POLIOE STORIES. \VfllTTKf/ BPEOIALLY FOR TflB HERALD By WAV, THE GHOST AT HOATttNTIATVR. Thero arc many tragedies and romances in tho real life of our great city of which the public loam little, save it may be tlio bare out lines. It is one of them that I am going to relate to you, because 1 was a littlo concerned In it mvuiilf I think most of the neighbors of MrMcrvyn, of "Scnrindnle,"in East Melbourne, wero in terested In the pnlo, delicate-looking daughter of the house, Mini Rusnnna Mervyn. Servants, and especially tho servants In big houses, will talk, as everyone knows ; and so in this caso almost everyone know that Miss Mervyn Imd formed somo very unhappy attach ment that had blighted her young existenco very visibly. No one, howover, knew tho par ticulars, for it had hapimiied a couple of years before tny time, but thu general idea, which proved to bu tlm correct ono, was tliat her father, not approving, hnd forbidden her to iinvo anything more to do with onu who was too dear to bo lightly or easily discarded. I suppose Mr Afcrvyn expected that timo would do awiy witii tlio evident depression and unliatipinesa of his only daughter, but it did not, though ho would not acknowledge it. Sim was delicate, tliat wns all lie would acknowledge, and required careful trevtment; and sho Imd it as far as money cuuld ensure it, but thu girl's heart wan broken for nil that, and that is a dnmngo that L.H.D. has no repair ing ixjwnr over. Mr Mcrryn was not, I do not think, a bad hearted tiinn, but iio was stiff nnd i)om;>ous in manner. I got a word of notico from him oc casionally as ho pnssed tno at his awn gate when I wns on day duty, but tho notico was so rare tliat I was surprised at him making a full, stop ono morning nnd showing n dis position to speak privately to my humblo. self. 11 X. — — ho said, "thoro is somo hum bug going on in my houso about a ghost,' " A ghost, sir 1" "Yds, isn't it ridiculous? Of course it is somo joke among tlio servants, if not worse. When wilt you bo ou night duty?" " I cominenco this ovonhig, sir." "I'm plad to hear it. Well, find out ail about tins ghost fur mc. You will nob lose anything by it." Ho was going off in his pompous way as if tho ghost business was settled for over because ho hnd Htioken about ib to a policeman, but I , stopped him. " You forgcK sir, that you havo givon mo uo particulars. I know nothing about ib." "True. I suppose you oughb to know a littlo moro, bub there is ono thing I wish td hnpress on you, X. — don'b gob gossiping to any of tho servants about it ; tliat would givo thu ridi culous tiling too much consequence. Ib was tho coachman thab hinted it to me, and I cut him short nt once." "What did ho hint, sir," "Ho said that- twice lately ho has seen, iu tho mlddlo of tho night, a fomalo figure In a long dark garment, gilding down tiio garden walk. Mycoaehinnn bleeps over tho stuolu. I only put my toot ou tho matter whon ho spoke at first, but ho told tno this morniug tliat ho had seen tiio figure again last night." " Wouldn't It bo oh woll for you to let mo apeak to John, sir?" I asked; "ho is a staid, elderly, nnd, 1 am sure, trustworthy man." "Well, yo-es," lie replied doubtfully ; "per haps en, but warn him nob to lot thu nonsenso got among thu women. Miss Mervyn is very nervous, and I should bo dubious of tiio effects of ghost talk on hor." "I will bo very careful, Mr Mervyn," This little episode of tho ghob nt Scnrindnlo was a break in tho monotony of my tame duty In this nristocrntio neighborhood, and I madett my business to intervtow John, the, coachman at onoo. It was easily done, as Mr Mervyu had not taken oub tho carriage, I had only to g up tho side entrance and find him busy polishing in tho littlo ImrneRs room. I told tho quiet ro?q>cc table-looking cldorly man what my business was, and ho laid down tlio reins ho was rubbing with a sigh of relief. "Ah, bo master's told you, "ho said. "I'm glad on't— rare glnd on't. I wns just a think ing on it this very mhmit, nnd a rare ugly thing it be to think on." "You don't surely bellevo ib is a ghost, John ?" I nuked. "1 novur seed, a ghost afore," said John,' firmly. " but I'm main sure I've seen otio now. Thore s no mistaking 'oin." "Tell tno what you saw, Mr John, and I think we'll manago to find out that ib was something far worse than a ghost." "Worse nor a glioat I"rui>eated tho ooach- man with n stare that meant his disbelief that anything could be worse than n ghost. " Yes, somo plan of a burtrlnr who wants to find a way into tho houso to get your master's pinto, for instance." " Oh nonsense, yon bo no burglar !" "Well, tell me all about it." " I saw ib first Saturday wero n week. Ono of our horses were nub well, I thought, and hoariug hiiu oueasy iu thn night, I slipped on Rome clothes and wont down to tlio stable. I lmdn't to go outside, you know, tho stairs be ing insidu the stable, but something tempted ma to look out tho back window, that looks into tho garden. It happened that just as I looked out, a tall, dark woman seemed to swim past among tlio trees, and ns sho got about tlio nuddlo of tho garden she disappeared all at onco— sunk in thu ground as it were." "You aro sure it was a woman ?" "Aye, sure; a burglar iudwd I No man can look liko a woman, no matter how ho dresses, aud besides, tbo moonlight shone right through you one." "Through hor?" " Yes, 1 saw the moonlight through her I toll you." " Strango 1 well go on. You saw her a second times didn't you ?" "Aye, last night. I don't think I cau stop \vi' lUMfster if such things go on," said John with n visible shudder. " I was sound asleep p«t nicbt, whon nil nt once I wakened up ns if I couldn't helu it, and then I thought of tho woman, and it seomed as if I must gut up and look out at window. Well, euro enough there she was swimming along again," " There was no moon last night John." " No, but thero wns plenty o' starlight, and ns she got to tho saino spot where sho dis nppeured before shu disappeared again, only this timo shu turned her head, aud I saw lior faco as whito as tho faco o' tho dead. 1 haven't Iwcu myself since, and I only bopo it isn't » warning for death. I laughed at poor, superstitious John, but his feavs wero prophetic after all. It was a warning for death, though in a way he littlo drenmi'U of. "Well, Jolnl, 111 watoh for tho ghost to night," 1 Biiid, "nnd so just you givo mo tho key of the garden goto betoro you go to bed. By the way, , it was going from tho house you saw tho figure, wasu t it: " Yes ; both times." Before I left my beat that day I happened to gob a closer look at Miss Kusanun Mervyn than I had previously Imd au opportunity of doing. Sho wenb out for a drivo with a Indv relative who lived witli them, for thu noor girl imd met witli that worst of aft lasses for a girl— sho had no mother. Miss Mervyn . was n littlo over tho middle height and very slender and willowy of make, nob thab I know exactly what " willowy " means, but I see it is used byffino writers always in conjunction with young ladies' figures, and I suppose it must bu something nice, though now tliat I think of it thoro is something understaiulablu in tlio term " willowy grace for thn it is a very beautiful thine to see a heavily leaved willow tossed about iu a high wind, or oven swaying its great tresses in a Emtio breezo. tiho had brown hair and large hie oyvs, and Iter palo, protty face woro an expression ot deep sadness. I havo always rcmoiuberad tlio young lady and tlm dress sho woro ns she stepped into her carriage that day, because it was such a con trast to her appearance whon next 1 saw tier. Sho had on a dress of somo shimmery material and of a creamy softness and color. It was trimmed with rich laces and beautifully draped round hor slender figure. Her hat or bonnet was of tho saino shade, nnd a mass of soft, wavy ostrich feathers. From head to foot every item of hor toilob sociucd perfect ami ladylike, but tho deep sadness in' tho girl's eyes spoiled it all to inc. My term of duty that day expired suffi ciently early to allow of my having a nap be fore 1 went on again, so I went fresh to my watch for the ghost at Scarindnle. It did not promise to bo a vory pleasant night, a soft urizzlo beginning just as John cntno down to thu cute with the koy of tho garden iu lus band. " 1 think tho ghost will gut a wet jacket to night, John," I remarked, as I put tuo koy in my pocket; "at least if eho's silly enough to venture out." " If I frit ho cheeky about serious matters as you do I wouldn't Bleep easy in my bed o' nights, " wan the coachman's uncomplimentary observation, " but I suppnao all policemen nro that way; it's nothing but 'move on' with them." ' " Yes, and I'll make your ghost move on, too, John, seo if I don't, and as to uot sleeping easy iu my bed, you needn't talk about that, 1 think, for, by your. own tolliug, you don't sleep very sound j'uursrif lately." 1 walked oft without giving my rather dis- agrecablu friend time to make the retort ho had quite ready for uu>. audi went quite round my beat slowly before I camo back again to thu neighborhood of Scariudulo. Looking at iny watch I found it was barely half-past eleven, and rather too catly tor thu appearance .of tho kind of ghosts I expected to rout ; but I had derided ou watuhing iu thu garden, though I had not told John ho, for I was sure that uo ghost would put in au appear- aucn whilo I was vipibly putroliug in tho vicinity. I waited in the lane until I saw a light iu John's window over thu stable, nnd then I quietly opened tho gato of the garden, slipped mrido and as quietly -locked it again bemud me. It still drizzled uncomfortably, but tho clouds had begun to break and the stars to peep nut. There was barely light enough to guido me along a sheltered walk until I enmo opnettito tho back wall of tho stable, with John's window in the iiptwr part of it, ami then I began to look around me fur thu iq>ot ho had described to me as sacred to the disappcaranbe of tho ghost. And I had not long to search, for thoro was almost in tho centre of tbo garden a. trelliscd imiuuier-houtm. This summer-house wns built round thn stem of im old shady trco and had a well grown shrubbery at ono mdo of ib. I carofully modo my way inaldo this bower of greenery, and folt round the Boats for I could Not pee. From my nuiiAO' of touch I gathered I that there wero scats nil round and a table in the middle, all of the usual rustic make and material. HotMcd tliat thero wan, as yet at least, p« onn lu thn enclosure I went out again undo' elded what to do j my indecision was not pere nutted to hist long, tor oven ns I emerged from tlio fluiiiincr-houKu 1 saw between mo and tho white walls ot Uio mansion, a dark figure approaching. I slipped into tbo shrubbery close by and waited tho nearer approach of " tho ghost." In tho obscurity I could make out nothing of tho form havo thab from its ulighinoM it might bn judged to bo a woman nod that it was muffled in what seemed a largo dark cloak witli a hood. It had entered tlio hummer houso when tho noise of what seemed to m«. a fall drew my at tention in another direction, und a sorb of iimflled groan made mo leave my hiding placo to sco whnt now form of tho phosb business wag concerned m lids noise. I had decided that the ghost proixir was ono of th« femnlo vrvantd with whom some member of tho crhu ml class was oil hor iu It-ague, or pretending to Loin lovo tor thn purimso of getting adnutlanco to thu premises, and that I wus not wrong in sup- ) losing tho iiiiiso to bu occasioned by somo cituiiHy entrance over tho wall was ovidenb whim I approached thu spot, for I taw iu what at first Bcoined a darker shadow than those »» rounding it a man's form promt on tho ground ' under tho wall. "Who are you'nnd what are you doing here ? I questioned as I suddenly turned my bull's- eye right fit tho man's face, winch I recognised In a second with an exclamation of surprise. "Jeffreyson 1" I cried, "By Jovo this U bungling work, and not your stylo at all | Gcb urn you are my nricoiior'" Give me a hand, I'm afraid I'vo sprained my ankle," he replied in almo.it n whisper, and as for tho prisoner business we'll talk of it when I'm on my feet." # "You're on them now," I returned, as I helped him to rise and thon handcuffed him, "and you ro my prisoner without uny talk whatever about it." "What chavffo am I'arrcsted on ! Take theso off; it will bu bettor tor you X. I" liu cried hotly, but still in a subdued tone. 'Whnt charge ? You havo u good chock to ask the question I You scramble over a ceu- tlemun s walls in the middle of tho night, and then ask what charge ? It's a fnreu for you t<) talk bho that, Juffreysou. Intent to commits- felony that's it, and you havo somo pals- among the women in horo too that I mean to find out. Who Is it you meet in tho summer- houso ? ' "I was answered in a way. I had not ex pected, my arm wus wrenched back from tho shoulder of my prisoner ond I flamed the lantern into tho faro of tho figure I imd scei enter tho summer houso — whon I recognised tlio whito features of Miss Evelyn, I was so confounded, that her words scarcely surprisod mo more. "Ho camo to moot me," sho snid, "audit is because I couldn't find tho key of tlio gato on its usual rail that I10 was obliged to climb over tho wall I Havo you, air, any objocbiou to my receiving whom I liko on my own pro- mines? Surely not, It Is for Mr Morvyn to deal with that, TaJm off thoso hand-- cuffs I" " Ono tuomeut Miss— do you know that this man is ono of tho cleverest burglars and robbers nt town?' "Iknow far moro than youknowabuut him I Remove those manacles 1" ; < Thoro was nothing for it but to oboy, and I, did so. I had set tho lantern upon tlio ' pedestal of a stutuo near by, and as soon as tlm '. young mau was at liberty ho bounded towara ; Miss Mervyn, who had loaned, as if for sujh port, against the same pedestal, "I ain vory ill, Georgo I" she whispered, as he put his arms around her, "very ill indeed.' I think you had hutter carry mo into tho house and— and tell— toll— pupa." It wns so evident that tho poor girl wns really ill, antl that help must bu Bought tor, that 1 said as much to Joffreyson, whoraiped hor In his arms and followed mo to the house, muttering curses nt mo all tlio way. "Damn you," ho said, "you havo killed hor. Hadn't you enough to do looking after your dirty work in tho street, but you must epiuo iu hero lo kill people," and how much moro 'ha might havo gone on with, I cau't say, for as wo noared the door nt tho back, ho ceased to speak, and pushed it open with bis knee. "Follow me." ho whispered, "I know where to tako her to," and Improved it by laying thq young lady on a couch in wlmt proved to bo her own sitting roam, and thon ho lit ono of tha gnsalicrs, and knelt beside hor. wlilsperlng words of lovo in hor ear. As if thoy restored hor to life, she opened her ©yes, and thoy feu upon mo with doubt and fear. " Oh. I reinombur I I was in tho garden, lam ill I George, George, 1 bolievo I am dying I # Papa must know all— for your sake I. Go for him : oh, go 1" " I can't," ho said to mo " Go you X — it is tlm first door on tlm right. Knock, lie h( easily awakened." I hardly knew myself prowling along the carpeted corridor of a gentleman's honse in th£ dead of uiulit, carrying my dark lantern iu my hand liko a burglar ; but I bad only to JuiocF at tho door once era it was opcued to m? suddenly by tho evidently surprise! M lie was moro surprised wbon ho Tccognisecf me, and guessed at onco tlmt I had, madu torn? discovery about tlm ghiftt. " You have founq out? Comein, come ui. Havo you made a capture ? is it any of tho servants ?" 'It is ti mora painful Immnpsn than you expect, sir. Will you dress yourself ns quick na yon cax» and como with ine ? I am afraid Miss Mbrwn is very IU." "Ill I Has a doctor been sent for? Send for a doctor at onco." I wont out to tiio back, and from tho garden shouted out to tho coachman nn intimation that a medical man's services were iustantiy required, and thon I returned just in duie td meet Mr Mervyn as he emerged from hit bed room door. Wo entered tho boudoir togother. Tin evidently dying girl was reclining on thtf coucli still, aud yuuug Jeffreyson knelt beside her. Ono of her thin white arms was thrown across his broad shoulders nnd hor other hand was clasped iu Ins, The burglar's face wad. hidden almost in her breast, Iroin which thd quick laboring breath came painfully and heavily. It was not uloue tho damps of nighb, that clung to her white forehead, the dews of death were contending witli aud absorbing tliem. "Father," she snid, " dear papa, your Rosie is going away from you. Sim is dying." " Oh ! my darling, don't sny so. Wo havo rent for tho doctor, and he will soon set you to' rights. But who is this, my lovo? whoia' this that you aro hidiugf>oclose to you ?" , "You will not be angry papa? O, papa, you must not be angry with your dying Rosio |- This, papa, is my husbaud ; the George time; you forbid 11m ti know, but whom I havo made my husband without your knowledgo V Wo loved each other so, papa i aud my pooq" George was doinp so wrong because everyona turned against lum I You will not ho angry with hitu, for my sake, dear papa? For Itosia is going, and you must be goi.d to Rosie's dear, husband, or she will uot bless you in hor grave !'| ' As with ovident difficulty tho dying girl spoko theso words tho young man raised hit white face, and looked into the hnrriltM nun <iT Mr Mervyn. " You have yourself to blame for it," he said, hoarsely. "When we first loved each nthof there was notiung against me but my tx>verty,' for I am as well born as youreslf. What I aria, yon liuvo madw me. You drovo 1110 to it, anq I didn't know till too late that Ucwio would be faithful to ni'i iu spite of you. Wo havo killed" her between ub i" "George, darling, don't! Bo good to poor papa ; he will httvo no one but you ! Papa ( Father ! I leavo my dear husband as lu.v last solemn bequest to you, and I am sure that I shall know in that other world if you are goou to each other-" " You aro not going to leavo me, my darl ing," cried the unhappy father. " Only live ouu George shall bo myson after all. See, J give him my hand. He is my son now foi. your dear sake." "Yes, for my soke," she said in a low, faiuf tone, as a smile broke ovor thu pale faco,1 " Always for Rosie's sake. Kiss nio good bye? papa. Now, Gooree, tako mo in your nrms for I shall not bo many moments with you." I heard no more of tho murmured words that yet passed between the dying girl and hor loved onoH, for I drew away from the couch." Boon, however, I went to meet tho doctor,' whom entrance I heard, and it was I whql ushered him into the presence of— death. A sail termination to the soeno I had1 anticipated iu my elucidation of the ghosq mystery, niul tbo last ono I should havtr dreamed of. When I left Scaritulole that morning Mr Mervyn and Jeffreyson, tha burglar, were mingling their tears over tho: dead body of Rosauun Merwyti. n I can't get over it vet ; nor can old .John, thd coachman. There teems something incongruous in tho daily companionship ct tho uristocratla owner of Scnrindnlo and tho young tuna on) whoso hands 1 havo clasped the handcuffs oq moro than ono occasion. But old John may , look sulky as ho mounts thu box to drivo tho' father nnd Ron-hi-law ou their daily expedi tions, aud I may enviously mutter to myself ou my beat ; but neither John nor I can alter tiio fact that tho dead girl's wishes nro more than realised, for George Jeffreyson is tho failing' old geutlaman'H right hand, and will doubtless bit his heir, though hu was onco u criminal. ' 