THE SECOND SON/ Br Mrs. 6lipiiakt and Mr. T. li. Aldrich. PART L Chapter XXVIII. A KXGHT IX XUE STREETS. It waB a long time belore Lily could think at all—of what had happened, oi what might have bapjKned, of whatwigut be going to become ot her now.all forlorn and alone in the:London street*. She bad no time for thought; the first necessity was to ro away, to getfar*as Jarua bet trembling yet nervously etrongaml energotic- liiabaeoul J carry her, away, away from that dreadful place. She flew rather than nut close by the garden walls and railings, scarcely feeling her feet touch the gfouudt to the end of the street, and out of that into a little square which she crossed obliquely, following the street that led out of it at the other corner in a contrary direction. Until her breath was exhausted, and the first impulse of horror and panic had to some degree worn out, she never paused, going always straight betore her, out of one street iatonnotber, sometimes crossing one which was full of bustle and lights, plunging into the darkness again on the other side. The district to which she hod been taken was one of those which flank great London on every side, like a series ot little dull towns with interminable, endless little streets, leading out of each other, all alike, monotonous, featureless, overpowering in their blank nonentity. Lily had no leisure of mind to understand this, or think how it wan. that: she found. nothing hut solitude round her, though it helped to oppress her soul—but only now and then felt a chilly anguish run through her, a feeling that she had got into some tecrible circle which might bring her back to the spot die had fled Irom, and throw her once mora Into the power of him from whom sbehad escaped: for the streets were allso like.sotaorribly like, with the same dull lamp at'tbe oornere, the same line of little gardens, the same monotonous rows of windowa The light bad altcgetlier faded out of the evening uky, hut it was stilt faintly blue overhead, showing a glittering and twinkling of innumerable start, not bright but mildly present in the sky, making a sort of twilight in the heavens. The sight of this pale ineffable clearness, appearing now and then where there/wm u larger opening, gave Lily heart to go on \ It waft something known in the midst of this Strange wilderness which she wu waodeilng'X t&tOUgh;, feometliintr familiar where %U waaVo uukuown aud dark and strange. " ' ' When the first impulse of flight and panic began to wane, and she'felt her breath fail her, and her limbs trembling under her, Lily slackened her puce unconsciously ; and then she began to think. TfaUwas more dreadful thanfljgoth£state, thefrildlflatiftct which had obliterated ■ svstythiag except the heoes i to remember,to happened toher. ^andeoiftary creature, gu nrwh at .to do in itag this Work has boon pur M«t "The Auitnlasiau." caught her breath with an effort to represfc the long, broken, convulsive sob that Bhook her from head to foot, and came back and i back like the sob of a child which has wept all its tears away. And yet it was not of the immediate danger she had escaped that she thought most. She did not in fact realise that at all, having an imagination free from all visions of corruption. What Lily realised with a vivid horror was the picture so common in books, so continually repeated, which forms the burden of so many a rustic tale—the betrayed girl going home in shame and misery to die, creeping to her father's door, not daring to knock, not venturing even to look, hiding her ruined head upon the threshold. That it should have come within the most distant possibility that this should happen to her! Thia was the first conscious thought that took possession of her when she became able to think at all. It had flashed across her mind as she stood in the dimly- lighted room hearing from the dingy little roaia what fate was preparing for her. It returned now and filled her whole being with such a pervading force as is only possible to the simple soul. It did not seem to be a thought only, huta vision. She, Lily, the first of ail belonging to ber, the one ex ceptional creature unlike all others, knowing and feeling to the very tips of her lingers that Bhe was not like anyone else, that she be longed to another sphere—she whose inten tion and dream it had been to go in at that humble door, leaning upon the arm of the finest gentleman she knew, and justify her mother s pride and fulfil nil prognostications of splendour and happiness 1 That to her, to Lily, that other fate might have come, the common fate of the rustic fool, the village girl betrayed! Perhaps it was a proot that no etronger passion, no self-abandonment had ever been in Lily's thoughts. This terrible picture took possession of her—she could almost feel herself sinking before the doort covering her face—and in her heart the humiliation, the shame beyond words, the collapse of every hope. If it hod not been that silence was the first necessity in ber present terrible circumstances nothing could have restrained the keen cry of imagined anguish that was on her lips—that this might have happened to her I Then she calmed or tried to calm herself with the thought that it never could have happened. Even if she had not ascertained her danger in time and escaped as she had done, Lily felt, grasping herself tight as it were, holding herself together, that sliame could never have happened to her—never, j never,never I It was athiDg which she could not acknowledge possible, which never could have been. She clenched her hands, which were cold and trembled, until she hurt them tDlfl'i fKn nraaan sa *>Ai\nn farl " KT&trn;* mmis* I with the pressure, and repeated "Never, never, never 1" In all the world there was no power which could have brought that humiliation upon her—Oh, no, no, no! There are things which can, and there are things which can not be. Sbe hurried on in her fervour, llyiug from that thought which of itself was a hu miliation—for to be obliged even to acknow ledge tbe possibility ol shame approaching, shame almost within touch, was a shameful thing. She went ou quicker and quicker to escape from it, on and on. It takes a long time to exhaust a thought, especially in such circumstances as theme iu which the girl now found herself. Was ever girl iu such circum-1 etauces before! In the streets of London! without a place to go to, without a friend, | not knowing how to turn, lost, altogether j lost to everybody who knew her, to every*! thing sbe knew 1 Her thoughts swept on like an accompaniment to that soft sonnd of her light footsteps, going on and on as she did— sometimes interrupted by a start of rising terror when she heard steps following her, or saw some figure coming into sight under the lamplight: but resuiningagaiu, going on and on. It was a long time before she came to the question what she was to da Tbe night hud darkened, deepened all around—the lew little shops at the street corners which she passed from time to time had pat up their shutters, the lights were few in the windows. It was no loneer evening but night What was she to do! Lily bad never in her life gone anywhere or taken any important step by herself. Site had gone to school, indeed, without theescort given to girls of a higher class, but even this under limitations, put into the railway carriage at one end, and met at the other, as was thought necessary by her schoolmistress if not by her mother, bhe knew that what people did when benighted in a strange place was lots to an hotel: bat this was an idea which made the ' blood course through her veins more wildly than before. To go to an hotel, a girl alone —on foot, without any luggage except the bosket which she clung to as if there might possibly be help in it 1 The beating of her heart seemed to choke Lily as she thought of this expedient. What would be thought of her, how could she explain that she was in London without any place to go to! Oh no, no—that was impossible I bhe could not do it—she had not the courage. Oh, if she could but see some good woman, some one with a kind face going into one of the little houses, standing at one of the doors! In books it was so certain that a poor girl would meet ber at tbe end, when Bhe was perhaps in despair. But no good woman stood at any door which Lily passed, or looked at her suddenly with compassion going along the pavement By this time indeed there were no women about nobody in those quiet streets. The doors were all closed: from time to lime some one went by, not distinguishable in the lamplight who took no notice of Lilysometimes a policeman with his heavy tread sounding all down the street in the quiet of the night As it grew later and later, these policemen began to look at her, she observed, as it she was a strange Bight, and it occurred to her that perhaps in her ignorance, not knowing where she was going, she might be passing and repassing along the same street meeting the same man, who would naturally wonder to see a young woman going along so late. And she began to get so tired, oh, so tired l.feeling as if sbe could not go further than the next corner, vet moving on mechanically without any volition of lien, her limba moving, moving, her feet sometimes stumbling, always going on as if they had some separate impulse of their pwn. If she only dared to sit down on the steps of a door, rest a little, perhaps go to sleep for a little, leaning her brad upon her hand 1 But Lily lelt hazily in the confusion of her weariness that if she did this the police* man or some one might speak to het, might take her somewhere, perhaps to prison or to the workhouse or some* where which would be a disgrace. Every* thing unknown felt asff it might he a disgrace,! something that would he a shame to think of, to have encountered. To be out «U night was shameful, too—in the streets all night 1 said? Inl^donstirecUa^lniidtt! Anybody who bssrd of that wpuldkhlukof noise and tumult, woa. ^wdsoi people *nd btr ? lights, and dreadfulmetyaUamerf}-*m& Jfttwhut a mist herseli 1 The st lh6 dogs tfbhld footstep, find the f>£ople in the booses get op to look out ihd' Wonder who it could be. But in these streets no dog barked, no window opened, no one looked out. She remembered to have'heard that no woman need fear going anywhere in London, so long as she walked steadily along, minding her own business, giving no occasion to any one to interfere. How true that was, how safe it was, nobody paying auy attention. It sounded a terrible thing to be out walking about the streets all night: but it was not so dreadful after all. There was nobody to meddle—the policeman might look, perhaps, surprised to see a girl alone so late: but no one eaid a word. It was quite, quite safe—it was the best way so that nobody should ever know. For who could believe it possible that Lily, Lily! had spent a night like that, walking, walking, never resting, about the silent, silent streets? If she were not so tired, and so faint, and bo ready to cry, and so like to drop down with utter fatigue and blinding chilling weariness ? But here was the policeman coming again, and he might think he had a right to speak to her if sne faltered or made any sound of crying, or showed that she was tired while he was passing. So Bhe went on and on. What she would have done had she not hap pened upon this quiet district, these innume rable little silent streets, who can tell ? Had she drifted into a great thoroughfare or the places where people live who go home late, poor Lily's adventures might have been very different. It was fortunate for her that Stephen Mitford bad chosen a quarter far re moved from those which he knew best, a place out of reach of any prying eyes, in the midst of the respectability ot the West bourne-park district, in the endless labyrinths of roads and gardens and placeB where mid night commotion never enters. She passed the very corner of the street to which he had taken her, more than once, in the ignorance of her aimleBS wandering in the dark hours of the night—sometimes indeed was within the length of a street from him searching for her. But it would not have mattered had they met face to face—Lily was for ever emancipated from that dream. He could as soon have moved the church in the deep Bhadow of which the poor girl ventured to Cause a little, leaning against the railings, as ave persuaded or forced her back to the false shelter he had provided. Thus it did not matter whether they had met or not: bat as a matter of fact he never came within sight of that shadowy little figure whicli passed like a ghost, going close to the houses, brush ing past the litile garden walls. She was still going on in iier circuit, her head more and more confused, her thoughts more broken, all lucidity gone from her nund, nothing left but the mechanical power of movement, and sense that she must go on, when suddenly a miracle was worked about and arouud the poor little wanderer. It be came day. She was so dazed with fatigue that she had not observed the preliminary phenomena of dawn. Things had got clearer round her, but she had taken no notice. She had been vaguely aware of the houses with their windows all veiled with white blinds like closed eyes wbicli somehow became more visible, as if looking coldly at her, wondering what she wa3 doing there—when suddenly there came upon her through an opening, like a hand reaching out of heaven; the sudden warmth and glory of a ray of sunshine, tire first that reached through the houses. Lily, who all that awful night through had not uttered a sound, Bturted as if Borne one had touched her, and gave a faint cry. The sun, the day ! It was over, then, this horrible darkness and silence, She put her hand to her heart, to which the ray, the dart, had gone. All atonce the danger seemed over. It seemed to her that she now could sit down anywhere, which was the one sole, over powering wish that remained in her, rest any where without being remarked. The police man was no longer anything to fear, nor any one, anyone I Not that she bad been afraid —but now that it was over she felt with re awaking faculties all the horror that had been in it—now tbat it was day. She did not sit down however, though the friendly steps at all those closed doors seemed to spread out like delightful places of refuge to receive her—one on which that ray of sun shine shone was almost too tempting to be resisted—but courage had come to her with the light, and freedom and deliverance. It might be possible now to ask for shelter somewhere, to look out wistfully again for that good woman now the day had come. Bnt though she feit this sudden relief in her soul, utter exhaustion made Lily like a creature in a dream, moving she could not telt how, drifting on ward with little conscious impulse of her own. She remarked vaguely what she saw around her, but always as in a dream. Presently she came to the edge of a great thoroughfare, and stood and gaaed at it with a wonder that was half reverence ant half fear. Lily knew enough to know that this was not like the streets in which she bad been wandering. The great shops ail barricaded and barred, the wide pavements, the many lamps, some of them still burning ineffectually, with curious unnecessary light in the full eye of day, showed her that this was one of the centres of life of which she had heard. Bhe thought it was perhaps Regent-street or Piccadilly. And to see it bereft of all life, silent, filled with light and the freshness of the morning, produced in her mind some faint shadow of that emotion with which the poet saw the *' mighty heart" of the great city lying still, and the river flow ing at its witL Hut that impression was taint, and the aspect of the deserted street chilled once more the iialf-awakened life in the bosom or the innocent vagrant half restored by the reviving touoh of day. Life, she thought, seemed to die away before her miserable steps. There was no one to help her, no one.looking oat to see what unhappy want of succour—no iost creature was in want __ good woman Oh, where was she, that good woman, who would take her by the hand, who wouid stand between her distracted youth and the terrible world? . She was too much worn out, however, to feel even this with toy warmth. Standing still had rested her a little: she went on again mechanically, scarcely knowing why, because there -was nothing else for her to do, along the whole vacant length of the empty street. An early workman or two, pipe in mouth went past her, taking no notice. No one took any uotice: the earliest bouses began to wake as she passed, a lew blinds were drawn up. a housemaid appeared bete apd there at a door — a girl who bad slept all night and risen to her work cheerful ana rosy, whereas Idly 1—one or two of them looked curiously at her, she thought, as she went along. Was her walk unsteady ? Was her halt untidy t she wondered vaguely. What could they think} Aud vfcut was she to do}. What was she to dof Though she could neither feel nor thinkpgvU by momenta something would rise ui.tlm topttung air and breathe across .her vogsehrwuh this question. What was'she to do! As suewent on she n)y became nullity rthfc Aahie why. She lotwra Up ana her heart gave a \vil<l spring, then fell down *gain, down, down, into her bosom. it was >he railway to which the people were all lending and she with them—the way home. Hut how could Lily go home? Oh, home ! home! to which she had mean to return triumphant on her husband's arm. Iter husband—hut who was lie? She had no husband : and how could she go home ? She must tliink, she must think, the time had come at last when she must think, and lind out what she was to do. She went on with the little stream, following instinctively as it a current had caught her feet. One lady went into the waiting-room, where Lily followed, still mechanically. She did not know why she should choose to follow that individual more than another: they were all blind leaders of the blind to the confused .nteliigence now sinking into a sort of waking 3leep. Hut when she fouud herself sheltered by lour walla, and with a roof over her head, the long wretchedness ol the night over whelmed Lily. It seemed to have waited for her there to close around! her, to stupefy all her faculties. She sank down upon a sofa, unconscious of the public place it was, knowing nothing except that here at last was Bhclter, and a place where she could lay down her weary head. 