THE A.U.S.N. COMPANY. Among the passengers who arrived by the KaiBer-i-Hind was Mr. Dawes, one of the directors of the Australasian United Steamship Company. Mr. Dawes, who for some time was a director of the Queensland Shipping Company, has come out to visit the Australian colonies in the interests of the new company. He intends to spend four or five days here, and then to go on to Melbourne, where be will remain for a week or so. After that he will proceed to Sydney. He will work his way thence gradually up to the north of Queensland, and in all probability will return to England by way of Java and India. In the course of a short conversation, Mr. Dawes said that the United Australasian Steam Navigation Company had 37 steamers engaged in the Australian trade, of which ten were purchased from the Queensland Shipping Company and 10 from the Australasian Steam Navigation Company. It has not yet been decided where the head-quarters of the Company shall be in Australia. The Company have only one desire, and that is to meet the requirements of the travelling public in every way, and to make the services as efficient as possible. The company also to preserve the historical character of the old A.S.N. Company as much as possible. Touching on the question of the employment of Asiatic labor, Mr. Dawes said there was not a ghost of a chance of the company pursuing such a policy in regard to the Australian colonies, for they would be committing commercial suicide. Black labor was only used in countries where all the labor was black. For instance, in the Indian trade the company have 78 steamers, which are manned to a large extent by Lascars; but in the Australian colonies they would pursue a different policy and should employ European labor. As an instance of this, Mr. Dawes said his company had retained all the staff of the steamers acquired from the A.S.N. Company, and should certainly continue to do so. All the effective steamers in the Australian fleet, he said, are running from Melbourne to the northern ports of Queensland, and the object of the Company was to serve the small ports which were not by the larger steamers. The capital of the company is £600,000 at present, and it is intended to place a portion of it in the colonies in order to unite the colonial with the home interests as 'far as possible. Mr. Dawes said his visits in the past had always been to foreign places where there were few Europeans and where there was a feeling antagonistic to development, but that he now finds, that as far as the Australian colonies are concerned, there is only one desire, and that is, that the trade should be fostered and the country developed as far as possible. Mr. Dawes scouted the idea of his company having any intention or desire to purchase the Adelaide s.s. Company's properties. He said the Company he represented had no wish to enter into any unfair competition with existing interests. It had no present intention of running special steatuers from the other colonies to Adelaide during the Exhibition season ; but, of course, should the accommodation by the existing lines prove insufficient, they would be prepared to put steamers on. The policy of his Company will be to work in with all the large ocean lines as far as possible. On the question of seamen's unions, Mr, Dawes said he was of opinion that if they had seameu's unions in England, as well organised as the Australian unions, and which would insist- upon the carrying of full and efficient complements in regard to crews, there would be much less occasion for interference on the part of the Board of Trade. As instancing the benefit to Australian trade likely to accrue from the operations of the company, Mr. Dawes remarked that the company were using something like 300 000 tons of Australian coal per annum ; and that the amount of money this represented, in addition to that entailed by the loading and unloading of the ships, victualling, &c.; •might be easily understood. In concluding the interview, Mr. Dawes mentioned that Mr. M'Kinnon, the chairman of the directors of the Australasian United Steam Navigation Company, was the founder of the British-India Company, and that the vessels which he controlled comprised upwards of 160 steamers, the tonnage of which exceeded a quarter of a million. 