AUSTRALIAN COUNCIL OF Y.M.C. ASSOCIATIONS. A public meeting in connection with the annual meeting of the above Council was held in the Y. M.C. A Parlour on Wednesday afternoon. The Rev. W. P. Wells, of Ballarat, presided over a good attendance of delegates and friends. Mr. J. MACFAHLASE, of Hobart, read an interesting paper on "General Mission Work; its Practicability and Use." He said that general mission work included evangelistic meetings for those who did not attend any place of worship, open- air meetings, tract distribution, prison visitation, gospel temperance, and boys' meetings. Many young men were thus reached who would not be by any other means. The most flouiishing Y.M.C. Associations carried on mission work successfully. It had been said that evangelistic woik belonged to the Churches, but as a matter of fact very few Churches took it up, owing to the absence of workers and the means, and the work would apparently be undone were it not for the Y.M.C. Associations. The work deserved the support of the public. Meetings should be held in a room which had an entrance to a crowded thoroughfare. Many successful meetings were held in theatres, bat that involved expense. Addresses should be short and bright, and the meetings should be characterized by plenty of singing. Speakers should not waste time in preliminaries. First, attention should be riveted, then the story of the Cross should be told, and finally a pressing invitation to accept Him should be given. At the close opportunity should be given to anxious ones to remain for personal dealing and help. Gospel meetings for men only were carried out successfully by Borne Associations, The work of looking after converts had not yet been fully met, doubtless owing to want of workers who had the time to devote to the service. Some of the Associations filled in on a card the name of the convert and the Church to which he belonged. To this might be added a register, to be kept by a Secretary appointed to the work, who could Bend particulars to the ministers. The enquirer should be led to tnut in God's Word alone, not in what the worker said. A difficult case should be handed over to a more experienced worker. The best help of all was to study how Jesus dealt with those who came to Him. Work amongst boys, many of whom had no homes and no religions training, waB too much neglected. But meetings might be carried on as nearly as possible to the model of a well-conducted Sunday-school, but failing sufficient workers a short service with bright singing and short illustrative addresses, with a text written on a blackboard. Management with patience and sympathy was necessary. Y.M.C. Associations should take up the work. The Rev. R. M. HUNTER thought it was within the scope of their Associations to do mission work. Every Christian ought to be a missionary. The simple fact of knowledge involved the obligation to tell others who did not possess knowledge of Christ. Then followers of Christ should do as he would have done—work among the fallen, and foolish, and needy. There were difficulties, but they were not insurmountable. Bands of young men might go out to work in the streets after the ordinary Church service. Success depended upon the workers. All were not capable of doing it, bat some were, and the others should be specially trained. Knowledge of the Scriptures, knowledge of the human mind, wisdom, experience, gifts of utteiance, song, aud sympathy, and the gracious power and unction of the Holy Ghost were necessary to make the work saccesBfal. The work should not be attempted unless there were perfect harmony between the workers, the pastors, and the Churches. Otherwise harm would result. The work should be strictly undenominational. especially when carried on by Y.M.C. Associations, It wonld never do to alienate the sympathy of the Churches. Chiefly the work should be done amongst young men. They needed it most. Their power would be 'chiefly amongst them. They wanted to roll away the idea that to belong to a Y.M.C. Association was to be a sort of namby-pamby fellow. He was greatly taken with Dr. Gratton Guinness's method of inducing decision. He asked those who had decided to go to the enquiry-room when all other heads were bowed. He had found that an excellent plan. The one essential .was the Holy Spirit. Otherwise they would be unsuccessfuL Mr. W. A. SOUTHWELL (General Secretary, Melbourne) did not agree with many of the methods adopted for obtaining decisions. They had no right to press a soul into a corner and ask for an answer "yea" or "nay." Many persons he knew were pronounced by overanxious workers to be saved before they really were. They should be directed to the Word of God. He believed in a plan he had seen in Sydney. After a solemn meeting men were asked to stand up and confess ChriBt. Three did so. He had seen hands held up in Melbonrne for mere fun and names in the enquiry-book were not worth the paper they were written on. Mr. W. H. JONES, of Ballarat, thought all mission workers should have experience. In Ballarat the result of one special mission hadbeen that thirty-eight members were added to one Church, two pronounced Atheists being amongst the number. Mr. J. WILTON, of Melbourne, then spoke on "Mission Work amongst Young Men Only ; its Advantages." It had been debated whether Young Men's Christian Associations should confine themselves to work amongst young men only or do general mission work. There was room for both. It depended considerably on circumstances, as in some places Young Women's Christian Associations worked amongst the women. The Y.M.C. Associations had been originally founded for work amongst young men. There were thousands of boys and young men in Australian cities without any religious teaching in company with those experienced in evil. Small companies of young men might be formed, and a great deal done amongst the class he had mentioned by private endeavour. Yoang men mast be reached by young men. He did not think mixed meetings were desirable. Meetings called for mission pnrposes were frequently turned into meeting- places by young men and women in which to pass the time in light conversation. Miss Booth had especially asked that mixed meetings might not be held, for the protection of the females. Mr. W. A. SOUTHWELL said meetings for men only had been tried in Melbourne, but had not been found very successful. It required a higher order of work, and more diligent preparation. Mr. D. WALKER said they did not have mixed meetings in Sydney. They had an enquiry meeting on Mondav afternoons which was regularly attended by thirty or forty young men. The Rev. D. M. BERRY, MA., thought only specially gifted young men should' be allowed to work. Many were unfit for the service. After a short discussion the meeting terminated. 