"[?] OR, THE WITCH'S CURSE." SOME TIT-BITS FROM THE LIBRETTO. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 27, 1887. "Ruddygore: or, The Witch's Gurse," is, [?] one includes "Thespis" and "Trial by Jury," the tenth of the comic operas written in collaboration by Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Snllivan. Such a pheno menal series of successes has never before been known in theatrital history. Eight cf the works are favorites in every quarter of the globe, and the tenth and last, I can safely prophesy, will be at least equally popular. "Ruddygore" more nearly resembles "The Sorcerer" than any other of the Gilbert & Sullivan series. The first act is as nearly perfection as possible. It goes with a verve and swing that disarms criticism, and prevents one thinking till later how simple are the materials employed. Owing partly to a frightfully long interval and partly to the fact that both acton and the applauding portion of the audience (boxes, pit, and gallery) were dead tired, the second act on Saturday night lagged somewhat, and there was a narrow escape of the curtain falling oo an anti- climax. In reality, how ever, this second act is quite as funny sb its predecessor, and on Monday even- Ing it played equally well. Comparisons where these Savoy successes are concerned are not merely " odorous" but dangeruos. The press thought the "Mikado" a fall ing off on "Princess Ida," yet the "Japanese opera " ran just twice as long as the " respectful travestie " of Tenny son's poem. The press now pronounces ??Ruddygore" a falling off from "The Mikado." Well, I can only say I don't agree with the verdict. During the week 1 have been to see the new "original supernatural opera " at the Savoy twice, and on each occasion I enjoyed myself most thoroughly. Sullivan, at any rate, has surpassed himself. The story of "Ruddygore" is to the full as whimsical as any of its predecessors. When the curtain rises It discloses a charming set representing the Cornish fishing village of Rederring, with a bevy of pretty girls in the quaint short-waisted dresses of the latter end of George IJL's reign, singing merrily. This is the Rederring "endowed corps of 'pro fessional bridesmaids," which has been retained by die local authorities to be ready to grace the nuptials of the village beauty, Rose Maybud, which are ex pected to take place momentarily. ?' Every day" (they sing) As the days roll on Bridesmaids" gub we gaily don, Sure that a maid bo fairly famed Won't very long remain unclaimed. But, alas ! the girl is obstinate and won't select a husband from her many suitors. The bridesmaids have been on duiy ready to sing, "Hail to the bride, &c.;,' r at the faintest encouragement from 10 to 4 for the hut six months, and are beginning to fear that unless the right man comes soon this corps will be disendowed. Rose herself, a prim little puss, now appears, and tells us that (after the manner of properly constituted heroines in melodrama) she is a foundling. As a babe she was hung in a plated dish-cover on the knocker of the workhouse door with nought but a change of baby-linen and a book on etiquette. This hallowed volume she values above all earthly things, and refers to continually for guidance through out the play. Thus when the elderly Dame TTannah hints at Rose's preference for farmer Robin Oakapple the young lady consults her book on etiquette to ascertain if love !b quite correct. Her doubts are expressed vocally in a delight ful ballad, of which the following is averse: — B somebody there chanced to be Who loved ma in a manner true, Ify beart would point him oat to me, And I would point him oat to you. (Referring to book.) But here it aya of those who point, Hidr tBaBMn Brass be out of joint— You way not pe"u?l— . -- ' Ton must not point— "~ Ifs manners oat of joint, to point! Had I the love of such a* he, SonxfquM spot he'd take me to, Xbea he eonld whisper H to me. Am) I oouH whisper it to you. f?eferriiftoDeok.) Bet wMepeting. Pro somewhere met, b contrary to etiquette: Where can it be 7 rSearekiugMc) (finiiau nfcrenel.) rVso??tmy to rtmurttei The baahM joang farmer, Bobin Oak apple, is (tike aU properly constituted heroes of melodrama) really somebody else, and a very terrible somebody else too—none other in fact than the head of the accursed house of Murgatroyd. The first aaronet of the fine, it seems, who lived in James L'stame, got his progeni tors into sad trouble through an evil habit of burning witches. Sir Bspert Morgatrord Ha levam and bta ricbes HaiulMwait eamloyed i?penee^Dfvttebes. WMk leu heMmabe ttem quake— Brt dnok them m Us take- With stacks and Btanes, *?* tarn them at the stake 1 BsstaMof shame XoKimert Mmyatroyd! Cnoe. en the village green. A pefeied tog be roasted. And what took place. 1 ween. Shook hit cumnjeure boagted, For, as the torture grin) &*sd on each wittered &mb;, The writhing dame ICd fire ana flame felled forth this cane on him:— -EMfeladcfftaddrcore, . Berate his bee* endeavor, Shall io one crime, or mere. Oboe every day tor ever! Ibis deem lie east defy Btniiti he may try, For should he stay Hie hand, that day In torture lie shall die r So* raepbecy came true : lachTSr who held the title Bad every day, to do Eome crime of impert vital; Onto, with gnat tferptied, *? m am no more !* be cried, And on lie day Eeaaidtfaataay. In agony he died! To avoid the efiect of the cone Robin (or rather Sir Buthven) expUina that he fled. To an old retainer who addreaaoi him aa Sir Ruthve?, he says: —*?Twenty years BgO in honor Of TnTi^fiTing f^inii hideOO? title and with it tie ban thai compels all who succeed to tie baronetcy to oommlt at least one deadly crime per day for life, I fled arj home and concealed myself in tJiis innocent village under the name of Bobia Oakapple. My younger brother Despard, befievins; me to be dead, sne ceeded to the title and its attendant cone. For 20 years I have been dead and buried. Don't dig me up now. Bobm's foster brother, Richard, a man-o ware-man of the tone " Pinafore" type, now appear* on the scene (just arrived home In ELM. schooner Tom Tit), and trolls? ont'a lively ballad, which ends in a hornpipe, and will be one of the great favorites of the piece. It describes an encounter between the little Tom Tit and a large French frigate. The French want to fight, but the Tom Tit, out of pure companion for the "poor Parley- voo," refuso to, sailing away instead. The *' d'ye see f is extraordinarily effective. Then our captain be up and he says, aays he, ? ? mat chap we need not fear— We can take bar, if we like, Sbc is miti? for to strike, Per sbe- SCBly* darned Koraieeer, D"y??e?? She's only ? darned Monsaeer! BnttogtMafteaefcUM ?* Bto hitttn' of a gsl— Mtabjbbedr tkmr tot to do ; Tot we, witt ?B oar tmoit?, Why we're etmdy?rftWisiJt*, WhOe ehe^orfy a Pariey- vw,, A BdeenMe Ti££U?r Bobin confides his love for Rose to Bichard, likewise his bashfidnfiss. A BODg fo?owfl, which was evidently written epecialhj far Mr. Gjcossmith (Bobin). He deliver* it, of coune, intwHaMy. IfantMMa-wdnawtS^ A (MsMsa4l enfaj iemaaQe— T^TT" ~**ri*nnJtimni ?*. Oi, t??t m*, y?nh??entaehsnoe, i It you wish in tbc world to advance, 'Sour merits jcru're noted to enhance, | Yen mist etii it aed ?tamp it. Arid tec* your e*vn trumpet, Or, trust me, jou haven't a chance! flichard agrees to plead Robin's cause with Rose, but on seeing the damsel falls in lore with her himself and basely pro poses. Rose Is much embarrassed, bat has recourse to the book of etiquette. When, however, Robin reproaches Rose with her faithlessness she repents, and shows signs of returning to him. On this Richard resolves pnblicly to disclose Robin's identity with that of Sir Ruthven Murgatroyd and to oblige him to fulfil the obligations of the curse. An infamous person compelled to commit a crime a day Rose (he prides himself) 'could never marry. 7he present'head of the family, the sombre Sir Despard Murgatroyd, with his gang of bucks and blades meanwhile arrives at Rederring from the family seat of Ruddygore to abduct Rose Maybud, this being his crime for that day only. Sir Despard's description of himself is in the best Gilbertian manner. His hands, he tells the populace, are steeped in infamy, but his heart is as the heart of a little child. " But what is a poor baronet to do when a whole picture-gallery of ancestors step down from their frames and threaten him with an excruciating death if he hesitate to commit his daily crime ? But. ha ! ha! lam even with them ! I get my crime over the first thing in the morning, and then, ha! ha! for the rest of the day Ido good—l do good —I do good ! Two days since, ] stole a child and built an orphan asylum.. Yes terday I robbed a bank and endowed a bishopric. To-day I carry off Rose May bud, and atone with a cathedral! This is what It is to be the sport and toy of a Pic ture Gallery ! But I will be bitterly re venged upon them ! I will give them all to the Nation, and nobody shall ever look upon their faces again." ? The first act ends with Richard's dis closure of Robin's identity, and the hitter's misery at finding himself com pelled to admit that he is Sir Ruthven. Sir Despard, on the other hand, is over joyed at being at last able to live a blame less life and die regretted by all who knew him. He resolves to turn Intensely respectable, and wed Mad Margaret, an erratic damsel whom his crimes have driven mad. This finale includes a madri gal, a gavotte, and a duet, which are amongst the finest things Sullivan has ever written. The whole ends with a rollicking chorus and dance that brought down the house. The second act takes place In the picture gallery at Ruddygore. Hera we find Robin no longer mild and bashful, but loud and truculent as becomes the " bad Bart." For thirty-fire yean I've been sober and wary— My favorite tipple came straight from a dairy— 1 kept guinea-pigs and a Belgian canary— A squirrel, white mice, and a small black and I played on the flute, and I drank lemon squashes— I wore chamois leather, thick boots and macintoshes, Atd things that will some day be known as goloshes. The type of a highly respectable man ! For the rest of my life I abandon propriety- Visit the haunts of Bohemian society. Waxworks, and other resorts of impiety. Placed by the moralists under a ban. My ways muet be those of a regular eatyr. At carryings-on I must be a first- rater— Go night after night to a wicked theavter— It's bard on a highly respectable man ! Well, the man who haa spent the first half of his tether On all the bad deeds you can bracket together. Then goes and repents—in his cap itfi a feather- Society pets him as much as it can. It's a comfort to think, if I now go a cropper, I shant, on the whole, have done more that's im proper Than be who was once an abandoned tip-topper. But now is a highly respectable man! ' . Unfortunately the crimes Robin commits are not wicked enough to satisfy his ances tors, who descend from their picture frames at midnight, and headed by the spe cially atrocious Sir Roderick (Rnthven's uncle), call him to account. A blood curdling ballad by Six Roderick (as senior ghost) signalises the spectre's advent. This is the opening verse:— When tfce night wind howls In the chimney cowls, and the tat in the moonlight flies. And inky dond^lflte funeral shroods, sail orer the When the footpads qpaQ at the night-bud's wan, and blank dogi cay at the moon, lien is the spectre* holiday-then is the shorts' high BOOUI CBORTS— Ha! ha! Then is the ghosts' high-noon! The dialogue between the ghosts and their liapless descendant is genuinely humorous. Robin at last agrees to abduct Boh Maybud, but owing to a blander bis retainers carry off old Dame TTanmA, j The latter is in a fine frenzy and frightens the young man so that he calls on bis ancestor Sir Roderick for help. Sir Roderick rises half way through the floor in clouds of red fire, but instead of the dame being frightened she recognises him as her old lover, " Roddy-doddy," and persuades him to " come up " for a talk. The piece ends with an opportune dis covery on Robin's part:— Rob.—l can't atop to apologise—an idea has just occurred to me. A baronet of Ruddygore can only die through refus ing to commit his dafly crime. Hod. —Ho doubt. Rob. —Therefore, to refuse to commit a daily crime is tantamount to suicide! Rod.—lt would seem no. Rob —But suicide is itself a crime—and so, by your own showing, you ought none of you to have ever died at all! Rod.—l see—l understand! We are all practically alive! Rob.—Every man jack of yon! Rod.—My brother ancestors! Down from your frames ! (The Ancestors descend.) Yon believe yourselves to be dead—you may take it from me that you're not, and an application to the Supreme Court is all that is necessary to prove that you never ought to have died at all! (The atuxslors endn-ace the bridesmaids.) Enter Richard and Rose, also Despsxd and Margaret. Rob.—Rose, when yon believed that I was a ?""pl? fanner, 1 believe you loved me? Rose—Madly, passionately! Rob. —But when I became a bad! baronet, you very properly loved Richard instead? Boss—Passionately, madly 1 Rob.—But if I should turn out not to be a bad baronet after all, how would you love me then? Rose—Madly, passionately! Rob.—As before ? I Rose—Why, of course! Rob.—My darling ! (They embrace.) The notable vocal pieces in the second act include a charming ballart, "Grant thon my prayer," for Rose; an old English air with the refrain, " Sing hey, Laekaday," for Dame Hannah ; a patter trio, " So it really doesn't matter" (three times encored), for Robin, Despard, and Mad Margaret; and a whimsical duet for the last-named pair, "They were the victims of circumstances." Of the acting of " Ruddygore" 1 need only say it was as good as the effort* of the world-famous company and Mr. Gilbert's drilling could make it. Mr. Grossmlth does not fit the parts of either Robin or Sir Rutfcven over well, but Mr. Rutland Barrington, whether in the character of the wicked Sir Despard or the reformed Rev. Despard is scream ingly funny. The triumphs par excel lence of Saturday were, however. Miss Jeuie Bond's Mad Margaret and Mr. Dorward Ijely'e man-o'-wars-man, Richard Dauntless. The latter acted with extra ordinary vivacity, and his constant references to bis ?? honest 'cart?' for guidance in contemplated rascalities evoked shouts of laughter. "My 'cart, it says to me, it says, 'Dick, my boy' (it calls me Dick 'cos it's known me since I was ababby"X or ("It calls me Dick 'cos we was at school tergether"), or (" it calls me Dick 'cos its entitled to take that familiarity"), &c; Equally quaint are the chorus of "en dowed fartf trnniMfi" whooa tfa* faintest eympton of love-making between any f?ii on tt? etage, pfee* titfr bands be* hind them like charity school girls, and bunt shrilly into Bail to the bridegroom—bail the bride, let the mipt&d; hoot be tied. Mr. J. C. Williamson has, I am informed, the colonial rights of ** Roddygore," which will be produced in Melbourne forthwith. 