MALDON AND LAANECOOBIE RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR OP THE TARRANGOWER TIMES. g^ When a column and a quarter of your space is occupied under an old and threadbare heading, one naturally expects something new, or at least matter pertinent to the subject. How disappointing then to read "Loddon Valley's" long tirade of abuse in the vain endeavour to extract therefrom even one little grain of gold. Smug self-complacency, unalloyed vanity, unblushing cfirontery, there are in abundance- but common sense, argument or facts arc conspicuous only by their absence. 'Tis tie lawyers' old, old game, no ciBe, abuse tie other side, mayhap some of the innd maystiefc. In his own estimation, no Oidinary mortal is " Loddon Valley;" in his om little circle a diamond of the first water; tke chosen mouthpiece of the Marong Shire Council; a very dragon-of the earth before whose shrine all else bow down and worship. Spurning with contumely the language of these degenerate latter days, his poetic soul soars far into the regions of the past, and returns dressed in the guise of a meiiffiv&l; knight, his lance the words of learned (?) length and thundering sound of tioldsmiths schoolmaster. Metaphorically slain a dozen times, without meeting even one of the charges levelled at him by " Anti- Humbng," he yet assumes his opponent dismantled, claims a victory, and Alexanderlike sighs for more worlds to conquer. Can it be, Dr. Editor, that there is truth in tbe old Pythagorean doctrine, and that the mad knight of La Mancha is with ua in the fleshconfident in his own prowess, heedless of reverses is yet willing to tilt with all and sundry ! Or is it some strange combinatioB of Captain Bohadil and Sir John FalstafT that has escaped from its keeper and is roaming about seeking whom it may devour? Not so fast, noble spirit! A few ton^'h morsels yet remain for your digestion. "The L.V. League has approved of the .scn ey.' 1 " Indeed ! How graciously condescending upon the part of the "worthy clique ! "Conserve the interests of the great majority." How and when? Is the great majority the majority of one in the Marong Shire Council? How audicious of Mr. Appleton to solicit the support of interested councils, whose aid had previously been ^unsuccessfully wooed hy the Shelbourne "•three!" " Useless opposition of Maldon Shire." Happy the prophet whose gaze can pierce the mists of far Futurity! " Government furnished with all available information before the line was scheduled." Perhaps so; but was the available information sufficient. Apparently not when many months were afterwards spent in expensive surreyiu". Say rather that it was thus scheduled by a weak and tottering Government to placate an-influential supporter. When a^ain brought before the House, was uot the 7 mile deviation purposely added to the schedule to secure its passage through the Legislature, it being an open secret that without this deviation it had not the ghost of a cluince of becoming law ! As a drowning tuan catches at straws, see how eager is I*. V. to add the rich parish of Laanecoorie to his side of the question, quite ignoring the fact that a memorial in favour of the western route has been signed by 90 per cent of tke residents of that district. If the title " Loddon Valley League" be so apt and appropriate as L.V. would have us believe, how is it that he admits it to be only a nont de plume? Perhaps he' will favour the public with tile name of one red resident of the Loddon Valley from Maldon to Newbridge who is a member of this league. Then how proudly he strcts out his knowledge of the definitions in geometry, little thinking of tlie exposure of his logic, or ratiier want of it. " We maintain, Jkc." Exactly so, Throughout " L.V." maintains and asserts wnch, but proves nothing. The advocates of the western route do not thus constitute themselves their own judge and jury, but from the first,. secure in the justice of their case, have been willing to leave the whole matter to those who have been appointed by the I .legislature to decide such questions, the Railway Commissioners, and accept their decision without caviL These gentlemen examined both lines from start to finish, took all available evidence, even saw the eastern route school children parade for their inspection, every available rustic rooted out, Sandhurst influence brought down in loads, were feasted and fed as against the simple merits of the western note unassisted by preparation, and yet their decision is that the western route is the best for the country and people interested. "L.Vs." assertions to tie contrary notwithstanding. But of course the vox populi that" ItV." rants about would far sooner have his disinterested opinion than that of Speight & Co., whose only ambition is to make the railways pay, and not to resuscitate the fallen fortunes of any private individual or company. Oh, what a bitter pill is tiiiB to swallow " L.V." 1 Passing strange it seems that if the western route is so black as " L.Y." paints it, that Dunolly, Tamagulla, Tullaroop, Bet Vet, Maldon, and Castiemaine Councils, Railway Commissioners, and four out of the nine councillors of Marong should support it—these latter, the ones most interested, likewise, as against a small clique iu Shelbourne, backed up by strong Sandhurst influence. To place the matter "in a nutshell, the question is not really an eastern or western route, but, shall it be a great through line, the outlet for the produce of the north-wet, or shall it be twisted round • for the sole benefit of Sandhurst, as advocated by Shelbourne ? How vindictive are the remarks about Mr. Tupper, who never st any time favoured the route advocated by " L.V.," Cousins' corner, the just and natural terminus for all parties, having always had his wannest support. Surprise has been expressed that Mr. T. has not re plied to tiie ungenerous accusation, refutation of which would have been easy. Doubt- less he regards them with the contempt they deserve—"as a giant looks down and pityingly smiles at the futile attack of puny ant upon his boot heeL" Mr. Glen roundly rated. Why! Simply because he has this supreme impertinence to have a. niind of his own and the courage to express his convietions, despite the efforts of the aforesaid "great majority of one." Truth rod justice must and. shall prevail, says "L.Y." Amen! So say land all of ns;' and if so, dear " L. V.," insert the mortuary notice of tile eastern route at once, .and a?Pend the magic letters RXP. With, apologies for the length of this, my first and last communication, and a hope that it may | secure early insertion, I am, yours, &c.; A BRUTAL SAXON. [This correspondence must now cease.—E D T.T.\ 