Australian Tales and Adventures. So. 15.. A STRANGE STORY. > X — By R. P. WHITWOHTH. The story I am alnut to relate is a one. fa it tone? J 'do not know. Judged from the stand point of every flay espnrif nee, I ehouid say that it is impossible ih.it :t;coii!'L have happened, and yet, marvellously end totally unaccountablo as it seems and is to mo, I cacnot bnt believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. H is one of tho?e thinge which cannot bo explained, and vthich will not be explained away. We live our visible life, 88 it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable frulfp, that behind ub bting the irrevocable past, and that before, the m ecnuable fature. What these golfs contain, what ie called tho unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tells ue nothing about. Do. then, tho disembodied spirits of the dead ever roturu to earth. L?t my story tell what I think, and cannot bat believe. Many, very many years ago, when I waa a young man, little more than a youth in feet, jaat come from England Jo eeek my fortune in this fair land of Australia, 1 had made up my mind to beeomo what was the summit of bo many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim "Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about tho Bsmo nge an my- Bclf, and I waa deeply ottaohed to hitn, ns he was to me. We had been at school end col lege together," and I mention this latter to Bhow that wo wera both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition ana fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attached to er.nh other, a cbeo of DaSfen and Pythias, or Orestea and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. fe We bad come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good and ill. Wo had heard and read in Kngland of tho froo wild life of the cattle king?, of the bound'esa'plaine, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the hind o! thvj Southern Cros?, and our hearts swelled high with licpo th.t't we too, Home day, should become, ao they were, lords of the soil. Bat to become iquatters, it wan necessary for us to know something shout equaling. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters ol intrctiuation, and acting on tho advise of a gentlemen who had known Jim'a father, v?e determined, before venturing into a bnsinesa of which we knew nothing, to go, for a_ time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep wo would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not suit our ideas. It was too tamo a kind o£ thing for us. It lacked the epico of romance attendant npon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong flopping through the crashing timber, and down Btony defiles and t-teep gullica, the earopiug out be neath the giant Riirn trees in the sojjinn bash, thecraekingstoeRwhipB.theeabbr.ge-trcehetB, tho bluo shirts, tho brocehos r.ntl boots, and the other gloriea that render the life o! a stockman so desirable—on paper. TheiaCoro, on a cattle station would .wo go. There wag no grent difintolty in the matter. Tfcera were plenty of squatters who woald willingly take na on their runs, end " break ua in " — Ioi a consideration, of course. Ona of these offers we accepted. It was on the Etation of a gentleman named Macgregor, a cauny old Sootchtnan, which wae Bituated on the upper part of tha Goulburn river in Vic toria, and . which- embraced sorno Eeventy thousand acres of good open forest country, oarrying about eiyht thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in tight down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly cay that wo euoceeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Macgregor was a rigid ana exact ni?n, .who would have bis work dona thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, wo, ere long, were turned out really good buebmen. So much bo that after wo hed been with the old gentleman a little, over two years, he pro posed to ns that we should take the sole charge ol tho ctation during a visit which ho proposed to take to the old country. Nothing could have suited us better. Young, ardeat, our own masters, with work that wo took a delight in, we jumped at tho offer, and ere another month, ho had departed on his home trip, and wo were metalled in the large comfortable honsa o! pur employer, practi cally " bosses " of tho situation, and certainly, monarchs oi all we surveyed, for the nearest houso waa Carfrsc's, over tho ranges soma twenty miles away. o arhonse, as wo considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandaii round three sides. It stood on the I crown of a swelHc;-? down that formed tho home pad'lockj and that sloped away a small creek that formed one of tho ntll'icnt3 of tho Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five milea away, and that shut in the view to tha north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally ac " Macgtvg'ir'e Gnpj" and be ing the solo means of communication that existed between our peaeaful valley and the feverieh world-nrhosu hoart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of tho house waa closed, for there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly use. Wβ each had a bedroom, eniered from the front verandah, and our common BiUing and dining room lay between the two and was as well our oflbe, smoking-room, library, and musio-room, for Mr. Msegregor had a good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the ass of Tiis two daughters, who had accompanied him homo. Our household consisted solely of our two eelvcs, Aleo. P/iyne, the head stockman, who slept over tho stables, an ugly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg who cooked and did for ue generally, who lived somewhere, in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly Bkm to the " Maister," and tyrannised ovor ua accordingly, nnd a oingularly handfome eolley elnt named Fly, who'located in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her ow " BW£ct Y ' m and R ?vtr?ipn plossuro. The station hands had their huts at con mderable distance?, and we rarely saw nny of then, except when they came to tha house for I rations, or on other business. ' I _ Halcyon daye, indeed, were those wo parsed ! in the sof r, sweet Australian spring. Fi?hinc in the Goulburn, shootin.r in tho hills, roomg on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to kcop u 9 from rusting, who couldhavel) E enhappierthr.cJ;ickAUeyne that I was mjreslf, and Jim WVbb. tho managers ? and residents of the < up Station. j Bnt our timn or unalloyed hacninoje wae ! not to last. Tho black* took to ?per.rina our cattle. \\\ hy they d:d it wo couM not tf 11, for ' we had fthvr.ys Srcit,-d tho f~,v who had ehown ? up on the r;::i with the ntmsst kiudnc:?. ; V.here they cim; from rv eouU cot oni-'e. ! tare, for tb.ro t ; -.-o nar.o belong liV to o::r i-.r.r.i autc n;!-hbcurhooJ. None, ?n f V : =! 53 y .-car.r t h-. :i tl* ' uirr;:r.i izib't of < ;:i-n-!'.r.l. Tt:}*rei? fac-i us'scd ?.?.i?hsiTCU3enc3?;li ' we know, but we could not imagine that they would Jeevie their native haunts co-far "Bway the southward, and cross the all but inac cessible fastnessee of tbo main range to dona an injury. We cosld not account for their presence, wo could find no reason for their acts, unless, indeed, they were somo wander-, ing tribe who had been badly need by the white man eomowhero, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foo alike. Bnt there was tbo unmistakable faot. Wβ were first made aware ot it by Alec, our head Btockman, riding up to tho house in hot haste one forenoon with the intelligence. Ho had, so ho informed us, been out to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them- up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of onr choicest breed. Tho blacks had carried off sotno of the flesh, and had left the rest to" tho hawk 3. Was ho sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There vr&a; no mistake abont that, for ho had Been the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house m fast as he conld, to see what was to be done. , What was to bo done? Ah 1 that waa a poper. . Find the marandihg scoundrels. .Just bo. But where to find them ? Where to look for them ? They wero miles away, no doubt, gone tkia way or thai, who conld tell ? It waa our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our couneele, sat up late that night diecussing the matter, al though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. Wβ might as well have Eaved ourselves the trouble. Do what we oould, ride to and fro on the run, early and Inte, as we might, we never could coma across them. Had wo had native traokers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have a wonderful instinct, and a naturnllove for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in traokfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even tho3o of his own tribe, but so it is—but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with tho bu?beraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilciH ferconosaliag themselves and eluding pursuit. Bat ot their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of iresh outrages. Kot content with slaughtering en occasional beast for foodi they hud, sa is their wont, laken to ppeariog our cuile indiBoriiainp.,tflT, and for phcerlove ol bloodfhcd. Vi'ho couUi tall hovf soon they, treacherous and .vindictive ca they were, would fly at biiiher guuie, and would tako to killing hnmaa ns well an cattle. At all events v,o went continually armed, wo and the stockman too, , with revolvers, and ehould doubtless have given good necount cf some of them, could we have found tasm, which as I have ssid, wa could tut. Then for a timo came a cessation of hostilities, as it wero. They seemed to have quitted our part o' the country for wo had do farther n'.&mis;, aud wore just beginning to congratulate- ourselves in Luvirg got rid of our troublesome- visitor?, when almost eininl tahcou=-ly we hc.ui'i of no fewer thft'.i ihice fine young'V.c-.vleJcitCc bang fonnd slaughtered in widely different parts o{ the run. We were at our wH : s cud, but clearly something must ba done, end r.t once. Tttis kind of thing couiii not bo permitted to go on. But haw to lire-rent it! Why the wretches had ejected to commit their deprecb.tiong on our run, or -whether they had fcxiendcd them to ether partrf of the district we did not kr.ow. Aguin we held a council of v.ar, and a-jnin we felt out3elvee powcrlfsi to copa with tkg evil. Wα felt certain that the biack3 wcro about in force, buC-whether they were camped in the cense bneh 'that barriered* our run, or. whether, as was most likely, they had their heid quaik-ro in the rugged mountain rangea to the north ward ot v?, we were unable to e&y.; It is aa cortain however that they were not located on the run, ii 3, hsd they been, we should hnvc been sure to have fallen in with the marks*of their fire?, it not with tho ruins of their wurlayg of br.ir.c!ic3 of bark. Wo tat late in th-3 nir,ht without having atrivud ct any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had oppressed his determination to ride ovor to Carirae'a the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best bo done. Perhaps that was the bo3t thing after all, for Mr. had baen a long tima in the colony, nnd might reasonably bo supposed to be batter acquainted with the habit 3 of the savage tribes, and the best method of dealing with thora thau we. Still, I felt a etraoge, find (altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim 30. A fiiugular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shape nnd n-hioh eluded ray mental grasp at tha same time aa it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prcpfjod for a start, ridiculing my grouudlcas fears and attempt 3 te induce him not to venture. His argument wan unaaswer ablo " Oar plain duty 13 clear," ha said, " wo have already lost something liko a scoro of our prime cattle, we have- been totally unable to put stop to tho mischief, and unless wo tako somo decided step there is no telling what the "result will bo." I could not contradict thia, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much aa possiblo in opon country, "Never fear," ha replied cheerfully, " I am well armed, and the black saoundrels havo too wholesome a terror of tho white inan'a thunder and lightning to venture within oooey of mo." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I caw him tighten big girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the grassy stretch of che homo paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him until ha was out of sight, shading my eyes with my band, from the bright raya of the morning aun, and then I turned into the house with something like a Mgb, determined to -drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing lono letters home. Iv vain, the inspiration would not onmo. I blundered and bungled through my corree pondenr-.o for two hours or moro, and then gave ie up in disgust. I was ever hauntodby the Bhadow of a namaleaa, formless fear a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellerson tho Threshold" of which wo read, I had no dia tinct comprohcnsioD, but which was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, tho silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-byo, lulled by the I.iint bat ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumber. My dreams, if dreams they conld be oslled were, as my waking thoughts had been, *? without form and void;" yet dimly shadowerod by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, but all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so in eipressibly sad, that it seemed to tarn my very blood to ice. I awoke wrth a start, anfl went out at the open door. Aa I stepped out npon the verandah, Fly, our collie deg came whining and crouching to my feet, and crouched tremblingly behind mc, as if m mortal terror. At the earae moment my eyes ware blasted with a new Gorgon. Camiag elowly up the pith, not twenty yards from mc, acd glidlns rather than walking, wa3a /Vw, ihgform of my c-vjiui, Jim Wshb. whes* I h.vl swn start fo; ( arfrso'e some hour* bc!oie. Va\o it !:vi.Jr.c?. tbftdovy, ethercil. with a look of pv.a ca his crilwhiie b.w.lKc? .Vβ, sad c crimson blotch ot blood welling bom a deep gash in his breast. / I stood as if turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to spoak, powerless, almost, to think. Was 1 still dreaming? No. There ho was, plainly palpable before roe. I felt my eyea dilate, I felt ruy hair stiffen on my head. I felt my heart throb as if it would bnrst, and still all I could do was to gazo entranced and spell-bound in eilent, nameless horror. My broath came fast and thick, and as it camo nearer and still nearer, with a supremo effort I gasped rather than spoke " Jiml" The form waved its hand in the'direction of tho gap, a smilo Epread'over the enguished countenance, and then it slowly zneked into air. .?".-" Was I then mad ? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was surely enough to have driven mc so. 1 waa as sane as lam now.' What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. I toll you I saw it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came tho reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that, ldidknow.it, I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and holies?, contk-39, as I was, gallopped down the homo paddock. Where was I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on ths perpatratbra of tuia foul deed, for that a foul deed had been done I knew only foo well. I headed for tha rocky bluffe that formed thn Cfip, and bathed in perspiration, and with tho hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across tho intervening down. Did! thinkof daugar, of death perhaps, to myself? No, lVivenge! Bivangel Soon I reached the Gap. All still, all silent.'. The grim walls hammed mo in on cither hand, but told mo nothing. Deeper and deuper into the gloomy defiio I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save tho clatter end ring of my horse's iron shod hoofs over the rough boulders, I dismounted, and slowly led!my horso over tho rugged track for it wns un safe to ride. More diamal, more wildly soli-, tary grow the seeno, a quarter of b mile, halt a mile, a mile, and then— At last. There he lay. Yes, thc-ro he lay. All there waa loft of him. Of my friend, ol dear, truo hearted, handsome Jim. Dead! Dead! Alas! Alas ! Djadt Dead 1 Killed.by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading his horse, through tho defile. A spoar thrust which entering hia back, had coma out at his breast, and had cleft his heart in. twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smilo on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, ac if in mockery of my unutterablo woe. Do I feel Bhftme in Baying that the tears fell hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold, faoe, that my kisses wero impressed an.' Itiat. life!o93 hand, whiah ha 3 never bfifore.met inine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears uut seldom, but when he dots, they are, as it were, tearaof blood, . ? How long I stood looking wistfully into ths faoe of my dead friend I know pot. I felt my heart chrob almost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into cUjn unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven sent; relief to ray over charged feelings. The grim deiil?, tho bash, beyond, If at my feet, seemed to swim ioripil mc. All earthly things were blotted out, and 1 fell forward in o swoon, nmlall waa dark. But the awakening, oil! the awa'jer.iig , . ; But the awakening, phi thoawakening. > I found myeelf lying on a couch in ths; front room ot our house. I nwoke as jtftriiohc r bs after a heavy sleep nnd I knew nut where"' , ' I was. For a urns I lay, only partially oon-.i'i scions, yet still entirely conscious ol ueeing. .?? forms I knew around mc. Alec. Payne, Doctor Rao from the township, and a female with a : face strange to mc, stood round my bed. ""? I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemod to havo v; beep woven into a kind of inextricable con- : : i fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it Ml. back on tho counterpane, seemingly as heavy a3 lead. And then, 1 spoke, or rather, as it,?;.; seemed to mo, someone else appeared to speak mythonght, so weak and gasping waa tho, voice. ? . ':?';. "Where am I?" I asked. . . ; " Thank God," ejaculated the Doctor, " the ; worst is over. Mind and memory are return ing." . .. \ .-... ????.- ' -v;-:;-vV " For n time I lay still, .trying to think ot.'.-: the meaning of what he said, and then, as in ? an instant, the tide flowed. It all oame-baokU to mc. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feat. : ?. . ? ? ?.';?'. \,j I had a3 they told'me, been across the corpse of Jim in tho gap, found /by Alec. Payne, who had from a distance scon ma wildly in that direction, anil ' who, suspecting something was wrong, had , followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for day 3', ever since, but, thank " God, tho danger waspnHfc. As for the apparl- * tnn I had seen, Dr. Hie discoursed learnedly. ?? on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless—that at ? ' the time I saw it, or waa supposed to havo ; aeen'it, I wes under the influence of incipient, brain fever, induced by worry and work and tho trouble consequent on the ravages made on our atock by tho blacks. He persuaded mc that it was all fancy, imagination, the out aomo of a heat oppressed brain, all tho rest of it, by which scientists try to explain the un explainable. " ?- Perhaps ho waa right. I do not know,: common eenee would tell ma that he wa3' right, and that it was only in my own die turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no donbt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but for all that, I say, as Shake ppoare says. " There aro more things in Heaven and earth Iloratio ' : ' Than ever yon dreamt of in your philosophy." I aay with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welab, my cousin, nnd my heart's friend, as I have eaid before—l saw it. The decipherers of fte papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, hava learned from one of them tho exiotenoo o! a town in lower Egypt, alltraoo of wbioh seema to hava disappeared for the last 1,200 yeara. The document is a papyrus, a little oyer -ift. long by lit. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not giveD, butJProfes?ors Kara bacek and believe it belongs to tho early part of the sixth century. The bride groom was named Thoon, the bride Maria. She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future hueband en gages to 1 find for her food and olothuig, and everything suitable for '? an ordinary legit i mute wife.'V- There aro witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties i.tc de scribed as belonging to the town of Jiistisn opolia. Tho editors doclaro that they can find □o mentionof ; tliis place among any lists of the towns/cts., of Lower Egypt. Forty Varieties ofricc are grown in Bur nish, the latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. Theco range in hue from vfhita to black. Bunash alio produces ra&ny; other binds of edlMa praiss. one of which ii kuown ts Job's Tear?. Assorting ta l>r. Thcnia Moore t£si* pri'S derives tta r-ma ficni ths largo, icuod, chinsag bait it t'-.M-, hi wbtsh caa-.&s; 'Usoid tint r?;r.:Wai>.:c to t'Mj. I? oecti/a ia Jaiua as su tha A?i?tia feoaiinsnt. 51i " 