WIT. It is said of one fashionable young man that be never paid anything but a compli- ment. A man in Utah who bas only one wife is talked of as " comparatively speaking, a bachelor." " I do not desire wealth for itself," remark- 1 ed a philosopher. " No," replied a cynic ; "I suppose you desire it for yourself." Aunt : " Why have you broken off your ! engagement f" Niece : " Because he got it into his head that I intended to marry him. The witty man of the Middle Temple stu- dents said at a city chop house : *' I won't pay for steaks as tough as these ; no law can compel me ; they're not legal tender." The inventor of a machine that will darn socks, says :-" No married man ought to be without one." It is said that women dress extravagantly to worry other women. We are surprised. We always thought it was their husbands they had the grudge against. Of Mr. and Mrs. Grote, Sydney Smith said -" I like them, I like them ; I like him, he is so ladylike ; and I like her, she's such a perfect gentleman." " Oh, Ella," said Clara, " I think Lilly and j her beau have quarrelled." " Why," repUed Ella, " what makes you think so ? " " Well, her parlour has been brilliantly lit every evening this week." The sage says " there is too much of every- thing in the world." That ÍB so, but the great difficulty is to get hold of it. Old Gentleman (to small boy smoking a cigarette) : " Little boy, don't you know that a great many people die from smoking ciga- rettes ?" Small Boy : " Yes (puff), but many people (puff) die who (puff) don't smoke "Do you know what has become of that relation of yours who used to work for me ?" asked a gentleman of an Irish laborer. " No yer honour} but if yea is anxious to see him, Oi'll wroite to him an' ax bim to send me his addriss." A Stranraer farmer on his second visit to Glasgow is passing through St. Enoch Square when cabman hails him by putting hts finger to his hat. Farmer (running over to cab- man) : " What ie't ?" Cabman : " Do you wish a cab8ir?" Farmer: "No, no. I thocht you kent me." Little Nell: "I'm awful sorry for poor Nursie." Omaha Mamma : " Why, pet, yonr nurse looks well and happy." "But the angels won't know how good she is and maybe they'll make a mistake an* let her go to the bad place." " Mercy me ! What put that into your little head?" "Why, she says all her prayers in French.". . Mistress" (to new servant) : " We have breakfast generally about 8 o'clock." New servant : " Well, mum, if I ain't down to it, don't wait." An inquiring man thrust his fingers into a horse's mouth to see how many teeth it had, and the horse closed its month to see how many fingers the man had. The curiosity of each was fully satisfied. "I hope you will be lenient with me, your lordship," said the thief, as he stood up to be sentenced; "I have a good many dependent on me for their support." " Children P" ask- ed the judge. " No, police detectives." A clergyman married a couple the other day, received his fee and sent them away ap- parently satisfied ; buta short time afterwards the bridegroom returned and said he had come to pay more, as the woman had turned out, he was surprised to say, much better than he had expected. Wretches.-First Bon Vivant " Ton my. world, old man, I don't know which is the greatest joy-wine or woman. Both sparkle, but intoxicate." Second Do. : "But wine has this advantage, it improves with age. Wo- man doesn't." First Do: "Well, I don't know-she often gets just as cnsty." Some time back a man of notoriously bad character, residing in a village, wished to emi- grate. To obtain assistance from the Emi- gration Commissioner one must have a char- acter, and the man accordingly asked one from his neighbors. Everybody was anxious ; he should go, and everybody therefore testi-, ned to his excellent reputation. No one was more astonished at the result than thc man himself, and, after looking at his certificate, with its long list of signatures. " Well," said he, " I had no idea I was so much es- teemed in the neighborhood ; I think I shall stay." One of Detroit's best known evangelical ministers bas a half interest in a 4-year-old daughter. The other day she broke over the traces of discipline, and her mother sent her into a closet with the injunction to tell God all about what a naughty little girl she had been. At the expiration of her penance honr she Came forth very quietly, as if her discip- line had had a wholesome effect. "Well, little daughter," said the mother, "did you tell God all about it?" "Nb, mamma," was the reply; fl des didn't do jt, 'tauBe I fought say papa wouldn't like to let it dei out of the family." A practicable mother counselled her'son, when( he became of marriageable, age, with respect' tb'' " musical " young ladies, in this, wise :' " If the young lady manifests a prodi ieotíoúfor Strauss, she is frivolous ;for Beet hoven, she is unpractical.; for Liszt, she istfob' ambitious ; for Verdi, she is sentimental i for" Offenbar, she is'iriddy ;fór Gúunod,'shéis' lackadaieibàl -, for Gotfcsohalk; she ia superfi- ; cial ; for Mozart, phe is prudish ; for Plotow, . abe is'commonplace . ' The girl who hammers ?] away at 'A Maiden's Prayer," Anvil Chorus,*!] abd Silvery, Wave,' may be depended Upon as I a ; good ¡cóbk audi healthful, i But, best jot all; pin thou)thy faith on the oaUoo dress, of.-, the girl thal oanuot'pïay at all." ' " Ah, doctor, yon here ?" murmured Mr Rugefix, upon coming to herself after a fain ing fit. " I am indebted to you for my life. " Not your life, madam, replied the doctoi with a graceful bow, " but perhaps I hav helped you in another way. AU the wome: here declared you had fainted, but with you complexion, madam, the thing was absurd, therefore insisted that you were made uncon scious by a rush of blood to the head." Shoeblack: "I dossay you wouldn't be lieve it, Joe : but I polished the Grand Oh Man's boots this morning, wich he wasa-goin down to Westminster ; and he ses to me, hi ses, ' Jist work a little more gingerly hove: the bunions, my lad, for it seems as 'ow thal 'ere's a werry 'orrid, 'ard, stiff brush ol yourn.' * Lord bless yer,* ses J, * it's one ol the accomtnerdatmist brushes as heyer wen1 accrost a genelman's trotter-cases. Why. it's made of real Irish bog bristles, it ie.' ' Bless my soul !' ses he, ' is it ?' ' Gospel truft.' ses I. ' Well, then,' ses he, ' I must have been mistook. The bloomin' brush must be all right. It's mv confounded feet as is in fault-hincourse ! ' "Are you well acquainted with your mother tongue, my boy?" asked a school teacher of a new scholar. "Yes, sir," an- swered the lad timidly, " Ma jaws me a good deal, sir." Miss Maud Howe, in a letter to the Boston " Transcript," asks why is it that "tho first instinct of a woman on arriving at a strange place is to go and buy something?" The question is, of course, unanswerable-as much so, perhaps, as this question : .' Why is it the first instinct of every man on arriv- ing at a strange place to go and take some- thing?" Did any careful scientist even compute the number of revolutions a particularly ob- noxious fly can make at times round the bead of a man when very busy ? The Queen's Jubilee was to be honoured at the village of Olovenfords, Scotland, by the institution of a "Jubilee Pump." From a jocular point this lookB like throwing cold water on the happy event. "I have a model wife," said a farmer. " Let a cat die near our house, and the first thing you know Mary Jane would have a muff and set of furs, and Fd begin to find mince pies on the dinner table." " And how is your husband to-day, Mrs. Garmichael P " queried the minister on his rounds of the wife of one of his parishioners. " Well, puir Jook, he's no sae well the day. Te see he's a taryibbie martyr to delirium trim/mine- something the same as the rheu- matism !" " Poor John-he was a ama ana xoroeai ing husband ! " nobbed John's widow, on he return from the fanerai. "Yes." said sympathising neighbour ; "but it is all fo the best. You must try to comfort yourseli my dear, with the thonght that your hus band is at peace at last." The question " Does drink ever advanc one's happiness P " would seem to be pnt ti rest by the Irishman who went courtrai when drunk, and when asked whrt pleaser* he found in whisky, replied, " Oh, Nelly, it': a trate entirely to see two of your swat« purty faces instead of one." Three different waiters at a Southen Hotel, asked a little, prim, precise Harvare professor at dinner, in quick succession if h< would have soup. A little annoyed he eaic to the last water who asked : " Is it compul sory?" "No, sab," answered our friend and brother, " no, sah ; I think it am moot turtle." Coal-dealer: "Where's John?" Driver: " He stayed up to Mr. Brown's." Coal- dealer "Why on earth did he do that? Doesn't he know we're short-handed?" Driver: "] suppose he does, sir ; but he said he was weighed in with his load, and he had an idea he belonged to Mr. Brown." Jack (backward in hts grammar) : " Papa, what part of speech is a woman?" Papa (fresh from a verbal engagement with mam- ma, in which he bas been badly wersted) : " She isn't any part of speech at all, Jack ; she is the whole of it." At the Swanborough benefit, Mr. Lionel Brough told the following story, brought fro m America for the event. It ran somewhat after this fashion : " Boys," said an Irishman who was about to give up the ghost in the pre- sence of his sorrowing chums: "Boys, I'm going away from ye, but I've left a hundred pounds for ye to spend in drink on the day of my funeral." "Good luck to ye, Pat," said the boys ; " we'll bury ye daeeutly, and we'll spend the money coming home, and drink to your memory." " Be jabera," said the moribund Pat, "listen to me now; will ye plaise have the drinks going, bekase I sha'n't be wid ye coming home. A presiding elder of the United Brethren out ita Minnesota, preaching to a strange con- gregation was much annoyed by some of the young folk talking and laughing during the service. He paused, looked at the disturb- ers and said:-"I am always af raid to reprove those who misbehave in church. In the early part of ministry I made a great ; mistake. . _AsJI. was preaching a jojing man who sat just before me was constantly laugh- ing, talking, '.and making uncouth 'grimaces. I paused and administered a saveré rebuté. After the olote of the service one of the official' members ? came ' andi said 'to me,5 ' Brother -, yott made la i great mistake. That young man whom you rebuked is an idiot.' Since then Iliave always been afraid to reprove those who misbehave themselves in church lesfc I should repeat that mistake, and reprove another idiot." During the rest of that service at least there was good order.; MI Almost every rich man seems to have be- i trun life by working fdr five shitlinga a week, v Those, were small wagès, but a .good deal more .than some of them honestly earned, ] perhaps ' 