CHAPTER V. Billy Bowes' Tale Concluded.— The Tombstone.— The second Inscription. — Providing for the Future.— At Ballarat—The Golden Yankee. Is it a Ghost? AtTKit a short pause, Billy began again in the nasid drawl which was habitual to him, but u'hich he had abandoned when he came to the more pathetic passages of llie story. ' Wa-al — ' said he, 'When the boys heard the truth of the case there was a rare shine, and it was generally agreed lhat il 'ud be a fair thing lo siring up them gamblers ; but bless yer, they knowed lob much to wait, and, when 'we come lo look for 'cm, we found they'd cleared out directly after the execution. When Selh was let go, which was not till the followin' mornin', he didn't say much — anight in- the bonds had quietened him no's nobody hardly knowed him. He only axed what they'd done with hispardncr's body, and when he was shown the grave, he jest sot down on it and motioned. the boys off. After a day.ur two he commenced to go about agin as usual, but not makin' no row — he was, so to say, deadly quiet, and them as knowed him al lowed he was twice as dangerous as in the old lime when he was rowdy and rampagious. He'd go up lo a bar and stand there ilrinlrin' for hours, all by himself,- never lakin' no notice of nobody, unless any strangers was present, and with them he'd- be pretty free, axin' all manner of questions, 3-tryin to find out what had become of the gambling crowd. One day someone asked him what he intended to do if he met any of those fellers. He didn't reply, he only jest smiled ; but sech -a smile! Re volvers and bowie-knives was lurking in every wrinkle- in it. So it come lo be generally understood that Soth intended to make it ? pretty lively for Hawkins's mates when he kcni across .'cm. After awhile a marble mon nyment kem up from 'Frisco, and Seth had it put up over ISluenose's grave. Some of the boys was rather riled at the inscription, which set forth as how Bluenose had been murdered by Lynch law, but nobody cared to interfere, and I don't suppose Seth ever heard anything about it. Not that he'd 've cared — it was of no arlhly consideration to him what any man said or thought about him, and it's my belief he'd 've shot down the President of the United Slates if he'd caught him mcddlin' with lhat tombstone.' - In old times Selh uscn't lo bust himself by too much work ; now he was at it mornin'; noon; and night, and the gold he got from his- claim' was something marvellous. Well, one day when the coach come in from 'Frisco,' there gctsdown off of the box-seat a foreigh-lookin' cove, with thick black beard 'and moustaches: Selh was a-slandin' by, and no sooner did that feller touch the ground than Seth had him by the throat, 'and threw him on his knees. Some of the by- slanders, thinkin' Scth was gone mad, rushed up, and was a-goin' to lay holt on him, when he jerks ' off the stranger's hat, and tears his hair and heard all off in one lump. Then everybody recognised one of the gamblers, nnd nobody thought itjWprth'whilq to interfere.) The poor wretch set up scrcamin' awful, while Seth was coolly :cockin' his revolver. ''But he 'didn't i shoot — after a minute Jie fetched the gambler a kick— 'Git up,'sez he, 'you shall have a fair trial, and it you're found guilty we'll hang yer finite comfortable on BhiehoseV tree) and with the ' self-sanu rope — I've kcol iu ? : a-purpus.' ; The . .: boys % was reg'lar tickled by this notion, and a Court was summonsed at; once. . The pro ccedin's didn't - last long, .for. Bluenose's confession had satisfied everybody that the gamblers had lied, and before nightfall one of liis murderers had gone under. The itcxL day Scth set to work and sculpt on the tombstone under Bluenose's name—' Sacred also -to lite memory ofjolm Sloney, hanged for the above mentioned murder.'' — That was the only: one ,ofthc miudcrcrs as ever, turned .up -at Demi ? man's Mat, but I hcerd afterwards that three more inscriptions went up on thai tombstone, so that prob'bly. Selh got quits with them in some fashion or oilier. There . was jest one oilier feller left, but I never hcerd whether Sclh lound him oul.or not ; anyway his name didn't figure on the tombstone iu my time When Deadmnn's Mat got pretty well worked out, Seth went off somewhere else, and I lost the run of.him for Ihrce or |our years. It was iu , 'Frisco that I next heard of him.. One day :1 happened to meet two ur three fellers as had worked in the next claim lo me on the Flat, nnd natcrally we. got lalkin' over old times. ? What do you think about SetU Uaiuel'i little gnme ??' 6'. one on 'cm. I said I'd ne-.vr hi!crd nolliin' at all. aboul that iudividooal lui years; and then he up and told me as how Scth was the talk of the whole town. It appeared '..he'd made an awful ' pile at the digfjin's, an' come down to 'Frisjowilhabank account as long as my arm.1 Now what docs thai extrV-r'nary critter do ?f In course he has a spree — not one of the good old sort, but a savage, melancholy kind o' spree, all to himself. He wallxes around all the kens in 'Frisco for some , days, drinkin' like; mad,' and' fightin' whenever he. gels/ the chance:; and gamblin' and winnin' money like as the devil was at his elbow. Suddenly he knocks; it all off, and walks into the bank where his money was. ' How much stands lo my credit 'i ' he axes. , He.wastolda litlle bettcr'n a. hundred. Ihou- . sand dollars. With that he axes to sec the manager, and hands him a paper makin' over the money in trust, all but a couple of thou sand wot he kep'jfur himself. He then scoots, leavin' no trail; and nobody knowed where he was gone. 'The paper,' sez the cove as was a-ieliin' me of all this, 'was the curousest dockyment ever you hecrd tell off. It was all; right and rcglar, bein' drawed up by a lawyer. It said as how fifty thousand dollars was to be made.pver to Bluenose's widdcr and children ! which was only proper, as Blucnosc was his pardner, and mebbe saved his life ; but what call he had to purwide fur the others licks me.' — ' Wot others ?' scz I. — 'Jest Hawkins and Stoney, and that crowd,' sez the man from the Flat ; ' he's bin and made over ten thousand a-piece to the families of those cusses, so's they shouldn't come to want by his means.' — ' But there was only five of 'em, and that only makes ninety thousand,' sez I ; 'who got the other ten?' — 'Ah, that was the ciirouscst bit of the lot,' scz he; 'the otter ten was to be held in trust fur the next o' kin of the other gambler wot got away.' — 'Had he killed him then ? ' I axed. — ' Nary bit he aint killed him,' was the answer, 'bufhc calkilalcd he'd -wipe' him out some day, and so made purwision for the future.' — Now Iherc was style ! What do you think of that fur an aristocrat ?' asited Billy, turning to the company. ' It strikes me your friend Soth Harnet wil' end by getting hanged himself,' said Arthur, who had been much interested in the story, which had lost nothing from Billy's quaint manner of telling it. 'I guess you don't know Seth,' replied Bill}-— ' However I aint done with him yet. When the diggin's broke out in Australia J. come over with the fust lot from California, and after a few ups and downs, I fetched up at Ballarat. Who do you think I should meet tlierc bul my noble Seth ! a-cloin' it up grand and kickin' up a rare dust He'd been round evcrywheres, and cvcrywhcrcs he went he'd only got lo drop a pick into the ground and it 'ud strike gold. He was that lucky folks thought he was in league with (he devil, am' he gol the nickname of the 'Golden Yankee.' Me an' him had a rare good time, for I was flush, and he was as free with his cash as a prince, and seemed to have got over his doldrums, for he was as rowdy as ever, though p'raps not quite so jolly. ' One day I axed liim if he'd ever mel that other gambler feller. — D'reclly I did it I was sorry, for a .shadder seemed to pass over his face, and he ground his teeth as he muttered: 'Not yet!' — I did'nt pursoo the subject, and we parted soon after. The ncxl mornin' he was . gone — vamosed in his usual 'manner, without ne\cr a word to nobody. I guess my question had reminded Jiini of that gambler and he'd put out after the poor devil.' 'That was the lasl heard of him?' asked Arthur.. 'The very lasl,' replied Billy — 'From that ' day lo this I never set eyes on him. — (Josh!' and he started from Ihc stool on which he was sitting and stared, with a frightened look in his eyes, down the gully. ' What on earth is the matter ?' asked Arthur. 1 Matter ?' stammered Billy — ' as true as I am a livin' man, I see that Selh Harnet a walkin' right past the door. — Lsastways if.it wasn't him, it was his ghosl,' he continued iu an awe-struck lone, still peering out into ihc gathering gloom. Billy so evidently believed what he had said lhat no one ventured to doubt lain, anil, the harmony of the evening being effectually disturbed, the meeting broke up. Said Tolsy to her mother, as she was being tucked up in her litlle bed : '1 think 1 should love thill Golden Yankee, Mamma ; wouldn't . you?' Which proves' that the liltle lady. skis. very human, after all. 