A Nun's Ghost. Innumerable are the stories told at home and abroad of hidden treasures discovered by super- natural means. Germany is particularly rich in legends of this sort. A curious case has occurred there just lately, as we learn from a recent number of the Norddeutche Allgemeine Zeitung, which copies the particulars from the Lcipscgcr Tagblatt. In the little market town of Gehofen, near Mansfield, in Prussian Saxony, there was dug up in the month of January last, a large quantity of gold and silver coin, dating from the sixteenth and the beginning of the seventeenth century, and supposed to have been buried at the time of tho Thirty Years' War. With this discovery is connected a curious tra- dition, to the effect that, in the year 1G83-that in which the Turks laid siege to Vienna, whence they were driven by John Sobieski, King of Poland there dwelt in the neighbourhood of the place where the money has been found, in a manor house called Trebra, a lady named Philippine Von Werthern, wife of the Castellain Sitta Von Eber stein, who was said to be subject to strange hal- lucinations. Sho complained that day and night there appeared to her the ghost of a nun, who had been a native of Trebra, and who had died about fifty years before ia the neighbouring convent of Donndorf, and had been buried in the church at Gehofen, her native parish. She desired that the lady should cause to be dug up a large sum of money which she had buried iu the place not far from the castle, with a view to preserve it from the rapacious soldiery who were then carrying fire and sword everywhere around. Lady Philippine consulted her father con- fessor, the priest of the parish, Magister Thale mann, as to whether she should comply with the nun's request, and Bee to getting the money re- covered ; but he strongly dissuaded her from doincr bo, giving it as his opinion that it was a devilish work. Not at all satisfied with the judgment of the good pastor, the lady laid ihe case before the Universities of Leipzig, Wittenberg, and Jena, so that hundreds of learned pens were set in motion upon it ; but the clear verdict of the majority was that no Bteps should bo taken in the matter, since the ghost was most certainly an evil spirit. Thence- forward the lady-though it was thought to be a mere fancy-was not only haunted by the ghost of the nun, which had at first approached her quietly, beseeching her aid, but was positively ill-used, or, as she expressed herself, mishandled by.it, owing to her persistent disregard of its entreaties. At length the ghost seemed to have tired of tormenting her, | and ceased fromits nocturnal visitations, which ithad found to be fruitless. Geliert, in one of his fables, mentions the ghost of the Gehofen nun, the memory of which has now been revived once moro by the discovery of the hidden treasure, which not a few ignorant people firmly believed to be the very same which the nun concealed to save it from Tilly I and Wallenstein's robber hordes, and which, thirty-five years after the restoration of peace» the poor spirit, prosumably then still in purgatory, bo earnestly wished tho Lady of Eberstein to re- cover, doubtless to get masses said for its ultimate 1 rest in peace. 