v SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -?-; THE TURF. The Canterbury Park race meeting, which comes off at that popular sporting rendezvous to-day, promises to be among the most successful gatherings carried out under the auspices of the club. The late fine weather has made the running track in first-class condition, and judging from the entries, the field should be about as numerous as over faced the starter on that course. The railway department has made the usual arrangements for reaching Ashfield, Whence 'buses and cabs will convey visitors to the racecourse In addition to the usual trains to AiUifiold a special will start S from Redfern at 12.15 p.m., returning after the races. The racing will begin ato.m. when the horses will go to the East for the Flying Handicap, which should command a large number of starters, as there are 33 remaining in the racer. Dagobert has been awarded the top weight of 8st. 8lb.-, which should not trouble the winner of the A. J. C. Summer Cup over such a short distance. African, with 8st. 7lb'., comes next, and even considering his late perfor- mences at Rosehill, Liverpool, and Canterbury Park, the Sons of The Works has quite enough to carry. Fuse, with a similar impost, reads much better, While Leumeah and Here's Luck, at 8st. 5lb., each particularly dangerous. Victory's recent performance In the Jubilee Handicap at Canter bury Park fully entitles him, to the road he has to carry, and even at that he is not to be despised, while Fear, with 6st. 8lb. in the saddle, should make a big bid for the stake. Chartreux and Winnie have nothing to complain of, and should show up well in the race : but the winner will probably be furnished by Leichhardt, Winnie, or Foaror. The Prince of Wales' Stakes should bring about a good context, in which Toronto,' Le Prix, and Rebus should have most to say at the finish. Another large field should face the starter in the Park stakes, for which Winnie, Tuscarora, and Murray have the best appearance while the Bank Handicap, a, particularly operate in which a number of good performers will take part, should find Figtree, Lancer, Pickpocket, and Little pink fighting the battle out in the run home. In the Disposal Stakes, Claude should take a lot of chasing if he starts with Belvoirina and Rebus in the other places 9 and the speedy Observer, with Fearer and Algerian, should divide the honours in the Stewards' Mile. Owners and trainers should note that nominations close for the Moonee Valley Cup and St. Alban's Handicap this afternoon. Those interested should not forget that they can withdraw their horses from the Melbourne Cup up to 4 p.m. to-day without further payment ; but should they neglect to do so they become liable for the second forfeit of 5 sovs. The ship Port Jackson, which leaves Melbourne for India at an early date, takes over 300 horses for the Eastern market. The shipment includes about a dozen thoroughbreds lately purchased by Mr. E. Weekes, among whom are, Golden Gate, by Grand Flanour-Vorbena (full brother to 'Frisco (the Sydney Cup winner), who has been purchased for Lord Beresford : Brinkman, Basil, Starlight, he Ghost, Patience, and a Piscator filly. They are a well bred lot, and should distinguish themselves on the Indian turf. The result of the Goodwood Stakes, which was decided on Friday last, arrived by cable yesterday, and appears else- where in this issue. The winner of this important event is Mr. Somors's four-year-old Carlton, by Pell Moll, from Bonny Spec Carlton first carried silk as a two-year-old in 1885, when he ran nowhere in the Round Tower Plate, five furlongs, at the Windsor meeting in August, and he was equally unsuccessful at Warwick in September, when he had a matter in the Kenilworth Maiden Plate, won by Sinbad the Sailor. At the Newmarket October meeting he had a start in the Bretby Nursery Handicap Plate, 6 furlongs, but failed to got a place, and his first win was scored on the Liverpool course in November, when with 7st. 2lb. up he started as favourite, and secured the Palestine Nursery Handicap, defeating Sir Hamo (7st. 4lb.) by a neck. At the Manchester meeting in November he repeated his victory by appropriating the Lancaster Nursery Handicap, 7 furlongs, with 6st. 10lb. in the saddle. As a three-year old he ran in the Leicestershire Spring Handicap, 1 mile, In April, 1886, but failed to get a place, though he was more fortunate at the Newmarket Houghton races, in October, when he filled the third position in the Cambridge- shire Stakes, 1 mile. During the present- season he ran second to Merry Duchess, at Epsom, in the City and Suburban Handicap, for which he started as first favourite at 6 to 2, and won the Manchester Cup at the Manchester Whitsuntide Meeting. Mr. Leopold do Rothschild's bay colt, Beaver, who tilled the second place, is by Sir Bevys from Atholino, and was bred by Mr. G. Storey. As a two-year-old he went to the post a dozen times, out of which he won four, viz. : with 9st. 10lb. in the saddle be secured his opening bracket in the Exning Two-year Old Stakes, 5 furlongs, at the Newmarket Second Spring meeting ; won the Criterion Nursery Stakes, with 6st. 12 lb. up, at Newmarket Houghton meeting ; won the Old Nursery Stakes, R.M., with an impost of 7st. 2lb., at the Newmarket Houghton October meeting; and the Spondon Plate, 2 miles, with 7st.. at the Derby Autumn meeting. As a three-year-old, Beaver started on 30 occasions, and came in victorious three times. He won the AVolsoy Mid weight Handicap, If miles, with 7st. 10lb. up, and the Kempton Park Trial Handicap, 1 mile, 7st. 4lb. up, at Kempton Park April meeting and the Summer Cup," 3 miles 4 furlongs and 139 yards, with 7st. 5lb. in the saddle, Bt Newmarket July meeting, 1886. Stanislaus, who Came home third, was bred by Lord Rosslyn, but is now owned by Mr. Benzon, a gentleman not unknown to Australian sportsmen.' Stanislas, who is by the famous sire Hampton, from Lady Superior, by Caterer from Penance, by Flying Dutchman, he, did not rate as a two-year-old; but last year he faced the starter nine times without scoring a win. He ran second in the Column Produce Stakes at the Newmarket Craven April meeting; second to Lord Rosebery's Touch and Co, 7st. 10lb., in the Huntingdon Shire Stakes, 11 miles, at the Huntingdon August meeting and third in the Lincoln Autumn Handicap, H miles, at the Lincoln * Autumn Meeting. The Goodwood Stakes last winter fell to the Duke of Beaufort's Winter Cherry, by Albert Victor, from Red Berry, who carried 9st. 7lb., and won by a neck from Sir Kenneth, 9st. 7lb., and five others. Fielder's string has been strengthened by the addition of Atlas, a son of Fergus I. Saturday morning was a busy time at Randwick, as all the trainers had their charges out for work. The respective strings of Kelso, Moore, and Roberts were early on the ground, and were put through useful work. Later on Brennan's and Monaghan's teams were exercised. Kingfish and Tuscarora were sent at a rattling pace over seven furlongs, followed by Rosebud and Soldier's Wind, ? who did a good gallop once round the inside track. African, Little Dick, and Lo Prix were treated to strong work, and the same may be said about Sloth's performance. The New Zealand contingent were sent for a gallop of a couple of times round. Hon. J. White's trio, Perfume, Aberdeen, and Carlyon, put past six furlongs in fine style ; Volcano and Acme and a mile and a quarter at a good solid pace ; Cranbrook went over the same distance at a rattling pace in company with Plutarch, and Trident with Morok galloped slowly over a mile and a quarter. Stamford and Bowmcmt did a mile and a-half gallop, and finished up well ; Phaon and Lady Carrington and a fast spin once round, of which the former had slightly the best; and a number of others were treated to Bound work. Failing to secure the English sire Limestone, the New Zealand Stud Company have purchased Sword Dance, whose breeding shows that he possesses similar strains of blood to the son of Wenlock, as he is by Tomahawk from Duvernay, by Beadsman from Echuca, by Voltigeur from Ayocanoru, by Birdcatcher. He was foaled in 1877, and raced three times as a two-year-old, out of which he was credited with a win in the September Plate for two-year-olds, at Manchester. As a three-year-old he was unsuccessful, though he carried silk eight "times; but the following year he ran second to Peter in the Royal Hunt Cup at Ascot, and won the high AVoinht Plate with an impostor Sat. 1916., at the same meeting. He also secured the Grander Welter Handicap at Four Oaks Park, the Corinthian Plate at Goodwood, and the Alexandra Plate at Doncaster, ere he retired into private life. Such a well-bred and well-performed horse should be a great acquisition to the New Zealand Stud Company. The winter meeting of the Echuca Racing Club was held on.AVednesday-last, when favourable weather and a good attendance helped to bring about a successful day's sport. The Handicap Hurdle Race, about 2 miles, brought out four starters, the winner turning up in Hard Times (9st. 4lb.), with Sir John Moore (10st. 5lb.) and Don (9st. 8lb.) in the other places. Roderick Dhu came home in the Selling Race, 6 furlongs, a length in front of Waimakariri, who beat Gladiator for second place. A field of a dozen competed in the Winter Handicap, If miles and Sparkle (8st. ), who was never caught, won easily by a couple of lengths, his next attendants being Little Jack (7st. 8lb) and Crown Brand (7st. 8lb.). The Selling Hurdle Race, 12 mile, fail to Eros, who defeated his field of half a dozen by three lengths, with Freetrader and General Gordon' occupying the other places and Starlight, 9st. 7lb., secured the Ladies' Bag, 1 mile, from a field of six ; Millewa, lOst., next; and Oak, lOst., third. Stanley, whose performances during the past racing season have stamped him as a reliable and consistent racer, has been placed second on the list in the Geelong Winter Handicap, one mile and a furlong, with an impost of 8st. 10s., or 5lb. less than Ringmaster, and 4lb. more than Ben Best. Myall King has been apportioned the handy load of 7st. 4lb. for the same event. The annual meeting of the members of the Victorian Club (Melb.) will be held to-morrow, when the report and balance-sheet will be submitted, and the election of members of committee for the ensuing year will take place. The annual meeting of the Jerilderie Jockey Club passed off successfully on Thursday last, when fine weather prevailed, and a numerous attendance witnessed good racing. The first past the post in the Maiden Plate, If mile, was Jack the Giant Killer, 7st. 3lb., with Gwendoline, 8st. 7lb., and Marong, 8st. 10lb., in the other places ; but a protest was entered against Jack the Giant Killer for having run inside a post, and the stakes were awarded to Gwendoline. Mr. J. Prendergast's Earl distinguished himself by appropriating the Jockey Club Handicap, 14 mile, and the Flying Handicap, J mile. In the former he carried 8st. 3lb. home in front of Gonoe, 7st 8lb., who was beaten by a neck, with Beeswing, 8st. 4lb., third; and in the latter, with 8st. 12lbs. up, he defeated Gene, 7st. 9lb., and The Frenchman, 8st. 2lb. The Selling Hurdle Race,. 2 miles, was a gift to the chestnut mare Maruga, list, lib., who came home in front of Planet, 10st. 7lb. Wild Irishman, 6st. 1916., won the Selling Race, 1 mile, with Donald, 7st. 4lb., and Swift, 8st 4lb., in the places and Donald, Bees- wing, and Salford finished in that order for the Forced Handicap. Floyd, the cross country rider, lost two fingers of his left hand last week, through the bursting of a gun which he was discharging at a hawk. We gather from our iWohoontemM>rarv,'Z» Sport, that M. P. Aumont had up to the 15th instant, won £19,710 this season, in addition to an objets d'art worth £400. This Sum of course, is largely made up by his French One Thousand, Derby, and Grand Prize successes with Ten breese and Monarque. M. Michel Ephrussi comes second on the list with £9532, followed immediately bythoComto do Borteux 1774')), Baron de Souheyran (£6977), and Baron de Roths- child (6486). On Wednesday night, June 22 (says Sporting Life), 23 of the boxes lately erected at Newmarket (Eng.) by Messrs. Tattersall were entirely destroyed by fire. Some fireworks were going on in the neighbourhood, and it is supposed that apart from a rocket alighted amongst the dry straw in the yard. These boxes were occupied by brood mines and their foals ; but a lad from Captain Maoholl's stable succeeded in releasing all, with the exception of poor old Acme and her foal, by Barcaldine, which were burnt to cinders. The lad succeeded by plucky efforts in getting her to the yard, but she lost sight of her foal, and would return. The buildings being composed of foreign deal, and carred all over, the fire spread very rapidly, and too much praise can- not be bestowed on the lad who stuck to his task till all the doors were opened, although severely burned about the hands and arms. Speculation on the leading handicaps of the spring campaign is beginning to assume a definite shape, and a fair business has been done latterly in straight out and double betting! The latest quotations areas under Melbourne Cup : 100 to 7 v. Silver Prince, 100 to 6 v. Trident, 100 to 6 each v. Bravo and Matador, 100 to 4 each v. Thunderbolt, Cairo, Meteor, and Trenton, 100 to 3 each v. Hortense and Kitawa, 100 to 2 to 100 to 4 v. any other. Hawkesbury Handicap : 100 to 8 each v. Rosebud and MoreE. 100 to 6 each v. Simon Cardigan and the Queen, 100 to 5 each v. Tomboy, Phnon, and Sorella, 100 to 3 to 100 to 4 v. any other. In double betting the ones range from 200 to 1 to 500 to 1 for the Hawkesbury Handicap and Great Metropolitan Stakes; and 1000 to 1 for mixed goods for the Caul- field and Melbourne Cups. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs the following scratehings:-Melbourne Cup-Enfield, Wentworth, Abuse. Caulfield Cup Abuse. 