BETUHIT XHTEROOXiONX&X.; MATCH. ?JCTow South, Wales v. Victoria. Fikst Day. — Monday. Despite tin; continuance of tho nmnspi ? ? cious''weath'?r, which has caused the post ponement of the opening from Saturday uutil Moatiav, it was decided to make a start or. the latter day. Tho rain had fallen with few intervals for eix days, no, that what merit the wickets on tho As sociation U-rounu possessed (and wise ioik.i saythat of late it hm been precious little) wart entirely nullifk'd, and 'cons'.'iiuontly the bitmiien had all the worst of the play. Ever/ attention had been bestowed upon the damaged wicket?, but all tho rolling Mid mowing ever enacted could not revive them, nor repniv the daiuagb caused by the soaking nuns. Tlit) Victorian Selection Committi'! were fully seized with the im portiuce of selecting their team to meet the contingencies of tho cn3«, and there fore they delayed their selection until the Kit moment, when they determined to play their strongest bowling team, oven to the detriment to the batting if necessary, aud j decided to ouit Morris and Ovsr, choosing I ? ., /'' the following eleven: — Messrs. Worrall, Horan, Midwinter, Trott, Blackhnm, Bruce, Spofforth, Walters, Jl'Shanc, Houston, and Trumlde. The N.S.W. team was identi cally the same as ohoseu last; week, but for convenience we reprint them: — Messrs. M'Donald, A. lianneriuun, Kvuns, Joni'i), Ferris, Turner, Richardson, Allen, Burton, Garrett, and Moscis. M.'I)onnt'll was chosen as skipper of the home team, and the visitors acted mo:-t inconsiiitcntly in reposing the confidence due under any circumstance to llluckham to Midwinter. 3ics3i*iS. C. Bannurmun (N.S.W.) and Phillips were elected to dia chai'go the dutio: of umpires. The N.S.W. hoys dosinod their now ' uindo to order' s'.titr; of light blue, but in uiO3t cases they either fitted 'too quick,' or did not fit, at nil. Thus, what under ordinary ciiomii.Unuci'i) would have been an appreciable innovation, was turned to u. laughing stock, all through ? who? The Play. Midwinter lost tho toss, and hid to go to the wickoi* fir»t, sending Brnoo and Wallers to open tlio dobato. Turnor started tho howling from tho rcombora' stuml ond t-- llnice, and Garrott opened up from thn opposite ond. A singlo to Bruce resulted off Turner's first ovor, and a lucky unit to tlioKamo batsman off Garrott'i souond ball. Bdnnorman mado a great offort to docpatch IJmoo off Garrntt, but failed to get under the hall. Turner's noxt ovor nddod ?I for byos. Walton had not Htirtod to scoro yot, and ho did not net much of a slibw to do no, as ho hit Turner high up to log whoro Allen was stationod, and tlio btitunun retired as 1 — 0 — 9 was fiont up on tho board. Honm Illled tho vacant po»t just in time to boo Bruno (riven out Icr before wiokot. As TruinUo woat to Horau's nssiiitanco 2—5—9 wjis- pouted. . Tho new corner tint on to Garrott'i) first ball, and a couple resulted. Honm than opened his mind to Turner and sent him away to sqtmro Ie{r, for which 3 woro recorded. Garrott simt tho fuvourito E.M.C. batiianx a coaxor, which was put high up, und Allen hold it. 3—!!— 14. Midwinter c.iino noxt and »ru Hoon on lux return journey, hoiiiff caught doop out hi tho fitlil by Jonos. 4-0— U. This was more disastrous tlinn oven tho most down hearted hud conucivoil. M'Shanc then camo to Trumblo'H relief, und thf.-so two mado the only stand (hiring tho match. Trumhlo scored off every loose ball, and showed his appreciation for long hops by. lifting a soft hall clean over the fence and into tlio ladies' reserve. The score soon begun to .(well, tho 21) and tlio 30 eoniinj; into view without u dissolution, but :it .T2 Ferris relieve.! Garrett mid cloan howled M'.Slutio in his fir.tt over. 5 ~8— ?A. Houston c.imo, but retired at ?», caught by Jo:-o.i at nnvor point off Ferris. U— Ii— V). An adjournment wan thon mado for luncheon. After tho interesting uoremonie.- of the rcees.u, Trinnblo roniiinod hin innings, iiccom panied by Worrall. The latter hall placed :! to his credit, when Ferris coaxed him to let out at a soft bull, ;in:l Banncrman cfTeeted his iloparturo by a good catch. 7—3-43. Tmmblo 22. BliiKklmui cnine out nest und saw tho 50 appear on the board, of which no loss tliuu Kt woro to Trumbo'M credit. Tho remiiining wickots fell in quick niaroh timo. Spoii'urth being denortoii. played a not-out innings for 'u useful tota: '— 0. Trmnblu carried his hat down to Si-oflorth, the lust man to go in. tinrton must l-e complimented on effecting a very smart cutjh, which put iin end to tho most troublrwomo butomuu of the inniir.;!-'. About 3 o'clock the N.S.W. team started their inningH. JI'DonnoII and Bannormun being thofirnt to show light, to tho bowling of Siwfforth und Midwinter. Bannorman scored a triooff tho fonner'H first ovor, but aftoradding a single off Midwinter ha wan clean bowled Iry tho demon. 1-4-40. Jones followod, bnt got out by very had luck, tho ball striking Iris foot und bounding on to the wiekot, after scoring .'{ for a clean hit to winarn-leg. 2:— 3 —8. To all appearances tho hoir.o team wero following in the wako of their unfortmrito opponents. Mohw partnered his captain, und thn i)urtnership should huyc boon -Ii»- solved had Trmnble sneceeded nr holding a rather easy catch off Midwinter, After bomg thus lot off M'Donnell pTayed stoadior, as did his comniifc, nnd by tho timo that irDorenoll iiad run his raco the 40 was on viow. but Spofforth disturbed tho N.S.W. captain's wieketat thvs stage. and 3— 25— 101 wn« posted. iVllen succeeded him, and assi'stod Mohos- to1 raiso tho score up to- 50;. !)ut 3 rnnw later Moses wa« well caught by Midwinter riff Spofforth. Garrett cninc next, bnt only to seo Allen caught hy M'Shunu off Midwinter in attempting to loiwo tho bull., ft -8— 53. Kiohardsnn eiinie next, and by dint of careful play assisted Garrott to whilo aiwaj- the tlimo und knock the Hcore irp to 8t, when1 GiiTrott w.'is filnan bowled br Trtnnblb. who' had' ro placod Spofforth a fb\r overs lioforc. MSil wintor not only kepthimsolf on too long, but ho wilfully disregarded tlie claims of at feast four bottor bowlers than himself, and it was not until just V.eforo tho fall of tho llwt wiokot that he doomed it iieoosmuy to- put Horan oh bowling- iir Ii£- placo. Wliatevor faults lilaclchain mity havo. they aTC cop tainly of loss inacniitiid'e- that his supecstrur's, which appear to us both of omission aud- com mission. : Second Day.t— Tuesday. Tim wiiikpts if anv wore n trifle bettor on Tuesday morning than- on' thepreviouB day, but were still-:materially damaged; To those who could find enjoyment' iir a fast and eventful game the- play of Tues day was just tho ticket,, as wickets were not sure for two balls rimming. As on tlie previous day little entll-l.siiisui wiis evoked except by a stray stroke- of oxtraordiiuii'y merit by M'Donnell or M'5nunc. During the refreshment interval Hos ExcellfncyoxpresBod w deBire to meet the mpnil''i-H nf 'poth teams, and during tlie adjournment the players retired to the trustee's office, where Messrs. M'Donnell and Midwinter, the captains of the io spective teams, wore presented to ffis Excellency. Several toasts, including that of the 'Governor;'' wh#, in responding, proposed that of the '? Victorian Toum,'' Tto which Mr. Midwinter reispoiided. Unfortunately, about 4 o'clock the rain came down in 'snob heavy showers that piny was stopped for the day, whereas- if tho weather had remained tine for another hour the game would have been finished', and the annoyftnee and inconveniauco of devoting the better fart of another day to such a desmltory match could have been avoided, as N.S.W. only required 22 runs, towim. The PtAT. This portion of tlie account needs but little description, Hordoes it merit more, so let us be very nummary. The N.SiW. score stood at 80' for- the loss of six wickets, but the- oemaining wicketa fell more disas trously than was' anticipated. Turner; Ferris, and Burton only increased the total' by tt- while EV;ins was absent on accoumt of a telegram from his home, which, weare sorry to hear, brought bad news. Tho inniirgs thus closed for 89 runs, Kiehardson being- not out. for U. Spofforth was ne cmmtnble for no less than six K.SviV. wickets for 17 rans, Trumblo being next ?with two for 10. The Victorians were only 2R to the bad, but under such circumstances this was a heavy handicap. Bruce and Walter) started their second innings to the- howling of Turner and Ferris, but before long Bruce was well ciiught by Eiolmrdson. 1—0—1. Trumble filled his place, but shared a .similar fate, and vis ciught by Garrett at miJ-olV. 2—3—4. Midwinter then joined AValters, but the latter was well stumpod by Burton after scoring a single. 3— 1 — i. M'Shano filled the vacancy, but soon lost his partn r, who was well caught by Barton, not ex actly behind the wickets. 4— 0 — I. It is extremely difficult to say whether the calamitous downfall of the Victorians was duo to the excellent trundling of Ferris, or whether they wero not a bit fuukey, and lost heart. At all events, Houston came and went without scoring, and the fifth wicket fell for a duckegg, bringing the total to 5 runs. G — t) — 5. Hhiekham was sent in next, but never scored at all, and when he departed tho board showed li— 0 —II, M'Slmno being the lucky holder of. the largest score; ns yet of six wiokets, viz., 5 runs. Sponorth came next, and managed to nuiko .a things a bit lively by slogging away merrily until at 20, when he was clean bowled by Turner. 7 — 0 — 20. Worrall then enme to M-'Shanc's assistance, and thrae two ? ?.?...?,. *? dragged their comrades out of tho fire by averting a one inning's t defeat. When tho score had been increased to 54 M'Shano hit out at Garrott, who had replaced Ferri3, and paid the penalty. 8—1!) — 54. The gamo looked :i trifle wore hoalty now, but it wu3 still wry ill and sickly, Trott partnered Worrall, but the latter soon after succumbed to a capital catch by Richardson, right out ne:ir tho fence. !)— 1-1—57. Horan, who wm very unwell, and suffering from an attuci: of cholera, camp last, but looked unfit . to be out at such a damp wicket. After a few minutes uneventful play, llorau lO3t hi3 partner, Trott, aud the innings clo3ed for 10— 7— G8; leaving tho New South Wales teaui -41 runs to get and win. Ferris' boT/l'.ug ?was..inoat. effective, and early in' the game lie had bowled seven overs, taking throe wickots for no nin3. . ... ' - . '..'?...??: ? . N.S.W., with 41 togetiu order to score another victory, had rather an easy ,task, but for nil, that they made n very bad beginning. WDonneUdnd A. Banuerman went to. tho wickets firat, 'and- faced the bowling of Midwinter aiid .Spofforth, but in the former's sscond over, M'Donnell was well caught near the boundary fence by Bruce. 1 — G — 0. Jones then camo forward, but lost hi3 partner before two, orera had been bowled. Bannorman played forward to a cunning ball from the Doinon, and Io3t the number of hi3 moss. 2—0 — 9. Turner filled the vacancy, and remained at his post until play was stopped by a heavy downfall of rain. Shortly before -t o'clock Turner (not out) !) — two wickets had been Io3t for 19 runs, leaving 22 runs to be made on the next day,T.ith seven wickets to fall,. Evans being still detained at lite home. Tiiibd Day. — Wediiesdat. At noon on Wednesday tlie umpires agreed that the ground was not fit to pluy upon, an 1 consequently, the players and a few idlers wero compelled to wait until the weiither cleared up, or the wickets had soaki d uo the water and lost their sloppi ne3B, which proved a day'3 idleness. Shortly after 10 o'clock the' rain held off and the weather remained fine over head for nearly one hour. It was therefore po3sible to have settled the mate!', had the umpires agreed to do so; but to the chagrin and disappointment of ladny the game was not continued. A few membera and fewer outside public dawdled about, all the afternoon in hopes of something definite either for or against being deter mined, but still the umpires wero unwilling to order the resumption of hostilities, or to postpone the match. Shortly before .5 o'clock it was at last decided not to play at all on that day, but that the match should be continued to-day (Thurs day). Another evil ha-; now arisen, as Houston has gone back to Melbourne, and Messrs Morris, Phillipa and Midwinter are anxious to depart hamewarda to-day. In our opinion, the match should have been finished yesterday under aay circumstance, by reason of the small number of ruu3 (22) required by New South Wales to win ; and it seetns strauge to argue tlmt there was a ghost of a chance of victory on the Victorian side, when their opponents had seveu wickoto to fall for 22 runs. The proposed harbour excur sien arranged for to- day, by the New South Wulra Crickot Association for the visitors, will therefore have to be postponed or abandoned, whereas if the game had been settled, none of these incoaveaiences would have arisen. Tho following aro tho scores :-— VICTOETA. First Inning.). Brare.lbwh G.irrett ? ... r- ?Walters, c Alton, b Turner ? 0 Horan, c Allon, b Garrett ? 3 Trumbls, c Burton, b Forrw ? 27 Midwinter, c Jones, b Turner ... ... 0 XTSbnue. h Ferris ? 8 Boireton, c Jones, b ForciH v. ,?„. . ... 3 Tforaall, c Baniiermau,'biFarris... ... 3 Blackburn, o M'Donnoll, J-°Turuor ... 1 Trott. .b Turner ... .'?& . ... ... 3 Spoflbrtli, not oat ... iS; ? 0 Sundries ? l.*,*s ... ... 8 r Total ? ifcL! .,. ' ... 01 Biwlins :vuaIy«iB.— Turner. Wmjall3. 10 inn.id.jiis, 21 run», t iriokets ; Gorrett, tt finlla, 5 umdens, li.' runs, 2 wickets; Furris, X (rails, 2 uuiidous, 17 ruii3r'lwicfcot3. SEW SOUTH WALES. First InuiiiBB. : P-. M'Domioll, l- Siwlfortli ... ... 25 A. Bannvriiun. b Spofforta ... '... .'.4 S. Jones, 1- Spoirorth ? li II. Moneiiv c Midwinter, hS;nft]rtli ... W '?? 11\. Allen, c-St'd!muo, b Hidwiutor '. ... 0 ' ? T: GalTutt..)j Trumblo ... .'.. ... 28 ?',-??' e. ICiclinTd'Hoa. not out ? ' .:. 3...V Turner, 1- TViimble ... ... ?, . o''*' Foi-ris, bSliotforth ? ... ..'...'-:; ':. Evuus.iibsont ... ? ... ' 0 ?' '' Burton, ljSiv-aror»i ? '.;. . 0 ' Sundries. ? ...'.,. 5.-' Total foiruino wioi'jta '...~ .'./-'si TSHvHuiruuiiIjms — S|h-Io tj ''Ibilli llrtildfliis Jrnuiii.fiwickeh Wnlw utor 112 itll T-?^ uiieiu 21ru:iH,l wicket; .Trumblo, 20 balls, 1 maiden. 10 .runs, 'Jimckors-; Hornu, i !m!!:i, 0 miiduus. ;; ruub 0 wiukets.. \n.roar\ ^ Second Innlimi 'Stum, o Eiciairlso l I l inici 0 WulrorB. st Uiirton, i- Fi-rrh ... ... 1 Thuublo. o O-M-ixt bPrrm 1 Midwinter, i. Bill ton b ijijT 0 M'Slmne, b G-irro t 1 19 Hnnston, b 1 trru 0 Rliuikhnin,.] Kw br^rn 0 awtTorth, bluiun 9 TTomill, orirfardsoi b Itrna j 11 Trott, b Tiutm iljinn.not ot-4 4 Sundries 11 Total OS Total I»t i.imi aa 01 Granatotit ' iy- Bowiing Annlysis. — Turuer, dl baUs, 10 uiaidens, 25 rras, 4 wiokotrt Forru -V, hilln 13 ina iem 28 runs, 5 wickets ; Garrott. W bills, 7 maidens'. '-I runs,!! wiclsut. NEW SOUTH WALES. Second lulling, at'Donnell, c Brno lill dw jter C Kuniiorm.au. bSiuffortb 0 Jones,, not ottt. 2 Tuimor, not ont ... '. ? ... » SuuJrie:. 2 Ibtal for Jvro wicketa ... ........ 1!- 