AS YOU LIKE IT. j 22. "Ay, MTT nsw *"*unUi!zle year wisdom." Rosalind. \ the dinner given by Sir Henry Parkes on Monday rTf'tothe "survivals" of the first Legislative As- Lmbiy was a very successful completion (socially and Itrologically) of an ingenious design. It was not ifflpltitryon's fault that, out of a possible 21 12 on by are able to say "Adsum" to the roll call. 'so as all were under the disability either of senility or Once beyond the seas. The speeches were, very neatly arranged as introductions or responses to send Late rather than toasts, and the prevailing senti- ments humiliation before the memory of the dead was never quite dormant. Mr. Dalley, to whom was assigned the congenial task of performing a comprehensive funeral service over the departed Parlia- mentarians- 41 in number was able to acquit himself of that task with such felicitous fact that the survivors were not too much reminded of an Egyptian banquet, while the ghosts of the departed, hovering over the table on short leave of absence, which Pluto could not refuse, were not degraded by any base comparisons with the living. characteristic speeches from Sir John Robertson, Sir John Hay, Sir W. Manning, Judge Faucett, Mr. Piddington, and Mr. Macleay- Amphi- tryon very properly subduing his clothes out of respect for the memory of those who had passed away brought the historic" banquet to a close. Alas! in all those speeches one looks in vain for any serious defence of Parliament, as that marvellous institution is now wanted to a disgusted people. Perhaps it was better to, To have vexed the ghosts of Wentworth, Donald on, Martin, Arnold, Cowper, and those other worthies by my attempt to reconcile the old idea of Parliament with the thing that now usurps that honoured name would have been a kind of sacrilege. By the bye, I had almost forgotten to congratulate Sir Henry Parkes on the substitution of the photographs for the chaplain. Instead of grace the guests were treated to an electric light picture of themselves, as they sat wrapt in con- templation of the Downs. The survivors of Waterloo its famous Apsley House banquet were taken at a later stage of the entertainment. says The report of the Select Committee of the Council appointed to inquire into the working of the Rabbit Encouragement and Diffusion Act (for this is really the name our present Act ought to bear) can be read in a few minutes. To digested and thoroughly understand the warning it conveys will take longer. A few years ago, certainly less than 10 we passed an Act for the extermination of rabbits, and then- the post was con fined to the south-western of our pastoral districts. Less than one-fifth of the colony could then be described as infested. That Act, which was worked by the Sheep Directors, was not thought stringent or bureaucratic enough, so we passed another, which was to be administered by the Government. It was considered a very drastic Act indeed. It has been in force some four years, and has been very effective. It has created an army of rabbiters, with a central rabbit department, and numerous to avelling inspectors. Under it the Government has expended ยฃ3(31,402 in destroying 7,853,787 rabbits; each rabbit, therefore, costing lid. and a frac- tion to kill- And to crown all, the rabbits have largely increased, and instead of one-fifth of the colony being infested, the area has been more than doubled. If this record does not satisfy any believer in central administration, he must be very hard to please. 3 6 4 4 . But the select committee, presided over by Mr. Philip Gidley King, looking at this matter of rabbit administration from a national rather than a departmental point of view, condemns the Rabbit Nuisance Act as an accursed fraud. The committee does not use these words, because select committees are obliged to express their opinions in very guarded and official language, but the public will not be slow to translate the con- demnation expressed in the report into language suitable to the facts. The Act is a curse, a fraud, and an abortion, and if burning by the common hangman could lead us of it, that would be the righteous way of showing what we think of it. However, we have now to consider rather' what now system should be tried, than waste time in anathematising the present one. Local administration by sheep boards enabled us to get rid of scab and other troubles. Why should it not be as effective in helping us to got the rabbit pest under control ? Wire-netting seems to be acknowledged by almost every one who has any experience of rabbits as indispensable. One or two dividing or boundary wires, like that from Narramine to Bourke, even if it were extended to the Queensland border, are not enough. The holdings must themselves be netted off, and then the proprietors can have some assurance that they are not clearing those holdings for their neighbour's rabbits. But the Government must take action with respect to the unleased areas, commons, stock routes, and reserves, scattered all over the Western and North-Western districts. Those and the scrubs are at present vast asylums for rabbits, and it is nobody's business to keep them clean. On the whole the recommendations of the committee are such as most feasible pastoralists will accept, but in my humble opinion they do not go far enough. We must devise a scheme of rabbit Leasing, and encourage the new men with "rabbits" runs, or other enterprising persons to do what no Government rabbit-trappers or prisoners will evereflectuallydo. However, that is only my opinion, and I am not a pastoralist-so let it go for what it is worth. a * * a It seems that we are all pining for the federation of the Empire. Mr. Deakin says so, and of course Mr. Deakin ought to know. At a banquet given to the delegates at the St George's Club, Hanover-square, Mr. Deakin told the company there assembled that he could hardly express how strongly colonists shared the hope which the Duke of Cambridge had expressed with reference to the federation of the Empire. We conceal our feelings very well, but then no doubt we have the British dislike for gush. Mr. Edmund Yates, however, was evidently quite overcome. Ho incontinently sent a note down to the office of his paper, , giving directions that they were to telegraph immediately to Australia to obtain all the news they could got" As the proceedings at the banquet are described as being of the ordinary mould, I suppose Mr. Yates' announcement of the kindness which he has done us was received with loud and prolonged cheering, as so large an order deserved to be, and doubtless the readers of the World are now as much concerned as ourselves in the appointment of a Judge and an Attorney-General, and in the letters of Mr. Foster in that connection perhaps a little more in the Asylums' question and the management of the rabbits and the unemployed. What humbugs we are, to be sure ! and how expensive the most other gentlemen become under the influence of a good dinner and the pleasant phrases of a royal duke. * * < a What a paradise too is this country! Here " a man is practically have three acres and a cow for the king, and a vote without asking. He can have his children educated free, and need not work 2319" than eight hours a day with plenty of holidays." Further, " there is scarcely a problem presented to the politicians of this country (England) with which the colonies, in some form or another, have not been obliged to deal, and youths political ideals of some parties in England have already been attained or are attainable in Australia." But I forgot-Mr. makin is, of course, speaking of Victoria; and as no doubt he speaks with the voice of his country, I would suggest that we might rid ourselves of the unemployed very easily. Victoria will give each and all of them three acres and a cow practically vats skins Revean go there and have their children educated free (nobody pays, of course), and work eight hours a day, with plenty of holidays, happy Victoria ! But why does she" object to free tickets to Albury s) and they will live under the rule a politicians who have dealt and done with the problems which are distracting the minds of English statesmen, and who have attained the political ideals of some parties in England How different is our own "BO. Among the English public documents relating w the subject of emigration to New South Wales it Morris that there is one which says that the general trade of the colony is represented as having been for some time past very depressed. The harvest, is n said, has been good, but in the towns there a no demand for labour from outside the colony. On We occasion of this banquet one of our delegates was also to have spoken j but, doubtless, in the enthusiasm him by Mr' Dea,[in> the Secretary forgot to call him. However, we may perhaps shine with some of the reflected lustre of Victoria. * . . . | Of the two distinguished men who went home the present New South Wales, each it seems has got some thing unless rumour shall disappear 11 of. Sir Robert Wisdom shares with 158 other gentlemen the privilege of having four letters attached to his name, and now we hear that we are to greet Sir Patrick CB. Of the former I have spoken on a previous occasion. I pointed out that he had made himself remarkable very remarkable in our Parliament, and I began seeing his success to, hope that Sir Patrick might come back to us decorated with that collar for which he is said to feel so high an admiration But Sir Patrick Jennings's recent distinction has been earned as a deep political and economic thinker, and not by the display of brilliancy, and of ardour in maintaining the freedom of members of Parliament which have advanced his colleague. It will therefore be felt that the quieter distinction which it is said will be confers ed upon him is appropriate in the case of one who came forward so modestly and "took, the holm, of the distracted State, guiding her into the quiet waters of peace and prosperity at home before he sought to do her now service abroad. Also, that it will be suitable to one who has been keeping such distinguished company on late. Moreover, the bonds of loyalty are thus materially strengthened. At the present moment there are only about 20 G. C's, 51 K. C's, and 80 C's of the order of the M.G-. to be disposed of. There will be a heavy run upon them on the occasion of the Jubilee, and it would be pleasant to think that if they should all be distributed, there will be another bag of lollipops of an even finer flavour available to reward good boys. 5 5 5 5 . If there were a market, in the ordinary sense, for Centenary and Jubilatory suggestions, it might now fairly be described as glutted-or that stocks were moving off very slowly, or by some equivalent phrase denoting a very dull demand for those " articles." And under such conditions it might seem unbusinesslike to add to the dead stock now on hand. But- I cannot resist the impulse to add just one more suggestion to the queer heap. J submit it as a fit and proper mode of marking the year 1888, rather than the 50th anniversary of the Accession Day. And here it is in one line : , " Abolish the Sydney Corporation and substitute sensible and decent Commissioners." For the reason why one out of scores of samples read the report of the Aldermen's Pandemonium last Thursday upon Alderman Jeanneret's motion for a Jubilee Illumination of the Town Hall. Beyond all question, the Council could not appropriate any municipal funds for this illumination ; but why could not the proposal be discussed by its opponents in something like a sane mood ? There is nothing for it, I am certain, but to put the City into Commission. The City Council as now constituted is about the champion burlesque of a deliberative body in all Topsy Turvy Land. " .. a * * * * Now that the gentlemen who affect the game of bowls have nearly completed the election of their new temple, lovers of the picturesque can form some idea of its beauties. It is, as viewed from Boomerang-street, not unlike one of those Noah's arks with which we used to amuse ourselves as children ; but it wants a boat built round it to make the resemblance complete. It seems to me that the obstruction of the harbour view is a matter of small consequence compared to the simple existence of an eyesore in a public place. Wooden buildings can he made exceedingly picturesque ยก but little trouble appears to have been taken in this case to build anything more beautiful than a packing-case. Of course there may be unexpected developments, but the groundwork does not appear to be promising. When the harbour-view question has been disposed of another may arise, to wit the improvement of the building. Whether that improvement should go as far as complete reconstruction, or whether it will be sufficiently secured by letting out the back as advertisement space, is a question which will deserve the most careful consideration. T. J. 