OURH MELBOURNE LETTER. -.The .cbronic ldisorderliness, mitigated by spasms of work, has marked the proceedings of the. Legislative Assembly this nweek, but the "Terrors" have gained nothing by their astion, and there has been sufficieiit w:,rk done to enable us ta say the week has not been absolutely wasted. The. dramatic episode of it was the screwing of. the neck of iMr Hunt by tbe" Premier. Mr Hunt is a kind of irreconcilable in the. iosse, attached to no party and courted by none;: a sort' of man who might describe hinoelf' in .tl.e words of an old song, " I cares for nobody inonot I : And nobody cares for me.", Had he'the force of character or mental parts of the late Sir John O'Shannassy, or the lhot headed fire of Nick Fitzgerald; he -would now. be the leader of a respectable little party of semi-Fenians inthe Heise, and would be able to give voice to the protestations of St.: Patrick's against the Education Act, aind discourse freely.. on Ireland's wrongs and :rights. IeI, might have taken up the mantle which Sir Bryan O'Loghlei let" drop when ,h' retired 'so p?recsiitately from the Asseibly, but ho has neither the go nor the niental:parts,, and so contents himself ly glowerinig -at Mr Dafly' from the opposite.: bench,: the =eata: of the*' tiain `t'ypifying that dis union . :which - keeps . Ireland. '.'poor and : discontented.' But all thse ' same he is generally one of the.well behaved boys of the House, and his suggestire impiitation on.Mri illies nius therefore ,be·puitdown to what Elton in " Dorothy" diseribes as a lapsua fungus. That . however, land "his general mildness of character,-didn't save Tom from a dressing, and the friendless politician has a- reputation for hitting -hard .whei? his' monkey is up. t Stilli the whole .affair wa?s?ut ai interlude, soissething like. ,swhat is told of Mfacready,: who .:ed to com 'mence the soliloquy in .lmlet near'the' w.ings, much in this way -- . " Oh that this too solid, solidiflesh would melt." solto voce-" Boy;,: ring me aiotliierpot of porter." These , itage aoiides .are ,inderstood inT politics as on the boaros. They are but summer thunderstorms after all. By the way, it is always the good boys of the House who- get the, most.?unmeroifully thrashed b-.y the"s inire. The masters let the priviied'ruffians, the'chronic disobrderly ones and the bullies alone, but as soon as a member who is ordinarily as ,well mannered as a'sheep:' trangressess: in the smallest particular, the leaders of the Ho?se turni the seamyside of him, and held .him up to such scorn and contumely that he goes home in a frame of mind which makes him disinclined to face his:wife or to let 'himself ihn at his own- door with his latchkey,,and with , determi?asion to get. up at' milk-time, next morning. and -hide the, papers .from his family!- . ;. .2. The Patterson' speeehonu the Amending Education Bill wasa iuito the ofeature of the weekl, Commencingwith a compliment to his former confrere and political protegi in CastlemainBi, h proceeded tb knobl ii himio pieces after.the inanner ofan: accomplished prize fighter. Against such heavy artillery as this, the Professor:hadn't the ghost 'of a chance. It was like a third rate light-weight trying a round with Jack.HIeeian, or a duel between a toy revolver. and a hundred ton gun.-s, The':Professor may bh elever-some folk think so-but both as an'admiinistialsr and a debater rhiss career is huts record of 'dis?al failures.: The chance' are this .Bill .will be'?dawdled ovr and unless it can be slipped through in a thin House, willbo laid ,ainde for metal more attraotire.re 