A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT. (NAnHvILLE AMERItCAN.) There is nohing in Tennessee, or in the South, whoso antiquity Is so mysterlouu and entirely beyond the domain of decent specu lation as the old stone fort, which is a mile and a half below the town of Manchester. The two prongs of Duck River come within. say. 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, makirng a territory of perhaps 1,000 acres in the forlts of the river, and below the Narrows. At the Narrows the fort com. mences by a stone wall, now covered with earth, running from one river to the other. and there the walls are built along the banks of both rivers down to a point where a canal had been cut from one river to the other ; there a wall is made from one river to tile other, perhaps a quarter of a mile. On the outside of this wall is a hollow and in tlhis hollow is the sign of the cnoal or cut evidently intended to protect the fort by both the wall and the canal. From the upper to the lower wall, at places, there amre high bluffs on )both rivers. Wherever this bluff-precipitons-le found there is no wall, but wherever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entrance to the fort was at the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their work intelligently. The entrance is by a narrow pasnway, with walls on either side, and offsets so as to prevent the enemy on the outside from having a direct entrance for themselves, and so as to protectthose onthe inside from missiles on the outside. The fort contains forty-seven acres, and Is, or was, when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the trees of large size growing on top of the walls. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1808, cut one of the trees from the top of the wall and found it to be about 00 years old. One mile up the river from the fort is an immense mound-the largest one perhaps in the country-making It pro hahle that the fort was built by the mound builders. Beyond this nobody knows any thmg about it. Colonel Murray, who was a man of high intelligence, claimed to have conferred with the lx?dians of different tribes, but none of them could give him any account of it, either by tradition or ether wise. This fort is one of the many evidences that In this country, at some remote perioed there was a race of people of more stability arnd Intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement of the country there were ghost stories con. nected with the old stone fort, which about 1834 culminated in a most remarkable epi sode In 18:13, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the Morfreesboroughn went out In the neighbourhood of the olJ fort to have a fox hunt. The country was thinlysettled, and there were many deer. After having camped out for several days, one night they saw strange eights, which caused them to leave next day. They were not communicative, but the story got ont. and was much talked of. The next Wlail the eame six gentlemen, with nine others, went hackand camped upecn the same spot. It waso said that they were quite anxious to see the same sights that had been seen before. But a week passed, and they saw nothing. though they were quite successful in killing deer. At the end of about a week a man named Latimer got two small bogs in the neighbour. hood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to see how they would stand a strange noise. It was in the Fall, a frosty night. The hunters had a big fire and were in a great glee. For three hours the dumb bull was made to work from different points in the woods at a safe distance. At first the hunters were disposed to laugh, then they rot quiet, finally they commenced shooting. Many guns were fired. This was kept upuntli the man anrid two boys left, which was about midnight. Between midnight and day the whole fifteen men left the camp, leaving their meat and other thines, and went to a farmhouse, the house where the two boys who had been in the mischief were sleeping. Next morning the hunnere told wondertfl storlie shout what they saw. how it came close up to the fire, and how imper. vious it was to their bullets, how it changed bnhout from an animal to a woman, and what it would say. The two boys were as still as mice for they had stolen off from their father by the persuasion of Latimer, who was himself ahunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. The fifteen men left that morning and went back to Mnrfreesborough to verify anti make good the ghost story of the year before. The story got into the newspapers and wanS the biggest sensation that had turned up forr many years. But it gut out that a hunter and two boys had scared them away. This was denied, and the ghost theory was main tained with heroic verity, This knighthood service In the laud ot ghosts took place fifty-three years ago. All the paricipants are dead but oneof the boye who lives to write this story and to verify itie truth. 