THE GOLDS HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that vraa not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wreck of the Gro3venor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XX. -(contiK-ied). It wa3 the custom of the watches to get supper together, and shortly before four bells (six o'clock) the men having finished the meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, and the sun descending in such splendor that you would have thought yourself in parallels higher than those of the Slietlands to have seen the bright flames gushing out of the hazy crimson vortex and the lines of ribbed clouds robed in gold and orange and pink and scarlet, with the sky a most delicate dim green between them, and the sea coming with a bright copper glare upon it out of the west and sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There never was a more peaceful picture than the schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the flowing western glory the full bosoms of her canvas were tinged with orange, while in the concavities which faced the east, whence the wind was hlo wing as though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in the freshness and sweet ness it gatheredfrom theoceanin its flight; in those concavities the shadows lay like the blue dusk of evening, thus furnishing an exquisite contrast to an eye so situated as to embrace both the convexities and hollows of the sails. There was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr. For tescue and Hiram were drinking tea on deck ; Stone was below. In the bows were the crew, sitting on the windlass end or leaning against the weather rail, the cook and Johnny in the midst of them, apparently yarning, or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, arguing, when he ca3t his glance forward, but speaking low with askant looks aft. It was the first dog watch, and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night ( duty or repose. The whole length of the i schooner was between Weeks and his men; j but If this were not enough so to subdue the voices of the crew a3 to render their words inaudible aft, there was the swing ing of canvas aloft as the Golden Hope rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and moving over the side, small straining and chafing noises ; and besides, Captain Hiram conversed with Mr. Fortescue, though no reference was made between them to what had paaaed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had been given to the cook by Johnny was being gravely discussed. "Mates," said Breeches, feeling in 'his trousers pockets for a pipe, '' what seems to me the queeresb part of thi3 job is, that if that there Johnny's yarn is true, its plain that the capt'n and the mate didn't know any more nor us what was the motive of this woyage." " That's what strikes me as therummiest part, too," said Tim Duck, a saucy- look ing, somewhat merry-faced seaman of 30\. " The parson evidently got to wind ward of the old man afore sailing, and now we're a fortnight out and the truth's told the skipper don't know what to do 1" " If he wants adwisin', I'm game for one," remarked the cook. " Who says he dunno what to do ?" asked Martin Goldsmith. "He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face couldn't be much longer than it is, but if there's any inward capsizal in a man ye're not going to see him smiling and appear ing heasy like Hiram there, as if he'd got the young woman he's a courting on his knee." "Dessay it's mere acting," said young Joe Hall. "There's too many skippers kncckin' about ashore, bullies, for Hiram to turn to and say he warn't goin to sail the schooner to a haunted island." "Johnny," said Breeches,in a severe voice, "d'ye mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost 021 an island in the Indian Ocean, and that we was bound out to fetch it ? J ust think. You're more'n half a fool recol lect, and afore you jumps down my throat with a screeching ' yes,' just overhaul what mind you've got, and see if you ain't mistook." "Fool or no fool," answered the boy, " I'll tell yer, if you was to hold me over the rail and say ye'd let go if I answered yes to what you've asked, I'd say yes. D'ye think I can't hear? S'elp me, as I'm sitting, what the parson said was a ghost wrote down a hisland for him-a female ghost-and says she was on it, and she opened her arms to the parson, and the parson he makes up his mind to go to her. An' here we are a-goin' ! 'Twarn't only that, neither. The ghost made the parson see the ship blazing up in the Indian Ocean, him being in England. And the skipper he talked of a ghost as come to a ship's wheel, and made a chap there fetch a Bible, and next day he drops down dead. There was nothen I didn't hear,[fool or no fool, William." " Well," said Henry Sawyer, with an uneasy glance aft at the .clergyman and a kind of writhe on the hatch he was sit ting on, " if Johnny ain't blundering, the look out of this woyage is the oncomfor tablest a respectable sailor could sign for. Why slaving 'ud be better than ghost hunting, damme." " What's a ghost like ?" said the cook. " Anybody ever see a ghost ?" "Did the parson tell the capt'n what the ghost was like?" enquired Gold smith. ".No," answered Johnny. "It wor j something as put it's arms out." { "Well," said Duck, "that's what ghosts do. I've seen 'em represented in the ! theayter. They comes up out of the holes under the stage, and points and talks with their arms. They never speaks. There's no good in sayin', as Sam did, there ! ain't no ghosts; 'cause if they'd never J been wisible how could they be drawed, j and how could play- hactors dress up like 'em ?" '' What I said was that no man ever yet see a ghost," exclaimed Sam Wilks,.an : ordinary seaman. " A ghost's a man's soul, and my father believed that when souls was liberated they got blowed about till they brought up, but no man ever saw a soul. Why, if it was something ye could look at, every time a chap died you'd see his soul flyin' away." " Tell yer what it is, mates," said Gold smith, " you may say it ought to be mid dim' warm in these parts, but its blasted cold to my notion." " Light a pipe," said Duck. "Jimmy," said Breeches, meaning Kitts, who was at the helm, "told me this afternoon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor that had mur dered a young person he was keeping company with. He hid the body and sailed away; but the girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she was on the footrope alongside of him. If he took the wheel she'd be holding the lee spokes. If he looked over the side he'd aee her in the water. When he came home she stepped on to the quay with him, and Jimmy said that his mate told him that when the man stepped over the side the young person made him take a coach and go down to where her body was, and dig it up and look at it, which he did, and then she made him take the coach back again and go to the police and tell 'em he had murdered her." '' Conscience is the name of that there glioat," Bald Duck. 14 Conscie nee be blowed,'' cried Breeches. "? Mean to tell me a man aa can murder a ' foGiig womau'a got any conscience 2" "Look here!" said the cook, t: what I'm thinking of is this - What's this here woyage about ?" There was a short siler.ee. " Whether," continued the cook, '' ghoats is to be believed In or to be denied of, I don't mean to take a hand in search ing after them. If Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson there's gone and bought this hooker 'spressly to find out a hialatid on which something that came to him when he was abed said it lived. I for one didn't sign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the captain, and larn from the captain hisa'slf what his motives are.'" At this moment Stone, who had been eating his supper in the cabin-the la3t meal on board ship is always called supper, though ashore it would be called tea csme on deck and took a turn or twu along the gangway, first casting a glance aloft, then running his eye round the sea till he came to the sinking sun that was then a truly glorious spectacle of iiuna and color, insomuch that the mere reflec tion of it in the sea yielded a score of shining and exquisite tints from the burn ing red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came sifting through the water to the schooner's side, where it died out and left the sea on the port beam a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gazing at for some moments with the sort of reverence in his face that the grandeurs and beauties of nature excite in plain and simple minds, after which his eye was taken by the crew talking to gether on the forecastle. It was im mediately evident to him that they had got under weigh with some topic of more than usual interest, and observing that all looked towards him as if they had a mind to speak, he quietly walked forward with a careless glance at the foretopsail, as if his idea was to see that all was right that way until he came to the windlass end, where he stood lightly looking round him. [To he continued,) 