MINING BY SPERITUAUSM. It has long been a standing joke amongst a section of Gympie residents, . tfaat certain mines there have for some years past been carried on by boards of directors who took their instructions from ' the spirits,' but up to date we have not heard of any big 'rises' beiDg credited to the table-rapping ghosts. At last the d|#iuuj -* uuvu got iuw tut) LLieauea ui iue law, and in ,a full report of a Supreme Court case, J. H. Pepper v. William Widdop, the Brisbane Courier of Wed nesday last furnishes some reading which, if not instructive, is at least very curious. The case is merely one of dis puted sale, aud it appears that the defendant Widdop refused to complete a sale of land to Pepper because the spirits had declared it to be gold-bearing. At tbe time of tbe alleged sale, two men Reinhold and Clark were diggiug on tbe land for gold, uuder agreement with Widdop. The following is portion of Widdop's evidence : — CriiBs- examineri by Mr. Power : When the agreement was made with Mr. Rein hold there was nothing said about tbe ' angels getting their share,' but some thing was said about the ' work of God getting a share,' which meant tbat share of the results of the mine were to be devoted to that which was considered rfffhtiinntinDDD (rnAiliiiua in ♦ this was to be spent, I presume, in what ever way was directed by the spirits ; I ds not know if the spirits were to point out where the gold was, but it might have been so ; I was not relying upon their aid, but Beinhold might have been. Mr. Power : And did not Reinhold expect the directious to be transmitted to him through his wife ? Mr. Widdop : I can't say ; it might have come in various ways; I cannot say what he expected at tbat time. Mr., Power : Did he ever tell you that he expected a message to be conveyed to him through Mrs. Beinhold from the spirit world ? Mr. Widdop : No, he did not, but I understood he expected messages, and directions either through Mrs. Beinhold or through others. I presume lie did, butl had very little to do witti it. Mr. Power : Do you remember when heexpectedMrs. Reinhold to be delivered of a miraculous child? Mr. Widdop : I beard of it. I knew Mrs. Beinhold, but I don't know what age she was. Mr. Power : Well, she was an elderly woman, about 60, wasn't she. Mr. Widdop : Yes. She was elderly, hut I don't think she was that age. I think she was about 50, but it was not a buiug LIIttL J. UULUUieil 1JJ V liLUU IUUUU about. ' Mr. Power : Well, it would have been a miraculous child. When did Mrs. Beinhold die? Mr. Widdop : More than twelvemonths ago, I should think. Mr. Power : Was there a posi- mortcm examination held on her body with a view of finding this miraculous child ? Mr. Widdop : I have heard there was. ' Mr. Power : Well, I believe the child was not found. Mr. Widdop*: I expect not ; I should think I would have heard of it if it had been. Mr. Power: Is it not a fact that since the death of Mrs. Beinhold, and tbe failure to find this miraculous child, Mr. Beinhold has taken very little interest.in the mine? Mr. Widdop : No, it is not ; he has been going to the mine off and on ever since, I believe ; I don't know tbat he left the mine for a considerable period after Mrs. Beinbold's death ; I used to meet him at s fiances, and I am not ashamed of it; I met him frequently after his wife's death at these seances, which were usually held in Brisbane ou Sunday mornings, but sometimes on other occasions ; he never told me he bad left off work, nor that he had any inten tion of doing so ; Clark is a spiritualist and I am, and so is Beinhold ; I have reason to be. Mr. Power : What iB the reason ? Mr. Widdop : Evidence. The ApoBtle Paul says ' We know.' Mr. Power : Yes, but you don't know where gold is. You have got no direction yet as to the disposal of anything that maybe found in the mine. Your ar rangement with Beinhold was tbat you were to get one-fifth. * Mr. Widdop : Yes, and Beinhold and his wife were to get two-fifths, James Clark was also to get a fifth, and .Louis Woolf was to get the other fifth. Mr. Power : Mrs. Beinhold was to get her share on behalf of the angels. Mr. Widdop : There was something of that sort. It's nearly four years ago, and I cannot have it fresh in my memory. Mr. Power : Well, she can't get it now. ?Mr. Widdop : I don't know ; she may Have become an angel. Mr. Power : Well, Woolf is dead too. What is to become of his fifth ? Mr. Widdop : I don't know : I don't know what heirs he may have. This agreement, so far as / was concerned re ferred to heirs, executors, and adminis trators. Mr. Power: Did Mrs. Widdop have possession of that agreement ? Mr. Widdop ; She had possession of it :and she may have it now. She refused to give it to me. Mr. Power : Why does she refuse ? Mr. Widdop : I can't tell unless she iB In league with tbe Philistines, and wishes me to do an act of injustice. Mr. Power: Did Beinhold sign the agreement according to which the angels were to get a share of the proceeds? Mr. Widdop : I don't think so. I would not like to swear it, but I don't think be did. I don't call it an agree ment, but the basis upon which an agree ment was made. I can't swear that he did not sign it as a complete agreement. ' Mr. Powgr : Do you know whether Mrs. Beinhold signed it on behalf of tbe ' angels ? Mr. Widdop: I believe there was a name purporting to be that of a spirit. To the best of my belief the signature was ?' E. S.' Mr. Power : Have you any idea what these initials stand for? Mr. Widdop : He professes to be Emanuel Swedenborg; I think I can Bwear that I did not sign the agreement, but I expected it to be the basis of my agreement with Mr. Beinhold tbat they should irilrie as long as they liked; I don't think this was mentioned in the agreement ; it wasjtbe basis of any agree ment not the details of working ; tbey were digging before I purchased the land, and I nad heard something to the effect .-that Mrs. -Beinhold had told them where to dig. Mr. Power : Didn't Bhe get a map of a parish or goldfield and put a pen or something on it and say 'Die on that spot and you'll find gold ?' Mr. Widdop:: I never knew her to do tbat, but I have known her to do a very strange thing, something similar to it. Mr. Power : What? Did she use a pen or a driving-rod. Mr. Widdop: No, neither; she became entranced ; I brought a small piece of atone down from a certain claim on Gympie myself, iu no way telling her where it came from ; I left it with her and said. ' Jjet our friend say is there anything about this, and I'll call in two or three days to know tbe result two or three days after I called again and she said, ' You know the etone you brought the otter day ; I went Into a tranoe, and when I came wit a GyjBpl# any wa spread1 before - the, 'and the stone you brought was placed here,' placing it over thelvery-lplafee I brought it from, without any knowledge from me about it, or from anyohe else as far as I could see ; tbe map embraced tbe middle part of the Gypmpio goldfield. Mr. Power: Of what size was the stone? Mr. Widdop ; About 2in. by lin. Mr. Power : How many acres on such a map would a stone that size cover ?' Mr. Widdop : All I know is that it wsb on the claim where it was obtained, the Louisa prospecLing claim. Mr. Power : Did ynu see her in the trance ? Mr. Widdop : No, not at that time, but I have seen her and talked through her for perhaps two hours at a time to an intelligence far higher than hers ; I may have talked about Enotrcera. if thev liked to talk about it tbey did so. Mr. Power : You heard tbat Mr. Uhr who was sent to the Enoggera by tbe Government said there was no payable gold there. Mr. Widdop : JNo, I did not hear it but if be did I do not believe it. I prefer my own judgment of the formation, hut I think there is nothing down deep enough yet. Mr. Power : Have you had any com munication with Mrs. Reinhold since her death. Mr. Widdop : I have, but not about Enoggera ; it was not part of the agree ment that Mrs. Beinhold was to do noth ing but communicate with tbe angels from time to time ; there was nothing of that sort in it, and there was no condi tion that I was to find the pecuniary assistance necessary. 