Secret Meeting of Council. When the Municipal Council had got into secret meeting yesterday, the door was locked. The clerk looked under the table ostensibly to see that not even the ghost of a reporter was there, but really to bring up a bottle said to contain a familiar spirit. Its contents having been passed around in a loving bowl, his Worship the Mayor said, 'Well, gentlemen, what do you propose to do? The depot is at Kelvin Grove; everybody knows that. There are some persons who say that it smells badly ; I have never seen it do so. These persons are not nightsoil men, at least I do not believe they are, and what they know about a thing out side their profession it is impossible to say. However, gentlemen, as I said, the matter is before you.' It happened that this matter was riot before them, it was still at Kelvin Grove, full in sight of the petitioners. But this brought the old horse of the council to his feet. He said, 'Mister Mayor, a chiel is among ye taking notes. They may be printed and pub- lished, and no questions asked. As I said a chiel is among ye. The depot, Mr. Mayor, is at Kelvin Grove ; it has been there for years, and a chiel is among ye.' The Mayor looked uncomfortable, shuffled his feet under the table, and glanced round, but could see no chiel. The old horse was grinning, for at this moment the young horse jumped up and said, 'Mister Mayor, I am only a boy, and it shames me to see so many older men than I am sitting round this table when I am here. As you said, Mister Mayor, the depot is at Kelvin Grove, I do not know why it should not be there. Should be most happy to see it at Woolloongabba, but we have not room for it. Our plan is to divide these things, to spread them over a large area, and we keep a part of our nuisance in the drains at the very door of the council room. But, as I said, I am only a boy. It is my misfortune not to have been born before my father, for then I should have been as old as any of you.' Something had been said about Galloway's keeping a private depot. He admitted the soft impeachment. He said he had done so at one time in his life, but had sold the concern, and the purchaser did not continue the trade. At this moment the shade of Babbidge came upon the scene. 'I say, gentlemen,' said this rather substantial sprite, 'this here depot business is going to upset your little apple cart. You may shut yourselves up here as much as you like, but it will all come out on Thursday. You cannot keep it, gentlemen. You may think that you are going to put your shoulders to the wheel of this injunction and of this depot, but I tell you, gentlemen, it will all come out.' This spirited address brought the whole council up standing. A feeling began to prevail that perhaps they could shut up the depot easier than they could shut up the Supreme Court, and the old bird of the council moved that they adjourn sine die to prepare plans for anew depot to be submitted to next meeting. The familiar spirit was again in voked, and the council broke up. 