TIE SftllflLLIE. To Call Her Mine. jj j By Waitee Besant.J *j Author of 'All Sorts and Conditions oj Men,' ' Tltf ?i Jteyoll of Man.' ' Dorothy Forster,' ?? Children of \-- Gibcon,' §c. ? Chapter I.— DAVID MAKES A STATEMENT. ' I will now,' said the German, ' read your statement over, and you can sign it if you like. Kemember, however, what your signature may mean. As for what I shall do with it afterwards, depends on many thing's.' ' Do what you like with it,' replied the Englishman, fclowly and huskily. *? Send it to the police in London, if you like. 1 don't care what becomes of it, or of myself either. For 1 am tired of it; I give in. There ! 1 Rive in. No one knows what it is like until you actually come to fight with it.' He did not explain what ' it ' was; but the other seemed to understand what he meant, and nodded his head gravely though coldly. ' It,' spoken of in this way, is generally some foe to man. If toothache, or earache, or any ordinary physical evil had been meant, that German, or any other German, Frenchman, Russian, or Englishman, would have nodded his head with a sympathetic murmur. Since there was no murmur, therefore there -was no sympathy. The two men were, as you will presently admit, a most curious couple to look upon, set among most remarkable surroundings, if only there had been any spectators or audience to watch and admire them. The scene— none of your conventional carpenters' scenes, but a grand set scene— was, if possible, more interesting than the couple in the foreground. For in front there stretched the sea shore, the jiltle waves lapping softly and creeping slowly over the level white coral sand; beyond the smooth water lay the coral reef with its breakers ; at the hack of the sandy Fhore was a gentle rise of land, covered with groves of cocoa palms and bananas; among them were clearings planted with fields of sweet potatoes and taro ; two or three huts were visible beneath the trees. Again, beyond the level belt rose a great green mountain, five or six thousand feet high, sleep, and covered to the summit with forest. Here and there a perpendicular cliff broke the smoothness of the slope, and over the cliff leaped tiny cascades— threads of light sparkling in the evening Bunshine. The time was about six — that is, an hour before sunset; the air was warm and soft ; the sloping sunshine lay on grove and clearing, sea nhore mountain side, forest and greeniield, making every thing glow with a splendid richnessand prodigality of colour, softening outlines and bringing out new and unsuspected curves on the hill-side. The mid-day sun. makes these thick forests black with shade; the evening sun lights them up, and makes them glorious and warm with colour. As one saw the place this evening, one might see it every evening, for in JS'ew Ireland their is neither summer nor winter, but always, all the year round, the promise of spring, the heat of summer, and the fruition of autumn ; with no winter at all, except the winter of death, and stretch out white arms, spectral and threaten ing, among their living companions in the forest. Sometimes one may see whole acres of dead forest standing like skeletons by day and like ghosts by night, till the white ants shall have gnawed their way through the trunks to prepare their fall, and till the young shoots at their feet shall have sprung up round them to hide the ghastly whiteness ot death. The reason of this commingling of spring and summer, autumn and winter, is that the latitude of New Ireland, as everybody knows, is about 4' south, which is very near the isothermal line. People who desire to feel the warmth of this latitude— a warmth which goes right through and through a man, like light through a pane of glass— need not go so far as New Ireland, but may stop on their way at Singapore, where there are not only no cannibals, but the hotels— there are no hotels in New Ire land—are ' replete,' as the advertisements say, ' with every comfort.' Considering that New Ireland has been visited by so very few, and that the place is as yet entirely unexplored, the fact that here were two Europeans upon it at the same time, and yet not arrived there with the same objects, was in itself remarkable ; the more so because its people have a curious and cultivated taste in cookery, and prefer roasted Brother Man to the roast of any other animal, .insomuch that missionaries have hitherto avoided these shores, feeling that to be killed and eaten before converting anybody would be a sinful wa6te of good joints. After the conversion of many, indeed, the thing might take the form and present the attractions of serviceable martyrdom. Where the situation and the scene were both so remark able it seems almost superfluous that to point out that the appearance of both men was also remarkable ; although, among such surroundings, and any might well strive to live and present an appearance up to the scene. One of them — the German — was a man of colossal proportions, certainly six feet six in height, and broad in proportion, with strong shoulders and well-shaped legs — both legs and shoulders being bare, and therefore in evidence. He was still quite a young man — well under 30. Hie hair was light brown, short and curly ; an immense brown beard covered his face and fell over his chest. His eyes were blue and prominent, and he wore spectacles. Bis dress was modelled generally, but with modifications, on the dress of the inhabitants of these islands. His only robo was a great piece of Fiji tapu cloth, white, decorated with black lozenges and a brown edging ; it was rolled once round his waist, descending to his knees, and was then thrown over his left shoulder, leaving the right arm bare. The sun had painted this limb a rich warm brown. He wore a cap something like that invented, and patented for the use of solitaries, by Robinson Crusoe ; it was conical in shape and made of feathers brightly coloured. He had sandals of thin bark tied to his feet by leather thongs, and he wore a kind of leather scarf, from which de pended a revolver case, a field-glass in a case, a case of instruments, and a large waterproof bag. These constituted his whole possessions, except a thick cotton umbrella, with a double cover, green below and white above. This he constantly carried open. He was smoking a large pipe of the shape well known in Germany. Lastly, one observed in him a thing so incongruous that it was really the most remarkable of all. You know the Robinson Crusoe of the stage ; you know the holy man or the hermit of the Royal Academy. Both the Robinson Crusoe of the stage and the St. Anthony of the desert in the picture, are just as clean as if* they had just come out of the bath, or at least bad been quite recently blessed with a heavy shower, and they are, besides, as well groomed as if they had just completed a careful morning toilette. Now, Robinson on bis island and the hermit in his desert may have been picturesque, but I am quite certain that they were always unkempt, unclean, and uncared-for. This young man — say this young gentleman ? — was most carefully groomed, although he was on a can nibal island. His hands were clean, and his nails did not look as if they had been torn off by the teeth— I have often thought of poor Robinson's sufferings in this respect— his face was clean; his hair neatly cut, though it was cut by Ms own hands, and had been brushedfthat day; his great beard was carefully combed ; and his toga of native cloth was clean. Now, a neat and clean beachcomber is a thing never heard of. Always they are in rags ; and, when they do descend so low as to wear the native dress, they have generally assumed and made their own the manners and custom of a native. This interesting person was, as I Lave said, a German. Now, what is pedantry in an Englishman is thoroughness in a German. No Englishmen could have worn this dress without feeling as if the whole world's finger of scorn was turned upon him ; but to the German the dress was part of the programme. He had learned the language, and what he could of the manners, before landing on the shore. A dress as nearly as possible approximating to the Polyne sian, garb was a natural accompaniment to the language. 1 he spectacles, the umbrella, and the cap of feathers were necessary concessions to European civilization. The other man, one could see immediately, was an English man. It was also clear to anyone who had eyes and under standing that he was an Englishman of country birth and breeding. To begin with, his clothes were not those of a sailor. The rough flannel shirt which had lost all its buttons and one of its sleeves; the coarse canvas trousers; the old wots broken down at hoel, and showing in the toes an in clination — Day, a resolution — )'or divorce between sole :ind upper; the broad shapeless fell hat,— all sj^kc of the soil. His gait and carriage sang aloud of ploughed iiulds: his broad and ruddy cheeks, his reddish-brown hair and beard spoke of the jSoutli or 'West of England. No doubt, he was once — how did such a one contrive to get to the shores of New Ireland?— a fanner or labourer. He was a well built man, who looked short beside this (all German. But he was above the average height. His age might be about six or eight and twenty. His hair hung in masses over bis shoulders, and his beard was thicker than his companion's, though not eo long; and so far from being clean and trim, he presented a very unwashed, uncombed, and neglected appearance indeed. His face, which had been once a square, full face, was drawn and haggard ; his eyes, which were meant to be frank, were troubled ; and his carriage, which should have been upright and brave, was heavy and dejected. He seemed, as he stood before the other man, at once ashamed and remorseful. «« T.iKfnn ? T will mad it Aamfnllx.' ntifl Rlnwlv.' Knid thf. German. ' Sit down while I read it. If there is a single word that is not true, you can alter that word before you sign.' The man sat down obediently— there was a curious slow ness about his movements, as well as his speech — while the German read the document, which was written very closely on two pages of a note- book. Space was valuable, because this note-book contained all the paper there was on the island of New Ireland, and had, therefore, to be husbanded. He read in a good English accent, not making more con fusion of his f 's and v's than was sufficient to assert his pride of nationality. And as he read, he looked down upon the man whose words he was repeating with contempt and astonishment. For the man had done so dreadful and terrible a thing ; ho had committed a crime which was hor rible, and required the white hent of rage and fury ; and yet the man looked so pitiful a creature ! ''Listen,' he said again, 'and correct me when I am wrong.' This was the paper which he read on the shore of the Pacific Ocean, and on. the island of New Ireland, one even ing in the year 1884 : — ' I, David Leighan, farmer, of the parish of Challa combe, Devonshire, being now on an island in the Pacific Ocean, where I expect to be shortly killed and eaten by the cannibals, declare that the following is the whole truth concerning the death of my uncle, Daniel Leighan, of the same parish, fanner : — ' He jockeyed me out of my property ; he kept on lend ing me money in large sums and small sums, and making me sign papers in return, and never let me know how much I owed him ; he made me mortgage my land to him ; he encouraged me to drink and to neglect my farm. At last, when I was head over ears in debt, he suddenly brought down the law upon me, foreclosed, and took my land. That was the reason of our quarrel. I stayed about the place — sometimes at Callacombe, sometimes at Moreton, and sometimes at Bovey — till my money was nearly all gone. Then I must either starve, or I must become a labourer where I had been a master, or I must go away and find work somewhere else. I had but thirty pounds left in the world, and I made up my mind to go away. It was a day in October, of the year 1880, which I remember because it was tie cold, wet season of 1879 which finished my ruin, as it did many others, who that year came to the end of their capital or their credit. I went to see my uncle, and begged him to lend me thirty pounds more to 6tart me in Canada, where I'd heard say that fifty pounds will start a man who is willing to make his own'clearance and to work. I was that sick of myself that I was willing to work like a negro slave if I could work on my own land. But work in England on another man's land I could not. Said my uncle — I shall never forget his words — ''Nephew David,' he said, grinning, *' you've been a fool and lost your money. I've been a wise man and kept mine. Do you think I am going to give you more money to fool away *r' I wonder I did not kill him then and there, because it was through him and his lend ings that I came so low. He sat in his room at Gratnor, his account-books before him, and he looked up and laughed at me while he said it, jingling the money that was in his pocket. Yet I asked him for nothing but the loan of thirty pounds, which I might pay back, or perhaps I mightn't. Thirty pounds ! And I was his nephew, and by bis arts and practices he'd jockeyed me out of a farm of three hundred acres, most of it good land, with the brook running through it and a mill upon it. What was thirty pounds compared with whal he'd got out of me ' ?' I remember very well what I said to him — never mind what it was— but 1 warrant he laughed no longer, though he kept up his bullying to the end, and told me to go to the Devil my own way,' and the farther from my native parish the better. So *I left him, and walked away through Watercourt to John Exon's Inn, where 1 sat all that day drinking brandy and water. I told nobody what had hap pened, but they guessed very well that I'd had a quaarel with my uncle, and all the world knew by that time how he'd got my land into his own possession. 'About G in the evening Harry Rabjahns, the black smith, came to the inn, and Grandtather Derges with him, and they had a mug of cider a-piece. And then, being more than a bit in liquor, but not so far gone as not to know what I was saying, 1 began to talk to them about my own affairs. I told them nothing about the quarrel with my uncle, but I said, what was quite true, that 1 had no htomach to stay and take labourer's wage in the parish where I should see all day long the land that had been mine and my father's before me, and his father's, further back than the church register goes. Why, the Sidcotos and the Lcighans came to Challacombe together — the Sid cotes to Sidcote Farm and the Leighans to Berry Down — as everybody knows, when it was nothing but hillside and forest, with never a house, or a field, or a church, or any thing upon it. Therefore, I said I should go away ; and it was my purpose to go away that very evening. I should walk to Bovey Tracey, I said ; I should take the train to Newton Abbot and so to Bristol, where I should find a ship bound for foreign parts. That was what I said ; and perhaps it was lucky I said so much. But I don't Imow, because the verdict of the jury I never heard. '? 'Well, Mr. David,' says Harry the blacksmith, ? you've been an unlucky one, sir, and we wish you better luck where you be coing — wherever that may be.' And so said Grandfather Derges. And Mrs. Exon must pour out a last glass of brandy and water, which I took, though I'd had ' David makes a statement.'— To Call Her Mine, more than enough already. Then we shook hands and I came away. ' 'Twas then about eight and there was a half moon, the night being: fine and breezy, and flying clouds in the sky. As I crossed the green, the thought came into my head that I was a fool to go to Bristol when Plymouth and Falmouth were nearer and would suit my purpose better. I could walk to Plymouth easy, and so save . the railway money. Therefore, I resolved to change my plan, and, instead of turning to the left by Farmer Cummings', I turned to the right at Ivy Cottage, and walked across the churchyard, and took the road which goes over Heytree Down to Widdi combe, and then leads to Ashbutton and Totnes. il It was only a chance, mark you, that I took that road; only a chance. I did not know, and I did not suspect, that my uncle had ridden over to Ashburton after I left him. All a chance it was. I never thought to meet him ; and he might have been living till now if it hadn't been for that chance.' The man who waB listening groaned aloud at this point. ' The first two miles of the road is a narrow lane between high hedges. 'What with the brandy I had taken, and the memory of the morning quarrel, I was in as bad a temper as a man need to be ; which was the reason why the Devil took possession of me. ' Presently I passed through Heytree Gate, and so out where the road runs over the open down, and here I began to think— the Devil getting in at my head — what I would do if I had my Uncle before me ; and the blood came into my eyes, and I clutched the cudgel hard. Who do you think put that thought into my head? The Devil. Why did he put that thought into my head? Because the very man was riding along the road on his way home from Ash burton, and because I was going to meet him in about 10 minutes.' ' 'Why,' asked the German, looking up from the paper, ' why is it that criminals and ignorant people cling so fondly to their Devil V' As nobody replied, he went on reading. ' I heard the footsteps of his pony a long way off. I was in the middle of the open road when I heard him open Hewedstone gate with his hunting-crop and clatter through. I saw him coming along in the moonlight. While he was still a good wayftff , before 1 could see Mb face, I knew who it was by the shape of bis shoulders and the way he bent over the pony as he rode. Then I saw his face, and I stood still by the s'ide of the road and waited for him. * Murder him ! Murder him !' whispered a voice in my ear. Whose voice was that V The Devil's voice. ' My etick was a thick heavy cudgel with a knob. I grasped it by the end and waited. 'He did not sec me. He was looking straight before him, thinking, i suppose, how he had done well to get his nephew out of the way— the nephpw he had robbed and ruined. So, as he came up to me, I lifted my arm and struck him on the head once, crying, ' Give me back my land, villain !' But I do not know whether he hoard me or saw me ; for he fell to the ground without a word or a groan. ' He fell, I say, from his pony, clean on to the ground, his feet slipping from the stirrups. And there he lay, on the broad of his back— dead. ?? He was quite dead. His face was white and his heart had ceased to beat. I stood beside him for an hour, waiting to see if he would recover. I hoped he would ; because it is a dreadful thing to think that you have murdered a man, even when you are still hot with rage. If he would only recover a little and sit up, I thought, I should be a happy man. ' But he did not. He lay quite still and cold.' ' Then I began to think that if I were caught I should be banged. Would they suspect me ? Fortunately, no one had seen me take that road. I was certain of that, so far, and they thought I had gone to Bovey. I must go away as quickly as 1 could, and leave no trace or sign that would make them suspect me. ' Then I thought that if I were to rob him people would be less inclined to think of me ; because, though I might murder the man who had ruined me, they would never be lieve that I would rob him. ' I felt in his pockets. There was his watch — no, I would not touch his watch. There was some loose silver, which I Jell. There was a Lag containing money. 1 know not how much, but it was a light bag. This 1 took. Also ho had under his arm a good-sized tin box in a blue bag, such as lawyers carry. The box I knew would con tain his papers, and his papers were his money. So I thought 1 would do as much mischief to his property as I couiu, ana i iook mai uox. j.uun x wcui iiwuy, iranug him there cold and dead, with his white cheeks and pray hair, and his eyes wide open. I felt sick when I looked a t those eyes, because they reproached me. I reeled and stag gered as I left him, carrying the box with me in its blue bag, and the little bag of money. ' 1 was not going to walk along the road. That would have been a fool's act. I turned straight off and struck for the open moor, intending to cross Hamil Down, and so, by way of Post Bridge, make for Tavistock and Plymouth. And lremembered a place where the box could be hidden away, a safe place, where no one would ever think of look ing for it, so that everybody should go on believing that the old man had been robbed as well as murdered. This place was right over the Down, and on the other side, but it was all on my way to Post Bridge. ' I chinbed the hill then and walked across the top of Hamil Down. On the way, I passed the Grey Wether Stone, and I thought I would hide the bag of money in a hole I knew of at the foot of it. Nobody would look lor it there. Not 20 people in a year ever go near the Grey Wether. Then I walked down the hill on the other side and got to Grimspound, where I meant to hide the other bag with the box in it. ' Tell them, if you ever get away from this awful place, that the box lies on the side nearest Hamil, where three stones piled one above the other make a sort of little cave, where you might think to draw a badger, but which would never make anyone suspect a hiding blace. The stones are in the corner, and are the first you come to on your way down. There I put the box, and then I walked away past Vitifer to Post Bridge, and then along the high road to Two Bridges and Tavistock. But I did not stop in Tavis tock. Perhaps there would be an alarm. So I went on walking all the way without stopping— except to sit down si bit — to Plymouth. There, 1 got a newspaper ; but I could read nothing of the murder. Then I took the train to Falmouth, and waited there for three days, and brought a a newspaper every day — one would surely think that a murder in a quiet country place would bo reported ; but 1 could find not a single word about my murder. ' Then I was able to take passage on board a German ship bound for New York. I got to New York, and I stayed there until my money was all gone, which did not take long. There I made the acquaintance of some men, who told me to go with them, ior they were going West. They were all, I found, men who had done something, and the police were anxious to take them. I never told them what I had done, but they knew it was something, and when they found out that I knew nothing about robbery and burglary, and couldn't cheat at gambling and the like, they set it down that it must be murder. But they cared nothing, and I went along with them.' ' Your confession, my friend,' said the German, stop ping at this point, ' of what followed— the horse-stealing adventure, your own escape, and tho untimely end of youi companions ; your honesty in California, and its interrup tion ; your career as a bonnet or confederate ; and your experience of a Californion prison— all are interesting, but I cannot waste paper upon them. I return, therefore, to the material part of the confession. And with this I conclude.' ' I desire to state that from the first night that I arrived in New York till now I have every night been visited by the ghost of the man I killed. My uncle stands beside tho bed — whether it is in a bed in a crowded room, or on the ground in the open, or in a cabin at sea or on the dock — whether I am drunk or sober, he always comes every night. His face is white, and the wound in his forehead is bleed ing. ? Come back to England,' he aays, ? and confess the crime.' ' I must go back and give myself up to justice. I will make no more struggles against my fate. But because I am uncertain whether 1 shall live to get back, and because I know not how to escape from this island, I wish to have my confession written and signed, so that, if I die, the truth may be told.' Thus ended the paper. 'So,' said the big German, 'you acknowledge this to be your full and true confession'' ' I do.' ' Sign it, then.' He produced from his bag a penci and gave it to the man, who signed, in a trembling hand, 'David Leighan.' Under the signature tho German wrote, ' Witnessed by me. Baron Sergius Von Holsten.' This done, he replaced the notebook in his wallet. ' The reason why I wanted you to sign the paper to night,' he said, ' is that there seems as if there might be a chance of vour getting away from the island.' ' Look out to sea.' They were almost at the extreme south point of the island— the maps call it Cape St. George, but what the islanders call it has not yet been ascertained. In the west the Bhores of New Britain could be seen, because the eun was just sinking behind them ; to the south and the east there was open sea. ' I can see nothing.' ' Look through my glass, then.' ' I can see a ship — a two-masted sailing ship.' ' She is in quest of blackbirds. She will probably send a boat ashore. Fortunately for you, the people are all good to fight. You will, therefore, if she does send a boat here, have a chance of getting away. If she saih? north, and sends a boat ashore 50 miles or so further up the coast, that boat's crew will be speared, and you will probably see portions of their arms and legs for somelittle time to come in the huts. Well,' my friend ' — for the man shuddered and trembled — ' better their arms and legs than your own. Yet, see the strange decrees of fate. The men in the boat are very_ likely no worse than their neigh bours. That is to say, they will have done nothing worse than the smaller sins freely forgiven by every tolerant person. They have drunk, fought, sworn, lied, and so forth. But they have not committed murder. Yet they will be speared; while you, thanks to my protection, have hitherto escaped, and may possibly get clean off the island. Yet consider what a sinner — what a shiner and a criminal — you have been. Now, my friend, the sun is about to set. In ten minutes it will be dark, and we have neither candles nor matches. Go to your bed and await the further commands of the Herr Ghost, your respectable uncle. On the eve of your departure, if you are to go to-morrow, he will probably be more peremptory and more terrifying than usual. Do not groan more loudly than you can help, because groans disturb neighbours. Such is the abominable selfishness of the repentant that their remorse j is as gTeat a nuisance to their companions as their crime ?was an annoyance to their victims. Go to bed, David, and await the Herr Ghost.' Chapter II.— A JONAH COME ABOARD. j 'Then you think,' said the Mate, looking about him with doubt, 'that we shall do no business here?' He was a young fellow of two-and-twenty or eo, a frank and honest-looking- sailor, though his business was that of a cunning kidnapper. Perhaps he had not been loug enough at it for the profession to get itself stamped upon his forehead. He was armed with a revolver, ready to hand, and a cutlass hanging at his side. Behind him were four sailors, also armed, in readiness for an attack, for Polyne- ! nesians are treacherous : and in the boat, pulled as near the shore as the shallow water allowed, were two more men, oars out and in their hands, guns at their side, ready to shove off in a moment. But there were no islanders in sight, only these two Europeans : one a tall man of nearly soven foot, dmssed in fantastic imitation of thy natives : and the other, appa rently, an ordinary beachcomber, quite out of luck, ragged, dejected, and haggard. A little way oil' tho land lay the schooner. Her business was to enlist, kidnap, procure, or secure, by any means in the power of the captain and the crew, as many natives as the ship would hold, and to bring ; them to North Queensland, where they would be hired out to the planters, exactly as the redemptumers were hired out, iu the last i:e:itury, in 'Maryland and Virginia, to work out their tei'in of wrviri1, ;;nd also exactly like the rcdemp tk'iicrs, to find th.it term indefinitely prolonged by reason of dolit for UiIkicu'i, r.li'lhrs, rum, and all kinds of things. Thpy would bo' privileged to cultivate sugar, coffee, and nllirr tropical p7-xlurti-u]s, and to witness, a long way off, (In: choicest blessings of civilisation; they would also be allowed to clu'cr (heir souls with the hope of some day l-oturniuij; to their native islands where these blessings have nut yet penetratcl, and where they would have to live out the remainder of their days in sava^uiy of ili.it depl.jiable kind which enjoys perpetual sunshine and warmth, with plenty to eat, nothing to wear, and nothing to do. Warmth, food, 'and rest — for these as a bribe what would not our people resign of their blessings ? The clothes they wear ? Well, it would be a good exchange, indeed, from their insufficient and ragged clothes in a cold climate to none at all in a placo where none are wanted. To exchange the food they eat for the food of. the South Sea Islander V Well— apart from roasted Brother— it would certainly seem, at first, a change for the better, To exchange work— hard, horrible, unceasing work— for rest ? Who would not r— oh ! who would not ? Free institutions and Socialist clubs for a country with no institutions at all ? Why, why, is there not an'extensive emigration of the Indolent, the Unlucky, and the out-of-work for these fortunate islands 'i ' It, is an unlucky voyage,' said the Mate, gazing earnestly at the two men before him, whose appearance and the contrast between them puzzled him. ' Two months out and five weeks becalmed; no business done, and the skipper drunk all day long. Say, strangers, how did you come here?' ' ,. _ ' For my part,' said the German, 'lama naturalist. 1 make the coleoptera my special study. I have, I believe, enriched science with so many rare and previously unknown specimens, if I succeed in getting them to Europe, that my fani9 will be certainly' remembered in scientific history as one of those who have advanced knowledge. Can any man ask more?'' ' Colly !— colly what?' asked the Mate. 'But never mind your Colly-what's-hur-namc. How the devil did you get such a rig, man 'r' ' I am a linguist,' the Baron Sergius von Holston went on to explain, ' as well as a naturalist. I therefore learned the language before landing here, having found a native or two of New Ireland in the mission of the Duke of York Island. It is a great thing to know how to talk with these black children. I am also a surgeon and a physician, so i that I can heal their wounds and their diseases when they get any. You see, further, that I am bigger than most men. I am also thorough. I adopted their dress —at least, some of it,' he looked complacently at his toga of tapu cloth : 'and, therefore, being able to talk to them, to impress them with ruy stature, and to cure them, I landed among them without fear. When they came round me with their spears I shouted to them that I was a great magician, come to their help straight down from the sun. Ana as 1 know a little prestidigitation ami conjuring, and am a bit of a ven triloquist, I am from time to time able to work a few of tho simpler miracles, bo that they readily believe me.' ' How long are you going to stay here ':' ' 1 know not; New Ireland is rich in new species : but I shall have to stop as soon as my means of collection and description come to an end. Whei; tint day comes 1 shall be glad to see a ship. But it will not be yet '.'' ' They may kill you.'' *' It is possible.' The Biiron shrugged his tall shoul lers. ' They are like little children. It nr.iv crci:- to --n-; --t: tlii'in some day t i find out what 1 should do, and how 1 should i look, if ho wore tu drive his spear into my back. We all run our little dangers, and must not allow thorn to stop our work/' The Mate looked doubtful. ' I am also an ethnologist, and I fissure you, Lieutenant, that the study of these people is of profound interest.' ' Have you no arms ?' ] ' I have a revolver : but what is one revolver against the I spears of ii whole people? I have really no other weapon but my power of persuasion and my reputation for magic and sorcery. These will not fail ine, unless, as I said before, one of them may be anxious to see how a god behaves and how he looks with a, spear stuck through him.' ' And how do you live?' ' The people bring me food every day. If they did not, I should alilict them with horrible misfortunes, as they very well know. I should tell them that in three days such a one would be dead, and then it would bo that man's duty to go away and die, iu fulfilment of prophecy. I suppose his friends woulJ never speak to him again if he refused to fulfil the words of the Prophet, so great is their faith. They bring me the j unripe cocoanut for its milk ; there are fish of every kind in the sea, which they net and spear for me ; there are kangaroo and cassowary on the hills, which they snare and trap for me. There are birds, which they shoot tor me; there are mangoes, bread-fruit, bananas, yams, sweet potatoes, and taro. I assure you we feed very well. Don't we, David ?' He laid his hand ou tnc other man's ' shoulder. ' We have also tobacco. There is, however — ? | which, you regret, David, don't you ': — no ram on the ] island/' ! 'Is your — your — chum also worshipped?' asked 1 lie Mate, ^regarding David with an obvious decrease of in terest. 'No; David is recognised as of inferior clay. This poor fellow was wrecked upon the island ; he came ashore on a plank, the rest of the ship's crew and pas sengers having given indigestion^to the sharks. He is not happy here, and he would like you to take him off the island.' 'Yes,' said David, eagerly, but still in his slow way, *' anywhere, so that I cad only get on my way to England.' ?' He was just getting off his plank, and the people were preparing to receive him joyfully, warmly, and. hos pitably, after their fashion : that is to say, into their pots — they have a beautiful method of cooking, in a kind of sunken pot, which would greatly interest you if you were a captive and expecting your turn— when I fortunately arrived, and succeeded, by promising an eclipse if I was disobeyed, in saving him. The eclipse came in good time ; but I bad forgiven the people for their momentary mutiny, and I averted its power for evil. So long as David sticks close to mo now ho is safe. If he leaves inn his end is certain. But ho is no um; to me. and for certain reasons I should very much prefer that lie was gone. Will you take him ?' *' The bhip doesn't carry passengers,' said the Mate ; ' besides ? ' ' He is harmless, and you ran trust him not to make mischief. 1 will pay for him if you like ' ' What docs ho want to go home for?' asked the Mate duubtfulh. Indeed, the appearance of the man did n jf warrant the belief that lie* would be welcomed by his friends. ' He has to pay a pilgrimage. He has to deliver a message before a magistrate, and to be subsequently elevated to a post of great distinction,' said the Baron. ' Humph I' said the Mate. ' He looks as if he'd done something. Better keep ii these latitudes, stranger, where no one asks and no one cares. But about his fare — who's to pay for his passage and his grub, if we take him ?' 'You will return some time to Queensland. Take or send this note.' He took his notebook, tore off half a leaf. r.ud wrote a few words upon it. ' Send this note to Messrs. Hengstenburg and Companj-, Sydney. Tell them where you got it, and they will give you £2*0 for it, and will thank you into the bargain for let'ing them know that, so far, Baron Sergius You Hokten is safe. If there is any money left after paying for your passenger, give it to this poor devil. He is not such a bad devil, though he looks so miserable, unless he begins to confide in you. When he does that, lock him up in a cabin. Perhaps he has done something, as you say ; what do we know ? As for doing things,' he said, regarding his humble companion with the utmost severity, ' a man who is tempted to conurit a crime ought always to rcmembi.':- that lie will some day, in all probability, bu wrecked on a desurt island, an island of caum'bals, in the company of one, and only one, other European, and that mm greatly his superior; and he ought truly to _ resolve that' under no temptations will he do anything which may make him a nuisance and a bore to that companion through the vehemence of his repentance.' | David Leierhan groaned. ' Man,' added the Baron, sententiously, 'does not live for himself alone; and he who rashly commits a crime may hereafter seriously inter fere with the comfort of his brother man.' David hung his head. ' I forgive you, David. I have protected you from the natives' spears and their pots and carving-knives for six months, though it has cost me many foolish threats and vain curses. I have fed you and sheltered you. I have been rewarded by penitential groans and by outward tokens of fervent contrition. These have Eaddened my days and ha k'e disturbed my slumbers. Groan henceforth into other ears. I forgive you, however, only on one condition that you return no more. If you do, you shall be speared and potted without remorse. As for the document in my notebook ? ' ' I shall get to England before you,' said David ; ' and when 1 got there I shall go at once to Challacombe or Moreton and make a statement just like the one you have in your notebook. By the time you come to England I shall be. ? ' ' Exactly,' said the Baron, smiling sweetly. ' You will have been a public character. Well, to each man comes, somehow, his chance of greatness. I hope you may enjoy your reputation, David, though it may bo short-lived.' The Mate, meantime, was considering the note jrat into his hands. It was very 6hort, and was a simple draught upon a merchant's house in Sydney— the shortest draught, I suppose, ever written, and on the smallest piece of paper. ' Messrs. Hengstenburg and ;Co., Sydney. Pay bearer £20. New Ireland. 18S4. Baron Sergtus vok Hol STEN.' 'I will take him,' said the Mate. ' The Captain is always drunk, so it is no use waiting to ask him. Most likely he will never know. I expect to be out another three or four months. He can come aboard with me. But, stranger,' he said, persuasively, 'can no business be done ? Are they open to reason ?' He looked round at the forest and the deserted huts. ' Can we trade for a few natives, you and me, between us ? Lord ! if I could only see my way to persuade 'cm to worship me, I'd — blessed if l wouldn't ! — I would ship the whole island. There would be a fortune in it.' 'They are open to no reason at all. In fact, if they ?were at this moment— nothing is more probable— to come down upon us unexpectedly, it would be a painful neces sity for me —if I valued my reputation as a prophet— to order them to attack; and spear both you and your crew ; otherwise, I should be considered a false prophet, and should pay the penalty in being myself speared and put into these curious lar^e sunken pots in which one lies so snug and warm. They are a bloodthirsty, ferocious race. In their cookery they are curious, as I' have already in ioniied you. They are wonderfully handy with' tin ir lances, aud they move in large bodies. Those pop-guns of yours would knock over two or three, but would bii ul no avail to save your own lives. Therefore, I would advise that you get into your boat and aboard vour ship with as little delay as possible.' (To Oc continued.) ' He fell from his pony clean to the ground.'— To Call Her Mine. 