[WiTurrN roRo own SECOND SHEET.] Si. was a black man. He was a very black man-a very black, black man-charcoal or Indian ink would make a mark on him. The white of his eye was black. Sam was a circus performer. To see him catch the cannon-ball, fired from a formidable-looking Krupp gun, as if it were a pea shot at him by a vagabond boy, and do funny business with it on the muscles of his brawny arms was a liberal education in gymnastics; and to see Sam make a human gun carriage of himself, and when the field-piece was fired from his shoulders, turn round and catch some two hundredweight of iron and toss it about like a whip stick, was something to remember. And Sam had a way of advancing his left foot, and kicking out with his right as if he were a mule going for the watch pocket of some inoffensive old gentle man, as he ducked his woolly head in response to the plaudits of the audi ence-when the 'Italiano-Franco Wide World and Patagonian Circus, with 50' trained hoises 'and 30 ~star per formers, had an audience - which covered him with glory. Still, strange and sad tbo relate, there was a remarkable reluctance on .behalf of the great paying public to recognise the merits and worth of the great Italiano-Franco Wide World and Patagonian Circus Company. True, there was in some respects generous recognition of its worth. Unkempt boys would:creep in under the inter stices of the tent pegs; or brave the dangers of the thick boots of the door keeper, and these eleemosynary spec tators were profuse in their applause. On matinee days, too, all the babies of Stockton and its surroundings (did I remark that the Great Patagonian Circus was pitched at Stockton?) were there-the bulk of them in the arms of nurses smaller than them "eles. .a t.... Still there was a lamentable lack of appreciation on behalf of the great paying public, and things were very sad and lonely with the boys. One morning a knock came to the door of the partitioned-off place which did duty for an' office, and a voice was heard asking: 'Is de boss dnr ?' And there stood Sam. 'Come in, Sam,' cried the proprietor of the show and the agent, who.were consulting as to the 'propriety of getting'a fresh corn and hay morchant -the other victim having got full of the show. Sam ducked his woolly path.,, In his hand he held his. hat-a very bad, even disreputable looking hat-which he twirled round and round. '.Morning, boss,' said Sam,' deferen tially. ' What can we do for you'? ' asked the .proprietor. ' Well,' said Sam, with considerable hesitation, as he made a perfect catherine-wheel of his battered old hat, ' Boss, I think I'll pass out.' ' What do you mean, lamr? ' ' Well, boss,' he said, ' you see the ghost don't walk; there's no treasury, you see. In my place at home where I come from, Professor Quackenboss used to say, Nature abhors a wacuum; and look here, boss,' he went on, lugubriously pulling out his waistcoat about a foot from his stomach, 'there's a wacuum here.' 'Do you know, boss,' said Sam, ' when they fires that cannon ball at me and I catches it, if it was a loaf of broad I'd bite it right up, and if that cannon on my back was a lump of beef I'd turn round and scorf it right away.' ' Well, Sam ?' broke in the agent. ' I know,' said Sam you're going to remind me that I had a grasshopper last week, and I was keeping him till he got fat, but when he got strong enough he hopped away. Dat's all very well, but I think I'll vamoose, I'll-you understand-kinder clear like-absquatulate. I" think you're foolish Sam,' said the agent. ' You know the rulos of circuses. If we don't' take it in, we can't pay it out. B3ut 'times will take a turn. You' see, Sam, what with Lent and.a. member of a first class family dyiihg,,thing, have not been veiy bright. :.. ' Yeos,' Sam acknowledged, dropping his hat in his nervous diffidence, 'dat'sa all very well and nice kinder argymont, but boss I does got so hungry, anld by the time dat first family gets over its grief, and Lent gets through, and dis cruel war is over, why whero'll be'poor Sam ?' 'No,' he went on,s 'they toll me boss that cullerd pussans of my appearance are in great demand about Wallsend and that neighbourhood to frighten the little boys and girls of the great when they wont go to sleep, and their kitchens they say are fair bursting wid turkoy and ham, and these things? No! I think I'll take my chances on the black bogie business. 'Well, Sam,' said the worthy pro prioetor of the Patagonian Circus, ' we can't stop you, though we're sorry you're going, and I'm sure I speak for all the company. Under the circa you'll have to do without the testimonial and purse of sovereigns.' 'Or de customary banquet, I pro sume.' ' Exactly so,' echoed the chief Pato gonian, ' or the customary banquet.' And so it was put up that Sam was to leave the Italians and French and Patogonians of the ring, many of whom were more familiar with Waratah than Milano, Fierenza, or Paris, and go he did. Duen Tu Szcoon. Tradespeople, notably bonifaces, stand circus performers out of luck up to a certain point. There is some poetry in trusting a man who arrayed in purple and gold goes round a ring standing up on a fiery un tamed steed, or ties iximself in knots, or fires himself through the empyrean over half a dozen horses' backs. But there is. a limit to human endurance, and whenChauema, the last of the Incas, or Signor Trotterini, the Piedmiontese prince of the arena, would approach Mr. Bung, who kept the Dog with Two Tails Hotel and airily ask ' Can I stand you up for a round this morning ? ' or 'May I bite your ear this morning, Carissima Bung, for a couple of bervies?' or ' My wool's not down yet; the drays are stopped by floods in the Murrumbidgee, can I over draft it for a long 'un ?'-tho answer was too often a mandate to go where cremation is cheaper than Dr. Creed proposes to make it. Things were indeed sad and lonely with the boys. At times, even they were obliged to take the long weary detour round, and to get into town in the morning and ceonsort with their-, it might be-more fortunate brethren of the sock and buskin or spangles and sawdust on Poverty Corner, where actors imost do congregate, for! the want of the three does, as the buffs say, demanded by the in exorable ferry company for .the trip across the harbour. A few mornings after Sam left the Patagonian Circus, several of the boys had thus padded the hoof, and when going up Bolton-street close to its intersection by Hunter-street they. saw Sam. Sam was gracefully lounging at the; door of Wood's Cafe, the e.aisou Dorsee of Newcastle, the Dohnonico's of theo Southern Hemisphere. . He had a half-burnt wooden match and was picking his glistening teeth. The boys. gathored round him and. exclaimed, 'Samn what are you doing here ?''!!: 'I am rooming here,' said Samwith befitting dignity. : 'Rooming (boarding) here ?;lere at 'Wood's ?' r . ' Dat's. 'bout ,it': .:,Sanm :roplied, haughtily.. .., ' But Sam,' they 'said; 'you' don't mean to say you live :hero-get your grub here ?. , . 'Perzactly.' , , ' Well, Sam,' asked one of the im pocunious boys, ' what did. you have for breakfast ?' ' 'Quail on toast,' was the instant. reply. i.. Quail on toast is the typical, costly, and epicurean dainty of America. 'It" is with their poor what duck and green peas are to those, of England,; pate de fols Bras to those of the Conti nent. To eat quail on toast is indica tive of the possession of vast wealth. ' Yes,' said Sam, ' I gets up this morning and has my barf and a glass of gin and bitters with Mr. Wood" (he's an elegant gentleman is Mr. Wood, and I like him much), and then I goes to the breakfast-room and' asks for the menu card. I looks' down it and sees quail on toast-that's good enough for me,' said Sam, con spicuously yanking out a piece of quail on toast from between two of his. big white tooth, 'fills my bill right up.' Away the boys went to carry the news of Sam's opulent magnificence. ' We saw Sam' they cried; where do you think Sam is ? ' At the Liverpool Asylum' sug gested young Nobbs, a colonial from Parramatta, who played as Don Carlos do Mancha, the bounding gazelle. ' Liverpool!' said they, ' he's only boarding at Wood's, and blowing himself out with quail on toast ?' ' Oh ! get out' they said, but as the boys had seen Sam denuding his teeth of quail fragments, it was accepted with much wonderment as a fact that he had fallen into lots of luck. The next day more of the boys went over to see the strange sight, Sam remaining at Wood's. It may be that Sam expected them. He had raised a largo, though somewhat faded and frayed, poncho. Theoponcho is a garmont little known now, but sonme years ago it was considered essential to the adormnent and cover ing of 'swolls.' It partakes of the nituro of a horse . rug and an ulstor, and Sam looked quite dignified in it. Ho had likewise oraised a quill toothpick with the name of the hotel stampeod on it; Wood having ordered about a million of them to present to his customers, being deotoermined that his namo should be in everybody's mouth. Samun looked very noble as he lolled at Wood's door, the poncho gracofully thrown.over his nmnssivo shoulders and the quill toothpick between his thumb and forefinger, as Shakspero's danldy hheld hi pouncets box. The boys advanced and wondering said, ' Hero yet, Sam ?' 'Bot yer life; I likes this place, and I likes Mr. Wood. I'm anchored outlas solid as a gob of mud.' ' Had your breakfast yet, Sam?' they asked. 'Yes boys,' said Sam, as he dex toriously brandished his toothpick' around his cavernous mouth and shining ivories. ' What did you have this morning ?' 'Well, boys,' said Sam, I gets up and goes to the barf room, has a good sluice, and goc down stairs, and finds Mr. Wood (a nice gomman, hMr. Wood), and has a cocktail-fine cocktails Mr. Wood tosses-not for everybody though; only for friends, and 'stinguished 'vi duals. Well, I goes then to the breakfast room, and looks at the cart. I concluded at first to change the pro gramme, but when I comes across .'quail on toast' I couldn't help it. I calls for it again, " quail on toast; good enough for me," and Sam, as he turned to go in the cafe, swelled out his poncho, waved his toothpick, and cried, " Good day boys-over the river-so long." Away again weont the boys, choke full of the wondrous transformation of Sam from a circus starveling to a swell, eating and roystering it at Wood's. And when they got back to the circus, which was doing a worse business than ever since Sam's defeo tion, their hearts were almost too full for utterance. OICP. III. Amongst the members of tho com pany was an old sceptic-a dreadful old unbeliever. IHe didn't believe in the story of the deluge; he laughed to scorn the idea that the beasts,went all of a body into the ark. A terrible man was the.old sceptic. - On the second occasion when the boys came back full of the wonderful news of Sam's magnificence the old scopti-c w~ho was popularly supposed to have 'soon better days,' and did odd jobs amongst the horses, a bit of carpentering, tenting, and anything to entitle him to his miserable grub--, was raking'up bits of orange pooli? ' cigar stumps, paper bags, one . bottles, worn programmes, and oth-. legacies of the few departed ones whao now" patronised the Italiano-Franco Oicus, friom the sa~1n l. into q~roa. I ', cnipped hi' the old saootic, Sthl black son of a sea eook--.he 0oomin~ ol Woods? I'd like 6o :'0.. W'ell,' said the .boys. ' you afdif easily do that;' and it was put ulpthat>. the old sceptic should4accompany them,. the ne-xt: morning,inclh..hoe accord in ly) .did,.'..... rani was there as bofore, poncho, quill toothpick, grandioso air, and. The boys gathered round. The old soptic stdod outside the circle of wponderors. In''rosponse to their queries, Sam ,expressed a determination, to stick to Woods, and further eulogised that Sotyer of the South. ..,Asked iIhat his breakfast consisted of, 'he oiied fo tlhe. bai-taste of in dulging onceo more in h]is favourito dish, ,' quail on toast,' .which -he do clared to be 'good enough for him.' .Then the old: sceptic elbowed his.. ,way throiugh the crowd, and approach-:,. ing Sam asked, ,. hat do ou say you've had? ':"Qaiil Itoast,',.roplied Sa.. .:, ':Ch 'l ;scoptic, in itheolanguage of: thorinmg,' hauled, off and planted' a .terrific blow in Sam's stomach. IBlack is 'he 'ras,. Sam turnoed pale,, anld advanmn? to the, sidowalk, re lieved lhimslf '.of: somothing that showed signs.of his. having rather re galed hinself on potato parings, stews, fish bones, and, other things common to the' biack kichen or the hash res taurant rather, than the dainties. of. Wood's. . ':, ' You black l son of a Hottentot can nibal,' said tlhe old "sceptic, ' do you.: call.that.quail on toast ?' 'No,' said Sam, ruof lly, ' dat's not.. quail obn t'sost, but (as if struck with a bright idedi to save his reputation foi veracity,. and still inspire a belief in his grandeur) ' dat's do stuffun-you don't. suppose I'd chuck up do bird ?' 