LAYING A GHOST. About two years ago a man in the employ o! Mr. Boplate, a farmer residing at Crowther, reported that he had seen at night, moving about in one of the paddocks, a white figure of giant stature. Very little attention wss paid t - the state ment of the man, who was about leaving ; but from that time up to lately the family has been annoyed by frequent visstations of a similar kind, varied occasionally by the appearance of a bright light moving about in the same manner. Iu the meantime the place earned, | amongst Bt'.perstitiouB people, the reputation of being haunted ; but worse than this, a stampede used to be caused amongst the horses in the paddocks, and some of the auimals were crippled by galloping about through the stumps and fallen timber. However, ghosts have, we suppose, only an allotted period. of existence, and the career of this one was destined to bo brought to a close, aud a rather ignominious one too. Mr. Beplate, who seems to have been sceptical as to the supernaturalness of the nocturnal visitant, and had often kept watch and ward in the paddocks for the purpose of making acquaintance with it, but had never been able to do so, was, a few weeks ago, aroused from his bed, to which he had only just retired, by the galloping of the stock in the paddock. The hour was early, ' and there was no difficulty in getting assistance ; bo, despatching three men in one direction, Beplate took another, and armed with the leg of a chair, went to seek his ghostship, to whose whereabouts he was guided by the appear ance of the bright light, and in a very short timo came up with a figure clothed in K-hite. In the meantime, the party of three had approached the ghost from au opposite side, and, attracting its attention, enabled Beplate to get close up to it before his presence was discovered ; but when this happened, the figure, in a menacing manner, approached him with arms outstretched and raised aloft. But Beplate wrs not to be daunted, and made for the ghost, which, in a most undignified way, turned and fled, but not soon enough to escape a well-aimed blow from the chair leg, which caused it to let out a yell ; and its assailant, at the same time grasping the weird habilaments and stripping them from the wearer, disclosed to view the same individual who, two years before, had been the first to report having seen the ghost. A confederate, who was watching the proceedings, partly sheltered behind a tree a short distance away, managed to get clear ; but the ghoBt has since been all penitence, fearing a prosecution, which in justice the ruffian ought be made to intct.— Burrangong Argus. ' ? 