The Mysterious Bell-ringiiixs. A great, strange, desolate, awful old houso stands in a quarter of New Orleans which onoe wae fashionable, but which is now a lurking-place for negroeB, European immigrante, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four huge stories in height, its material a Bolemn, dark-brown, Btony briok, itB front distinguished bytwoprojectingcrescentB, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wrongbt-iron gratings, it gives you tbe idea of a French ch&teau; rather than of an American dwelling. This aristooratio appearance is enhanoed by the solid architecture of the etableB, and by an enclosing wall nine feet in height, fringed with long iron spikes. It is still further enhanced by an unmistakable air of eolitude, negleot, and decay. Many panes of glass are broken ; some of the windowB are oloeed up with gray, cobwebbed boards ; the foundations of the front d steps are loosened, and the stonss are eliding down; no trace anywhere of swseping, dusting, repairing, or any other manner of care. In a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad ot substantial shelter, thie lordly mansion is uninhabited. Not a buman face ever looka from the bleared windows; not a human foot ever diBturbs the duet on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which has the air of marking the place for oternal loneliness, is afaBtening of ruBty nails and wire across the handle ol tbe bell-pull. Before this hoUBe gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it was still familiar to the feet ot the ariBtocracy of New Orleane, Mr. Henry Vonderlyn, then only twenty-four years old, rang one day at his door-bell. No answer. He rang agBin and waited ; he looked at the windows to see if tbe place was inhabited; be took a third pull at tbe agate lmob; still no answer. Meanwhile, either through tbe onormous key-hole or through tbe spacioue orack at the bottom of the door, both so charaoterietio of Southern arcbiteoture, he could hear stealthysteps and cautioue whisperings. "Do they take me for a robber?" he queried ; " or is there a negro insurrection panic abroad?" His patienoegave out, and he was about to depart, when a olose ooup6 drove up to the curb-stone. A lady in deep mourning, who was so veiled that be could not distinguish her features, but whose form and carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and dis- tinction, pushed open the door of the vebiole with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad eteps of the mansion. For a moment tbe two faced each other without speaking; then be ventured to say: "Am I addressing Mrs. Taillefer? " " Ah, Mr. Vanderlyn 1" she answered; " so you hsvo come on, as you promised. What a pity that 1 receive no one I However,"— after a brief hesitation—" I will reoeive you. Please oome in." Instead ot touching tbe bell, she rapped on the door with the head of her parasol. It was at onoe opened, Within stood two mulatto girls and a negro man; they seemed to be trembling, as if with fright. " We didn't dast open befo','oause it rung," stammered tbe negro, in a whisper, meanwhile bowing in ceremonious apology. " Never mind," replied Mrs. Taillefer, in an impatient tone and with a gesture which commanded silence. "If Mr. Pilkington calls, let him in. No one else." Signing to Vanderlyn to follow her. tho itny Xrno a parlor, spacious and lofty enough for a ball-room, and rich with old, aarved, mahogany furniture. " Have the kindness to sit down," she said. You see that 1 ought not to have received you. I am in moaming for tbe death of my hUBband. But you bad oome so far, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Besides, you contributed BO muoh to our pleasure at Saratoga. I am delighted to welcome yon." Under the oircumstanoeB Vanderlyn was slightly shooked at such olassio terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the Taillefers carefully, and, as he thought, profoundly; he had eet down Anthony Taillefer BB a devoted husband, and Diane Taillefer as a happy wife; he had supposed that, in oase of the death of either, the surviv.or would grieve passionately. Hence the Sallustian brevity of that announcement: "1 am in mourning for the death of my huBband," struck him temporarily dumb. (His anpleaBant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which bad oharmed his previous summer into a ssason of the Isole Felici. Such eyes 1 So intensely black, yet of so many Bbades of blaekne&e;, and so fnil of dazzling lightB I Whenever Vanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs. TaiUefer'e faoe, with the intention of determining whether it were entirely beautiful or not, he began and ended with looking at her eyes. It is known to as, however, that she was a brilliant brunette, with features slightly aquiline in type,enOlosedin.aflneoval. Herexpression was oslm,self-possessed, well-bred; bat, as people who were not bewitohed by her deolared, it was unpleasantly oold: if not distinctly aelfisb, it waaat least uneympathetio. In figure she was taller and more graoeful thanmoBt women of Frenoh blood; and her carriage was singularly upright, imposing, and, one might say, imperial. Vanderlyn gazed at her with the delicate sympathy, the almoBt religious respeot, wh^h ths young and pure must grant to bsauty in mourning. Tbe ohivalrous admiration with whioh this woman had inspired him, Bnd by meane of whioh she had drawn him a thousand miles merely to look upon her onoe more developed for the first time into something akin to love. He wae ready to clutoh himself by the throat with anger, when he discovered that, in spite of the aanctity of her fresh weeds, hs was oontemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation—not about the dead; or the widowhood; only about that pleasant .season in .Saragota—Vandsrlyn, in his youthful delicacy, roee to leave: "Don't go,"iirgod Mrs. Toillefer. "Don't suppose that you aro annoying me. I should not have let you in had that been possible. I have not halt done questioning you about things and people at the North. In epite of our local vanity, the North is our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a Parwiencn province. Stay to dinner. And while I go and dress, amuse yourself, in yoar masculine way, with books and pictures." While she was gone, Vanderlyn inspected a row of venerable oil.paintingB, mainly ot tbe French, but' a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, such as are to be found in New OrleanB in greater numbers than in - any other Amerioan oity. Presently he heard a knook at the outer door; then oame a slow, ponderous, groaning advance through the hall; then-he turned to look at a visitor.. The new-oomer was a man of prodigious and plethoric ooipulenoe. Although of the ordinary height, he seemed short, in consequence of the anwieldly size of his abdomen and tbe deformed hugeness of his head. Tbe locke, of long, thin oily-brown hair behind hie ears were oarefully combed upward and forward, to oonoeal as much as possible the baldness of hiB shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost devoid of eyebiows and eyelashes, and the edgee of hiB swollen , lids ware fiery with inflammation. Under the eyes were brownish and dropsioal hags, the distress signals oflodgaudoruel indigestions. Thereat of his face—the vast forehead and temples, the. flaccid, drooping tumors of his oheeks,. tbe sad procession ot double-cbins whioh.deeoanded into his cravat—had been stained to a .uniform dull, thick yellow by the malaria of Louisiana. Althoughdrossed in-tbe latest fashion* his form-cxcited'-both-disguet And pity,B0gr0BBandhelpless was its orapulencc. His breath oame in hoarse wheezes, prophetio of Tatty degeneration of the heart, or ot the crash of apoplexy. But, hideous, cumbersome, and doubtless in pain as this man.waB he had an air of gentility, or, at Ieaet, of courtliness. On perceiving Vanderlyn, he bowed, with a slow, megatherian grace, and said, in a voice which was mellow, despite its huskinesB, " Good morning, sir. Excuse my not observing you on my fitdt entranoe. The darkness of the apartment, eir." Tben he carefully settled himself upon a sofa (no ohair in tbe room wae big enough to oontain him), holding bis hat between the table-lands of his knees, and groaning for breath with an air of euppreeeed diBtresp. " May I enquire whether you have business with Mrs. Taillefer!" he asked, after Vanderlyn had made eome oommonplace response to his salutation. " If so, I will retire." " Not at all. 1 am Bimply an acquaintance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Taillefer at the North last Bummer." "Ah I excuse my question. Itbongbtyou might have oalled on bueiness, as Mrs. Taillefer receives so few people. You are, doubtless, aware that her hueband has lately deceased." Vanderlyn euspected that tbis courteous monster wished him to go away ; but he did not feel disposed, nor, indeed, at liberty to aocord that gratification, " Mre. Taillefer has just informed m ber huBbaud's death," he observed. " She ie drcBsing at present, I believe. I have no doubt ehe will be willing to see you, il your name ie Pilkington." " Ah I thank you," replied tbe oorpulent gentleman, opening his inflamed eyes in slight BstoniBbment, but not forgetting to bow. " My name is Pilkington. So yon are doubtless, well acquainted with Mrs. Taillefer?" he continued, unable to repress an air of interest. " I presume to oongratu* late you, eir. A most charming and admirable woman 1 she ioformed you, then, of the death of her lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she needs Bympatby. Did ehe, perhaps mention to you this annoying little affair of tbe bell-ringings? No? Well, ehe undoubtedly will do so. A very curious mystery, those eame bell-ringings." " I Ehould be happy to hear about them, if there is no impropriety—if Mrs. Taillefer "Of course she would not object," interrupted Pilkington, turning purple with tbe effort at courteous haste. " Public talk, my dear sir; all over New Orleans already. It is an exceedingly singular oase, either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous persecution. If you don't object, I will tell you the etory. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, eir. They are a long while in changing their attire wben it is a question of receiving a handsome and aoaomplished young gentleman." " I am exceedingly obliged to yoa," bowed Vanderlyn, quite prostrated by Bach a torrid simoon of civility. " It is a mere little matter of bell-ringing," continued the immense Pilkington, with a smile broad enough for a planet. " A ridiculous little door bell. Only fancy tbe Bbsurdity of it. I should say, however, that there are several bells in tbe plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door which bpgan it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the other bells took up the olatter. Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a olatter," he explained with cu apoiogetioal bow. "L am a Southener, Bir, and I pride myeelf on using the diction of Addison, as is the case with our Southern gentry. But in tbis instance I must be allowed the oommonplace word, clatter. Such an impertinent, worrying noise, my dear Bir 1 However, I will begin with the door-bell, that is, at the entrance of my story. Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humor, bacchant humor, sweetens lite. Are you not fond of it yonrsclf, sir? I have no doubt, judging from your genial expression, that you frequently indulge in it." After puffing and perspiring for a moment over his spirit of wit, he resumed: " Well, to my tale, as the poet says. The Taillefers, you muet know, are one of our old families. French blood, air, and a good vintage. Tbis noble mansion was erected by Eustace Taillefer, father of Anthony, or Antoine. Eustace was at that time one of tbe wealthiest plsnters, and was always one of.our highesttoned gentlemen. A bit expensive, a little disposed to vivrc, a good deal in debt at last, but always high-toned. Well, sir, he died— it iB the eommon lot of humanity—he bowed to -it with hie native courtesy. That was only five yeBrs ago. Anthony undertook to eoonomiEe and dear the eetate. But be got married. He won a splendid wife, sir—a leader of society, a queenly creature. Tbe deviil such a woman must have her dresBcs; ehemust live in a style suitable to her; don't you ace it ? We can't blame her; we sympathise with her. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." Here he paueed, looking at Vanderlyn's face with attention, as if to see whether he had begun to produce his effect. It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a -woman who must not be Bought for, unlees the seeker were armed with along purse. As Vanderlyn had a purse of some one hundred thousand pounds, be did not feel pungently alarmed. "Perhaps we may venture to suppose," continued the man-mountain," that Anthony Taillefer's life was shortened by his financial difficulties. His death was sudden, six— frightfully sudden. Credulous people have asserted that he used poison to hasten it. Some of tbe symptoms reminded physicians of strychnine. However, that is absurd—I venture to say absurd. Taillefer was broken; bad too heavy a load, oouldn't last longer. Well, eir, on the day after the funeral, ouriouBly enough—on the very day after—began thiB little belL This mee-serable little bell," he repeated, with an emphatio'grin. "The wrctohed ting-a-liug- ling I Of oourse, it was supposed that someone had called. The footman opened the door, and found—nobody I Imagine the fright of a nigger—an ignorant euperstitious nigger—when this was repeated, wben it happened a dozen times a day 1 Ting-a-ling-ling: door flies open; nobody there. Nigger slams the door to, and rushes back to the yard, as white ae a nigger oan be. All tbe servants took fright; really you can't blame them. Taillefer bnt juet buried, and that ting-a-ling-ling in the house —an incomprehensible, ghoBtly ting-a-lingling." Mr- Pilkington seemed to enjoy his own eloquenoe. His unctuous Bmile played all over Vanderlyn, like a spout from an engine charged with sweet-oil. But beneath this satisfaction and geniality there was a twinkle of inepeotion and calculation, ae if he were studying to see how the tale affected the youngman, and how much more of it would be neoeB&ary; to produce some desired result. " You may suppose—of ooaree, my dear sir, yoa bave inferred—that the mystery has made a noise. Aa I am the business agent of Mrs. Taillefer I took the matter in hand. I have had all the pundits of'New Orleans here. One thought it was electricity; another, that it was a triok of the servants. It waeaaggested.thatl should oat the bell wire. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble inoreased ten-fold. The mystery rang all the belle—it rang them one by one, and it rang tbem together; it rang them behind our backs, and before our eyes. It is most extraordinary—it iB absolutely unearthly. My dear sir, I almost feel at liberty to say to you that you are in a haunted house." The young man did not know-what to think nor bow to feel. On-tbe one iiand, the idea that Mre. Taillefer wae .persecuted- by a ghost, or by a mystery which; simulated the ghoBtly mode of action, tended to give her. tbe interest of romance p.nd rr rikf- rer more attractive. On tbe other band, there seemed to be on undercurrent of meouing in Mr. Pilkington—an insinuation that there had been something unnatural or evil, in the life of this family; that there was something perilouB about the lady who now represented it. Scarcely had theBC conflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in his mind, when Mm. Taillefer entered the room and interrupted the duel. The weight of four hundred pounds ot flesh and the distress of untold diseases could not prevent Mr. Pilkington from rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. Wben she tranquilly gave him ber hand, be bent over it with the air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was an exprest-ion of reel jealouBy, and of counterfeit triumph in his jaundioed eyesj ss be glanced ot Vanderlyn, and said: "Southern chivalry, my dear sir. Wo worship divinity." " Mr. Pilkington," observed Mrs. Taillefer, with a elightly repressive intonation," this ia Mr. Vanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps you will find him useful in your investigations." Mr. Pilkington'e huge countenance fell; his jealousy upset hie late triumph. "Ab, certainly," he replied, with welloiled readiness. " You must understand, Mr. Vanderlyn—1 am extremely happy to make your acquaintance, eir—that Mie- Tailleferis annoyed by an incomprehensible and villainous persecution- There ie a mysterious bell- ringing about the house," he went on, aa if be had npver mcntioaod the subject before. " It iB a serious disturbance. I bave done myeelf tbe honor to offer to examine the mystery thoroughly. I propose to stay in tbe house night and day until I have detected the authors of the trick. I shall be happy—as Mre. Taillefer graciouBly permits—to have your company and assistance." ' Nothing would please me better," said Vanderlyn. " I bave often wanted to bunt a ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended still lower, until it seemed likely to cover bio whole person—a gigantic apron of gloomy blubber. The two men ate at the bouse that day and passed tbe night there. To both of them Mrs. Taillefer was charming; it WBB very easy for her to be eo. Meantime, there were occasional tintinna- bulations without discoverable oause. Tbe bell-wires had been out, as Pilkington bad said, but bad been replaced in order to provoke fresh manifestations, with a view to discovering the origin of the disturbance; and, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghoEt w&s; at tbem. Thrice daring the afternoon a Bbarp jingling sent Vanderlyn into the hall and Pilkington to tbe window. In vain: nobody wae at the door; nobody was in the passages. If tbe originator of the clamor were a living human creature, he wae sly and quiok enough to deserve a ghoet's highest praise. Of the servants he was, for awhile, grimly suspicions; he believed that the "everlasting nigger " was at the bottom of thie, as of allother Southern troubles; hat, after olose watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of of counterfeiting spectres. Horribly afraid ot tbe"- om;~ iucy remained silent and brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own corner of tbe establishment, whispering about "voudoos," gathering into knots when the hell rang, Bnd obeying the summons with extreme rclnct&neo;, (Concluded in our next.) 