The Gospel of Good. "Works. Br I^ev. J. AV. Lakcb. Preached ' in; Elm-road Ohapol, Beckenham, Sunday Mottling, January 2. This is faithful sayintr, and theso, things I xrill that thou affirm constantly* that they -which fcas* bolicvediin God might bo careful to maintain cood works: those things aro good and profitable' untomen.VTrru?iii.8., ,< ? * } .. IS not oven thing" which 13 set down in this book » faithful saying? -By no moans. Sorao of the &yings; here recorded are'of that wicked 0110, the father of lies and the accuser of tie brethren. Sorao are the*utterances of txdmen, "weak and wicked, raah and wrong, as in tho case of tho rich fool in the parable, who said toI himself, "Soiil, thou hast much goods laid -tip for-many -years. Take thine ease; eat,.drink, and bo merry," and to whom God said: "Fool, this night thy soul shall bo required of thee. V- Even tho apostles themselves did not always speak with the wisdom of tho perfect, as when Peter took upon him to rebuke the Lord concerning his anticipated death at Jerusalem; or 'when ho' spoko<at> random oa tho Mount of Transfiguration, aapng, Let us build hero three-tabefnadoB; -or. when,.' in the torment o£ fear, ho cursed and swore andlied as to his knowledge of the Master; or as when Jamos and: Johu proposed to*. call. down fire, from heaven on vtho Samaritan village; or' when som'e ctf these same apostles forbado the little children to be brought to Jesus, orwoulcj havo driven far from His help the Syropheniciaa woman in- her great 'grief; Not any one of . these was ajfaithful'saying, -but when these men, taughtjby the Holy. Spirit, sat down de liberately to' write for the edification of tho church, or tho salvation of sinners, their say ings were undoubtedly all faithful. Yet. even here there aro differences; things equally true are not always equally important. It is just as truo that the Apostle Paul was on one occasion let down in a basket over tho wall at Damascus that ho might escape from his enemies as that Christ died for our sins and that Ho rose again aocording'to tho Scriptures, but there is no eomparisimm thQim^rt^oo of tto two state- , ments. :' «Jl- 7 - ;;>. The solar syttom is of God, overy part of . it, hut eveii Jupiter/with his belts or SatunrwitlL his rings 'canno£ for a moment bo compared with tho sun in his greater magnitudo and glory. Sowhentho Apostle Paul calls .our special attention to some of his divine sayings, when he j&ya; this is a faithful saying, we may bo sure tbsrp is something of transcendent' im portance claiming our attention. ?> But what;is this faithful saying that wo are nowtol(ttk,at?.* ".Well, you say, hero it .is at a glance olearly .-and,emphatically, that,those, who havo believed in; God should be careful to maintain good .works." , Not at all; tiny ia not. tho faithful-saying, and to.tako it as such is to miss altoj^ther'- the meaning of the apostle. That beliovers in God should maintain good works is-imdouhtedly truo,'but it is not tho faithful saying here*commendedr to us. No'; for this ."Wo rnust go back, at least as far as the fourth verso oftho chapter from which wo read: " But after that tho kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared not by works of righteousness which wo havo doije, but according to His mercy Ho saved us by tho vashing' of regeneration and renewing of tho Holy Ghost which ho shed on us abundantly jbroiigh Jesus^Christ our Saviour, that boing justified'Dy His graco wo should bo made heirs according to tho hope of eternal life." This is the faithful saying, and these aro the things to be constantly affirmed, " that, so that to the eadthatV^-asthe Rovif*d,Version gives it 14 they \?;hich have bclioved in God might be careful tomoinfain good workstheso aro tho things that- aro /.good and profitable unto men, issuing, as; they arc intended to do, in purity ana holiness 'of 'life. Do.wo then make void the law of holy living by.-preaching these funda mental truths of tho Gospel ? God forbid yea, w^'testablish tho law*' "Wo hear some times about tho doctrinal parts aud tho practical Scripturo teaching, and men, accord ing to their idiosyncrasies, may have their prc fcrencei'.v But, after all, tho doctrinal and tho practjcaTare one/^Thd'praotical has its root' in tho doctrinal, and tho doctrinal puts forth its branches' clothed' with leaf and fruit of good works acceptable to God. ... ... . *Jp ,^rs^. tiling, then, that wo note in tliis faithful saying is the kindness and lovo of God our Saviour wliioh toward man appeared ; in other words, tho loyo of God as rovealed in Jesus Christ. In His incarnation, His lifo and grades-and mercies and divinest teaching ; in sacrificial ^ death upon the cross, TTfe and ascension, we havo that inani tion^ tho kindness of God which is in tended and caloulatod to lift us up out of our s ow" ino8fcholy ^Jid seo how broad and far-rcaching this ^dneaB is; it is inot-for-tlio clectnor for tho urch, though' theso, of course, aro included, 'P?11 fc'uoh-for tho wholo human laT'l V? out exception. .44 Wide as tho world i«y command, vast as eternity Thy lovo !" 0 uiovy something of tins power of lriudncss sufKluo, tho evil mid develop tho good oven »,AWDCin\^iai* JU1,1 man. It has many, 11 timo cojeaed whoro everything CIfo iias failed, >t fails wo know of nothing olso wtoly to Bucceed. P10 colebmjod Frenchman, was tho Wii 'into'Europe a tnoro^lniinano lunc^t of tho insane. Iu tho madhouse at tans tiicro liad t>eeh corf fin ed&)r sbirio 20 years' a sea captain, furious in his madness, ferocious and untamable. Two of the keepers had been struck dead, by hjm with a blow from his manadled bands. Ho was chaincd to his seat Vrheh Pihol npproached him,. and with checrful face and kindly manner said, il Ciaptaify I am going to release you and take you into tiio open air." The maniac laughed outright and said, 41 You daro not do it.'! It was done; the podr wretch staggered to the* door accompanied .by Pihel, a'tld lifting up hifl 6yea to file. Wuo heavens above, a night ho had not seen for :20 ^d as the tears coursed down his focfy Oh, how beautiful,*' and from-that hour became perfectly dooilo. . If human kindness meets?return shall God's lovo go unrequited, no .echtf answering to the Ifiviiio fttini thd human P For my own part, speaking ftoiH ex perience of tho last 40 years, I have never found anything so powerful in winning men to goodness as this preaching of the love of God. I do not 6hut my eyes to tho severity of the Gospel^ as' well. as its tenderness! I know ho>y it is written, /' If ho that despised Moses's hi*''died Withdut:ffi6% HMdel: twd;& tfee' ..witnesses, of. how- much; sorer punishment, .suppose ye shall he bo thought worthy who' liath trodden under foot tho Son of God and hath counted tho blood of tho covenant .where with He was sanctified anniiholy thing." I will? lis far as t kridw it, declare to you tho "whole counsel of God; but again I gay* I" speak from long experience^ and I am iiot ashamed of this Gospel / of God's love, -for X know it to be His power unto salvation. I have -spmetimes wondered how it might have been with me, if it had pleased God to call mo with another calling, if he had endowed me ?with gifts so that I. mighthavp di&coursed; on art or science or philosophy} law or phvsic, history Or poetry, or politics; if he had Called nle ; to any of these and qualified me for tho york, I must needs have obeyed His call, for in nil these things G<*d may bo .most truly served; but I thank Him for putting me into tho ministry; if X had my timo to come, over again, I would choose, it for myself. I wish I had been mora faithful; but; otall ovonts, thisT I can say . y. .--v.": ' Ere since by faith I saw the stream,;: ?1. Thy flowing wound* supply, ... Redeeming love has been my themo, And eliall be till I die. . The next- thing we observe in this faithful Baying, amongst the things to be' constantly affirmed so good and profitable to imen for the practical issues of life, is'the renewing power of tho Holy .Ghost. In this new year on which we have entered Ho may for some of usmako all things new by that wondrous washing of regeneration which is His gracious work. I shall constantly 'affirm, as I havo done these many years, that except a man be born again he cannot so muoh as sco tho kingdom of God. 'And this washing of regeneration is not by any ,'offiee of baptism, not by the mere cleansing of the ,body-that is but the outward* and visiblo sign of tho inward and spiritual graco-:-but by ' the i cleansing, purging power of tho Spirit within and upon the heart. Let no . one be disheartened, let no man say then, " If I must . be born again ere I can see tho kingdom I can do nothing. in it. I had no choice in my natural birth into this world, and I have none aa*to my spiritual birth into'tho heavenly king dom." Not so, my brother. Will you hear tho,worddf .the Lord?(-,Jesus said, ."If-any man thirst, lot him comeirnto' mo and drink," jbut this, as tho evangelist tells us, spake Ho of tho Spirit "which they that should believe on Epim should afterwords'roceivo, forias yeftho" Spirit wasnot givon. Only como to Him, believe in Him,' and tho Spirit will undoubtedly bo yours'; /or now tho Spirit is given; given to ovory one that asks for it; Here are tho Lord's own words, " If ye being evil know~ how #to give good gifts unto your children,., how "muoh more-shall your, heavenly Father give tho Holy Spirit to them that ask Him.", > " Ask and ye shall receive, seek and yo shall find, knook and it shall be opened unto you." Not by any workB of righteousness that wo havo done but according to His mercy Ho saves us through Jesus Christ, renewing us to holi ness of lifo by tho working of tho Holy Spirit. Is it possiblo for anyone to reccivo this doctrino sincerely, heartily, and not seek after holy living ? Whore is tho logic of my lifo if I profess to havo been renewed by . the Holy spirit, if .the fruits of holiness are not found in riio ? ^ Thcro are, X am afraid,- some who profess and i.-nll themselves Christians whor.o1 lives are such that one might suppose they havo not 60-much as heard whether there bo any Holy Ghost. Holy Spirit dwell with mo, I myself would holy be. Wo notico onco moro, amongst. these good and profitable things so helpful to Christian endeavour, the hopo of eternal lifo through being mado heirs .of God and joint heirs with Christ'. J ustified by His grace, wo lay hold upon this hope, and find it even "now a power towards that holy'lifo here, after which,wo. strive. Tako away this element af hope, tho hopo'full of immortality, and how shall we resist the world, tho flesh, and the devil.'v But .wo aro heirs to this heavenly inheritance, our citizenship is above, and wo must maintain good works ; wo must live as thoso should do whoso everlasting homo is to bo where evil is unknown. If you aro a poor man, and should come suddenly to tho knowledgo that you aro heir to a largo estate, will you bo such a fool as to livd in a Way "that would altogether unfit you for tho true enjoyment of your exalted position P You may, indeed, if you abuso your good fortune, for whero tho boo sucks honoy, tho spider suoks poison; but if you havo any touch in you of common sense or right feeling, you will shape your life so as to fit you for that ! higher position that you may uso tho gifts of God wisely, graciously, and with a thankful heart. 1 If you aro going yonder to another part of tho world, across tho ocean, where loving friends wait for you with a welcomo, you must needs make your preparations for-departure, and tho future will affect your j}resent. And I wo Vhovwero poor, but. by His poverty havo | become rich; wo wfeo are going before lonij to * the hotter land whero all is pnre and all is good, shall## 66t lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth etf tdtilf bpeefe us, and run with patience the raco thai 16 Mi before us looking .unto Jesus. He Himself says, "Without Me yd cafl do nothing," but wo know that with TT?m can do all things, oven to the maintaining of good works wniati shall bo to His praiso and glory. As to what these gvcidi works are wo must fay tt little about this, or our themo would bo niuriifcsfly incoirrplettf-^whatover tlioy arc, they are clearly id be irfaintamed. And to thus all that 13 in the faitliful ts&jiitgf; all contained in the things cOPf&intly; to bo afQruiody hot* been .leading up. . % . ' . To.maintain good works is to keep them xtp regularly, persistently, making them the ha nit of our daily life-not with a fitful and .inteiftiUfciffc entinisirfsm, not by an occasional revival, not on only, but day by day, and every day after this exurrfpte of Him who tald," My meat and My drink is to dtf the will of Him who scnt'Me> and finish His work*/' Theso good works are by^no means church work; oflpeoially^nor- religious - offices,' nor prajefo ft'trf- f raises nor fastings, not medita tions or Bibld re&ttrrgV; or, hearing" of sermons; all theso things, indeed, mBfe* their uses, but they are not the good works hefo' infeeded/ rather they are helps to them, kindlings of -ffltf Divine fire that bums in a truly good life. These good works are for everyday use, and for all life's relationships-justice and integrity, truth and honour; (kttrtesy and kindness, patience and long-suffering and forgiveness; these are the good works .which tho "faithful sayiilg*' is intended ttf secure. In our busiile's'gj toa, as w;ell as our homed they.muat be fofund if wo feeeive .the Gospel, which is their root and life. "We may tako herd as helpful and suggestive for our purpose the-alternative reading of the Revised Version, "profess honest occupation!," _or perhaps better- still, as izt. the fourteenth verse of the 'older; yerifldn,y''honest trades.'' This may seentafc firet sig^it to some of you almost life© an anti- climax-these glorious truths of which X have been speaking-the love of God, the renewing ..power of the Holy Ghost, the hope of eterneU life mixed.up incongruously with the trades and occupations of this world. But instead of regarding this association of ideas as incongruous, rather let lis bo devoutly thankful that the heavenly and the earthly things are thus joined together by God Himself, and what God:hath joined together let no man put asunder. See how* this' connection of tho faithful saying with the honest trades lifts up our daily Hfo of labour froin all that is mean and sordid and gravelling; how it purges it from all that is common and unclean and vulgar, making trade itself Divine, and giving to us the graoious fulfilment of the old prophecy that tells us, " Holiness to the Lord shall be written oven upon the bells of tho horses." I marvel much how any-ono with tho New Testament in his hand can affect, in his pitiful . pride, to look down superciliously iipon trade as something mean and degrading. When I re member that Christ was a carpenter, that James, and John aud Poter were fishermen, that Matthew was a tax- gatherer, that Paul was a tent-maker, and Lydia tho first convert in Europe, a dyer, X am amazed at the arrogant impertinence * of somo whoi call themselves Christians, and hold high "places in their Christian synagogues.. I- know small- shop keepers, and.^working-men, trnd. servants who livo such lived that.itnese very people .who give themselves airs are not worthy to "stoop down and * tmlobso^tKe; f Shoes'* from ' their feet. Leaving, then, theso. high and mighty ones to their own devices, and still hoping better things for themT through^ the power of tho faithful saying, let ns with a tranquil mind go on'our own' way, doing our own work what ever it' may be, lowly or otherwise, praying; Almighty God eo aa.to' cleanse the thoughts of our hearts1 as to'make all things puro to tis sanctified by His word and by prayer. Oh,' Holy Father, do Thou by Thy Holy Spirit and Thy Holy Son Christ our Lord mafee us holy and fit to dwell with Thee for ever. 