MiscellaQea. In our grandmothers' days it was rare to hear of an English woman's shooting expoits, but ' now-a-days ladies are quite experts in the use of fire rias, and it is by no means unus ual to hear of their skill in the game preserves, but pheasants and partridge shooting is too tame for some of fair Dianas, and they seek more exciting sport in foreign lands. The wife of Major Martelli accompanied her hus band lager shooting at Bewah, and after he had shot and missed his mark the lady aimed at the tiger, then only 5© yards distant, and brought down hes game. Another English lady shot a tigress in the central provinces of India. Here is warning to be heeded " Alice Lawfcyn, of Idndiey {England) died recently from swallowing, while asleep, two artificial teeth and a part of the plate to which they were at tached." • An epitaph, of whieh the following is said to be a copy, is cut on the stone over a Cornish miner's grave at Calumet, Mieh.:— " Him cannot come to we. But us shall surely go to he.'.' It is said that - there are no less than £5,00© of spurious haLf-savereigns In. the Leydenburg district, Trans vaal, At the Middlesex Sessions recently, Jehu Saul, 38, was indicted for per sonal robbery. . The prisoner pleaded guilty, and-begged the assistant judge to give him another chance. VI have,"he added, " been nearly all my life in; pri son." The Assistant Judge.—" How old are you?" Prisoner.—"I'm a young man, only 38.-, pray give me another chanee." The Assistant Judge.—" How long have you been in prison?" Prisoner.—" Over 20 years. I was in want at the time I committed the offence." The Assistant Judge said the Prisoners' Aid Society would have assisted him, and he sentenced him to be imprisoned for 18 calender months with hard labor, and to be afterwards under police supervision foi three years. „ The Gundagai Times is loyal unto desperation, and says: "Whether she be saint or sinner, she ijs our dear ly beloved Queen." Save us from our friends i - ■ The Queers three hoars' visit toJ Birmingham cost the ratepayers £30;000. " Little girl," said the late Justice Maule to a witness five years old, who was being interrogated 'as to her capacity to taken an oath- " do you know where you will go when you die, if you. do not speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but. the truth?" "Please, sir, no," said the' girl.. " Nor do I/' observed the judge. | News has been received from Rome i of the death, ait the age of HO, of one of the body-guard of the first Na poleon, Travirsa by name. He after wards entered the service of Charles Albert and of Victor Emmanuel,' and was reckoned an expert chamois. hunter and a good shot at 96. The statue of Queen Victoria,, to be set up in Eing-stieet, Sydney, will be faced,, as far as possible, towards, the Mint. How well they " understand Her Gracious I Halil Rifaat, the Governor - of Smyrna, has been recently transferred to Bagdad in the same capacity. A leading, article in one of the local papers bears grateful and flattering testimony to the work of the Trnkish j statesman, and states, among other things, that during his brief adminis tration J4i6 robbers and bandits were beheaded, hanged, shot, strangled, stabbed, or otherwise rendered harm Iess. Two Bavarian mountaineers cele brated the Emperor of Germany's birthday in a unique manner: they dragged the materials for the bonfire on to the summit of the Bavarian Alps, an atitude of 7,000 feet. They had intended climbing to the top of the Gatzmann, but deep snow pre vented this, and the bonfire of wood and petroleum was lit on the Pa\>z? kopf. One of the men, who is 70 years old relates that the ascent of1 the mountain . oftep brought the climbers up to their shoulders in snow, but they were determined to perform the feat, and did it. A young man with a bland smile' and a mysterious parcel paid a visit to the Tuapeka (N.Z.), district, and an nounced that he had a panacea for the rabbit pest at 2s. 6d. per packet. The farmers planked down their half crowns and were told not to open the packet until about to use its contents, which were " subject to atmospherical influence." When the affable vendor had gone, and the purchasers cautious ly opened their electric exterminator, they discovered a noose of whip-cord and a slip of paper, on which was written, " Place the rabbit's head with in the noose, and pull until strangled." The American Grocer says that, estimating the destruction of property by fires in the United States annually at §120,000,000. the amount spent each year for cigars exceeds that sum by$6Q, 000,000, and the total cost of tobacco consumed in smoke by §86,000,000. What a dreadful vitality there seems to -be iu-vgun-power j a power of re taining- its full explosive qualitiesfor y£ars under tlie most. adverSo con ditions b£,damp, anjJ^^posore^One constantly hfears, "for ifietanee, df un exploded * shells, fired in the Franco German war- of- sixteen - years tgo, being dug up in gardens and fields, and nine cases -out of ten going off through incauctious handing by the finders. Perhaps, however, the most terrible explosion, of all took place; the other day at Harper's Ferry j (where one of the bloodiest fights of the war of secession was fought), through a group of meh trying to j "clean out" an old shell, fired during ] the engagement upwards of a quarter j of a century ago, which a spade had now accidentally turned up. Seven people who had gathered rouud to watch the "cleaning out", process were either tilled outright or else mortally injured, while splinters and fragments of the shell went crashing through the walls and roofs of houses nearly two hundred yards off, , Gabbier Pigeons.—General Bou langer has addressed a circular letter to the French prefects asking them to take measures to prevent the slaughter of carrier pigeons, or to point out to him what legislative steps it might be desirable to take for the preservation of these interesting and.' useful messengers... Aa there is little to distinguish-them from the ordinary pigeon it will be necessary to shield the whole iraee from the marksman and to impose a penalty on those who nay kill them elsewhere than in the deveeot and farmyard. The Germans are Hot only trying to improve their own carrier pigeons, but training lawks, which in war time .they mean ; to let loose on the messenger birds of; the enemy. i Reporters .—Reporters in our town j are not, I fear, always considered " re-j snectablehut they do not repine at this. I have been told that the Sal vat isn Army has hope for all, except reporters. A story is.. told . to this effect.. At one of the Salvation Army, meetings a Mrs. Colonel Something -asked a young man present if he had been converted* He replied lacon ically, "I'm a reporter," and, she left him. This ancedote shows not ■only^how desperately bad reporters [ aire supposed to be, but how tbeyre j gard themselves. Another story s | repeated without any resentment by the gentleman at whose expense it is told. A criminal was on the scaf fold, about to be executed. He said good-bye to the minister and the prison governor, and shook hands j with the executioner. But to the re- j porters he merely nodded, saying. "I j will see you, gentlemen, latter on." —Si. James Gazette. j " LABAY" AS a CbERK OF IdBOA- ! HON.—Henry Labouchere, editor of Truth and member of Parliament, was for several years after the American ] war Secretary of the English Legation. in Washington. \Ha m remembered there aa a very bright and a very wild young man. - He knew everybody and figured in society of all grades. His Bohemian instincts, led him to all sorts of adventures and brought him into large notoriety.. Bin abounding humor frequently developed into practical jokes. One day a rather green; member of. Congress called at the Legation and asked if he could see the Minister. "You can see me; I am bss Secretary," said -Labouchere. "But I want to see the Minister-'' said the Congress man. " The Minis-' ter is not in." " All right„ I'll wait for him," "Certainly, sir; have a seat." The Congressman took a chair and a newspaper, lighted a cigar and settled down for a comfortable time of it. An hour passed. He turned to i Labouchere, who sat reading a novel, | and asked—" Do you know when he will be back?" "I do not," was the curt reply. The Congressman lighted , another cigar and1 strolled abous the office until another hour was gone. " Do you think he will be bask this 1 evening?" "Hardly." "To-morrow?" " I guess not." " Well, when vail he probably be here?" "Really, sir, I cannot tell you. The Minister sailed for England yesterday, and did not indi- \ eate when be intended to return," re-; plied Labouchere, without lifting his eyes from his hook. The enterprise of the Illwtratel \ London News has resulted in an ar j rangement for the reprint of each j number being issued in new York Duplicate plates will be forwarded in advance to enable the Hew York house to go ahead. Nothing smarter in journalism has been done for some time, and there is little doubt of the success of the idea. The Advertiser's Clew- correspondent under date June 19 tells the following yam—"We have a dog story here which has excited almost as much curiosity as the Yanyariie ghost story. A sheepfarmer of this place caught a dog worring his sheejv and after hav ing been requested by the- owner to shoot the depredator he tied the ani mal to a tree, and standing about 10 1 feet off fired, the charge striking the dog fairly between the eyes. To make I a sure job, o£^ it, as- he thought,, he. smashed the dog's head about with limps--of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his master's place, where as may be imagined, he was examined very minutely, to make sure that he was not the ghost of the dog that was killed. But it was the actual dog, and the animal appears to be as well as ever, although his skull is slightly out [ of shape, arid he bears the marks I where 25 grains of shot entered his Lforehead." 