Our Paris Letter. "["FBOHOOH OWN OOBEESPOTOEST.] April2.. I ? ro^*?le T. mteujgcncereceived about Kuaaia and tho Rusaiaos the more it is «xraflictmg, and tho more confused becomes our taowlodgo. At the present moment evetyone wants to. know what is passing inside.the Ciar's head-is ho for peaco. or war; is he a free agent, all autocrat though he be? "Who are the constitutionalists, and aro thev on Bpoakiflir terms with the nihilists P Somo " oWwit nesses" swear by the Neva or states of Peter the Great. that the Czar and !ua wife drive through tiia streets °£ St. Petersburg in a simple sledge, Idee ordinarv mortals, to shop, to visit an hospital or a sdiool. . This recalls a time when tho papers announced, respecting Louis rhitopp^the best-potted-at sovereign of his ? Majesty re-entered tho Tuileries after. Jul constitutional -without any loving- sub ject having ablaze at him,",. Mattars, however, are not so cheery when the Emperor patronises railway travelling. Tho lrnea he has to ran over have, at every tureen quarters of a mile dirtanoes, a little barrack ts 1 blockhouse accommodating 100 men inA com manded by three offloere; the httuse is half sunk ini th«i soil; butTowiBg seems to be a trait with the Slav. The intervals between the blockhouses can be swept by the riflo half, a mile . roun,c^ ^ ^idition to infantry there lire cavalry patrols. As every passing train is sup posed to contain the Czar all the «oldiers havo to turn, *ut and present arms cither to a goods nam "With a few carriages or a swallow express. As tne Czar rails to Gatschina nota nihilist nor a suspicious platelayer can como within 100 yards of the la* DuringWaUtheate, close in Russia, save toe circus.^ .It is not; precisely clear how the Tirr*Justify the distinction. However,. Jftouera affirms there are accommodations with popular pantomime . at the St. jcircus brings Germany, Bngland, and fiance into, the arena. Bismarok is made £Pto life, in his uniform of white dragoon on a Belgian dray horse, suggestive of the Heidel berg tun loaned out to a brewery. The audience hiss and hoot the prince, whe rides as majestically away as the Cid, or say the ghost an Don Giovanni, amidst a shower of roasted potatoes, kopecka-for browns are plentiful still an Russia-and oranges. That is hatred, and symbolises tho unpopularity of the Germans. A Cook's excursionist, perhaps with his return ticket expired, impersonates J0bn Bull is simply jibed and jeered; ho faces the storm with the yellow grin of tho unpopular candidate . moving constituents on hustings day. Next arrives a pretty cantiniere, with tricolour, jupons and Muscovite favours. 8he is bewitchingly- graceful. and coquette, and ttfttorafly -brings down the house.-. Bismarok and John Bull are nowhere in the compefiSon* with lovely woman. France has only to keep her purse strings weU closed, not bo cajoled into loans' for . Russian, railways, flirt with all nations, prie JHeu et tient m poudre seeke, and she can ride out all rough weather, no matter from what quarter the winds blow. In addition to its ordinaiy lively attractions, the Chamber . of Deputies .now - includes a "box&g; day." ; Count do Maillefew and M. Sans Leroy were members of tho same Parlia mentary committee. One accused the other of fcein^ & humbug; soon the polite conversation ran into the "You're another" - stage, and ultimately there was an appeal to arms, when 3*. Sans Ijeroy; received a " surprise" in the shape of two lovely black eyes. , The comte is tho best descended family man in France, can trace his pedigree back to Verce getorio^ or Hugh Capet, without a flaw, and yet he is the most extreme Republican in tie country. His temperament is so excitable that the slightest opposition Bends. him into the straight-jacket phase. Apart from this, ho is a right ^ good follow, and would share his last crust. with his .bitterest foe. ' Having violated tiie rules of the House, he bowed to tho law, and entered tho underground drawing-room prison1 till tho pnblio prosecutor has him condemned to a fino of 200 francs. In England, recalcitrant deputies aro incarcerated over-ground, in a tower, with Big Ben for a musical box. In France, "solitary" confinement, with hosts of visitors, cigars, and cognac, is subterranean. Prince Piorro Bonaparte was tho last, and first representative who used bis fists to clench Mb arguments. This was'in 1818, so that peculiar and un- Pickwickian manner of polish ing off an adversary is rare in parliamentary annals. Tho authorities havo had to give way on their spasmodic application of tho now law against betting. Tho pastfmo or viuo has taken too firm a grip of the French to be ex tirpated in 24 hours by a charge of tho light brigade racecourse police, led even by tho commissary . swathed in his red, white, and blue scarf of office. As well sup Srcss lotteries iu Italy, and gami ng among Orientals. Unable to cnuh horse-betting, tho Government has rcsolvod to become 'itself guarantor for play. Henceforth, betting will be truly official, whoovcr wishes to try his luck to the oitcnt of a louis or a frano, jnoro if tho gambler wishes, as tho pool is unlimited, has only to pay in his sum to a licensed agcucv, solcct his horse, receivo a ticket, and if he has hit on a favourito his dividend will bo pro rata to his stako. Ten per cent, will bo struck off his winnings, to en <*>urago tho breeding of howes in Franco-in we name of tho prophet, figs!-and also to make -tho poir comfortable. Whenover an outsider wins the whole pool will become the Property of tho 10 per cent, interests. Bofore M. Gr6vy aocopte an invitation to dine out, or to a ball, tho old state of things will bo re nouruhiug, with tho third republic patronising gambling on horses, as Monaco does on red and u|*ck. Thero is hope now for the bull- fights. From tho Stock Exchango to thimble-rig and tho throe-cards thero is a scalo of excitement admirably adapted for the upper and lp^ver social tens, ' Poets havrhadablow out" at the Academy. Their man, M. J^conto de Lisle, .Was MCciiVed to occupy the.^Atettt:faateoil oi Victor HIIRO. M. de Lisle dusted the Wet's memory with the ohoicest words in th6. tfrench dictiOiArr, aid M. Dumas, file, replied to the AiniirAtidnweAy of M. de Lisle. . Jt Was irifiebeWieft .ike ttfti Who could flnmmorise heaviest the departed bard. Not touch of Hugo's immense literary 'Will go d6wn to posterity. Dumas shrewdly suspected this, as he invited astronomers to discover a new star, and dub it it Jingo. Juliet wished to haveEomeo, when he died, made into little stars to cut out the garlsn sun. Dumas owes Shakespeare a chalk. J! ranee had a soldi king, and why not a sun poet < ' . . In Madrid the bull-fighting season opens BimuItaneouBly with Italian an8 other operatic establishments, and that is no#. White siib to &<> ^81 hiiv(J feasted 250,009 frants, ' aj&duili;: 8f dash tiaid ih advance for lyHcai Bleasttes is a« limited as for shates in fc gold mftlo salted with nuggets. IhxA the circus has three tcrrbt Bull. stickers; *ho- Fatti excepted-are the bfest paid artistes on any stage. Ijdr a successful" prod5 ' at a bull ftt. the. psycholdgid&l; moment Mazzatini re ceives 5>0u0 IrancB. ' Nelaton, the celebrated Burgain, never received , more than 3,000 francs for cutting off a leg or removing a dis eased bone from the knee pan. Curious situations i Prince Hohenzollern was preseat &t; uie banquet given by the German ambassador at Madrid in honour of the 90th anniversary, of his sovereign. This was the prince who escaped reigning over the Spaniards, but caused the 1870 war between France and Germany. Asa setoff, the Due de Aosta, who: did reign over the hidalgos for some mushroom period, was, as delegate of Italy, drinking the Emperor's 90th birthdayatBerlin. Thepresentqueen-regentwas not in her teens when her two rivals were tryinjr to set up in the Spanish royal business.. Her Majesty-a hint for young mothers-passes the few spare moments! she has in photoing herself, her baby and king, and then weighing him in silver soales.. She declared to a friend he has " never been found wanting." In lady society at Madrid, quite a revolution has taken place in Berlin wool-work. Instead of cats, dogs, flowers,.&c.;,'servingas designs, a sketch of some simple, current event is immortalised in wool. This is a compliment to Bayeux tapestry., Samplers will again become historical documents. Everything,' it is said, happens in Franoe. Only fancy the goods and chattels of a very close relative of the ex* queen ? of Spain having been sold , in the'yard of the publio auotion mart for debt. The sticks were not many. Alt had.the mark of royalty-orowns ana lilies. A tobaooonist bought an armchairfor 18 fratics, in whioh crowned heads ''reposed," for his old mother. The throne- fauteoil of Louis XTV. WBB converted by an eocentrio duke into a nightchair, and still exists. A leading demi -mondian -inserted in a flower vase, mid a " liveryman,'.', hot from London, but Marx's stables, bought a collar of the GoldenFleece for 20 francs; He wore it going home, was followed by a few small boys, and was temporarily arrested for exhibiting seditious emblems, calculated to excite disorder. Pranzini's arrest has not yet led to the dis coviery of the murder of the three victims of the Rue de Montaigne. ' Jewellery belonging to the murdered woman has been found in his possession; beyond this the charge has not ad vanced. . The whole matter is drifting into speculation and mystery. Some funny folks seem to consider the occasion as suitable to play practical jokes on the police. Comte de la Grandierc belonged to the marines, from which he desertod, and was pun ished. Next he turned swindler, and made money for a time. His specialty was to declare he belonged to fashionable society. He de manded to view all the first-olass furnished apartments which were to lot, and managed, while viewing the rooms, to prig some valuable bibelot as a souvenir.. Ho came round a baron, and agreed to take over his rooms for 25,000 francs a year. After verbally accepting con ditions, ho and tho baron swore an eternal friendship; proof-ho' lent the count 150 francs out of his pocket-book, stuffed with bank notes; more, the baron invited him to pass tho night in his apartment. In tho morn ing, just as tho baron was getting up, the comte came to take leave. He wanted to give his notary instructions to prepare the lease and pay rent in advance. " By-the-by, baron, does your bath work well?" Capitally, dearcomte, come and seo." Both entered the bathroom: tho baron undressed and jumped into his zinc tub. Tho cornto went to his clothes, snatched the pocket-book, and bolted, not forgetting to lock the door. Tho baron escaped by another exit, and, naked and dripping, gavo chase. Tho count screamed "Murder!" "Madman!" Tho baron was stopped by his own servants as a lunatic. Tho more ho straggled to get to the street tho moro firmly ho wag held. But when his case was known tho to into was nowhere. After the money was all spent ho returned tho empty pocket-book to its owner. This supplied a clue. Tho comto was arrested whilo in tho net of writing religious letters, soliciting assist ance as a persocuted convert. Ho was sen tenoed to five years' imprisonment. Tho baron has taken down the bills as to his apartment being to let. A cashier, aged o9, and father of three children, attempted snicido in an hotel at Kouen, just after ho arrived in his room. Ho lodged five revolver balls in his body. A waiter camo to inquire what was -wrong; receiving no reply, no opened tho door; tho unfortunate and bleeding traveller was oocupiod trying to hang himBolf " Gareon, bring me a good butcher's knife, I want to finish." The waiter brought a doctor and tho polico. On his way to tho hospitul, where ho expired after arriving, the man tried to suffocato himself with a handkerchief. Ho Btole monoy to oover a gambling dobt. Morlatti isatpresont, relatively, as fat as when ho waB tho fasting skeleton. Quito a battalion of food purveyors advertise that it was owing to Merlatti patronising their speciality that he has become as stout as a prize sultana. The Jftepth GoTerwn«it ? WW~aU(^te'over" 1,000,000 fftncspefnidtitE io their mail packets to the east and Australia. Every ?> tiling, connected with the service mast he FreilgH. The boats "will not exactly. , go the leiigtli df declining W cdtry foreigners' goods. In the JiasBage to Austjiuiii 4 gdin jtf tKre'e days over all rival packet companies is id W secured. « An ingenious machine has been presented by the inventor to the blind asylum. By it a blind man not only can print the letters in re lief so as to read them with his fingera, but the same type prints the same matter on an ordinary sheet of paper, for the eyes of friendly corre spondents. The telephone _ companies only charge half-prioe for those blind) and on their suhsariptlwiilsti The French itniy ediiufa three fimrahals- j aged each riearlr74-Maomahcin, Oanraharti and Lebtfiuf. Tkdte are Sflfi generals, of j tfhorii ITe^frier is dile tit the youngest, aged 47; of the total of geflerala, 21 have risen from the rdhks. Cruel 1st df April joke: On the Place da la Gtfilftbrde is A. statue, emblematic of Stras bourg, alld 111 iiidtittiiii^ fiinfe January, 1871; at fiome distance is the dbelifik.' * A bliild mail begged A pafcser-by to lead him to the Stras bourg statuo; instead, he was found before the obelisk, indulging in patriotio -wishes that it would soon he rejoined to Franoe. 