Notes from the Capital. (PROM OI7R OffiV COKBESPONDEST.) We have had a continuance of fino weather, with ono or two very hot days, although at other times thero has been a refreshing breeze to temper the heat. The prospects of business seem still vory uncertain, although, we hope( tending generally to improvement. But Bhop keopors who report better things one week tell of a relapse into the qaiefc and dull state cno nexc. xuy own iuca is ciiai we arc at last recovering tl:o drought and floods, and that the .spasmodic advances of business in town show that our friends outside aro getting more money to spend with us. ' Well, so mote it be !' us they say in tho play. Ono good result of the bad times has doubt less been to weed out many of the unscrupu lous and mushroom traders, whoso system- of speculating in business without capital is so disastrous to all concerned ; inasmuch as their bad debts have to be covered by an additional profit on tho Bteady payerB* transactions. These are tho peoplo who render credit odious, ind yet, in theso dnys, when nearly everything is bought for money, and thera is scarcely nny exchange, it is necessary to have credit, or papor money, which is tho same thing; as we liave not nearly enough specie for our business. Some of us get scarcely enough spocid for our needs, alas 1 I see, according to a conversation Mr. R. J. Cottell has had with tho Master of Titles, that tho latter authority upholds my view -as to the omission of the word ' heirs ' from the land grants. Ho confirms tho opinion that, this word omitted, they convey only a life interest. This makes it tho more needful to again impress upon those who happen to havo taken up the now grants. Mr. Cottell snys he has seen a hundred of them — tho absolute necessity of having them reciified. .Otherwise, when the present discussion has boon forgotten, and someone who holds the defective grant wants to sell his freehold, he will find he has not the freehold to convey, but only a life interest — a distinction which will make a serious difference in the selling valuo. Query : Why was Sir Sam allowed to mako tho alteration in the wording of tho grants. It does not seem to bo nny part of his proper work. Is it bocauso ho must' havo a finger in every pie, whether he is likely to spoil it or not? Where aro tho police ? Knncy, on Saturday morning last, two men' fighting in Queen streot ; not an ordinary rough nnd tumble, but a fight whero there was leisure onongh for a ring to be formed, and ono of tho man to strip. This within a hundred yards, too, of tho sacred precincts of tho police court whore only when afnlao cry of '.'police,' no constable actually appeared, that tho pugiliats retired, 'with fncos, fists, and bodies covored in blood.' Wo are' gravely told, by Dr. Watts, I think, though not with truth, that — ' ' . ' Birds in their little nests agree,' and it is odd how ready the superior anhW man, is to ' pool' and liavo a 'sot-to,' if his dignity bo touched, especially whon ho has had the proverbial glass too much. But it is odder still that something approaching a regular fight — men stripped, and, doubtless, seconds, and tho inovitablo 'sponge' duly provided — should bo possible in the leading thoroughfare of tho city. Wo can only, repeat, ' Where aro the polico ?' Maryborough has been revelling in a ghost ; at loast so tho police sergoant Bays. He saw it with his ' wory hoyes' ; it glided ovor a fence and sunk into the ground at tho 'coppers' approach, I. think I should havo dono the same had I been playing ghost, in fear of a morning interview with tlio P.M. had I stayed. I saw a ghost nvysolf onco, — a real one. As a boy, I was sleeping in a quecr-sbaped room in an old house in an old part of London,— tho- coffin- room wo called it, from its shape. Gruo some tales wero rifo amongst us youngsters, as to tragio deeds whioh had been perpetrated in that old house in days of yoro, nnd thoy no doiiht, impressed my juvenile imagination, anyhow, I saw tho ghoat. I slopt with an oldor brother, but by reason of his superior age, ho was privileged to stay up later than I. For on hour or two each evening therefore, I was the solitary occupant of the coftin-rooin. On this particular evening I had stayed nwako nftor going to bed, nt least so 1 then maintained, although I would Bcarcly muko an affidavit of tho fact now. As I lay there, B- lady dressod in a costume oZ black, trimmed with gold cording, came and stood by the bedside and regarded me steadfastly, I think that is tho proper ??? oxprossion,^ ghos!s always regard you tteadfastly. What hcrappcaranco portended, I know not; Istajed ?- not to know; but, with a cry of torror, I . brunded from tho room to tho raoro hibitablo ,- V ' regions below, and astonished my elders by ' :. ;, ' appearing in my night shirt in thoir midst. Gently, bnt firmly, they led mo back, and ; ' showed mo thnt no ghost was thero; bnt to no .-'?'?-- purposo: had I not seen it? I dnrefoy it wns only too much cold pudding for sapper, or something of that sort, but tho lady in tho costume of black/trimmed with golden cord, rcuardinpr mo steadfastly, is a reality to mo '-,'./ oven now. I wonder what tho police-sorgeant's ' i' ghost was? I havo known cases whero a too abundant supply of ardent stimulants has ?' . . raised not a ghost only, but a legion of ' bluo ' dOVilB.' ..-'.:?:: The cry ia 'still they come.' On Saturday ' last; tho Chyobassa arrived off Thursday '.' Island with anofher load of unfortunates. ? How does our paternal Premier- deal with tho crowd? Verbally he oxpreased his sympathy with the village . settlement scheme. Practi cally, ho does nothing to help the unemployed. But willingly or accidentally he 1ms taken ono step which will relievo tho evil. Ho has introduced and carried a bill for incren6ing - ? ? the passage monoy of immigrants. ,To judeo ; from his remarks on introducing the Hill, ho seems to think immigrants will flock in as usual; hut that tho Government will get moro out of them ; he estimated that £30,000 moro would have been received tho last two years had tho new rates boen ? in f orco. I hope tho actual effect will be to prohibit immigration,— ''' (i\ at nil events, until some proper steps are ? * ' ? ' taken to find work .for tho new-comers on the land, whero they could bo productive, instead of allowing them to feed tho misery aud dis tress of the towns, ns they do now. Tho hospital collections amount, so far, to about £850, as against £957 last year; but a fow more amouuts have to come in, and probably the final total will reach last year's sum. But it might havo beon better, and folks should be brisker in Bonding in their lists and the cash. I am told they hang about for three or four months before all are finally collected, Tho performances of tho Amateur Opera Company are on this week, also for the benefit of the Hospital, and I hopo some of my fair frionds, who do me tho honor to rend this column, may have been abla to persuade their dear old dads to bring them down. As I : walked throngh Queen-street to-day, and saw tho protty faces of Bomo of the girls looking sweetly into the drapers' windows, I wondered whether tho darlings were from tho Downs of that name. . In rather bad task, as.it seems to mo, Mr. W. H. Collins, tho freethought lecturer, gavo an address on Sunday night, on the Inverell . tragedy. I say in bud taste, because of caurso the subject of this melancholy slaughter of a family could hardjy bo discussed without in a measure judging tho culprit .-and that is : '. usually left for tho courts to do, whioh has not yet been dono in this caso. No doubt religions mania — to which Mr. Collins attributes this catastrophe — is tho causo of many evils, and a long sermon might bo preached upon it. The sins which poople w'dl commit when suffering 'rom an excess of velicrious emntion. linvn been often exemplified in tho world's history, and the lecturer may be right in treating the caso under notice as an exnmple of them. But it is 'a good rule not to prejudge a man, either to his benefit or against him: and it will be ' timo enough whon tho dispassionate trial by a public court has decided the matter, to analyse its details, and inquire into ' the motives which induced an apparently kind husband and father to immolate those nearest and dearest to him. But it is a fault of pro fessional free-thinkers to bo aggressive in their line of conduct and indifferent in their manner of speech; for freedom they too of ten substitute license. It was rather rough upon the dear little girls who went up to the Brisbane Grammar School to bo exnmined, to have a lesson in dictation givon them by an examiner whoso voice was too soft and low for them to hoar him. Contrary to all canons of good manners, tho sweet females who are dosirous of becoming 'siveot girl graduates', wero placed behind tho Doys ; anu one or me latter, wno was in front complained that ho could not hear. When lie ' ? stood up to complain; ho was shortly told he was deaf and ordered to 'git' : tho trembling littlo pussies of the gentler sex who stood up wero not noticed at all. This is very sad. Some dear girl, who might havo graced Girton - or Newnhanii and becomo 'first wrangler', may through his misehanco have loaf! her chance; and may be doomed never to wear the 'chopping' board and pudding basin' — as we boys used to call the college headpear — and may never don the academic gown, just through a horrid, indistinct, old examiner, who would not read out clearly and loudly enough for her to do her dictation properly. Fairest, dearest, sweetest Jessie wo feel wo have lost her quite now. On Saturday we had our letters from her from Adelaide, whioh port sho left in tho Oroya on the 19th ; so sho must bo speeding along — safely and comfort- ' ably, let us hope — through tho Indian Ocean now, en route for dear old England, gentle gales and pleasant breezes prosper the good ship Oroya! But it is very melancholy indeed to seethe bereaved mashers left behind. They have gone off their liquors and foreswor.n thoir pipes; they pass their weary leisure hoars H in blankly surveying each other's grief, and ? forngiug out old scraps nf letters,— notoa of old appointmonts, fondly treasured, and now - tho only comfort of mourning lovers. Efrppy ' V they who havo been remembered to the last, nnd to whom tho welcomo postman brought tidings of tho departed fair one on Saturday last. ' Ah, old man, Jessie's gone .' If it goes on much longer, this unavailing desparinj cry, — we shall want a new homo, for lone lorn lovers, where another Jessie shall tenderly r care for them and make them happy, and, in * tho gayer hours, break parasols over their backs, nnd rap their knuckles with office ' . ' rulers. Dear old chappies, cheer up, and you ''...' shall have another Jessie— so do not let your ? ,' high-built collars got limp. . .' ?.',' I mot nn excited 'Wnsn' on SatuwW. .'''': Ho was aB olevntod in his ways ns the celebrated professor wlio explained 'his exaltation of speech and (low of gaiety by informing his friend that ho had both upor-t hia opirit lamp ' nnd had been taking laughing gaB at the ,' '?-' ' dentists. ? Tho Wasp |in question was a foot baller, ono of those athletic chaps whose . souls ??.''' are bound up in 'kicks' and 'trys' and : 'goals.' Tho Wasps had beaten the Oxfords,.. ,- thoy hare only to heat the Sandgates, or somo ? other fellows, and thon— 0 glory !— the eup, . : the priceless cup, will bo theirs. Aftor all, '....! while wo smilo at such euthusinsm, this glory, ,.'=. cheap as it is, is afar healthier thing than vi that other glory, in which the kicks and trys ??' - aro hullot and steel, and tho only goal ia death . ''.-.' Those bloodless battles, even ovor the kicking of a ball, havo moro of tho real spirit of rivalry ahout thorn, than thoso others ; and if I had to choose my battlefield it ahould bo at Kcdron ' Park leather hunting rather than in tho Soudan, or elsewhere whero our boya bavo been learning tho grimmer sort of warfare Mr. St. Maur's benefit took placo, on tbo closing of his soason at tho Gaiety, last Friday ? night, 'Tho Trial Shaft' boing tbo play Bclected, and securing tho approbation of a good houso. This talentod company leavo us ' for New South Wales. Major Done occupiod tho Gaiety on Saturday, anil announces a last appearanco thero on Thursday; bnt this much- lauded orator has not quito justified tho fluttering econiums passed upon him, especially by tho Y.M.C.A. Tho oarly part of this ? ' ' week, the Gaiety is engaged for tho Hospital Benefit and thon somo improved ventilation and other improvements will bo mado : and on Monday noxt tho 'Mikado' will bo put upon the stago thoro. This celebrated Savoy piece, bristling with tho quips,. aud c tanks of Gilbert and ggy with tho music ' of Sullivan, should draw good houses. Currio Swain still carries ? on at the Royal,. ns tho Miner's Daughter while on Wodnoeday, 8ho will start a rollicking careor as the Tomboy, 'Ab, there I' 