Congregational Union. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union have been held in Brisbane during the past week. On Tuesday evening, a good congregation assembled to hear the address delivered by the Rev. J. Walker, whioh was as follows:— "Fathers and Brethren of our Congrega tional Union, —We are assembled at this Annual gathering with tho shadow both of bereave ment and disappointment resting upon us. Two of our standard bearers have recently fallen. The Master whom wo love and serve has called two of our ministers to their rest. The Rev. Wm. Brown, of Goodna, came to this oolony in January, 18S3. He was then in failing health, whioh our bright and genial climate could only Bootho, but not heal. For a short time at Bundaberg, and thou at Goodna, he laboured for Christ as his strength per* mitted, and he did not labour in vain. His bright cheerful piety, manifested aatidst increasing weakness, exerted a strong influence for good which will long remain. •He being dead yet sneakoth.' Tho Rev. J. B. Evans, 8.A., came to us with his young wife in November, 1885. Ho had iust finished a brilliant college oourse; but disease of the lung had laid its fell hand upon him. He came to us nnder medical advice, hoping that with God's blessing he might regain in sunny Queensland that health which it seemed hope less to expect in Eogland. Alas! this hope was not fulfilled. At Southport, and then at Roma, he laboured amidst declining strength, bnt laboured in suoh away as to make all who oamo in contact with him feel how Gkristly and cultured a spirit was passing away. Ho would preach the Gospel he loved so much oven when it was evident he was dying. Amidst physical feebloness that made a profound impression on those who saw and heard him, he preached on Sunday, 28th August, and on tho following Tuesday ho -pawed away to tho better homo. May God bless tbe widows who havo been bereaved, send more labourers into the Gospel harvest field, and help us bo to live and labour that when the call comes wo also may bo ready for the Master's presonoo, and for the Masters joy. We meet hero also under a strong sense of disappointment. Since it was first stated that Dr. Dale and Mr. Albert Spioer wero about to visit the colonies, we have eagerly expected the pleasur and advantage of their presence in Queensland. We need so much, perhaps more than tho older colonies, the stimulus and help which such a gifted deputa tion oould not fail to impart. Both our sor row and disappointment were great when we heard that illness would provent Dr. Dale from coming so far North. Wo had postponed those meetings to this time, with the view of having our English visitors with us. But even Mr. Spicer had in part to disappoint us. In order to catch tho boat for Samoa, which leaves Sydney to-morrow, ho had to pay us a hurried visit last week instead of this. To Dr. Dalo wo tender our warmest sympathy in his alllic tion, and prny our Heavenly Father soon to restore bim to perfect health and strength. To Mr. Spicer_ we give our heartiest thanks for his brief visit, aud tho inspiring influence and pleasant memories it has left behind. To our selves, as Congrcgationulists of Queensland, tho principal ovent of the prist year has been tho publication by my vonerablo friend and predecessor iv this chair, of n history uf ' Con gregational Independoney' in this colony. This work was, I believe, tho fir«t of its kind on this Australian Cmtiiieiit. Mr. Wight,with his fine literary ability, and also a-* having been tho first Congregational minister in Bris bane, was specially fitted to undertake such a work. I need not speak of its merits as a most, interesting record, orris a ni-rrioriil <d pi-uiKi* work that will lieeume iwrt valii:il-h- as tin years roll by, but I may ur-^e aM thi* iii»-iiilm-i.. of this union uot only to pUMtss il theuiht.lvcr, but to endeavour to scenro for it an entrance into every Con'.'regational home in the colony. Thero is another recent event to whi-h brief reference must be made before dealing v-ith tho special topic of this address. I refer to the jubilee celebration ot tne (Jongregalional ohurphe* of South Australia in September. Much was expected from that conference, and expectation must havo been extra vagant indeed if it was not amply realised. No such gathering of representative Con frregationalists has over met in Australia before. The papers read Snd discussed were worthy of the ooca**toh, dealing with subjects affecting* the mental, spiritual, and practical Hfc of our churches. Tbe public meetings were crowded and enthusiastic, and the speeches, especially those of Dr. Dale, will remain as ploasant and inspiring memorios for a lifetimo. Mr. Wight, Mr. Peter M'Lean, and myself wero your privileged representa tives at that conference, and we trust that the honour and interests of our Queensland churches did not suffer at our hands. With these prefatory reiaarks 'concerning matters which affect us as a Congregational Union, let mo ask your attention to the ' Word of God, in it-* relation to our Con gregational Churoh life and preaching.' Not very long ago, the Church of Christ ana its divine charter, the Word of God, were frequently attacked by philosophic doubt from without. A refined materialism and a dreary agnosticism seemed either to be questioning our most cherished beliefs, or coolly assuming that from a scientific standpoint they oould not be suooessfully defended. That oondition of things has very muoh changed within the last few yeens. Two or three things havo been helping on this desirable aud healthful change. Scientific men havo had so frequently to revise their own conclusions in the domain of naturo that the sceptically inclined amongst them have lost much ol their inftuenoe in speaking of mat ters that are spiritual. Men naturally reason thus:—That if iv their special sphere scientific experts sometimes mistake hypothesis for faot, it does not become them to speak with the dogmatism of infallible authority on subjects of supremo importance, which lie outside thoir sphere. Then again, the strongest and bitterest attacks on our faith by sceptical scientific men have been more than neutralised by the living faith and Christly lives of other men of science of the very highest attainments and reputation. There are not any names that can be quoted on tho anti-Christian side that carry with them moro weight in the scientific world than the Thompsons, Sir William Dawson, Dollinger, and Gray. So that hero, as well as among men of other classes, God and the truth have nevor been without thoir witnesses. Please note again thut whilo attacks havo been made on Christianity from without, thero has been a many-sidod movement and advanoe within. Most of the sections of the Christian Churoh have been coming nearer to each other, making more of their points of agreement and less of their little differences. They have, with more or less faithfulness, continued their 'beneficent oourse of Christian activity. They have wrought moral and spiritual miracles in the name of Jesus Christ, and by the power of the Holy Ghost. They have fed the hungry, clothed the naked, healed the sick, cast out devils, lifted up battered, bruised, and degraded human lives, and have given to all who havo subjected themselves to a living Saviour new lives, new hopes, and new enjoyments. In the presence of results like these, no attacks on Christianity from without will make either a deep or an abiding impression. The strength of Christianity lies in the manifestation of its spirit and fruits. These prove its divine origin, and are the pledge and promise of its complete victory, But while the attitude of soeptkw scientific men to wards Christianity is assuming a more rcspectfid character, thero is a suspicion, moro or less widespread, that another and far graver danger is threatening the spiritual life of our Free Churches. Many v citadel has survived tho fiercest and most prolonged attacks from without which has afterwards fallen through treachery and unfaithfulness within. It is not only whispered that the paralysis of doubt is beginning to affect our Churches, but there aro thoso who assert that this deadly leaven has been ut work for some time and has already produced disastrous results. The recent utterances on this subjeot in its relation to his own denomination by perhaps the most popular living preacher has deservedly awukent a wide spread interest and attention. Some lively oon-enpondonco in British newspapers on Mr. Spurgeon's serious ehargo has assumed that it affects both brunches of the Congrega tional Churchet of Eugland. If there is any real ground for the strong statements thut have been made it is woll that they have become public, and in the interests of that Christianity whioh is dearer to us than life, it is desirable that they be earnestly and prayerfully considered. We have everything to gain by publicity and discussion if only tho Christian spirit is manifested. Those who have watohed the career of Mr. Spurgeon for tho last thirty yoars must f col that it oan be no {densant position for him to bo an accuser of lis brethren. Tho controversy having arisen wo shall servo no good purport, either t * tho truth or to ourselves, by getting angry with him who has publicly started it, or by trying to break tho force of his statements by dis paraging his powers as a thcologinu. It will be much bettor for all of na to sco how far wo as Christ's redeemed sorvants aro standing for the dofence and propagation of tho Gospel as revealed in the Scripture/). In this way the words of the great Baptist preacher, despito their apparent harsh nebs, will servo un important practical purpopo to tho free churches of Christendom. We venturo to think that thoy are already doing s<», for there can hardly bo tbo present general consideration of ull that those words involve without a resultant of spiritual good. It is well to remember that we havo been passing through a tranr-ition period in relation to theology. Within the last generation onr con ception* of somo nsp'f.tsof divine truth, as also inir modes of e.xpre.u.';ir>n, huv*1 *rr*-*it.ly rli-»n;(--il. A pre--.-*.- lik-itbi-* may oc. n'^f-.-t-.iry at times but it is alw.-.y* ono <»f •••>n«i-|.-ia)iI'- j. cril. It is apt to carry ii* further than wo are justified in going. Freedom has its limit, its responsibility, and its danger. Our freedom aa intcrpoters of Christian truth is as wMo u£ the Word oi God; it is ab*o limited by that Word. This is our strength and joy, that amidst all changes of human thought we have God's word, whioh liveth and abideth for ever; the revelation of the Divine will, whioh is the one rule of faith and life for all the ages sinoe it was given. We have no stereotyped interpretation of that word, to which, as a oreridi we sdbderibe- As spiritual men, We are left tree that we may be ihe more loyal to the inspired word, and to the new life that God has given us. Wo refuse to be bound by the traditions of tbe past, exoept so far as they voice tbe living word of to-day. But this liberty brings with it the highest responsibility. It demands that we should be unselfish, sincere, and devoted students of the Book, that in reading it we seek, as the miner seeks for gold, the enlightening and guiding influences of the Holy Spirit-, So that ascertainihg the very mind of Christ We may be empowered to make it known to others. While this is onr groat privilege, our God-given freedom, to search the Scriptures, each man for hinvelf, it is not without an elemont of danger. In the words of Robinson, we boast that' God has yetmorelight to break forth from His word, and that we are prepared to receive the light from whatever quarter it may oome.' These are beautiful sentiments, biit they may become idolised - and thus prove a delusion ana a snore. If Robinson could have foreseen all ihe Vagaries of religious thought which his words huve been quoted to justify, I question if he would have permitted any human eyes, except his own, to see them. We are under sacred obligations to receive light from any quarter, but we must be sure that it is light. We must not bo led away by the misty vapours of an unregulated imagination, and insist that this is the light which ooraeth down from heaven. The word of God as wo have it in the inspired Book is the standard by whioh all that we judge to be light must be tested. As this word was the court of appeal in the oldon time, so it retains its supreme place as the revelation of God's will to-day. 'To the law, and to the testimony I If they speak not acoording to tbis Word, it is because there is no light in them.' Our own Churches will be strong in proportion as they are true to Scriptural principles, and exemplify the spirit of Christ. Do we not sometimes feel a sense of humiliation and shame as the evil and nn- Christlike spirit which has too often marked the Churoh in the past is brought up as a weapon of reproach against those who are trying to do Christ's Work to-day. Even this painful form of dis cipline will not be in vain, if wo remember that we have only cause to Mush for the Church of tho past when she has departed from Chris tian principles, and been unfaithful to the Christian spirit, and if we ourselves try to exhibit both in the Christian work we are doing to-day. Dr. Fairbairn has said that 'to be a Christian Churoh is to be the greatest of all societies, charged with the highest and most honourable of missions-—the m'ssion of interpreting God to man, of •recon ciling man to God.' If we are to be worthy of this society, and to fulfil this mission, we must be pre-eminently people of the one Book, and bo suffused through and through with the Spirit of God, by whom the Bookhas been in- Sired. In connection with our Congregational lurch life, preaching the Word occupies a protniuentplaoe. It is of more importance to the free Churches than to the other Churches of Christendom. We have no accessories of art to add to the impressiveness of our services. We have neither gorgeous vestments, imposing oe-remonies, nor stately liturgies to attract ana awe those whom we gather together for wor ship. We depend upon God's Word, and upon the presence in our assemblies of the Divine Spirit. Our forms of worship are almost as simple as In New Testament times, and we keep them so that nothing artificial or mechanical may prevent any redeemed soul from the fullest and freest fellowship with Him whom we lovingly call Father. But all this makes it of supreme importance that thoso who lead our devotions in the sanctuary, and who stand before us as tho prophots of God and messengers of Christ, should be * mighty in the Scriptures,' men •in whom the spirit of God is.' Very muoh has been written in our day of the decline of the pulpit, of the functions of the preacher being --upersedod by the Press. The functions of the nreaoher will never be obsolete while there is divine truth to be con* served, imperfect believers to be built up in the faith of the gospel, and sinful men to be re claimed to the freedom and service of Jesus Christ. Cariyle, in his own terse war, speaks of the need of the preacher, and puts his finger upon one of his weaknesses and his need. He says, • I wish he could find his point again, this speaking one, and stick to it with tenacity, with deadly energy, for there is need of him yet.' Ah, that is it, sticking to his point. Is there not a well- grounded fear that we often get away from our points. A few years ago a retired but influential Baptist minister of Liverpool said that after a pastorate of forty years he hud been privileged to listen to their ministers in different parts of the country, and he had been deeply impressed with this fact, * that as a rule, iv their proachiug, thoy aimed ut uothing particular, und wero wonderfully successful iv hitting tho murk.' The Kov. Fdward White, in his address from the chair of the Congregational Union of England and Wales in May of lost year, used these words, * If I might venture to-day with an earnest ness which neutralises even the sense of personal unworthiness, to exhort my younger brethren to any one thing, it shall bo to conjure them to press upon sinful dying mon of all ranks of intelligence the message of grace in Christ Jesus; that ia the immediate und thorough forgiveness of sins with tho gift of eternal life—as tho secret at once of peace with God and purification of heart.' Ho adds * I last year listened to sermons in various churches fur six months, not ono nf which was marked by this lending topic of apostolic preaching.' Surely if these testimonies repre sent t-i any extent tho -/eiicr-il elinrnctcr of pre-v-hing, we hav»* lost the point, and ha-l iK- lt-r beck speedily to find it ayain. An apostle, who in spirit, zeal, intelligence, ami consecration may well serve as a model for every Christian peracher, said to the Corin thiau-3, * I determined not to kuow anything amon<* you, save Jesns Christ, and him crucified.' And to tho Galati-ins, * God forbid ihdt t should gjdr-fc save in the cross df ottr Lord Jestis Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me and I unto the world.' He found his point, and by it he moved tho world. He stuck to his point, aud sinners wero saved, and churches founded in nearly every plaoe whioh he visited. He sought to stand on suro grotlnd. He was ao broad as the Bible, as narrow as the truth, and so Unselfish in bis devotion to the servioe of Christ and humanity that he count- d all things but loss that he might be found in Christ; yot would have been willing to have been cut off from Christ if by that means the Israelites, his kinsmen according to the flesh, oould have been saved. It is ours as preachers of the glorious Gospel not to mutilate the Bible, but to expound it, as the uplifting and inspiring revelation of God to nian; not to whittle down tho supernatural facts of Christianity to tt vanishing point, but to realise tho presence of the Divine Spirit; to rejoice that we havo tho illimitable resources of toe risen and ascended Saviour behind us in our work. Not to prcaoh to satisfy the spirit of the age, but so as to in fluence it with New Testament principles, and transform it by the spirit of Jesus Christ. Brethren let us who are called to teach or preach find the point- and stiok to it—find it where it otilv can be found, in the wofd of God. and in ihe abiding presetico df tho Divine Spirit. And as we rejoice in our calling, wo shall bo able to say with an enthusiasm born of a renewed oonfidenoe—• lam not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that beliovoth.' There are many features of our Congregational Churoh life and work, and their relations to tho Word of God, whioh in this address I have not been able to touch. Let me say in few words that as Congregationalists we are not ohildren of the creeds, but of the Scriptures. The Word of God is the law of our lives, and our guide to the kingdom of heaven. Honoo this Word hss relations to us everywhere and in everything. The Bible should be in the church building, in tho worshipping-place of the Christian assembly, but it should also bo in the Christian family, and, in a very important sense, in the Christian's heart. Tho Psalmist said ■ Thy word havo I hid in my heart, that I might not sin against Thee.' The Apostle John said • I have written unto you, young men, be cause ye are strong and the Word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.' As individual Christians and as Congregational churches we may confidently take our stand on this sacred book, for * the word of the Lord is tried.' Those who reject, or in any way degrade it are not likely to have any great in fluence for good upon humanity. The men who have wrought most successfully for their brother man in the past have been men who loved this book. Its influence upon tho coming generations will not be less than upon those who have passed away. The Bible is the oldest boo* in the world, yet it is always new ; it is as fresh and life-giving now as the sun which shone upon us this morning. The work it has to do and the wonders it has to achieve are manifold. It will yet help in the solution of the most important social and political prob lems. It will help to widen the sum of human Überty—to bridge the chasm whioh separates different classes—to soften the asperities snd multiply the amenities of life, and with the divine Saviour aad ever present spirit whom it reveals, it will help to bring baok the wholo world into subjection to God." 