'iiio New Nominees. If the Government remains in. oiEce mnA longer, it will become known as tha Minis try of Mistakes. For the last few months it has been, committing one blunder after another, any one of which was sufficient to bring it into ridicule ; and now it has created a batch of new members for the Legislative Council which ia about the greatest blunder of the jot. Twelve names are to be submitted to his Excellency, and out of these there are only r-ai-ee wiiose vast services in tJar liainent justify their appointment, and even one of them has no special claims. As a member of the Assembly Mr. Teickett w:is a very moderate representative. He neither did much harm nor good ; but as compared with the majority of the sew nominee legislators, he is a redeeming feature in the list. Dr. Bowkeu will be an acquisition to the Council; and the most peculiar thing about his appointment is that it was not made years ago. j As a' member of the Assembly he had a special individuality, and his opinions were always listened lo with the respect they merited. Though he has been out of political life for a few years, lie has, no doubt, been watching- the inarch of events, and he will bring the advantage of an experienced politician with him into the Council'. The third appointment to which no exception can be taken is that of Dr. Renwick, who, both as Minister of Mines and Minister for Public Instruction, did the State good service, for which his appoint ment to the Council is a well-merited recognition. Having made these re marks about Mr. Triceett, Dr. Bowkek, and Dr. Berwick, we have disposed of all the new members cf the Council respecting whose appointments .there is anything favorable to be said. One of them is unknown to the public, never having taken a'ny part in politics, but, as contrasted with the played out politicians with wbom he is associated, not being known is a distinct advantage. It is better to be unknown than to have the reputation which clings to some of the new men In addition to the alto gether unknown gentleman, there are two or three old identities who were once in Parliament, but whose political existence had been forgotten, and their re appearance on the scene is as great a sur prise as that cf the ghost of Hamlet's father. It is given as a reason for nomina ting a new lot of members, that some of the present ones are so old and their health so uncertain that they c-pnnot attend to their Parliamentary duties. This is no doubt the case; but in connection with such a reason for new appointments it appears rather absurd to find the name of Sir Wm. Manxikg the first on the list. It may be that his nomination is in tended as a compliment, and that he is not expected to do much or any work, and if this is the case his nomination to a seafc in the Conncil may be passed ovee as a barren honor conferred in return for his services .on tbe Supreme Court Bench. The retirement of Mr. Johs Dayies into the splendid obscurity of the Upper House is the most surprising thing connected with the new appoint ments. In the first place it is surprising that Mr, Davies should abandon all inten tion of returning to that branch of the Legislature in which his peculiar qualities have a much better chance of de velopment. He will scai'cely feel himself at home amid the strictness and extreme propriety of the Upper House ; but, of course, if he does not like it, be can leave it, which he probably will do if he gees a good chance of returning to his old 'rail' in the Legislative Assembly. The second surprise connected with his appoint ment is that the Government had the courage to make it. A gentleman who has been banished from the Assembly and the Citv Council by the voice of the people cannot be an acquisition to the ranks of the Legislative Council. So far as regards being banished from the As sembly, however, Mr. Davies stands on the same footing as a majority of the Upper House members, about two-thirds of whom have either been rejected by a Lower House constituency, or have declined to contest one, knowing well that they could not succeed. When the electors decline to make certain gentlemen legis lators, the nominee system of creating lawgivers can be resorted to, and Ministers as a rule take advantage of the opportunity to soothe the feelings of their disappointed friends. The Council has fairly gained the reputation of being a refuge for destitute politicians, and out of the twelve new members it has received eight additional inmates from the ranks of politi cal destitution, Mr. Walker, Mr. Shep herd, Sir William Maknikg, Mr. John Davies. Mr. Humpheky, Mr. George Campbeli,, Mr. A. T. Keek, Mr. R. H. D. White, have all occupied seats in the Assembly ; and with the exception of Sir William Manning their pre sence in it only tended to prove how absurd, if not dangerous, it is to entrust some constituencies with the fran chise. Mr. O'CoOTfOB is the one gentleman in the batch who is altogether unknown to public life ; and though it may be said in favor of his appointment that he may de velop abilities which experience5* has proved the majority of his companions in this latest Ministerial Government do not possess, yet the same might be said, of thousands of nntried men. His appointment is, indeed, involved in mystery. 