[cOXTtSVEU VKOM WRr^KSlWYS .SVfl'U:. '>iK>rr]. A GAME OF CHANCE vi' ; \ BY ELLA J. CURTIS. (shirley smith), Author of "Thk Favovritf. of Fortune," "ayltvor Hkkski.f," "His Last Stake," ! ■ • Etc., etc. CHAPTER XXXIV. - Mus Ebskink IYjkeuakts thk Futi'uk. It was all over! Tho tragedy so awful in its suddenness which had left Amy Erskine a widow, and her infant son heir to the old title and estates, was already although barely a month had passed, almost forgotten in Simla, and life there went on'as before. Nothing came out respecting tho communi cation that was handed to the unfortunate young man just before the last game of Polo besran, and the impression that his reckless play had been caused by some information conveyed to him 'by the fow lines the note contained, died out at once as soon as his servant declared that the haudwriting was that of Mrs. Erskiue. No one supposed that she had any news of an exciting or agitating nature to com municate, and not even the most censorious gossip could make anything out of tho fact that, when Pottinger, the dead man's soldier servant, arrived from the Polo ground in; a high state of excitement with the news of his master's death, Mrs Erskine had two visitors, gentlemen, with her She was ; pretty ami popular, and not a day passed without bring ing visitors to the bungalow, and poor Gus Lewin—a good-natured creatnro as everyone knew—had been most kind and efficient. Ho had broken the awful news to the poor youusj widow, and when sho was sitting there in a sort or stupor, dased by the sudden shock, it was Gus who thought of fetching the little boy to see if a sight of him would rouse her. _ Victor de Louvain's name was seemingly not mentioned by any one; it was his ready arm that caught and supported Mrs. Ers kine when, on hearing from Captain Lewin (who, with the greatest difficulty, had with Rossitur's help, succeeded ir keeping Pot tinier out of the room (that ' Jack' had met with a bad accident, she had reeled back and all but fainted; but before sho recovered full consciousness, he had disappeared from tho scene. No one spoke of him as haviug been an eye-witness to tho young widow's recep tion of tlio terrible news; and no one, but Rossitur, knew how the dead man had hated him. She, putting always the worst con struction upon the actions of her employers, would have been the last to admit that the jealousy of the husband was founded entirely on the fact that tho Frenchman had. bean Amy's lover before her marriage. Until that fatal afternoon they had not met since Amy became Mrs Erskine; neither had they held any communication by letter. As so often happens, poor young Erskine's death was but the beginning of mis fortune. Pottinger, whose brain had been more or less affected since a severe sunstroke the previous year, went clean out of his mind before his young master was buried, and was removed under restraint, and finally sent to England and placed in an asylum for treatment; but the medical men who saw him beforo he started, gave hopes of his ul timate recovery, and these hopes were, as a j matter of course, communicated to his wife. During the first few hours that passed after his return to the bungalow from the Polo ground, he lay tossing about on his bed, and Rossitur, who seemed, when she chose to use it, to possess soma magnetic influence over him, gathered from liis low and often incoherent mutterings that he had either heard of or seen the note she had sent to his master. She had ascertained beyond all doubt that it was not on tho dead man's person when he was brought home; but she know that the utmostcaution would be neces sary if she attempted to search for it in her husband's pockets. As night came on he grew rapidly worse, and before morning broke it took the united strength of three men to hold him, while he shouted furiously that hia master was being murdered by that ' devil;' and all the while he raved, his wild eyes were fixed upon Bella's white determined face! But sho did not care now what he said in his delirium! She had found her letter in one of his poc kets, and it was destroyed beyond all possi bility or chance of resuscitation, so sho could afford to ridicule his frMitic words, and his agouised appeals for justice upon those who had murdered his dear master. He got perceptibly calmer when his wife, who certainly had not been watching him from affection, and who, now that her object was attained, made no attempt to soothe him, left him to the care of others; nor did she, it may bo added, take any further trouble about him during the short time he remained at the bungalow. It was quite touching to see how her mis tress turned to her for consolation and advice in her bereavement. Amy had never really domineered over anyone except her too in dulgent husband; she, herself had always been like wax in the hands of her clever and unscrupulous maid, and it was Rossitur who was iwr most trusted adviser. It was Ros situr who instructed Captain Lewin how to address and word the telegram that was to convey the tragic news to tho family at the Chase; it was Rossitur who urged her bc wlLkred mistress to dictate tho few incoherent lines irhieh the maid not only wrote in her own fine bold hand, but signed as boldly 'Your adlicted daughter, Amy Ers kine,1 that left India for Stoneshiro by the very mail, respecting the dup&rture; of which ^he husband and wife h&d; talked an hour or two .before the death of thfi former on tho , Polo And in that short epistle, j Mrs Erskiiia. or Rossitur for her, promised to write asain i;!ore fully when she had re- j covered somewhat from the terrible shock! And it was Rossitur who saw the visitors who came to inquire for Mrs. Erskine ; and she also designed the monument that was erected over her late master's grave, and the inscription upon it was really her compo^i ! tian although she so cleverly contrived to put her own words into the mouth of her mistress, that Amy thought tho graceful and touching tribute to her husband s memory was all her own. Letters of condolence, too, were for the most paj?t answered by Rossitur, sometimes ill the nainoof tlifl widow but as often in her own ; there was btit one, tud one only, that Amy kopt altogether to 1 herself (but'Rossitur contrived to get a peep I at it) and answered with her own hand, and j j that was a brief pote of manly unaffected sympathy from' Hcwjeur de Louvain, I written irom Calcutta. ^ He was about to start immediately f°r 1 Europe; and any communication addressed i to him, ' poste Restante, Naples,' would \ find him uows given time. There was not a word in the tetter that might not have been printed ~nd publisfed to the world, but somehow Amy could not &r;!)g herself. to treat a letter from him as she would fcave j I treated a letter from Gus iewiiy or any of j ' her acquaintances in poor Jack s old regi- | ; She felt as if she owed him some ] fiQUiSiUSition for the dead man s unreason-j able*aversion to him, and to licrsslf also, i just to prove, fes it vcre, that the friend- , ship between her and de Louvain. trss beyond reproach. P->or Amy was perplexed beyond measure just then at the complication in lier - feel ings.: her husband's sudden death had given her a terrible shock, and she most sincerely regretted that on that fatal fifter oon she had let him go without a tender S.ni jvife-like farewell! Rather with a gibe indeed, ;vrhich was meant in jest, but which Vas'jiC1 pleasant to remember when jhe was brought hotaa to her, dead. .. ; ^ . ia not too much to ;f.y thft ft" missed him at every turn ; he inuJ "potted ami spoiled hor so persistently that she folt lonely without tho attentions that h:ul somehow bored hor not a little when thoy were ottered. Her social position, too. was now completely altered ; her baby boy wight be Sir John some day, but she could never be Lady Erskino ; and although, no doubt, lior father-in-law would givo lior a handsome allowance, in addition to her post nuptial settlement, and a home at the Chase, she did not look forward t.i life in a dull English home in the country with much satisfaction. So. although she grieved for her husband, she was by no means broken-hearted at his loss ; and perhaps was even more genuinely sorry for herself, aud for all the trouble anil discomfort her widowhood had brought her, than for the man who had loved her but too well. Part of her trouble was caused by Pot tinger's insanity, It, was very inconsid erate of him, she thought, to go mad just, as she particularly wanted him to have all his wits about him for her benefit and at her disposal. She could have bought his discharge from tho regiment, and then he would. have travelled home with her and Rossitur, and the two children, and' finally settled iu England with his wife and their boy. But as he had gone out of his mind, it would be her duty to keep Rossitur and her son until ho re covered, and if ko never recovered, Sir John wolild, 110 doubt, be able to got the child into an Orphan Asylum, and Rossitur would continuu to act as her maid. Thus did Amy Erskiuo forecast the future. ' , CHAPTER XXXV. Miss Masham Has Her Suspicions. ' And so ho is back again from America ? That is good news, so far.' Tho speaker was little Miss Masliam ; she was in her own drawing-room at the Rosary, aud the visitor she addressed was Letty Erskine, or Mrs. Herbert Otway as she had a right to be called, and as she was always called in Little Centre Bridge. It was truo and known to everyone iu the town, that she and her husband had parted at' the church door, so to speak ; but tho marriage had never been annulled, aud to all intents and purposes tho pair were man and wife al though thoy never met, never wrote to one another, and, for what outsiders knew never thought of one another. But as to the thinking, only Otway for himself, and Letty for herself could speak ; but it is a fact that she believed tirmly he had forgotten her, and lie had 110 reason to think that the girl who had behaved so heartlessly to him on her wedding day, had fallen desperately in love with him three days later, and would have sacrificed every thing she possessed (except her stubborn pride, of course) to hear him say once more ' Letty, I love you. In many respects she was very much altered since the day, now more than a year ago, that she aud her husband of an hour had stood face to face in the drawing-room in Halkin-street. In person she was more attractive ; her saucy, sparkling, girlish beauty had gained some quality impossible to define in words ; her pretty, slender figure had tilled out and matured without the loss of an iota of her girlish grace ; and if more silent and thoughtful than of old, she spoke to more purposes now than in the days when words aud gay repartee seemed to fall to- ! gether from her pretty lips. She could not ki the least understand herself how such a change had como over her since she began to love tho man whose aftection she hid scorned and repulsed ; it seemed now that to think of hitu, and to live over again iu memory tho days she had spent with him during their engagement, made up the happiness of her life ? How kind he had been ! How tender ; how in dulgent to her absurd c.iprices ; how patient, and 0I1, how loving ! And how she repaid him ? ^ ith stupid sarcasms she was ashamed to remember ; with coldness—with in diflerence, aud too often with unwomanly displays of petulance and temper ! Oh, for the poiver to live that year over again ; to undo all that she had done, and bind to her for ever that one man in tho world whom see could honour as well as love ! That was how she put it; she was now as prone to exalt him as unduly as, in her blindness, she had debased him ! But, cherished in secret, it was but natural that her repentance and love should grow, the one more- absorbing, tho other more painful in its depth and sincerity. No one suspected what was going 011 in her mind, for tho passion of pride was almost as strong as the love and repentance put together. Remembering Otway's outspoken scorn on the day of their filial separation, she would have died rather than approach him as a suppliant for lovo and forgive ness. Hor father and aunt, who had at first taken the matter vory much to heart, were now resigned to what appeared ' inevitable ; thoy had outlived the awkwardness of having to explain that Letty and her husband had parted 011 their wedding day, aud that there was no hope of a reconciliation ; and slio lived 011 quietly at the Chase, and she might have taken up hor old life and been happy enough but for the cruel pain at her heart, and the daily renewed and fierce struggle, that always ended in tho same way, between love and pride. Letty had always liked Miss Masham, but of late, the two had become very fast friends indeed. Tho reason was not hard to find ; the old lady was the only one who ever spoke to hor of Otway. What she said was not always pleasant to hear, but Letty would have endured more disagreeable words for the satisfaction of hearing his name. Slio fcept hor secret most jealously guarded from this candid $.nd clear sighted friend, but nevertheless, Miss LJ^sham suspected that Letty was less indillerent that she seemed, although to her the girl always dwelt upon Otway's declaration that his bride's treatment of him had given the death blow to his 1 affection for her. ' He is not the man I take him for, if it would do anything of the kind,' the old lady used to say to herself; 'but, at the same time, if women are capricious, men are fickle, aud it may be out of sight out of mind with hi in. On this particular afternoon, Letty had walked over to the Rosary to spend an hour 01 iij'Q \vith lier old friend, aud her pony carriage to paji for her about six o'clock. Miss Masham was full of the news of lady Judith Foster's approaching marriage to Mr. Milbanke, which she had heard that morning from Dr. Murray, and he had had his information direct from Lord Stillingfort himself. 1 And from what the doctor tells me, my dear,-' she i?;d, ' I am afraid they have had a great deal of trouble pn aceount of that handsome young organist, Charles Rossitur. It seems he went to Lord Stillingfort 'and proposed in form for the young lady, and iksn it was found out she and he used t? mast four or five times a week in the \rcois. '' I think it is .very wrgug tq f her to marry Mr Milbanke if she cares for"*'Gliariea i Rossitur, said Letty. ' Dear me, are you coming out as an advocate of romance 1 cried Miss Masliam-. ' And why should J not V tasked Letty, quickly. ' Are not all women romantic) I believe Judith earesfor yosjug Rossitur; why, then, should not Lord Stillingfort do something for him aud let them marry 1 ' Because, my dear, in the first place, the Stillingforts are as proud as Lucifer, and they do not believe ' that rank is but tho guinea stamp,' unless the commoner has plenty of stamped guineas; and, in th's second, because I believe that Lady Judith herself does not lovo this youth enough to give up position and money for his sake. ' A woman ought to give up everything in the world for the man she loves. 'Dearme, now isthat so'?'said MissMashatn. with her little head on one side like a pert bin!. 'I thought- love had gono out of fashion ages and ages ago. Hut, no doubt, you know in,ire about it than I do. 1 Indeed I do not. I never was in love, and I never mean to be. ' That being the case, it is a pity you happen to be married.' And then came the abrupt remark : ' And so lie is back from America ? ' If you are speaking of Mr Otway, 1 believe he came buck from Florida a fort night ago. • Ami is there any chance of our seeing him down hero '? Ho is n man we all like very much—at least I can speak fAr my self. " I should think Little Centre Bridge is about, the last place in England ' lie would come to. ' That is strange, too, considering that his wife liv<^ here. > • Now^Miss Masham, you know perfectly well that he and 1 would go a hundred miles out of our way to avoid one another. ' I know nothing of the kind; and I think if you did you would take a great deal of unnecessary exercise. I beliovo if you were to write to-day and say, 'Herbert, come;' he would telegraph to say, 1 Latty I am coming am", when you met you would rush into one another's arms ! ' 1 am quite sure I shouldn't rush into his. | ' But if ho rushed into yours it would do just as well. Letty shook her head. ' Then, my dear girl, if you do not love Herbert Otway (and if I wore a young lady and married to him I should simply adore such a nice handsome fellow) it is your duty to have the marriage annulled, and to marry someone else, and to allow him to marry, too. ' I do not want to marry anyone. ' But he may have fallen in love with some girl ho met in America. You can't tell. The American women are very fascinating, and it is a shame to keep him gagged and bound when you do not want him your self. ' I do not want to keep him, I assure you,' Letty answered with somo asperity. ' Ho may marry a dozen Amorican women, one more fascinating than the other, if ho likes. ' I have no doubt one would satisfy him, but ho ought to be free to choose. What ill the world is the matter with tho child now i Letty's face had flushed suddenly from chin to brow, and as suddenly tho colour all faded away again, leaving her as white as a ghost. ' Look, look, Miss Masham,' she cried. ' Do you see who is coming up tho driro ? Miss Masham rail to the window and looked out. ' Herbert Otway himself,' sho exclaimed f: ' Now, Letty, faint in his arms, and every thing will come right. But Letty drew herself up stiffly. ' I am not going to meet him,' she said. {To he continued.) ' 