(KltUton's Column* THE STORY OF A SENATE PAGE. PART II. {Concluded.} [13Y MARTHA WOLCOTT HITCHCOCK ] J From Harper's Youn,:/ Pmpl?.] Where was Winstanley? Leaving home rather earlier than usual, he reached the Capitol without meeting any one he knew, and instead of going to the Senate wing, he turned into the main building without climbing the sccond tier of steps. This biought him to a large circular space under the Rotunda, known as the Crypt. Through the open door behind him stole iu a whiifof newlv cut grass from the park, a bit of which, bright with sunlight and waving treetope, showed at the end of the long corridor. Barry was waiting for him. "Come down with me while I get the incney," he whispered. " W here did you hide it?' ! " la the document room, near the Undercroft." " All right; go ahead." A twinkle of triumph came into Birry's eye aB he led the way down a long flight, through a dark corridor, down more steps, along a damp passageway, round a corner, up a few steps, on and on. Few but a page could have followed these turns with the same certainty. The stone passages were empty; the footsteps of the boys roused hollow echoes. A chilly air in which the dim gas-jets flickered seemed to blow from subterranean caverns into their faces. "Br-rl" shivered Win, feeling the chill. " How did you get the key ?" he asked, as Barry stooped to fit a large key in the lock of a door which barred their way. " It was hanging in the office, and I took it; that's how." Win whistled softly. Crossing a short paesageway, Barry opened another door, and the boys entered a narrow room with curving walls. "Now look here, Win," caid Barry suddenly facing about, " I told you yesterday I was going to give that money back. I'm not. I'm going to take it and leave for California, and I want you to go along, it's a big chance; we can make our fortunes, aud come home rich in a few years. The first gold we set we'll pay Mr. Birham back. Now you know I might have cut and run last night, but I wanted yoa to go along. It isn't every fellow that would go halves with a big lot of money like this." Barry did not add what he pruoently thought, that the Senator's attachment to Win would shield them both from pursuit and punishment. " Come, what do you say?" " You'thirf and liar, do you think I would do such a thing? See here, Barry Barlow, you get that money and go with me now to Senator, Barliam. cr I'll give yoa up to the first constable we meet." straight from the shoulder he sent Win rcelthe key oil its usual nail, before he joined the pp-ges in the lobby. Bairy left by the afternoon train, but hi3 absence was cot discovered at the Capitul until the next day. Win EI,rang op and rushed at the door like a young tiser. shaking it and shoutiug afttr Barrv till his strength failed him. "Oh, what a fool I wis to trust him!" he groaued, s-inking down on a heap of dusty papers. He took his head in his hands and thought it all over, wondering how he could have been so blind. Barry had been standing at the Senator's desk when Win came iu that morning; he had started guiltiiv. but managed to turn oil' thought, bitterly. Barry only wanted to gain time and catch him in this trap, where he muBt stay shut up while Barry got safely away with the money of Win's kind patron. Fortunately, it did not occur to Win until later that he himself would lie under suspicion, or the poor boy would have been quite overwhelmed. He presently started up, resolved not to call himself caged until he made sure there waa no way of getting out. Feeling for matches, for the room was now totally dark, he found one at last in his pocket, and cautiously struck a light. Yes, there was a gas-burner, and by its light Win made investigations. No window, no door but the one he had entered by, upon whose stout panels and lock kicking and shaking had not the slightest effect. Even his pocket-knife was useless, for it lay, he remembered, in the grass wheie he and Pug were playing mumble-de-peg yesterday. But something on the floor behind the door caught his eye. It seemed to be a little new tm pail, and beside it lay a paper bag. This looked like a bag of crackers, and sbuch it proved to be, The pail held about two quarts of water. A twisted scrap of paper lay on top of the biscuits, which Win caught up and'read. "The hour cf vengeance has struck. In this cell, which will be your tomb, yoa will find provisions to last at the utmost fortyeight hours. When these are gone, prepare for death. No human ear will heed your cry for aid. Farewell, and rue the day you crossed the path of the " RED CHIEF OF THE ROCKIES, " N.B.—Lock out for G. Washington' ghost," , cr, "After all, this is only one of Barry jokes," he exclaimed, angry, yet relieved But—the money ! No, Barry meant to keep the money ; of that he felt certain, and to do this Win must remain shut up until Barry got safely asav. It was only too true that no one would hear his shouts. He knew the thickness of the walls, and the remoteness of the half-forgotten storeroom, JSobody ever came to consult those musty, ancient papers. It being a midsummer session, there was little chance of visitors who might come to visit the Undercroft, where the body of Washington had lain for a short time before itB final interment at Mount Vernon. That was w hat Harry meant when he warned him to look out for Washington's ghost. Pshaw! as if he believed in ghosts, or was going to he afraid of the dark like a baby! He thought, however, with remorse of poor little Pug, whom he had often jumped at in the dark. When he got out of this place things would be different for Pug. The silence was terrible as Win Bat there exhausted after his shouts aud struggles. A queer ticking sound coming from tbe papers disturbed him. It was like the death-watch, he thought—that insect which (in stories) ticks when people are to die. Hark! he almost thought the handle turned softly then. "Help! help!" he shouted, and the sound of the words breaking the stillness almost gave him a panic. Perhaps this faint feeling, which he feared came from the heart, was really situated below in the stomach. He ate a cracker, and found that it cheered him up. Win reflected that if he really remained there for some time he ought to divide his food into portions, aB shipwrecked mariners do at sea. Counting the crackers, he found just two dozen and five. Supposing he stayed there forty-eight hours, it would be well to eat only four crackc-rs three times daily, and ia drinking ry to make his swallows uniform, a swallow cracker. His stomach seemed to at the thought of this meagre fara. So the time dragged wearily on. Having means of telling its flight, he considered stomach the beat clock, and ate only when be believed he could not bear the pangs of hunger another minute. Feverish slumber visited him at times. seemed to be rolling over his head, fie enough to burn as little gas as possible, and to lie down with his face near the crack under the door for the sake of better air. But poor Win made one sad mistake. Oae hour seeming to him like six at the very least, he bad contrived to eat up every cracker and drink the pail dry before twelve hours had passed, and now starvation with horrid fiags really began to gnaw at his vitals. The voice with which he still shouted for help at intervals grew perceptibly weaker; light-headed lite came cn, and last of all a merciful stupor that deadened all his sufferings. Alas ! it was three days later. Bab Soper, who had obtained leave of absence to accompany his father on an official viBit to Fortress Mcnroe, came rushing into the lobby, his face white with horror. " Win ChaDman has been locked up in the Undercroft three days S Barry Barlow did it to keep him from telling. I've ju9t got his letter—I ought to have had it two days ago. Oh dear!" , , Bob fairly blubbered. The Marshal sprang to his feet, tho pages rushed in a body for the key, and before Bob could wipe his eyea all were hurrying, men and boys, through the underground ways to Win's rescue. " Win! Win !" shouted the boys as they drew near. All paused an instant for an answer, lowever faint, but none came, The last door stuck; something inside eisted. It yielded with pressure, however, and by the light that streamed into the room they saw Winstanley at their feet, lying dead or in a swoon upon the floor. Well, he was not dead. After a loDg sicknese, with delirium, he recovered health, strength, and a fine appetite. Senator Barham. more his friend than ever, kept his word, nnd at sixteen Win entered as a cadet in the United States navy, where he served with henour through the war. Barry, who, after all. never meant any greater harm to his friend than twenty-four hours' imprisonment, with a good fright, got safely away with the stolen money, thanks to his having directed suspicion from himself upon an innocent person. Many years after Win heard of him again. Commodore Chapman was thfn in charge of the Mare Island Navy-yard, a few miles from San Francisco. Meeting Bob Soper, a prosperous business man. in the city one day, the latter said— " By- the-way, I ran across that scamp Barry Barlow cut at Leadville." You don't say so! What was he'doing there ?"' He was cook in a mining camp." [THE ESD.] 