Tho Floods and tho Railwav. The following excellent report, from yester day's Courier, of the dangers of tbe floods on tbo 8. nnd W. Railway lino between Roma and Brisbane include most of tbo details we liavo been able to gleam of the damage dono by tho floods on tho BOutUern line, in tho vicinity nf Tuowoonibn. Tho writer says By a fortnitiKus circumstance— from a re porter's stand point— tho writer found himself iu tbo company of the heads of the Railway Department on Friday night nt 9 o'clock, at five minutes past which hour tlicy arrived nt Romn, returning from a trip westward. 'J'bero were among them tbe Minister for WorkB, the Commissioner, tho two Engineers- in Chief (Messrs II, C. Btnnlcy, and W, iiuunam), the Engineer for Existing liucp. and the Locomotivo Supcrintcndnnt. As the Commissioner for Railways stepped from the train a telegram wns put Into his baud. It told the first nows of the floods which worn overwhelming the Lnidloy and Gatton valleys and sadly upsetting the travel ling arrangements of the Premier. Later in the night other telegrams followed, untilthcy piled tip a story of disasters enough to make the st utest quail. Throughout it wns, how- ever, apparent that Mr, Charles Evans, the acting-traffic manager, although hemmed in h'-tween Uramlchcater nnd Laidlcy, and Mr. J.ohn M'Grath, stationnmster at Toowoomba, were tanking the best |>ossible arrangements for the safoly of tho travelling public by their prompt stoppage of truffle at all points affecting tho main lino, and the Cominisi'ot'or upproved their nets. It bad been intended, under previous arrange- m-nts, that tbe special tiain should leave Hotnu for Brisbane at 10 a.m. on Saturday, but in concqucnce of the serious nature of tho mo39nges received both by the Com missioner nnd tho Engineer for Exist ng Lines (Mr. W. A. Cross), who wns one of the party, it wns agreed to start as much earlier in tbe morning n9 possible, and accordingly shortly after 8 oclock the special was 'hounding towards Toowoomba in hot pursuit of tho daily mail which hnd left some hours previously. As each station was reached tho excitement of tbe pursuit increased, for tlio talcs of tbe terrible disasters were intensified nt each The news that the old bridgo at findlicr'a Crossing, near Ipswich, hnd given way wns bad enough, and had the effect of putting tho cnginesrs into a very serious mood, but to it nil thero came an anti-climax when wns rend aloud a telegram telling of fears for the safuty of the Bremer Bridge. This was regarded ns so utterly iniprobnblo that a more pleasant hnd been thining along tho special's « ay, but as Warm was approached the sky far ahead assumed n blacker hue, until the cloud, of n verity no " bigger tbnn a man's hand,' hail become nil immensu black wall, against which the white windmills on Jimbour Downs stood out in bold relief. The news re ceived at Wnira was to to those on the special train the most fcrious of nil. Heavy rains bad fallen nt Gowric, and a bridgo had been nearly washed away. "With the receipt of this news n pplrit of extra cau tion came upon both engine- driver and guard, The line on nrrival nt Chinchilla had been elenred for the fpccinl right away, and stationmneters had been ordered to "lock up the staff." For n station or two this assurance sufficed, but with the receipt of had news about tho lino upon which they were travelling, engineer nnd guard de manded a telegraphic assurance before leav ing each station thnt the staff wns actually locked up. All these very proper precau tions delayed the special to such nn extent that it practically became a pilot for tho mail train following behind. At Dnlby we saw evidences of a short sharp shower, but tbo rain foil not on the train until it was leaving Jondnryan. Then, however, only a few drops full, for the storm clouds were already veering towards the South. The Gowrio news had grcntly increased tho excitement which pardonably prevailed among the party, ami tbe eyes of nearly all were strained to catch the first gliinpso of Gowrie Creek. As tho station was approached, the silver streaks down the side of the range, glittering in the new sunlight, told how the water was flowing into the valley. Footpaths nnd long-dried watercourses were converted into running brooks until they poured into the creek, the seething, boiling waters of which at last came in sigut, rue rapiu current was carrying trees and brushwood on its bosom, and tho soft, black banks were yielding to tho heavy pressure. Even then, however, it was evident that the waters had subsided, for the wet drift- grass accumulated on the fences showed how high the water h id been but a brief space before. As the maintenance camps were passed the fettlcrs were takeu on board the train nnd a sharp look-out was kept for weak or damaged places. At tho chief bridge over Gowrie Creek a special examination wns randc. It wns apparent thnt the water hnd risen to the level of tho rails, but fortunately neither the bridge nor the causeway had been injured, nor the abutment nnd embank ments washed away. A dead sheep, great logs, and much drift wood wero piled up nguinst the bridge ; but the sudden subsidence of the waters had ceased tho pres sure. At every turn of tho creek it had an blnck angry look, and tho bnnksof soft silt or soil had been encroached upon or broken away. Inn few places tbe ballasting on the line had been shifted, but it wns not until we reached 108-5G chains that we met with anything of a serious iiatuce. At this sjwt is a culvert which appeals to hnvo been too small for the immense body of water, which, being rapidly backed into tho water-ways, toon flowed over the permanent way and down the north side of the embankment nnd nl>out 200 yards on the Dnlby side of the culvert. The treacher ous black soil above which the permanent road was laid gavo way under the rush of water, nnd the ballast wnsswept away to the fence, lit some places a distance of twenty yards. A gap of about oighty or one hundred yards was left as the waters sub side i, ami one rail nnd half of tho slccperr wcie hung suspended with no other support than that afforded by the intact half of the embankment. When the special train arrived, a gang of maintenance men, under Inspector MTberson, had been engaged underpinning the embankment with sleepers, but after a clo?e inspection Mr, Cross gnvo directions for the lino to be " slewed" about 2Ct. on the flrni pait of the embank- mcnt, as it would be unsafe to take the train over the " break" with only the under pinned embankment to support it. With the nld of the men brought on from the enmps, this new work was comnflraced nt 4.30 p.m. and before 7 o'clock it wns sufficiently completed to ennblo. the special to passover it and tbo mail shortly after. In the meantime Mr. Miles and omc of the officials went forward to the Gowrie Junction station to learn more particulars of what was reported to bo nn even moro serious break. Tho report, proved to bo only too correct, ami to add to tho disaster tho train which hnd left Dalby at 8,30 a.m. was liommcd in between this break and a dangerous culvert at 107 miles 15 chains. The lulc of the Dalby train is thnt of tho disaster. Tho train arrived at Gowrie Junction iu the middle of n blinding storm of rnio, which rather tumbled in torrents tbnu fell in drops About 10.30 a.m. they left Gowric Junction for Toowoomba, but on approaching tho culvert at 107 miles 15 chains which crosses O'Mara's Creek tho cnginctncu were nblc to sco through tho falling sheets of water that tlio water was flooding up nnd apparently making sad havoc of tho approaches. At this uiomont tho paddoikB on each side of tho lino were entirely submerged, but those belouging to Mr. O'Mnra on the South side of the line, were suffering most, Tho flood Bwept down tbo fences nnd poured into the creek, which thus overflowed its bank& into the waterway alongside the railway embank ment. Tho driver nnd guard of tho Dalby train, with the ghost of a sad accident near the same spot some years ngo beforo their eyes, unwilling to cross n bridge tho rails of which were several inches under water- decided to return to Gowrie. Ten minutes wns tho utmost length of time they re mained, but in tlmt period another disaster bad overtaken them iu the rear nearly bnlf- a-raile away. Tho water rushiug alongside the embankment hnd nt n convenient spot, 107 miles 50 chains, overflowed the line with sorious results. The rush of water is described as that of n torrent which washed away not only bntlnst nnd earth works, but the rails and sleepers were pushed bodily down tho northern sine of the embank ment, throwing tbo rails and sleepers about 12ft. of the line forndistnnco of quite 100 yds, Nor wns this nil ; the ballnst nnd the blnck- soil embankment wero washed away from beneath the rails, nnd for a length of about two chains nt each end of the " slewed" length rails nnd sleepers bung suspended. The work of destruction hero bad been so fur advanoed that all hopo of restoring it on Saturday night wns abandoned. The comparative subsidence <£ the waters nt the creek enabled Mr. Cross to ascertain the amount of damage done to the timber culvert (107 miles 15 chains). When in spected by himnt 5 p.m. on Saturday, the riirii of water was gradually washing nway the abutments and the soil into which tho piles had been driven. Already a short pile wns swinging above tho wntnr. The suspicion was raised that this pilo hnd been improperly driven by contractor or inspec tors whose cupidity hnd overcome their honesty. This view was rather confirmed than otherwise by tho fact that one of tho main piles was marked l ift., but Judging by the appearance of tho pilo ns the" earth wns being rapidly washed away from its base, more than one professional opiuion was ex pressed that if 2ft. or 3ft. more of the foun dation was removed, the point would be dis closed to view. It was certain that, in the rapidly gathering darkness, neither tbe bridge nor tbo rond above it could be repaired for wbeel traffic, and it was, therefore, decided to transfer tbo insscngers in the special nnd down mail rains to a train on tho othor sido of the , O'Mara's Creek, which hnd been sent on from , Toowoomba, bringing on somo passengers for Romn. Tbe work of bringing tho trains care fully over tbe repaired break above the Junction station, of carrying tho passengers, luggage, nnd innils on trollies to the sccoud break occupied n considerable period. Beyond the second break they wero conveyed in the Dalby train to O'Mara's Croi k bridge. Hero they wnlkcdncrossoa plnnks. Special nttun- linn wiw (riven hv thu (ifliciuls to the snfetv of the ladies autl children, and happily no serious accident happened. Mr. Mackenzie, of Toowoomba, hud, however, a narrow cscnpo from being hurled iuto the boiling current bolow." lie had brought ono of his eons ncross, nnd wns turniug back for his wife when tho earth at the abutment of the bridge cave way, carrying him with it. Luckily be cnught tbe rails and wns assisted up the bank without much difficulty. Tbe train reached Toowoomba at 9 15 a.m. after some of the pnsscngors hnd been on tho lino for nearly twenty hours. Throughout Mr, Mile and Mr. Curnow and the other ollielalsmatii- fested much anxiety for tho safety of the pa<sengcrs nnd made tho best po.-siblc ar rangements under the circumstances. Mr. Cross before leaving Gowric gave all neces sary instructions to tho men how to proceed whli the repairs. To assist the twenty men wlio were working at tbe Gowric "breaks" on Saturday, Mr. Cross, on Sunday, Beat twenty others and arranged with Mr. John Garget for tho aid of fifty navvies in restor ing the rond nnd bridge. It wns hoped that this work would be sufficiently advanced to permit trains to pass over ns usual to- dny, While At Gowrie Mr. Cross received mes sages from tho working ganger at Hendon on the Warwick line, that at 1,30 p.m. ou Saturday both cnds.of the bridgo nt 153 miles 42 chains had been swept away, tho Hendon end for 20ft and the other end for Oft. Both ends of the bridge, 153 miles 30 chains' were reported to be washed out, tho Hendon cml for 20ft. The backing logs were also washed away. Tbe Toowoomba end of tbe bridgo was washed away for 40ft. The bank at 153 miles 10 chains was all gono for n distance of 30ft. The flood was washing through tho bridge at 152 miles 75 chains, and at tho Hendon end tbo bank hnd been swept out 1ui uii„ mm m, iuv iwunuuiuwn vuu iu» uiit-. The rni's nnd sleepers were reported to bo all swinging at these place. Tho low Bide of the bank was also washed nway for n dis- tnnco of fifty chains. Men hnd boon set to work repairing those place with such good results that it was expected trainB would pass over on Slonday or Tuesday at latest. News wns ntao received of tho disasters nlrenny reported on the Crow's Nest, Kil- Inrncy, Hnrrisville, Brisbane Valley, South Const, Ipswich, and Brisbane and Sandgato lines. Tito various officers concerned appeared to bo doing their utmost to promote tbo public safety and to effect the speedy repair of tbe roads. Every step tnken was duly reported to the Commissioner for Railways, who with Mr. Cross, was engaged giving necessary directions up to a late hour on Saturday night. Mr. Miles also remained in Toowoomba -for somo after his arrival at that place, in order to ascertain tho latest information. Although tho matters did net come directly within tho jurisdiction of the Engiiicers-in-chief. Mr. Stanley nnd Mr. Hnnimm willingly gave their brother officials the benefit of their advice upon any point upon which they were consulted. Having dealt with the "breaks" at Gowrio, the Engineer for Existing Lines turned his attention to the main line. Arrangements were made by tbe Commissioner for a special -train to lcnvc Toowoomba at 6 o'clock on Sunday morning for Laidiy, in the hope thnt some arrangements might be made to tako on the Premier nnd party. Accordingly at the appointed hour yesterday morning the special left Toowoomba, carrying mails and having for passengers tho Commissioner for Railways, the Engineer for Existing Lines, the Locomotive Superintendont(Mr, Darker), and a Courier reporter. Mr Darker rode on tho cngino, but the others occupied tho end carriage nud closely inspected the line, As the train passed through Toowoomba the courso of the water ns it had swept througli tho swamps was clearly marked by the debris, but the lino was generally in a very sound condition, not only through Toowcombn nud its fuburbs, but all the way down tho range to Murphy's Creek. For scarcely even n single yaul was the ballast disturbed, and any slight disturbances which had takeu place were canned by small landslips, from the high embankments, or thu washing down of snud or pipeclay. The lcugthsmcu all tbe way down the range had pntrolled their distances all night, clearing away tbe sand wbicb had fallen, or carefully watching the Hue and the cuttings, and reporting to their gangers anything of even tho slightest importance. Tho scenery on tbo range has probably not been viewed to such immense advantage for s>:vornl years as yesterday morning. Innumerable waterfalls and cascades were to he seen on the sides of the mountain-like em bankments or in the gullies nud gorges. Somo of tho gullies were fully charged, nnd at the 97-mile bridge, where such was the ruse, the sight was a particularly fino one, oven under the fog which hung pall-like over the range. Tho manhole tunnel near Ballard's Camp was, on Saturday morning shortly after a heavy storm, the scene of a torrcnt'wliich rnshed round the curve of tho tunnel and through the manhole to a height of nearly Gft. Several - of the lengthsmcn declared that the rain which fell wns unlike anything previously seen on the monntnlns, and thnt tho forco with which tho rain fell wns tcrriflo, Rumors hnd been foolishly circulated inToowoombathat tho now 10ft. concrete cul vert, near tho 03-railo peg had given way. Thisculvcrt, which, with its emb nkmcnt, hod substituted No. 49 bridge, was happily found to bo intact. It has not suffered in nny way, bnt some of the "pitching" nt its mouth had been displaced. At Highfields it waB found that the reservoir, which had been empty for somo years nud war never again expected to be otherwise, wns full nnd run ning over. This news was particularly good as it obviated nny necessity for sending down water from Toowoomba to llfghtields for tho locomotives. As tho train reached iiighflciils the fog lifted nnd the sutilight east now gloria on the scene as the waterfalls ami cascades splashed down gullies into the gullies below. A full high bank nt tho new deviation at 83 miles 70 chains showed signs of a slight lnudslip, but so small as iu no way to affect the stability of the line. At 83 miles a fast-running creek camo into view, finding its way round the cultivation paddocks of selectors. This creek wound its way down tho mountain, nnd presently became Murphy s Creek, which, seen nt tho 82 milo peg, wns but a small muddy stream. At the bridge, a few chains nearer Murphy's Creek station, it wns clearly seen from the ntnouut of debris nnd drift wood piled up against tho piers and abatements thnt the waters hnd risen to a great height. At Murphy's Creek station it was stated that the heavy rain on Saturday morning only lasted about twenty or thirty minutes, but it wns such a rain ns was not likely to be forgotten. From Murphy's Creek station eastward the railway runs alongside or within easy oye-range of Lockyer's Creek for several miles. Tho creek yesterday presented an extraordinary nppenr- mice, with bundles of grass and wood drift large fir trees nnd huge logs linrling dowu its rough, rapid, nnd muddy stream. Tho waterways en one or both sides of the railway were frequently running crceks,or if compara tively dry it was evident they had not long been so. «. rift and wood were piled agaiiiBt the fences in some places for miles, affording clear evidence thnt the paddocks and roads beyond had been but recently under water to a goodly depth. Sheets of water filled the hollows or wero spread over low-lying lands. At Granthnm Sandy Creek, usually dry, bad been running moro than a hanker, having clearly overflowed in several places. At 055 miles, a large paddock was under water, und hereabouts the signs were not to be mistaken that the flood waters had been over tho railway, without, however, affecting any damage. Tbe force of the water had been withstood by the wire fence, although tho presence of drift wood on the top rail indicnted the height attained by the water. At Gntton Lockyer's Creek rose over 20ft higher than it ordinnry level, nnd although in the meantime ii h.d receded 12ft. the drift nnd heavy logs remained piled to n great height auainsi the mers of the bridge. The low-level bridge nt Blnckfcllows' Gully, which is near the starion, was reported to bo uudcr water. Two or three men at this place had their tents swept away from them, and a liko fate overtook several maintenance men at Grandchcstcr, where, however, they found refuge iu the good shed. From Gntton on to Laidlcy the country presented an exceedingly dilapidated appenrnnco, except when the great paddocks were converted into lakes, nud the water glistened in the morning sun, Tho fnrms on the banks of Lnidloy were seen to have suffered more or less severely, and in some places fields under cultivation of ono kind or nnothor seemed to have bcon de vastated. As the train approached Laidlcy a slower pace was adopted . and the line keenly examined, but nothing of importance wns observed until the placo already known by the men as " Tho Premier's break " wns reached. Here was a scene of destruc tion indeed. Tho water was at its highest at Lnidloy from Friday to Saturday after noon. The embankment nud rails were submerged, the unusually deep waterway being apparently ineffectual to carry off such nn enormous hotly of water. When tbo water had subsided it was seen thnt about thirty chains of rails nnd sleepers had boon dashed off tho ballnst bed down a Oft. cra- bnnkmcut, and caat against the telegraph posts' a distance of about 30ft. or 10ft. The ballast and earth wns washed nway iuto the creeks or the adjoining paddocks. The fauces were torn up on both sides, and tho drift-grass and wood ap)icnrcd in all direc tions. But more serious still was the damage done to the small flood opening ntthcoU- milo. The piles and beams remained intact, although the Ftructurc was submerged by tho floods until very Into on Saturday night, but tho embankmenton tbe Toowoomba side was wide. The rails and sleepers were hanging in mid-air, and any attempt to cross would simply have meant courting death. A large gang of men were brought down from Too woomba by Mr. Nicholson, Superintendent of Maintennnceof the S. and W. Railway, at day light on Saturday morning, but thny wero un able to do much on that day in consequence of tho rain and floods. A temporary pier, con sisting of squared sleepers laid crosswise and formiug what the men styled a "pigstyo," was erected under tbo swinging line, and on its completion the passengers in tho two special trains were able to cross over, Tbe , main street of Laid ley wb yesterday still under water, and in Mr. 6. Welsh's paddock the waters reached within a few 'yards of the house, On Friday night the watorB flowed into the Queensland Nntionnl Bank and several stores to a height of 3ft. or 4ft. It was fenred that several houses had bcon swept nwnj, bnt only one wns positively known of. Tho sufferer in that ease was a Mr. Clay, cabinet-maker, who IobI absolutely everything. Three young men named Hyde, Peacock, and Little swam about on Friday night in the darkness and rain, assisting people out of their houses. To their bravery it is probable that tho chil dren of Mr. Pnnton, inauager of the Q.N. Bank, and Miss Duncan, daughter of a store keeper, owe their lives. The ouly other serious damage done on the line wns at Gran- chaster, where the station yard wasoveiTun by a fierce flood that carried almost everything beforo it. The waters rushed down from tho paddocks on the Toowoomba side, and carried huge logs of timber which were lying the in yaids awaiting transit by rail to a great distance. Some of these were dashed against a number of ballast-waggons which were standing ot the end of the triangle ovciturniug them nnd breaking up two or three. A large stump, about 8ft, high and 5ft. in diameter, nndestimntdd to weigh over a ton, was carried by the floods over a fence n distauco of 1 chains, and it also was dashed against the ballast-trucks. A deep channel wns cut in the yard, and the rails and sleepers of the fork or triangle line were suspended for several yards. The undcr-earriages and wheels of every truck and van in thu yard were covered with drift grass and other debris. Tho accident to tbo line near Grandchcstcr are referred to elsewhere. At Calvert tho bridgo over Western Creek was filled up with great trees and other debris, and several smaller bridges were moro or less similarly situated. The Commissioner for Railways, with Mr, Darker and Mr. Evans (chief clerk in tho Traffic Department, nnd who hnd admirably filled the duties of traffic- manager in Mr, Tltnllon's abrenre), all of whom left Laidlcy by the special train which had conveyed t bo Prouiiur, thoroughly examined the lino all the way to HiulUern Crossing. Several approaches were more or less damaged nnd thu ballast washed away. The most distressful sight of all was tho farms at Rosewood, Acres of cul tivation were destroyed and probably several farmers arc ruined. Tho condition of the Sndlior's Crossing Bridgo was found not to bo as bad ns had been expected, but as somo of tlio brace9 wero broken, it wns deemed nd- visable not to take a train across. The official party walked over the briilge, pro ceeded by spocial train to Ipswich, arriving nt 2 25, and subsequently at 4 p.m, to Bris bane. Ipswich undor wntor was bad enough, but Redbank nnd Goodnn— in which only tho Asylum is high and dry— and. somo portions of Oxloy wero probably worse. From Ipsuich to Jndooroopilly the whole of the low lands nro under water from the overburdened rivers and creeks, nnd in sovcrni places the safety of the railway was moro or less imperilled. Taken nil through tho sights which it wns the lot of tho writer to witness between 0 a.m. nnd 5.30 p.m. yesterday are such ns ho will not forget for many a day. 