A Ghost Story. Apropos of a discussion on ghosts in the Pall Mall Budget, a correspondent of that journal sends the following story, which, however, he does not profess to have heard at first hand :—A Mr Butler, when a boy at Harrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they walked, they played together ; and in order still more solemnly to emphasize their friendship, they one day cut a hole each in the other's arm, and signed a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of hi6 decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each other. Their lives lay far apart; the friend went out to India, Mr Butler to college, and then to the English bar. An eager corres pondence was maintained at first, but as years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will. One wintry day, Mr Butler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and, cold as it was, determined to run down to that comfortable little inn, the Wheatsheaf (by Virginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlour, the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him. He got up presently, under pretence of relighting the pipe, and passed before the window to examine the face more closely. It reminded him of something, he knew not what, of some one. Yes, it suddenly flashed across his mind that was the face, not of the boy he had known 60 well, but of a man such as that boy might have grown into, such as he probably would be now (though Mr Butler had not seen him for years). Disturbed by this sudden re-awakening of old recollections, Mr Butler spoke to the landlord. " There's a man looking into the window," said he. " Im possible, sir," waB the reply. " That window only looks into the court, and. the gate of that was shut an hour ago." The face had disappeared : Mr Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest—a strange haunting sense of uneasiness "took possession of him once more he rose to his feet. " It ifi stifling in here," he said. " I must go out; 1 cannot breathe!" "You had better not, sir," said the landlord, as he opened the door : " there's a keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch your death of cold." Now, the Wheatsheai is close to the lake, and Mr Butler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night—and as he gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deepening into a sort of focus which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as the train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backward towards the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when suddenly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr Butler looked into his face, and, behold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before I And again, even as he looked, the lace had melted into air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror he staggered back into the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious inquiries said : " 1 am ill—evidently in a high state of fever—delirious. It won't do for me to be laid up here. I must get back to town as fast as I can." And, late as it was, he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found awaiting him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two days later, however, they were recalled to his recollection when, walking in Piccadilly, he saw, on the other side of the way, a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of his schoolboy friend. Mr Butler crossed over to him at once. " WTiat news ot Arthur ?" he inquired " Bad news," said the other, gravely. " Dead ?" said Mr Butler. A melan- choly shake of the head was the only reply. " Killed ? thrown out of a railway train?" continued he, excitedly. " Too true," returned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonish' ment. " But how on earth did you know ? We only received the telegram from India this morning !" MOST FELLOWS KNOW. — When Mr Jenkins went to his bed room at half-past I, it was with the determination of going to sleep, and with another determination that he would not be interviewed by Mrs Jenkins. So, as soon as be had entered the door and deposited his lamp upon the dresBing-table, he commenced bis speech " I locked the front door. I put the chain on. I pulled the key out a little bit. The dog :s inside. I put the kitten out. emptied the drip pan of the refrigerator, The cook took the silver to bed with her. 1 put a cane under the knob of the back hall door. I put the fastenings over the bath-room windows. The parlor fire has oal on. I put the coke-box back in the closet I did not drink all the milk. It is not going to rain. Nobody gave me any message for you. I mailed your letters as Boon as I got down town. Your mother did not call at the office. Nobody died that we are interested in. Did not bear of a marriage or engagement I was very busy at the office making out bills. I have hung my clothes over chair backs. I want a new egg for breakfast, I think that is all, and I will now put out the light." Mr JenkinB felt that he had hedged against all inquiry, and a triumphant smile was upon his face as he took bold of the gas-check, and sighted a line for the bed, when he was eartbquaked by a ringing laugh, and the query from Mrs Jenkins : " Why didn't you take off your Ut? M 