DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. ? (From our own Correspondent.) On Sunday last a missa cantata was celebrated by the Rev. Father Byrne, of Queensland. There was a very large congregation, as it had been bruited about that the Bishop of Hong Eong intended to make an appeal at the Mass. The choir rendered Haydn's Mass No. 2 with excellent effect, the principals being Miss Lucy Sexton (soprano), Miss White (alto), and Messrs. F. and M. Macoboy, the latter as basso. Mrs. Tamlyn presided ably at the organ. After the first Gospel the Bight Bev. Dr. Raimondi preached from the Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviii, 19-20: " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations; baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." His Lordship said that they were aware of the object of his visit: it was to aid his faithful flock in China. It was a pain to him to tear himself away from the dear Christians of his mission, but the necessity of obtaining for them help and assistance compelled him to leave them for a time. He had been kindly permitted to appeal to the congregation on their behalf. Recently a priest from All Hallows College received a generous response to his appeal from the Catholic people of this city. He (the Bishop) was aware of their generosity in the support of Catholic schools. In maintaining them they had a most worthy object in view— viz., the proper education of their children. Whatever they gave to his mission would bring down special graces and blessings on the donors, as it was a work solely devoted to the honour and glory of God, and was the outcome of disinterested charity. They were, no doubt, somewhat surpised at seeing in their midst a bishop from China. Indeed he thought when leaving his diocese he would never reach Australia. His poverty did not allow him to bring a priest with him but a zealous native student kindly expressed his desire to accompany him to Australia. They, of course, had many local wants to attend to and would receive their reward for those good works, but the appeal now made to them should affect their Christian c . , ruption were rampant. Wherever woman was not respected, domestic virtue and happiness were impossible. The custom ot deserting children, though disputed by some, exists to an alarming extent —•»• with these people. But, it may be asked, what has Christianity done for the Chinese ? In the first place, it has raised the status of woman to an equality with man—slavery gives way at its advance, and peace and happiness reign in the household. He would ask them to give for the sake of humanity. What were the words of our Lord Jesus Christ to his apostles, which were the subject of his text? "Go," said he, " teach all nations." There were special difficulties in effecting the conversion of these people. It was required that they be properly impressed with the majesty of the Catholic faith. In the space of a short time 300,000 native children were baptised, and 20,000 adults .were received into the Church. The leaders- of this nation taught the people not to receive the doctrines of Christ. From the fifteenth century men endowed with great faith, and of lion courage, devoted themselves to the noble work of converting this nation. If the man who discovers a new, land receives the applause of his fellows, in . what estimation should those noble souls who laidsdowS their lives for the salvation of souls be held ? The Right Rev. p reati, then referred to the successful laW* of the Franciscan Fathers in China wh he said, translated the gospel into tk' language of Tartary. The mandarin? , jealous - , of ... the ministers , , . of Jesus Chri^ vug, ; and especially of the influence which& ! lathers enjoyed at the courtof ! " ek H 1 >. r , aised n P/ storm of persec w, 1 i ch many devoted men gave lue,, hves for the faith. They required k P r , 0Vlde for the Tei 7 large number infants rescued from their unnatural P arents - The noble Sisters of Gharitr w e ' e a 8 reat ael P to the bishops, an'j took charge of those children who so, T,i y ed tne exposure to starvation and want The Chinese required that the ceremonies of our holy religion should be magnifi ? ently ce }* brat ! d before them in order fo impress them favourably in its reeari But, for this purpose, churches hak to built, and where was the money to come £ro m with so many demands their resources ? True, in America lar» 8 U . m ? had been raised for the Chinese mission, but much more was necessaryfo meet their instant wants. They were everywhere received generously by tie people, and he hoped the sane cordial feeling would be shown hita again. The Bishop concluded by an earnest appeal for help, and promiBej them a rich heavenly reward hereafter, In the evening at Vespers Bishop Bai. mondi again preached. The collection taken up during the day were satisfactory. The Christian Doctrine Society held their meeting on Sunday afternoon. Tie first Sunday of the month has now been appointed for their meeting. There was a large attendance of members, and the Rev. John J. O'Donnell presided. It was decided to hold a concert about the middle of June in aid of the library fund, and a meeting in furtherance of the concert was announced for Wednesday week. feelings in an especial manner. S t. Thomas Aqumas said that the work of converting souls is greater than that of creation. The Chinese are an independent race who, under the external appearanee of comfort and convenience, hide real inward corruption. Let them consider the position of women amongst them. She was the property of lwr husband. O ver her he exercised supreme control. Justice did not. obtain amongst them; bribery and cor- 