-THE LEGISLATIVE COUNOIL AND I —PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. i The Payment of Members Bill is havingr a bad time. .The public meetings being: ?held in the country are finding an echo in the petitions which are coming forward to the Legislative Council. When that branch of the Legislature was re formed to bring it more directly under popular influence, it un doubtedly acquired more power' as a legislative Chamber than it previously possessed. The very object of the reform was to make the Upper House rnore amenable to the country. And in the event of a difference arising between the two Chambers the Council will be able to plead that it is a representative body closely related to the constituencies. Thia consideration is of great importance at the present juncture. When the Council is called uponby publlcmeetings and petitions to amend a Bill received from the Lower House it is plain that the people in general look upon its members equally with the members of tbe Assembly as sent to Parliament to protect their interests. It is evidently also the opinion of the electors that there may be times when the Upper House more truly represents the popular feeling on a public question than the Assembly does. It is certain that that is the position at the present moment, aod it is this consideration which gives special interest and significance to its action with' regard to the Payment of Members Bill. In short, If the Council acts in accordance with the views expressed in public meetings and petitions it will not be a question just now of the Council steadfastly setting itself in opposition to public feeling, but of the Council endeavouring to give effect to the popular view as against the misrepresenta tion of the constituencies by the Assembly. We have written upon the assumption that the Council will seek to modify the Bill so as to make the pay ment apply only to future Parliaments. Of course that Chamber may reject the measure altogether, In which case its position will be materially weakened. But if it should pass the Bill with a suggested amendment of the nature we have in dicated it is difficult to see how the Assembly can hope to be victorious on an issue as to which it is plainly at variance with Its constituencies. The proceedings in the Council on Tuesday were looked forward to with considerable interest, and they justi fied expectation. Mr. Baker raised a ghost which will take some laying. Tha issue he brought before the Council is of great importance, and, we may add,, from an historical and constitutional point of view most interesting. The hon. member argues that the Payment of Members Bill cannot be proceeded with ? n the Council, because it is an amend ment of the Constitution of the nature contemplated by Section 34 of the Oon Btitution Act, and as such requires a special certificate which it has not, aud without which the Council is not com petent to proceed with it. The matter has been referred to the Pre sident for a .formal ' ruling,' which is to be given on Tuesday next, till which time further proceedings are stayed. Of' course the whole question depends upon - this. Is the payment of members an altera tion of the constitution of Parliament, or, as it may be put in another way, is an un paid Legislature a part or condition of th& constitution of the two Houses ? On this, which is by no means a question to be decided off - hand, opinions will differ. Naturally, the opinion which Sir Henry Ayers will give when the Council next meets will be awaited with some curiosity. We may take it for granted that the Govern ment have not regarded their Bill' as amending the Constitution, and if the Council take the stand that it is an. amendment in terms of Section 34, we suppose we may say the end iB not yet. We believe the point raised by Mr Baker has never been raised before; and', it is no wonder that the Chief Secretary was taken by surprise. It deals, of course, with the general Bubject of payment of* members, and does not depend npon the question whether the , Bill is made to apply to the present or to future Parlia ments. It iB understood that the general principle of the measure will be discussed on its merits. In the meantime it is only right when an important change like that provided for is in con templation that all the proper con stitutional safeguards should be main tained. It is to be regretted that - the discussion of the Bill should be delayed upon a question of order, but the require ments of the Constitution Act should be observed whatever may be the effect upon' 'the measure. For the present we prefer not to speculate as to the probable decision of the President upon the point raised by Mr. Baker, which involves a great deal more than at first sight appears. If it were simply .a question .of .the ?\ Bill coming from the- House of Assembly ^th the ^csrttBwjbo^^oi^ ' fli' 'Tbeuc^g- passed by an ibsoluiet. niajorSj^ thatis a l difficulty thai could ;ba remedied at once. : But this carries 'with: It tiie; ajBumpticoit ttat the measure ia one of those which «-? alters the Constitution Act that not only must the formality as to the cerfincate Be complied 'with, but the Bill 'must- be re served for Her Majesty's aasebi. Of conne, if the. Assembly concedes this it roll be tying its Bands in any future action with regard to the measure that may be deemed necessary. 'We may be sure that the^President of ihe Legislative Council will not come to a decision, without having considered the subject in. all its bear ings. 1° any event the indecent haste of tfce members of the Assembly to vote money into their own pockets has had the effect of arousing greater interest in the whole question than it would other wise have awakened. Thb Batlwat Mattagbmeht Bill.— The GoTemment are redeeming their promise that important Bills shall be kept under the notice of the House until they hare been disposed: of, and not postponed on every paltry pretext for delay that may be brought forward. The Chaffey Irrigation Bill was the viece de resistance last week, and this week the place of honour has been allotted: to the Baflway Management BQL On Tuesday the second reading -was carried after a long debate, and some sixty clauses were dealt with, in Com mittee. One of the points upon which a stand was made was as to whether the number of ConuniBsioners should be three or one. The Government remained firm to the provision of the BQI, bat agreed to allow. the number to remain at two so soon as one vacancy occurred. It is not easy to understand the rationale of this course. If two are sufficient next year they should be able to do the work this year, and a third most therefore be regarded as superfluous. Our own opinion is that there Bhould be one or three, and that if three are appointed that number should be retained, at all events unto, the seven years' experiment provided for in the Bill has been workedout. The proposal was made that the period of the experiment should be five years only, but the Committee wisely declined to assent to the reduced term. By the cast . ing vote of the Chairman it was decided to withdraw from the Chairman of the Board the power of overruling Ms col leagues in cases where his opinion differed from theirs. We believe the alteration to be a mistake. The really responsible person for the management of the lines must he the Chairman, who should not only be a man of large ex perience, but also of sound judgment and exceptional ability. It is important that he should have colleagues capable of rendering him valuable assistance, and advising Htti Jq all matters specialty within their knowledge, bat it will never do to introduce the principle of divided responsibility. It is satisfactory to find that the House are determined to make the Board a reality, and with that view to give it complete control over all the railway officers. If it ia worthy of confidence it shonld be entrusted with the manage meat of every detail of the department, and especially with the appointment, treatment, and removal of the «ffi«falii. The House Is to be complimented upon the business-like way in which it is applying itself to the discussion of the clauses of the Bill, and it is to be hoped that the measure will shortly become law. Tuesday's Pabliamekt. — On Tuesday, August 2, the Legislative Council Bomewhat disappointed those eager observers outside and within the House who had expected something sensational in their proceedings. It was understood that they would definitely deal with the Payment of Members Bill, bat &b; soon as the Chief Secretary had risen to move the second reading Mr. Baker inter posed with a point of order. In the coarse of an astutely conceived speech he urged that the BQI could not be proceeded with, because as it proposed an amend ment of the Parliamentary Constitution it was necessary according to the written and unwritten law of the House that it should bear a formal certificate from the Clerk of the Assembly— a certificate which did not appear upon it. At the end of a closely argued speech upon constitutional law, he urged that in the ordinary way the omission which he referred to should be supplied and that thereafter the principle of payment of members should be carefully deliberated by the House, He had no wish to defeat the BQI by a sidewind, but merely wished to maintain constitutional rights. The Chief Secretary, rising immediately after Mr. Baker, asked the House to allow a week's adjournment so that he might consult the Attorney-General. The House complied with his request, and on Tues day next the point of order will first be argued, the consideration of the Bill being taken immediately afterwards, unless the ruling of the President should necessitate its dropping from the Paper. The third reading of the Mintng Companies Bill was carried. It was decided upon the proposi tion of Dr. Campbell—' That greaterfacflitiea should be afforded for the carriage of live stock upon our railways.' The second read ing of the Chaffey Irrigation Bill was then fixed for August 10, and at half-past 4 the Council adjourned for a week. The Assembly sat till half-past 10. Mr. Fnmer gave notice for a fortnight here after of the motion 'That effect should be given to the recommendations of the Stores Commission,' and Mr. Holder, for the same date, of the introduction of a BQI providing for the destruction of the star thistle. The Treasurer half promised to make his Budget Speech on August 16 or 17. The Attorney General introduced a BQI to amend the Real Property Act by altering the provisions affecting plans relating to closed roads and reserves, and providing that the effioea of Registrar-General and solicitor may be amalgamated and held by one officer. The second reading was fixed for next day. The Chaffey Irrigation BQI passed its third reading, and the second reading of the Runway Commissioners Bill was carried after farther debate. For hours and thorns, however, the discussion was renewed in Committee. At least a hun dred speeches were made upon some of the vital points of the BQI— the number of Commissioners, the duration of then* offices, and their powers individually and collec tively.. The objections were to some extent met by compromise. The House declined to reduce the nonibex of Commissioners from three to one, or to limit the term from seven to five years, but words ware added to the effect that 'it shall not be necessary to supply any vacancy occurring in the number -of Commissioners so long as there shall be two.' By the casting-vote of the Chairman there was omitted the important provision of clause 15, enabling the Chairman of the Commissioners to override his brother officers. The schedule retaining the power to Parliament of dealing specially with the payment of the present heads of railway departments was struck oat, the abso lute superintendence of all the officers being thus left to the Bailway Board. The decision of the question whether the Commissioners chonld be a Supply and Tender Board was postponed for a full House. Minor amend znents were made, and members stopped till next day their consideration of the BQI for the time at half- past 10. Then the House rose. .. '? '?-';... i Tmt Railway Cosaassiosxss Bill. — A meeting of the members of the Indepen dent Party was held at Parliament House on Tuesday morning to consider the Bailway Commissioners BQL About ten gentlemen were present, and Mr. T. Bargoyne occupied the chair. It was decided after discussion to seek to modify the Bill ia several respects, one of which was that it should be optional with the Government whether they thoold .appoint three Commistioxien or one. :!Ltoa^:Ecixpsk.— The moon will be par tially, eclipsed to-morrow morning before day break. ' The' eclipse will be partly visible at Adelaide. First contact with the penumbra, 3h. 26m. a.m.j first con tact with the shadow, 4h. 50m. a.m.; middle of the eclipse, 6h. 3m, a.m.; Moon sets, 6h. 53m. a.m.; magnitude of the eclipse (Moon's diameter=l), 0'419. Telegraphic.— The following notice wa3 posted in the General Post-Office on Tues day afternoon :—' Land line (MoulmeinBan kok) and cable (Singapore-Saigon) both in terrupted; latter supposed by cable ship, which may repair it at any moment. Tele grams for Siam, Cochin-China, China, and Japan must be addressed po3t Singapore, without charge of tari£ Telegrams will also be cabled immediately repairs effected,1' Estbktaising Vjhctobs. — Mr. Thomas Hardy has called upon the Mayor of Ade laide and issued a most cordial invitation to any visitors who may be in the city from the neighbouring colonies to meet him at his vineyard, Bankstde, to-day. In accepting this invitation on behalf of the visitors to the city His Worship the Mayor will be pleased if those desirous of inspecting this well-known vineyard at Bankside will meet him in the Mayor's Parlour not later than 10.15 a.m., when he wQl arrange for their conveyance, -and also accompany them, in response to Mr. Hardy's invitation. Bank aide being only a short distance from the city the return of the part; may be arranged for at an early hour, say between 1 and 2 o'clock. . Thb Pastosal Boabd.— The members of the Pastoral Board, who ha ve so far examined and subdivided three-fourths of the 1888 leases, to-day resume their travels in con nection with the personal inspection of the country. Mr. C M. Bagot leaves by the early North train, Messrs. Goode and Miller joining it from, their homes oi route. Leaving Uno Station on the west of Port Augusta they wfll work westward towards Streaky Bay, and then on to Fowler's Bay, back through the lower portion of the Peninsula, returning to Port Augusta via Franklin Harbour. They hardly expect to return to Adelaide before ChriBtmas. PictubssqubAxlas of Australasia.— Mr. Julian H. Aahton, President of the Art Society of New South Wales, arrived from. Sydney on Tuesday to make a series of sketches in and around Adelaide for the Picturesque Atlas of Australasia. Fboxxchhg Local Mahttfacxubers.— On Tuesday afternoon, in the Assembly Mr. Mattinson presented the following, memorial signed by 2,390 persons :—' There are many things consumed ra the Government services which could be well made in South Australia at reasonable prices. At the present time there is considerable dearth, of employment, and many skilled workmen have from lack of work been driven out of the country, and many others wfll have to follow unless some remedy is provided. There are other things which could be made here besides those: to, which the industrial energies of the people have hitherto been directed, if ?continuous orders and a considerable quantity were given to local makers with a moderate bonus. We instance locomotives and the wheels of railway carriages. We pray you therefore to take speedy measures to ensure that everything required by the Government shall be purchased from local manufacturers if they Bnpply a fair quality at a moderate ad vance on British prices. And we also pray your honourable House to authorize the Government to take some large continuous contracts and to give auch bonuses as will enable new industries of importance to be started.' Tptr Shbabkbs' Uhiok. — On Tuesday afternoon twenty-five members of the Shearers' Union, who had been engaged through the Union and on the terms demanded, left by the North train for Chowilla. They were accompanied to the Adelaide Station by a large number of their friends, who cheered them on the train leaving. We learn from Mr. Ives, the Secretary to the Union, that in and about the city there are now about 500 shearers who have determined to stand by the Union, while* there are several hundreds of mem bers who will not come to town until the present difficulty is settled. On Wednes day evening a meeting will be held to allow of the squatters coming to an arrangement with the Union. Members of the organization are strongly averse to engaging through labour agents. Pour shearers — named J, Brennan, T. Cooley, M. CShea, and T. Irons— affirm that last season they paid Mr. W. R. Hunt 20a. each as engagement fee, and twenty others have come forward to sign a written docu ment to the same effect, Mr. Hunt has been invited to deny the authenticity of a letter bearing his name, in which a demand was made this season for a fee of 30s. each for two men. The men state that the Union has been rendered necessary if only on account of the extortionate fees charged by labour agents. Through the Union they will make their terms with the squatters direct, and no fees will be charged. At present the branch in South Australia is said to number 3,700 members. Every day the number is increasing, and the men are confident of success before long. The labour agents in town complain that they are being subjected to considerable abuse from the Unionists. Test Cbimiital Sittings. — The August seeaion of the Criminal Court was begun on Tuesday before Mr. Justice Boncaut and Juries. Herman Trueman, alias Touratne, pleaded guilty to a charge of horsestealing, and was sentenced to six years' hard labour. William James Bates, who did not deny having stolen a pair of boots at Port Ade laide, was ordered to be kept in prison for six months. The Crown Solicitor allowed George Potts to plead guilty to an attempt to commit an unnatural offence, and this obviated the necessity of going into the details. Prisoner was originally charged with having actually committed the offence. The remainder of the prisoners preferred to let their cases go to the Jury, and most of them were found guilty. James Smith, an old gaolbird, who tried to pick a pocket on North-terrace on the opening day of the Exhibition, but was foiled in the attempt, received a sentence of six months. The man Wflliam Thompson, who, arraigned under four names, was 'charged with having lobbed a Fremantle draper named M. J. Lynch of £28 at the Gresham Hotel on June 21, was after a patient hearing found guilty, and will pass the next five years of his life in the Stockade. Prisoner made a great mistake in bis cross-' examination of a Victorian constable, who in answer to a query informed the Jury that Thompson had been in Pentridge fot the last four years. The remark evidently greatly surprised the Jury and occupants of the galleries, who had to be smartly called to order. Catherine Rabbit was charged with having stolen a brooch and other property, but the evidence was not Btrong enough to convince the Jury that she had come by them feloniously, and they therefore gave her the benefit of the doubt. After Babbifs discharge His Honor, mentioned that there was a record of six teen convictions against her. A verdict of guQty was returned in the case of David Robertson, who up to the last asserted his innocence ot the charge of committing au indecent assault m a Port train on Mrs. E. A. Lindsay, the wife of a railway employe. Prisoner wfll be kept in gaol for two years ; but the experience will not be new to him, as he has been there before. The remainder of the cases on the calendar are down for hear ing to-day. ,-. . . Index of Public Acts.— We have re ceived a copy of an alphabetical index to public Acts in force, or partly in force, Dre pared by Mr. G. W. IX Beresford. The list, which, the public will be able to purchase for a moderate sum, wfll prove of great service in tracing the connection between different Acts, especially where in the absence of con solidating measures the law on subjects is found scattered in a bewildering fashion through various Statute-books. The Govern ment, who made an arrangement for the pre paration of an elaborate index as well as this, are to be complimented upon the provision for the general good as well aa the way in which it has been so far carried out. The index, though not of a painfully elaborate character, appears to be very com plete and there are very few cross references. All Bills in operation, including some the operation of which at present is doubtful, seem to be carefully classified. In addition ; there is jan alphabetical list of private Acts, which is of no mean value to those in terested. FUSERAL OF THE LaTE.MbS. J. J. SlMP sos.— On Tuesday afternoon the remains of the late Mrs. J. J. Simpson were interred in the Woodville Cetietery. Before the pro cession left for the aeraetery a short service was held in the Port Presbyterian Church. The funeral WS3 largely attended by promi nent gentlemen of Port Adelaide, the de ceased lady beins; a daughter of the late Captain Grierson, formerly well known in shipping circles. The Rev. J. H. Angus officiated. Daring the day many flags on ships and offices were at half-mast, Thb South Austbalia-~ Rueies. — The following letter appeared in the Argus of August 1: — 'Sir— Having seen a telegram from Adelaide in your Thursday's issue in re lation to valuable so-called rubies, I beg to state that numerous enquiries have been made by me in reference thereto, and that several have been seen and cut by me, and that I have not found a true ruby in the lot ; they are simply gamete?. Strangely the large ?ruby' mentioned was not shown to me; possibly it waa not considered advisable to submit it to a true practical test. — Yours, &c;, Hesby Sfiks, Lauidary, SO, Little flinders-street east, July SO.' Uhion Pabliahent.— A vacancy having arisen kin the Union Parliament, caused by the resignation of Mr. Stuart (member for the Stnrt), the Gleaelg Literary Society have elected Mr. W. C. Hooper to represent their interest. Metsopoutan Lxedestafkl.— Mr. T. J. Connor, Hon. Secretary of the Metropolitan Iiedertafel, Melbourne, has arrived in Ade laide for the purpose of arranging for the visit of this Society. The representatives to the number of seventy trained singers will be here on the 17th, and give a concert in the Town Hall and two performances in the Ex hibition. The Metropolitan Liedertafel con sists entirely of gentlemen, and waa estab lished in 1870. From a dozen members it has grown into a choir of about 100 trained singers. Mr. Julius Herz is the conductor, and during the period named 116 concerts have been given. The Society has about 700 subscribers, who pay an annual sub scription of two guineas, and it has always held a leading position. The So ciety's: repertoire is very extensive, and between 800 and 900 distinct part songs and other workB have been produced. Among others may be named parts of 'Lohengrin,17 'Tannhauser' (Wagner), 'Huguenots' (Meyerbeer), and 'Damnation of Faust' (Berlioz), and 'CEdipus' and 'Antigone' (Mendelssohn). The latter work was pro duced with the aid of Miss Genevieve Ward in a complete form, and realized the unprecedented sum of £2,500 for a single entertainment in aid of the Women's Hospital. The Society was mainly instrumental in fulfilling the conditions necessary to claim the munificent gift of £20,000 offered by the Hon. F. Ormond for the establishment of a Chair of Music in the University of Melbourne. On two occasions they have been specially invited to Govern ment House, and they are noted for the hospitality extended to visitors of distinction to Victoria, At one concert given in the Melbourne Exhibition in honour of the Royal Princes between 5,000 and 6,000 ladies and gentlemen were present. The Society has always secured the services of the leading artists visiting Melbourne, and their programmes have included the names of Camilla Urso, Jenny Claus, Wilhelmj, Remenyi, Patti, De Munck, Kruse, members of the various Italian Opera Companies, besides all local artists of repute. Since the initiation of the Metropolitan Liedertafel they have spent nearly £25,000 in'the cause of music, and by the employment of the beat available orchestras have done a great deal to educate and elevate the musical taste of Mel bourne. A few years back the Society received an invitation to visit Sydney, and the advent of the Society there greaty assisted in the establishment of the Sydney Liedertafel, now a prosperous Society. Thb Peake Watee Supply.— Messrs. E. W. Hawker, M.P., and J. J. Duncan, M.P., introduced to the .Commissioner of Crown LandB on Monday, Messrs. Young, Reinecke, and Oldham, who presented a memorial from eighty residents in Blyth, Hall, and the ad joining hundreds, in favour of extending the Peake water supply to a point further west than was now contemplated. The Commis sioner promised to enquire into the matter, and send a reply to Mr. Hawker. Thb Gawieb Jubilee Celebratioh. — The demonstration to be held on the Gawler Park Lands on Friday next in honour of the Queen's Jubilee, and also of the jubilee of the colony, promises to be a very successful affair. The matter is being taken up with spirit by the residents, and the arrangements are in a forward Btate, The proaession will consist of the volunteers, Friendly Societies, Gawler public and private schools, ten country schools, the Town Council, the local bicycle club, and six bauds of music. The children will all be provided with refreshments, and there will be a free feed to all who like to partake of it. His Excellency the Governor has signified hia intention of being present, also Sir John Downer, and it is expected that some members of the Ministry and the Mayor of Adelaide, with other gentlemen, will attend. Sports will be provided in the afternoon, and at night there will be a big bonfire and rockets. His Excellency and the other viators will be the guests of the May or'( Son. James Martin, M.L.C ). A special train will leave Adelaide at 9.50 for any who may wiah to attend. The Intercolonial Rifle Contest.— The Executive Committee of the S. A.N.R.A. met at Captain Dean's office on Tuesday evening and selected thirty riflemen to compete for places in the team to represent the colony in the intercolonial matches to be fired on August 22. The names were picked from the scores made during the competition on the previous four Saturdays, at which the shooting throughout was excellent, averaging over inners. The thirty names are : — Captains Roberts, Dean, Drysdale, Caatine, Addison, Heaney, and Weaton, Lieutenants Hipwell, Robertson, Darling, Tolley, Plant, and Bews, Sergeant - Major Esselhach, Musketry-InBsructor Preston, Colour-Ser- geants Hargrave and Bailey, Sergents Arnold, Laskey, and Marshall, Corporals Lin- deloff and Jackman, Lance-Corporal Kelley, Privates Summerton, Webster, Brock, Methe- rell, Medlin, Ebers, Wake, and Marsson. These men will compete on Saturday next, August 6, at the Port Ranges at the inter colonial match distances— 300, 500, and 600 yards, fifteen shots at each range, two sighters. The Executive Committee will then select twenty men, who will finally compete at the Port Adelaide Range on Satur- day, August 20. The final team and emer- gency men will be selected on the ground after the competition on the 20th inst. The ammunition for the last competition will be found free. The thirty names represent every, district in the colony, from Mount Gambler to Port Augusta, and are thoroughly representative. The total number of scores sent in for selection was eighty. Home fob. Iscueaeles — The monthly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Home for Incurables was held on Thursday at the Church Office, Dr. Wylde in the chair. Mies Mary Field wrote from England for warding £25 as a thank- offering for benefits received by her brother, who died in the Home. Mr. J. Darlbg waa elected a member of committee. Warrant No. 96 for £155 6a. 5d. was passed for payment. Four applica tions for admission, approved by the Medical Committee, were granted, to take their turn. This makes six applicants waiting. There are no vacancies. Lectuke on ' Woman.'— On Monday evening; August 2, Mr. P. McGlynn, M.P., lectured at the Gawler Institute, in aid of the Institute funds, on the subject; of ' Woman.' Mr. E. Potter, YicePresident, occupied the chair, and in introducing the lecturer congratulated him on being returned to the House of Assembly, and said same of his recent utterances deserved more atten tion than they appeared to get. Still he hoped Mr. Glynn would rise superior to what, for a better term, he must call the corrupting influences of Parliament. The lecturer paid a high tribute to the worth of a true woman, and in the course of his remarks said it was not whether woman should go into competition with man in all his. busi nesses, but whether her choice should be regulated by' law or not.' Perfect freedom of choice as to her destiny wa3 the right rule, and it was man's tyranny, noi hte wis dom, that withheld it from her. The lecturer's remarks on tlie dntie3 of women to tha oat casta were veiy fine. Mr. S B Radall, ia proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Glynn, t'nonght when he had changed hi3 lonely life to the opposite side he might come anJ give them a further lecture, so that they might compare notes. (Liughter.) The vote was carried by acclamation, and Mr. Glynn, in returning thanks, said if he did go intD that state referred to by Mr. Rudall he would not promise to lecture, as he understood that after marriage the lectures generally came from the other side. (Laughter.) A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceed ings. The attendance waa not large. Bowden BurLDiSG Societi.— The half yearly meeting of the Bowden Economic Land, Loan, Building, and Investment Society waa held on Tuesday evening at the Society's office, Bowden ; Mr. K. Lang maa in the chair. Messrs. W. Johns and W. Parfit were elected Directors for the ensuing twelve months, and Messre. W. S. Mitton and A. H. Emerv Auditors. Commercial Rowing Club.— The fourth annual evening and fancy-dress ball in con nection with this club took place in the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening. About eighty couples were present, and the varied fancy dresses of the ladies and gentlemen, contrasting agreeably with the quiet evening dresa which most of the gentlemen wore, made a picturesque and interesting spec tacle. Dancing was begun at about 8 o'clock. Amongst the fancy dresses could be noticed characters from the operas of Patience, Mascotte, Falka, and the Bohemian Girl. A peasant girl and Swiss girl were observed, ?while the naval and military forces were also represented. The programme, which had been got up in a tastefal style with the club colours on one side, contained twenty four dances. When the programme was half through refreshments were provided, and then dancing was resumed until an early hour this morning. A Teamway Employes Usios, — At a representative meeting of tramway employes held at the Kensington Hotel on Tuesday evening, it was decided to form a Union for the mutual benefit of workers on the tram ways, and a committee was appointed to draw up a code of rnles. Several members of Parliament wrote expressing their sym pathy with the movement, and the leaders of central trades organizations attended to give advice and offer assistance. It was stated that 181 men employed on the various city and suburban lines had already signified their desire to join the Union, the chief objects of which will be to secure a shortening of the hours of labour and benefit in case of sickness. West Torres s Political Association.— A meeting of the West Torrena Political Association was held in the Hindmarsh In stitute on Tuesday evening ; Mr. T. H. Biooker in the chair. The debate on a State Bank was concluded, and Mr. T. Hourigan read a paper on ' Home Rule for Ireland,'1 the question being treated in a comprehen sive manner. The subject was debated, Messrs. Carr, Laurence, Palmer, Shearing, and White, and Father Jorgensen taking part. The general tenor of the arguments was in favour of Home Rule being granted to Ireland. New South Wales Mdtistebs at Siltkb tos;— The Aryus of Monday publishes a tele gram respecting the New South Wales Ministers at Silverton having special refe rence to the rabbit peat. It says that Mr. Wade has recommended Mr. Abigail, the Minister of Mines, to have used for the destruction 'of rabbitB bisulphide of carbon, to be placed in the burrows, which are to be marked in a systematic manner. This, according to Mr. Wade, could be done by men or boys being sent out with dogs to hunt the rabbits into the burrows, which would ba marked at the same time with, a small flag or some other visible indication of the existence of the rodents. This should be immediately followed up by au applica tion of the poison and a close observa tion of the result Mr. Wade Is convinced that this system of destruction has not onlv the merit of efficacv. but that from an economical point of view it is preferable to that now being pursued. The question of the erection of a Border rabbit-proof fence was also discussed, it being asserted that there was a regular influx of rabbits from South Australia. Opinions were expressed that a satisfactory arrangement ought to be made with the Government of the sister colony. The rabbits cross in millions from South Australia all along the boundary-line, and many .bitter complaints are made by the runholders of the expense to which they are put in order to clear their properties, while nothing what ever is being done by the Government of that colony to prevent the spread of the pest. The pastoralists of the Western District contend that they ought not to be required to destroy foreign rabbits in addition to their own. Thb Fbahklut and Phabos Collhios.— The Pilot Board on Saturday (says the Argus of August 1) concluded its enquiry into the cause of the collision between the Franklin and Pharos near the mouth of the Yarra on July 14. It will be remembered that the Franklin, which waa inward bound from Adelaide with cargo and passengers, struck the Phar03 while the latter was in her proper course and sunk her. The question for the adjudication of the Board was whether the casualty was due to carelessness or defective navigation on either Bide. As to details regarding speed and position there was some conflict of evidence. It was clearly established that the Franklin had shied off the eastern bank, and but for this the collision would not have occurred. It was not proved, however, that the shy had been ths result of either too great speed or of careless navigation in going too near the eastern aide. Pilot Paxfcon, who was in charge of the Franklin, could only account for it by supposing that the bank at that particular point had bulged out. The decision of the Board was that the collision was the result of accident*, and that no blame attached to either Pilot Paxton or the master of the Pharos. Bishop Baeey on the Colonies.— It has already been mentioned that Bishop Barry denied the accuracy of the cable message attributing severe strictures on colonial mocab, his references on the subject having been misnnderBtood. To the representative of the Sydney Daily Telegraph he explained that, for instance, it was made to appear that in dealing with the three evils of colonial life — drunkenness, sensuality, and larrikinism — he had instituted an unfavour able comparison between the morals of Aus tralia and England. This, however, wa3 not true. He was aware of the excitement that had been caused by thi3 error, and he mnch regretted that his friends here should have been led to suppose that he had taken such an unmanly course aa to make state ments of the kind during bis absence from Australia. Had he wished to make such accusations as were reported he would have done so face to face with those con cerned, and not behind their backs. He had not said that drunkenness was more prevalent in New South Wales than in the old country — on that point he would not venture to express an opinion, as he had not the means of judging— but that the drink bill in this colony showed a higher figure par head of the population than did that of Eng land. That circumstance might, of coarse, arise from the excessive price of drink here, and not from a larger consumption. He had not made the remark that this failing was more prevalent in the higher grades of society on his own authority, but stated that so he had been informed ; even then he was not referring to absolute drunkenness, but to that custom, in society of taking more stimulant than was necessary. On the subject of sensuality he could not, of course, enlarge before an audience composed largely of ladies. He was quite prepared, however, to affirm its prevalence in Australia, which he thought no observant person wonld dispnte. There were no doubt certain greater temptations here than in England. The chief of these arose, as he stated in his lecture, although not reported, correctly, from the climate, the large amount of; open-air : life consequent thereupon,' and the ; fuller diet ' in vogue here, especially in regard to the indulgence in meat. By the lawlessness which he spoke of as the third great evil he. meant what was termed in Australian parlance 'larfikinism.' The fault was one which attached itself more to society aa it be came more democratic and freer from the various conventional restraints. He attri buted it principally to a want of home disci pline and proper parental control. Too much liberty was, he thought, accorded the young people to admit of their developing the qnality of steadiness in a sufficiently large degree. But in speakiDg of thia lawlessness or larrikinism, he meant it to apply more to individual instances that had been led to suppose. He would not have it for a moment thought that he intended to impugn the Aus tralians as a people for anything approaching rowdyism. Indeed, he could say that an Australian crowd was one of the best behaved in the world, especially when it was considered that the Police Force here was, comparatively speaking, very small. The Eael and Covxtess of Aberdeen.— From the San Francisco papers, it appears that Lord and Lady Aberdeen, on their arrival from Australia en route to England, underwent a thorough and exhaustive inter viewing. They had very much the sime replies to make in answer to the addresses that they made here, and the speeches con tain no novelties, His Lordship wisely excus ing himself on the ground that he had been a month at sea, and did not know what had been doing. The travellers received ' a High land welcome' from the members of the Caledonian Club, led by ' Chief McLeod/ and they were ' charioteered' in ' a rock away' to all the show places of the city and suburbs by Mr. T. D. McKay, the well known agent of the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Railway, who afterwards sent them throngn to New York over his route ' in fine style.' A correspondent who recently left Melbourne for London {adds the Argus), via San Francisco, writes describing the excel lent arrangements which are made for. Aus tralian travellers by Mr. McKay, whose visit to these colonies not long ago for the pur pose of studying Australian requirements is now turned to the best advantage. A large contingent of tourists who went hence by the Alameda were taken charge of by him. Annexing Fiji to New Zealand.— The S.M. Herald's correspondent, writing from Suva on July 20, says : — ' Commezcial matters'are of sombre tint. Business 13 all but suspended, since cash is an almost un known quantity, and credit is well nigh ex hausted. The people are hopelessly de spondent of any improvement while the present system of government continues, and the spirit of intense dissatisfaction i3 manifesting itself in the discussion of any and every project which promises the faintest chance of escape from present difficulties. At the last meeting of the Suva Town Board Mr. A. McGregor, late Warden, described himself as one who had always given a strong, steady, and consistent support to the Government. Bat even as its thick and thin supporter ha was reluctantly compelled to own that his eyes had been opened, and to admit that there was no earthly hope of the system of government being so simDlified as to allow the colonists to live and prosper under it. He denounced the system as a miserable farce, to which the curse of God had seemed to cling, and he proposed that the Warden be requested to call a public meeting to petition the Queen to permit of annexation to New Zealand, or to let the colonists elect their own members to the Legislative Council. The proposition was overruled sb being out of plaoe in connection with Board proceedings ; but the general feeling of sympathy with it is so strong that it will have its outcome outside the Board. There is no special leaning towards New Zealand, and any helping hand held out would be grasped with almost despairing energy.' Feeding the Destitute in Melbottbne.— The Salvation Army is nothing if not practical (sayB the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Monday). On Saturday night its chief, Colonel Barker, entertained some guests at the Collingwood Barracks. Between 600 and 700 responded to the invitation, and the gathering was as motley a one as it is possible to describe. To call them poor fails to give an idea of what they really were. Absolutely destitute is much more applicable, for such indeed they really wero. Men, women, youths, children, and babies filled the hall. Some'of them had been living in such a way that they scarcely themselves knew how, three-fourths were homeless, and nearly all had insufficient clothing. It iB surprising how news of a free tea spreads amongst the poor, for the crowd on Saturday night was drawn from all parts— Collingwood, Fitzroy, Carlton, Hotham, South Melbourne, and half a dozen other places. Half a dozen long tables were laid along the hall, and each was covered with an abundance of substantial food. It did not take long to fill them, for as soon as the signal was given tfcere was a ruah for seats, and a detachment of officers of the Army took care that every body was well supplied. Still there were quite as many waiting, and aa soon as the first batch had concluded their feaat these were accommodated. It was a strange sight. After the tea a meeting was held and ad dresses of a practical nature were given, all present entering heartily into the spirit of the movement, and at the conclusion joints of meat, such as ribs and rounds of beef, legs of mutton and lamb, besides loaves of bread tea and sugar, were distributed amongst those who had families ; and, not content with doing this much, babies were given frocks, boys presented with knickerbockers, women and girls with dresses, and men with whole suits of clothing. Everybody was Bent away satisfied, and the proceedings ter minated with cheers for Colonel and Mrs. Barker and those who assisted in the move ment. Affaibs in Tonga.— The Nukualofa cor respondent of the Fiji Times writes on June 26: — ''It was generally believed, while H.M.S. Diamond was here, that the Tongan Government had proposed to the High Com missioner to make overtures on their behalf to the Wealeyans of Australia, prefatory to reconciliation. Their latest act, however, shows that the general public here were most grievously mistaken, for a few evenings back some hundreds of the natives appeared on the little square in front of the Rev. J. E. Moul ton's residence, and commenced the erectionof another Free Church— a totally unnecessary proceeding, as it is the third in this little township and out of pure vulgar vindictive neES is being erected directly outside Mr. Moulton's garden fence. The whole town re sounded for several hours with the howling and yelling of the natives, which they evi dently kept up for the purpose of annoying Mr. Moulton and bis family. After this the Australian Wesleyan body will surely never hold out the hand of fellowship and reconciliation to the Frea Church of Tonga, for this last action of Messrs, Baker and Watkins can only be in tended as an open and flagrant insult to their local representative here. There is still much covert persecution going on against the Wesleyan body, but they appear to flourish under misfortune, and now number nearly 1,500 adherents again. Sir Charles Mitchell must surely now feel that the promises made him by the Tongan Govern ment have not been kept. Several Wesleyan ministers have been prosecuted and sen tenced to imprisonment, though nothing was in any way proved against them by the miserable bully who acts aa Mr. Baker's Magistrate. But one need not enter into ex planations over the way Tongan law is con ducted, for the world still rings with the infamy of their late proceedings. Trade is still in a bad condition, with little hope of permanent amendment until a final cessation has been put to the present unsettled state of affairs. One large firm has lately closed business, and possibly more may follow shortly. Fines, fees, taxes, and licences wring overy dollar from the wretched native, and even more than this, for eventually, but nevertheless certainly, they deprive hire of clothes, house hold possessions, land, and finally house itself. When he has at last nothing further to be taken, then this beneficent Government pats him in gaol, and so he once more has a home. H.M.S. Rapid is expected tera from Sydney, via Suva, with the High Commis sioner, in July ; and we sincerely trust His Excellency will then 'effeotra' lasting settle-' ment of the~T6ngarirquesti6n, and 'compel' this Government of tattered; ahredB and patches to give religions freedom to the Wes-? ley an Church, which he waa only able to obtain an unful611ed promise of from Tonga's ? Premier when last tere. A Hawaiian man- of-war, the Tainlod, is at Apia, and is to come on here. The German corvette Adler baa left ApTa.' The Vavaa correspondent of the Bame journal writes ; ' The Rev. W. Crosby has a hard time of it here. The Wesleyana are kept in terror, and consequently, although, desirous, are pre vented from joiniDg their Church. The per secution has again been recommenced in an acute form, and unless trampled under foot by power superior to that of the Tongan Government will, aa bsfore, speedily become chronic. Jione Latu, a Wesleyan minister, waa summoned to the Police Court charged with a breach of the Postal Act. The Magistrate called no prosecutor to state the case, not one witness was called, and the Magistrate refusing to admit the white evidence in defence, absolutely took the whole of the case into his own hands* Using rough language to the defendant he said, ' You did eo and so and so and so, and yon are fined $200 and 67 expenses cf the Court.'' A Terrible Situation.— A remarkable escape from a terrible accident took place on Wednesday (saya the Argus of August 1) at the building of the Federal Coffee Palace, Collins- Btreet weat. One of the plasterers engaged on the topmost scaffold but one, at a height of about 70 feet from the ground, stumbled and fell over the edge, bit his foot fortunately' caught in the scaffolding, and he was suspended head downwards. The con sternation amongst these who witnessed the incident was very great. TheSman was rescued from his perilous position by his boy assistant. The youth saw that it would be useless to attempt. to lift the ^', so he swayed him from side to side until he raised him to the scaffold again. The imminent danger in which he had. been had rendered the man quite powerless, and he staggered into the building and lay down until he was composed enough to proceed with his work. Atjstbalia and AirsBiCA.— Oar (Argus) San Francisco correspondent writes aa follows with regard to mail arrangements between Australia and America: — 'It is probable that in the near future the present con. tractors (J. D. Spreckles & Co.) for carry ing the mails to and from Auckland and Sydney and the United States, and also the English mail matter in transit, will have to compete with the Canadian Pacific for that privilege. Thia Company, which is reaching out in every direction for business on the Pacific, has made a bid for the work, offering to run steamers and connecting trains at such a rate of speed that the English mails will reach their destination in thirty days, a reduction of forty-eight hours in the time made by the Sprecklea* steamers, the owners of which have, in con sequence, been stirred up to seek arrange ments with the Railroad Companies by which quicker time across the continent can be made. They even propose to drop the mails at San Diego, down the coast, to ba forwarded east by way of the San Francisco and Atchin son, Topeka, and Santa Fe lines. By this means it is estimated that at least twenty four hoars in the through iims can be saved. The probability of a change in the stopping place of the New Zealand mail steamers is not good news to the railroad agents in San Francisco, some of whom derive a very good income from the British tourist travellers. However, aa far as the whole matter ia con cerned there can be no question of a change of any kind until the expiration of the present contract, a year from next No vember.' Akbest of Maoris in New Zealand.— With respect to the arrest of a number of fanatical Maoris in New Zealand, of which we had news by telegraph, the Dunedin cor respondent of the Argus forwards the fol lowing particulars: — 'For some time past the vagaries cf a band of natives in the Hokiaaga district, Auckland, have been a source of uneasiness to the settlers. They were followers of a prophetess who died recently, and their fanaticism approached very closely to Hauhauism, one of their rites being the burning of the dead. They were also in the habit of pretending to offer sacri fices of live victims, and in the case of two old women it is said that thev were bnrned alive. They recently captured a lad from a neighbouring tribe, and he was bound to the stake, where it is believed he wonld have been sacrificed but for the interference of hia friends. Com plaints have been made by other tribes, but as there was no actual evidence it was difficult to interfere. The fanatics, how ever, went so far as to illtreat a settler named Hearn, whom they stripped and otherwise illused. He laid an information against them, and warrants were taken out for their arrest. Under the directions cf the Resident Magistrate, Mr. BiBhop, Inspector Govern, with a party of eight men belong ing to the armed constabulary, two native^ and eleven civilians, proceeded to make the arrest. They timed themselves to arrive at the pah early in the morning, but the Maoris were astir. The warrants were read, and the accused persons were told they mnst go quietly. The fanatics at once defied the party, and rushed on them with axes, tomahawks, and sticks, when a general scuffle ensued, in which the women were, if any thing, worse than men. While the police were handcuffing some the others attacked them with the axes and tomahawks, and the constables found it necessary to fire four shots from their revolvers. One of these wounded a native named Ereurea Ripana, but they are not serious. At last, after a good deal of struggling, fourteen men and nineteen women were handcuffed and re moved to Kuwene, where the magisterial in vestigation will take place. If the prisoners are committed for trial they will be removed to Auckland. On the side of the police Con stables Hughes and Moore were wounded on the head and shoulder respectively, but only slightly. Inspector Govern had a narrow escape, his tunic being cut by a blow from an axe which a constable warded off. Besides Rapana four other natives were wounded. A sister of the lato prophetess also received a scalp wound. It is believed the lesson will have a Balntary effect.' Rtvkb Levels.— The following figures show the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations above summer level at 9 o'clock on Tuesday morning :— Murray — Albury, 11 ft. 9 in.; Wahgunyah, 15 ft. 9 in.; lichuca, 27 feefcj Swanhill. VI ft 3 in.; Euston, 15 ft. 4 in.; Overland Corner, 11 ft. 6 in.; Morgan, 12 ft. 4 in. Murrumbidgee— Gnndagai, 12 ft. 6 in. ; Wagga Wagga, 13 feet ; Hay, 14 ft. 6 in.; Bal ranald, 15 ft. 10 in. Darling— Bourke, 22 ft. 9 in.; Louth, 17 feet; TUpa, 21 ft. 9 in.; WilcaDnia. 18ft. % in.; Menindie, 15 it. 7 in.; Wentworth,14ft. 7 in.; Pooncarie, 14 ft 11 in. Namoi and Barwon — Namoi, 28 ft. 10 in.: Barwon at Walgett, 30 ft. ; Brewarrina, 17 feet ; Mungundi, 14 feet ; Mogxl5 15 feet. The Baxkebs' Institute of Ausesalasia. — To correct any wrong impression we are asked to etate that members of the Institute holding an M.A. or any higher University degree, or having been ten years in ths service of a Bank, may be granted the parch ment diploma and title of Associate by Council without examination, provided appli cation be made before November 1 next, after which date successful examination will alone qualify for this degree. Philhaemonic Society. — Thia Society will give its last subscription concert for this year in the Town Hall this evening. The works tc be performed are 'The Erl King's Daughter' and ' The Hymn of Praise.' The concert will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. The principal vocalists are Miss Beesis Royal, Mrs. Jenkins, Miss Hack, Mr. Oelmann, and Herr Hugo Fischer. The Pastoeal Boaed's Annual Repost. — TVe have been asked by Mr. C &L; Basofc to moke the following correction in the official list of leaseB, &c; , appended ta the Pastoral Board's annual report:— The area of Mun dowdna, E. Russell, should be 249 instead of 685 square miles. HlNDHABSH BOAKD OF ADVICE. — The monthly meeting of the Hindmarsh School Board took place on Tuesday evening. The result of the annual examination of the Hindmaiah School was laid upon the table. It showed that the boys averaged 79'43, girls 77*75, infants 80 12. 1 eos clad East Reef. Tubtulpa. — A. meeting for the purpose of forming a Syndi cate to work twelve claims on this reef will be held to-night at Melvin Chambers. 