The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1887. The export of fruit is one of the most recent of our industries. As yet it cannot be said that it has attained much im-<*> portance, but at all events the experi- mental stage of the business is part. The first attempts to provide consumers in England with Australian fruit were not encouraging, Inasmuch as bad packing frequently rendered the fruit unsaleable on it? arrival. Bat when once it had been proved that fruit in a perfectly fresh state could be carried to the old coun try a great point was gained. The defects in the packing arrangements were carefully noted and in a short time remedied, eo that now the chief mechanical difficulties connected with the trade have been overcome. If the freight and other expenses can be kept within fair limits there is no reason why the traffic in exported fruit should not attain enormous dimeo?ions. The thorough establishment of such an industry, it has been contended, cannot but serve the cause of both commerce and patriotism. At present most of the fruit consumed in England is supplied by foreign countries. In a paper read before the Royal Colonial Institute last month Mr. D. Morris, the assistant director of Eew Gardens, London, shorn that the British dominions embrace a fruit climate "as extensive as (he world itself." WithinHhe limits of the fimplre upon which the sun never sets is grown Whatever Earth, all-bearing mother, yields. Bough or smooth rind, or bearded husk or aheU. Yet in spite of the productive'wealth of her possessions beyond sea jSngland is still depending upon foreign-grown fruit. The raw and preserved fruit imported into England every year reaches a value of eight millions. Surely a share in such a market as this is worth striving for! Of almonds alone England imported from foreign countries last year the worth of £254,524. The imports from British possessions were represented by £91. When it is considered that almond trees grow almost wild in many parts of this colony, that they are used as fences with a reckless disregard of what becomes of the produce, and finally that the nuts can be packed with little trouble and are less costly to ship than the more perishable fruits, the negligence to take advantage of such a market is inexplicable. Still more surprising is the difference shown between the value of currants imported from abroad and that of the imports from British possessions. In the one cue the sum amounted to £1,458,182, In the other—to£l! (a such fruits as figs, plums,. prunes, and raisins, the disparity is also absurdly great. A better trade is done in oranges and lemons, and in dried and preserved fruit. The total value of the colonial exports of these amounted last year to £77,57U. Apples constitute the only fruit in the xport of which much progress has been made. Last year out of £717,031 which represented the quan tity consumed in England, £93,712 worth was imported from British possessions. The estimation in which the apples sent from this colony to the Colonial Exhibition were held ought to render the export of the same class of fruit a safe and profitable enterprise. The supply may be limited, but there can be no restriction upon the demand. Mr. Morris refers with approval to the action of the Royal Agricultural Society of South Australia to secure for the three months ending April 30 a cool chamber in each fort nightly steamer for the conveyance of fruit It is a pity that the attempt to establish a system by which periodical shipments of fruit could be sent to Eng land has fallen through hi consequence of the inability of the society to guarantee on behalf of fruitgrowers the occupancy of a certain extent of cargo space in the cool chambers of the Orient liners. On the theory'that " each Australian colony, by virtue of its geographical position, its climate and soil, and the tastes and habits of its people, is enabled to take up its own special branch of fruit industry," Air. Morris assigns grapes and apples to South Australia as the fruits in the cultivation of which we excel. He admits, however, the fine quality of our pears, and allows that we run New South Wales closely in respect to oranges. The facts he quotes as to the possibilities of the market for colonial fruits are cer tainly incentives to perseverance in the export trade ; but fruit growers we think will rather look to the state of the market than to the "bond of mutual sympathy and support which binds together every portion of the Empire," and which Mr. Morris thinks would if no other ground existed induce the English people to patronise fruits from the colonies. Englishmen may entertain the kindliest feelings for their fellow-subjects across the sea, but no amount of patriotism will Induce them to buy oranges they do not want. Even if consumers were so disposed the English dealers would naturally decline to continue the sale of Australian fruit if the business did not yield a profit Still there can be no doubt that as Mr. Morris says much can be done by persons Interested in the colonies in securing for them a fair field for their enterprise. The greater expense of the carriage of the fruit no doubt places Australian growers at a disadvantage when compe ting with the growers in countries at a less distance from the market. The higher cost of labor is another consideration. Portugal and Spain can flood England with oranges even though the fruit may be of no better quality than that grown in the southern hemisphere. But as Mr. Morris points out, the aim of producers here should be to regulate the dispatch of fruit so that it may reach the home market when the season precludes the pos sibility of competition. Mr. Morris speaks of the powerful agencies which would promote an Increased demand for whole some and refreshing fruit, if only there were a prospect of anything like a com* roensnrate supply. It is generally acknowledged that fruit is becoming year by year a more essential element of the diet of all classes of the community. The temperance movement has increased the demand for it, and will increase it con siderably more, for persons who indulge in alcoholic stimulants rarely take fruit or jam, or conserves made of fruit. An im portant proportion of the increased fruit consumption in England is due to the de mand for jam for home and foreign con sumption, but Mr. Morris tells us that "as regards jams there is practically no market for those from the colonies." Jam can now be bought in any part of England at from 7d. to 9d. per lb., owing mainly to the energy of French, Belgian, Dutch, German, and American fruit-growers. Jam factories are being established throughout England, and new processes have been introduced to improve the manufacture of jams of all kinds. More over, the market is diminishing for the sort of jam which the colonies would supply. Nowadays the jam most de manded is made of good freshly picked fruits, which are not mashed up into a mess but are preserved whole so that specific fruits may be identified. But if there is no market for colonial jam there Is a good opening in England for "attrac tive and tastefully prepared candied and crystallised fruits," which are now chiefly supplied from France. But Mr. Morris admits that as these would enter into competition with the candied fruits now so successfully prepared abroad, they belong to a " fine art department in fruit industry in which the colonies can only attain success when they have devoted considerable attention to the subject." Meanwhile colonial growers have quite sufficient scope for enterprise in the export of raw fruits, and the facts ad vanced by Mr. Morris should stimulate them to increased exertion. Alk. Chambeelain has lately been at the not unnecessary pain? of explaining once again his views on the Irish question. In an address to the electors of the Border Burghs delivered at fiawick towards the end of January he gave utterance to statements which for several reasons are of special Interest For some time pre viously there had been rumors that he had modified in Important respects his attitude towards Mr. Gladstone's Home-Rule policy. It was said that if Mr. Gladstone would only abandon his proposal for buy ing out the Irish landlords, and would be content with giving Ireland a reasonable measure of autonomy, Mr. Chamberlain for hi? part would no longer insist upon his original objections to the scheme. On the contrary he would, it was stated, give all possible aid to the estab lishment of a national Parliament in Ireland, merely reserving to the Parlia ment at Westminster the direction of the Imperial policy, the Irish Legislature having no power to decide on questions affecting the Empire at large. The rumor imputing this change of attitude to Mr. Chamberlain derived color from his ex pressed willingness to submit to a com promise with Mr. Gladstone and Air. Morley. Even those who were credulous regarding the concessions supposed to be contemplated by the member for West Birmingham could not speak with confi dence as to what effect the proceedings at the Reunion Conference might have had on Mr. Chamberlain's future action, and coming after the conference Mr. Chamberlain's address at Hawick was awaited with natural interest. Ex oept that in respect to agreement the meeting between the leaders of the divided Liberal patty was absolutely resultless, nothing was known as to the negotia tions. But if Mr. Chamberlain had made any offer at all, or had announced any intended alteration of policy, he would, it was felt) make the circumstance ap parent in some form in his first public speech after the Reunion Conference. The event shows that Mr. Chamberlain adheres in the main to his original stipu lations. He contends that a settlement of the land question must precede the granting of autonomy to Ireland, what ever form it may take. But it is not in mercy to the Irish land lords that Air. Chamberlain op poses their compulsory expropriation as conceived in Mr. Gladstone's plan. In fact, his speech leaves an impression that he cares very little what becomes of them, so long as their severance from the soil involves no charge on the British tax payer. Air. Chamberlain is as strongly desirous as Mr. Gladstone of substituting a culti vating ownership for dual tenure of the soil, but he will not hear of Mr. Glad stone's scheme for imposing on the British taxpayer the obligation of providing a guarantee for the landlords. Mr. Glad stone, who adheres firmly to his Irish policy, as shown by our cablegrams to day, says that the risk to the British ex chequer is infinitesimal. Mr. Chamberlain does not dispute the accuracy of the statement, but'contends that if the security that the Irish Parliament would offer, and upon which Mr. Gladstone so much enlarges, is good enough for the English nation, it Is good enough for the Irish landlords. The argument is plausi ble, but hardly consistent with Mr. Cham berlain's own representation of the facts. It has been his aim to show the worthlessness of all the securities yet proposed or that could be Imagined for acceptance by Great Britain. Mr. Chamberlain does not say that land lords should be deprived of their property without compensation. Yet he would have them to undergo the risks from which he would strenuously preserve the British exchequer. He proposes no scheme for buying them out, but if they are not bought out how can their lands be distributed among cultivating tenants? Nor are Mr. Chamberlain's views on the nature of the autonomy it would be ex pedient to concede to Ireland much more definite. He still maintains Mb advocacy of the scheme he bases on the Canadian constitution; that Is, with certain re servations he would give Ireland the same measure of local rule as 1 is enjoyed by Canada. The control of the police and magistracy, how ever, he would leave with the Imperial authorities ; the powers the Irish Parlia ment would enjoy would be " delegated " and not surrendered ; in other words the Imperial authorities would be enabled in any emergency to recall their concession: the subjects that would be treated by the new legislature would be "clearlydenned and subject to revision and control," and Ireland would still be represented at Westminster. Mr. Chamberlain declines to discuss the necessity insisted upon by Lord Hartingcon for giving Ulster separate treatment, Inasmuch as Mr. Gladstone has left this an open question. All that Mr. Chamberlain attempts to do is to set oat the points of difference between his own policy and Mr. Gladstone's, and he does not despair of an eventual agreement on a basis which would include the main features of the Canadian regime. He concludes by referring to Mr. Justin McCarthy's declaration In favor of the establishment between England and Ire land of " similar relations to those exist ing between the provinces of Canada and Ottawa" as evidence of the probability of the Liberal and Irish parties becoming once again a "happy family." It has been objected, however, that the circumstances of Great Britain have no resemblance to those of the North American Confederation. The relations between the Dominion Government and the provincial authorities were determined In the first place by the British Parlia ment; but what superior tribunal exists to interpret a constitution as arranged between England and Ireland? It is the distinguishing feature of Mr. Chamber lain's plan that it insists upon the supremacy of the British Parliament, so that the Irish Parliament would have no voice or influence in the ultimate determination of disputes. Moreover, the Dominion Legislature does not inter fere with the actions of State legislatures long as their effects do not extend be yond the local boundaries; but it was never claimed by Mr. Gladstone that the Parliament he seeks to establish in Ire land should have other than local powers. Mr. Chamberlain allows local powers to the representative body he desires to create, but they would be restricted, as those oxia^ng in the Canadian provinces are not. In adapting to Ireland the constitution of Canada Mr. Chamberlain admits that important modifications would have to be effected ; but he does not describe" them, and leaves it to be surmised how far the methods connected with Canadian autonomy would be altered in application to Ireland, and what vestige of an analogy would remain. As to the necessity of coming to a speedy solution of the question Mr. Chamberlain's representations are not a whit too emphatic. The failure of England to ? grapple with the Irish problem he says has weakened British influence in the councils of Europe ; but he adds that if Ireland has suffered by British miflgovern ment, England has suffered even more by Irish discontent, and on these and other grounds Mr. Chamberlain challenges statesmen of all parties to find a way to a settlement combining safety with honor. It must be admitted in fairness that Mr. Chamberlain's suggestions are pnt forward as purely tentative ; and it is probably with a view to disarming hostile criticism that he urges that " this is not a time to enter into details." A fuller statement of details might render his pro posals with regard to the agrarian question and that of local self-government more acceptable for discussion by the Liberal party, but meanwhile Mr. Chamberlain insists upon the importance of agreeing upon some general principle. At Ha wick he reminded his hearers that he had offered in the House of Commons again and again to vote for establishing in Ireland some kind of legislative authority for the transaction of domestic business, but was prevented by the form in which Mr. Gladstone brought the matter for ward. If the principle were presented in such a way as would secure its acceptance by the party as a whole, the plan for giving it effect would not, Mr. Chamber lain thinks, be difficult to devise;. but Mr. Gladstone la evidently determined that if the Liberals are to be reunited it must be on some other basis than one which would involve on his own part a divergence from his original policy. Victoria, is ever watchful of her own interests. It appears from a statement published in the Melbourne Age that the settlers in the agricultural district of Kaniva are nearly all forwarding their wheat to the London market via King ston. According to ordinary rates wheat can be carried from Kaniva to Kingston, a distance of 122 miles, for 18s. 2d. per ton, or a penny less than the cost of carriage from Kaniva to Geelong, a distance of 253 miles. But, in order to encourage the use of our railways, the South Aus tralian Government wisely reduced tho cost to 14s. per ton, or a decrease on Victorian rates of 4s. 3d. This is important when the low price of wheat is considered, and therefore it is not to be wondered at that the Kingston route should be favored. When these facts were represented to the Victorian Bail way Commissioners they proceeded care fully to consider the matter. The result was the formulation of a new by-law, ordaining drawbacks in the carriage of wheat from certain stations, and gene rally lowering the coat of carriage to Geelong from the districts near the South Australian border. It will, under the new regulations, cost less by Is. 7d. per ton to send wheat from Kaniva to Geelong than it formerly did; bat even as it is, Victorian producers will find it to their advantage to use the South Australian port. It in to be hoped, in our own inte rests, that this will long continue. A man must do the best for himself that he can, whether he be a Victorian or a South Australian; and so of course Victorian far mers should send their wheat to Kingston. It would seem that the completion of the through line between Adelaide and Mel bourne will not be quite so remunerative a piece of business as the Victorians expected. They thought to attract the trade of our south-eastern ports, whereas in fact we are attracting the trade of their north - western country. The same sort of Uiing happened when Mel bourne was connected by rail with Sydney. Much of the Riverina trade was then lost to Victoria and secured by New South Wales. With die new line some of the wheat carriage is lost to Victoria, because South Australia has a nearer port, and can thus afford to carry produce at a lower rate. This may not be quite satisfactory to Victoria. It is, however, entirely so to South Australia, and we should very much regret to see anything like a war of tarifis which might tend to disturb so excellent a state of things. Nominations will be received at noon to-day of candidates for the representation of the fol lowing districts in the House of Assembly:— East Adelaide, West Adelaide, North Ade laide, Wallaroo, East Torans, Fort Adelaide, Yatala.Onkaparinga,Noarlunga, Gumeracha, Encounter Bay, tsarossa, Yorke's Peninsula. Burra, Gladstone, and Light. A meeting of vignerons for the purpose of conferring with the South Australian Commis eion for the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition was held on Tuesday in reference to united action being taken in the erection of a Urge trophy to represent the wine industry of the colony. During the discuesion on the subject a diffi culty cropped np in regard to the finding of a sufficiently large space in which -to erect the trophy, and it was consequently deemed ad visable to visit the Exhibition and see what the available space actually was. It had pre viously been in contemplation to erect separate trophies for the wool, wine, and agri cultural products, but on seeing the limited space at their disposal the committee were unanimously of opinion that it would be better to combine and centre the whole of these industries in one large trophy. As a meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society, who have the nutter of the wool and agricul tural trophies in their hands, was being held it was determined to consult with them on the subject. In the conference which ensued it was resolved to fall in with the recommenda tion of the committee, and the result will be the erection of a magnificent trophy represent ing our agricultural products as well as the wine, wool, dried fruits, raisin, olive ou, and other native industries, which will doubtless be a thorough credit to the colony, and will be certain to attract great attention, as it is in tended to place it in a commanding position. As considerable importance was attached to the necessity of having a suitable place where special visitors might have an opportunity of tasting our wines, it was thought that the space underneath the trophy, or some other place adjacent might be utilised, subject of course to the approval of the executive com mission. The secretary (Mr. S. V. Pizey) was accordingly instructed to confer with the com missioner (Sir Samuel Davenport) and authorise him to obtain designs, which wQI be considered by each committee. Since the announcement which appeared a short time since in the Advertiser regarding the wishes of the S.A. Commission of the Jubilee Exhibition to obtain a creditable display of minerals, an increased interest has been manifested by the proprietors of many of our leading mines in the matter, and they are now in negotiation with the secretary (Mr. S. V. Pizey) to provide such quantities of ore as may be required at a fitting time. Among others, we understand that some valuable specimens will be exhibited from the old Adelaide mine at the Montacnte, representing every hueof color, and showing in some instances traces of gold plainly visible to the caked eye. Should the commission be able to carry out the arrangements they propose in reference to having gold and silver min ing appliances in operation, the prosecution of mining in the colony will doubtless receive a fresh impetus, and the improved labor-saving machinery which is likely to be brought into competition will be sure to attract great atten tion from all interested in our jniT"nE indus tries. The commission have certainly adopted a wise course in aDpropriating a portion of their space as a loan court for the reception of rare pictures and other works of art that may be in the bands of our colonists. It is pleasing to note that offers are now coming into the commission of loans of rare coins, valuable mineral specimens, and articles of virtu gene-' rally. This step will be certain to bring to light many rare artistic treasures, whose presence in the colony has practically been up to this time unknown. From information received by the last mail we learn that the hut which formed one of the chief attractians in the South Aus tralian Court at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and which was intended to be banded over to the Zoological Society, had, with the artistic entrance to the court) been presentee by our Agent-General to Mr. Wm. Holland, the proprietor of the Albert Park Palace, BatterseaPark. It is a great pity that some national institution was not made the recipient of these valuable trophies, so that they would bare served to advertise the colony instead of gracing, as they do at present, the grounds connected with an out side private show. Tomorrow being St. Patrick's Day the Government offices will be dosed after 1 o'clock. Mr. Justice Bundey has been suffering from a bronchial affection for the past few days which confined him to his house, but we are pleased to know that the health of the worthy judge is improving. The liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Australia have made a claim on the estate of an insolvent shareholder for £130, the full amount of the uncalled liability on the 20 shares held by him. This is the first case in which such a step has been taken, and the claim if allowed will no doubt be subject to revision. Mr. James Brunei, who has just completed thegeneralintetiordeoorationsof the Exhibition Building, has been engaged by the New South Wales Commissioners to decorate their court. Mr. Franklin, the deputy-commissioner, had designs prepared while he was in Adelaide, and these nave been approved by the com mission. The decorations will be carried out under the supervision of the architects Messrs. Withall* Wells. ?<=??*? The Conservator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown) has obtained some fine specimens of the Xanthorea from Kangaroo Island for the purpose of decorating the South Australian couit at the Exhibition. They are of gigantic growth, and with the seed-vessel at the top represent a height of from 25 to 30 feet. It is in contemplation to obtain several varieties of the same plant from Mount Crawford, Mr. Murray having kindly offered to provide as many as may be required for decorative pur poses. The Australasian has the following: "It is intended to hold a regatta on a large scale at Adelaide during the Jubilee Exhibition to be opened in June next^ and in view of crews going over from Victoria a very kind and fco&pitable; offer has been made by the Adelaide Rowing Club. Mr.: W. G. Roberta, the h?n. secretary, has requested the V.R.A. com mittee to inform intending competitors from this oolony that the club sheds are at their dis posal, and a hearty welcome awaits them from South Australian oarsmen." The Old ([Colonists' Association appear to have been alive to the importance of our Jubilee Exhibition, and have secured a suitable spot in the main building for the purpose of ex hibiting relics interesting to the pioneets. This spot should prove an attractive rendezvous for our old colonists. It is intended to erect the natural history scene close by. Arrangements have been made for having a collection of articles similar to those recently exhibited in the Town Hall at the time of the Old Colonists' Jubilee on view, bat at the same time it is to be hoped that any old colonist who may have other relics of interest will not fail to send them. The following clause occurs in the report of the Hills Land and Investment Company, to be presented at the coming annual meet ing:—"Your directors, in presenting the balance sheet of the company's operations, regret that they have to dhow a lass of £1,304 Bs. 26., which amount in cludes the sum of £982 165., written off for_ depreciation in value of properties on which purchasers have been unable to carry out their contracts. They purpose to-offer at an early date some 300 acres of the Aid gate property in working meu's blocks, of from 2 to 10 acres, upon lease with right of purchase. The contiguity of this land to the railway- Btataon leads youi directors to believe that on these terms the land will be taken np and that such leases will produce revenue to the company, besides securing a permanent settle ment and increased valae to the estate." Amongst the passengers by the steamship Taiynan, which arrived in Melbourne on Saturday from Hongkong, were Messrs. Hal ford and?ichards, who (writes the Age) for the last nine months have been prospecting in the Kimberley district. They state that during the last few months the population at Kimberley has been daily decreadng, and that where at one time there were at least 1,500 inhabitants there are now only 500 or 600. the majority of whom would give anything they possess to get away from the place. At present; bow ever, large parties of men are engaged in thoroughly prospecting the whole of the Kim berley, though np to the present time nothing of an extremely profitable character has been found. It has been clearly proved that no reefs of any magnitude exist in Kim berley, and that whatever gold is to be found will be picked np almost on the surface or in the gullies. The only two reefs showing any sign of gold which have been discovered so far are the Lady Margaret and one in Hall's Greek. Messrs. Halford and Richards point out that several of the men who came back from Kim berley and reported that there was no gold were never near the place, and consequently were unable to give a reliable opinion. They, however, state that the color may be obtained almost anywhere in Kimberley, althoughjt re quires considerable searching to find it in any thing like payable quantities. A strong proof of the faith that exists in business circles in the eastern colonies in the future of Western Australia is the fact (says the Wtst Austxdian of March 8) that the insurance and banking institution* having branches there are erecting in Perth large and expensive offices. The West Australian, the Union, and the National Banks have put up in St George's-terrace handsome edifices. The A.M.P.S., also, have erected a fine bnild- Sl in the same street; and now the National utual Life Association of Australia are about to erect a structure which wiE overtop all the others. The site selected is the piece of land in St George's terrace lying between tha livery establishment of Mr. S. Weaver and the new offices of Messrs. lieake& Harper. This sew building will consist of no less than four storeys, there being in it basement, ground, first and second floors. We have seen the plans, which showa building large and striking in appearance, yet elegant in design. The style of architecture is that of tie Italian Renaissance. The interior of the building baa been designed with a view to suiting the purposes of the National Mutual Society and of the Commercial Bank of Australia, which will open a branch in one half of ths building. The basement floor will be occupied by strong roomsand stores, and will be equally divided between the association and the bank. The first and second floors over the offices of the bank will be need as a residence for the manager. The Commercial Bank of Australia have obtained a lengthened lease of their batt of the projected building. The building has been designed and the construction of it will be superintended by Messrs. Terry & Oakden, architects, of William-street, Melbourne. This firm are represented in Perth by Mr. Alfred H. Bonython, Whoever is responsible for the idea that an Imperial memorial of the jubilee would be welcomed with acclamation by Englishmen and English colonists committed a grave error of judgment. So says the Melbourne Age. which adds:—There is no lack of enthusiasm on behalf of the name and the record of the mother land, and there is plenty of loyal aSee tion for the good lady who occupies the throne. These sentiments will be amply manifested tha wide world over on the day set apart for jubilation, while local TiwunentoH of the event of a more or less permanent character will not be lacking. But TmpnrinH?n in the sense which has of late years bean the subject of much glib and shallow talk is a vague and indefinite thing, in favor of which few people are impelled to chant huzzas and fling their hats in the air. Statesmen in England like John Blight raise 'np their voices against it, and if there be any premature attempt to drag it into the domain of practical politics it will be quickly made evident what the opinion of the colonies is about it. Their acquisition of the precious privilege of self -government is too recent, their memory of the previous epoch of Downmg-straet'mis rule too impressive, for them to tolerate any proposal to forego a portion of their cherished freedom in favor of Imperial control Im perialism in as jet merely a "fad," an abstrac tion, an excellent subject for discussion at de bating societies, colonial institutes, and the like, but as hopeless a word as conld have been selected from the dictionary with which to conjure money out of people's pockets. Here and there a Croesus with a craze may give a thousand or two to establish an Imperial Institute in liondon, and rejoice to think that his name will figure ou its tablets in company with an aristocratic roll of princes, dukes, and barons; but those who fancy that they can with such a simulacrum touch the hearts and rake in the coin of the masses are reckoning without their host, and are doomed to do a good deal of delving in the mine of dis appointment. We have received from Dr. Poulton a circular dated March 1 relating to the inter colonial medical congress to be held during the Jubilee Exhibition, from which we take the following :—" The committee have since December 11 been engaged in forwarding their work, and are much encouraged by the ready promises of support from many correspondents in the different colonies. Notwilhstandingtfa? great distances to be traversed by the majority of intending visitors it is hoped that the federal nature of the gathering, and Vb? oppor tunities it affords for the discussion of subjects common to the interests of practitioners throughout Australasia, will combine to secure a large and repre sentative attendance. The Governors of seven colonies have cordially expressed their approval of the project, and have authorised the com mittee to place the congress under their patronage. The goodwill and active cs operation of the medical associations has been emphasised by the leading part which their presidents and chairmen Save taken in sup porting the movement. The badness of the congress will be carried on in sections, based on the subjects appended. Gentlemen pro posing to oontribnte papers will facilitate the work of the committee bygiving early intima tion of their intentions. Tne last day for re ceiving notice of contributions has been fixed for June 30, by which date an abstract of each paper must be handed in to the secretary. The days of meeting will extend from Taesday, August the 30th, to Friday, September the 2nd, both days included. An evening recep tion of members and guests will be held on Monday, August the 29th, at the University. The meetings will be held in the buildings of the Adelaide University. Excursions will be made to objects of interests in the neighborhood of Adelaide, and there will be several gatherings of a social nature, under the direction of the re teption committee, who are campletias arrangements for reduced rail and tte*mbo?t fares and for the entertainment of visitors." In their annual review of the Australian wool trade for the past season, published on March 10, Messrs. Goldsbrough & Co., of Mel bourne, jstate :—ln Adelaide the fiwt sale w?? held on October 7, when a good representative catalogue was submitted. The attendance of home, Continental, and local buyers was large, and competition was most spirited, almost the whole of the offerings under the enthusiasm of the moment being taken at highly satisfactory prices. An advance of from Id. to 2&d.; per lb., according to quality, was established, the lower class wools showing the most advance. Pieces and broken wools were in great request, and the prices realised for these aorta in many cases equalled an advance of from 60 to 70 per cent. As with the other markets, the opening rates were not long maintained, and by the end of October the value of inferior and average greasy had fallen Id. per lb. For the next four weeks the market remainded steady, but on the opening of the November series at a decline a farther fall of about Id. per lb. look place. From this date to the dose of the season prices have varied to the same extent as in Sydney and Melbourne. The demand for crossbred wools, although of short duration, was at one time very firm, and capital priwa were realised. Continental buyers took a Urge proportion of tin offerings. Owing to the severe season the dip wa? not quite up to tiie avenge, being to a great ex tent short in staple, tender, and warty. It was, however, light in grease, which to a certain extent compensated for the defects above-mentioned as regards value. A great improvement is noticeable in the "get np" of the dip, and it is to be hoped that growers will continue to persevere in this direction. The following were current prices :—-Greasy merino —Inferior to ordinary, 4Jd.^to 7d. perlb.; good to superior, B£d. to lOd. Crossbred -Inferior to ordinary, sd. to 7d. per lb.; medium to superior, 7Jd. to lOd. per lb. Scoured— Ordinary to average. lOd. to 15d.; good to superior, 18d. to 20a, per lb. The mounted-constable stationed at Mount Freebng reports that a heavy fallof rain was eiperieScedat that place on March 8, three inches being registered in leas than 24 hours. A? the creeks between Mount FreeUng and Mount Lyndhurst have been running bankers. Mr. Bland Holt, the dever comedian who apteared in Adelaide in "The World" and other plays, has just returned from England to the colonies being a passenger by the steamer Ormnz. Mr. Holt intends to select a company in Melbourne, and to make a round of the colonies with a number of new plays and novelties, the rights of which he secured in liondon. At a ratber poorly-attended meeting of the University Shakespeare Society held on Tues day evening it was decided that for the future, if the executive were able to make satisfactory firancial arrangements, the journal of the society should be issued quarterly, the sub scription to be the same as formerly, and the price of each copy to be Is. 6d. It wasturther determined that advertisements should be solicited for the publication. The committee of the Belair Inebriates' Re treat held their monthly meeting on Friday, there being present the Hon. W. C. Bulk (in the chair), the Bev. W. R. Fletcher, Mr. C. H. Goode, and Councillor Hagedorn. The secretary reported that the recaiptsfor February had been—From patients' fees, £58; and from donations and subscriptions, £12 10s, 4d. Mr. E. 6. Sells was authorised by the committee to receive subscriptions on behalf of the insti tution. Some of the prettiest quartz and gold specimens ever seen in Ballarat were brought up on Saturday from the North Woah Hawp Company's claim, on the Indi cator line, White Horse Ranges, says the Ballarat Courier. One of the pieces of conglomerate consisted of beautiful milk-white quartz, and held together by bars of bright gold. There was about 40 oz. in all, of which over 28 oz. was gold. It is intended to forward the specimens to the Adelaide Exhibi tion. The monthly meeting of the Fort Adelaide branch of the Caledonian Society was held in the local Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening. There was a large attendance, and Mr, J, Campbell presided. The evening was en joyably rpent in listening to the following recitations, which were nicely rendered by Mr. H. Fraser:—"The four Georges," "The ocean," "The daisy," "Battleof Balaclava," "The abbot to Brace," "Annabel Lee," ?' Waterloo," " The poesy," " Sir John Frank lin," and " The cotter's Saturday night. 11 On Tuesday evening an accident, fortunately not attended by any serious consequence*, happened to the ketch Lurline. She had left the wharf bound for Salt Creek for a load of salt, and sailed to the opposite side of the river, and was endeavoring to stay so as to start sailing down when her mizen-rigging got fool of the quarter of the barque Orange Grove, and brought down the mizenmast. Captam Cocks, who was at the wheel, just * scaped a heavy blow from the falling ropes andsaus. We have received from Messrs. Sunpson Low. Marston, Searle, & Rivington, the .Xjolooh publishers* through ft^"l"l *l *- E. £? Wigff & Son, copies of Buckmore's "Lotna I?oone " and Hardy's " A Fair of Blue Eyes." These are the firtt of a series of cheap reprints intended for exclusive sale in the British colonies and dependencies. Messrs. Sampson low & Co. are the publishers of some of the best known works of fiction, and in this new Conn they are sure to have a much enlarged circle of readers. Who will now fail to read the famous Devonshire novel, ".Lorna Doone," when the price brings it within general reach ? The fortnightly meeting of the Operative B .ttmakers' Union was held on Monday even ing, the president (Mr. Carpenter) in the chair. Correspondence was received from the Vic torian union, stating that the work of re organisation was being carried out most successfully, about 15 shops which from various causes had fallen away having been induced to rejoin. The picnic committee pre sented the balance-sheet, which showed a profit of £9 Bs. 6d. as the result of the outing. _ Toe committee were thanir^ for the jr saner in which the picnic was carried out A further sum of £5 was voted the sufferers by the late fire at Dowie's. On the Adelaide Oval this evening Messrs. C. J. Brock & Co., pyrotechnists to the Crystal Palaoe Company, London, will giva their first display of fireworks. The secrdtmry in forms us that his Excellency the Governor, Uie Hon. J. C. Bray, and Mr. E. T. Smith, have signified their intention of being present. A special train will leave North terrace for GlenelfF at 10.10 p m., and the Gawler train will be delayed till 11 p.m. There will also be a special service of trams from the various suburbs to the oval. The programme to be presented is long and varied, and as many of the devices will be quite new to South Aus tralians, it is expected that the attendance will be very huge. A concert will be given by the Military Band and the Adelaide Qoartett Verein, and the CThrfotinn of fireworks will commence at a quarter to 9 o'clock. Shortly after the Christmas Eve fire in Bundle-street the Adelaide Fire Insurance Association increased the rates for diapers' risks, but the committee have now recom mended that where diapers have Winham's patent gas lamps fitted in their windows the mintwiTiiTi rate should be 12s. 6d. per cent, on condition that the pilot light is kept baraing, but suggest that in all cases the method of fixing the lamps be subject to the approval of tbe superintendent of fire brigades, and all lights inside shops be protected by globes. In the cases in whicn these conditions are not complied with they recommend feat the fol lowing rates agreed to by the general meeting, should be adhered to:—Naked gas jets in windows lighted by taper or match, Sis. per cent.; ditto, guaranteed lighted by an electric lighter, 15e.; outside lights for windows, 10*.; shops not lighted after 6 p.m. every evening, £e. percent. A competition in elocution and prepared creaking between members of Trinity and St. Bartholomew's societies took place in St. Bartholomew's schoolroom on March 14. Untie was a good attendance, and Dr. Hay ward occupied the chair Three members from each society competed in each section; and in elocution Mr. A. Shakespeare, with a recitation entitled "Our folk," was first, and Mr. J. Irving, with the " Sacrilegioasgame ?ten," second, both being members of Trinity Society. In speaking the subjects to choose from were—(l) " A holiday excursion;" (2)" A favorite author;" (3) "The political situa tion." Mr. A. Burton with No. 2 subject, and Mr. H. J. Armitage with No. 3 were awarded -first and second place respectively, both being members of St. Bartholomew's Society. The honors were thus equally divided between the two societies, Messrs. Webb and Daniels acted as judges. On Tuesday evening an entertainment was given in the Hindsmarsh Institute Hall by the lOack Star ChrUfcy Minstrel type, in aid of Mr. B. Goulds brass band fond. The pro gramme was of the usual minstrel kind, and lie vocalists were Messrs. 8. H. and E. H. S. Ooombe, G. Medwell, XL J. and G. Gibson. Mr. E. J. Gibson was bones, Mr. A. Eadf ord interlocutor, and Mr. T. Smith tambo. The first part closed with "A ghost story" by the company. Mr. G. E. Pascoe opened the second part with a pianoforte selection, and Means. G. and E. J7 Gibson gave an exhibi tion of "Boxing taught."- Dancing was intro duced by Messrs. E. Gaul and W. Cranwell, who acquitted themselves well, ""* Mr. F. C. Fascoe gave a ventriloqoial performance, and with his poppets highly amused the audience. He showed considerable ability aa a ventrilo quist, and was warmly applauded. The pro gramme was brought to ? dose by the farce "Slocdki's Dog," in which Messrs. A. Eadf ord, E.J.Grtson, and T. Smith took part. Mr. E. H. S Oxmbe was the stage manager, and Mr. G. E. Patcoe the pianist. There was a large attendar.ee. Mr. B. Gould's brass band played selections outside the hall. The first meeting of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society took {dace on Monday evening at the aoaety'a rooms in Brougham place, borth Adelaide. The president (Rev. fi. Hetditcb) occupied the chair, and there was * fair attendance of members. The report stated that the society was entering upon the 28th year of its existence. A member had trained honors at the last literary eocietiee'com petition, this being the fourth year in aucces ?non toe society bad been BucoeesfnL Mention vaitnadeof the loss the society had sustained in the departure from Booth Australia of Mr. T. Hams, one of ita oldest membera. The following' officers were elected for the ensuing year:—President, Rev. S. Hebditch; vice presidents, Messrs. W. H. Selway, Jan., and H. T. Fry; corresponding secretary, Mr. W. aVightingale ; minute secretary, Mr. F. Porter; treasurer, Mr. F. Huasey; librarians, Messrs. 3\. Goodwin and H. Eaton; and auditors, Messrs. J. F. Conigrave and F. Johnson. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers. . J?- Q C- Presided at a Uctare wcentlr given in London. Mr. D. atemrt was the lecturer, his subject benw "The?jdkdsoftheMWe." HabiSi^S l*e "Hebrew liberator Moset," who demanded tie radical release of Israel. lTeavena?athim the watchword of Radicalism, "Speak to the people that they go forward." Even we were indebted for much of the liberty we enjoy to theHebrewpatriot. ThedownfaUoftheJewish nation was stemmed by Deborah, Gideon, and Samson; though it did not advance until Samud's time. Among other Bible Radicals passed in review were Daniel, Ezekiel, Zerubbabel, Ezra, and Nehemiah, "the faithful servant of the people." It was over the body of the Radical Jesus Christ that men found their way to happiness and true fraternity. If they would be a power for good while they were in this world, it would be by being Radical reformers of the little world within themselves; and in so far as they were successful there, would the world at large be the better for their presence in it. During the performance of " The Tempest" at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, on Satur day evening (says the Age) an accident happened to one of the actresses, which luckily did not prove to be attended with serious consequences. Miss Julia Simmons, as Ariel, bad just finished singing "Where the Bee Sucks," reclining on the back of an imitation bat. suspended in mid air, and having been drawn to the wings, was just about to appear again in answer to an encore, when the bat was suddenly tilted by the loosening of a string, and she fell on the stage, a drop of Bor 9 feet. The accident occurring at the entrance to the wings, was only seen by half the audience. As the lady lay motionless for some seconds before she was lifted np it was feared that she had been injured. After a brief interval, however, Mr. Cathcart, the repre sentative of Frospero, interpolated in tile test the words "She is not hurt," and the hearty applause which followed the announcement bore testimony to the gratification of the audience. Mus Simmons subsequently pre sented herself and bowed her acknowledg ments. She was able to take her part as usual in the remaining scenes of the play. The following orders were issued from the Staff Office on Tuesday:—The Brigadier- General Commandant congratulates theS.A. Militia on the result of this year's class-firiner, which shows a marked improvement on that of last year, especially in the firing at moving targets. Last year 43 men below below ser geants' rank competed in the latter firing and only l&qualified.; This year of the same ranks 56 men (out of a smaller strength of force) com peted and 36 qualified. Though the total strength of the force and the number of men competing was necessarily much less than last year, yet the percentage of marksmen, first and second class shots respectively, for the strength of the force for the two years is as follows:—1885-86—Marksmen, 9 per cent. ; first-dass shots, 15 per cent.; second-class shots, 1G per cent. 1886-S7—Marksmen, 19 per cent.; first- class shots, 23 per cent.; second clata shots, 19 per cent. Or a total of 40 men out of every 100 second-class shots and above hut year, while 61 out of every 100 men have this year qualified as second-class shots and above. The Brigadier-General Commandant has been pleased to appoint Sergeant-Major C. W. Tolley, City Battalion V.P., to be a warrant officer of the second class, A meeting of tile Field Naturalists' Society was held hi the Public Library building on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance. Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, who presided, showed specimens of an insect of a blood-red color lately found in festing fowls, to which it was very injurious. The insect was dearly an imported one, and specimens bad been forwarded to the Govern ment entomologist (Mr. F. S. Crawford) to re pott upon. Dr. Cteland exhibited specimens of a new kind of grasshopper, also a curious cocoon. Mr. Tepper described the surface configuration and leading geological and botanical features of the Adelaide Plains, the Mount Lofty bills, Bremer Valley, Monarto tableland, and Rocky Gnlly, and toe basks of theMurray. Thefirstportion,reachingtobeyond Cooke's Plains, was distinguished by aAense growth at cypress pines on the higher ground and salt plants on the lower. Thence to near Bordertown the mallee scrub prevailed on the more clayey soil, which closely resembled that about Ardrossan. The mallee was inter sected by sand ridges, formerly coast dunes, with TWilraia orn&ta; and liantnorrhcea minor (a tufted grata tree). In the neighborhood of Coonalpyn a new_pla.nt, Castdnia alasia, was gathered; also Helichrysnm adenophornm, hitherto considered an essentially Kangaroo Island plant. The country around Border town was characterised by a rich clayey soil and ledgums, and that beyond by Casuarina glauca, or bull oak of the settlers, always denoting very rich spiL "We mentioned a few days ago," says the Sydney Daily Telegraph of March 12, "an inci dent which occurred at one of the meetings of the unemployed at the Statue, on which occasion a well-known member of Paliament volunteered to give to the unemployed relief fund a diamond ring, provided one of the unemployed orator* would show his sincerity by giving a gold ring which he was wearing. Thechallengne was ac cepted and both rings immediately Handed over. It would appear from some speeches made at a meeting of the unemployed at Hie Statute last night that the donors of the rings have since regretted then* impulsive generosity, and over tures have been made to have the rings re tained. The unemployed, however, are reluc tant to part with the rings, which are said to be worth £20 or £30, and judging from the re marks trade last night they are still more re luctant to consent to a proposal made by the donor of the gold ring to be paid a donation for his services in securing these gifts for the benefit of the unemployed. His excuse for asking for the return of his ring is that it was a gift from a friend, and tirat he does not wish to part with it It would appear to us that the amplest way out of the difficulty would be to have the jewellery valued by a competent jeweller or put up for sale, and thus give both parties an opportunity of buying their rings back at whatever they might fetch. The proceeds of the sale could then be given to the relief fund." They seem to have a curious estimate of the Prince of Wales in some parts of Kew Eng land. The Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston, whose new series of lectures on vital orthodoxy has just been published, while lecturing at Boston on "Low morals in high places," declared that even within the social area over which the Prince of Wales reigns supreme accusations of gross immorality had fallen and no reply had been made, except that the dignity of respectable portions of society had been outraged. Mr. Cook went on to say, " I hope the day will come when some pure American actress will refuse to take dinner with the Prince of Wales." The audience applauded vigorously; but in the midst of their cheers a hiss made itself heard. Thereupon Mr. Cook bridled up, and turning upon the hisser, asked," Who is it here that assumes the position of a spaniel of the aristocracy? Who is it here that expresses himself in language belonging to one of the shallowest creatures, and opposes an effort to pluck innocent maidenhood out of the jaws of that Minotaur of lawless self-styled respecta bility, which is rotten to the core. If any Englishman hisses here"— At this point the solitary dissentient stood np and gesticulated, and a great scene ensued. He was eventually induced to resume bis seat, and Mr. Cook then rebuked him as follows:—" If any Englishman hisses here let him go home and tell his aristo cracy that we want none of the Contagious . Diseases Act, and that we mean to join hands with all friends of genuine reform in patting the laws concerning person and property on the same level." A complimentary concert will be tendered to Ilr. Sam. Banford in the Albert Hall this evening by the Olirette Surprise Party, assisted by various ladies and gentlemen. 