THE ALHAMBRA MUSIC HALL. . The excellent programme provided by the managen of the Alhambra continues to attract large audiences each even ing, and on Saturday night the hall was crammed to over- ' flowing witb an enthusiastic audience. The programme opened with the usual miastrel entertainment, including songs by the principal members of the company, most of which were very successful. Messrs. Sam Keenan and Hosea Easton handled the bones, and Messrs. Johnny Cowan and Percy Ryan, the tambos, whilst Mr. H. Barrington officiated as interlocutor. The second portion of the programme commenced with a capital performance on the drums by Herr Sehoot, who represented in the most striking manner the various incidents in connection with the battle of Tel-el-Kebir. After this the. Ryans . (Perry and Lulu) threw the audience into roars of laughter with I some of their specialities ; and Messrs. Keenan, Moynham, and Easton sang " Mary's Heard the Nows" with immense success. Mr. Alf James, Miss Marie M'Kay, and Mr. Johnny. Cowan also contributed- to the evening's entertain- ment; and tho performance wound up with the really funny farce, " Over the Garden Wull." Mr. Cottier's . weekly minstrel entertainment drew to pether, as usual, a large audience on Saturday night at the Protestant Hall, and the excellent programme put before the audience was received with every manifestation of approval. Tho last night of Mr. St. Vincent's Spectroscope, other- wise known as Professor Popper's Ghost, drew together a fair audience at the Academy of Music on Saturday night, and-the entertainment proved highly amusing and satis- factory. The performance did not, os might have bien supposed, consist entirely of ghostly appearances, but was of a varied character, tho supernatural effects being occasionally relieved by tho appearance of performers of a more substantial character. Master W. Bennett gavo a clover entertainment, entitled "Music, Past and Present," and Mr. Fred. Foster was also very successful in his ventriloquial entertainment. A very startling representation of Fishor's Ghost, or the Penrith Mystery, during which the ghost appeared in the most realistic manner, was given, ns well as several other I scenes, in which ghosts, goblins, &c.;, filled the leading parts, and the entertainment concluded with a farce en- titled " The Barbor Bewitched," in which a number of other ghosts played prominent parts. The Columbia Elite Skating Rink, at tho Exhibition Building, after having been closed, owing to the hall being required for other purposes, for four days last week, was re-opened again on Saturday, and WSB patronised both in the morning and the evening by a large number of skaters. Tho rink will bo closed on Monday and Wednesday this week, but will be open for skating as usual on tho othor days. On Saturday night last a pleasant concert was given in connection with the bazaar hold in the sailors' concert room, Circular Quay, in aid of the reading and Bmoking room fund, and providing tho chaplain of the Sydney Bethel Union with a boat to enable him to conduct short deck services on board ships in the stream on Sunday after- noons. There was a good attendance. Tho concert opened by the Misses Dyer and R. S. Terrett playing a trio on the pianoforte and violins. This was followed by a duet, "Whispering hope," Misses Keats; solo on the violin, . "Lifo lot us cherish," Miss Dyer; "Dream within a dream," Miss Keats ; and waxworks entertainment, effi- ciently conducted by Mr. Chamberlain. The result of the week's salo realised a little over £75. This sum the ladies think highly satisfactory, for the debt on the reading and smoking room is now extinguished, leaving n balance nenTly sufficient to buy a good boat for the chaplain's URO. Before closing tho bazaar tho Rev. W. Bradley said that he wished to convey to his many friends his best thanks for the aid so generously given. Great praise was due to the ladies and gentlemen who took part at the bazaar, especially the Indies. They had worked hard, worked harmoniously, and worked for the moral and spiritual good of dur toilers of the sea. A most enjoyable concert was given in the Redfern Pres- byterian Church on Friday last by tho choir and friends. The choir rendered several choruses »nd quartets in ex- cellent style. The following ladies and gentlemen contri- buted solos:-Mrs. Crone, Misses Brodie, Rose, Spence, and Muir, Messrs. Kay, "Young, Smith, and David- son. Mrs. Crone deserves special mention for her song, " Remember now thy Creator." Miss Muir waa also very successful in " Queen of the Earth." Two piano solos were splendidly played by Miss Finister. Mr. Hardy also performed a violin solo, " Life let us cherish," capitally, and shared with Mrs. Crone the honours of the evening. Tho programme was brought to a close with the National Anthem. Mr. Harry Chandler, organist of the church, conducted and accompanied throughout with great taste. Mr. Chandler ÍB to bo complimented on-tho concert, which was both a musical aad financial success. At a meeting of the committee of the Parramatta District Liedertafel, held on Friday evening, the Rev. C. Taylor presiding, it was decided to held the first smoke concert in the Masonic Hall oa tho 2ôth October. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs as follows : Tho Simonsen Italian Opora Company at the Theatre Royal performed " Don Giovanni " four times, and " Lucrezia Borgia" twice during last week. "Les Huguenots" is announced for Monday night. On Saturday night "The Mikado" was produced af th» Princess Thoatre, and will be continued tilt Friday night. Byron's comedy, " Our Boys" was revived nt tho Opcra-houce. "Held by tho Enemy " is still being played at the Bijou Theatre. The various houses continuo to be well patronised. 