NEW YEAR'S DAY. New Year's Day is one of the great holidays of the year in Victoria, and never was it cele- brated with greater zest or under happier circumstances than on Saturday, a year of steady progress and increasing prosperity hav- ing just ended, while the new year promises at least to equal, if not outrival, the old Such a pleasant retrospect and such a cheer ing outlook could not fail to gladden the hearts of all Victorians, or to throw a rosy hue over the gay lestivities which mark the closing da)s of the departing year __d the incoming of the new Only one thing waa needful to fill their cup ot joj-glorious holiday weather-and that was not denied lhe new year was ushered in on "aperiect day " A bright, clear, Italian bine Bky, with a genial southern breeze to temper the scorch mg raja of a summer sun, lett nothing to be desired, lhere was little or no business to | desecrate the featnul lhe city shops nure houses, and factories wore a deserted appear ance, and holiday making waa the order of the day I lery kind of taste had been con stdered by the purveyors of enjoyment, and a greater diversity of attractions could hardly have been presented lhe railways offered special inducenienta and mcilities to such as de8ired to spend the day in the country or at the seaside resorts, and although the rolling stock baa been largely increased of late, the resources of the department were taxed to the uttermost, and the returns of the passengers carried " beat all previous records It was the same with the steamboat excursions down the bay, and nil the favourite watering places were conse quently crowded A very large concourse was attracted to Tlemrngton, and the summer meeting of the Victoria Racing Club never presented a more brilliant spectacle lhe course and grounds have been improved year by year, and the accommodation for visitors lacks nothing that expen ence can suggest or ingenuity devise The programme of events waa moro attrac ti ve than on New Year a Day IbbG lhe Midsummer Handicap had disappeared, and in ita stead the Bagot Plate, which last year waa a weight-for age race with £3o0 added, was made a handicap, the clnet event of the day, with no less than £1,000 added About 7,000 spectators were attracted to the return international cricket match on the Melbourne ground, between the team of English professionals mid the fifth Australian Eleven lhe Australians were fortunate in securing the first innings, the pitch being in splendid condition for making runs They were naturally expected to put forth strenu oils efforts to retrieve their laurels, and they started play with thegoodwishe8 of thousands of onlookers When the stumps were drawn for the day the Australians had scored 223 for eight wickets lhe German citizens held their annual picnic at Kew, and this social re union was a pronounced success, the gathering being the largest ever held under the auspices of the lum Verein, whose roll of membership lengthens year by j ear lhe Zoological gar dens at the Rojal park, and the Aquarium attracted great numbera ot visitors, the Japanese Village and tne Christmas Festival at the Exhibition building were also well pa tromsed In the evening the theatres and other placea of amusement were crowded, while many thousands were attracted to Mr Pam a grand display of fireworks on the Last Melbourne Cricket-ground lhe following are details of the events of the day - CRICKET MATCHES. THE INTERNATIONAL CRICKET MA1CH. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V THE LNGLISH PROrLSSIONALS The second of the aeries of three matches arranged between the M.C C Anatralian team and the English professionals was com- menced on Saturday, on the Melbourne ground AB a consequence ot the recent surfeit of first class cricket a poor attendance waa feared, but in this respect there waa an ngreeaole aurpnse People came down after luncheon with something like their old enthusiasm and nt the best part of the afternoon there must have been between 0,000 and 7 000 people w atcbing the game, the grand stand especially being liberally patronised lhe weather waa all that a cricketer could desire, and the wicket cer tainly the best that has been got ready for any match on the Melbourne ground this season lhere was more gross on it than usual, and on that account it was likely to lust longer, ulule playing just as well na when the turf ia too closely shaven The original intention was that play should commence on Saturday, at 12 o clock, and - following the custom at Lord s ground in longland - at half past 11 on the remaining days of the match Both teams, play m Sydney, however, on Saturday next, and were deairouB of leav ing Melbourne by the express on Wednesday aiternoon, so that it was agreed between Garrett and Shrewsbury that they should start play on the remaining dnjs of the Kitten at the unusually ca'ly hour of li ocNock Hie MCfi had been desirous of securing lumera Bernces m place ot Giffen for the match, and telegraphed to Sydney to the--amthomas ot the bank in which he ia emrJicrved asking for leave lhe reply was that 'J. omer could hardly be epared, but later in the USternoou, when 1 rott had been asked to play again, and the necessary leave ob tawed foil him, a aecond telegram came from Sydney informing the MCC that furner might, lfuie wished remain over for the match Ima which would have been very a.reeable mtelligence earlier m the day, wita then too late to bo or any use, and trott accordingly took Gillens» place It is hoped that Giften moy be nelf enough to play m the Sydney match, but sViould the caso be otherwise either M'Donnell or 1 ems will bo asked to pla) lhe difficulty about nmpirea for the match vi as not ov ercome by Major Vi ardill hav ing declined Co remove Phillips from the position, on the ground that no sulhcicnt cause tor casting; this slur upon a well known ana capable umpire had been shown On assemlbling in the pavilion it was found that the1 Englishmen had asked Midwinter to act na "their umpire instead of Cotter mid they lur.ther repeated their desire that the opposing team should substitute some other umpire for Phillips On behalf of the 1 nghshmen it waa pointed out that they had askeu for antother umpire some days before the match that the request waa privately made to Major VA ardill and might have been (.ranted without exciting any comment Major Wardtll-who waa aup ported in his action b) every member of the team-told the Lnglishmcn, briefly mid firmly, that after the charges made bj them against Phillips, his removal would mean acquicsence in an mdict ment ot unfairness, nrjd practically his disqualification for ever trom the position of umpire in important matches Rather than consent to anything so unjust and un lair, they would abindon the match Altera consultation, the English team agreed to go with the play, and Shrewsbury aBked Garrett to toss lor choice of innings In con nection with thedispute ltmay be mentioned that tina is not the first time the MCC have taken a firm stand m favour of an umpire One notable instance was the memorable match played in Sydney between Lord Harris s team and a Sjdney eleven, when the club supported the Lnghsh eleven in de dining to remove the late G Coulthard from f*e position, more especially as the Sydney team made no charge againat him other than an expression of vague dislike. It waa | a quarter of un hour alter tne time fixed for starting and the crowd were manifesting impatience at the delay, when Garrett won the toss, and Shrewsbury prepared to take the held Bruce and Palmer, as usual, came out to gether to commence proceedings for the Aus- tralians and the lormer opened the innings bj placing the first from Briggs to the on lor a Bingle Shrewsbury, as usual, fielded at point, n position where he baa lew superiors while Barnes waa at short slip Bates bowled at the opposite crease After BriLgs had bowled a couple of ovrs, Bruce, in glancing nu oil ball, put it dangerously close to Loh mann, and the way in which 20 _ nglish hands went up m anticipation showed how very keenly this game w as to be plaj ed 1 he ball passed betweenLohmaiin s arms without his touching it It would have beena dis- aster lor the Australians had the reliable joung Melbourne batsman gone down at this stuee and something ot a vindication of the off thcjry also As it was, trouble came quite soon enough Palmer snicked n bull in the slips from Bates, and in respoiibe to an energetic ' now then from the 1 nglish team Barnes took it easily and the first wicket w is down with the Bcore nt 6 runs only Sherwin appealed for n catch at the w icketa oil Bruce as soon ns loues came» in, and the other fieldsmen took up the retrain, but it was so palpably it ' try on that Midwinter waa in little fear of being relieved of the duties of umpire when he gave it " not out ' '1 he Australians were not batting at all perfectly, for Jones, in letting ont nt nn off ball from Bates, gave Briggs a diflicult chance It was low down to the ground and difficult, but the fieldsmon, who was stationed at cover point, just got his hnnds on it. No doubt tho sterling little Lancashire cricketer has held more difficult cntches, so that it was something in the nature of n "let off ' for Joins. After 1 lowers, by a slight blunder in the field had given tne Australiana a run, Bruce drew nn off ball irnm Bates ver) skillfull) and prettily to the on and ran two for it 'i he batsmen were, however making a ver) poor use of the advantage thev gamed in winning the toss v.\ hen the score was at 21 Bruce went forward for n drivent Bates and tlie bov,ler, jump ing into the air, took a beautitul cntcn with his right hnnd, the lent being londl) np plauded nil round the ground, while the Englishmen congratulated their comrade of Yorkshire ver) heartil) Bruce hud scored 15 of the runs, mid when he went everjoiie knew that one of the most dangerous hats men in Australia on such n vvitlet hud been sent into retirement, ni far ns the first innings at least was concerned 1 rumble, one ot tue stendiest ot the team in all things but run judi'ing carno next and each batsman telt now that his individual responsibility liad increased Jones cut nn off ball from Bates over Shrcwsbur) a head rather too close to that agile fieldsman lo be at all pleasant. He jumped, but failed to reach it, and 3 w°re run for the hit, one, how ever, being culled abort. I he fielding of the Englishmen was ver) good, and very few runs were lost through any mistake on their Eart 1 he character ot the batting ma) be eat realised from the fact that at 1 o clock the Australians had been batting three quarters ot an hour lor ¿S runs L he first really good hit vvnsofl a slow from Bates which '1 rumble followed patiently round and hit hurd to the grind stand fence, and Jones shortly altcrwards followed the example by sending Briggs to the off for 4 in the same direction Bates stopped a hard straight drive from 1 rumble and threatened the wicket ns most bowlers do niter n neat piece fielding auch as th a. Although Bates had done such venman Bervice he was now re lieved and with the score at42 Lohmann went on nt the Richmond crense, commencing with a vv ide in his first over Both batsmen were pla) ing vv eil now, nnd one leg glnnce tor 3 by I rumble off Briggs wns a reall) elegant stroke Then the old weakness obtruded, and a run out was avoided only by great good luck In trying for a third run from a hit hy Jones oft Briggs, the b ill was returned to the bowler by Barnes while '1 rumble was still midway between the wickets. To the sur- prise of ever) one and the dismay of his team, Briggs let the ball clean through his hands, and the wicket was Baved With 50 on the board, Barlow went on to bowl from the pavilion end in place of Briggs. 'Hie latter had bowled exceptionally well on a Bplenthd batsman s wicket, nna managed to get con Biderable work on the ball. At lunch time the score stood at 52. After luncheon the game was very slow ngmn In tnking a tbird run for UBiitck by Jones, the batsmen were in danger again, but Maurice Read's return from near the chums was hardly fast enough, while Sherwin also fumbled it slight») A minute later '1 rumble went a long way down the wicket for what would have been, if obtained, a most risky run, and all his pace was required to get home again There was a feeling of annoyance on the part of the onlookers that the Australians should thus, as m the hrst innings, persistently risk a wicket for the sake of a run No sooner was this danger survived than Jones hit nn off- ball from Barlow straight and lair but hard into Shrewsbury's hnnds nt point, mid there wns n sigh of relief-but not from the fieldsmen when the English captain dropped it. '1 he last ball of Lohmann s next over Jones hit hard to the off chains for 4 Briggs got a round of cheers for a very nest return from a lut by Jones 'Ihe scoring was slow, but with a couple of runs short ot 70 Bates came back to bowl once more in place of Lohmann 'J rumble went out to Bates, and hit bim hard several times, but Ins placing of the ball was unfortunate, and every time it went Btraight to a fields man 'lhere waa no reason why the play should be slow on such a wicket, one of the finest of many good pitches that have been prepnred tor big matches on the Mel- bourne ground Trumble, who wnspainfull) slow between tho wickets, cut Bates very neatly lor 3, and Jones snicked one in the slips, perhaps ii bit to close to Barnes to be absolutely n safe stroke At 3 o'clock 80 runs was on the board, nnd Jones put another 4 to it by cutting Barlow splendidly to the chains. Both the Lancashire bowlers had failed to get a wicket at the pavilion end, though chances were missed off each of them , so, vvitn the ecore at 88, Flowers went on instead of Barlow, and Barnes was tried instead of Bates at the opposite wicket. Briggs, nt cover-point, again did something to maintain his reputation ns a heldsman 'I hen '1 rumble, who had vainly tried to throw Ins wicket awa), succeeded in doing so Jones cut Flowe-rs hard, and starting for a tbird run, had actually got right down to '1 rumble's wicket before the latter stirred Even then, through a bad return on the patt of Head, ho nearly got home '1 rumble» lind got 28 out of the S3 Bcored, but his bad running considerably discounted the pertec tion ot his piny in other respecta It seemed almost nn incredible thing that batsmen who had plu)edn whole season together should not jet understand each others peculiarities Jarvis wns next in, und ns this wns just the pitch to suit the play of the Adelaide wicket keeker, something t"od was expected Ihe something good nearly took the form of nn immediate run out A hall waa hit out m the air towards Maurice Read, who first thought be could reach it, but alterwards changed his mind, and waited for the hop As usual, the batsmen both ran to the middle of the wicket, and there stood hesi tuting An almost certain run out waa avoided only through Read falling when in the net of fielding the bulb and again tho Australians were saved only by such an acci dent as occurs once in an innings So far the Lnglishmen had had a monopoly of the bad luck, while the Australians had gener ally disnlajed poor play and bad judgment. With the seore at 9S, Jones snicked a ball in the slips, and Lohmann while in ¿be act ot falling, took a beautilul one handed catch close down to the ground Jones s 48 waa a more lively innings than he has plnjedin nny of the recent mutches M'llwraith was next in, and it was good judgment to have sent lum so early to a wicket with which be should be now tolerably familiar 'lvvo strokes brought 100 up, but the price paul for the runs had, under the circumstances, been much tío dear M'llwraith drew nu off bull from Howers very nicely across the wicket for 2 Barnes was in very good form, and very lew runs wero got trom Ina howling M'llwraith ngnm put much need« d life into the gume b) cutting 1 lowers hnrd to the ience At 111 Bates came back again to bowl at his old end, and the first real np plnuding outburst wns when M'llwraith pulled two of his oil balls in succession iicroas the wicket and out to the fence for 4 s -a new method ot denhng with the ofi theory 'Hien Jarvis was very simply bowled in tr)ing to pull n straightand plain full toss, the ball pitching ritht amongst the stumps. 1 ive wickets were down for 1J0 runs, and the backbone of the team was apparently fairly broken Blackham, who lias done little of late to maintain his reputation as a bateman, was next in, and he commenced business bj an off drive, Barnes nuaiielduig it, and giving the batsman ¿ to sturt with M'llwraith put one too close to Barlow in the slips, but tot 3 for n bad stroke \V hen the teams lett the field lora few minutes at 4 o clock the score was 120, M'llwraith having scored 20 '1 he wind had changed to a cool south breeze, winch, however, brought upa good deal ot dust On continuing play Blackhom sent Bates well uwuy to the on and 3 were run from the hit. When 130 had been reached. Britts came back to his old end in place of 1 lowers Afterglancing Bates to leg for two, M'llwraith bit bun to Britts at cover point and started to run Brigts fielded the ball, and as M'llwraith fell in turning back, the run out again seemed a certamtly. Brigts s return was wide of the wicket and Sherwin being obliged to run to one side to take it, threw the bull behind him at the wicket and missed lhere was then an easy run to bo got lor the overthrow, but M'llwraith had lost his bat, and also his compo sure, and declined to try for it, Ihe way m which the Lnglishmen had let off their opponents w is something exceptional, and the cause of the mistakes on both sides was no doubt over unxiety '1 ho scoring had quickened considerably, Blackham placing the ball very neatly between the fieldsmen Tor n leg glance he ran 2, and brought 150 on the board Once more Bates was removed, and Ballow took his place as bowler M Ilwraitb got 2, 1 for nn overthrow, und both were run nt consider able risk, more esDecmlly ns the striker bud overrun Ina wicket before being called on for the second run In returning the bull to the wicket llntei knocked oil the bnils, so that .sherwin had to pull up a stump, and this about saved MMIwriutliB wicket. Ile then glanced Briggs very light!) to leg, but the stroke was good for 4 A very uppish stroke b) Blackham iortunntelv lound one of tho blank spuees in the held liiere was an nppial tor leg before wicket atainst Black hum, und the absurdity ot some of the out fieldsmen calling for a decision in such uense requires no comment 'lho execrable juilt ment shown hy the Australians between the v ij ets was something quite unworthy ( t u team of schoolboy»», and to say tnnt the supporlers of the team weto oniioed at their strong luck oi judgment wag but a mild evpreasion ol their feelings '1 he bntMiien started for a run after Black ham had played Barlow to leg 'Ihe single wns safe enou"h hnd they shown nny decision in going for it, but na usual they faltered hall way, and M'llwruith was run out, the sixth wicket Inlling for lull Such mistakes were quite-unworthy ot schoalboj/à"'Irott came in only to return at once to the pavilion, for he snicked the first ball from Barlow high in the Bilpa, and Lohmann took an easy catch. Garrett followed, and his first runs were the result of a lucky snick which went to the chains Blackburn brought one frotn Lohmann, who went on at 172 instead of Briggs, round to mid on, and although it stopped some 40 j ords inside the rink, they ran 4 for it, simplj through decision in running last and without hesitation. These two batsmen are, however, perhaps the best in Australia between the wicketa An equally well run 3 was got shortly afterwards for a cood hit bj Blaekham off Lohmann. Bates, who was nut very well, left the field nt half past ¡i, and Jones carne out to field in his place lor a lew overs Vi ith the score at 192 Flowers went on ngam to bowl in place of Lohmann, 4 being easily run in his first over irom a cut by Garrett. Briggs let an easy hit bj the same batsman pass between his legs, and 2 were ran for it Garrett also placed Howers neatly in the slips for 2, bringing 200 on the board, with 20 minutes jet to play. Blaekham played very steadil), and for n long time his score stood at 38, but Garrett at the other end was much more bus). After Blaekham got into the forties, however, he bestirred himself, and hit Howers to the grand stand fence for 4, Scotton being just too late to save it He pla) ed the same bowler behind the Wickels lor 3, and Garrett drove him to off fence for 4 From the fourth bull a single was Beared, making 12 runs for tho over, and the hiebest bit of batting seen during the dn). Both men appeared to be fairly at home, and making amenda for recent failures. Further, they not only got the runs but kept the ball well along the grass Garrett made a luck) snick in the slips for 4 off Barnes, who had replaced Barlow when the score was one short of the 200 Scoring a single for a cut off Flowers, Blaekham carried his figures to 60, thus far the highest score of the innings, and waa loudl) cheered, llien a partnership, which promised to eave the Australian», was broken Garrett starting very slowly to a call irom Blackburn tor a single, which appeared sale enough, was ensily run out lhe total score at the mil ot the eighth wicket was 223, Garrett having sliown ürst rate form lor his valuable contribution of 31. 'lhe Australians had galluutly maintained their ai erase of losing three wickets by run outs when opposed to the Englishmen. Spofforth carne in to play out time, and com- menced by getting a nasty rup on the fingers, aud as he stood outside the crease wringing Ins f tigers Blaekham called out to linn energetically to go back before the ball was returned. Nothing more was scored before the stumps were drawn, Blaekham carrying out his bat for 60, got m his old energetic way. The Victorian wicket keeper hua a reputation for playing nn uphill game, and he caine very reaolutely to the rescue of hld side in this case. The scores were as follows . AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. vinsT iNMSos. Bruoo, 1,1,1,1,1,1.2,1,2,1 S, o and b Bates.. .. 15 Palmer, 1, o Barnes, b Bates. 1 Jouos, .,_,l,2,'.,l.J,4,2,l,l,8,M,l,l,l,3,l,8,4,2,l,I, 1, o Lohmann, b Flowers.43 Trumblo, 1,1,4,1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,3,2,2,3,1, runout 2B Jarvis, b Bates.8 Mcilwraith. 1,2,1,4,4.4,1,3,2,1.1,2 1,1,2,4,1, run out 86 Blaekham, 8.1,1,2,1,8,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,4,1,8,1, 2,2,1,1,4,3,1, not out.60 Trott, o Lohmann, b Barlow.0 Garrett, 4,J,l,3,l,4,2,2,l,l,i,4, runout .. .. SI spofforth, not out .. .0 sundries.7 Eight w lokets for .. .223 INTERCOLONIAL WAREHOUSEMEN'S MATCH. NEW SOUTH WALES V. VICTORIA [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, SUNDAT. The fourth annual cricket match between representatnes of the warehousemen of Vic- toria and New South Wales was commenced yesterday, on the Agricultural Society's ground, Moore-park. The weather WOB line and the attendance large. The following are the Bcorcs : NEW SOUTH WALES. FII1BT IVMNGS. Patrick, b M'Guire. -.0 Searle, o Wilson, b M'Guire.. .. 15 Eves, o Raines, b Letcher. 4 Hillier, ibvv, b Coupar . IS Brown, b Letcher. 0 Chalmers, b Taylor. 7 . Driver, not out . 23 Gosnell, b Taylor. 2 Loder, o Speechley, b Coupar .. .. 0 Colbran, b Letchcr. 2 Merritt, run out . 0 buudries.. . 2 Total.87 Bow LINO AKAL-ISIS.-Letchcr, 120 balls, l8 runs,, 10 uns, 3 wlokcts, M'Gulre, 81 balls, 27 runs, 4 maidens, : wlokets; Taylor, 78 balls, 24 runs, 2 maidens, 2 wickets, Coupar, 78 balls, 21 runs, 3 maidens, 3 wickets VICTORIA. PltlBT LSMNGS. W. Martin, o Chalmers, b Gosnell.. .. 1 Raines, o Brown, b Gosnell .. .. 2 Taylor, b Gosnell. 2 Letcher, b Colbran., .. 7 Speechley, a Loder, h Colbran .. .. 2 Wilson, o Eves, b Gosnell. 19 Thomas, o Brown, b Eves. l8 M'Guire, hit wicket, b Hillier } .. .. 0 Delaney, o and b Colbran .. _. ..8 Martin, not out . 12 " Cowper, b Gosnell. 6 bundrlos Total. 94 BOWMSO ANÁLISIS-Colbran, 120 balls, 80 runs, 5 niidens, 8 wickets i Gosnell, 120 balls, SO runs, 8 maidens, 6 wickets ; Hillier, 24 balls, 7 runs, 1 wicket; Merritt, 54 balls, 7 runs, 8 maidens ; Eves, l8 balls, 2 runs, 1 wicket. NEW SOUTH WALES. SECOND INNINGS Patrick, st Rainse, b Thomas .. ,, IS Driver, not out . ,. 2.1 Hillier, not out . 1 buudries . .. .. .. .. 4 Total (or one wicket. 45 MARINE EXCURSIONS. The weather on Saturday was the most agreeable for an outing on Port Phillip Bay or Corio Bay that could possibly have been desired; and it was not surprising, therefore, that the steamers which were laid on to run from Melbourne to the watering places on the bays named were well patronised by holiday makers. There were not so many vessels advertised to make the excursions as is generally the case on New Year's Day, but those which were sent had large passenger accommodation, and the total number of passengers carried by them must have been quite as great as on any pre- vious similar occasion. The first on the list in the public estimation was evi- dently the new and fast pleasure steamer Ozone. She left the railway pier at Port Melbourne at half-past 10 a.m. for Queens- cliff and Sorrento, and notwithstanding that the return fare by her was 7s. 6d., she was well loaded, about 1,200 in all going by her. The return journey from Queenscliff was commenced at 20 minutes after 5 p.m., and the Ozone was back again at Port Melbourne in two hours afterwards. The steamer Lons- dale, which went from the same pier soon after 10 o'clock for Queenscliff and Portsea, and returned from the former place at a quarter to 5 p.m., was also well patronised, the number who travelled by her being 700. The Williams, which also left the same pier for Schnapper Point and Dromana, and returned from the former place at 5 p.m., is not so large a vessel as either of the two previously named, but her run proved very attractive, and she carried over 500 persons. The vessels that left the Queen's wharf and South wharf, on the Yarra, at Melbourne, were all successful in securing as many passengers as they could conveniently carry. The Excelsior went from the Queen's wharf for Geelong at half past 9 a.m., and started on the return journey from Geelong at 4 p.m., and Portarlington at a quarter-past 6 p.m. The Edina also went to the same ports, starting and returning at about the same hours. The Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com- pany's fine steamer Flinders, which left the South wharf at 10 a.m. for Schnap- per Point, went away quite crowded. The steamer Casino ran from the South wharf to Queenscliff, starting at 9.30 a.m. and returned before dark; and the colonial steamer Queenscliff went to Mordialloc, from the South wharf, starting at 10 a.m., and returned to the same wharf at 7 p.m. The passengers by the various vessels enjoyed the trips thoroughly, and on their return expressed themselves highly satisfied with their day's outing. A number of steamers are also advertised to make excursions down the bay today. The Ozone, Lonsdale, Edina, and Excelsior will repeat the trips they made on Saturday, starting and returning at the same times; and the steamer Dawn will run to Schnapper Point from the Queen's Wharf at 9.30 a.m., and return there before dark. THE RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The facilities offered py the Railway department to pleasure - seekers in the form of cheap fates and rapid tram transit induced a Iurge number of persona to leave the metropolis for the country on Friday and New Year's Day. 'Hie fact that the holidays extended uninterruptedly from Friday even- ing until to-night tended this j ear to Bwell the passenger returns to the more important provincial towns above those of 1885 and 1886\. On the other hand, the many induce, ments to visit Melbourne also had a marked effect on the traffic citywards. This year, for instance, there were the special perform- ances at the theatreB, and the New Year's Day race meeting, which is an irresistible attraction to a very large section of rural districts. The race traffic to the Flemington station alone represented an lune of 5,059 tickets, while to this number most bemadded »v*cy*i»r«.projKJïlîonof the tickita«oldto the 6 785 passengers who used the Williams town line as a means of reaching the race course. 1 he returns for the lines converging into Spencer street show only n slight increaso for December SI but on New x enr s Day theexce88 of trathc over last jear represent<.d some 2,700 passengers nnd a revenue of 1370 'Ihe futures indicate also that although there waa a falling oil in the business dune on the Sandhurst and 1 chuca line, the decrease was more than compensated lor b) the traflic on the Non h 1 astern, Geelon_ and Ball nat, Goulburn Valle), and Malborough lines. 'Hie increase on the north suburban railuajs was not so lart.e as t swell tlie returns at Spencer street to an) nppreci ible extent the extra traffic, therefore, bein almost entirely to and from the country dutricis. Hie nil way lines running into the Prince s bri Ite station were availed of to a lurte extent on December 31, when 51UJ | i»-senters were carried us against 4(_l in i!wj Hie favounto resorts were Lilydale Mordialloc and 1 rauknton 1 he increase in the revenue arising Irom this extra traflic was tJ31os As corni ared with these fitures the New Years Diy trufiie shows a considerable excesB, tho number of passengers then convejed being 2177 A representing a value of £l,0fc0 17B Id na ntninat 10 054, of a value ot ii 00811s 2d for tbeaame day in 1880 1 he ofheers at 1 linders street station were also kept unusually buB) on 1 ndny and New \eura Diy Hie returns of that station fur the first named da), strange to Bay, ure slightly less than in 188r> but on New Year a Day the increase was consider uble the number ot passengers curried being 4-1,6SG, of a value of 11)4 111s lid , as against 38 240, of a value of ÍJ431GS. for January 1, 188b Hie total excess ot passengers con veyed on December 31,188(1 and January 1 of this year, over I hose carried on similur dates in 1885 and ISSb was some 10,000, and it speaks well for the elhcienc) of the manage meut und the zeal ot the ofheers that the whole of the vast traflic, comprising over 110 000 persons was handled without any but trifling mishaps Ihe returns are as follows - SPENCER STREET STATIOV Deo SI Sanlhurstand Eoliuca Gecloi g and Jiallamt North Eastern &lar;)l»oraui,li and Donald Eftgloh and Iieram, Goulburn lal Icy Portland and Diml oola Cawpirdown ni ti Queetia cliff VV illiamstown Essendon and loburt Pa-aengors. i C9 0 0 10 15 1 42 4 2 CO 10 8 OS 5 7 61 17 13 17 10 41 Totals 7 SOO ¡8 114 li 21o 7 4 11 1 i 10 8 ) 3 10 I 15 8j SrfcNCEIt STREET isTATIOV I Passengers. » Sandhurst aid Echuca. Goolong and Ballarat Ivorth Eastern Maryborough and Donald Eaglehawk and Iterant, Goulburn V al Io) Camperdown and Queens ulm VV Illiamstown Eesei don and Coburg 2 0(4 2,0o0 31)1 1 7 1 Obi' 1 SIS "30 3 1 10,1) 51,677 13 8 209 40 4 0 184 80 3 2 66 10 21 l8 6,765 3 492 83 13 X1 10 !24 820 2 440 13 6 HllNCtS U1UDQE bTATlON Uordhllootind 1 rankston Oafcleieh Lil) dalo Sale Totals 1 3021 3 0 171) 216 2,614 2 003 512: 0544 5 l8 X 40 13 3 120 K1 3 S3 12 8 7 12 ti 6 12 0 234 10 6 Mordialloonnd 1 rauknton Oal!lol|.h Lil) dalo 0 10111023 012 1200 8 123 1511 1 7-Ji IJI05 213 13 0 650 l8 8 00 0 0 253 7 2 202 11 3 1O03 11 2 llOSO 17 1 1» L1Î.DERS »TUEET STATIO" Tort 1 bourna Erithton fat. Kilda 3 "76 4 042| 6 06. 3 5131 6 03 JO J)] 82 17 «0 14 60 12 Tort 1 boumo BrLhtoii bt. Kilda Totals 12,10813 161 ¡10 l8" l8 07 0 Í9JU 458 ¡33 24044 530l 120 16 5 817 11 10 105 8 0 134 12 2 870 8 2 188 13 1 THE OPERA. "FAUST Ihe success of Mr Simonsen as tmpre cario is now established beyond doubt The public have been most cordial in their recog nition of the good quality of the entertain ment provided for them. Again on Saturday night the Alexandra Iheatre presented a fine appearance being Idled in all parts by an admiring and discriminative audience It is to be noticed now that the first effusive wel come of the artists is past that the audiences nre less inclined than formerly to interrupt the progress of the scenes by untimely applause-though they are none the less enthusiastic m showing their ap proval when the proper mement arrives Ihe performance gains treatl) h) this dis crimination both in savint ol time and cou tinuity ot action On Saturday night the performance finished near!) half au hour earlier than on the mtht preceding Hie second representation of ? I tust waa a notcwortb) and spirited performance All the suliont pointa were extremely well delivered each artist contribut- ing in fair detree to the perfection of the whole Hie air ' D10 del or, sung by faignor Buzzi waa received with unmeasured satisfaction and was euc »red So spirited, intelligent and thorcuthl) artistic a perlor manee as this of Mephistopheles bus not been surpassed in Melbourne and the high im portance oí the rile is n lrnirably maintained throughout. Signora lutliuvin as Mar Suerite, w us greatly admired her appe trance er acting and her s npnt being all that vv as needed to do full justice to the part. Hie carden scene was a most commendable per lormance in which all the principals were seen and heard to great advuutage 'Hie fine tenor solo, Salve dimora was sung by Signor Luzzanni with such sweetness and ?power as won the heart) approval of the vv hole house. 1 he climax of e ich scene was Íerfect and the name of Signor Cerne must e mentioned for the power and pathos imparted by him to the death of Valen tme ' There were many recalls throughout thoevcnint so that between the artists and the audience there was perfectly tood under »Unding, "l'nust will be repeated to night TUE THEATRES AND AMUSEMENTS All the places of nmuReinent were well patronised on Saturday night 'Hie music halls and the popular parts of all the theatres were packed with appreciative audiences, The greatest house was at the Theatre Kojal The accommodation was insufficient to admit all the would be patrons of " Robinson Crusoe,"and man) had to seek a night's enjoj - ment elsewhere Happily the choice was not limited At the Opera house "Little Jack Sheppard," which is as tunny as a panto mime nnd an enjo)ablc as a comic opera, attracted a great attendance, the dress circle being the enly place where a Beat could be obtained Miss Robina, Mr Brough, and Mr Royce worked with strenuous enercy to amuse tne audience, and were rewarded li) shouts of hearty and continuous laughter, which showed how successful tiley were The BIJOU 'lheatre was also crowded, nnd Mr George Darrell» Btirring drama "'Ihe New Bush" appears hkol) to have a long and prosperous run "The Mikado," at the Princess's Theatre, was pla)ed before nn admiring audience, mid visitors from the country, as well as tow ns folk who atti nded the new theatre for the lirsttime, werecharrned and delighted with nu elegant and handsome appointments, while the music and humour ol the opera were as well received as ever 1 he other places of amusement we»-e taxed to their utmost capacity '1 he Victoria hall was packed, and the entertainment provided proved a great huccess. In addition to "'lim Orand Car- nival of Venice," a spectacular produc- tion, with scenery by Messrs Grist nnd Little, fceveral seasonable novelties were presented i he Acromata Company, and the performances of biguor Sall, the Italian athlete, drew a full house, lit St George's Hall, where the charges for admission had ^ 'been reduced for the holidays The Pconle'a Concert nt the Temperance hnll attracted! n numerous gathering and the Minstrel Cum bl nation Seneraders met with due acknow ledgment lhere wai un avenge attendance at the organ recital m the 1 own hall, and the audience wau in a very appreciative mood throughout the w hole entertainment. Di Lynns cleur and mysterious peiform ancea were repe ited at the Athen cum hall, and were witnessed with the usu ii astonish- ment und admiration bj the audience I Ile vanishing bul) disappeared lu a vtr) rnpid and puzzling manner, and although sel eral ot thone present examined the stage flooring, in the hope of discovering u come mont trap door their curiosity remained unsatislied Dr Ljnn performed seicra! new and mysterious leats, all of which were verj surprising, and executed in an exceed- ing!) skillul mininer 1 hu Proteitnuji Alliance I ricmllj bocietj s .hristinns 1 estival at the 1 xhibiiiou building secured n good attend ance, mid its variety of attractions enter- tained its patrons pleasant!) DISPLAY OF riREWORKS. Between 15 000 and 20,000 persons assem bled on the East Melbourne Cricket ground on New Year's night to witness the third display ot firen orita by Mr James Pam Both the previous exhibitions had been BO good that another treat was expected, and the visitors were not disappointed Hie hour and a quarter which elapsed before the actual display began was win led away in promenading beneath the innumerable fes- toons of lanterns and coloured lights which swung overhead,mid covered the grand stand und paillions with various pretty devices.und in listening to tho admirable music of the Military Baud under the control of Mr Julius Herz. At -Ominutespast9, thecxhibitoncom menced, and was continued without cessa- tion, discharge following discharge in rapid succession lim uerial guns, the rockets, in nil their variety, the star charged shells, and the many revolving deuces were as elfectivc as before, as also were the devicea showing tho monkey gjm nust, the sacred white elephant, the "fiery cobras, ' and Aladdin s jewelled tree. Some of tliesedi.plujsweie very much improved by being raised 3lt or -lit. from the ground, so that the) weie seen in their entirety The greatest novelty ot the evening was a device showing the imisli for the Bagot Handicap, which was vor) cleverly carried out. Hie illumination showed the horses passing the tv inning post, with their colours up, and beneath were the names, m appropriate tints, "All Gold,' "Recall,' "Duration" Hie spectators cheered heartilyaa the outline of the picture stood out clear and distinct against the background of darkness "A Happy New Year to AU" was next blazed out, with an equally pretty effect lhe re- presentation ot the 1 ulla of Niagara was repeated, and then came Mr James Pain's chef Wa m 11; the bombardment of Alexan- dria A brilliant feu de joie cf rockets and sheila lollowed, and the admiring spectators were dismissed with ' God Save the Queen " The fourth display js announced to take place this evening, when many novelties aro promised, and the series will close with ex- hibitions on WedneBdaj and Saturday. TILE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS AND THE AQUARIUM lhe Zoological gardens proved highly at- tractive to holiday makers on New Years Day, several thousand V lsitora being present during the afternoon The recent improve- ments made ia the gardens and the additions to the stock of animals are evidently appre- ciated by the patrons of this popular resort. Although there was no Continental Concert on Saturday, all those present contrived to nmuse themselves in various wnjs, and many picnic parties Bpent the whole of the day in the gardens lhe Aqunnum-always a faiounte reaort with pleasure seekers at holiday time-met with nn unusually large ahure of public favour on New Year's afternoon und evening 'lhe large fernery which has recently been added to the attractions of the Aquarium is in great request among the visitors, especially in warm weather RACE MEETINGS VICTORIA RACING CLUB SUMMER MELUNG The Summer Meeting in connection with the Victoria Racing Club took place at riemingtou an Saturday, under auspi cious circumstances. Ihe day was fine and bright the rays of the summer Bun being tempered by a cool and refresh ing breeze from the south It was just such weather as everybody must have desired toenjo), and as was necessary to make the first great racing carnival of the new year a success. Hie attendance was therefore, very large. Ihe visitors began to arrive by road and rail early in the day The traflic by road was considerable The carnage paddock was filled with hand some equipages and it was evident that the favourable weather had induced many parties of visitors to indulge in the plea sures of the drive The railway service was excellent Iranís were run as rapidly as they were filled from half past 10 o clock ni the morning until 2 o clock in the alternoon and at hull past 2 and 3 o clock speci i) trams took up the late comers The influx ot passengers was steady and continuous lrom noon until about ¿ o clock, and all the trams were well filled It would be diflicult to estimate the number of persons who as Bembled on the course but the railway returns mid the receipts at the tates showed that there was a material increase as compared with last year Hie amount taken at the gates was tboS 2s bd as ngunst Í511 lils last year lickets of admission are issued at the booking ollice, and the amount taken there is invariably about double that received on the ground It is probable therefore that when the returns are made up it will be found that there is au increase of at least ¿300 which, in a calculation of this kind, is a considerable item HisLxcel lency the Go ernor arrive! nt halt pist 12 0 clock, accompanied by Lieutenant Balfour Captain Sturt and Captain Iradi uud was received by tnc secretary, Mr II B)ron Moore who has recovered from his recent illness. lhere was a large and fashionable assemblage of ladies und gentlemen in the trandstaud Ihe lawn vvasiugoo 1 condition, the truss being fresh and green an 1 the flower beds bntht with colour Hie scene with its Burruundints was gay and pictures jue and to the uccupunta oí tiie tran Island the afternoon proved a most enjojuble one. Hie improve menta to this portion of the tround had been completed aud were ft und to afford every convenience lhere waa no crowding with its consequent discomfort and the races weie seen to the best adviinti^e. Ihe caterer for tho refreshments generally wis Mr Straker During the alternoon the Aus trillan Military Band, under the direction ot Signor Zelmun, performed a pro tramme of mu;ic on the lawn Ihe Hill curried a larger number of spectators than nt any preceding summer mectint 1 he erection ot the stand h is added much to the attractions ol this part of the tround 1 rom its contour and attuntion it is n coitn of v antäte for sithtseers and noir that it pobsessts almost all the accommoda tion offered to visitors on the lawn it is evident that it is erowing in popularity 1 here has heen n marke 1 chante in the class of people who resort to it 1 amil) and picnic pirties are more numerous than betöre Uley lunch in the beautiful picnic groun 1 und find seats in the stand On the flat there was a lurte crowd of men and women and an arm) ot bookmakers t knit small beta and tivmt lone odis-a bal el of voices and tcnerally much bustle and animation At pievious mcctuifi it lins been the custom for the habitués of the Hat to make use of the course as a promenade between the races. As this was attended by some inconvenience to the officials in the conduct of the races, the committee decided to put a stop to the practice, and on Saturday the course VVIIB kept clear throughout tlie after noon, from the end of the lawn to the turu out of the straight at the western end. The police had no dilliculty m doing this, nnd the alteration wus found to be a great improve- ment, while the spectators on tile Uat were not placed at any disadvantage. The day's races atlorded capital sport to the spectators. The programme had been revised in a way that entirely changed the character of the meeting. Lust )ear the events comprised the time-honoured Nor- manby Stakes, the Standish Plate, the Hurdle Race, the Bagot Plate, the steeple- chase, the .Midsummer Handicap, and the Criterion Stakes. The cummiitee thought that this was not a Bufhcicntly interesting programme. They desired to make the summer meeting a popular one, and they therefore decided to introduce a race that should ni some respects rival the great race oi the year-the» Melbourne Cup. They eliminated the Midsummer Handicap, and altered the Bugot Plate, with its 300 sova. added money, trom a weight for age race to a handicap ot l'.OOO nova, added to a 10 aova. Biveepstakes. The COO sova. added to tile Standish Plate was reduced to 300 BOVÎ., and the £50 for the third horse was with- drawn, the race,. however, remaining a handicap. The effect ot this revision of the programme was apparent There were fuller tields, better races, and greater public interest excited in the events than at any former summer meeting, and Hie committee express themselves as being much gratified at the result Lust year only three horses started for the Bagot Plate, and in the preceding year Commotion had a walk over. On Saturday the number of starters was 21, and the race was a grand one. It was 1 markedly one incident, winch wits witnessed '"vans./ *v "-iii."^.-.";" , \'f with sorrow by the spectators, viz., the ac- cident to Commotion, tor there is no more popular horse on the Australian turf Ibis, however, was not the only noteworthy mci dert of biiturday's racing 1 he Hurdle race passed off without accident, but in the ¡steeplechase Curiosity fell at the first jump m the strmehl, and Lid) Ashton at the first of the stand trebli Lady Ashton waa the favourite, and up to this point Bhe had held the lead M Lend the jnckev, lind a mist} fall, and bruised the calf ot lils right leg ratner severely He, however, pluckily re mounted, ami went the whole of the course Curiosity lett bia rider on the ground, und went off alone along the conree Near the stonewall in the straight, he was brought up by a lad in tim crowd, who with an air of bravado proceeded to mount lum \\\ Hut the ruler's intention was then was not apparent, but as soon as he rounded the stonewall Curiosity as though with mallee mid aforethought made for the picket leuce fringing the course, n/ainst which the spectators nerd crowded, cleared it neatly, alighting in the narrow na) formed by a new second fence, and throwing his rider head over heels into the middle of the course lie then walked quietly away, and was led to the sheds Hie occurrence was witnessed bj every bodj, and caused great amusement Hie victim of elie horse's caprice retired dis comhted Curiosity was cut about the knees, but his injuries were not of ii serious nature 1 he race was thus rather an extraordinary one By the omission of the Midsummer Handi- cap irom the programme this jear, the number of items wus reduced from seven to six, and the Standish Handicap opened the racing matead of the Normanby Stakes Twenty one-exactly half the horses on the card-were taken in hand by Mr Watson William lell und Hogmanay were about equal favourites at 5 to 1, and Kohai had strong support at 7 to 1 lhe three placed horses occupied prominent positions from the fall of the ling, and finished within halt a length of each other, though William lell could have considerably increased the gap had there been any necessity for it. The Adelaide lilly Hortense, notwithstanding her 141b penalty, was so far above her halt dozen opponents in the Normanby Stakes in quality, that backers had to lay odds on Lscutcheon carried a little money nt 3 to 1 against lum, his supporters going on the off cnance that Hortense would repeat her performance of the previous Monday in the J uv eulie. Stakes at Caulfield Perhaps led the field tor a portion of the journey, but as tlicy entered the course proper tho fnvounte had joined issue, and bud the othera at her mercy. Escutcheon and Bedouin made a bold at- tempt to get up, but only clime within a length and a hull on sufierance 1 he Hurdle Race had eight starters out of l8 Blue Mountain was mstulled favourite alter the pen hud been run through the name of Mosstrooper, the secoua string to the Dowling l'orest bow, and before they saw the post the betting was 5 to 4 on lum Goodwood, Bonnie Lim, lhe Agent, and Revenge were also backed nt moderate prices, lhe favourite was among the first away, and continued at the head ot the held tor the first three quarters of a mile, when Scobie pulled him back to the ruck Whalebone carried on the running as they left the straight, and was joined by Bonnie Lad ulong the river side Passing the bridge Blue Mountain ran up to the leaders and en- tered the straight with Bonnie Lud and Whalebone , at the last hurdle he was a clear length in advance, and won in a canter Whalebone beut Goodwood on the post for Becond place, and the Caulfield winner of Monday passed Revenge in the last stride Scobie won the same ruce last jear on lnsolunt. Hie el eut of the day-the Bagot Handicap, of 1,000 sovs. had 21 starters, the same number us the Standish Plate A lar^e number of horses were backed AU Gold, after opening at 5 to 1, billilly closed at 3 to 1, taken freely. Silver- mine had also strong support tit 5 to L Offers of 100 to 1 were mnde agiunstSurdius without response Nothing looked better than All Gold, Duration, and Silvermine Commotion, who was heartily cheered by the spectators as ho walked down to the post, had the ser vices of \\\ ood instead of Power, his partner m many a hard fought con test The llig went down to an excellent start, tho first to show prominently being Boolka and Recall, Camerine, AU Gold, Claptrap, Lord Wilton, and Impulse were among the second division, and the rest together Alter they had tra- versed hull a mile the favourite and Came rino wcru racing side by side, and various chunges had taken place. Harvester bud lett the rear division and worked through, with Lord Wilton, to the heels of the leaders. Boolka, The Nun, The Lévite, Sardius ana Britisher were in a cluster, and Duration and Grace Darling brought up the rear. Round- ing the turn All Gold gave place to Harvester , Commotion, Impulse, and Metal dropped back, and Grace Darling was still behind the held AB they ran ulong the river side Wood took Commotion to the centre division, hut, in endeavouring to get through, two others closed on lum, and the veteran's shoulder was injured badly Harvester carried on the running paat the bridge a length in advance of Camerine. Hie favourite, going strong, was in n good posi- tion on the mils, third At the abattoirs 'lhe, Lévite carne through, and run up to the leading trio All Gold wus eased off, and passed by Lord Wilton and Recall At the sheds lhe Lévite had deposed Harvester, Camerine dropped back, and Duration gradually improving his position, set sail lor the leaders. Entering the straight the winner of hist years Standish Plate and Midsummer Handicap had his head m front, und with All Gold, Camerine (who came again), and Recall drew away from the others At the end of the lawn Gorry waa hard at the favourite, who was half a length in front of Duration when Recall, coming with a great rush, reached the girths ot the leader A creat struggle ensued between the turee, terminating m u naif length victory for AU Gold Duration tired in the last 20 yards, and was a length behind the other pair Hie Steeplechase was one of the most uninteresting as regards a contest ever seen at 1 lemington Lady Ashton, who went out ut the short price ot 2 to 1 in a held of seven, fell m iront ot the stand, and though remounted could not reach the leaders by a long distance at the tin lah Salesman and Letitia balked cirly lu the race, and the latter could not be induced to jump again until the others who stood up carno round the second time Curiosity lell at the firnt obstacle in the straight, and Lizette, Contingent, and Moonlight were the only competitors who cot round without mistake Lizette cantered in a winner by ¿00 jurds Letiuas number was run up for third place, but the error was rectified when it was discovered she had not gone the course, and as Contingent was a quarter of a mile away when Lizette passed the post, there was no third horse placed lhe day's sport was brought to a termination with the Criterion Stakes. Lacuttheon went out at 5 to 2 on, and never once gave his backers the eluhtest cause for alarm Occupying a good positon from tho lull of the nag, he won in a cauter bj four lengths. lhe following are the details of the racing - THE STANDISH HANDICAP, Ot 6 sois, euch with SOO added Second, 100 BO. s Ti)rco-<|uartors of a mile Mr S Miller s ch h V, tiliatn Toll by Kettledrum -nora u \ra Oat 61b (Olds) X Mr b Martlusbi. Hogmanay tí jrs 8st 81b, lu cludi g lb 1 ui alu (I o ver) 2 Mr ii Hunts bl o Kohal 4 ira 7at 01b, lu cluchi g It , unit} Mr M Laughlin ä lir h Sheet Anchor aged Ost. (1 allot) 0 Mr T Wilsons b h Coronet, aged, Sst 111b (^andora) 0 Mr O. b Agnews oh m louahontaa aged 80t. lb (Uutchena) 0 Mr \\\ L. DAK. n a oh h Quintín Matsop aged, Bit lib (hu jj 0 Mt- J i. IUldi) ch g The Ghost aged 7st lllb., carried bat lib (W.I lan») . 0 Mr J Nhittb K1 ainab m .Xantippe 6 j ra, 7et. 01b (Itauni.e) 0 Mr J Morrisonabo Don Glosan, 3 >rs, "fit 81b (t> Da.I<>) 0 Mr S Nati a 1 a oh m Straight Shot G y ra 7flt Bib <\WMntttM>ti) O Mr S O Looksbr m Marie Louise, 6 3 ra 7at, 61b. carried 7at. (lib (Broun) 0 Mr M Jooubaach 1 Sedition 4 yrs 7*t (Rod fyaru) 0 Mr L L- cmltha b or br Í Louise Berta S j ra, Ü t. lalb (Hho les) 0 Mr 1 Kennleoua b g Marou ey aged 6at lllb * (Gu)) 0 Mr J Crozier B fjun ) bl 0 Lara 3 y ra Cat, 01b (Simmons) 0 Mr W J clarkes bro Mcnotti, 3 yra Ost 01b carried Oat. lOlb (Bruce) 0 Catt J Haime*a bro liar.ester, * yra Gab 71b (Bonce) 0 Mr ¡j Gardner a bru Marool dan 4 yn GsL 71b , tarriod (fet. alix (Tomlin) 0 Mr J **cobea br o St Louis 3 yrs, Ost Gib (Gorr>) 0 Mr P Dowling nab or bro Itotort 3 )n> Git (O Connor) 0 Hcttine. -5 to 1 ocst \\\ Ulam Toll and Uounana} 7 toi aj»»t hohal 10 to 1 agat straight Shot, Har Tester and The Ghost. At the fall oí thL Ho» th-ej nero aent away toan excellent start. William Tell was qtiioktst to move with I ocahonta» next Maroondah was slew in get- ting away Wi en lair!} gun t, the Loloura of Quintin Mats p ¡3tra ght -bhot and edition in the centre «ere pramliiei t and crossing tho tan the ord r waa bed tion William Te ) bt. Lo tia and lho Ghost com it L. away very faut from tho second division Don G io van Ho-ma my Kohat a 11 the rest »aatterod acrois ti 0 course Inside tho distance HOL, I anay Joined the leader», and Wullara Tüll wer t half a Jer^th to the iront where the order « a-i \\\ Ultim Toll IIarve ter Hognana> within a length ot each other Kohai S tra 13 lit bhot D10 O hu ht. Monottl and Mieot Anchor almost in a llnv and LouUe Uerta driving them along A h und re 1 yards from the pout \\\ Ulm u Toll had Hie field beaten and hu wo 1 bj half a ltuiLth «ith the «rratost of *a*e. Kohal carne with a ru h at the fin ah an i «as only beaten by Uo"u at aj for anoond p ace b> a head Har\01 ter «aa fourth Convict fifth then caniil Menottt bedlUon Straight '.hot, bheot Anchor bt. Lou li Lomee Berta, And Maroondah laut, lime lm, 15Ja. THE NORMANBY BTAKL8 Of lO&o.a; each with 4X> added For 2 J ra old Second GO eove , and third 25 *o,a Five fur lonj,B. Mr a I Macdonald a I r f Hortense by Gani? ror ward-Joseph! it Oat 71b luoludii (, 1-ilb t>cna ti ((.auipbull) 1 Mr E. Witeh.lson'a b o Escutcheon by Musket Itoaetto 8 2 lion W, Pearsons Ir o lïeloulo by Darrlwcll Blaok Clpsv 8st 10 b (Wood) . S Mr J If Hill, b ( 1 crimps by Gang Forwarl lcradvonturo, Dut. Sib. including lUtb penalty (Quinn j 0 Mr It 0 Talbots ch o Lord Allen bj Napoleon intkatlvo SsU 101b (O Brien) 0 Mr is (Jardín rsbro Lo^aUbt. bv tho Marquis Lot M leeros« Sat, 101b (OaUmn) 0 Mr s G Cook« b * I leitriafcl hi tlio Drummer Melodv, Sst. 71b (louer) 0 Betting -5 lo 4 on Hortense 3 to 1 curst Escut cheon, 0 to 1 ngsfc lie Jon In 8 to 1 ag.t Liedertafel When tho flan went down the Hold \\\M III t-plendl I Uno and with tho exception of Bedouin aU move. Fiimiltnncouslj Tho latter was half a length behm 1 in cottiiitj away 1 icdertafcl au I Perhaps led tho others for 60 \ arila nnd wero followed by Horttme Kscutchion I ord Allen and Bclouln At tho tan crowing f orliaj s liad a leti-th ndv -in ta tro of I icder tafo. Next to tho pair \us tho fnrourito and Kscutchoon, who had b on about tho contre dropped back to the roar position Bef ro thej reacht i tho course proper Perhaps and llortct.se wero together with 1 ojal! t noxt and then carno Lscutcheon who had worked up on the out.I le, Bedouin and Llodortafo) At the dlstanco tho favourlto waa a clear length In ni.unce, with Bciloiihi nnd Perhaps In compinj nnd 1 ord Allon and I o\ allât dropped baok last lnsldo tho dlstanco, tho order was Hortense, Perhaps Lord Allen, Bedouin, "«cutchoon, and Lo) allst. Lord Allen ma lo a nah but immediately after \ ords died aw a) Escutcheon moved up, and Bedouin se* to work to cut down tho leider but sha cania awaj an I won In a tauter bj n len if th on 1 a half Its uteheon was socond and Bedouin third half a length awa\ Ihcncamo Lord Al on who passed Perhaps on tho post Liedertafel and Loralist last Tinto lm 4)s HUllULE It.OE Of 5 sovs each with 200 addol second, 60 sovs About two milos Mr J acollo s bl h Uluo Mountain, by Croagh Patrick-Mountain Maid G J », list sib (Owner) 1 Mr J B Gill s b or br g \V1 alobone. nj-od, Oat. (Williams) 2 Mr T Jones s b g Goodwood aped Oat. Dib, in eluding171b penalty (Anderson) 8 lion W A Laiium.li hlho Ae.cut,aged, 12st Bib (Corrigan) 0 Mr II Connolly us b Q Bonnlo Lad, i j ra lObi, (Gardiner) 0 Mr M Miloo 8 br c Kcvcngo, aged, Ost 121b (Batty) 0 Mr A Daviee'e oh g Louis 65« Oat Gib (D O Brien) ., 0 Mr M P Chittys b m Mooka!, Gjrs Ost 41b. (M Leod) . 0 Butti ni, -f> to 4 on BI110 Mountain 4 to 1 agst Goodwood G to 1 ogs t Bon mo Lad, 7 to 1 agst The A*, cut and Uovoturo Ino stirt took plneo opposite tho abattoirs and who» tlicy were despatched on their Joumo) Louis tiivd Uluo Mountain wera first to make play before thej had reached tho first hurdlo Uluo Mountain and Bot nie Lad waru in front with Louis Goodwood KoACiH-e The Ae.ent, Whalebono lu the order named and Mooibal last At tho turn the positions were v en similar Bonnie Lad jumping wide Uluo Motin tain led o\er tho first hurdlo in tho straight with Bonnlo Lad and 1 oula on his quarter, W tia!ebon0 and lhe Agent heading tho soeond division and tho others in tnu rear oloslng up 1 asainj. tlio stat d tho order was Blue Mountain half a length in front of Bonnie Lad Louis Iho A (rent, the oth is together, and Mooibal still last. Leaving thei-trah-ht W hivlebono wau talton to the front and cayied the fiold along at 1 a very Blow 1 ace Scobie took a pull at Uluo Mountain and ho come back to tho rear division amonj, whom u ero Tho A,, em. M 00 li, ni and i(o.enj-o Atongthorlver elie Bonnie Led hold a sliuht advantage mid wa. followed bv Whalebone Louis Blue Mountain Iho Agont, and Goodwood together, and Mooibal again last At the bridge tho favourite was takenup to Bonnlo Lad And lhe Agent moved up to Louis who was runt ln¿ third Along the baok tho same order was maintained At tho abattoirs Donnie Lad held a three lengths advantage over Bluo Mountain and Whalebone had run np to Tho Agent and Louis Entering the straight Bon n io Lad Jumping well wai slightly in ad\anco of BIue'Mountaln Whait.bono had taken third position an 1 the 0thors closed up the four lengths ifan that eupanted tl1_.11. from tho leaders At tho last hurdlo the favourite was a clear length In front of the field and co mint, on tt0" In the commonest of cantors b> a let gth Whalebono oatno \ory fast, and boat Goodwood b> a hca 1 Then caroo Revc'uge Bonnie lad lhe A_ent, Louis, and Moo _ol last Tim. 4m .Js. TUB BAGOT HANDICAP, Of 10 sois each with 1,000 added second, 200 BOVS. and third, 100 BOVS. ODO mile and a half and a furlong air S Martin s ch 0 All Gold, by In Odo!-Golden Locks 4 vrs 7Bt (Gorrj) 1 Mr Ii. Orrs b olccall, 4jrs, 7st. 71b, Including 1 71b penalty (Power) 2 I Mr J Crippj'a bl a Duration, t) vrs, HBU Dib. (Brown) S lion tt 1 carson s b h Commotion, aged, O.t 01b I (Wood) 0 . Mr b ¡Nathans b h Sard ¡us, 0 its, Sit 111b (W11 Itamson) » 0 I Mr J Q Hells oh ni Groco Darling, U3ra. 8at. 1 lill) (J Williams) 0 Mr H U. ralklner's blor ghEUvermtno, 5 yrat I Sst 81b (Tra han) 0 Mr M Loughlins b g Britisher, a_ed, Ssb. 71b I (tallon) 0 I Mr IL K Maitland s b b Meteor. 6 yr_, Sst 31b (O Brien) 0 Mr M Jacobs s b h Rutui Byra Sst. 21b (Mooro) 0 Mr K \\\ Lilis sehn Lord Wilton, Oyrs 8nfe. 21b (San 1er.) 0 Mr b. Miller's br h Boolka aged Sat (Olds) 0 Mr -I1 Whittingham, b h Claptrap nned, 7st Olb (Hamaco) 0 Mr G Ua\lss b ni Camerino aged 7st 71b (D WillUma) -. 0 Mr W D RoDoraon's bf Tholen, .jr., 7t¡t. 51b (riddes) 0 Mr C L. Macdonalds bhTho Levitt, aged 7st. lib (O Connor) 0 Mr M Jacobs Biir h Metal, & yrs, tot. 81b (Bed .carn) 0 SIrW J CTorko a bro Fish o* SiUcr. lyre, 6st Sib.1 (Tomlin) 0 Mr J Haïmes s bro Han ester 4jrá 6st (Dence) 0 Mr S. Millers b ra Impulso, agod ÜaL (at. John) 0 Mr b Gardiners bro Shark, 3 jr. Oat., carried Out. 41b (Oiusland) 0 Betting -8 to 1 (at first 6 to 1) agst All Gold 6 to 1 i a"8t Silvermine 8 to 1 aj,st Lord Wilton at d Tho Min 10 to 1 ng.t Commotion, Grace Darling, 1 Britcher Camerine,ana llecall, 12 toiafestDuration and Claptrap Xwenty 0110 out of the 27 wont down to the post and when the starter took them In h&i; d Camerino and Recall were together on tho rails Claptrap and Commotion about the centro and Shark and Iho Lo,Ko on tho extreme outside After ono break away the flag fell to an ex oil en t Btart. Boolka and llecall wero the first to make play followed by Came rino All Gold Claptrap Lord Wilton. Impulse tho others in a Uno and Grao» Darling laBt. As tho¿ j fiB.e 1 the stand Lamerine and All Gold wero running fildoly.ido Lord Wilton third Harvester, The Nun Boolka Iho Leute Commotion Snrdius, an 1 Britisher, and Duration and Grato Darling together last. leaving theBtral.ht, Camerino and Uaivaitter wero topother All Gold on their quarter. Lord Wilton, ¡silvermine Shark, and Snrdius almost In a line and two lengths sei amtlng the.o from Impulso and Mutai Commotion and Once Darling bringing up tho rear In this order thor ran along tho river to tho bridge where Com motion collided with t» 0 other horses, and so severely Injured himself that ho dropped down At the bridge Harvester was In front having for his attendants Camerino and All Gold , thon carno Lord Wilton Silvermine, and the others within a fow lengths of each other closlmr up. Passing tho at attolrs Harvester wau still at tho head of the fluid Tho L.vitü carno from tho ruck and ran up to tho levier nott came Lord W LLton Uecali All Gold Duration, bhark and Boolka, At tho sheds Iho I evite had a lead of a eloar length ilnrvo.tor an I All Gold next ai d before tho turu was reaoho. Duration rushed up to Second place Half a milo from home lhe Lévite was mo.t promi notit with Hecall next him Duration and Uritlsher on tho rails wero together All Gold Camerino, Meteor Silvermine, Harvester and MctaMollowcd In tho order named and Sanllm had dropp«l to tho rear As they swept into the straight Duration hada , slight advantage over All Gold and Cann rino llecall was uoxt in tho centre then carno Lord Wilton and ' the others b giimlni. to tall off Inside the distance tho favourlto challenged Duration, and catcliim. him at every stride wai half a length in front at tho end of ttie lawn At this point li_call came with a great rush and a splendid llnibh resulted In favour of All Gull bv half a length from Itocall 0, length separating Duration from tho Ballarat horse Orate Darling was fourth then carne Can trine Harvester, Claptrap impulse Mlvermlno Meteor ant tho Jost four wero Ino Lcvito, bardius, llufuu and Shark, limo, ¿ra -3.8 STrEPLEOIIASP, Of G sovs. each with SOO added necond GO sovs. and third *25sova About two mites and a half Mr S Martin s b ra Llzotto, by llferotlvph a_od, 12st lib (B.ttj) 1 Mr J M Grade s brg Moonlight, BJ.ed, Oat, 121b (Allen) 2 lion W Pearson s b ra Lad,) Ashton, aged, 12st Sib (lil Leod) 0 Mr J L. Cloughs b g Contingent, n^ed, list 21b (Corrigan) » 0 Mr J M Donald «bra Letitia, aged lo.t 111b. (Floyd) 0 Mr W A Menzies ro g Curiosity, aged, lOst Gib. ming) .. 0 Mr W S Cox s (jun) bp; Salesman agod, Dit 71b (Ovner) 0 Betting-2 to 1 agst Lady Ashton S toi agst Lizetto 6 to 1 0(..t Cn rio illy Seven out of tne dozen on tho oirtl started for the Steep echts* La ly Ashton the favorito was first to commence, and was followed by Curiosity Letitia Moonlight Con tinrent Lizette and '-»ate man As they pas ed thß abattoirs Lady Ash to i wai three lengths In front of Llretto Curiosity and Contingent wera In company and Moonlight droipel hoik tost. Passing the sheds La l\ Ashto 1 Incr vse I her leal to a dosen lengths the next f 1 co caused ^aleeman to balk and Letitia aUo relu . 1 ib.. first 11 tho straight Irouehtdown C irlo"tj La l> Ashton still carried 011 the runni g a hnn I red jnrds In trout oí Liiettu a 11 Contu «ent with Moonlight GO >ardi I chin 1 the latter La ly Ashton carno down hcavllj at ti 0 ntcund of the trcbtu In trant of the stand lea vii g Litt tte with a Ion;, Itatl At ii tenais of -JO >ards Co itinrtent au 1 ti oonllght toiled on aid after l\ in aérons M I tod s legs yoi je second« I aüj Aul ton wai remounted and set off In ) limul t 11 c four bor.ts were statttro 1 at various 1 o itions roun 1 tile course an I after a most unintercttlt t, race lizette cantered in a wini er Moonlight \ as second und 1 o third hor=o ulaeud Tuno 6ui l^ls. TIIL CltlTFItlON STAKFB Of 5 sen9 each with l&Oaddcl; For Uo }car olds Jhree quarter of a mile Mr P Mitchelaons br 0 hsouteheon by Musket -Itoaetto 7st 3ll (Ivlmj) 1 Mr S. Miller s br f li W1'. 7st 21b (Turuct) 2 Mr L L. Smith s b g Jpcurean bsL 101b (0 Brien) S Mr J Haine., br c Albert Loddon 7st. \01b (Brow 11) 0 Mr t> Grimwood s br c Ormonde "nt dib (0 Connor) 0 Mr S Uor-fall s b c St Michael tU 121b (Red fearn) 0 Hajn W 1 oarrau s b c Citadel Ost, Sill carried lint, Olb (Ithodcc) 0 Mr S Gardltors b 0 loyalist Ost Slo (M Caus land) 0 IÎLttlng- 6 to 2 on f.cutoloon, 0 to 1 ogst Kpî ourcan, 10 to 1 a ii ut any other The last race of the dnv hail a fiel 1 of elf,ht run* nors who wero desj atolied to a fair.) even sturt. Xho colour« ot lingara an I f-(icuroan wero the m oit prominent when the tUi, H dit down Citadel on tho rails next an i St Micha 1 aid I oj allst last. Crow sing the tan the two first ti nine 1 nd the favourite wero in close co mp it t> Ormonde and Albert f^oddon toicttier and the otters within a lent, t h of eaoh othtr I libido the course proiter Fbcutahcan had a half length advanUgo of fc.) i.uroau lingara was a ?itnil r d mun to behln 1 I-picurean Then otinio Albert Loddon J»t Michael Ortnordo and Lo>alUt three length* astern of cverj tiling last At the dis tance the favourite caine awaj and hal the field beaton at ti e lawn Com Lu g ou tim fine sou of Musket won as ho lllced hy foir loiU- tlts Pingara beat h| ietireati ly half a length aid then uame Albert Loddun St, Mitluol, Citadel, Oruioado and LovalUt Time Ira 20¿e. Below a te the amounts of Btakes won at the mectint' - Mr S Martin - HrstUauot 1 Vusllcan ., . £1018 llrstbtoopioel Vtse .. . 282 bccoud Standls V Handicap " " 100 -£1410 Mr Otil Bonni \ Mrst >ormanb) Xatoa - ... » Gil Mr b Miller P rat ¡»tai tliah Um limp - ~ £463 Second Criterion St Vina . - _ li Mr I. Vtitchcl on 1 irst Criterion blakes - .. . £802 Second Itoriuauby btak la u .. 50 Sir J "¡cobie Tint Hurdle Race _'__.. Mr It Orr beoond ßai^it Handicap M _ M Mr J Cripps llilrd Buot Handicap M ... M - Mr J 11 Clll- * Second Hurdle- Itaco «. H\ . M - Mr J VI Grade bQuontl Stcoptcchaso ... _ H .. lion IV lennon Third >ortnanbyStAkea - . Total . . JC: SYDNEY lAnrKSAliL'S CIi»UB SUJIHElt MLLIING [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (tuon Ouït COIIU,ESI»ONDEHT ) SYDNEY, SUNDVT. Tattersalls Club annual race meeting com menced on New Year's Day at Randwick, and «aa eminently successful in every s»e spect the weather heing beautifully Tine. 1 he attendance was a large one, l8 000 people being present, including the Governor and Lady Carrington lor the Uurdlo Race, Unique and Balmoral were most ni demand John Brown made the running, but the race waa over half a mile from home when Balmoral ran up to his horses, and outpacing them won easily Ihe Dying Handicap proved an open affair, the winner turning up in a rank outsider, who left the paddocU quite fnen Hess. Hie result upset lnnumer able doubles and waa the commencement series of disasters to public favourites 'Xoronto was so freely supported by his stable and the public tliat he was made a warm favourite tor the Selling Race hut he was in aad trouble at the home turn, and finished laut. Only a dozen went out for lattersall s Cup The Jewel being struck out on the course, which caused a chante in the betting Dagobert became weaker, and M)all King ruled as favou-ite. Later on Brown and Rose hardened to 3 to 1 Most of the work was cut out by Lord of the Lake vhen Myall King carne at the turn but quite failed to Btii) and melted away, leaving Brown and Kose, 'loin Brown, and llie.ii land Mary to battle out the contest. J oin Brown, having a better position than the mine, beat ner cleverly at the finish Hie winner, who lina won the lattersall a Cup for the second time, was not thought to be so fit as the majority ot the btnrters, but was nicely handled hy Llhs and the win ma) bo credited to Ins superior stajmg quaht) Had M Grade lived he would have had the mount. Hie lady Carrington Plate waa thoutht to be a good thing for Huntingtower but Moorhouse caught lum in the run home, and won rather cleverly bomothinggiilloped on to Huntingtower Boon after blurting and injured his off flock, which may have interfered with his running Stanley won the Ladies' Bracelet easil), ex liibiting rare pace for such an ordinary look ing horse Ihe following aro the details of the racing - nilllDLE BACK Of 3 aova each, v. itli 1&0 sova added , accond, 25 aova Tu o mile* and a quarter Mr Vf Miller a h g Balmoral by Winchelsea mack Bess aecd 12st 71b (lietan) Mr Cameron ns br g Uulquo, aged, lost 51b (Malone) . . .... Mr J 1 lulipa na br g Deception, aged, Oat 51b (C Philips) Mr W. E. Floyd's b g Round, 4 yrs, 11st. 5lb (Keighran) Mr J Coxsbr m Soolot), 6 ) ra lOrt. 71b (Chino) Mr J v. coman a oh m Carissiinu, ated, 10st 81b (MuKireridee) Mr li 1' Huberts 8 b g infiernan, aged, Sat. 71b , carried Oat Ulb (Hendrick) Mr O M IJOULIIIIO a oil g Gobollon, G yrs, Oat 51b (Uoilliitborry) Dr taylor a b g houtman 5) ra, Oat. 51b (linger. mu) Mr UF SachBbrh)?alaromia,0)ra, Ost 31b (M. bkchan) Mr h. Terry a br g John llrown, 0 yra, Ost 81b (Mason) . Mr h Kc)s'sblgThoCrow,6yra Oat (Butta) Hotting - 8 to 1 ag6t Unique 4 to 1 aKst Balmoral, 6 to 1 airst Bound 7 to 1 n"st ltifleinan Klflcman and Deception eot bent away but Gobo lion quickly took up tho ruuuliu and ho kept in front to thd back of tile courue where hu was su)|1antui b) John Brown The latter led up tho hill anil into thOBtrntulltaud pa t tho stand followed I) IJucoptlan a length awn), and Qobollon hundint, the others Carissiuia struck a burilo at cutts a very heavily au 1 lloitman full at the far sida of tho course Balmoral improving his i osition lol lotted John Brown and Dutei tío i up the hill Uniquo being tloxt Balmoral mil Uulquo htndc 1 ttieir horsta in the bund and llulnioriil anno tip and won cosily b) three lenttns Ducoi tion 10 lentthsoM third Bouud full at tho last lenco limo 4m 29a. Ï11L FLUNQ HANDICAP, cault willi 150 sots, added Second 25 sots, bix turiongs Mr VV Duggan na ch t 1 rlneii ltcuent, 4 )rs, Cat (Bruche) j lion II C Hangar abo Kaoul S yra 7at 01b (tills) Mr W J torreaior'a ch in Folly 5 yra, 8st, Sib (Gallatthar) Mr VV holsoabrgFalailln 5 yrs 8«t 71b (Kelso) Mr J Korra ch g Vlotory, 4 yrs 7et 121b (¡tor rlker) Mr D Cameron na ch g Soldier's Ho), aged, 7st 71b (Steepor) Mr J Harper's (Jua ) oil c Albanus 4 ) rs "st 71b (T Smith) Mr \V Forrostera b o Ualo)on, 8 j ti, 7st 51b (J Gough) Mr J Monaghan na b I Astroa, « ) ra, 7st 51b (Curran) Mr J li) ko» s gr g Murrurundi 5 yra, "st 51b (Skeehnn) , .. Mr W Kolsoachgltcorult aired, 7st 51b (rielder) Mr T Browns b g Glen Milli, 0) ra 7st 81b lion J KolesachoKmoraU,8)ra, 7at (0. Gough) l.ottlo, 7st (Huxley) Mr O OibornaabfQuconaüwn, 4)ra Ost. 121b (11 Oratb) Messrs W and J Leo a oh f Marr) Duchess, 4 yrs, Oak 121b (Flanagan) Tho Boss 0« 71b (bid)) "ilr A I oader a b I Lady Marion, 8 ) ra Oat. 31b (O Keele) Aurella, list (Stono) Mr li Cameron ns br f Tuscarora, S yra, Oat. (I onglord) Seclusion Ost (Kano) Mr r Sampson a br g Jercm) Dlddler, & yra, 6st (Areall) Betting -5 to 1 agst \ fctort, 0 to 1 each agst Itaoul and 1 he Bass 7 to 1 utst Paladin, 8 to 1 at,st bol dicr s Boy nud Alhanu? Victory and laladin itero bcatoff toabadatort and the) farced the pace to illa home turu attended by Lady Marion I mice ltogeht, and Astrosa, Turn ing for homo Prince Keecnt appeared in front, and defeated Itaoul by alonir ueck, folly a good tbird Time, lue 10s THF SBLLINO nAOh, O! 200 8010 A\ inner to bo sold for 125 sovs VVeltht for ano One milo and one furlonir Mr J DyWs b g Tauich a Balla.h, by Cal titator -rrlrolitf, 6 )rs (Huxlc)) Hon W A. Long's b o Lord Coohranc, 4- )rs (Campbell) Peter (.0 Keeto) llebellion(Kilr)) Spoilt Cb« I (Holder) Wanda (Si Cahon) Toronto (Awle, lho Mule (Driscoll) Betting -0 to 4 agat Toronto, 6 to 2 »gat Spoilt Child 5 fo 1 »ist 1 aim 11 a Bnllofch M anda jumpo 1 off in frone from a good start, but Sitt or »mu 1 urti Couhrano quickly headed her Tho latter hut I ndtvntaeo to the liaiauco where Faugh a Ballacli eut lui i down and won by half A Ien0th, btguor, two luiiiitha oil third. Time lm 57s. TvrTFiisALi a or un CUP, OtGQOaots an 110 sovs each Tith a cup taino 100 (the tilt of Mr 1 ( Icmster), scoond, 50 _ tlird »Osovs ltvo mira Mr C J Lrookeliriuii a br h To n Brown by halpio -Uni i) lliouuht 0)rs Sat 2lb (tills) Mr A F bmnrts ch m Bruwn and Kose 6 )rs, tai. 1211 (O Couth) 2 Mr J Ma)oschmUii,hlindMar)l5)ra Ost 101b (M Grath) 8 Mr 1- haeurt h t Industr) 4 jrs 8ít 01b (Kelso) 0 Mr r Itorya b t Lancer, 0 )rs 7et 81b (F bmltli) 0 Mr IV J lorrtwtora br li Datrobert 6 yra, 7st 71b 1 icln Iltur 71b innalt) (Sttqwr) 0 Mr I) Lawson uhr It I Irat Demon li) ra, Oat 101b (Campbell) 0 Itcolvc 4) rs Cst 81b (Ficldoi) 0 Mr 1 Kujssbh I ord of the Uko aged Ost 41b (O Wilson) 0 lion J 1»alcas lrt M)all King, 4 yrs, Cst 21b (C Gou"h) 0 Blue Blood 3 j rs 0 t carried Ost 31b (Stono) 0 Mr Í. B Kow lo) s b o Kille bhot 4 1rs «at (Ar lo) 0 BLI in* -J to 1 ae t Brown an 1 itoso 4 to 1 Myall Hine 5 to 1 Dairol ert 0 to 1 ltcsolie 12 to 1 Tom Bro t n and Hi bland Mar) I rom a pood start 1-nncur and Hightan i Mary first piloted ii fr nt but Lord of thu I ako Boon a«stimed ooiniii m 1 a 11 ho led uj tho hill dot ly attente 1 bv Ulehlan t Mar) and M)ull Kiuir lju cer a id First Demon next lorn Bro vn last lho leaders closed up on inlLrlne tile straight. Lor I of tho Lake led paHt thu ntat d b) a let atU Tho pace lap to this point 1ml nut bein fast but now improved and M)ali Hu t.oit" up to II uhland Mart tot within a Icnuth of the lea lor at Cutts« but I ore of the 1 a«u aLaiii stretching aw a) lod alont the lack of tho tourso b) tto lonyths with M)ali hint, nexr ililli e linrd an I Highland Mar) two IcnLrhaatvat an 1 thon First Dtmci, Lancer Kcsolto with Industry titi) ne oft M)all hint/ btgan to rloso upon tho leader headed lilrxi at the half nillo {lost and a vet t rout d the bend a length In trout of Highland Mary ti hen fairly In the Uno for honit olio made her elTort, and catching ii) all hile el o looked liku winning Half way up the straleht Brown mil I ose aid lorn Brown next tho rails clo*e I upon lur when a great raco onsutd Ilic.1 la 11 Miry was first to cn cnou»rli leaving the other ) iir to llLbt It rut Tom Urn» ii a stoutness showed to adiantajio at Uio fill! h and ho vron a groat roeo clever y h) a Ici nth and a quoi ter from Brown and BOBO Highland Mar) waa a couple of lenirths off thir I follow dnlonulh awarbyM)all Kinmond Uauohtrt fo r lentfths from whom carno Lord ol tlio Lake thon i'lrst llcniou Hcsolve Lancer, Blue Blood ludustry, and ltlllcsbot Time. 3ui S2i« TUE LADT CAIlllINOTON TLATE, OI 500 anvs and 10 sovs each. (For two-year olds ) Second, 100 sovs. third 50 aovs. Five fur longa lion W A LonttB br o Moorhouse by Moor tborpo-Geraldine, 8st 71b (Colley) -. "1 lion J White's oh o Abereorn by Chester-Cin- namon, Ost, including 71b penalt) (Hales) .. 8 Hon II a Dongara b o Locksley, 8st 71b (Kelso) .. . .0 Mr D J Campbcll'a br o Stock« eil, Sit 71b. (Gallagher) 0 Mr S. A Blaol man s ch f lill«) Bee 8st 41b . 0 Mr W It, Corns a b f Corinna, bat 41b. (J Gough . 0 Ion J White's b f Portumo Bit 41b (Bowes) . 0 Lord Carrington a b ( Lspornuco, Sst 41b (Nor rlkcr) _ .. 0 Betting -lOto 0 agit Huntingtower, 2 to 1 Abor corn, 5 to 1 Perfumo 7 to 1 Moorhouse Lapornncu was kit at the poBt through turrung round Just as the fin.; till Busy Beo was first aweiv, and Huntingtower and i crfunio led into tho straight with Huntluetower in front, but Moothouao eot up on tho inside, half wa) up tiio distanoe, and ho eettlod hint in a few Btridcs and won by a length, Aburcorn llnUhiiig on Ilttiitlngtower'a girths, then como Perfumo, Bus) Bee, and btockwell Time, Hu 3s. Tnp IADIES' nnvohiET, Of 125 sovs. for winner, seooud, 20 eora. Ouo nillo btanlo), lost 81h (Mr Ma)o) . " _ 1 Uppercut, liât (Mr Cornwell) . . "2 Aga, list 71b (Mr Bloomfield) .. .. " Irollo, llBt lllb (Mr k. M ltO)d) . Italubotv, list (Mr Benson). Ooldlako, lost 121b (Mr Matthew») . UoldOndor lOst 1011) (Mr Lamond) Maid of the Lako lOst 101b (Mr Acraman) Tristan, lost 1 lib (Mr Gallagher) txploror lost lllb (Ulla) Presentation lOst. 01b (Muggcrldto) Sir Garnet, lOst (Mr Gospor).0 Howlong lOst 5IIJ (Kelso) . " - 0 Odd btotktng, lost 31b (Clune) .. .. .. 0 Poll) list 71b (Mr Anthony) .. .. "0 Hoilioltulo Uit 71b , .. ..0 Lorraine Oat Oil). (Ma. Hallo)) .. .. 0 Jester Ust 71b. (Mr Arnold) .. 0 Pearl Bay, 0»t 7lb (Mr Kuddcll) . . 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Aga, 5 to 1 Maid of tho Lake, 0 tolFrollc 7 to 1 Stanle) \\\ hen tho ¡lag fell nail tho ridera did not appear to kviowlt and thought itwa3afal*ostart, and the) lett tiMpost at Intervals Upper Cut and explorer led up ¿o tho homo turn, where btanloy como out, and It» »ton without au otlort by four lengths Timo, lm 4(S'a. _ SYDNEY, SUNDAY The following horses ore left in the» Carnng ton btnKVs, to ho run to morrow -Ben Bolt, Industry, Honwdew, Cairo, Tom Brown, Ciieshan, C»o/o, keith Lancer, Silver King, Hexham, Kjtaua Kathleen, Yellow lacket, Telón, Queeu's Own, Here a Luck, Dagobert, Richmond, Highland Mary, Leichardt, Sorolhi Upptvr Gut, Lord of the J ake, boldier s \\\ uni, Coroban, Bertram, Victory, Myall King, Lniernld Merry Duchess, lillie shot, Prescnta'ioYi, Blue Blood, Raoul Raoul was backvd pretty heavily last night tor the Garnnnton btakia, all the money at 7 to 1 being taken Later on, 6 to 1 waa offered frcel) Highland Mary was backetl considerably nt 100 to 15 500 to 60 was taken at about Tom Brown, and Sorel hi was supported at 100 to 8 COUNTRY EACE MEETINGS (Br TLLEORAPH THOM OUR CORRESPONDENTS ) LAL LAL FALLS TURr CLUB BALLARAT, SATURDAY Hie annual meeting of the Lal Lal Talla Turf Club, held on New Year's Da), was largely attended It is computed that about 30,000 persons congregated around tile raevs course, over 10,000 going from Ballarat li) special trains alone Hie meeting was mont buccesstul, and the improvements recently effected by the club, including the new grand stand and lawn woe highly appreciated Mr Jus lamiin-k wns judte, und Mr ThoB Cahir starter Jlie Cup, which brought out lOsttirters, was won alter a good race, by Marque, steered by young Howie ihe resulta ure appended: Trial Stake» of 15 sots About ono mito-at llulicrs 1 Tempest ¿ Chovorl), 1 Uurdlo Haoe of40aots Al out two miles-Barnc), Ost Ulb , 1 , Ava Ost 1011) 2, Colae», Ost 101b , » Selling Flat I aeo, of 20 sovs Uno nido and a quar ter-Idalia 1 Adi li io, 2 , Laplcudo, 3. Thu winner was bought in for £25 turf club cup, ol 50 BOVS Ono milo and a half Marquo, 7st 71b , 1, All Black, 7st, 2 , Tempest, Ost 41b, 8 Timo, 2m 43a Handicap lrot, ol 10 Bova About thrco milos Maude, 1, Wooroonooko, 2 , Lachlan 3 Selling Hat, ot 15 sots blx iurlonga-Miller, 1, Adeline, 2, r»clllo, 3 lho wiunor waa bought for £23 10a. _ BULN BULN TURF CLUB DROUIN, SATUBDAY Maldon Plato, of 10 aove., ono milo.-Palmaria, 1, Jean 2 Brown ltoso, J 1 ourtocu ran I» armer* Purso, of 10 BOVB.-Kcnown, 1, Happv Jack, 2 Achilles 3. Fourteen ran Hurdle Raco of 25 aove, two mites -Concord 1, Drouin, 2 , Aohillos 3 beven ran Buln Buln Cup of 31 sovs , two miles - Bluo Bell, I, Grenadier 2 , Mewburn, 8 Mno ran Trotting Itaco - Orphan Girl, 1 Jerry, 2 , Josa 3. Distnot Handicap, of Li Bots -bolim, 1 , Palmarla, 2 Kcnown 3 Iwelvoran Handicap btcoplcchoso of 20 sots two milo* - Drouin, 1, Brownlock, 2, Disturbance, 8 Eight milo.-Young Sam, 1, BEECHWORra, SATOUDAT Maldon Plato-Peuelopo, 1, Doefoot, 2, Chaso awa), 8 Flvo ran flying Handicap eix furlongs -Donald, 1, lizgig, 2\. Umu, lui. 20Js bevon ran ï»etv \ car a Day Handicap one milo and a quarter -lUvcnstoin, 1, hly, 2, Aslibrtton, 3 Timo, 2ni 15s Sol on ran Hurdle Itaco ono mtlo and a half -Donor, 1, Mystery, 2, bhauthraun, 8 lour ran Time, 8m. Sa. Town Plate ono mile -Fly 1, ABhbrlton, S, Jurassio, 8 beven ran Timo, Im 47|8. Indies Braoolot, flvo iurlonga.-Donalf1,1, Havan stell», 2 , Larrikin 3 Ten ran Final nutter-M)Stcr)i 1 » FI)i 2. Peuelopo, 8. COLERAINE RACING CLUB. COLL HAINE, SATURDAY Malden Plate-Goldsmith sst 121b, 1, Lady Frances, Oat, 2 Teleutiga bat 12tb 3. Malden Uurdlo Boco -Itockot lOat lllb, 1, Peppora Minerva, lOsu 71b, 2, MLeaus Minerva. 10»t 71b-, J Open Handicap -Ballarat lOst, 1, Midnight, Sst. 51b , 2 Warrigal. 7st 71b , 8 belling Unco.-Dou Alouzo, 8st 121b , 1, Friar, Sat 121b 2 , Lad) 1» »noca. 8 Amateur Knee.-t-edaiation lOst 01b, 1, Robin Hoad, lost 101b , 2 Rulos, lise 71b 3 Uurdlo Hace.-Primate, t, itufus, f Two i SUkes divided Hack Kaoo -Friar 1, Beeswing, 2, Lalogo, 3 Final Flutter-Federation Ost 71b, 1, ¡locket, Oat 71b , 2, Porch, 8 Mno rare EAST CHARLTON AND LOWER AVOCA RICE CLUB CHARLTON, SATunDAY. Trial Stnkcs ono milo-Outlaw, 1, Kingfish, 2, Sea Queen 8 Tune, lm IiOJs. Six ran District Trot threo miles - Poor Paddy, 500 yds, 1, Doll), ¡oO yds, 2, Carmen, 400 yds, 3 Timo, Dm. 20JB Charlton Handicap ono milo ana a half-Ato 7st lllb , I, huashell 7st. -lb , 2, Troopor, Ost 12ib , 3 lime, 2m. UJs. blx ran Uurdlo Kauo two miles -Nutlad, lOst 101b , 1, Musidora esc 7 t>, -, Hunter, list. 81b , pulled up lime 4m Iii Thrct ran Selling Itoeo ono milo -Cripple, 1, Musidora, 2, Blink Bonn), 8 lime lm vus. Mooren Bracelet, eix furlonts - Scashcll 1, Troopor, 2, Outlaw, 3 lime lm lTJs. blx ran Consolation Stakes ono milo -Lola Montos, 1, Blucher, 2, Donnybrook 3. Time, lm. 40}s Flvo MOOROOPNA RACING CLUR MOOROOPNA, SATURDAY Handicap Hurdle Itacc, about two miles-Tulla moro, lOst gib 1, Little Jack lOst 2lb, 2. Maiden Plato about ono mile an 1 a quarter - VV hitofoot 1, I ittlo Nance 2 V ounjr Peter, 3 Mooroopna Handicap of 50 BOVS, about ona milo and a ball-Allandur bat 71b , 1 Verbena, bst, 2, Dirk Hattcraiok, sst, 3 boiling Kaeo.-biunluan, 1, Jack, 1, Batchelor, 8 Juvcuiio blakes.-larrairon, 1, Dorcas, 2 , lorget, SALE AMATEUR RACING CLUB SALE, SAIURDAY Malden Plato, ono mila and a half -Ono of the Tribo 1, Sehoolbo) 2 Colonel, 3 Hurdle Boco about two miles.-Dirty, 1, Tambo, 2, Roebuck 3. Selling Kacu ono mile -Maid 1, Zoo 2 Amatt ur Racine Club Handicap of .5 sots., ono mile and a half -Tho tari 1 Derb),2 Itlilonien s ltaoo, ouoo round -Uno t,f the Tribo, 1 , Zoe 2 Colonel, 8 Hack Race, onco round -Ada finch, 1, Little Poll), 2, Look for Me, 8 TERANG RACING CLUB. lidiANG, SATURDAY. Maldon Plato, of 25 eot a one nillo-I.ady Mower field 1, Tatnle, 1, Douirloa 3 Light ran Handicap Hurdle Itaco, of 8e BOVS one milo and a half -Break o Day, Ost lllb 1, Circo lOst 21b , 2 , Little Lad), Ost 101b Time, nn 4). Mno ran Tirant Cup ofâlsova. one mile and a quarter - King of tho V» est Bst 51b 1, Miss Joss! 7st 21b 2 Spéculation, 8st 71b. 8 Time, 2m 1&1 Seven 2\. Flvo ran edllng Hat lloco of 20 BOVS ono mila- ArguB Girl 1 The Masher 2, Darlington, 3 bix ron Maiden Trot of 12 tova, two miles.-Bobby 1 , Phenomenon, 2, Happy Thought J. Mnetoon started FLINDERS RACING CLUB I LINDERS, SATURDAY Maldon Plato Vlinto 1 Amy 2,Minnlo, 8 Hinders Handicap-btclla 1, 1 etrel 2, Ap plnuee, 8. Won by tulf a length Handicap Hurdle Itaco. Petrel walked t. _. bhire Purse -Lad) Flinders, 1 Petrel, it, Minto, 3 Won bv three qiiart«rs of a length Conaolatlon Handicap -Amy 1, Minnie, 2. BENALLT~RACÏÏ_CLUB BENALLA, SATURDAY. Trial stakes.-Pla) bo), 1, Sunrise 2, Angler, 8. FI)ingS akos -Prince, 1, Ivanhoe, 2. r»ew Yoara Day Handicap, one milo and a quarter -I ymro, 1, Hemlock 2, Conundrum, 8 Time, 2m 22Js Selling Race -Rocket 1 Here'» Luok, 2. Amateur Welter Handicap.-Hemlock, 1, Cymro, 2 , Try Mo 8 Consolation Stakes -Conundrum 1, Avoahoa, 2, Dolla,». I ATHLETIC QATHERINGS IN THE C0UNT11Y. (ruo. Ona ConntsroKDEHTS ) CARNIVAL SPORI'S AT CAS1LEMAINE CVSILEMAINE, SAT-innr Tho annual carnival In al 1 of tho local charities was hold at tho Cahlii- reseri'O to dal, anil thurn w ero about S OCH) persons ) resent Inoliiellne. victors from Sand hui>t Ibo cato money amounted to £123 les. Oil , or about £10 moro than uasottainol last joar llio follow Ing wero the results of tlio piinelpal events - Boj S llaeo - Barrj 1, Wilkins 2. Maldon ltnoo -fly lor, 1 iniitli J,/orcho 8 Shclliclel llainllcip-Thors wera 17 entries for this oient, which wai cont steel in boats Kvon* tually tho results »creas follow - M Coglan, I oglo lia»k, 1 , 1 Uni ti, camibolls Creek, : I Cameron Sandon S A protest was ontercl by Hu! e. against ( o^lan on til i (.tonnet that i ast per formalices nero not supplied, which will bo eon faldorcl inn fen dals touiidriiiioiislootra-o-VV Wodli, l.J Leech, 8, li. H Iloraoflold, 3 ¡licjelo Hue-le Cameron, VVhito hills, 1, II Schcolo, D molly, 2 , Crockett Castlemaine, S llunlle Raco-It, Camelon White Hills 1, VV Hilson Mete-alle 2 A h. Ilelno S.nilhurst, 8 1 ircinon s liidrunt Itaoo -J Williams(lemporanoo Bri.ado, Sandhurst) 1 J Vlnlkor (leinperaneo lirl.aile, cnuihurst) 2, A E. Arnott (Rallnaj Ga.tlcuialic), 8 Tra lesinen s Purso - It Tnjlor (Castlemano) 1 A. W VV outil (Sandhurst), ¿, J llajes (Campbells Creek), 8 -mural minor events were nell contested and In tho cionlmr anuntorlaliiinuntwas c,Ucn by tho Curlew Vlinstrets at the theatre lloyal, which droivalnr^o andicnoo _ HIGI1LAND GATHERING AT GEELONG OLLLONG, SATDRDAT Tho annual* Comunii ni I einno gathonng took place on tho societies grounds at south Geelong to day It was estimated that J 600 persons wero on the ground an 1 the reccii ti taken at the c,ntes amounted to 1,110 bclnir more than that reaciic 1 on tnu preccd in" j oar Iho ohlef, Mr I rancis Ormond, M L.C, naas unable to be prosent owing to a prior cni,nc,e meut 1 bo duties In lils absonoo wore performed by the president Mr le -birra. lhofollontu_ wore tho results of tlio sports _ Maldon »ace 220 yds- Hrst Heat-J Hickey, 1 ; T Suttcrbv, 2 T Mullens, 8 Second Heat -J Gal lirtilth, 1, IV .ardill,; 2 O M liciizio, 8 Hnal Heat-1 Mullens 1,U M liouzio, 2 , J Galbraith, a Pino Muilo.-Strathspoj s-A, Vlattlo, 1, M Donald, 2, A Terfcusoii 3 Marches-A. Tor guaní 1, V ¿I Donald, 2, II. VV Skinner, 3 Best JuvMHiilo Pipers-J 1 Walker and Dancoy. ISslilnndlling(Juicnllos)-J Tuit 1,8 Aokman, 2\. illthlnnl Ulli- (Adults)-IV. Denholm, 1, H M'lvmild 2. Güilo Callum-T S Grant, 1, U W Skinner, 2, A Ackinaii.S Setnitruss -VV Denholm, 1, J Tait, 2¡, T .3. Grant, 8 lliBl of Tulloch - IV Denholm, 1, T S Grant, 2, U VV Skinner, s. Strathspeys and IteolB -VV Denholm, 1, A Ack* man 2, VI IV Skinner 3. ^HfJnrs Hornpipe _G Lawson 1, J Tait, 2, M. M'Donald, 8 coniunu na relnno Ifandlosp 160, 800, and 410 jds- rirst Lvent-1 ¡rst Ucat-T tooti 8 yds, 1, J Canty, 6 jds 2 11 liardcastlo 0 yds, 3 Second Hoar-O M Ken.o, Syds 1,S S Lambío, 0yds, 2, A Gillies 6 Jds, 3 1 mai Heat-T Scott, 8 yds, 1, G M Kclizle, 2 A Gillios, 8 Second .lent, SOO lds-II liardcastlo, 11 jds 1 T Scott, 17 ids, , 0 VI Konziu, 16 jds 8 Third lvent, 140 yuV-IL liardcastlo, 1 , G MI cnzie 2 T booti 8 Hard castle mil Scott baili g scored 10 joints each ae,rcod to divido the stat oj Thron Int linn mer, lSIb -P Fleming Sift 7in , 1 IC Horn 74ft 71n 2, li Uorn 0 lit. »lu , J murnini,' Ulc.li Leap -J -oohej, tit lln , 1, li Abblej nfc 2. turalin; tlio Caber -P norning 36ft Tin ,1, VV Horn, IMC dill, 2, IC Horn Jilt, .lu , J Handicap Hurdle Haou 410 J dH -A M'Atccr, ser , 1,1 Suttorbi, 20 yds 2 A. borlvcnc,cr, 5 yds 8 Throwing tim Mono 211b -J 11 donald 34ft ¿in , 1, II Horn 131t 11 jin 2 P riimlni. 82ft, 8 stand ne, Hi0li Jump- AL Burke, 4ft. Hu., 1, 0 Graj ,4ft _ V milln»; with Tolo -IL. Fbbles, Site lOin , 1, Ii. Horn bit. Oin 2, M M'Atocr, bft Oin , J liieinens Handicap Hat Hao , ¿20 yds.-J Marshall l.jds, 1,J Galbraith, ..¡Jds, 2,11 Hurd castle lu j tis 8. linn Heap Hat Hace half a mile.-G A Davis 60 yds, 1, J Marshall scr , 2 , J Galbraith, 65 yds J Members Handicap Hat ltnoo, 220 yds - E. G Stoll, 0 jds, 1 , I Comber, 6yds, 2. Manx Hace, 2 0 jds-J nnd M Marshall, 1, VV Warri, i ami J Williams, 2, S Lambío and H Cal vari, > in II Jit;-a Lawson, 1, E. Harts, 2, T M'Cor mick,J Mouths Raco undor 10.- llrst Ucat-II Linchan, 1 J White 2 1 PUillips, 8. Second Ueat-li Winter, 1, a Callan 2 , J Moore, 3. Hnal lient li Linchan 1, 0 Callan, _ Itaoo for .ouths Under 12.-.. Phillipa, 1, F io» 1er, 2 , J D Uehm 3. Quoit Match -A J? Hao 1, VV Arnold, 2 Best Dressed Ho> in Highland Costume - A. Mookride,e, I, N Xait, I, A Ackuian, ». STAWELL rOO L BALL CLOU SPORTS SrAWELL, SATOIIDAI Tlio Stawell Football Club Sports wera hold to day In tho Botanical lloserio and pawed oil very sucoesi fully Iho rosults wero - Maldon I'ite loo yds.-VV Smith, 1 \V Saul, 2, le, Iroutboc,:, 8. Hu started lime, 11} Staiioll .ontball club Uundloup, 130 yds- lirst Heat-It BUbhlck 1 VV biulth, -, Geo 1 ooloy, X Second Ucat-le M alker 1, U lilli, i, J Martin, 3. Hnal Ueat-VV Smith 1, It. Dusliiek, 2, C. Hill, 3. Timo 18J-) Hydrant Itaoo-Oro Eollv, 1 VV A V\ liltclicad, 2, 1 Maloney J lime, lCjs Licensed V tctuallors Handicap -First Heat-J Martin, 1, li biulth 2,0 ?) Jenkinson, 3 limo 17Js Second Ucat-VV »birre» 1, le. Troutbeck, 2, A Alk , 8 limo 17s 1 ililli Heat-VV -.mitta. 1 IV blurred, 2 le. Troutbeck, 3 Iliroe others started lime, lois tour Men Hose competition -VV A Whitehead, J milson, J Martin audit llulkcr, 1 Tima 82s Quarter mile Handicap -R. Busliick, 1, 0. cox, 2, J Mozzochilli 8 Seven others started lorccd Uanlieap- le llalkor, 1, T Baker, 2, R. Uusliiok, S r ii o others etartod WAI.liNAMBOOLraiENDLYSOCIE.riES' SP01US WARRNAMBOOL, SATDHDAT Tho seventeenth annual Catherin, in conneotlon with tile Warrnambool friendly boeiotlea was held to-day Tho following aro tho results - Maiden Plato -D Croll 1, G Bradshaw, 2, It j Armstrong 8 -1 al tuvanai,-, 1, It. Armstrong, 2, el llradsbair, 8 IG ran. Maiden Walking Matclc-J ¡-'Vcigli, 1, W. Wal lace, 2. Hurdlo Race, 120 yds - VV Morris, 1, J M'Leod, 2, Dowlo 8 Boy s Race.-VI illlauison 1, Armstrong 2. Trustees Handicap of 10 sois, 440 yds.-VV. Arm. strong, 1, J lalieut 2 J P Arnolde 3 Handicap Walking Match.-J Irlckoj, 1, Ii Camp, 2, IV J Ml eteh 3 Best Gymnastic I erformer -U. Rodgers ¡sow Scar's Handicap of 10 SOIB, 1.0 jds -T M Kavanach 1 IC Armstrong, 2, VV Q Slecre 8 Running Meta Jump -M Looa and Hogan tiud Hollins Casks llano-IV Armalld, 1, A IV HI COX, - Hurdlo Boco, 500 yds -VV Morris (a), 1, M'leod 2. Sack Raco -Wilcox 1, Rodgers, 2 Obstaulo lince, of 7 sovs - K Mauson, 1, II Rod gers, ¿ , 1 Leslie, 8 Go as j ou pienso.-VVhlto, 1, VV llllams, 2. WANGAItATIA A-tlLEl'IC CLUB SPOKl'S WANGAKATTA. SATÜBDAT Tho Wangaratta Athcltlo Club n|vor" wero bold boro to day Iho rosults are appended - bhollleld Handicap, of 60 sovs.-Donald, Wanga, 1, Allan oxley, 2, Jasper VV atii.aratta 3. Champion -ootraoo, of 10 sovs,-Clanoy, Oxloy, 1, M'Aulia., 2. Jlurdlo llacc -Donald 1 M'Mastcr, 2. Running Uic,n Jump - btonart, Albury, 6ft. 61n , 1. KERANG SWIMMING CLUB SPORIS KLUANG, SATUIIDAT Tho annunl racos in conneotlon with the Kerang Swimming Club wero hold to day There w as a largo attendance Ibu follow!!!, aro the results of tho prino pal ovents - Boys ii ico, 60 jds.-VI Patchell, 1,1 Hay, 2, J Breen 3 One Uuudrod \ards Breast Stroko Handicap-II VV lticbardion 7sec., 1, Win Waddell, sor, ¿, L. Breen "sec J Two llundtcd \ards Handicap -J Booth, scr , 1, Il M Mullen lOsee , A Handicap Clothes Races 100 jds-H W Richard son Oace 1 Win Waldull sor, 2 Tuno Dllini, Contest-Win Waddell, 40seo., 1, J Linn no 4.soc , i L. Gunnel! ¿7sec ¿ Upen Race, loO yds.-1 Collins, 1, Vim. Waddell, _,T Bulleen J MLRIOA A-ULLUC CLUB SPORIS MURIOA SATUHDAV The eighth nnnual gatlierin- or the athlctio club was held to d ij Iho daj i ai all tlut could to du.ired with a i,oud atteudai eo Hie results Maldon rlato -Phil Ips 1 lattcn, 2 0 Orion, 3 Murto i Gran 1 Handlea]! -French, 1, Whitoeross, 2, lattun J Ila nlicap Hurdlo Race - Stephens, 1 Phillips, 2 , M Mill in J Handicap Î, ew Year s Gift -i Tench, 1 , M'Rao, 2, Cooiior 8 Hand cap Ladies Race-M'Rao, 1, Kirkwood, 2, Turnbull 3 OBSERVANCE OF THE DAY IN THE COUNT...'. BALLARAT. (--Oil OUH CoimEMUNDENTS ) SvrUUDAl EltVINO A match wis plajeel at tile Laaterooval to dny between an eleven from Sandhurst and one reprcbcntitiu; the 1 al limit club 1 he visitors were unable to bmiK a strong team, and the match wa» won on the first innings bj Ballarat. 'J he flcorme; was low for both sidon, Ballnrat only makini; 121 runs, on a Lood wicket, while the visitors made 87\. Bryant (29), Mann (20), Spiers (20), and Dunn (17) were tho hiuheit scorers for Ballarat, and for the visitors, Beswick, with' Hix wicket» for M runa, and Mnckni, with four Wickets for 31 runs wen the most HUC cciafiil bowlers lor Sandhurst, Beswick (25) M Anultj (Id), and Luderman (12) were the top ncorers, whilst I IKKIS with four wickets for __ runs, 1,mille) three wickets for 7, and Hum two wickets for 41, did the bowling for the local players A fife and drum band competition, for three prizes valued at £15 15a , 19 Us. und ±5 6s respectively, took placo to day at the Lastern Oval lim fimt prize waa awarded to the Soldier s Ii. 11 Baud, the second to the Sandhurst City, und the third to the City and Town (Ballarat). Tho other bands competing were Richmond City and South Melbourne City. The railway traflic at Ballarat on Now Year's Day was the heaviest ever known hers on one day. Over 32,000 passengers passed through the western station. In spite of the difficulty caused by the limited resources of the department, there was no undue crowding or excitement, and no complaints wero made. SANDHURST. (BY TELEaiiaPn FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT,) SANDHURST, SUNDAY. The New Year's Day celebrations yesterday were all outside Sandhurst. The Mycra-lluc athletic sports meeting was largely attended, Tho Oddlellows' picnic to Elmore drew a large crowd, und tlie various church picnics to Ravenswood, Rugthot and other places were also well patronised. THE HOLIDAY IN SYDNEY. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, SUNDAY. Yesterday was observed as a lull holiday, and the delightful weather attracted great crowds to the various places about the har- bour and elsewhere. The races were well attended. The Highland gathering drew a large attendance. The temperance gala wns a considerable attraction, anti the various minor sports found plenty of patrons. All the placea ol amusement were crowded in the evening, tlie two pantomimes and Miss Minnie Palmer's entertainment being still in full swing. 