-§xntba;p Iteabittg. THE EVER- ACTIVE CHRIST. [By the Rev. Alfred Verb an.] 'The former treatise have I made, O Theopbilue, of all that JesuB began both to do and teach.'— (Acts i. 1). The little word ' began' is the keynote of our text. It is also the keynote of Luke's Gospel and of the Acts of the Apostles. It is the pivot on which turn the greatest events in the history of the world. It is the link which connects the life of Christ - with tbe lives of the Apostles, and with the lives of all good men throughout all ages. This little, and seemingly unimportant, vord suggests the three divisions of our subject — Beginning, Continuation, Ending, or (1) the life of Christ asjrecorded in the Gospels; (2) the life of Christ as manifested in the Acts of the Apostles ; and (3) the life of Christ as manifested in the lives of all the faithful. What Luke says of his Gospel is substantially true of the other Gospels. They are not, and do not profess to be, complete and exhaustive biographies of our Lord. They are incomplete records, fragments, reminiscences, memorabilia. Of the first thirty years of that peerless life we are -told surprisingly little; of the last two or three we are told much, indeed, and yet not a thousandth part of what might have been told us. John's hyperbolical language at the end of bis Gospel carries great weight. ' And there ate many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written.' In saying that the Gospels are mere frag ments. I have not depreciated the work of the four Evangelists ; nor have I cast a shade over that beautiful life which once was lived among the hills and valleys of Judaea. It is as if a man should give a most glowing account of the life of bis best-loved friend, and should conclude by saying— 'But don't imagine that I have told, .you all, or even a tenth of what might be toldi- My friend was greater, grander, and altogether better than my poor, halting des cription «f him.' Luke's Gospel is confessedly but 'an Imperfect sketch of an absolutely perfect/lifei Yet, in his Gospel, every bene ficent act BeemB well rounded off, every miracle ieems complete, every parable seems to have received its finishing touches. Nobody ever canne to Christ and went away only partially cured. No sermon; was begun but not ended. And woulditbe!poBsibleto add one word to the 'Parable of the Prodical Son,' or take one word from it without marring its perfect beauty ? And yet Luke t&ys; that hisGo8pel is only a narrative of what Jesus 'began bqth.'to do and teach.' There were, greater .things to . follow— miracles of grace far surpassing the opening of blind eyes, the «leaneing of lepers, or even tbe raising of the dead to life again. ' ... Tbie leads us to oiirsecotod point. The Acts of tfce Apostle? eonfaina'pn account of those preater morke which were. close in tbe name of Chmt* The ccveFekin ot three tboaeand eonls on the day of Pentecost was an infinitely greater miracle than- the raisins of Lazirua from the dead. The wide diffusion of Chria tiantty among tbe Gentile nations is the clearest proof that to Christ 'all power ia given in heaven and inearth.' When I hear Stephen praying to Christ on behalf of his murderers, 'Lord, lay not this sin to their charge,' my moral sense compels me to admit that that is more wonderful than any physical spiracle recorded in the four Gospels. The lives of Peter and John and Paul are to me more wonderful that all the miracles of the New Testament pat together. In the Gospels Christ begins to do and teach ; in the Acts of the Apostles He continues to do and teach ; but His doing and teaching are not now re stricted and limited, but aaaume larger and grander proportions, \- Our Lord's beneficent activity did not cease when the last of the Apostles fell asleep. Christ has been doing and teaching ever since, and never more than during the last hundred years. There are some people who know Christ only after the flesh. They find Chrsit in the New Testament, but nowhere else. They persist in going back to Jerusalem for their Chmt. They are in bondage to the Christ of history. The range of their imagina tion is limited to Bethlehem, Galilee, Bethany, Olivet. They are content to dwell on -the lake of Gennezaret or among the the hills and valleys of Judaea. The Garden of Gethsemane ib a favorite resort of theirs, and tbe hill that is called Calvary they climb almost daily. With reverent hands they embalm their Lord's body, and with eager steps they hasten to His sepulchre. But there are othero whose Christ is an ever-living, ever present, Christ— a Christ who has bsen with His people in every age, and is with His people now ; a Christ who is so near that they can feel the gentle touch of His spirit and htar the whispers of His love, and enter into a far mote blesBed fellowship with Him than the disciples ever did while He was with them, in bodily form ; a Christ who pities, forgives, and loves the Bad and sorrowful men and women of to-djw as truly as He pitied the multitudes who ftere 'as sheep having no shepherd,' and fjargave 'the woman that was a sinner,' and 'Joved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.' X believe in the real presence of our Lord. I believe He is with us here, as truly as He was ever on the lake of Galilee, or on the Mount of Olivet, or at the house of Simon, the Pharisee, or in the home at Bethany. The ChriBt of hiBtory humbled Himself, and sub mitted to human condition?. He was limited, circumscribed, localised. He was born and lived and died in a land no bigger than Wales. . But the rieteo and glorified Christ is not thus localised. He is in heaven; He is here; He is equally at the antipodes. .He broods over the whole world, reigns triumphantly in every lowly, loving heart, and walketfa in the midst of His golden candle sticks, the churches of Christendom. Christ is with us still, and He is not inac tive. He is keenly alive to all that goes on in Hib church. At this moment He hears your thoughts as you sit in those pewu, as truly as He heard Nathaniel's thoughts as he sat under the fig tree. And if, like Mary, you are meditating 'one lowly offering of exceeding love,' be assured that He will value it at infinitely more than its intrinsic worth. Indeed,, it is the Christ in you that prompts you to do-that-noble deed, or to lay upon His altar that costly sacrifice. Apart from Christ you can tio nothing. Through His strength you caij do all things. Surely we will not go back neajrly nineteen centuries for our Christ when ^''oro words are^-' Where two or three atje^athei^ed together in My name, there am I in) the midst of them.' ' And Jesus came And spake 'unto them, saying, All power jis given onto Me in heaven and in earth ; go ye, therefore, and make disciples ot all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, arid of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; aud lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.' Glorious wordsthese, aud not one of them has.. fallen to the ground or ever will. How do you account tor the joyousneBB, the consciousness of power, the intrepidity of the apostles after the day of Pentecost ? There is one answer, and we need no other : Christ was with them, and they, were conscious of it. Who went with the holy martyrs to prison, to the mineb, to the lions, to torture, and to death? Whose presence was it that made the dark and gloomy catacombs more sacred and more beautiful than any palace? Who gave Wesley and Wbitfield the power to rouse the slumbering churches of England and America? And who makes the life of that poor lonely widow bo beautiful and so saintly that the angels of God love to hover round her mean abode ? It is He who began to do wondrous things nearly nineteen centuries ago, and has ; not finished yet. | The Gospels are full of begianingB. The : Acts of the Apostles and the Epistles are also . , full of beginnings. 'Now, if tbe beginnings are I so glorious, what will the endings be? Christ began to teach, before . His ascension into heaven; and hi the four Gospels we have a brief account of it. Christ began to teach after His glorious ascension, and in the Acts and Epistles we have a brief and fragmentary account of it. But Christ has been teaching ever since, and we ought to know more about. Christ than tbe Church of the first three 1 centuries ever knew. We ought to know; more of Christ than men knew in the times of the Reformers, or of the Puritans, or of the founders of Methodism. If the Spirit of Christ abides in the Church, leading us into all truth, ttien we ought to possess a larger and \ richer spiritual heritage than our forefathers j pots'sttd. ^ or do I forget the wise words of j the Pilgrim Father — ' God has yet more light j and truth to break forth out of TTig Holy Woid.' I believe in the Holy Ghost; and as a corollaty of that, I believe in the develop ment of Chribtian doctriue. I anticipate the time when the intellect of the world shall bonr to theology as ?' the queen of the sciences.' That theology will be more Scriptural, more comprehensive, more reverent, more tender, more august, more beautiful than the world has ever yet seen, Bow cb&nning; is divine philosophy ! Jsot barsh and crabbed, as dull fools suppose ;^ But musical, as is Apollo's lute, And a perpetual feast ot uectar'd sweets, Wiere do crude surfeit 1-eignp. But glorious as the theology of the future may be, it will be but a development of the \ things which Christ began to teach the. fisher men of Galilee. In the Gospels we have the gerrus of all the spiritual truths we shall ever know in this world. It is the work of the Holy Spirit to develop those germs into trees of righteousness, covered with fragrant flowers or luscious fruits. In the Gospels we have all the materials necessary ; it is the work of the Holy Spirit to build them into a glorious spiritual temple. It is the work of the Holy Spirit ' to take of the things of Christ and ehow them unto us.' What Christ begins He finishes; He perfects whatever He takes in band. Hence we are certain that there is to be in tbe future a glorious church on earth — a church which shall command the respect of all ; a church which shall be co extensive with the whole world ; . a church which shall not un worthily be called Apostolic, Catholic, and Christian. The churches of the New Testament were only the beginnings of Christ's redemptive activity. From them we get a whisper of His power, but the 'thunder of His power' who can understand? His influence on the world is immeasurably greater than it was when He died upon tbe cross, and immeasurably greater than it was when the books of the New Testa ment were written, ay, and immeasurably greater that it was at the commencement of the present century. . But what will it be in the twentieth or the twenty-fifth century? We cannot tell, we only know that '* He snail not fail ntr be discouraged till He has set judgment in the earth, and the isle3 shall wait for His law.' We only know that He who in tbe time of His humiliation began to do and teach will continue to do and teach until ' the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh- shall see it together,' and 'the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as tbe waters cover the mighty deep.' The golden age of the Church is not past, but to come. For my ideal church I do not look back to Jerusalem, Corinth, or Ephesus, but with eager, longing eyes I look into tbe future, and I see 'the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I hear a great voice out of heaven, saying, Behold the tabernacle of God is with men, and He shall dwell with them, and they shall be His people, and God himself shall be with them and be their God.' Mr, Beecher, of America, some where speaks of 'a Christ a thousand times more glorious than Jerusalem ever saw; a Christ a thousand times freer and fuller of the manifestation of love than any historical ChriBt; a Christ larger in every way than the Christ of the past ; a ChriBt enwrapping every soul as the whole atmosphere of a continent broods over each particular flower; a Christ conceived of as living near, as overhanging, as thinking of each one, and as working for him.' Dear friends, do we know anything of this ChriBt ? Not a'{Christ of whom we read in a book merely, but a ChriBt whose presence we feel in our hearts ; not merely a Christ who did wonderful things a long timea^b, but a Christ who does wonderful things now ; not merely a a Christ who taught Peter, and James, and John, and Thomas, but a ChriBt who teaches us, and is as patient with us as He was with them.. Do we know such a Christ ? The same Christ as we have in the Gospels, and yet not the tame : for a man may know the Christ of history and yet be unsaved, but to know the risen, ascended, ever-present Christ is salvation itself. A poor little boy was once asked, ' Where is Jebus Christ?' He had been taught that JesuBiB always where His people are; and so, aftt-r. a moment's pause, he made this reply, *' He lives in our alley now.'-' A very goad answer. Many a noble - lord cannot say — MJetu8 lives in mymantion now.' Perhaps some of you cannot ea-y, 'Jesus lives in my home, and in my heart now.' How. much you' miss.- WJaat miracka of grace He would periotm if Be dwelt in your hearts. What light would flash upon many . portions of Scripture which now are dark and perplexing. And aa He talked to you be the way, and opened to you the Scriptures, how your hearts would glow and burn. ChriBt wants disciples, He is willing to teach all who are willing to learn. He has lessons to teach which are very simple; and He has lessons to teach which will take you a whole lifetime to learn. Will you enter His school to-day? My young friends, will you? I can honestly commend my Master to you. He ib wonderfuly patient, infinitely kind. Let us ask God to make us humble and docile — aa sincere as Ntcodemus, as devout as Simon, and as guileless as Nathaniel. Then will He make known : to us those things which He hides from j 'the wise and prudent.' We shall possess ; His secret, and understand His covenant. We j shall sit with Christ in the heavenlies. May we take Christ into the whole of our lives. May we live in His very presence. And may He who long ago 'began both to do ana teach,' lead us all into wider and fairer provinces of truth, and do for us all ' esjeed ing abundantly above all that we ask or think.' 