Mr. Spurgeon and the Baptist Union. (From the Spectator.) We have always entertained a very sincero respect for Mr. Spurgeon, and regerd him, indeed, as ono of tho most earnest, honest, and high-minded of 10 religious teachers of the day, though wt.o.ne of the most discrimin ating. His retn'MWjnfc from tho Bap UISU UUIUU, UU UUU gLUUUU IJ.IiiU M1U Baptist Union is extending its com prehensiveness to tho point of sanc tioning false religious teaching, is a now evidenco of his strength of char acter aud manliness of conduct, though ho grounds his retirement partly on the toleration extended to some forms o' opinion with which we ourselves feel considerable sympathy. Mr. Spur geon maintains that it is si' wretched spectacle' to see ' professedly orthodox Christains publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt for those who cannot De guilty or such grave disloyalty to Christ.' He thinks that Unions which lead to such tam pering with Christian truth are not Christian Unions, and ' begin to look like confederacies of ovil.' Bather than belong to what bids fair to be come ' a confederacy of evil,' he aud his congregation prefer to stand by themselves as orthodox: Baptists who will be responsible only for their own faith, and not for the graduully decaying faith of the Bap tisthSlatltudinarians. ? Believers in Christ's Atonement,' writes Mr. Spur geon, 'are now in declared religious union .with, those who make light of it; believers in Holy Scripture aro in confederacy with those who deny plenary inspiration' those who hold Evangelical doctorine are in'.-.open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy ;G-host, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death and a future restitutiou for the lost.' Though we regard what Mr. Spurgeon means by plenary inspiration as the wildest of impossibilities, which was certainly not even dreamt of by the primitive Church — and though we regard the question of a further pro. barton after death ns one which the Christian revelation does not in tho least condemn,- confining itself as it does almost exclusively, in connection with the subjects of reward arid retri bution, to impressing on us the con-' sequence of holiness and sin, while it keeps secret what it does not concern us to know — the limits within which our trial will extend — we still feel the deepest rebpect for Mr. Spurgeon's nn compromising attitude towards what he regards as disloyalty to Christ's teaching. But tho interest of the occasion seems to us to be the tendency which Mr. Spurgeon's course must have to stimulate the decomposition of ecclesiastical unions into their con stituent parts, and tuo gradual disinte gration of what we may call collective responsibility for a creed. Of course, if once that collective responsibility were to cease altogether, and there oltnnm nnmn f n T\n .no v»n ntf em 4-i**ol -r UUVUiWi wviuu «?'-» \J\J ***J Ui»U ¥ vuuitul separate opinions on the character and drift of revelation as there are, for instance, on the character and drift of Mr. Ruskin's teaching, Christian faith as a bond amongst men would have ceased to exist. It was as a bond, and as a yoke as well as a bond, that it first came into oxistonce. It united a number of persons whom it severed altogether from the world of that primitive day, giving them. a separate class of joys, a separate class of hopes, and aseparate standard of duty, and it united them by subduing them to a new and welcome yoke in a now kind of service. If ever all the estimates formed of the meaning of Christ's revelation came to ,he puroiy individual, and so different from each othor that they ceased to subdue those who hold them to a common standard oi hope, joy, and duty, Churches as such would cease to exist, nnd would be resolved into some thing very like either mutual dipcussion societies, or reunions of the admirers of the religious attitude of sotno par ticular orator. Yot Mr. Spurgeon is' quite right in his evident con viction that this tendency towards the disintegration of Churches will certainly not be checked by patching up hollow truces under the shelter of which people who differ totally in their belief may continue to be described by the same name. That sort of disintre gation is not less serious than the other. A nominal union of worshippers who are really wide asunded in belief are none the nearer for not confessing that they are in complete disagreement with each other ; perhaps they are even further off from actual union than they would be if the truth were known, for there is no divergence of purpose so final aa that which remains concealed chiefly on account of the complete indifference of thoBe who aro becoming estranged in heart to tho fact of that estrangement. The Church which really contains large masses of nominal adherents who do not nhare the same beliefs and the same hopes, nnd who do not even acknowledge the same duties, is a rope of sand, and not a Church. Hence, though Mr. Spurgeon's abandonment oE tho Baptist Union is sure to stimulate the tendency of an open disintegration of religious communions, we do not at all suppose that it will stimulate tho real disintegration of faiths. The decay of common convictions which was htent before will not be aggre vated in any way by being avowed. Nay, it may, we think, do good by awakening men afresh to the very serious characterof the question as to the connection between doctrine and religious communion. What was it that originally made the Christian Church 1 Was it uot a perfectly new vision of G-od's chiracter, actions, and purposes, and the 'consequent trans formation which took place in human aims and hopes? Of course, that im plied a common theology, and a common theology of a very new and startling kind ; but what Mr. Spurgeon at least evedently means by doctrine was rather the implication than the absolute essonce of that theology. The facts which changed men's hearts were the evidence that God had done mnrvellous things in order to make man different to what he had been, '.u«l tne doctrine was I'ather tne explana tion ami ?Jialysis anil co- ordination of the divine act'iws. than the actions themselves. Such matter^ for example as Mr. Spurgeon refers to — ?plenary inspiration of Scripture, or eternal ho[«? lessness for those who die without belief in Christ— are in the highest degree remote from the divine facts the belief in which gave such new and extraordinary strength of cohesion to the first Christian community ; probably neither of these doctrins was either held /i*t f-/\ wimtn no nnnuoconn fW OVP11 PHT1« ceived by any one of the writers in the New Testament. What filled ihem with wonder and common joy and common hope was the life and death and ressurrection of Christ--and the gift of the Holy Spirit to the Church. All the so-called doctrinal the ology was due to reflection on these facts, and the attempt to hold them intelligently and coherently. We believe that the more that there are of these honest confrontings of modern difficulties with ancient doctrine, the more we shall come to see that, after all, the essence of unity in a Church i3 what it believes con cerning God's mind and character and action and active manifestation in history concerning the divine sacrifice and suffering on our behalf,— in short, concerning the secrets of the divine nature, so inv as they affect our standards of life and duty. The unity of a Church is and must be deeply ?affected by the belief or scepticism of its members as to what God really is, and has shown himself to be by actual interposition in human affairs. But it need not surely be affected by their common belief or common indifference in relation to matters of such extremely indirect concern with our life and duty of the partial fallibility of sacred historians, prophets, or even apostles, ? i ^. .. p it _ ? !i.1_ ? 1_!_1. or tne limits oi mo mercy wim wuiuii those human beings may be treated in another world who have never had what most of us would call a fair chance of a true moral probation in this. 