I iRovcIist. \ ~ | BAffKSXEST. ' i A Story. i ' I (Conchtiiftl,) I CHAPTER Iir. | ]!v Atiu. §| A month ncnt by, and Tom Wildtslovo Bpidhis friend were fully sottledntEldon i$ory.. The former had dceidod to live pjith his sister in tho protty retreat, , and pan-, tis.i thing ho insisted upon after sflie first few days, took up his abode at i&e; Pier Hotel, beyond tho Domain. " | '? There is no knowing how lotif; I may f|iyin Xcw Zealand,' he said. 'I have flan a restless Bohemian all my days, and ftherefore tuny find it difficult to settle |ownin a humdrum sort of I"Why not purchase a place here, and jkiko it your home," suggested Miss |Portia Wildolovo, "by your own showing flour Boheniiaiiisin in the past has not peon foiifctir i/e I'D-.*." f|."Poob, Madam, Mr. Maydale's en- spirit could never brook such jit dull lite .is ours," responded Oscar Bent, [ii'li .1 supercilious air. I They were all in tho garden together, Ifeoying the cool of the October evening; plyra and her father sido by side, sho with ;jer arm locked through his, her faco ra- with happiness. ||, Harry Maydalc turned his dreamy eyes SpponOscar as that gentleman made this Pamtccssary remark. ? . p? ;"i don't think you know mo sufficiently ||> sarrant your saying such n thing Mr. pEflit,'ho said, viith just a shade of con gemptinhistone. " I know tho old adage "pout the rolling stone, but that is not StfplicaMo in my enso." ?; "Well.a man cannot servo two masters,"' Ittsponded Oscar; "you cannot make a citizen out of a wanderer." |'?'_?" I beg to differ with you, it is your |pilgrim—weary and worn with travel, who |an best appreciate a homo ; what'do You |Myilyray J |_ Harry had somehow glided into tiio I'h.ibit of appealing to her in small matters poicoiivcrsatioii, but that was not tho worst | d it. His calling her Myra without tho prefix, of Miss, was an impertinence which a made Oscar Bent pale with suimrcsscd ifMKr. | Tom Wildolovo, whoso oyes had gten fixed upon l >s?ir with a watchful in-' forest, now filled his pipe and proposed a j| stroll. l l I.l" v'SPK" 1 ?" is far as the summit of | Ifae diir, he suggested, "it is many yoars 8 race I was at the lovers seat." l h n?o yes ;, vcrj ' ma "y y enrs . .brother," f added tho old lnaiJ> ~ Tho t fiooms t0 j mc like the brook in some things—lovers t come and lovers go, but tho seat keops ?ttec for ever. ' I n ',' Brav .?; I'ortia," cried the sturdy old I ] ;iU gh, "you have improved ! upon tho oid song." I They M-cut up to the top of tho jagged <U, Harrykeeping by Myra's sido, dscar tMy iqliowmg, in company with tho old bno ami her broth,,-. Tho evening was %l. s ht had died out of the sky, the "moon l??tn soft sheon in lieu of it, so ttot it seemed twilight still to tho little UV L i lltlelovo ???d Oscar lay on ',"' a ? d Myrn and Harry sat upon Imed to lalh S avo the spinster, who pac- ,ik ? " "ontincl on some ten, o '' *r r ' troatcd them t0 !l lee ' ho ,1 r? ni yam disadvantages v io\ T (k - w - Aft ?r Uwt. became andlL r Crs '" c ?t<?g with them. Now Ste few 81wrkso£ chlvt were struck, olv i favor. It was e2 " ! CJ ; b ?S a ? the rotu m journey Zt that tlloir to ?Snes were loos'- mft-I?n Wt ,ovor > ?ent." Mid Hurry, ? ? U - ddo " Umt ??P?od ovoryl & w :. ' S tho .'.' rclti <-' 8 t spot on earth ; "io\ iow 1S magnificent. *?hwo - ? Jf i,d , nn d.Brandaa somo places "\? w ted s > id Tom Wildolovo. toy Xii f' die n- moro ?nollow, if I ? tw , m ' ro P li?d Hnrry, " 1 ea,e3y; V Bl,oUld il uotV " ??kod Harry. *oaroSl? I,U - "except „?> o Mc 1,,,,., „ yin this lifo is , .J. jtf,,.?' "'.tmarnur joy, others do \ ".scar interposed. lnc 3^l>mtan(. ff orhitii. nud ho said *? no nuiro, Tiio others talked gaily all tho way homo. * ? . Hurry Mnydalo took a great fancy to ( that seat on the elifi"; he was often tip , thcro, but when alone, the place seemed to have lost all its charms. Searching for a cause, tho young advonturcr soon dis . covered that Myra's presenco was necos -sary to mako hm joy complete, and so it dawned upon hinv: that lie-had given up his heart, unsolicited .to Myra,- and henco-* < forth ho could not - hope to livo happily withoutlier.- ' , 11 .was a gcent ft: treniondoua : rovolation, .vand' .it'appalled, him, -.for'-ho' . folt thsit tho.neice of proud MissAVildelovo' was sociallj' and -personally* —-abovo hini as tho honvonsarcabovo tho l earth. , ? \ ' ' Jiis firat impulse was to start aways at" onco for.somo oul-6f way. corner.. of ? tho' world. He even sot himsolf to scan'the didprcnt. shippingicoUnnns 'of tlio :n6ws papors, ami whonjie' had decided oil -tho voyage, lie changed his mind aa: suddenly as ho had previously resolved. " , "Why should 1 run away?" ho'said, v "That jV not;tho act'of a,man it'-would' only bo leaving lior open .to tho ; iworrying of this maudlin jack-a-nape's Bent, who seems as watchful and. as .morbid as 'one of liis Maori ancoators.'' - Thorivalry -between.- theso . two' men liccamo nioro noticeablo: every day. In stinctively, ITarry folt that Oscar liated hiuii and had the latter possessed no moro control over -himsolf' than?> the? former,-: there woruld have boon war to tho knife.' Although Oscar, was; jealous -and angry at the Jileasuro Myra took in- tho society .pf liis rival, yofc.ho folt pretty Buro of her. lieinherited abundant vanity . from this mother,.as, wellas boauty of person,' and ho called to mind tho many happy, yoara thoy.ihad spont/almost : together,-: notto fool certain ? that . Myra loved hiin. JIo blamed himself for; not having put tho question to her before' thoarrival ot lier father, and his friend; but ho resolved to do, so tho first opportunity which pro [ sen ted itself pn tho-moantimo lio became I moro attentive to Myra—just in opposition i to "his ri val, who became nioro resorved and shy in the presence of Tom Wildelove's daughter. M.iTiio spinster did not- notico - tho change in the manner, of her young guests, but .liev brothor did ; lio .know: something of /.nion -Rn'd-itliO :world, and he interpreted thocmotions oftheone,ashosawclearly the ; objeot of the-other ;-ho did not interforo, however. /"Opposition" ho said, " would bo- . fatal. Myra. is a womaii,- atid . if T say ; -whatJL.ctnv discern to bo the truth about this Oscar, Bont, she. will, straightway. fall in love with him." Perhaps tho. old man was *; right; but : was Myra roally and truly in love with hoc old playmato V ? Wo shall see! ? ; .Oscar Bent had not long to wait for the occasion to plead his case. ? On u certain day, Mr. Wildelove and Harry went out ? for a day's deep-soa fishing Myra ? was- to have accompanied them, but at tho last moment, .lior aunt was attacked with a ? severe headache, so tho girl remained at homo. 1 ? That same afternoon, .when" thov. brunt of theold:lady's attack had passed away andshehad fallen asleep, Myra-wont out . into the garden with hor ncGdle-work.' In . ono quiet corner there was an ivy-colorod : ?-bower,- ft"--, favourite, vlounging place,: and thither alio wont. Five minutes after-: : wards, Oscar Bent joined hor. ? ?'. She-: was . not particularly /.surprised or ' pleased to sec him, but accepted his com- ] ingas n matter of course. ?: Ho was rathor ' pale, and she asked him if ho was unwell. v. " I. lmve no bodily ailment !';,ho said; " but I am not. happy.'" ' \- She lookod at liim in astonishment now, and saw his gazo fixed; upon hor with an expression aha had never seen before. Sho" shrank from it, though; with an idea of its mcaninjt dawning on ho. : " Not happy 1" alio ropeatod. . No!" ? he res|>ondod, drawing closer- t-o her; '? Myra, dear Myra, I want to ask you to recall something to your mind. Do you remember that day whon you and I sat upon tho. lovors' seat, 1 watching the smoko of tho stcamor that brought'your father homo ?" ? V Assuredly I do ? Oscar! it is but a : very short tinio ago." " Can you recall anything 1 said that day ?" " I daro3ay I conld ; wo talked of many things!" , " But 1 want you to recall sOmothing vory particular." : Myra 1 >ont down her head thoughtfully, aud briofly meditated on the subject; but nothing camo of it. I am sorry, Oscar," sho said; "1 can not recall anything particular,: It ? is very unkind of-mo no doubt,-but you must ro inombor what an exciting day it was." ? f True, Myra!. woll, I will rocall tlio subject; I askod if you would bo sorry if I went away from New Zealand V ? Oh! I remember that, Oscar! but you wore jesting,'!' she answored, smiling. "Porlmps; but Myra, can -you not guess the object of the question Again Myra reflected, but reflection did not aid hor at all. He was gotting angry now, for ho felt :he had already got his answer.; novortbclcsshe stemmed tho torrent of his wrath, and pressod his suit. \- "Myra,"ho said, "l am going to say to-day what 1 ought to have-sauV then. Wo have boon sclioolrfellows, havo grown up woman and man logother, ? and you havo so bocomo part and parcel of myself, that I " >' ! " Oscar, you . must pardon' me, ; but I i think I hear my auut's - voice,V- sho;' criod ' 1 hurriedly. | " Nay, you cannot go until you havo heard nicy' ho answored, .barring tho way. . "No, no, you had bettor jiot speak," she said, in a. tono of distress, "t am not suro 1 understand, but if I do I should be vory sorry to " Sorry, Myra! would' you bo sorry to loam that l lovo you V" - - ? "No, not with tho old lovo !" . " What old lovo?- :Mino-has beeutho ? same throughout all those yoars 1" " I moan brothorly lovo, Oscar." His great black oyes flashed out at her. " Myra, mino is not a brotherly love, it is something deopor, better: than that!" " No ! no ! Oscar 1" "But : 1 sny, yes! yes !" ho cried vehemently,. " it is tho lovo that binds mon and women togothor for timo, and as somo believe, through etornity. I ask yon, Myrn, to bo my wifo ?" Sho covered her face with hands for a moment, without replying ;* thon sho looked up at hini, and tl\p tears were in her oyes. " I have never thought of you in that way, Oscar, nor over could!" sho said; " my lovo for yuu lias l?een sisterly from the first, and will over remain so ; tho dis covery I havo made has inexpressibly pained mo. I wish from my heart you had not uttcrou what you have !" " Perhaps if 1 had spoken two months ago, it would have licon difl'erout!' His voice was hard and cold now ; nil tlio Maori in him whs uppermost. , 41 What has two months ago to do with it, Oscar? It -would [havo beon the same then ns it is now !" .' ' ' * " ? "I do not beliovo it 1" '' ? . ' - "O3c——Mr. Bent!"" , ' '"' * "-T, ropoatl do not bolievc it,' - lie cried, stamping his foot., ' ? - * ' „ Ifc t was a deliberate insult to her,' and sho ,dro\v herself proudly up/'ahd signed for him to stand out of her path. ' \' '" I cannot talk further'witti you now," sho said. ', ' ' "; ' ; " , . " Myra Bliss Wildolovo,' hcat'jiio I" "No more, sir. , '. t , . '? You arei offended ?" '? :'< f J >" It is :i direct insult to doubt tho truth of what -I' say. If you are a' 'gentleman you will stand aaido!," ? ' ' ", ??? ,' '.' Oiio moment. If Harry Maydalq had not come, - then——" ' >' j '''''" " Ho sliorrj for the hitherto "meek and gontlojMyra, bcca'mo , suddenly trans formed into an outraged woman., ' , "Ilow'dareyou?" sho cried, her'blue eyes ablaze with scorn. L "By"what right do you pretend to rcad'tho secret of my heart?" v „? * '" ' „, l ' " You r " uncouth,' ignorant Bohemian I" sneered Oscars " I do not deny thatil lovo manly, noblo fellow, who is uttorly incapable of playing tlioparlof a'bully 1" Rhe answered, with withering .contempt; are you satis tied now V" ' And thcn'Jie lot her go. CHAPTER IV., From'thafc,timo a chaugo came over Os car Bent. Ho did not visits to Hawk'snost, or show feelings to Myra, savo that ho was less attoiitivo than of yore, but more courtooua in his demeanour when thoy met. The change lay in his general mode of action." Hither to ho had lieon tho prince of idlers, now he bocatno vigorously active. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his solo study. An old iishornian, who lived alone amongst the crags of Mount TangahitiXand who knew every shoal and rock along tho coast, was tho young fellow's coach and tutor, and ho found in Oscar a willing and apt student, Myra was gladJTto note tho change in him. Ilis present modo of living conveyed the impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alouo, I nit this vory distraction from his previous pursuits appoared only as a means whereby ho sought to forgot his love. If such was the case, Oscar had succcededjto'porfcction, for the girl readily forgave him and returned to her old ways in his companj'. Tho chango had jts effect also upon Myra's father and his friend. By degrees the prejudice felt by those twain against him molted away. Ho wns so hearty and gonial to both, that, thinking thoy had hastily misjudged the maw, thoy wero all tho more ready to oxtond the hand of friendship. Meanwhile,Myra andjHarry wore drawn together, with tho inevitable rosult. Their hearts had long boat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold the socret. Ho pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion, and was accepted. Sho loved liim, and why should sho be prudish and assumo a doubt whon no doubt oxisted ? So sho said, "Yes," and there was great Tojoic ing at Hawksnoat. Oscar Bent.wis very warm in his con gratulation. 110 told Myra that ho wua pleased at her choices in spito of what had happened, and to Harry ho said that of all men. in Now Zealand, ho would have chosen him to marry his "sister-Myra." Harry thanked him and roplicd that ho would endeavor to ninko her happy. Hu purchased a Mock of land near tho villa, and gave orders for tho erection of (insub stantial dwelling thereon. As Oscar showed somo architectural tasto, ho was ofton consulted about tho work going on. He gave his advico cheerfully and seemed anxious about tho house as if it had boon his own. While all these preparations woro going forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of tho timo togothor in the former's sailing boat, cruising about tho rocky coast." Harry was vorylfond of tho wator, and Oscar's cutter was a wonder in tho way of boat building. It wanted just a week to tho all import ant day, that was to see Myra and Harry man and wife, when Oscar and Maydale wont out for a day's sail. It was a late autumn day, rather cold, with a chopping wind knooking about tho soa. Tom Wildolovo holpod them to get tho boat ready, and advised thorn to keep woll in 'shore. " Thoro is no knowing what such a morn ing may bring forth in tho way of a galo ero night," ho said. " Wo are not going far, sir," answored Oscar; then turning to Harry ho added, "Ifyou think thoro's anything to foar, pray don't go," Harry lnughod. ' ' " "I've boon used to a rough life, and therefore don't mind rough weather. Bo sides you can manage your boat to porfee tion." ' . "No man hotter, I'll go bail," ejacu lated Jack Cod, tho old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short black cutty. Thoy ran the boat down and leaped in as she shot into tho sea. Tho squaro main sail and foresail wore sot, with a reef iv tbojformor, and Oscar took tho helm. "I think wo will run out by tho Tanga i Hcof, wo get loss wind thoro," ho said. I "I understood tho Tanga rocks wore dangerous," roplicd Harry. J '* To those who have not studied them, i.no doubt thoy aro," responded his com- I'panion, "but thero is no real pleasure without a tritlo of danger to give it zest. I know oyery foot of this coast, and can sail within pistol shot of tho roef. You shall sec." As tho boat got -out into tho trough of tho short waves ho was in high spirits, and his manner was nioro liko that of a school boy lot looso for a holiday than a man out for an hour's enjoymont. "You aro gay this morning, Oscar." "Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness some line sailing this day, if tho wind only holds." " It will hold, I think.' , " I hope so. Bcsido I have a surprise in store for you, Maydale." "What is itV" , " You shall sco presently." Tho Tanga rocks lay about two miles and a half to tho oast of tho cliff at Eldoiibuvy, ami they wero worthy of being termed dangerous. Hlsu-k in appearance, and fatal to any vessel, largo or small, that chance might cast in their vicinity. At high tide thoy peeped no move than a few feet above tlio waves on a calm day, and when the wind was' high, foanv alone marked '. At low tide' they wero still surrounded by water, for thoy wero ugly, razor-backed masses of stone, that had their foundation in tho sand full fifty fathoms down, i- ?~ "Oii this.day, and at tho' hour tlio boat started, tho tide was almost at its highest point, and nothing.but foam about them could hnnppn ' ' > As they drew nearer, Harry, who liarl some little' knowledge of seamanship, saw that the place presented one hug 6 bar,of whilo curling' breakers in front, and to right nnd- left 'at '.them, with not so much as the ghost *'of a paasago for tho'boat, which was now madly'plunging fight in amongstjthoni. ' - ' . ,-\' '/, ' , "It is madnoss to attempt "a"* passage* thero, he'shouted. " Put up the" helm I" " You coward,-be quiet," cried his com panion, laughing hoarsely. "1, toldjyou i was going to surprise you, sod am.'" " , "Put up your holm, or by the——'?''? . " Do you threaten mo,, and here?" in-' torruptcd Oscar, with an oath,*his face suddenly assuming the ferocity of a tiger cat. ' \ '" ' „.' Harry saw the change, and knew what it meant. He'had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and ho .saw that ho had ono to deal with now. \- "H—lleeizo you." yelled .the now in furiated Oscar. "Koop back from inc. 'The sight of you is poison to my soul. JFor months I'vo played my.gamonnd fooled you all. ' TVc brought you to your fate, and yondor white-faced cat at hoiiio may mew s for your coming until tho trump of doom." "Before ho could utter another- word, Harry throw himself upon him, and a fu- t rious struggle took place for the posses sion of tho tiller. , Thoy wore both strong men, ono with a latent devil in him light ing for'rovongo, tho other battling for his life.. Do all ho could,' Harry Maydalo could not move his antagonist from his grip of tho helm, until tho frail"vessel crashed upon the rocks. "Hurrah 1 This shall be your wedding day," shrieked Oscar, and the - next moment tho sea nnd rocks rent tho craft to pieces, nnd both mon wont down. Thoy woro locked together as tho waves cast them up again to tho surface,' nnd Oscar, hems' neares£to the sharp-cuttmg reefs, reooivod a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to release his hold upon his rival. > > Harry wns a strong swimmer, but ho was half stunned, and blinded by the spray. Ho felt that the chances of escape' were small, but tho thought of Myra norved him to mako tho effort. How long ho fought with tho whirling eddies, and tho seething cauldron into which ho had boon cast, ho never could estimate. A man will fight hard for his lifo, and especially a man on tho evo of boing married. After much buffeting, and when his strength was well-nigh gone, Harry Maydalo found himself in smoother water. Evou hero ho -was tossed and tumbled about liko a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears— "Ahoy, mate I This" way ;" and the exhausted swimmer knew it was tho voice of Jack Cod, tho fisherman. By-and-by a. boat approached, and a ropo was cast close to him, which he seized and held. " I saw your danger, my lad, and put out after yo," cried tbo old salt, as ho hauled Harry into the smack. ?' But, 1 aay what has become of Mr. Oscar?" , | "Whore is he?" gasped narry. , Thero was a pause for a moment, and thon Jack cried out— 41 Ah, thore ho. is, in tho whirlpool of tho Tanga !" " Steer for him. Fifty pounds if .you save him!" < The fisherman steered, but it was too lato. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, was completely exhausted. Just at tho moment when ho saw his hated rival safe in the boat, a huge wave lifted him bodily up, and dashed Kirn a mangled corpse on the rocf. ' "A dangerous man, narry. ' You bad a narrow squeak for it, boy," said Tom Wildelovo. "I had indeed, sir," said tho-young fellow, doffing his hat, with a fooling of rovoronco and gratitude. Tho two woro walking tho little garden path beforo tho villa, a week after tho tragic affair, at tho Tanga rocks. "It was wiso of you to koop tho affair to yourself, Harry." "Ayo, sir. Be'ttcr boar, it than lot Myra know what was hidden in her old' playmate." "To bo suro, lad. Your weddiiig will havo to bo postponed for three months ; tbat will bo a trial." " Perhaps, sir." And so it was settled. Only two men in Eldonbury knew tho secrot of that catastropho at tho Tanga Reef. 