GOT.DEX CR.1IM CTTArTKH XXVII.'. " If Hilda suspected it she would tease liim out of all patioiieo,' hort ladyship snid; ' and sometimes I wondor "wliothor my eyes deceived mo, for ' Hugh has always been so y<!iy;m'atter- or-tact. JNo 8UCU -tiling as, a woman1 soomod to have ontored his head 'till 1 latoly. I think it dates from tho time ' whon wo woro all in Germany, when Harry fished yon out, of the Rhine, as lie declares ho did,, at St. Goht.' " 'jt was vety nonrly that,' I said, laughing. ' I should have been in the river vorv soon if some one had not come to the rftSouo.' ' Well Hugh was with -us that time, you know,' Lady 8t. Colomb wont on ; 'Inovorsiiw anyono that ho spemed tho least littlo bit interested in. . Ho was always civil to: young ladies, '.'no thing more ; hut as soon as we oamo to England there soomod to ho a change in him; He was absent and far away, in his thoughts. I had not boon his pot auntie nearly all his lifo not to "know whon thero was anything nmiss with him ;, and ono .day,., it was juBt nftor tho Enrl nnd I had boon talking \- nhout 'Hildn, .and jotting liim boo, I fanoy, what, wo wished, that I camo to know that it would nover ho — nt least, , unless something enmo about to altor what was in his mind. Ho was in London at tho t.imo in a, sot of cham bers in tlio Albany, bolonging to a friend of his who wns abroad, and I 'surprised him ono day. Ho had not heard tho. boll, I suppose, or given ordors that ho., was not at homo, or 1 -something. Anyway, I was lot in, nnd ho had all tho things in his pri vate desk strewed about on tho tablo, nnd ho was going on over something ho had in his linnd liko a lovor on tho stngo. I laughed in spite of myself, inspito -of tho loaden weight that had como upon my lionrt nt hor words, at tlio notion of Hugh Merodyth going oip like a stago lovor, nnd'slio noildod at me, laughing horsolf. ' Ho wns indeed, my doar,' slio said, ' kissing it., wlintover it wns. nnd talk ing to it as if it could understand and ' know what he meant. I just caught sight of it before he whiskod it away out of my sight. I didn't protend to havo seen it, and ho tried his utmost -. to soem at ease and toll mo ho had boon burning letters and so forth. But it was.no uso; wo both felt uncomfort- able, anil I camo away soon, and left him to gather up his scattered -ho- longings, and forgot that I had inter rupted him. I did not want to pry into his secrets, and I was very angry with his man for letting me go in.' 'I don't supposo Mr. Moredy th wub nngry for long,' I remarked, roally for want of anything to say. I wanted so to know what tho love-token was ; and yet to bo told thovo was ono nt nil wns \- only so much, more onnfirmation of my . -own opinion of royBolf, viz., that I Magdalen Ormsby, was the groatost idiot that over brent, hod. I thought sho must.be mistaken; I could not imagine Hugh going on as . sho said, hut sho evidently believed it hoi-self. ' It was just a bow of blue ribbon,' -sho said ; ' and it had something white about it that looked for nil tlio world liko a huuch of overlasting flowers, only no ono ever wears overlastings. I Bupposo thoy woro faded and had \- boon frosh somotimo. Ho was just Icissing that hit of senseless ribbon, and talking to himsolf something about would tlio day ever como when ho -should soo tho owner of tho ribbon, I \- supposo, again. At any rate, lie said "hor," and mumbled ovor the thing agaiii and put his cheek against it, till I bogan to wondor if he wns in his right senses.' ' They say 110 ono in lovo is in his right senses,' I said, and my words . camo. with, a gasp— a litoral stopping for breath caused by what hor: lady- ship had said, "Was. J gping mad, as I had thought Reuben Eaircliild to bo ? I must bo ; and yot— a bluo ribbon, and with white ovoriasting flowers ! Whors was . ; tho bluo bow I bad lost at WnBsen- hauser 011 the day of my triumph / ' there ? When I was changing my dross . nt night nftor tlio excitomont was all .. ovor, I missod ono of tho small bows with which it had been adorned, nnd I sought it everywhere, for in tho centre of it I lmd plnnod a tiny tuft of ' tho edelweiss, tlio snow flowov of tho Alps, that had boon given to mo by my darling Dorothy Sondes, Was that whorp it bad gono ? Into Hugh Merodyth's hooping— nnd was \- ho treasuring it ovon . now and think ing"? Bah ! what a fool I wns. Was my bit of ribbon tho only bluo bow in tho world 1 Thousands of other women might have worn such an ovnnment. Doubt less it was a token of some London . conquest of his, and the next, thing wo . should hear about Hugh Moredyth would be that he wns goingto be mar ried. I hardly know what Lady St. Co lomb said to mo after that. Sho talked ,on, hut my head was 'in a whirl, and I . was thankful whon Lady Hilda oamo ' 'in to say that she was wanted, and , went with'hor, 60 that "I could -escape \- to my own-room, where my "bird wns singing — -the'birdthnt ho'hnd sent mo . — and turn out my Old Wnsseilbausor . dross nnd look nt it and think — think, " liko a demented creature, -that. 'Hugh ':STerodyth loved mo, instead of putting \- the notion far away from mo, an'd ho- " lieving,;a8 l ought -to have done, that v: he was: as for away from me. as tho poles from one another. I took out the dress— I had 'it still. " I kept it as a memento of those days and Madamo's 'Loventhal's kindness, \- and shook it out, ', and looked at tho . v vacantplaoe from which the bow had fallen.-flnd behaved' liko, nn idiot, as I was, tllllLady -Hilda tamo up ahd;put a stop to my-vflgarios. My edelweiss!, It was pleasant io think of it in Hugh's keeping,"- and I hn<jl fancied it troddop under ovei/y- body's feet or picked up by one of the many sprvnnts who wore about the school that day. 'and who would care nothing for it, but throw it away as worthloss hocuuso it had no bright colors or p/iBily-seon hoauty. ' Come out. for a walk,' Hilda pleaded. 1 Wo shall have tho Park to ourselves. No four of meeting that odious Mr, Pairchihl now— it is liko waking. up from n nightmaro.to know lio .is gone — Jie has been horrid- lately.' : . ' It is plensantpr : without him, cer tainly,' I sa?d, trying to still myself into somothing like sense and pro priety of degioanour. ' Whoro shall wo go, dear ? ' Lot us gd down to tho river ; Harry is there fishing ; thero is a wonderful shoal of some fish or other passing by just now. He told mo all nbont it. and how thoy cqmo at uncertain periods ; but I don't understand quite. : Any way, lie's there, and we can go nnd look nt him. He is enjoying himsolf I should think — up to his kneos in the water, liko a mnsoulino Patience in waterproof hoots.' I was glad to go. Perhaps tire fresh air and the bright sunshine would quiot my turbulent norves n littlo. I felt inolined to cry and laugh and do all sdrts of nhsurd things, and yet I must hide all outward semblance of ogitntion and carry myself ns he- same the 'companion and instructress of tho Lady Hilda Moredyth. Wo mot tlio earl just as we got out, nnd he stopped us for a word. He novor lot ins uaugntor go oy mm without a smilo or a oaross. ' You nvo making a woman of lior nlrendy, Miss Ormsby,' ho said. ' Sho looks over so much bettor since sho had you for a companion. It was not good for hor to bo without a young lady about lior.' ' You flattor mo, my lord,' I said. ' But I am gratefully glad to bo of uso.' ' And wb aro gratefully glad to liavo yon.! ho said, echoing my words, and then,' with a sudden squeeze of my hand, which ho had taken, and a visible paling of his' usunlly ruddy fnco, he said : ' Child, where did you got those eyes ? ' 'I don't know,' I said, half frightpnod at liis veliemonco. ' From my father, I expect. Thoy are not', liko my mothor's.' 'Your father? Hois dead.' ' Oh, yes.' ' And you remember him ? ' No.' . \ 'Forgivo me. I have no right to question yod, hut in that moment I seemed, to see — ah, well, a face and form of long ago — as someone lias it. The resemblance 1ms vanished now. Don't got into mischief down at the river. Don't let Hairy persuade, you into that prooions new-fangled boat of his or you'll get n wetting, if nothing worse comes of it.' 'The dear old pator is something brusque, Magdalen,' Hilda said. ' I wonder who ,ho thinks you are like. Everybody seems to have a fancy nhout your face. Hugh savs you aro liko that pioturo ; mamma says you remind her of someone just as papa said just now, nnd Mr. Faircliild said ' 'What did he deign to say? Am I like anyone in that genlleman|s esti mation?' '/ ' Oh, yes. You are liko the family, the Meredyths, he means. Ho snid, in his disagreeable fashion, the day after you camo hero, that if he hnd not known you woro Miss Ormsby the governess he should havo taken you for ono of the family.' ' I am sure I ought to ho flattprod. And who doos your brother think I am like ? ' 'Harry? Oh, ho said in his usual blunt fashion it was all bosh. That everybody wns liko everybody else if it came to that, nnd you were just liko yourself, and no one else. A jolly nice girl, that he wouldn't have altorod for »i trifle ' ' I am yory much obliged to him. I liko his verdict better than anyono olso's. Who is that by the pool ? ' Wo woro close to the White Lady's Pool by this time and tho roar and swirl of tho: water prevented anyone from hearing our approacn. It was (in old man who stood there, and recognising him Hilda turned hastily away. ' It's old Griffiths,' she said, in a low tono. ' If he gets hold of me I shan't bo able to get away for hnlf-nn-hour. Talk to liim for a minute, there's a dear, till I get nwav out of sight.' Old Griffiths, as Lady Hilda callod him, was a superannuated retainer of the -family — very aged now, and mado free of tho Park and the gardens. He .was an (noffensivo old follow, but weak and superstitious, nnd to. Lady Hilda and her mother a terrible bore. There was' no getting away from him. Ho had 'so many complaints to pour out, and so much to say whether he had the chance of speaking to either of them, that I did not wonder at Hilda's running away from him. Sho made a detour and got away through tlie trebs without his seeing her. and I went on past tho place where he wnB standing looking at. the water, Good afternoon,' I said, as I wont by, and the old man lifted hi« bend to me, but I yna hardly prepared for tho offoct tho Bight of mo soomod io have upon him. His ruddy face turned literally livid, and'bis eyes aeemod to bo starting out of his head, as he put out both hands and- waved mo off. ''She's come baolci' lie - gasped, "here, in this very place ; what does She want ? ' ' You don't'know me,' I said, won dering at his strange looks and words, "I am Miss Ormsby I live at the Priory. Have I startled you ? ' '.No nearer!' he gasped again; ' dou-'t come any nearer. I saw her hove.-. where T stand now, and thoy l'tiuud her afterward-, and alio- can't rest. Isn't the grave -deep enough ? — and; it's twenty years ago and more — twenty i far;-, ago '. ' . . . He was getting wildly excited,, and- I heartily wished I had gone round with Hilda, and so avoided this en counter, when a man camo up and took the old follow's arm to lead him away. " ' Ho isn't 'Always quite right lierei miss,' he said, touching his forehead. ' I hope he hasn't frightened you.' ' Oh, no, thank you,' I said ; ' he took me for someone else, that was all." But I felt quite relieved when, he took the old man away muttering still' about graves and my having come hack from the other world. Ho must have had been thinking, of somoonohe had lost and muddled up the living and the dead in his feeble old mind. I suppose I waB nervous, but I felt quite tired nnd: depressed when I joined Hilda and her brother at .the river, and half determined that I would walk by the White Lady's Pool no more as long as I should stay at Priory Park.' " ohautf.b xxxnr. Itmade me very uncomfortable when I henrd, as I did tho next day, that old Griffiths hod been declaring that he had Been the ghost of the unfortu nate lady who wns drowned in the White Lady's Pool; it was diaagreo- ablo to hear anything that bore out Reuben Fairchild's extraordinary statement that I resembled the por trait in the Oriel room. Of course tho old man was childish and did not know what he was talking about, but it made me feel nervous and distrait. I told hor ladyship of my meoting with old Griffiths, and whon the. story, of tho ghost reached the Priory she understood at once. 'It was a very disagreoable notion for him to take, poor old man ! ' she said; when she heard of it. ' It can't do any ono any harm, of course,, but. tho bare mention of that terrible time will soraotimos, though it is so long ago, prey upon tho Earl's feolings in a moBt uncomfortable manner. Sup pose you were to go and see tho old man and his wife and talk to them ; when he seos you again he will under stand how ridiculous his fanoy was.' I declared myself ready to do ns sho suggested, and wont with Hilda across the Park. Old Griffiths was past eighty years of age, and his wife, who wns a buxom, fresh-looking woman still, was some, twonty ' years younger. They both had boon in the service of the former Earl of St. Colomb, and Mrs. Griffiths had been d sort of factotum up nt'the house long after tho lodge had been given to them as p. retreat for her liusband'B declining yonrs. In- doed, she wns in much request even now whenever there was any prossuro of work at the Parle. I had not made hor acquaintance as yet, for she. had been ill, and the west lodge was rather out of tho way of our ordinary walks. . Tho man who had fetched him away from tho White Lady's Pool when I had soon him thero, was his son, a tenant of tho Earl's, holding a small farm on the outskirts and doing very woll. The excitement of the old man's odd fancy had quite worn off whon Hilda and I hade him good morning and nsked after his rheumatism. He was 'bravely,' he told us, now that the weather was warm, and talked cheer fully onough in a childish sort of fashion, regarding me all the whilo with a puzzled look. ' I saw her,' I heard him mutter to himsolf, while wo had turnod to his wife about something and Bhe was answering a quesfion of Hilda's about her own hoalth. ' I saw her oloso to me, and that's hor— and yot it isn't— whore's hor evil smile nnd tho wicked eyes that glittered qb if — ' Ho stoppod suddenly seeing that I heard hira, and blundered out an apology. ' Don't lot 'em mind mo — don't let 'em liston to mo, he said querulously,- ' my head's all of a moither.' 'Yes, that's just it,' she said, ismiling. ' Don't take any heed of him. miss, ploase ; he's always fnnoy- ing'likenessos.' ' Yes, but you mustn't lot him say such things as ho said yesterday,' Hilda said, quietly. 'Mamma says so. It troubles papa, you know.' ' Yos, doary, I know,' the woman replied, ' I understand, and if I could havo helped it it shouldn't have been ; hut I wasn't so well yesterday, and was lying down and asleep when ho came in with Tom nnd half-a-dozen more at their heols, and father there wns crying nud saying he had seen the poor thing's ghost. Of oourse it was justa mistako, a trick of the sunlight, maybo, and — ' She stoppod suddenly, looking at me with a frightened expression on her comely face, and the faint color that our visit had callod up died out of her cheeks. ' You are not so well as you thought yourself, Betty,' Hilda said, kindly. ' I)on|t stand ; got into your easy ohair thero and you will talk ever so muoh bettor.' Betty dropped hack into her ohair as if the power of standing was sud denly gone, and looked nt me with a curious expression in her eyes. ' I must he going as dazed as my old man,' she Baid, 1 hut I saw it too !' ' Saw what, Betty ? ' 'The ghost, miss; leastways,:. the likeness. Just now for a minute, while this young lady was talking to me, the face came all of a sudden — the face of that poor creature that was drowned in the pool yonder. It was herself as she looked on tho very last day of her life ; it is gone now.' ' Then I am not really like her ? ' I asked, anxious to hoar waat Betty's opinion might he. ' It's a look, miss — a look,' sho re plied. 'But mayhoyou aro a relation?' ' No,' 1 l-cplied, none. I am a stranger, hern by neeifleiit. Make your husband understand that if you can.' ' Oh, ho won't thin!; anything movr. about it, miss,' Betty .- said, ' and we talked on for some , little' time longer, 1 hut the color did. not come hack to. Betty's face, nor did/the odd, strained expression that hib come into it go away. f Hilda chattered/away to her, bid ding her be sure Mid get well in time to come and helptfcem.at a great party that was to ho given before Itarry went to. Oxford; and we Went away conscious that both the old -people were gazing after us' curiously and intently. Lady St. Colomb seemed glad -that the fancy, on the old man's part was dying away, and she trusted it would not get to the Earl's ear, as he had seemed bo very sensitive on the sub ject of the old' sore of late. For tlio last few weeks it had appeared, to bo; very persent to his mind, and she as sociated it in somo way, she could not tell how, with Reuben Fairohild.- ' Did he know tho lady ? ' I asked, for she talked to mo now ns.if I were hor own daughter, regarding me ovi; dently as one of themselves. 'Yes, my dear, he did,' she replied; 'and I can't .help thinking that for some renson or other lie has been bringing the subject of that, old loss before my lord's mind. He droams of that unhappy first wife of his and her miserable end; , nnd starts up crying that she is drowning and there is ho one to Bave her. Till within this last few weeks I don't . think she has entered hiB head for years.' What motive could the ex-tntor -have. for doing this, if indeed lie did? And what had it to do with me ? Lady St. Oolomb and Hilda wont out the evening of the day when we had been to visit the Griffiths' lodge,' and I was loft alone with my thoughts to while nwny the ovening as best I could. I shook out tho muslin folds of my old dross and thought whether it would not be better to consign it to the rag-bag or give it away, I folded it flat . in a small compass, and laid it aside to go into the very bottom of the box I had taken it from, and which I set myself to ,work now to put straight. It contained everything of valuo that I possessed, my mother's jewels amongst tho rest, and I took them out now and looked at them. There they were as lustrous as ever, and I wondered, vaguely, what thoy wore worth. There would nover bo any question of porting with them now, I hoped ; ana I looked at their shimmering iight nnd fell into a reverie about my mother and the task slid lmd given me with hor dying breath. It was unfulfilled still, and would over he. I could not find any traoe of the man who had deceived and deserted hoi-. I shut up tlio cose with a snap nnd put it back in tho bottom of the box, encountering another and smaller one as I did sa. It was my mother's ring, one that she had con stantly worn, Dr. Legrange told me, when he put it into my hand— the ring that bore so strange a rosemblanco to tho . one in the piioture in the Oriel room. I took it from its caso and put it on my finger. It was a queer, barbarous mixturo of" colors, opals, rubies, aud emeralds, witb a diamond sparkling and glittering in the midat of them,: giving a curious radinnce to tho whole. ; Tho gems were small, but thoy wore very brilliant, nnd made a large, awkward-looking ring for a liidy — a shield -like thing that covered a great portion of the last joint of the finger. A strange feeling oamo over me ns I put it on — a fooling ns if the origi nal of the portrait were close beside mo; and I half expected to seo n face when I turned my head nnd looked in the glass. It was the same queer feeling that possossod me whon I was alone in the room where my mothor had died at Navarre houso. I struggled with it, and laughed at my self for my nervous fears, and resolvod to go to the Oriel room presently and see for mvself whether it was fnnev only, or whether the ring was indood like the one in the portrait. Tho feeling would not go away, hut remained all the time I was arranging my belongings ; and I forced myaolf to attend to everything I had sot my self to do before I would think of the ring Again. Then, with a shawl over my head, I sped along the dark pas sages to the room where the portrait was, and where the sound of rushing water always kept alive in everybody's mind the . tragic fate of its mistress. Tho door was unlocked, though the key was turned; and my heart beat frightfully ns I entered and went steadily up to the fireplace and looked at the picture. It seemed to sinilo at me with some thing of scorn, and tho eyes followed every motion of my head as I held up my hand to compare the ring with the picture. Could there have been two of them ? They were exactly alike ; the- artist seemed to have amused himself by putting in every separate gem, or perhaps he had been ordered to do so. There was the odd shape, too— what could it mean? Could it he that my mother was somo relation to this dead- and- gonelady of the Priory? ( To be continued. J 