Englislumd Foreign Our Paris Letter. J.PBOST OBB OWN CCftlEKSPOKlldT.] November 20. jw appears ro oe, as cumornt to. obtain a governor for Tonquin as a prince for Bulgaria. Suoh T&canoies; aro now drugs in the market. Both civilians and tnilitairtt fight shy of the deadlyclimatd of Tonquin. "Wanted heroes for cholera and dysentery " is P*ochefort*H hint. "Why not try General liaulbars, as lio is now ont of wort, and is known to stop at nothing. The journals aro trying to joko Jules Feny into accepting the residentship of Tonquin-a colony ho invented. Ho, too, dreads Bert cholera. M. de Frcycinet would give hini tho appointment at once if only on the principle which led tho Marquis, do Stcync to aid his friend, Raw don Crawley, in obtaining a colonial appoint ment in somo pestiferous nook of the universe. There would he one rival loss for tho Grevy succession, and tho riddanco of a plotter to overthrow tho Cabinet would he effected. If Jules Ferry succumbed, his adversaries could say ho was punished where ho sinned, and his pretty young wife could he partly consoled by tho Government presenting her with a secretly effected assurance policy on the life of the dear doparted, as tho Cabinet is accused of having done in tho case of Paul Bert. Tho latter will be the Banquo's ghost forthoso contemplating seeking their .fortune in Tonquin. Better try, like M. Popp, to Becure three gullible English men to. put down half a million of francs to extract gold out of the powdered building .tone of Paris, boiling all with kitchen salt, ?fill tho capital bo used up. . Madagascar has turned up again, just at the moment when the budget was likely to be balanced by postponing the deficit, and the faster, Medutti, had arrived at the stage of drawing on hiB stomach storo of lobster and walnut shells, plus the chicken bones he crushed like a pulverising machine. Madagascar illus trates the slip between tho cup and tho lip. A weeks ago all was Berene; now tho situa tion is liko that of the father-in-law in the comedy-tout est_ rompu mon gendre. This time the Amerieaii missionaries are accused of put ting spokes in tho wheels of French diplomacy. The dispute is very clear. France is limited respecting Malagasy independence, and prac tically she wishes to bo all in all, which the inhabitants refuse. Franco must now decide either 'to send out a new expedition, spend money and men to conquer the island, or to retire with loss of prestige. That colony and Tonquin are the two millstones which Jules Perry, aided and abetted by Bismarck, has tied round tho neck of France, and at a time when the'.country, in presence of tho volcanic con dition of tho continent, has need of its every* franc and ;every soldier. Monseignor Perraud, Bishop of Autun once Talleyrand's diocese-was selected to pro nounce tho panegyric on tho late Archbishop of Paris, Cardinal Guibert, a solemnity ordinarily. oelebrated 30 days after the death. Funeral orations are of two kinds-tho Bassuet. ptyle,. where all is epithets and eloquent com p}OX}£lQQeg ; qr tlje modern, aonfined to a running honwly qq tljo life-incidents of the defunct, Tho latter "was adopted by Bishop Pernmd; Ro sketched the career of the lato archbishop- whoso father was a stonecutter, and t his . mother a wool-comber-rising step by step, by meritorious and Christian work, from a lowly curate up to the premier cardinalship of France. By order of Pio Nono, tho deceased cardinal, when Arch bishop of Tours, was directed to try and arrange tho difficulty between France and Ger many, so that they would cease fighting, and leave tho issue to Papal mediation. Tho "belli ^eronts apparently preferred to. leave tho [matter with tho God of battles, plus tho biggest battalions. Two incidents in the lato .ardinaVs career are as follow: He ^turned his . episcopal palaco at Tours into an .Hospital, and for a time had at his table the .'^embers of the Government-Cremieux, who iras a'Jow, and Qambetia, a materialist. Car jlinal Guibert once begged tlio Prussian com mander tq spare the lives of some peasants Tfho Ijad indulged' in free*- pot* "at % the Invaders. "Certainly," replied' tho com mander, "if you advise the people not ,to resist." The archbishop refused, be lieving, as a patriot, such would weaken the National defence. It was something liko tho ..Emperor Charles V. keeping tho Pope a be sieged prisoner in the Castlo of St. Angelo, while ordering tho celebration of prayers ior his ' deliveranco. BishopPcrraudiKhimselfacclebrity. Hoisanativeof Lyons, and 58 real's of age. Ho was destined for a literary career liko his gqllego chums, Taine, Sareey, and About. Howoyer? hp took orders, joined the Oratorians, ,^ndl|ecame a doctor in theology in 1S65, and was nominated to tho Professorship of iJcclesiastical 'History at the Sorbonno till . .when ho was made a bishop. He is aho a njember of tho academy. He is as thin as Sucgi aft^r a 3Q days'* fast, and recalls one of ihqse ascetic'saints in atone which ornament tlio pqrtico of a cathedral. His austerity more than his eloquence stirred liis auditors. His Utthuurc for an academician is not fjoayyj neithqr is it rich; iri any caso it is fuperiqr to that of his co-acadcinician, the Duo ,j}o Pasquier? who has none at all, but who lias promised f$r many years to bring out; ono book wljeij tho academy completes its dictionary jjtfoy hqw' at tho letter C. ' Tlio bishop has . delivered on fornjeroccasions eulogiumson Arch bishop Darboy, shot by tho Communists, and Jeanno d'Arc bunied by tho English, though *T.'Uelap ieno, a Frenchman, lias published a . book to demonstrate tho only burning the maid experienced was that of lovo, since she married, lived a Durby-and-Joan life, and on a patriotic) pension, years after tlio period when her u*hes wero said to havo bocii cast into the Seine. Momdognor Perraud, among ft fow other works, publishod, in 1807, two volumes an "Contemporary Ireland." Tlio book mado somo noiso at tho timo; it had a peppery prefaco by tho lato Bishop Dupan loup; the wholo being a kind indictment against English roligious intolerance. It is a ounous fact thatnall?French books, referring to any " crmik," rm'fo the samo groove. All that M produced about Ireland always treats of .fcnglauds past conduct towards 'tlie Green isle, but shirks tlie living present, of which we desire to know. Tho author states, as a belief not 20 years old, that Ireland is capable of supporting^,000,000 of people. 51. do. Beau mont limited tho number to 35,000,000.' Tho author also expressed tlio opinion tlmt "Irish emigration to England W:ls destined to mar the eticct of bringing back tho inhabitants of that gicat island to tho faith of Grc<roi*v* the Great and St. Augustine." Further, that " tho key to all Ireland s political and social difficulties is to bo sought in her religious prosecution in the past, and in licrjnot having, gono orcr to apostasy at the timo of tho Reformation." The bishop s brother is also a clergyman and curiously enough, his speciality is the " Down fall of Poland," a subject not now mentioned before ears polite, when M. Florpiet is president of tlm Chamber, and Bussian grand dukes in Farm are as plentiful as blackberries, and are trying to cajole the French republic, into a morganatic marriago with czarism. The 1' ranch have discovered that investing in op jiressed nationalities-wliother Polish or Bul garian-does not pay, as for instance, Italy and Germany, which now hem her in like one o Dante's purgatorial circles. The fasters, Merlatti and'~Succi, continue to oc the i men of tho tunc." The former has melted tho Eolid flesh he put up in advance down to the counting- of-his-bones stan-e. Of the two classes into which' 'society has been said to bo divided-those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners-the latter are more in terested in Succi's magic battle for trick in3., .at\ empty stomach. There is nothing positncly new in showing onoe-bcsie^cd Parisians how to die of hunger, except that it is an antidote against bad dinners. Attention has been rather fixed on the quan tities of food both fasters can take in before .ommencing their Bolf-starvation. We are anxious to learn something about their .tomachs; are they formed like other people's; how do they become blown out like a balloon, swollen like a French budget, or expansive like the floods in tho south of France ? Are their stomachs composed' of gold-beater's skin or india-rubber from Do Bragga's Congo com monwealth ? Iiouis STV. had a stomach four times greater than any of his loving subjects; Cardinal "Wolsey had, too, an unbounded stomach ; Falstatf held grief blew a man up like a bladder; yet science has noTer explained these exception?. Dr. Labbie, who can extract forks and spoons accidentally swallowed, orperliaps a sliest of plate, out of stomachs, without doing any harm to their owners, might solicit Merlatti to submit himself to an operation, and so let science get an Asmodean peep into his interior, It would be as interesting an experiment as Paul Bert's grafting a mouse on the back of a cat, or tho leg of a Rouen duck on the ampu tated claw of a Cochin China hen, a race-union that Senor Castelar ought to note as worthy of a place in his European Republic. . For the future, in the Broca Medical Museum, whero tho skeletons of criminals and tho brains of celebrities-Gambetta and Broca'himself to wit-are preserved, photos, of the owners will bo placed alongside the " remains." Evetymem ber of the Post-mortem Society leaves his body for dissection, and such other medical use his surviving colleagues may decide. " Eossel," who murdered tho publican's wife, has been unlucky in rushing to Algeria for safety; had he remained in Paris, and opened a 6hop-say beside a police station, he might have lived to be a centenarian. Biebler will likely out short his days, if M. Grevy does his duty. Eossel exaoted that boforo ho made a full confession before tho examining magis trate, ho should be supplied with a Gargantuan breakfast. The bargain was made. The dust men in cleaning a reservoir in the RueDufency, found a largo bottle, in which were the frag ments of a new-born and healthy child, freshly cut up; tho bottlo was carefuliy sealed. Glass coffins are an ancient, institntion.*' During the fighting at Sedan Bismarck rode over to the Belgian frontier to see if tlie troops were strong enough to disarm tho French if they retreated across tho border. Oa returning he gave it as his opinion the Belgian soldiers had " too lunch coat." It is presumed tliat if tho French dociie ever to invade Germany they will make an ugly rush through tha't cock-pit 'of Europe, Belgium. Hence, King Leopold is occupied, like other potentates, with army organisation. Aware- that just as tho twig is bent tho tree is inclined, ho approves of school battalions; tlie lads will have a royal blue tunic with scarlet braidings and knieker. bookers instead of pantaloons. No doubt, when called out for active service, they wUl be supplied with Hessian boots. The uniform is more picture.squo than'that of yonng France. May the canteen in both cases never fall short of lolly'-po£s and hot cross buns; and may tho repeating rifles be confined to sticks of barley sugar. Tho population of tho Celestial empire-? 500,000,000 say^-lias one inhabitant less, Tin Tim Ling. Ho has been gatheredto: liis ancestors, but lias been so Parisianisod, that ho begged liis bones would never b'ecomo " au article of exportation," lileo'Gambetbi's " cleri calism." Tin &c.;, was an, undoubted''Qhmese in eye and pigtail, but he ATas pieked up when J a babv, at sqiuo eastern port', and 35 years ago imported into Paris,'duty free, as a CMiwisaic. Ho was tlio only living spcoiineu of tho celestials then known in this city of b'ght. no was adopted in a sense, by Theophilc Qautler, ami by tlie forco of induction, perhaps of heredity, Till Tun Ling taught himself his own native language, and ma do up'tho history of his countiy, However, so rapidly did ho acquire western manners, tlmt ho married, a Parisian laundress. Wheij his ilrat wife arrived from Singapore, ho pleaded he had forgotten tho dear creature, and ho was acquitted of adultery. Ho wns an assistant profeeeot in eoveml oriental languages, and gained a few fronaa by Bitting as a modol for artists. Of lato ho lapsed into melancholy; lto ceased to bo a ouriositv, as formorh-, the French having been taught mora about China through Jules Ferry than did all the travels of Abbe Huc.?' The ChinesV(k bassy and his French friends followed Tin's remains to tho grave. Marshal lI'Malon's only daughter is to be married Slio has not a single sous of forttme. tier father was cleaned out by his expenses when President, hia party fooling him into tho belief his fortune would be recouped when, as a General 3tonic, ho brought back the kin" rho marshal is as poor as a church'mouse, and lives on the wreck of Iiis wife's fortune. _M. de Lesseps has entered his 82nd year, and lr.n lady will noon present him with a littla "Panama." 