The Great Impalement Trick By. G. Edwards. " Was I over frightened 7 I should think so—rather," said Windsor Brown, our walking gentleman, " I was very frightened onoe, nnd I don't mind ad mitting It. I daro say you've hoard of the Spanish king who, on roadlng the epitaph ' Hero lies a man who never know fear,' quietly observed, 1 Then he never tried to snuff a candle with his Angers, Well, it takes something more than that operation to frighten wo. It has been said that a man who Is a aownrd was born so, and that when he Is really soared his hair will get up on end, no matter how much grease you may put on the top of It, or how much oduoatlon you may put underneath It to hold it down. I don't think I was born a ooward, but I confess that on the occasion referred to, my wool stood up on end like quills upon the fretful—what-d'yo-oall It ? Tell you how It happened 7 Why, oortalnly. 44 I had beon tempted some Hundred and fifty miles from homo by the oiler of a good engagement. On arriving at my destination, I discovered, to my horror, that I had been added to the list of vic tims of the Bogus Manager. I was with out friends in the town, and my travell ing expenses had loft me with barely sufficient to pay for a bed and breakfast, The latter I might do without, but the former was an absolute necessity, and I sought It In a poor quarter, whore lodg ings ware likely to bo ohoap. . At more than ono house I was eyed with susploion and refused, but at length, late at night, I was mot with the Information that I could sharo a bed with anothor lodger, who, the owner was sure, would raise no objeotlon, seoing that he was n fortnight bonlnd with his ront, 4 He's a profes sional, and so aro you,' said tho old woman who answered my application, 4 so I sup pose you won't mind V Half a loaf is, proverbially, hotter than no broad, and half a bod Is hotter than no bod at all j and so, tempted by tho prloo, 1 olosod with tho offor, In tho words, 4 My poverty, not my will, aonsonts.' 44 4 And Is my bedfellow that is to bo at homo?' I Inquired. 4 4 4 No,' answered tho old woman i 4 ho does a lato turn at tho Apollo Muslo Hall, and I novor oxpoots him till mid night.' ,4 4 Then If you have no objeotlon .1 will rotlro at onoo,' 1 replied, and, fairly tired out with njy daylg oxortlons, I was soon botwoen tho shoots, But sloop was out of tho quostlon. Curiosity to soo ray companion of tho night kept mo awake. Tho neighbouring church clock was just striking the hour of bwolvo whon ray bedroom door oponod, and thoro ontorod n tall young man, gaunt of limb and oadavorous of aountonanco. with long blnok hair oollod about his hand, and with a plaited pigtail hanging down his bnok. " ' i grootad Ills aomlng with n ol'II 'Goocl ovonlng,' Ho unaworod only with a mii'ly grunt. I spoka no moro, but watohod tils movomonts norvonsly. .Prom his pookot ho prosontly drovv a largo knlfo, whluli, bolng oponad, dlsolosiid a long, sharn-polntod bludo, (It only, as my now i'uurail thoughts suggusbod, i'or tho outtlng oE throats or tho stinking oE pigs. '.I'liat iculL'o was laid upon tho tablo. Nuxt, from anothor poolcut, my mvHtorl ouh oompaulon took a ploou oi! ohallc, and going down upon Mm Iciuiom In tho ooutro oE tlio room .ho ilrow upon thu ununr putud floor a olrolo, niuttorlng to hhminlf tho whllo words thatsoundod ilko lloarful oaths and bhruats of sanguinary Import, This huslmiMS hotng oonoludod, ho took up tho knlto, soatod hlmsolE npr>u tho sldo ol! tho hod, ralsod tho woapoii aloft, and Hung It from him with tnrrlflo Eoroo, I ts point oamo down right In tho oontro of tho ol rolo, Again and again wan this straugo oxpurliiiunt trim I, and ovon whllo tlio piirsjil ration oamo from my poros through tho fright whloh was taking posnoMslnn of my soul, I oould not lint wondur at his titiflrrlng aim, Whim at longtli I mus« tnrod ooiirago onough to ask tho moaning of tliiiso ox trim rill nary proooiidlngs, I was aiiNworod only with anothor grunt, whloh was nolthor polltu nor ro-iuisurlng, VVlion for tbo twuntloth time blado had been fixed In circle, It was lifted up horror 1 under my eomp^j ■■ and while my llmb3 trembly my hand travelled quite wards to cover my throat. aJ^B from another pooket the he was now In my eyea-«Uww^H I thing which he proceeded ; llame of the candle, which gloomy light to the apartment," was a spluttering and a aucvS room was filled with what, lot slokenlng odor, and my mind vJB with thoughts of human dullspJB ing oabalistlo oeremoulcs etc tbB floed their vlotlms and IndulgedhB of blood. ■ ii The very bed shook under tfl great was my mental and phjatalfl tion. 1 was now too unnerved tot] for help, and too paralysedhy(cattj| to the floor and esoapo. llyonljl was in deoeit, I would pretend t,-J and await the return of cournse n-1 onportunlty to resist the coming The burnt and still smnVtr,,. was presently placod upon theflvi centre of the amnio circle, ni i, times round It did tho osrowal1 it with fiendish dollght.nndj log as he wont, Suddenly he M-, fiendish srallo of satisfaction7. from his wialcod oyos, and burW Othello about to murder orled j 'Out with tho ll^htsl v, the bloody deed I' In nn instantVr die was extinguished, and bine'stlc'i added to my terror, 1 hoard hij proaoh the bod, upon which t-; seated htmaolf, unci then all w« while like great tears the ponplmi; coursing down my ohoeks, " Harlc I what sound was thy,! was a scratching nnd aicrnnlny.K; oamo tho soft pnttoringof root, li'sri of a ghost who had left Wssllpp: What was it that moved and cm about that awful room ? More k moro scratching, followed by a p and crunching that seemed to en my very soul, t could not nn could not cry out, My limbs \ helpless i my tonguo olavo to the r my mouth j and, when slowly, bun it dawned upon mo that tho ogre's was being passod bonoath bli [ whon I hoard tho ollok of the whon, in tho moonlight that nw streaming through tho window,' that fearful gllttorlng blade; wh itraisod to strike, 1 folt that mylni: como, and my hair stood tip with n and silently I prayed as I neverp: before. „tl ,, " Wblsty. I Thud I. " 0 I tvimt lind impMnen;. ftwfuI Hlloiioo onvo why to fr'jl aaroftms, unoaitlity shvlob ton! ill mi «c|itonl« nssnllcd 01/1 Xhon nil ngnln wns stlll-tllll i| ui'Oftcifijl gi'ftvo, 'J'Jion cftitio 0 tuxl flondlah lough, I "J XIftl ha 1' oliuoklod tho owml the lcnlfo, • Dond, for n ducat, ifcf Aiul ns ho ntruak a llfilit, a ml ooiivngo Hoomod to toko poiscnloiHll ftnd Htivrting up, I Holzod Idtn t/I throat, ftnd orlod 1 'MonsterI whitl of blood In thisIfo niHWowl f ' It tit a I' And thoro, Indeed, wlttsiJ mnglo olrolo, liiv it fuli'growiiMiii'J flxod by hla awful knlfo. I " 1 Why? wlmt ft funky fool .toil ho oxoltilmod, as lio shook 1110 oil, j mo explain now. And tlion you c,wj Hieop comfortably, flliioo I lw»o | hovo, tluit bonst fmsdlsturbodmyiilfl Hlumburs, f'vo triad poison, Ml trlod tmp«, but without snoods. 01 way homo 1 thought of ft plan !o if ol! my tormentor by moons of iWPj tilorial tile 111 | only apparatus, t«" T and bit of iwtolont oliooso, My »'l Smith, but f tun tliu Grout llyj fCI. Kl, of tho Muslo I lulls, bhMf I'oi'fonuor of tlio Grout ImpiKf Tt'lolc, Hfclolc knlvoit lit tffeiiiyjl botivoon till your lliiwurs or nilF'l without touohliiK you. Hon' , T " I ooutd not iiiiMivor, ltrlcdw' i liut It wns only it fuublu nttO"1!■ tiftttk bnole on my pillow to i"" foolltih fours, iind to rollout 1 , truth of tliu iulft)(d tluit poioriy'y .1 ftO(|Uftintud with str»ii|(o bod- Mft* J 