TOWN" TALK. Amougst the news matter oq the fourth page thia morning will be found a letter re bathing on Sundays, "The Trades Hall Council," "Concert and Tea-meeting at Anglesea," "The Rixltop of Manchester and ttie Jewish Race," "Docs Prohibition Pro hibit," and " How they tell when it is going to rain." Renter telegraphs that the Bulgarian Regents have issued a circular refuting recent Russian official statements, and stat ing that the Bulgarian people are resolved to defend their rights to autonomy. The Bulgarian deputies left London for.Faris on Friday. Prince Alexander of Bnttenberg (and late of Bulgaria) will shortly commence a lengthened tour, his object being to put an end to the numerous reports which are being circulated regarding his future inten tions. The Emperor of Germany, in a lotter to the Red Cross Societies thanking them for their humane labors, expresses a hope that his efforts to maintain peace for Ger many will bo successful. Sir W. White, the British Ambassador to tho Porte, was charged by the Sultan, at an interview on Saturday, to uonvey his best wishes for the new year to her Majesty the Queen. The heat on Saturday and yesterday was, our readers need not be informed, almost unendurable. Peoplo on the former day were hardly able to nttend to the duties of their ordinary avooations, and yesterday the streets were almost deserted. From Mr T. Wright, watohmaker, of Malop-street, we learn that on Saturday the baromotor at his establishment read as follows :—11 a.m., 95 deg. Fahr. in the shade ; 12 noon, 90 deg. do do; 12 noon, 120 deg. (highest reading) in the sun ; 1 p.m., 95 deg. in tho shade ; 4 p.m., 100 deg. in the sun ; 5 p.m., 104 deg. do do; G p.m., 10S deg. do do. Tho Geelong Battery of Garrison Artillery paraded at the orderly rooms on Saturday afternoon for the first time this year. The muster numbered 7S, and, considering the scorching beat, this was a larger gathering than bad been expected. Major Price was in command, and was assisted by Captain Swift and Lieut. HaBsott. After the officers had examined the clothiug and accoutre ments of the meD, the battery prooeeded to the enclosure attached to the South Geelong State school, where the members were put through tho manual and firing oxercises, and subsequently various evolutions in battalion drill, including tho "march past," wore satisfactorily performed. The band was in attendance during the afternoon. The paasengera by the Heme Hill 'bna at four o'olock yesterday afternoon were littletalarmed shortly after leaving the town stand by one of the horses getting itself into a difficulty. The animal, a young one, attempted on reaching tho intersection of Moorabool and Little Mai op streets to tarn into tho latter thoroughfare and head for its stable. The driver at once brought his whip into requisition, and the result was that the horse, in an attempt at kicking, got one of its hind legs over the polo of tho vehicle. Fortunately Mr Walker, proprietor of the 'buses, ,wa3 near at band, and after some trouble, he sncceeded, with assistance, in setting matters right again in a few minntes. There was no business of any kind at the Police Court on Saturday morning. Mr Gib son, J.P., was in attendance, and signed a blank charge sheet. -- An adjourned meeting of the Wyndbam Bhire council was held at Werribce on Satur« day, for the pnrpoBe of considering tho report of the committee appointed to enquire into the suitability of the applicants for the posi tion of engineer, secretary, and treasurer to the shire. After much discussion, the ap pointment was postponed until tho next ordinary meeting of the council, to bo hold on the 31st inst. Notice of motion for that meeting was then given by the president (Cr. M'Naughton) of his intontion to movo that the names of Messrs 3. Cole and Eustace Smith be restored to the list of applicants. We learn that a fminer resident of Mort als?, who is Dow living in another portion of the eolony, has promised to give a sum of £200 in prizes, to be competed for among the members of the G Company.of Mounted RifloB, and the rifle clubs of which that company is a part. Una of tho conditions (says the Camperdown ChronicU) is that the competition will tsko. place .on _tbe._riflo range at Mortlake, and a committee has -been appointed at that township to mako all the necessary arrangements. The experiment of rotming a speoial ex* ■ cnrsion train from Melbonrne, to give people the oppertnnity of spending Saturday after noon and night and Sunday and Monday by the seaside at Qeelong, was made on Satnr-. day afternoon. It may be considered a [ success, for 130 passengers were bronght to this town by the train, wbioh arrived about four o'olock in' the afternoon, and only ten of the visitors returned to the metropolis by. the same special, 'which left Gpelong for. Molbourooat 7.45 p.m. The privilege is extended to the Saturday afternoon exenr-: sioniats of returning to Melbourne by any of: tbe ordinary .trains op to Monday night.' There is no doubt that when the public of Melbourne become fully aware of the cheap ' acilities of getting ta the seaside the Satur day train:will be largely availed of. The,, return fares are reasonably low, viz.:—First olasr, adults,-7s 6d ; second class, adults, 3s 6d ; children, under 15 years of age, 3s 3d.' first class, and Is lOd second class. In other places besides Sandhurst persons who desire to get seaside railway tioksts to Geelong are complaining of the want of the" facility. At all stations -beyond Ballarat there appears to be a barrier plaoed against Geelong, although seaside tickets are issued : to Queensoliff, Lome, and Portland, from all stations. On Saturday several persons from stations beyond Ballarat came to Geelong on seaside tickets issued for Queensoliff, and as they arrived by tbe laBt train from Ballarat they were not in time to' get the last train leaving for the Cliff. The inconsistency of.the Railway department in > the issue of tickets intended to give people ; the chance of spending a' few hours by the ' sea is very apparent. Persons who reside in Melbourne, and who are close to . the sea, have tbe privilege of coming to Geelong at cheap fares, whilst those. who reside hun dreds of miles away from the sea are denied the luxury. The sooner the alteration'is made the better for the department and the' people. ; . A complaint known as English cholera, which has been prevalent in the town and suburbs for the past fortnight, has within the past few days assumed very serious aspects. Citizens have been suddenly stricken . down with excruciating pains in the abdo- minal regions, necessitating immediate medical attendance and prompt hot water fomentations. Serious consequences have resulted in several instances, one of which is that of Mr Peter Le Page, of Hope- street, Geelong West, who for over twenty years has occupied the po- sition of storeman at different times for Messrs Buckland and Burnett, Synnot and Co., and Robinson, Burns and Sparrow. He was working for the last-named firm up to six o'clock on Thursday evening, was suddenly seized with the cholera pains on Friday morning, and on Saturday morning he died. The deceased was a thoroughly reliable man in his efforts for his employers, and among the teetotal societies his loss will also be severely felt. The Corio Bay Rowing Clnb have decided . upon entering crews for the Senior Eight, ■ the Jnnior Four, the Maiden Eight, and the * Gig Four contests at tbe Albert Park re gatta, which is to take place towards the end of next month. The following have been selectsd to represent the club :—Senior Eight—Brownlow (str), Perry, Bannister, Armonr, Eeenan, Moir, Wilson, andHenkel (bow); Junior Four—Mathews (str), Cur« now, Brequet, and Price (bow); Maiden Eight—Mathews (str), Friend, Kerley, Loa« quille, Kearney, Orchard, Brequet, and Price (bow); Maiden Gig Four—Thompson (str), Wright, Laird, and Dimelow (bow), The senior orew is the same that won at Colac with tbe exoeption of Kohn, who is not now included ; and the Junior Four named above are the representatives of the clab who won the Maiden Outrigger Four at Colao, . ' > Our Drysdale correspondent, writing on Saturday evening, says ;—Tbe weather is extremely hot, and there 1b every appearance . of its continuing to be so. The Bellarine ' and Drysdale Quadrille Assembly held a social in the assembly hall here last evening. There were about 30 oonple present. Messrs Ashmore's band, from Geelong, supplied " tbe mnsic, and dancing was kept up till daylight. Arrangements have been made to hold the Drysdale annual races on the course, a short distance from the Drysdale station, on the Sth February. Tbe programme will comprise the following events, viz:—Hurdle Race, Maiden Race, Drysdale Handicap, Handicap * Trot, Handicap District Race, Handioap Flying Stakes, Lfack Race. Attention has been repeatedly oalledto the dangerous state of a portion of the platform on tbe west side of the approaoh to the Moorabool-street wharf. Many of the - planks are not fastened down at each end, whilst othors are worn out and very uneven. These defects are sources of great annoyance • and danger to persons traversing tbe wharf in tho daylight when going to the steamers Alert and Excelsior. At nighttime the dangers are increased, as they caonot easily bo detected in the somewhat indifferent gaslight, and accidents have occurred to unwary pedestrians of both sexes, who have been tripped by the Budden rising of the ends of the planks, or projecting nails above the surface of tho platform. The government inspector of public works here, or tbe ener getic harbormaster, should not any longer neglect to have the neoessary repairs effeoted before an accident of a serious nature occurs. At the South Bsrwon Polioe Court on Saturday morning, a young man named Edward Lloyd, a contractor, was proceeded , against, on summons, by John O'Keefe, Iieenseo of the Belmont Hotel, for unlawful, asBault. Tlioro were alBO summonses against ' him, claiming £20 damages, Mr Wbyte appeared for the complainant, and Mr -' M'Cormick for the defendant. Mr O'Keefe gave evidence that between eight and nine o'clock upon the even ing of the 11th proximo, whilst he was; standing at the door of his hotel with two other men, Lloyd made use of insulting words to him, and witbont having received any provocation seized hold of witness and threw him violently upon the footpath, and injured bis leg. Witness was still suffering from the effeots of the fall, which had necessitated his consulting a medical man. Dr. Pincott informed the benoh that] the injuries wbioh the oomplainant had reoeived were a rather severe contusion of the right hip, contusions of the right arm, and a wound on the back of the head. An eye-witness of the assault gave evidence similar to that of the com plainant, and the benoh, oonsiderlog the charge proved, decided to fine Lloyd 20s, with 2ls costs: Damages amounting to £2 2s, with £2 15s costs, were also given in the second case. The magistrates were Messrs Heron, P.M., and White ahd Adcook, Js;P. The monthly report of the City of Melbourne Building Society, of which Mr H, F, Kichard eon is the local agent, as prepared by the secretary, Mr C. J, Richardson, showed a total receipt of £22,427 4s 2d for December, 1886. During the mouth 129 investing shares of £25 each, also 408 £5 fixed shares were issued, and deposits received to the amount of £14,250; 15 loans were granted in sums varying from £150 to £400. The second issue of £5 fixed shares at a premium of Is per share would soon be all taken up, as daily applications were being made for the same. " Her Majesty's Colonies" was tbe title of a.volume forming; part of the voluminous literature associated with tho late Exhibi tion. Mr TreodcH'e name appeared npon the title-page as the author, and ft Becured him the honor of a special introduction to the Queen and the coveted C.M.G. It is now declared (says tho Argus correspondent) that he not ouly did not write this much bepraiaed booh, but that he did uot even edit it, as usually understood. The Aus tralasian section, it is asserted, was thewnik of Mr Chaudler, the Canadian, that of Mr Ford, and other writers dealt with the remaining colonies. It is declared that cliqnism and jobbery have in many instances been successful in witnholding rewards and recognition from those who really insured tho popular success of the Exhibition; Loud complaints have been received from India of injustice in this respect, and an equally legitimate outcry may be expected to be raised in the colonies. The state of the French navy (writes the London correspondent of the Age) continues to cause much uneasiness. The absurd jubilation of a few weeks ago is followed by a state of dejection which seems to be too much the other way. The Dcbais now com pares the relative strength of Franco with that of Germany, and does not find much comfort. It is admitted that France no longer possesses the crushing superiority by Bea which availed her so little in 1S70. France has 13 sea-going ironclads and Ger many 12 ; bnt she has double the number of crnisers. Germany, however, has a cousi- i datable preponderance of torpedo boats, and tbe belief in France is that these are of most importance. The conclusion arrived at is tnat in case of war Germany would keep her ironclade at home and send out her torpedo boats to destroy the French fleet. This does not look at all logical, for if the German torpedoes could destroy the French fleet they would snrely be able to defend tho German ironclads. Such criticisms are not of mnch value. A fearful affair is reported from Yerviers, in Belgium. On the night of 27th .November an untrained lion, appropriately called Brutus, on being let into a cage, which an attendant named Gremier had not had time to leave, showed signs of great excitement, taking prodigious leaps all about the cage and nttering appalling roars. Seeing the man in danger, the lion qneen, a Madame Sonmeb, entered the cage to enable Gremier to withdraw, when the lion rnshed at bar and fastened bis teeth in the lower part of her face. A professional tamer, Augusta Bonvillant, went to the rescue, and by main force opened the lion's jaws, thus enabling tbennfortnDate woman to totter onfc of the cage. A portion of her lower jaw, with some of the teeth, had been bitten away. The savage beast turned his fury upon Bonvil lant, and he and the lion actually wrestled together for two or three minutes, the lion savagely biting the man about the chest and shoulders. Finally, one of the attendants, by attacking the lion with a pitohfork from outside the cage, made him let go his hold, and Bonvillant rushed out of tho cage and fainted away. Madame Soumet's life is despaired of, bnt Bonvillant is expected to recover. The London correspondent of the Age writes;—The most remarkable fact abont the Bulgarian crisis is that, from beginning to end of its history, the policy of England has been uniformly triumphant, even when the course of events seemed to bo most favorable to JRussia, Concessions were made on some points, hut they had little bearing on results of any great importance. General Kanlbars has from first to last declared that his mission was a failure. His demands were substantially resieted, and his threats remaiu unfulfilled, Tho ooly promise he kept was that of his own retire ment, and this was accepted as a boon rather than as an infliction. Almost any thing may yet happen ; bnt one thing is certain, and that is, that if Russia contem plates war she is not yet ready to throw down the ganntlet. A rather curious case will shortly be heard before the tribunal of a German town, tho original cause of which is a rat. It seems that some time ago tho houso of an inhabi tant of the town was iDvaded by a number of rats, and to get rid of them the following strategem was resorted to. Tho inmate of tbe honse caught one of the intruders, tied a string of little bells round its neck, and let ft go. The rat, on regaiuing its liberty, went to rejoin its fellows, but the latter, soared by tho jingling of the bells, fled from tbe house, and sought domicile elsewhere. As for the one with tho bells attached, it chose a neighbor's house for its abode, and it was this that led to the present lawsuit. The inmate of the house was awoke one night by the mysterious jingling of a hell, and, nnable to account for the sound, he spoke about tbe matter to his family and household. The worthy peopio were ex tremely superstitions, and when on several succeeding nights the tinkling of bells was distinctly heard by everyone, the only con clusion that could bo reached was that the bouse was haunted. Under this impression, tbe servants quitted their places, their mis tress fell ill ; in faot, to the peace and tran quility that had formerly reigned succeeded terror and alarm. Ultimately it chanced : that tho "ghost"—that is to say, tho rat— was caught, and npon the much tormented family learning who had belied tbe creature, it was decided to bring an action against hira to obtain compensation for all the worry his strategem had occasioned his neighbors. At the meeting of the executive com mittee of the United Fire Brigades' Jubilee Tournament and Exhibition on Thursday, Snpt, J. R, Ballenger pre sided. The conditions for tbe steam eDgino contest were finally ndopted, as follow :—Each steam fire engine to compete with six firemen, fully accoutred, in uniform, with helmet, axe and key to bo on belt, two horses and one driver allowed each engine. Horses to be tied to a fixture, and with men to stand 10 yards at opposite side from engine. At first sennd of alarm horses to be harnessed, taken from stand and hitched up' to engine ; the boiler to be lighted np at start, men to bo mounted on engine and travel 260 yarde to the fire ping. At first to run out four 10 feet lengths of hose on delivery with branch and lin nozzle, and strike disc 70ft high. While working to run out another delivery of hose of four 50ft lengths, with branch and J-in nozzle, and strike second disc. When ready, and the engine has been running for 5 minutes with the lin nozzle, knock off the first delivery, chango the lin for a f-in, and start the engine again, and strike disc with both J in jets together. The details and instructions were also adopted, Tbe Vienna correspondent of tho Dai'y A7avf telegraphs " Shortly before the Jewish New Year's Day a circular was sent to a number of Galician parishes calling npon the yonng men to arm themselves with scythes and hatchet3, and on New Year's Eve go to Lieszanoff, where a general massacre and piltago of the Jews was to take place, which it was stated had been ordered by the Diet of Lemberg and the Reichsrath in Vienna, and of which his Majesty tho Emperor approved. The document, of which many copies were issued, was pro vided with tbe official Beal and the well imitated signature of the District-Governor. Fortunately tho priest of one of the parishes recognising the circular to be a forgery Immediately apprised the authorities. Tho writer was discovered, bnt he proved to bo only an instrument, having acted in tbe pay of some unknown person.' The classes at theParkvilleLadies'Academy vrfll re assemble on ihe 9th proximo. ■ Tendersfor various works iu the borough of teelong West are invited through onr adver tising columns. A notice to all persons interested in tho working of the Factories and Shops Act is published in onr advertising columns, i On Thursday evening, 20th inst., the annual EeM,e.ra unljetlng o£ the Mechanics'Institnte will be held. JiWo would remind onr readers that Dr Lynn the magician, who has a world- renowned reputation as a wonder worker, will appear at the Exhibition Theatre to-night. The Queenscliff Racing Clnb's annual <*atlier Ing will be held on the 10th Fe1 ruary; the programme of events will be advertised 'in a lew days' time. BnsineiB in connection with the Geelong Mntnsl Improvement Association will be resumed this evening in the Mechanics' Hall classroom. Next Wednesday evening the Rickards Leete Comedy Company will commence in Hit Exhibition theatre a series of three entertain ments. The company will open the season with a new musical drama, entitled " On Guard." Attention is directed to the sale this day a 12 o clock, of blankets, bed and table linen, balf_ testar and French bedsteads, walnut writing desk, e.p. forks and table cutlery, dinner and breakfast eervices, etc., etc., at Mr Davison's auction rooms. Market Square. This evening the annual week of prayer in the Protestant Churches will be commenced. Addresses will be delivered ae follows:— Eyrie-street Presbyterian Church, Rev. R. C. Flockart; South Geelong Weslavan Church', Rev. J. Barnirigham, 