Who Lost It? While bn the way to my office a few (leys since, I discovered lying in my path a small book, which, upon opening, 1 found to be an 1887 diary. There is no name upon the inside to show who tho owner iB, but possibly, if X dosoribo it, and quote some of tho entries which appear in home-made " bluing " ink upon its pages, it will enable tho owner to claim her property. The book, while in repose, is oblong in shape, but when opened, forms a perfect square. Tho cover is a crude imitation of aligator leather, with a large grease spot in the upper right hand corner, which spreads as it reaches the back, forming graceful fes toons ; tho effect is vory pleasing to the eye. ThiB lead me to believe that tho owner had accidentally dropped the book into her soup. Upon the fly-leaf are the words, “ Price fourpence, marked down from sixpence.” This is also vory pleasing to the eye, as the penman shows a decided Civil Service twist in his writing. Under the head of Saturday, January 1st, she has penned the following : “ To-day, papa dear ‘ swore off ’ smoking, drinking, swearing, gambling, and opium eating, Ah, how happy I am. I would kiss him were I not afraid it would spoil my complexion.” From tho above I take it that her father haa heretofore devoted his life to the acquisi tion of vices. Men differ in. their tastes j some love to gather postage-stamps, others coins, and others cigar butts, hut this young lady’s father seemed to have yearned for tbo different vices, which our glorious coun try so amply and copiously supplies. “Sunday, Jan. 2nd, went to church, and sat with that dctestihlo Henrietta Perkins. Oh, she had on tho most stunning dress in the congregation—forgot what minister said—and the loveliest bonnet I ever saw, too, but if I was a9 plain as she, I would wear a veil. I know her face must ache. Think I’ll go to bed; the gas company has shut off our gas, and Bridget, the cook, is using the last candle in the house, to read a cheap novel by.” “ Monday, Jan. 3rd. We had beefsteak and onions to-day, for the first time sinco papa dear was sold out by the bailiff. Oh, it was bo nice—especially the onions. The aroma which arose from them seemed to per meate my very soul, and brought hack sweet memories of tho past, when we lmd meat three times a day, and enough left over to feed Bridget and poor little Fido. Bridget ia still able to walk, but Fido, since killing our neighbor’s cat and eating it, lias had nothing to stay his cravings, and is slowly evaporating. X pity him, and offered him a piece of onion thia noon, but his eyes were already glassy, and I could plainly seo that his F.enses were wandering," The above shows plainly that the young lady’s father, in his mad raco for vices to complete his collection, waited tv>e long be fore a wearing off, and is a ruined man. “ Tuesday, Jan,4th, Little brother Eddie coughed up a p-3 button to-day, that he swallowed some months ago. It was a God send, for papa dear has been depending on a wire nail to hold up his p-s, for ever bo long, and mamma and I buried our heads on each others necks and just wept for very joy, when we discovered what sweet little Eddie had done," “Wednesday, Jan. 5th. Bridget kicked the oven door off the stove to-day, in her wrath, and said she must have hor wages and something to eat, or she would hftve papa dear arrested. These cooks are so bold, and expect to bo treated just like one of the family. She says that she is tired of liver, but if she must have it she insists upon at least one largo mouthful at each meal. Her impudence almost drives me mad. The idea of her having a whole mouthful of liver when Fido and the rest of the family arc slowly dying of starvation." * “jTuesday, Jan. Gth. At last Fido has given up the ghost, and his spirit has fitted to ‘The undiscovered country from whose bourn No traveller returns.’ “ Mamma dear and I wept in silence when we saw papa islyly bury poor Fido in our neighbor’s yard, “ Friday, Jan. 7th, Tho cooking-stove is a total wreck. Bridget, while in one of her tantrums, kicked tho three remaining doors off, and says that she wants it distinctly un derstood that unless she can have fiih on Friday sho will leave, and take tho furni ture with her," Here the entries come to an abrupt end, and this leads me to believe that the book was lost on or about January 8th. The book is still in my possession, and tho owner can have the samo by calling at this office. 