? — ~ — : ? ? ? ? ? \ . mooeliat. , T ^ DAYS OF CRIME TT;T'T Tt'.- AND YEARS OF SUFFERING' \ ? --»* [?] J' ' . GHAPTEjR' XXIX.— f Continue j) ^ 'But cntorpriso begets competition, \ and originality leads to imitation. Thus , it was that a -follow namod Bough, under ? Bontonoo to two years, took it'. into his hoad to do a littlo agoncy biisinoss for a moro . ordinary turnkey, and. was fast .'pookating all Ponton's cash ; and what was' ? - .mora embarrassing still, was gobting quite ? . familiar with tho mysteries' of tho osta ? blishnionb. It therefore bccamo im porativo to roniovo Hough, and Hough ) was aceoidingly roinoved to another gaol. ' , - - , Soino few days after Bough's removal, ? voi-y curly ono morning a lottor was bi ought to tho gaol gates, addressed lo ' tho shcnfl. Tho lottor was brought ? - ' into tho gaol ollieo. I took it from !,-(.? r-v tho turnkoy who handed it in, and as \- v. i soon as I glanced at tho superscription , ' . I walkod over with it to Mr. Palmer's ? ? desk aijd said — 'Bough's writing — dangeiouB ' Mr. Paliiior mado 110 reply. Ho looked at tho lottor for n minuto or two, and thou, placing it boforq 1110, walked out of tho olhco C know woll enough without ? being told what I had to do, and so, with out any hoiitation. I opened tho lottor and lead it As I oxpoetcd, it contained a tir.ido of abuse against myself, aud a long ' ? statement luroforenco toFontou'B money. ? ? I copied tho heads of tho lottor, and thou onqlosod it again quito artistically. Mr. Pulmor sliortly returiiod to tho ollice, and I 'Plaocd my extracts before him. Ho was ? . t . quite bowildorod as to tho Btops to bo : ? - ? t taken, nnd suggested tho advisability of burning tho letter. I saw this would not '*.? ?? ' auswor, for if UoUgh hoard nothing moro , of his communication lio would bo apt to spoak to tho Bhorifl; on his first visit, and ? this might load to awkward inquiries. I thorofoio advised that tho lottor should bo -: 1, r - . loft at tho Bhorifl's ollieo, along with a lot of othorpnpsrs, before tho sheriff arrived, and thon tho sheriff would not bo in tlio . least awaro that it had over been soen in gaol at all As I always protendod to the ??'r: prisonors in making bargains with them . . , . , - -. ' that tho money was kopt in an iron safo ; . m the ollieo, of which I possessed a dupli ... . cato Key, and that it was I who wasjrun limg n desporate risk in taking it out, Mr. v. Palmer's namo was novor montionod in , ' -any baigam that I mado with Ponton. If, . ~ . thon, Fonton should bo oallod and ox -i'.' uinmod by .tho shoriil, I saw cloarly ? ' enough 111 it if evon ho told tho truth (as \- ... ? tho truth soonied to him), tho Bhorifl' . Would dotoct a lio upon tho vory faco of ? tho story, Tho balanco of money pro peily duo to tho man was ontored in tlio -{ . ' prisonors' caahbook, and Mr. Palmor would of courso say that ho still hold to bo disposed of as tho Government might) diiLOt. Just what I had anti \- oipatod loally liapponed. Tho slieriff, ? m tlio coui so of tho morning, camo down . to tlio oiheo, and told n)o to go out for a , ' fow mmutes, as ho wanted to speak to tho ! gaolor. Out I walked accordingly, and in a fow minutes Ponton was sent for. Ho ; ? ? was in with tho shoriff for somo miiiutes, ^ and thon tho ahorift -wont himsolf away, and Ponton was lookod up. Ponton's ?? statomont was (to all appohrauco) bo ovi ( dontly a fabrication that tho Bhoriff . wouldn't listen to it, I am-iiot suro, but ? .r , ~ I boliovo Rough was punishod for making i a malicious statomcnt. Tlio ouly ovil ro \- - .. suiting fiom this follow's oflieiousness was tho loss of tlio monoy. \- * 'I am happy, liowover, to bo ablo to ;; aBsuro tho reader that, through my admirablo arrangements and vory judi ^ oioua managemont that theso losses . - occurred 4but seldom. Pardon this solf l*ud»tion j it is really my duo, N ' I believe ChurVs I.amli was iim!, -,nl \\- a very good author, but a very good ckri; into tho bargain. But, neverlheU'.1;.;, jhi a rulo, literary aspiratioiiH and clerical duties don't vory woll harmonise. 1 do not assort that a literary clerk has o£ necessity a tendency 1 to pen a staim when ho should engross,' but I know from my own experience that it is very diflicult to bo correct iu making out accounts when tlicro exists in tho mind any tendency to tho I pootic. Everybody knows that I havo mathematics enough to pass an exami nation, and yet somehow in that Tipton Gaol I never could bo correct, ' It was tlio practico of tho gaoler to purchaso on bolialf of tlio Government, for tlio uso of tho establishment, wood, limo, &c.; Tlio vendors of theso com modities, so long as thoy got tho monoy for which thay sold, wero perfectly willing to sign anything, leannotsayhowithapponed that 1 wa^ always cxlrcmoly busy when ever any purchaso of this kind was made, and when tho vendors entered the ollieo to sign tho vouchor which had to bo for warded to tho treasury, I used (being ill a hurry). to say, ' Ilero, just sign it blank ; I'll /ill it in afterwards.' ' What fatal mistakes I used afterward to mako, to be suro. If it was a common cart-load of wood that cost thirty shillings, when I came to mako out .tlio account I was almost certain to remember it as a waggon-load, for which threo pounds had been paid. If twenty bushels of lime woro purchased at firo shillings .1 bushel, undor tho influenco of somo chronic dis order of tho mind tho transaction figured in tho account as thirty bushels at seven and sixponco. Tho receipts appended to thtso accounts had to bo witnessed, bill as it was so vory troublesome to bo calling Bomoono into tho oflicj every now and thon for .tho purposo I allowed them to ro main until thoro woro several which re quired witnessing, and then Mr. Palmer introduced a turnkoy, who was unablo to i*ead, but who could write his own name, to witness tho payment of tho money— not tho actual payment, but just what happenod to be written down, and then, after obtaining the sheriff's signature to the accounts, Sir. Paimer walked off to the treasury and received tho money. 'All Government business, as far as 1 am acquainted with it, appears to bo done in a niannor which aooms to.doclare plainly enough that overy o/licerin tho service has a tondoncy to bo dishonest. What a vast amount of elorical detail, what duplicate and triplicate returns, what signing and counter-signing, w.liat auditing in this oflico and chocking again in that, and yet how really impotoiit are all these expen sive safoguards to guard against rascality when rascality is resolved upon. I should liko to know who, among tho host of offi cials through whoso hands Mr. Palmer's accounts passed, ever discovered tho fact that Mr. Palmer was doing tlio Govern ment brown. ' Another profitable sourco of income was tho transfer of prisonors to other estab lishments. ' Thoro wero somo places to wliioh tho prisonors liked to bo sent, and others which thoy woro anxious to bo kept away from. Tho power of selecting tho 111011 was in a gronl, nifnsiiro in Mr. Pal mor's hands, and I- must say that ' this power was always oxcrcised with tlio nicest discrimination, for the right man was suro to go to tlio right place, which assertion simply signifies tlwt tho man who could pay was sent to tho placo deemed good, and tho man who could not pay to tlio placo roputed to be bad. ' In connection with theso paymonls I havo to declare a fact and to relate an anocdote. ' Firstfor tho fact. It was often asserted by certain malovolent- niinded persons that Xlr. Palmer was a proud man. This I deny, it is truo that he had an air of dignity peculiar to himself in tho manner in which lio transferred to his waistcoat pocket tho ?EG-notes which I was accustomed to placo upon his desk ; but I declaro most solemnly, that so humble was hu in tlio estimato he formod of his own valuo, that I10 always received with a thankful spirit tho modest offering of lialt'-a-crown. It was with foar and trembling that I at lirst ven tured to present so insignificant a sum for his acceptance ; but tho great good' man sinilod benignly upon tho gift, and proved his merit by his modesty. Am I not right, thon, in declaring that Mr. Palmor was not a proud man ' Now for tho. atiecdolo. ? Thoro was a now establishment to bo opened in tho vicinity of Tipton, and Tipton Gaol was to transfer to it somo thirty or forty pri soners. Through my agent, tlia barber, this news was vory quickly dissomin-ited through tho prison ; nnd on tho day after its promulgation I presonted mysolf in tho labor-yard for tho purposo of rocoiviug tendors. I asked tfuc if I10 could cookj an other if I10 could look aftorahorso, a third if ho understood waiting at tablo, and thus, without any diroct assertion of mino, it was understood that I was seeking for 111011 to Jill tho billots in the now prison. Candidates innumerable presentod them solvos, but 1 told thorn thoy wero mis taken ; all I could promise was that they should bo sent, and as to boing- placed in a billot, why thoy must tnko thoir chunco, though, as a mattor of courso, those who wont first would doubtloss bo selectod. I was in tho yard something loss than an hour, and on loaving it I had tho nainos of twenty applicants, and tlio sum of £1G in my pockot.' Tho mon wero all sent, and ton othor names woro also inserted 011 tho list. Among theso ten names was tho namo of Aaron Dutch. This namo waB soon by tho barber, who usod to swoop tho ollieo out, and lio voryuiaturally told tlio man I10 was going. c Aaron was a cuto follow, and so ho thought I10 might bo' ablo to work a dodgo. Ho Bont to 1110 lo say that ho wished to speak to 1110. I accord ingly went to tho iron-railed gato of tho yard in which lio- was confined, nnd calling hini to it asked him what ho wanted. IIo said ho wanted 1110 to send him with tho othor mon to tho othor placo, and that I10 would givo 1110 £3. Ho took a ,-Co-noto out of his pockot and asked 1110 if I had threo sovoroigns to givo him. I directed him to wait a minute, and back I wont to tho oflico and obtained tho monoy. On re turning to tlio gato Aaron still had in his hand tho ;S5, and as I - passed tho threo sovoroigns to liim ho passed tho note to mo. Without looking at tho noto I placed it boforo Mr. l'almcr, who wa3 sitting at his desk, but when I10 camo to look at it I10 found it was only a worthless Hash noto. I was torribl.y voxod at being out witted, and aUliouj'li Aaron's 11111110 was in tho roturns, I dotorniinod to mako them out again and substitute another iinmo for his. I first wont to him and told him that stones woro being brokon at a shilling a yard in tho gaol, and that unless ho handed 1110 back tho monoy I10 would bo detained in Tipton Gaol until ho had broken sixty I yard .I t'f stone, lie only laughed at 1110, and said lio knew vory well thatVisnamo war. second 011 tho lint, and that I10 was going without payment at all.' The balanco of my friend's Tipton Gaol experiences I must reservo for anothor chapter. CHAPTER XXX. 1'IU.SOX MYSTKUICS (CONTINUED.) ' I returned to .Mr. Palmor, and re lated to hiiu what tho fellow had said, and I represented that it would, in a business point of view, bo very impolitic to Buffer Aaron to go, as it would load other men to think that, after all, paying didn't seem iu tho least nccc33.iry. With Mr. Palmers' concurreuco I sat up that night and mado out a fresh roturn,' in which the namo of Aaron Dutch did not appear. ' Tho very day tho men woro called out it so happened that the sheriff visitod tho yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his din appointment, contained to tho sheriff I that I had threatened to keep him in tho gaol unless he paid 1110 £0 to bo sent olso where. Mr. Palmer was proscnt, and I10 informed tlio sheriff that I had nothing to do with tho selection of tho men, as ho always made tiie list out himself. Tho Bhoriff took 110 notico of tho complaint, and Dutch was hot sont away for somo I weeks. 'J havo now to spoak of an ovont which grieved 1110 vory much. It- soon became know to tho prisonors- that all business had to bo done through tho 1 dark.' If a maii wanted a visit from a friend, tho ' dark' was appealed lo. If a billot was required it.was tho ' dark ' who was feo'd. If thoro was any money in the oflico it was tho ' dark' who was spoken to about it. I11 brief, every kind of crosnwork that wns required to bo dono had to pass through tho hands of tho ' clark.' O' Ono day a messago camo to mo from 11 man named Batty, informing mo that he would givo mofivo pounds tosond him to another station. I immediately wont to tho man and assured him that on receipt of tho monoy ho should bo transferred. IIo told mo that ho had no monoy with liim in tho prison, but that ho woul'd Bond word out and got it. Ho accordingly sent a noto to somo girl with whom ho had been living, directing hor to givo tho 1 clink1 of the gaol £i- to havo him (Batty) sont to somo better placo. This noto was delivered byadischargedprisonerjand tho house at which it was delivered was a brothel. Tho girl, aftor reading tho noto, throw it down upon the tablo. A fow minutes afterwards the detcctivo police had occasion to pay a visit to tho brothel, and ono of tlieni took up tho noto and road it. Seoing in it that tho gaol ' dark' had to bo bribed, they determined to mako' tho experiment themselves. With this view thoy got a person who was not known at tho gaol to stop tho free clcrk of Tipton Gaol as ho was leaving for homo, and maito him tho offer of £5 if I10 would send Batty to anothor es tablishment. ' The next morning tho freo clorlf asked mo (I10 know vory littlo of tho business himself) it tlioro was a man of tlio nam ?-i'AUlnir - iiiirty ill tlio' glial. . Jl toI''v him that thero was, and I10 then askeu' 1110 if I could oblige him by inserting his namo in tho next list of transfers. 1 an swered that I could easily do it if I10 wialiod it. 'No moro was said. I thought in my own mind that Batty'sfrionds had arranged with tho free clork in tho matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a largo family, that I10 had tho opportunity of obtaining a trifle. Ho was a vory gentle manly man, and was not in any way con cerned in tlio doings of -Messrs. Palmor, Sawyer, and Co., although, being Blirowd, I10 judged that things woro not oxactlyon tho square. Tlio in-xt morning tho freo clork ontored th-T gaol offices as pale as a ghost. Ho waB very much excitod, and walked backwards and forwards in tho oflico without spoaking a word. ? At last, turning to mo, I10 said — ' 1 am completely ruined ; what my poorfamily will doldon't know. God liolp me ! I'm au unfortunate man.' ' Ho thon wont on to toll 1110 that 011 tho preceding ovoning ho had accepted a £5-noto from a person who represented himsolf to bo related to the prisonor, Arthur Batty, which sum was givon him with tho understanding that I10 was to sond Batty away as Boon as possible to Homo othor station-; that tho person who handed tho monoy to him was in reality a police agont, acting with tho sheriffs con currence, and that tho shoriff lmd himsolf witnossod, from somo window, tho tran saction.' ''I havo been sont for by tho sheriff this morning,' said tho poor clork ; 'and thoro is a noto in. his possession which, officially referring to mo as tho gaol clerk, leads him to tho conclusion that I am accustomod to accopt bribes. Ho would not listen to my protestations of innocence, but told mo ho had no alternation but to dismiss 1110 at once.' 'Iudoed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for tho poor gentleman, as ho stood boforo mo so evidently distressed in mind at his position. Ho was well connected ; had boon onco a morchant in Belfast. I pitied him much becauso 1 know well enough that lie had nover recoivcd a six ponco from anyone heforo by way of a bribo. In fact, ho had no powor what ovor in Tipton Gaol to mako it worth any body's whilo to bribo him. He lived in an atmosphoro of corruption, and I10 know it ; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, his surroundings scrvod to proparo him to yield to tho temptation, whon tho temptation was sot boforo him. 'I Boon diacovoiod that tho same weakness of character which had lod tho freo clork to accept tho bribo had also allowed him to make uso of moneys which ho had officially recoivod, and I confess that I then commiserated his misfortuno less. ' It 'was tho 20th day of tho month (I remember it well) when his dismissal took placo, and ho then had in his possession all tho monoy ho had rocoived from prisoners and othor sources during tho month, as it was his practico to settle with Mr. Palmor 011 tho last day of cach month. Tho amount that, at the timo of his dismissal, lio was in debted to the gaol was upwards ,.of £50 aud I10 hud not a Kixpeneo to pay it with. 'Mr. Palmor was not in a position lo quarrel with him, so lio accepted a proniissory-noto for tho sum, and signed tho accounls as .if ho had actually rccoivcd tlio money. I saw tho freo clork somo timo afterwards, when ho was carrying 011 business for himsolf, and ho thon told 1110 that ho liad never paid Mr. Paluier a six pence, and nover intended to do bo. 'Tlio furco of example is great, nnd, therefore, it is not very surprising that tho turnkeys of Tipton Gaol wero many re moves from being immaculate. They had not, it is truo, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer's character, but thoy know .something of- his proceedings, and suspected a great deal more. Xo wonder then that thoy were anxious to do a littlo business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of con ?scionco as to whether it wero' legitimate or not. ' Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly ; and no ono could havo studied moro to keep his subordinates in tho path of rectitudo than ho did. Secure him solf, lie made a jwint of hunting down others tlio inftant he became awaro that thoy woro trespassing on his domain. Two' cases of dismissal I well rccollcct. ' The first was that or a man named Worth. Ho was attached to tho labor yard of tho prison, and for some time had managed to carry on a very profitable business with tho prisoners. O11 Mr. Palmer's behalf I Bold tobacco at 18s. tho pound ; but Worth, as far as tho labor yard was concerncd, drove me out of tho market by selling a pound of tobacco and a box of matches for lfis. Could this bo tolerated ? 5Ir. Palmer declared not. ' That 1111111,' said Mr. Palmor, with a glow of virtuous indignation, 1 that mau must bo dotccted.' ' That man was a married mau with a family, aud I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy tho job which Mr. Palmer's emphatic ' that man must bo detected' jjointod out for 1110 to perform. I inti mated my disinclination to the task of detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer said ho would take tho matter into his own hands. 'Two days afterwards tho head turnkoy was called into tho office, and Mr. Palmer told liim that Turnkncy Worth (according to information given) was in tho habit of talcing away from tho gaol any portable ! artiolo of Government property that came within his reach, and that 011 that very night ho was going to smugglo out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Palmor pronounced tho fatal words, ' that man must bo dotected.' 'And deteeted I10 was. As I10 was loaving the corridor of tho gaol I10 was stopped by tho head turnkoy, and two bottles of the Government lamp oil woro found in tho pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmor recommended lii3 dismissal, and dismissed I10 was. Tho same week I dis posed of thirty pounds of tobacco to tho men in tho labor yard ! 'But I have not .quite dono with Mr. Worth yot. A fow days aftor his dismis sal I10 presented himself at the. gaol, was introduced to Mr. Palmer's parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommenda tion to tho corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by Bomo municipal officer. ' The other case of dismissal was nlto gothoi1 of my doing. Tho work was cut out for mo by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its performance by* a per sonal wiimiis. 'Tho turnkoy 'a. namo was. Blackbird. Wind 1'nown for .- long timo'tlint he was ia(v.gnged iu ' cro^i-worlc,'- and Hi.-.;! some ''times employed him myself to do .littlo errands for mo, always paying liim liber ally for his trouble. O11 0110 occasion I happenod to seo a gold watch advertised for Bale, and as I had somo few pounds by me, which I had earned from tho thief advocate, Mr. Sawyor, I got Blackbird to call aud seo tho watch in order that I might purchase it if it wero a good ono, and cheap. Blackbird's report being favor ablo, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that boing tho price demanded. The day aftor Blackbird told 1110 that I10 had boon drinking at a public-houso and had lost tho money out of his pockot. This story I did not boliovo, and I gave him to un derstand that he must either bring mo tho watch or tho monoy. Ho declared that howould donoither, and dared mo to spoak about it. Six weoks passed away and Blackbird atill had the monoy. So long had I boon passivo, but it was time to act. 'I got to find out, through my agonts, that thoro was a man in tho yard for whom Blackbird was'intho habit of cdVry ing out notes. It so happenod that it was ono of theso agonts who wroto the notes, and so I sont word to him to say that 1 should liko to seo tho uoxt noto before it was givon to tho turnkoy to tako it out. Tho noto was accordingly sont to 1110, and was to tho following ef foct. I don't pretend to givo tho exact words, but moroly tho purport : — ' ' Dear friend, — Tho stuff camo to 1110 safely, and I now want a lin and somo Btrikes. Tlio bloak acts on tho square, and you must Bling him well for mo. Ho tolls 1110 that Tom will mount for 1110, but I am afraid to havo him. ' I'mgallid he'd settlo mo instead of turning mo up. Givo tho fin and tho strikes to tho bloak, and tell him all particulars. +.' ' I distinctly romember that tho noto was signoil with a cross, but tho naipo of tho person to whom it was addrossed l cannot rocolloct. It was, however, as I loarnod from my r»«onfr, to bo givcti to tho barman of the Ship Inn in the first instanco. ' I mado Mr. Pulmor acquainted with tlio circumstances of tho caso, and I10 pro posed having tho turnkey starched as ho was, leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as, aftor all, .tlio noto might not bo found, and Blackbird would in tlmt caso bo alwayB 011 liis guard. I suggested that tho head turnkey should go to tho Ship Inn iii plain clothes, and tell tho barman that I10 was instructed to call for tho note, and that ho wished to know where I10 could find tho person by whom it was left. I pointed out that his after proceedings would havo to bo determined by tho bar man's answer. It might happen that tho party named actually lived at tho Ship Inn, or, perhaps, would bo really thero whon tho head turnkoy called, and in such a caso a dilemma would arise. But I toftl Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain, from all I had heard, that tho party to whom thojioto was addressed would call tliero in tho courso of tho evening to moot the turnkey, who conducted tho business for his' imprisoned friend. If this wero tlio caso, tho barman would morcly say hoJiad received 110 noto, and tho head turnkey would reply, ' Oh, then, I'll step into tho parlor, and when tho noto is brought ycu can bring it. to 1110, and toll tho bearer to wait 111 tho bar till I como out.' 'My suggestion was adopted, and to tlio Ship Inn tlio head turnkoy repaired in tlio evening as Boon as tho lock-up in tlio prison was over. . 'Everything happened precisely as I exnoctcd. Tho hoad turnkoy took a scab in tho parlor, and lilaokbird, half-aii-h'iur j afterwards, presented the note at the bar, and there remained until — to liis conster nation — the head turnkey walked outof tho parlour and s iid to the birman — ' Is this tlio gentleman who brought tho note V Tho barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I've no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that he was 'sold.' 'The head turnkey reported progress lo Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when lilackbird appeared at tho gaol gates the next morning, refused to admit him. ' It v,*a3, 1 daresay, a mystery to some p ople hov^I managed to dress myself in bo erpeusivo a style ; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold 0110 round my neck ; how, in placo of having a watch over me, I carried, a gold ono in my^ pocket; liow', too, tho usual order of things was so re versed, that when turnkoys addressed 1110 tliuy called me Sir. Green, and that I in addressing them exhibited moro brevity and less politeness. - It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all wero liberated, on tho reward labor-Bystem, weeks before, tho completion of thoir sentences. It was- a mystery to mo how tho higher officers of the Government could possibly bo ignorant 'of Mr. ^Palmer's character, and that no searching investigation was ever mado into tho s3'stem (known to half the world) which prevailed at his estab lishment. .Lastly, it is still a mystery to mo how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be oxpectcd that a prisonor conikied for any length of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can bo returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than I10 entered it.' Such wera tho experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that shortly after tho publication of Nicholas Niddcbij, Mr. Dickens received a host of remon strances from -Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on recognising in Dothcboys hali their own particular establishment, aud in Whackford Squcera a portrait of themselves. I should not bo suqirised if moro than one or two gaolers should fit tho cap on their own heads, but they are not likely lo commit tlio indiscretion of wearing it in public. CHAPTER XXXL FAME AND INFAMY. I have a conviction that there is in human nature a sort of magnetism by which the opposite poles of feeling attract each other. ? This history owes its origin to such a bch'ef. Had I been pious and virtuous, would you', my good reader, havo cared about my experiences ? No ; of course you wouldn't 1 You havo quite a redundancy of piety and virtuo of your own, and being perfectly familiar with the stato of feeling which is ever the concomi tant of theso attributes of the soul, you wouldn't give sixpence for all that I could 3ay on tho subject. But, being what I am, my experiences aro a different thing. Yofl are quito Euro that they aro some thing altogether exotic to anything you havo known yourself ; and thus, obedient to thennngaetio principle abova referred to, you. ara.f(ircibly nti^ictcd. t hp title, of my reminiscences,' anil long for a glimp30 of a phase of lifo so very dis similar to tliose-through which you have yourself passed. Now tho action of the moral idiosyn cracy, if such it may bo termed, might be traced in a variety of forms. It is ap parent in the eager interest displayed in the perusal of every incident connected with sensational crime ; it is made mani fest in tho morbid curiosity relative to tho gallows-doomed ; it carries thousands to tho gallows' foot to witness the dying agonies of a law-strangled wrotch ; and it is this — something in tho same manner as. corrosivo sublimate is used to preserve wood from perishing — which embalniB oncli notorious criminal in tho very crimes tlmt should lender him an object only of exccration. In tho old. days in classic lands tho templo of famo was placed behind tho temple of virtuo. But, to say nothing of a more enlightened age. wo live in a part of tho world whore flora, fauna, and morality nre,aliko antipodean. To he famous it is necessary first, boneath an Australian : sky, to becomo infamous. Travel far and fast on the road of dare devil villainy, and thocrowd's acclaim Bhall follow on your path.' ? But alas for the nothingness of fame, bo it that of the world's victor or' tho world's. villain, tho laurolled bard or the pistolled brigand. Years ago I was myself in a small way a celebrity ; but my glory soon grow dim, and tho ungrateful public forget mo in my prison darkness. Then another hero of tlio road uroso to dazzle tho world with tho brilliancy of his exploits, and Captain Melville became great in tho land. The Black Forest echoed with his renown, and tho peopled city and lonoly homestead aliko paid tribute to liis rulo. Lucky gold- digger and monoy-making store-keeper, wealthy settlers and plethoric publicans, had each aiid all a talo to tell of Melville. But in tlio very zenith of his famo tho strong hand of tho law crushed liim to nothing, and tho star of his glory oadly sot in tho darkness of tho hulk shadows novor more to viso. Thon camo tho far-famed Gardiner, who mado for- himself a wido reputation. Robbing mails, stopping gold escorts, defying tho police, here, there, and every where, 110' day passed without a story of his reckless daring. But this knight of tho road, liko tho knights of oldon timo, must need havo a lady-love, and so — ' With one fair spirit for his minister,' I10 sought a ' desort' placo, and no longer dazzled tho would-be Macheaths of tho rising generation with his deeds of arms. But tho destiny that had been so kind to liini during his adventurous career frowned on him whon he withdrew to in glorious retirement. Justice soon had him in its grasp ; and although the court-house of Sydney resound with tho acclamations of his admirers on his boing acquitted for tho crime for which he was lirst tried, in llio second caso I10 was less fortunate, and a penal settlement now claims liim for tho next thirty years. Morgan is lord of tho ascendant whilo I write, and Ilia fame is of -a rodder dyo than tlmt of his prodecc8sors. no is too sanguinary to bo popular, and is ferocious rather than bravo. He is not tho Charlemagne of tho bandit-kings, but the Alaric, and destitute of all chivalric foot ings, I10 will at last walk to the gallows moro cursed than pitied. - . . It is in tlio prison, generally speaking, that criino in all its grades is ?firit 'seeii through tho halo , of romance. . , K 'first introduction to llio gaol may result from llio prcaoiico of povorty, an impulsivo; act of wrong, or an isolated 'departure from. the principl' s of rectitude. Subscipicn: 1 convictiou3 are, in the majority of ea-os, for crimea committed in the spirit of romantic ardour. Youth — and strange to ray, clucital youth ill particular — onco fallen, is crime-doomed for life. I am by no means theorising in making this state'- mcnt, but 1 speak from my experience — tpeak from a knowledge of the antecedents of scores of (hose around me. Take tiie best-educated and highest-principled boy that can be found in Melbourne, and placo him in an associated gaol for a year, and the chances arc that ho would very Boon : after his release be found with a'revolver . in his belt and a good horse beneath him, | galloping through the bush, i[uite a hero 1 in bis own opinion, and delightedly antici ' patingthotiinewhonthepresswill chronicle bin r professional performance's. Tho I tendency of education when once prison tainted, to lead up to a criminal career is | owing, I suppose, to the stronger power of imagination with which it is endowed, and the redundancy of spirit which it pos sesses. _ Tiie one invests crime with a sort of heroic grandeur, and tho other rendera its prossc^sor less patient to control, and more eager for the lawlessness of a bush ranging existence. What youthful novice walking the prison-yard for the first time, as he listens to the narratives of criminal recklessness and adventure, thinks of crime lor a moment as the evil thing it really is 1 He is a boy, and not a philoso pher. His imagination is charmed, and hi3 reason i3 inactive. His vision pene trates not to the back-ground, where aadly was to I10 Been the despoiled victims of his infatuation. Generous in his disposition, he stops not to reflect upon tho utter selfishness of a robber's lifo, and con-- stitutionally daring, I10 deems not that his attacks upon the unarmed and de fenceless aro tho doings of a coward, .^'either stays he to calculate consequeu ces ; I10 rccka not of years of prison life, nor is ho deterred by tho reflection that his career may terminate in a murdered victim and a gallows-death. Fascinated by the romance of crime, he is blind to its fearful reality, and it is only after years of suffering have taught some dearly purchased lessons that he recognises crime to be the grim and unsightly filing it is. I have myself entertained all these imaginative notions with regard to tho moro daring kind of criminal pursuits, and tho years are not far distant in the past when I looked upon a higwaymaii as identical with a hero, and thought that guilt and glory were convertible terms. In possession of the confidence of many of 'those around me at this moment, I am quite justified, in view of thoir confessions, in declaring that half of tho dating cimes committed owe their origin to their so called romance. My own graver deeds of ill commenced in a sufficiently melodramatic manner. At the timo to which I refer I was living at Geelong. Tliia was some months after ray release from Cockatoo Island. I had taken apartments in a respectable house in a suburbs of the town. These I had furnished iu a manner corresponding with my taste3. On J;he walls were elegant en gravings ; a vaso ot tho choicest flcwers I could obtain ov,c? graced the -table. I Cowper'a poems (tho reading of which ought to have mado mo a better man), j tho 'works of Byron, Mooro, and Scott, | Bacon's Essays, Smith's We/ilth of Nations, Watts's Lvijic, and a Treatise upon Flux ions, constituted my library. The most .experienced detectivo would have been quite at fault in judging of my pursuits by my surroundings. In fact, tho landlady of tho house subsequently declared to tlio public that 1 was so steady and bo studious, that she thought I was in some way con nected with tho church. Now I had furnished theso apartments with monoy honestly acquired, and in them I commenced' leading a strictly honest life. I obtained a situation in a store at Geelong, and received a salary of £2 per wcok, a sum amply sufficient for all my wants. At the expiration of a month, without any reason boing assigned me, I was informed that my services woro no longer required. I am ignorant at this day of the cause of my dismissal, and at tho time possessed too many silly notions about independence to care to in quire. Ono evening, about a week after my loss of employment, I was gazing from my window out upon the street. Suddenly a passer-by looked up, stopped, and ox c'aimed, 'The very fellow I want to see ; how aro you?' I looked down, and there beneath me stood an old Cockatoo companion named Christy, a young mau ronownod on the island for his fistic scienco. I was in no mood to repel his advances, aud I at onco went down to him. 'Just como overland from Sydney,' said Christy. ' Harry Dowling is with mo, and we're going to do a littlo business on this side of tho Murray. Hon-1 glad Harry '11 be to seo you V Now Harry Dowling was, in every way, a remarkablo character. His father had reached Sydney at tho Government ex pense, having beon expatriated for liis caligraphic abilities. Ho had, liowover, liko many othors who had left their country for thoir country's good, got on wonderfully well, and had become a caltle owner of somo wealth. Ho had sent liia son Ilarry to one of tho best schools in Sydney, and Harry, in tho courso of years, became a very f Air classical and mathe matical scholar. Ho wroto verses into tho bargain ; and, aa a necessary adjunct to his talent, ho was ondowed with a most romantic imagination. I first mot him in Cockatoo Island, wlioro he was undergoing a sontonco of six months for tho luxury of horsewhipping a magistrate who had coarselyalliuled to hisfather's antecedents. Listening there, liko myself, to tho stories told of adventurous depredation, I10, too, was fascinated by the romance of crime. lie and Christy left tho island together ; and Ilarry commenced professional opera tions by writing out forged cheques for lii3 companion to utter. Of courso thoso learned in such matters will in this at onco recogniso tho development of heredi tary talent. I accompanied Christy to a public-houso in Ashby (a sort of suburb to Geejong), and was thero heartily welcomed by tlio classical nnd romantic Harry Dowling. Tho following story, givon as near as I can remember iu Harry's own words, will convey to tho reader Bome idoa of the peculiar tact- and iugonuity displayed by I this young .gentleman in I113 professional career. j , j; - Said Harry in tlio courso of the even fng; 'I havo' recently had quito nil ad venture, nothing less than rescuing our friend Christy ; from 1 tlio grasp of tho l'hilislines.'' . ? . \- Of courso 1. waB 'curious to learn tho particnlaryand Harry was ju.it as eager to communicate them. Tiie story is so characteristic that it muft have a chanter to itself. ( T61'. ccr, tinned.') 