PUBLIC WORKS ON THE MACLEAY. Interview between Mb. K. B. Smith and the Minister for Public Works. - (By Our Own Interviewist). The hon. member for the Macleav waited on the Minister for Public Works on Jubilee I Day for the purpose of bringing under hia notice several matters of vital interest tn hia constituents. The Minister affably requested Mr. Smith to take a chair, and, lighting a fresh eigar, looked at his watch, reminded that gentleman that time was valuable, placed his hoofs on the table and resigned himself to the inevitable. I whiped his classic brow with -a red bandanna, carefully placed his well. I brushed shiny bell-topper under his chair, and gazing furtively round, confidently re marked " mum's the word." I ,.Twi00y vous, Honest John said, and ringing I his bell, sternly ordered the myrmidon-, who J instantaneously responded the summons, to order for immediate execution any prying newspaper man who presumed to intrude on I their privacy. Mr. Smith observed that it was a hot day Mid that he was thirsty; which broad hint Honest John treated with the utmost in- difference. He then proceded to observe that he was member for the Maoleay, and in- recognition of his valuable services to that constituency, Her Most Gracious Majesty was, in celebration of bar tnhiiaa >w create him Duke of Sutherland. ' Honest John hereupon growled "What the devil has that got to do with me. Spit it out, Bob, and make an end of it." I Mr. Smith, who was rather taken abaok at the abrupt manner in which the Minister was treating him, said "Well, the fact of the matter is I came to urge the claims of my I constituents to some public works, and to secure some" appointments of the Wiling citizens of the district I have— ah— the I honour to represent — or, ah, I should say the honour of being represented by me." (Here Bob wept). . Honest John — " Hang it all 1 what are you giving us. Do you want to flood Sydney with I that waterfall from your optics. If it was I summer time the City Corporation might hire you to water George Street with that outpouring ; but seeing it is winter, if you go I on that way I will have to get a dam built in front of my office, or all the people in Lower George Street will be sending in Milhnm Creek claims for damages for inundation. Draw it -milil r>1«l r... , -- — - — , ii you want ic weep so copiously go up to Pheasant's Nest. Spit it out. The fact of the matter is my oleaginous and waiting friend — not toimention roads and bridges — you want to Beoure your election next trip." Mr. Smith — " Nothing is further from my thoughts, your honour— I mean gentlemen of this meeting— that is to say, Mr. Sutherland, I was to do good to my bleeding country, and your are the only man that can heip it." Mr. Sutherland—" Go on. I'm getting hungry." Mr. Smith—" Well, then, Tim Kennedy, one of my most valued constituents, and a most estimable citizen, complains that when, ever he is run-in he has to go to Port Macquarie gaol to serve his sentence. This is a hardship that ought at once to be remedied. Then there's a lot of people down the river, and up tne river, too, who don't take off their hats when they see me pass by and this is jubilee year, too. Then I want you to raise the price of maize, and reduoe the price of nobblers to threepence. Then, again — boohoo — my people won't banquetme as they used to do, and I want you to pass an act making it blasphemy for anybody to call me Bob instead of always referring to me as Mr. B. Burdett Smith, Esq., M.L.A., and C.M.G. expectant." Mr. Sutherland — " By the way, Bob — that is, E. Burdett— I mesn Mr. Smith, didn't you win your last election by kissing all the babies on the Macleay." Mr. Smith—" Don't mention it, I had to' wash my lips with whiskey for a month af ten But that is not the point. Your very valued influence, and the charm of my personal cauuinubiuiis Mucin iiij moaes&y; prompts me to mention such a thing — can always tun| a minority into a majority; and my own appearance on the Government Benched gives the Cabinet a stable appearance," _ Mr. Sutherland (sotto voice)—" Yes— a livery stable appearance." Mr. Smith (with dignity) — " I was ban. quetted 99 times in one of myjtours through my constituency." Mr. Sutherland—" The Lord save us 1 You are a perfect wonder. Your constituents have sinned against you ninety-nine times and you forgive them? " Mr. Smith—" Yes I was a martyr to my stomach— my conscience— no, I beg pardon —to my convictions. Hang it all, that not it— to my country, and (thumping his breast) 1 11 martyr a hundred times more to get re- turned." Mr. Sutherland — -"Now look here, Bobj every fairly sober man in your constituencv is either a justice of the peace, a coroner, a member of a local land board, or a govern- ment official. What on earth next do yon want? Do you want the whole revenue of the colony to be spent on the Macleay to secure your return as member for that con? stituency. Hang it all, its rather much, but I'll act fair with you ; I'll give you the whole of the million and a half deficit for the benefit of your constituents." Mr. Smith (again weeping) — "You are too good, too generouB." Mr. Sutherland — " Stop that slutce box pf yours will you." Mr. Smith " Excuse my pardonable emotion." Mr. Sutherland (irritably)—" Hang your emotion. Do you think the whole of the colony is going to wait while you blubber. I'll call it square if you will only dear out and allow me and my officers to transact the public business of the colony. I'll allow you to sit on the Government Benches, and sling a few things around, but if you don't clear, by the ghost of old honesty 1 won't allow a penny to be spent on your constituency for at least two centuries if I can help it. I'll tell you what I'll , do; 1'U try to make every able- bodied man on the Macleay (black or white) a J.P.": everv member of vour committee a Supreme Court Judges. I'll get Parkes to pass a law to make it a penal offence for any body to purchase Macleay maize at less than £1 per bushel— and I'll recommend you for the next vacant judgeship." (Exit Smith in ecstacy, escorted by two messengers. He proceeds toh is cab, drives to the telegraph office, from where he wires the result of the successful interview to the Mayor of Kempsey). 