: MAI!JOEY GRANT'S PROTEGE. • (Concluded.) ' Willio did not cry, "or oven seem' to droam of crying ; ho only opened and Bhut liis big bluo eyes Tory ofton, and his ruddy cheeks got trifle ruddier, wliilo Marjory trembled with anger, which, however, she had better not express. 1 Good morning, Mra. Lowry,' she Batd as pleasantly as she could. * I have brought you two littlo frocks for Booaio and Betty [thiB was a stroke of policy of the wily Mrs. Grant], and hero oro Bome Bweeties for them. What big girls they are growing, Mr*. Lowry!' suid Marjory. 'Bigenough to bo a brother, miss,' was the reply, in a slightly mollified voice, as Bhe tested the quality of the little frocks be tween her moist, steaming, coddled fioge rs, and'found it good, 'And that little idle rascal there jiet gars them get into mischief, so he does ; I'm fair nioithered wilh them.' ' Oil- well, Mrs. Lowry,' then Said the astute Marjory, * I'm sure you'll bo pleased to hear that I want to take Willie off your hands for a least an hour every day. I'll teach him his lessons if you'll let him come, and there'll be at least one less for you to look after.' Nothing "would havo induced sulky Mrs. Lowry to Bay that Willio was too useful to her to be .spared, beside she did not wish to oflend the ' teddies at the big hoose,' towards whom her gratitude look the common form of a deep senso of favors to cOme| so with an ill-grace she agreed that Willie should daily attend Marjory's privato class of one, every morning at 10 o'clock. So Marjory departed happy, and next morning began her school. On fino days she chose for her professional chair tho front door-steps, thct lay wide, smooth, and! warm in the summer sunshine, but if the weather would not allow of such • al frcBco' teach ing, Willio was odmit'ed to the sacred pre cincts of the housekeeper's room. Marjory found hiin a most intelligent, mger littlo pupil, and wob amazed at the rapidity with which he. mastered the mys teries of the alphabet, which he repeated with such an onergclie shout that every letter became a dissyllable in his mouth—'• A—er, B—er, C—er, and so on to Z—er.'' The first day of lessons Marjory told him she was so pleased with him for being good and attentive that she was going to giro him a bread and jam prize, but though his broad honest face beamed with smiles as he took the great slice of bread, liberally spread with fragrant raspberry jam, ho neror offered to eat it. " Woil, Willie, what's the matter ?" said Marjory; 'don't you like it?' ' Oo ay, mem, I like it One, but I'm bidin' for Beenio and Belty, mem,' replied he. Anxious to Bee what ho would do with it, Marjory followed him down the shrubbery, midway through which sho Baw him begin to trot as fast as his little bare feet could carry tint, to meet his two unprepossessing nurs lings.. who wero stumping solidly together along tho path to meet him. ' ll«y, Bcenio, wumman, hey, Betty, wotnman,' cried he, ' siccan a fine jelly piece as 1're got to us a',' and holding out his dainty ho made one solemn infant and then the other take a bite, and then, and not til then, did ho take one himself. ' He ia a little hero,' thought Martory to herself. ' "Who could havo looked for such generosity, such self denial, in an ignorant, illusoij untaughtjlitllo fellow like Willie? I wonder if I shall teach hiui anything bettor, thought she. ' Mothar,' eho said, when she got home, ' cook is quite right. That is a fine bairn, a real lino bairn, I shall be proud of my pupil, you will soe, when lio grows a man.' Afier Marjoiy had got him through his alphabet, she bethought her it was time she began come moral and religions instruction. So there came a doy when, the 'last1 z—er haying been vigorously shouted, and asked him— • Willie, did you ever hear of God?' .'Na, mcui.' 'Or of heaven ?' 'Na, mem.' ' Did you ever bear of the devil, Willie?' ' Oo, ay, mem; he an awfu' biff, black mon.' This onjexamination proved to be the ex tent of Willio'a religious knowledge. Mar jory's first efforts with him were scarcely en couraging. Having endeavoured to impress on him such elementary truths as that God made him, the heavenB, the earth, and the sea and 'all that in them is,' Willie made great roijud eyes of wonder at her and exclaimed— 'My! mem, God must be an awfu' big mon! What a sight o' porridge he maun tap!' • O Willie!' Marjory hastened to explain, ' God is not a man, and He nover sups por ridge.' An expression of profound compassion passed over his little puzzled face, and with a sigh he eoid— 'Heoh! puir mon, he must weary for hii porridge.' " Marjory thought she bettor hazard no more explanations, so sho proceeded to tell Willie how God took care of him and of every body, and watched over us all, and kept us from harm. 'And who watches over us when God sleep?, mem ?' enquired Willio, shrewdly, • God nover sleeps, Willie.' 1 ~Willio looked still more profoundly sympa thetic, and with another sigh, exclaimed— 'Hech, puir mon, bo maun want His sleep.' Marjory was in despair. When she told him God loved us all. 'He doesna love Wullie Lowry,' cried the child, ' Ho deesna ken Wullie, mem.' •Oh, yes, Willie,' said Marjory, 'God does kuow you and lovo you. He is the great father, Willie's great Father." 'I'd like fine to see Him,'cried Willio: 'Wullie wants his Feyther, mem,' he added, and the little fellows lip quivered, and the big blue eyes filled with tears. The teaching, however, wont on, and was on the -whole a great success, though Marjory mado the mistake common to most very young teachers, of trying to cram big ideas into little heads that could not bold them. One day sho had been endeavoring to teach Willio what faith was, hut his round eyes grew rounder and rounder, and his jaw dropped, and he stood the picture of mystifi cation. Marjory oast her eyes around in the forlorn bope of laying hold of an easily compre hended metaphor. Two huge old Btono • cannon-balls decorated either end of the step on whioh she was seated. She Look up a small pair of scissors with which slio w&b; snipping holeB in the bit of English embroideoy bLo was busy with, and said— ' Look hero, Willie. Do you see those scissors?' 'Ay, mem.' ' N off shut your eyes.' Willie screwed them up as if he never, meant to open them again. Marjory Blippcd the scissors under the stone ball beside her. ' Now open your eyes, Willie. . Ton can't see the scissors anywhere. I hare put.them under the stone, Where do you think they are?' ' Under the stone, mem.' : > 'Why do you think bo, Willie?' 'Ye telt me, mum, and ye ironld&fttell; a lee,' 'That's quito right, Willie,'cried Marjory, joyfully. ' You hellere what I told yon. That's faith. You know tho scissors are under the etono. because I told you they were there, though you can't see them. You know: what faith is now, Willie, don't you ?' •Sine, mom/ answered Willie solemnly, with a much enlightened countenance. Marjory began to feel euro the had • great gift for teaching,.and rojvardedTher. diBoiple .with a large lump'of.ingot*, .which ;ho core fully,hoarded tillhe found Beenie and Betty, when hopresented it'firat to one little dirty month and then to . the other to ' I at' a lick,, after which with great satisfaction ho re freshed himself in a similar manner. Next morning Marjory bcgeed hermother to come out and listen how nicely Willio was getting on. With some importance Bho began— • •> 'Now, Willie, what is faith ?' Willio'B eyes shon with conscioiiB learning, and lie promptly replied— 'Apair o' shizhies under a stane; mem.' I Mrs. Grant burst out a-latigliingj and after a brief moment of discomfiture, 60 did the poor lit^lo teacher.. 'Mj dear,' said ,-kindly Mrs. Grant,;'a child's ju-t made up of. faith. Don't you 'bother this little head,' putt iug Willie's na she spoko, ' tb'explain it just yet.' He feels it, and that's enough for him.' Noxt morning, for tho first timo, Willie did not ir.uko his appearance at ten, and Marjory was just going off to tbo cottage to look for him, whon cook came running after her, crying, and wiping her eyeB with her apron. , , \- ' O Miss Marjory, dear! here's awfu' bad nows for you I hat was so fond of him. Poor Weo Wullie's like to die,' and then cook told how bis uncle had como homo drunk the night before, and in a fit of rngo thrown his heavy boot at the unoffending child's head, and that tbo boy: had fallen and aearccly spoken einoe. 'And tbs doctor says, miss,' Baid cook,' as How he'll hevor gel up again.' Swiftly through the shrubbery ran Mar jory, and in a few' minutes Waa tapping at the cottage door. Mrs. Lowry opened it, sullen as over, but with her eyes very red, aB if she had been weeping. , . 'Como awa'. ben, miss,'said' she, 'and soa him. Ho thocht a sight of ye.' Marjory draw near the dark, close, boi led where her little favorite lay dying—how I unlike to the ruddy,; sturdy iittlo pupil she had learned to love «o well I. • - White,'white was the little face now, and the bandaged brow gave the child the aspect of an infaqt Lazarus, The; bonny honest blue eyes were closed, and but f«r an uneasy moan from time to time it seemed as if death had already claimed his prey. Maijnry, with streaming eyes, iient over and kissed him. The blue eyes opened, and the ghost of his merry old smile flickering round: the pale lips. , ; ., V 'Hcch! mem,'he whispered,' ia't.yerael'? Ye're awfu' gu:d to Wullie,' Marjory could not epeak for sobbing.-. ShV only kissed the little white cheek again, and. the little fellow lay quite Btill for some time,: seemingly slumbering, and- moaning in his' sleep. By-and-by, onee more, and for the last time on this earth for Marjory, he opened bis eyes, and fixing them on her face, Baid faintly— 'Wullie wants his Feyther. Oo, mem, Wullie wants bis big Feytbor.' Through ber tears Marjory began, ' Our Father ' who -art in heaven,' ana Wullie closed his eyes again. Bcforo she had«finished that prayer of prayers he slumbered again, and Marjory stole softly away, meaning to return in the afternoon, but before then, " Wullio " had I found his 11 big Fejthor."— Youth'a Com• ;petition. 