N PbUliAed b fi '.adsay Pr idas,. 1 FRIDAY, NO.VEMBER 25, r.1887. As was intimated in our previous issue, the auditors of 'thl? adcounts'of' the ilenalla'Shire Council have concluded thitr duties, The resultl however, 'of their labor rill; notibeX knocnuintil; such timo'e as the annual meeting of the council, takes pl(ce.,! Ratepayers of thei shire, to a man, are doubtlessly looking. forward with no snill degree of interedst to the publication' of' the annual balanceosheet and report, since an idea is generglly entertcined, fiomn he tone of an article we publislied some time. ago about ., shire 'finances, :.that . tihe council: hasi entered upon an: era., of difficulties and complications. What' ever rvul tn. may o made yvith regard; t ro " dmtustratlon Of tte affairs of .ocaloGoveraientmher?,k er we, Ihave tangible .grounds for assuming that the officbrs'of ,thed council; at all' events, will be as free from blameothis yeinas they have been'iltherto: " ?any of the members of the counncil, ?e' are satisfied, have done their best in the past to mnaintaina satisfactory, state of things, and it .would, tlerefore, be a attoer; for regret to learn that anything but favorable e'omstemts upon tlho couiin cil's a proceedings. is., presented, .by the auditors t'ithe public, An' 'overt draft, however, which has:now,reached a sum of nearly £3,000 has formed the general theme of. conversation, as wdell as indi nation, .among ratepayers, and not?a few assert that, for'ieasons wlhich we need not at preserit state, it is hardly likelyjthe accounts of the shire will be passed 'as Ibing correct. -·But as. this assertion..is, based ,upon. pure. assumption by a"greatniay.' of those who discuss the subject, the statement will 'csrry' very little 'weight until' suoh time as itl?'e"iulditors' report hds;"een: .laid before-the council andithe udtilio. 'For ourselves, it need hardly be men tioned that we hive already pronounced a judgment upon the past conduct of local gover?nseet) whieh'lias -reatedli considerable amount of comment both" 4ithin d azid'without the counciil: 'On' the one'hand, we have been dccused bf publishing statemoints whichd :do not ,partake of even a scintilla of truth, whilst.onf the other, it ha; beehn asserted that:we did uiotact- discreetly inspltae ing benore ?the oatpayes what we think of the atualstate of the shire finances. We bwrto nq one inithe diseuiiseop of p.ibli,.,A't the . e.time, it smnot our wiyt;id igilantsye the. generalnt~e osts of thiea shire .and'-a .lovg as or th~iublo'remaiso.our court..of appeal s ssurely-tsmust-almways remain such °ofe??c ery htt flrl t h wuau tha is heaped upon ourias.by interested parties,::' Our fearlessness, and candor have,'more: than ,: once' beon ."dmoi strated in the panst'; the futarewill se, these qualities unchanged ; and neither tome, cicumu p stances nor men weill effect a mortgage onvour principle's-princi pes thit will atale times beiurgel with firmness as well as ,moderatio;i andi of thoe.comen,n' weal', but' what owe desire particularly to' do is to point out :that theo:tiame isnotf iar.distarit now. when theaudittors ire ert and balance.. sheet.willncome .beneath the,, gaze and judgment of theopubhlioeand while we wnish to hereo place .uponw recordt our ,expression obf:hopi' ihat nothing will be stated,,therein to brng ,this slightest odium:upon :th'`oiiuncil, we are cano" did enough to speculate an opinion.that.the, crowning blow of a most' serious crisis `will begiven' to the monetary heart of the shire .- .'# . f . :- :: . T?n os, who look with `ny` degree' of thought at the present state: of,,?Im. perial institutions and' the. 'spirit df. contqmporaneous history .outside the ioundary of the ;.Southern Cross, cab not but .conciuhe that we are oantho eve of many changes. Tn England ndne thioisands of people, bearing tilhe name of unemployed,, are crying for ok' y v"which to get their daily. b read. P? i:the Continent, where matters ha ever bfore been so peaceful. as at present, we hear of official scandals as well 'as. political discontent; in Ireland the same spirit of turmoil that cliarcteri|s'd the 'tldyss, obf, O'Connell isjijgst as. vigorous as., over;reand .in America we are told almost daily of tio arreot-of ?dy ~mitcis-- n te whole there isvery little- indeed of .a wholesome or .satisfaitoi'y "n?earte' to record. What the probable .outcome of tle existiniig state of things Will be sooldfirm one of the chief questions -of ehour ,vh Atastralihas. \?Gzin into t e mystic:abvsssof futurity, with .l? ft's sn\e&Afittradstion-the.;, things :tlp.t,have yet to comee-it is dificult "to arrive at any other , oniclusion than I'ha ts continent wil ,dhrtly be overrerun by ainifigrants from Imperial qudrters; iTIhat coodnclusion is amply ,supported wlhen we look at the present state of things in Englydcalone atthe prisent time, and where, ofly a few 'dcs book 60,000 people met in gpen air '?obagitate,for work.:. - Almostevery ye?r agitations of this kinid arise; esiedially fii" Londoi.mThsi Eiiglish Government hiiniot-tolerate thlis sort of work much longers aiidit;'tlherefore, appears one of the surest things of the future that it-will undertake to carry out a system of assisted immigration. ,Mean 'while " iti ls "atisfaotory to toinow that thoseewlio live on this side of the 'equ ator sare1 i i'a' fairly prosperous condition:;,hUt, as,thereais really no ouatlt Htere for the class of perisons who are likely to come amongst us, it becomes the duty of our paternal Go. vetnnmaant to state thatifact fully and clearly toy fmiperial statesmen ere the latter; practically cdarry obut :siclF"ia schenime asthat; to 'whibii'lie' 'have referred. Lsr ,ie s fue of the' " Wanigaratta Dis, patch" contains a leading article. on. railway com'iiiuibitidntii witlh the Upper King. The tone of our contesiporary's remiarks' wotild give its reisders to infer that Benalla has not oven a ghost of 'a showin the'claim for being mido tlie starting.point of the line. It boasts of having five leagues now with which to fight the good folk here and speaks in theseo words :--" If .Beaalla should oppose tiese leagues the 'randy reply of the Minister will be, ' Oh, I should like very muh,. to be able to serve,you if I could seo niy wayiv " ~fairly 'and honestly to do.so, but you see, gentle men, you are the people of Benalla only, who yourselves are already blessed with railway communication ; your town miglht benefitby having a branch to:the Upper. King, but ;t is not you thie Governin'et'haveo to study in the omatter.; it is the people whose traffic is to make the proposed -branch pay that we must, accommodato ;. we cannot study yodir town .td the injury ,of all the important coentres theose united five branch leagues represent; the greatest goodi'fdr the 'greatest number is our motto, and we must give a branch from Wangaratta,: or, nothing." What a dream, Il The remarkg certainly furnish material .for laugh'ter. SBui outside of thait th?y"ii?light, transparentandillogi' cal, since, onltheon. hand, they are based on pure assuimptiotn. and, on the other,: buoyed up . by flaming enthusiasm Everyone ,who has given/this subject any tliosght 'iiust know that the' consideration .of route .and .starting point will' be determitied' by the rail wayi. Oonirdissioners, who will of course be guided chiefly by 'those who survey thi:lirine,on .the'basis of statistics. '2o that it would appear of very little use indeed to urge any. particular' course cept"tlbhio me'r6"'- onistructioen of-the lino.. All T.th'e sides 'interested in the work feel ':tlithat .they have good' points to.urge;in support of their own indivi-. dual- claims .- 'But'- that is a matter that will meet with: no surprise, and, ,iitil .the agitatidat at present in being advances to'a; hotter. stiate .of matdrity than. thata i.iwhich: it.is just now, it, wouiild' indeied be a haairbrained thing to do toffder :anythiing in ·the shape of' a definite',opinion on the .-point.., We are al in the hands of higher powers. by whose ruling we must rise or. fall in the conflict, so tliit to keop on puffing?,lilke our, contemporaries at' Wangaratta is, in . a. measure, .like sefiding'haiff ridinig on the wind:s i : i 