' -I T E MS O & NEW Tlie recital of Dickens' Christmas Carol in the Theatre Royal to night, by All- Locke Ri'Ch,ardsDn should bo a surprise, akin to, that, creati'd when Walter Montgomery introduced the Blqomsbury Christening from the same nutnor. in general, tno readers 01 JLiickcnq ,skini( quicjtly ..over, the .pages witjiout pausing Hq cbnsider tllo slibt lo.fbatureB in thq characterisa tion, and it is oiily when a gifted dramatist fifco the gentleman who -., appears to-night brings out in detail tlie vivid liiies in tlio character fhat; thetbeau'tyoofrDickenB'. portraituros are ''displayed? ep that readers amazed at . their own rihUptitudo- becdnie fiisciiiated With, five driiinaT -tlst.- JAS-M6iit6m'ery was the .first, to give -a recital of the Bloomsbury, Christening s'o Mr Richardson vyill be the first to introduce, the "Chrisliiias Carol wliicli he lias niade. - hiS.pwn,1 and achieved with, it such, a woiidroiis success its to, .cause him to,. repeat it in Melbourne by re quest to" liii audience that crowded the house. In Scrivoge, , lie has . for representation . 1 The tight-fisted . Rand at the grindstone : tho squeez ing, wrenching, grasping, acraping;- clinching, covetous old sinner." Argument or appeals, to kindness could notjtouch liis heart, bo Dickens employed the agqncy of ghostS to frighten- him by terror into a better life. The vefsieii of tlie novel selected by Jlr Uiebqrdabn sibouiids it) moveinpii.t, and' varit/d deiiiotioiiS; of .oharactor that lighten tip by efiiitraatS tlip weird sto'ry. j The P. and O., Co.mpany.'s Royal Mai Steamer Boiigal; with the EngliBh.niails . to.-t'lie 10th December, -arrived; lit Albany on Mon day. Slio Should, reach -Adelaide on Friday and may be expeb'ted iri HobsOn's Bay oh Sun day. '. , .... Those who are interested ill' ha'viiig, raeos. a Sutton Grange are requested to meet oil Friday ovening to mak e preliniinary. arrangenieiits. j Allen's Flat, neari Beech worth; continues to promise well, two more, bores liave been but- tomed,- .with -gopd prospects;qf :gold. ; Mr' J, Butcher, of AVolsIiman's Reef,' is a caiididate for the seat reiidOrbd vacailtiby tlio clcatli of Cr'Moiris in the North' Riding of the Sliiro of Nbwst'bad. ..At; tlio Police. , Court yesterday, Aiexiuidei Miller," of unsound ipilid; wascommitted to flic xiew Asyluin for nledicali treatment. A hawkers; license , was granted to W.Hy Hird. £ £ - Tho levels of -water in Alio" reservoirs and rain-, fall for the week ending Jan. 8 were — At Barkers Creek,' 4ft Jl'|ih.'below bj'VwasbV.ftTfi jl.JEXpedi tion Pass, 54in below by- wash, 0'45 ; Crocodile,' lft fifelo'w by-wash.' - " .. ' Tlio' Fiocti'n'Bqffrd' will- meet vlliis- m'orii iug, ,andr the busijfesB.'ihr cdiisi'dbratiqii w iii ; be priiicipally iti.relatioii tq ; th'p..,dppliciltipn4' .that were received at a jireyimis' lilebtiii for' iia'rtiei pation iu the Prospecting ,ote., .... £ The Sandhurat District Prospecting Board sat 011 Monday, when an immense number of appli cations for a86is(khc6 were received. I11 sonic cases specific SU1113 were asked for, in others tlie am'o'iihts w'ore not spycifie'di'bu't' tlie total would amount to more than a l'iloiety of the whole pros peering vote of L8O,0i)'O'.; ' Aiijild inair hafiied.Jas.' Kylprdiedj in .tlie bush' at Agnes Biver, 30 iiiiles froin Port Albert, t>ij Monday. He.and. his.nVate iverq .cutting, scrub and wiieu his mate returned at" 'dinner ti'ni'o he found Kyle dead: The cause of death is sup posed to havejieen sbustroke. Tlie deceased wai a selector, and lujcl sold liis previous liolcliug al Shady Crfeek: " ', ' ' ' , ' " | Tho following' is' the return of traffic 011 the Victorian Railways for ' the week ending 6tli J au. , 1887 Passengers, parcels, . horses, car riages, dogs, 'and mails, L59799 0s: 2d ; nicr cliandise, -mhicrals, aud," ; cattle,. Lli,7I9 ; total for the week, L74,518 0s 2d ; aggregate to this diite froiii 1st July, Ll, 249:770 lis 9d ; weekly average," 27 weeks, L46.287 16b Id. On Slonday L \v<! boy sn ain' e'd : Goor g band Her bert CrewthuL' wiire' playing with gunpowder at ; Spring /Hill,", lib'ar .Kynetciii'; when "a'11 tfocideht o'ccur red',, resulting in dub' .having the ' thumb almost blbwh dfl' his left liandj whilst Hie other liadjliis face badly .bu'riit.. Tjiey had puf some ponder 011 the gfquiid AncL.tk'en, applied ' a match to it, the resiflf beTng'iiu explosibn Witli its efl'ecis as above. stated. Though tlie h'eat- was again . eXcessivo yester-l day. it did hot reach itt its inaximum above 93 degrees. A4 slight; lirSezC,' principally from the Jast; but sliifty; bje'jv'i.h p'CfllW, : fro'in the north and sometimes' from tlife' squtli'; jifdvailifiij d firing the day. At liidht clbiids dbtte'd the sky. in different parts.. jThe baromefer wii's.at ch'angej lyithj a (downwar.d; teiideiicyitdwar'ds rain . so there will probqbly spun be ,a break-up' of tlib :lieat,and a doiynpour. : - , Tlio Board of : Examiners 'for: injnirig engine 1 /dnvlifs', coiisi's'tiii'g of Messrs' Meokist)h(Chair: niaiij, Robert Fultbji; and AVJ H'.' Clqgg (6ecreT tary), met at-the Supreme Court, House yester day, ..when fiVe candidates appeared, but three 'KiiA'ihlf frfllprl Infflri no fhpir . fbpo worn fnrfnifurl The result of the .examination was .that" Alex Dodd -dblaiiied'-tf lit class'coftificafe ..of compe tency; Richard;M'Doiiald a.lstclasg certificate of service:; Francis H. .Yeats a 2od,cdass certificate of sb'ryioe.; . One'cajididate failed jtq'. pass. Oni candidate was partly examined" and Tii! further examination was postponed, for six months. On Sunday afternoon, at Chorry Gardens Adelaide, Alfred,- aged 20,' and Arthur, 17; sow of Mr, J. W; W. Hill, lost their lives by drown ing. They, with aeveral companioiis, wore iiatli iug in a daih, wh'oii;Artli'uf got out of his depth Allen, his oldest brother,, plunged in to assist him, but lie too,' got out of liis depth, when- thci third brother, Alfred, wqufc in and succeeded iii pulling Allo'u but; but in doing so lie fell into tlio deep hole, and iilrii6(igli attempts were made to l-eScue him and Arthur, they were bbtli drowned. : On Saturday last a.firejbccurred ' oii tlie farm of Mr AVilson,- of Vulca -Nortli, by wliich a threshing plant, belonging to Mr J. Patorson of Picola, ivas entirely. destroyed. .. .The, machine was working at Air,, Wilson's place; when' the straw took 15 ro,: through oiie:6f. the .machiiie-men having dropped A ihalch or let fall a spark from liis.pip.e. The phieeAyiib'irtiriiediately in a blaze and iii a very siibi-t iiiiio it was evideiit that nqthing could be done to snvo tbe stacks or tlie inac'hino. About 20 bags of whoa't And live bagB df b'arloy wore also coiisumed; Tlio plant was valued at about L450. Through th'e kindness, of Mr R. Broueh Smyth, thq Director, of the .chyol of Mines, who isiiit -present, engaged preparing ah, artielo for onq.of . the scientific journals... iii Europo, we ( ' Bendigo Advertiser) ' are enabled to lay bv- 'fqre our i-fiadci-s tlie . following interesting piiilbsophical observations, which show the im- portanco of hiyving grass,, Irees, or shrubs planted ill the vicinity of all public institutions, larticularly hospitals and asyluiiiB. . Air Smyth las found that grass in. the. shade is 10 deg., 15 dng., and 25 dog. below the tumperaturo of ilir, nn'd ovbn whfiii exposed to the Sim, it is in- 'vitjfiftblyfflVbu't'lTJ'cTeg. b'olc/iv thc'tetnjioraturo of tlie' ilir. fc Tlio leaves of trees fully exposed to the Bun :ire about 17 deg. below, While bare soil fllllv ATnAHPfl fri f)li> Qlltl III fpmnnMiitrh4 fro'n'i 120 dbg. to 142 deg. These facts show con clusively that bare surfaces, such as gravel walks and beds, .uncqveied by flowers or shrubs, cnor-. mously increase tho tomperaturo of adjacent buildings, Asad bdso of death froin thirst and exposuro occurred Dear Portland 011 Saturday. A Miss Hedditch left Kehtbruck for Bridgowater, some 15 iii ilea iBtaiit. . Slio was on liorsobuck, aiid l|iid a child, two years old, iu front of her. She 'gpbff.ilio liorse, leaving the child on its hack, wlien'fho animal moved, aiid tho child fell off, the Jho'rsq then breaking away. . Tho Woman, picked up the child, aiid proceeded 611 tho track of. tlio .Jiprsp, intond.i.ng to go to a. ho, use which she tliouglit whs about tliroo miles dis tant. Shu, however, missed tho track, and wwdered about all day. Towards evening the JT, r poor child went into convulsiofi? afifif-, died' iff. Miss.-He'dditcli's arms, where slio held it until assistance came at about 7 p.m. The two had walked 14 miles froiii- the Starting point, "and when found Mres Hedditch was. completely ex hausted: Slio waa trlk'ing 'care of (lib child, for his mother resides in Now Zealand. A11 in quiry was liclcl, when medical evidonco was given that tho childjiad died from convulsions due id tlid effects of 'heiitV thirst/ hiiiigilr,4 aiid faliauo on a teething child. A verdict was re turned jp nccordiqice with- thqevjdetic'e.' When found Miss Hedditch wiis liine 1111'ies frum Port- laud. -,T . Air FranlcWestorirwfellrkiiown throughout the colonies sb the " Wizard Oil-man," died at Syduoy 011 Monday. ,A na\;vy,, named Patrick i Sizq,- em plpyed 011 tlie . Strang:vayp_ Spridgp'_ railway, . South .'Aus tralia, whilo endeavouring to step from 0110 truck to another, fell and- severely mutilated his legs and arms. He died eight hours after- . A girl died the other day in Alary bqirough fiom poison, " add it- was ascertained she had_ partaken of soTno bitter almoiiSfs— her first oxperionco with them, having previously been accustomed to the sweet almond. T w o fatal mill iiig .accKH; lit s ; are repoTted from Newcastle. The one occurred in tlio Newcastle Coal Company's pit, where a man named Bowdeu was crushed through a fall of coal, and died soon after. The other- was At'Burivbod colliery, whorb William Young was injured, also through a fall of -coal, and expired shortly afier being taken to his home. The efforts of the Alinister of Works of New, South-Wales' ,to reduce ,lio oxjioiiditurq m his cldaftm'ent -are'produciiigUmiAjrtailt1 'results.' An inquiry was made by the Commissioner of RhiUvft/J into ifhi cbilcfitibh o"f ' tlii;railway'Oold Btaff, the outcome, of which is a recommendation that reductions be' made which will effect a sav- ing.rjt abqutjLoO.OOO.a.year.-, , , |( ... ( , ; ! Aii dldbrly inaii named John Patterson a selector, at j. Scott's £ preek, , and- (formerly a s'augb'tcrrniiin at' Bailarat; was Founcf dead 011 Alquday evening. on tlie Port Campbull-road,' about 15 miles from Catuperdown. Deceased' 'had. just., r.etnrped' fr»)n a visit tp Bailarat;' find :death is supposed jto£ have i'esuited.froin a sun- stroke diirihg the excessive heat. ' ,.". ; Mr F. R. Fraser, a clerk in the Sydney: Financial Land and Building Company, lias been arrested on a charge of embezzlement.: Ujs. total deficiency is said to bo about L2,000.' Tiio' pfisbiiar asserts tlmt -fie Iccenlly" received L15,000 from England: --oHe .kept, tlitee buggies: and four horses, and only recently married a; Barmaid;/-: ,v!/il ' j Within the ,-last i..fe\y 'ffnysjan.- ijuctioneer, ad vertised his intention to sell, at Sydney, by auction, tho right to the services uf-a kanaka' whoso original employer is about to leave for- lEiiglaficT.'-i If -the isalo/' bad bebh effected a breach of ..the.. .law wppj.ff.liave be.e.ii/.ctumn'itted;; bu,t aBrthe niatter attracted .considerable ..public' aCfeiitinii, the Hoy ivas willid'rawn froin the shle, aivd'it -ivaB jxplaiiie'd tlnlt lie had cbnseri'te'd to be Handed over, to aiiotlibr master for file unexpired- :portion of his engagenieiit. , , . , . —A; .cqrrgBppndont.i writing froni. Perth ,oii :7th; December, to the " Adelaide Registrar," says : — VYe.Iiatedifid ii wbnderful example its to the un certainty of life. On Saturday last a gentleman; by the name of Cobper'jqiiic'd the majority. On: :Suii.dayf e veiling the Rev.. Air Campbell, a.iyes- leyaii niinistor, 'preached' a fuhiral '- sormdii 'on the late Mr Cooper. He chose for his text ' Be' ready.' The sermon was one of tho most beauti-; ful.disppurspsi everlistpned.to. The clergy man's mayiher vvils sd. impressive that even liis regular httei'idants iioliced- liis feai- nistiiess'.' !' His sei-iiion was more like a beautiful poem than a discourse.' He reminded us that this was tho last Sunday of 1886, and tliat before, lie. again addressed his flock some might- have been called hence. His prayers wero..mosbibeautiful;.aiid he concluded: his sermon by quoting ' A few more years shall roll.' /A-tjitho close of th» sermon i.lie called 011 tlio widow and had -"players. 'Ho then returned to his own home in his customary health. At' 3 o'clock in the morning, without the slightest paiii or struggle, the clergyman who had do-: livorfedRlfe' Iuneral sermbii also" died." i ' -' - ' ; On Sunday evening,, two, iufant sons of W. R.- Croft, house and laiul figeiit, Aliddle Brighton,: were .-placed -111 their, spparntq cots ait - the usual ifduri 'Tlie elder eliiltl is "two years and six! months, and. Jhe;. deceased child;is one year audi seven liiontlis old. The parents' room is next; to the children's room, and any noise in the: latter is heard immediately by tho parents. Be- tween 9'aiklT0 Llie.parfentS 'rbtiied -t6 test; 'but' the excessive hesit prevented anything like sleep. During tho night-Air /(jrbft had got up twice or! tbrice in attendance upon the children. At a1 rquarter ,tq, 8 on AIqnday, morning the elder child' Ralph" sfinhnfiiied his Jiiipaj Aayihg ' tliYt RdydiVn' had hurt his neck. y |Upon Air, Croft- going into' the rooiif; lie found that tlie child had got through the rails of .the cot feet first, succeeding: in passing tho whole of his bodv. but it couldi not pass .the,- liead; and , ams.,; consequently strangled. Life was not quite extinct, and mcdi-j cal uBs.isfanpq wns obtai|ie(l/in tln-e6(-minutes,bat! witliout "avail: A gaivfuiic biit-teiy was' applied- and every lneansjused, but the pqurlittle sufferer! died under 'treatment-. " ' ' ,,A disgraceful scene (says' the ' Telegraph'), oc-i qurfild at. a. special nieeting of tbe Richmond) .Council 011 Slpndiiy night, held fob tlip purpose! "of considering a . proposal ' to fluali a Idan of: L53,000, for .tho .purpose, of, carryiim out a! diainag'e sclibtne aii'd adding improvements to! the town-hall, and public library. Cr. Jenkins,' who opposed ' tlid hiotioii, made 'a number 06 'serious allegations iii coiineotioii witli' pre vjolis! w.orks of the kind, a'fid during his remarks5 a: gr'ogt state of Qxcitoiiient aroso. Councillors fold i oii'e another they were tolling lies, ' that 'they wefe blackguards, and so on; iiiiil lit cin'o tiino a! , scuffle took place betwoeii tiie Alayor aii'd Cquii-1 cilloi' Jenk'ins over some piiiiis.lyiiig on tlie table, j The latter , retorted, by calling the Mayor 11 a! poor.tliing," .whereupon hp was.tojd lie. " would boseltled in about- two .minutes," and- another- councillor oitlled on him to go into tlio back; yard and sbttle the dispute, offering to -risk ii: L10 liotb ill conn eel ioli with it. Tlie Miiyor: i'filid Couiioillor , Jeiikiiis guilty of iiii offence, ana eventually tue inution was carrieu Dy 1 11 rue votes to two, slid tlie meeting broko up iii dis order. A ciipo. illustrating .the deplorable effects ,of intemperance was brbiight: to. light ill tlie \Var- riigi.il Police-court, ivlicn W. C. Heale, a store keeper, residing at Aiirboo North, was charged with travelling iii a railway carriage iVitlibfit a ticket. For this ofi'eiic'o ho was fined 403, or one month in gaol. He was then charged with ' imposing upon Air J. Wothcrspoon, station- master, by menus. of. a valueless cheque for LI,: 'and was also charged with having victiiiiiscd All- J. C. Ryan, postmaster of Wiirnffiul, in a similar manner, for LI 7s 6d. II vale, wlib presented a v«yy ' dilapidated appearance in court, ivas for eighteen yeiii's . in. tlio employ of tlio London Chartered Blink, and wiis at , 0110 time, highly respected, .u,,iljjp .friends, and relations are respectable- rcsidqt)jk'WKthja->eolo!»y,: aiidi«li«yo tried, but in vain, to rcclaSili' liim from liis-riii- toinporate habits, which have brought him to liis present degraded position. Heale begged the magistrates, before passing sentence upon him, to , talco into consideration his previous good character. On tlio two charges of passing valueless cheques, ho received a seiiteiifco of three months' imprisonment 011 each count 111 Salo gaol. Half Asleep. — " I never," wrote a young liidy 'to a friend, " go to church -or lecture but I am half asleep,, and ,1 never kuow. afterwards ivliat the ser mon or lecture was about.-"- It was a plaiii case of nervous lethargy, "produced .liy want of the liver and digestive- orghns. . , She was persuaded to. try Ainericaii Co.'s Hop Iiittuis, and qowslic writes : — "How intelligent and bright are - sjinnqns aiid lectures now, and how glorious tlie ivorld ivo live in is ! L)r. .Smile's Hop Bitters are indeed a bless ing." Notice. 