Brerltles. j ' (Wednesdays Brevities.) le it true that a certain M.L.A. sent his horse 4o be shod and that the blacksmith refused to »Ilow the horse to be taken away till he was jwid? Mr. W. J. Hills was thrown from his horse yesterday in Young, and broke bis collar bone. Great dissatisfaction is expressed by the resi tlents of the Wollongong district with the present railway time-table. .They say that now it is im possible to transact, any business in Sydney and return to Wollonsrone on the same day- The requirements would be met, they state, if the train left Sydney at 3 o'clock, instead of 1, as at present. The Premier laid the foundation stone of the Molong Hospital this morning- He was en thusiastically received in the town. . - ' Much surprise and disappointment is felt by the numerous Chinese in the Tingha and Inverell districts at their Commissioners neglect to vieit those localities. : The Penrith. ghost business is causing consider able local excitement. All sorts of Amors are afloat, but nothing definite will be known until ? the inquest on Friday.1 ' i Messrs. J. Fletcher and G. E. Dibbs are going to Queensland. ;?'?? The police barracks at Yantabulla are now Completed. A mounted constable is to be =v Stationed there. * ; Tenders have been called for clearing thirty . miles of the Bonrke-Cobar road, from the seven . teen miles post to the forty-seven miles post. i ' . Fosse, the long distance runner, is willing to meet Stevenson for J55O aside. 1 ' i . The Tory Unionist Liberal Alliance has bogged \- the Marquis of Salisbury. He admits that, amd \- *&ys; they must get out somehow. ' : A foreman laborer named Hook has gained a '? Verdict in Melbourne against Captain Webb, of : the steamer Burrambeet, for .£1250, for injuries received through the latter's neglect. The doc f tors fear that Hook's lite is doomed. ; The Weeding-Bose di vorce sase is being revived ./ in Melbourne by a prosecution of Dr. Rose, i M.L.A., by Mr. Weeding for alleged assault. Dr. i Eose institutes a counter charge. ! Mr. Greville, one of the presidents of the N.S.W. ? Poultry Society, has promised a handsome silver ; cup as a prize for Australian (colonial) game : fowls 12 months old for next show. I Lady Carrington has signified her intention of i Visiting the Poultry Show to-morrow. 