A VOICE FROM. BURRA. [To the Editor of the Northern Armis, 1 _ Sir— Oh, for a lift from somewhere to in vigorate our drooping hopes. This is Satur day evening, a short time ago the busiest part of the week. It finds me now eolus and uninterrupted, about to pen that to you which comes uppermost. So here goes — 'Merrily, merrily, .bounds the barque, She bounds before tbe gale ; The favoring breeze from Benfldarck Ib joyous in her sail. While flntt'ring winds, like laughter hoarse, The cords and canvas strain, Tbe waves, divided by her force, Ia rippling eddies chase her course As if they laughed again.'— SCOTT. A few years ago we resembled that barque. We have run upon a sandbank, but we are not wrecked. Far from it ; we shall soon float off again, and the past will warn us to steer more prudently in the future. I was in Clare soon after it was christened, and remember something that happened sot far from the present town — in truth it may now be included in tbe town — that seemed to me then an omen of future fer tility. On the right band side of the road coming from Penwortbam there stood a married shepherd's hut — a solitary hut— and before it grew two gum trees exactly alike, so much eo that they were known as the twios. Now, whether tbe twin trees had anything to do with what happened I can not say, but the shepherd's wife had twin children. Riddle-me, riddle-me, re. In re ghosts, the late Gordon McCoy and P. Butler — uames I hope still familiar to some of your readers — were with me many years ago at the late (I shake my old head, and say, ' It's all the late') Charles Oolton'e, at Gawler, one winter's evening. We were all very good drinking men, and merry ones. After a while the subject of ghosts cropped up. Gordon led off with bogies, kelpies, wraiths, &c;, Butler following suit with Leprehaun'e, warnings, &c.; They had a ' wee drap iu' when they started the sub ject, but when Charles Golton came to tell them it was shut-up time they were too sober, aud were eo nervous that they would not sleep in separate rooms. God bless them ! they have unravelled the mysteries of the other world long npo. About the resources of women — A ser mon that does not leave an impression is not worth much, Some time ego I heard a sermon about Kahab, the harlot. I weut home and bunted the passage up, and dis covered that she was a respectable inn keeper, who was in after life highly - esteemed by Joshua. Her clever way of secreting the strangers brought to mind the following. I know an old fellow, who many years was a trooper in this colour, who received the greatest kindness from all with whom he came in contact, lie was , wild, very wild, and all his friends who in- * tereated themselves to advance him and do him good, as it were to-day, would curse ! him for his ingratitude on the morrow. He was stationed at Hawkers, aud had been ! there until he had saved £16 or £'20, when j he began to itch for town. He went to ; Adelaide, aud the late Lieutenant, or i ' Gentleman,' Gordon, who knew his pecu liaritiee, but still had a liking for him, said : ' Now, So-and- So, that you have come to town, I hope you will be a good fellow.' He (the lieutenant) told off a sergeant to look after him and bring him home at ]0 o'clock. At that time there was a sort of primitive brewery on the banks of the Torrens, from which bottled beer could be had cheap. He had two or three dozen from there for a shout all round — a sort of a prelude before seriously commencing the evening's amuse ment. The pair then started and pulled up at a pubiic-bouse where a Iheu well-known fiddler played incessantly, giving -suppleness to the limbs of a queer mixture of society, and passed the evening there. The next morning he asked leave to remain in town fora day. It was no go. 'Poohl Absurd! Yon have managed. Jp. get clear oror last r~^_vnaSM^g. ~Ud and saddle your horse, aud come, to me before you start,' said the lieutenant. 'Now, So-aud-So, did you count the notes I gave you ?' ' No, eir.' ' Have jou any of them left ?' ' No, sir.' *? Ah 1 thought so. I did not give you all ?your money. Here are four notes. Now make a start, and see that you conduct yourself respectably on the road.' What could have tempted him to ride as far bs North Adelaide and imbibe, and what could have tempted him in broad day, and by a detour, to make back to the pub. visited the previous evening, I do not know; but he did eo, and hitched his horse to a post out side. As usual, the fiddle was going. In an instant one girl had his cnp, another his pouch, another his sword, and another his jacket. The notes came forth, the girls were stimulated, the fiddler reinvigorated, and his fiddle screeched a hilarious country dance. Hands across and down the middle was at its height, when a trooper came to the door of tbe bail-room, twitching bis whiskers with his right hand. It was a sergeant-major. The fiddle stopped, the girls stopped, and a fearful pause ensued. 'Now,' said the sergeant, addressing the culprit, ' you are in for it. Mr. Gordon is ramping mad ; sack this time, sure. Come, get your things on, get on your horse, and follow me down to the barracks.' He did get on his horse, but instead of following the sergeant, he turned his charger round end shot away for tbe North road. The sergeant was amazed, and went off to report the occurrence. Our youth galloped to Dry Oreek, and there made known the mess he was in. The innkeeper's wife, a double to Rahab, saw the situation at once. Be tween the inn and the cresk stood a small Stockyard, about two or three panels each way, which was full of loose straw piled up. The landlady told a young man to take down the slip-panels, ecoop out a hole, jam the horse in, and cover him over. While they were doing that she had induced the wild one to go to bed, and placed a night cap of immense proportions on hie head. All was completed in a few moments, and just in time to evade the inquisitive troopers who galloped to the door. 'So-and-So here?' 'No.' 'Has he pone past?' ' No ; have not seen him.' ' You will ex cuse me,' said one of the troopers, ' my orders are imperative' — they were all with one or two exceptions mannerly fellows at that time — 'I must have a look.' He looked under the counter, in the kitchen, in the cellar, and everywhere he could think off; but refrained from intruding on the quietude of the ' sick young lady' in tbe landlady's bedroom. Ah! bless .her, she was a. saint, Sir ; a saint. The youth went on his way, and never heard anything more of the matter. If I bad the power to versify well, To tattle aJong just at random, yon know, How many a nice little tale I conld tell Of things that have happened a long while ago. Bow Susan loved Johnny, and Johnny loved Sac, And how she would kiss him -when she had a slant: If I conld bat do it— to do it for yon, Would give me great pleasure— bat, bless me, I can't I am, Sir, &c.;, Bob. 