The Right Honourable. LORD ROBERT MONTAGUE, At a Meeting in Exeter Hall, on 14th May, 1886, SAID — If I understand it aright, the very centre of your work is this : to defend the Protestantism of the country, both in Church and State. I consider it a very great honour to. be allowed to co- < operate, however slightly, with, that useful work.' " Useful work?" — let me not use that term ; I say it is. a most necessary work in this time of great peril. You all know the peril, but perhaps some of us do not measure it' to the extent which really belongs to it, for there is a very great peril. When you come .to askyourselves what is the cause of thatperil, I will tell you. I will use the words of Mr. Maden Holt, in that letter we have just heard, — it is apathy of Protestants. You cannot get them to believe the power of the never-ceasing, restless and great political organization, called the Roman Catholic Church, for it is a political Association. And if you go further and speak about the intrigues of Jesuits, why, people shrug their sho.ulders and laugh. They will not believe that; they will not believe that Jesuits are every day intriguing in this country, just as they did centuries ago. And- -why is that ? Because the ' people have been taught to believe that the Jesuits are a sort of extinct species, like the dodos of Australia. But that is not the case. If even you tell them your own experience of .it, and that you know for a fact that there is all this interference in families and in States, still they will not believe that experience when you state it. The fact is, nobody in these days learns by experience— neither by his own experience nor by the experience of history. Let me give you an example. Two hundred and thirty-five years ago - Cromwell saved this country from the insidious intrigues of Charles I. and Archbishop Laud. He saved Ireland from the cruel domination and tyranny of the Roman Catholic priests ; and yet in less than thiiHy-five 3'ears after there were numbers of person going about the country laughing at the very idea of intrigues by Roman Catholic priests, and interference by Jesuits. It was a thing scoffed at and not believed. That was a great crisis in our history. In ' 1686 the people were laughing at the idea of the intrigues of the Jesuits ; yet at that very time— exactly two hundred years, ago — Tyrconnel, whom Lord Macaulay has taught you to know as "Lying Dick Talbot," plotted with Jesuits and with King James II. to overturn the Protestant Constitution in Church and State, and to carry out a conspiracy to separate Ireland from England, and put it under the protection of Louis XIV. There was a Frenchman sixty year ago — Armand Carrel— who went to the Louvre, and found there the original documents referring to that particular period ; and if those documents have been burnt since at the Louvre, there are the copies at the Hague. From those documents he found out the whole con spiracy, and published it. When ! read the book I was astounded and turned back often and often to the title-page to make sure I was not reading TAs Times' account of what happens in Ireland at the present day. Now what was that conspiracy? I will give the heads of it in short. First, to weaken, and if possible extinguish, the Protestant Church in Ireland ; secondly, to worry out the Protestant landlords by degrees, expel them from Ireland, and to hand oyer their estates to Roman Catholic tenants ; thirdly, to put education in Ireland in the hands of the Jesuits ; fourthly, to substitute for the written law of the land the unwritten law of the agitators, or rather the Canon Law of Ronie ; and fifthly, to separate Ireland from England and put it under the protection of Louis XIV. While that conspiracy was going on in Ireland, carried on by Tyrconnel and James II., a similar conspirac)' went on in England. If you want to know more about it, you can read it in a little, book called " Rome's Tactics," by the late Dean Goode, of Ripon. There you will see first, that Jesuits were clergy in the Church of England, and were endeavouring to Romanize the Church of England, by intro ducing Ritualistic practices ; secondly, that Jesuits were to mix with Nonconformists and all the different Protestant com munities to sow dissension between Protestants, and to weaken them; thirdly,, an endeavour to extinguish the liberties of Parliament, which James II. did by refusing to call Parliament together, and insisting on receiving supplies without the consent of the representatives of the nation, the object being to get rid of representative government. The scheme that I have been describing is exactly two centuries old this very year. N ow, I .. ask you to come down just two centuries in the stream of time, and I ask;you— what you all know--Has not the Church ' of Ireland been weakened ? And when it was weakened by the Church Bill were not those who supported that Bill the priests of Ireland ? Then as to the second point— How about the Protestant landlords in" Ireland ? Have they not been worried out ; have not their rents been reduced ; and is there not now a scheme on foot to get rid of them altogether, and leave the whole of Ireland in the hands of Roman Catholic tenants? As to the third point— education— a very few years ago a resolution was promulgated by the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland putting the care of education into. the hands of the Jesuits, and leaving it to Mr. Parnell and his party to supervise it. As to the next point — the substitution of another law for ; the written law of Ireland— I ask you whether you have not read i;: of places in Ireland where the Queen's writ does not run, and 5 where the Queen's law is not observed, but where the law of the National League is observed, and where the priests of j the parishes -are the judges that preside over the courts that r carry out the law of the League ? Then as to the separation : of Ireland from England. Why, Moses has "come down ! from the mount" (not Mount Sinai, but Mount Ebal) with two : tables of the law ; and one of them is to separate Ireland from England (and the Irish Government Bill does more, it ex tinguishes the omnipotence of Parliament), and the other table j of the law which he carries is to get rid of the Protestant ' landlords. Now I will prophesy of the tables of the law brought down from Mount Ebal that they will be broken. So . much for the five points about Ireland. Now let us go to the ; | three points about England, because the similarity is exactly ;. i carried out— in regard to Ritualism. A certain Jesuit has - ? often sai'd to me (I must confess that in former days I was ) misled, though honestly, to take the fatal step of joining the J Roman Catholic Church, but I thank God that he opened my eyes and enabled me to leave it)— a certain Jesuit has often said to me, " Ritualism is the net by which we shall catch the ; Church of England." I cannot afford the time to give you many instances, but I will give you one. It is a little' pamphlet, which will cost you a penny if you like to buy it, and it is published by. Kensit, 18, Paternoster Row. It is called ; "National Idolatry," and is written by Mr. Robert Brown, .' who is very well known. You will there learn what occurred 1 ; to a doctor who attended a lady on her death-bed. Before her death, God opened her eyes, and she made a confession to the : < doctor that she was not only a Roman Catholic but a Jesuit; i and "then she told him that while in the Church of England she : had become affiliated to the Jesuits, and that she had taken ; ) .the Jesuits'" oath over the communion table at the hands of the ' \ Protestant rector of the parish, who was himself a Jesuit in - > secret correspondence with' Rome. That is one fact out of a great number that, might be adduced. Now for the second point in the conspiracy against England, namely, Jesuits in ; the Protestant bodies. What is the object ? To set Non- P conformists against the Church, and the Church against Non- ; conformists ; the Free Church against the Established Presby- terian Church, and so on. I ask you whether that sort of k thing does not go on in these days. We have all a common L Protestantism, and we might all unite on that one basis— Protestantism. Then we should be strong ; then we should!; be happy, and be able to defend ourselves ; for minor points r do not matter, particularly in this time of great peril. That \ would not suit the Jesuits. The third point in the English j conspiracy was the destruction of representative institutions. What -have we seen ? Wonderous scenes in the House of Commons : all night sittings ; disgraces heaped upon represen tative government; obstruction night after night, and day after j day. With what object was that done? I will tell. you. If j you look accurately into the records given in the daily papers, | you will come to this conclusion"; (because you will see every . other possible solution excluded), that all this obstruction is carried on as a conspiracy to discredit representative institu- tioris. When once the liberties of Parliament are extinguished; I when once the Speaker, or the Prime Minister, has the power virtually through the cloture, to impose laws on. this kingdom, ; you will see. the Act of Settlement repealed, and you will see every safeguard against Popery swept away, and .then you will have time to repent, but not to resist. N ow the opposite thing to all this has. been occuring in Italy. They have long felt the tyranny 'of Romanism, and they have been trying to escape from it. There is a " Roman question," and the people have- said of the Roman question " solvitur ambulando," which means that it will be solved by the Pope running away ; and if 'heJruns away (and Mr.. Gladstone succeeds in his Bills), the Pope will come to Ireland, and there he will reign on your ; flanks ; that would be a- nice consummation ! Well, y'ou will say to me, " you have told us of a conspiracy, and you have gone into history, and you have mentioned the conspiracy between Tyrconnel and James II., and you have certainly shown us a most marvellous similarity between what happened then and what is being carried on in our own days ; but you have not shown that the Pope has anything to do with it." f Very well; now I will give you three links in the chain. These ; i are the three links : — The Pope, Michael Davitt, and William Ewart Gladstone. You know that Davitt was the mainspring of this agitation in Ireland; Mr. Parnell, a very nice gentle man and a cool man, is the figure-head, but Mr. Davitt is the mainspring. Mr. Davitt has gone about making speeches, and he has a considerable amount of brains. You know he had a reception by the Roman Catholic " Archbishop " Croke. Mr. Davitt went to Thurles, and " Archbishop " Croke sent down his coach, and Mr. Davitt rode in state to the Archiepiscopal Palace, and the greatest honours were paid to him ; and " Archbishop " Croke held up Davitt as the hero of Ireland. He is only an "Archbishop," it is true. But let us see what the Pope did. Last year, on the 8th of February, Mr. Davitt was in Rome, an'd there was a requeim mass for Pope Pius IX. (for though he was a Saint his soul is yet in purgatory, and to get it out they have a requiem mass yearly in the Sistine Chapel). Mr. Davitt was invited to attend — a wonderful honour, because it is very difficult to get a ticket to go there. And not only was Mr. Davitt put in the place of honour, but a chamberlain was set to attend upon him, and he had every attention, as if he were a Royal Sovereign. That is not all. The Pope had two newspapers in Rome, and has still one— the Moniteur de Rome — and that paper had an article on October 14, " 1882, headed " Mr. Davitt and Mr. Gladstone.". They were coupled together like Siamese twins. After heaping encomiums on Davitt, "the chief of the Land League," it continued: " We are the last to ignore the incomparable benefits and generous initiatives of the eminent man who presides over the political destines of England (meaning Mr. Davitt.) We are the last, having rendered homage to his persistent activity, and to his claims to the gratitude and honours which are due to him. Mr. Gladstone also has served the cause of humanity. . . Mr. Gladstone has pursued, throughout his whole political existence, the partial liberation of the Irish people. . . . . Yet the initiative of Mr. Gladstone is, so far, but a first essay (this was written in 1882). A greater, a more extended work is in store,— a work which will crown" his laborious and restless life, and the glory of it will overbear all cavil. For all that, we firmly believe that all Gladstone's legislative effort's would have been doomed to futility, had it not been that the Church of' Rome caused his prolific and healthful influence to affect men's hearts and minds. . ... The Papacy impressed its seal on that legislator's political labours." Now, mark, that this article in the Pope's paper was written in 1882. It says that Mr. Gladstone has a greater work in store— a work which will crown his laborious and restless life, and the glory of it will overbear all cavil." The Pope, of course, alluded then to this Home Rule scheme. The articles goes on to say that "all Mr. Gladstone's legislative efforts would hg.ve been doomed to futility had it not been that the Church of Rome caused his prolific and healthy influence to affect men's hearts and minds." Does not that show a connection between the Pope and Mr. Gladstone ? But there is another very curious fact. You will remember the Phoenix Park murders on the 6th May. On the 7th May what happened ? Mr. Davitt went to Mr. Gladstone's house in the dead of the night. I believe it was midnight, when ghosts generally walk, though Mr. Davitt is no ghost. He went there at midnight, and conversed with Mr. Gladstone for some hours, it is stated, then he set off for Paris to Mr. Patrick Egan, the Secretary of the Land League, and the succeeding day there appeared in M. Rochefdrt's paper a statement that on' the highest authority from his Irish friends, he was able to say that Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke had been murdered by the landlords of Ireland ! There was the last link in the chain. But we will pass from that, and consider the means that are used. You know the means that, have been used in Ireland, and in England too — I mean murders in Ireland, and in England the explosions of dynamite, and so on. Well, what does the Pope's newspaper sa' upon that ? I must remind you that in . this country the opinion you find in a newspaper is the opinion of the editor; but it is not so in Rome. In the Pope's newspaper nothing is published but what accords with the views of the Pope. ' He gives orders, and they write up to those orders. That remark applies also to the article I read to you about Mr. Davitt and Mr? Gladstone. Referring to the explosions and the murders then occurring, the Pope's newspaper, on April 20, 1883, said these were the " minor details of a gigantic action which will burst . out everywhere at one e,' at an appointed ( day and hour." That is nice news for the people of England to come from His Holiness the Pope ! But there is something more. You remember the trial of O'Donnell for the murder of the informer Carey. The Pope's newspaper of the 7th December, 1883, asked its friends in England and Ireland to furnish the names and addresses, and biographical notices of 1 all the jury who had convicted O'Donnell, because it wanted to be prepared to write their obituary notices, doubtless knowing that they were to be killed for giving a true verdict. So much for the means. Now what is the end in view? This end is ' stated in a publication (" Catholic Progress ") edited by a Jesuit named Albany Christy, a learned man and a nice gentleman. These were the views expressed on June 2, 1882 : — " The woes of Ireland are all due to one simple cause \- — the existence of Protestantism in Ireland. The remedy can only be found in the removal of that which caused the evil, which still continues it. Why were the Irish not content ? Because, being Irish and Catholics, they are governed by a- public opinion which is English and Protestant. Unless Ireland is governed as i. Catholic nation, and full scope given to the development of the Catholic Church in Ireland by appropriating to, the Catholic religion, funds given to religion, a recurrence of such events (as the murder of Lord F. Cavendish and Mr. Burke), as are now taking place, cannot be prevented; Would that every Protestant meeting-house were swept from the land. . . . Then would Ireland recover herself and outrages be unknown." That was in 1882. But let me quote you a passage from the Pope's newspaper of January 25, 1886, this year, on the Queen's speech which had .just been read in England :— We are disgusted at the opposition evinced in that speech to the dismemberment of the .Empire, arid-- we yearn to see Protestantism extirpated from: Ireland." Now there is very little doubt about the effects which the passing of the Home Rule Bill would have. I feel sure that Mr. Gladstone is a very clever man arid that he knows well what he is doing by the Bills he has brought vin. ..But the conspiracy failed two hundred years ago nearly. It failed in 1688. Now, perhaps, before 1888 comes we shall see a like failure in this case. Balaam has certainly been sent by Balak to curse Protestant England. Balaam rode a patient ass, but the ass kicked up its heels and refused to proceed. And Balaam said, . " would that I had a sword in .my hand for now I would kill thee ; " 01 rather "the words he used were, " I will appeal from . all enlightened Liberals to the ignorant masses?' Then the mouth of the poor suffering and tyrannized ass was opened ; and he has at last spoken some very wholesome words of rebuke.. But the Liberal, party must not be satisfied with speaking the truth. Do you remember the remark of M. Taine ? He said that before the French Revolution in 1790 there were not more than three hundred Jacobins amongst the twenty-six millions in France, but those three hundred Jacobins by their energetic action carried all before them. Therefore we must not be apathetic. We must allow all Protestants to unite on their common Protestantism. Churchmen should not oppose Nonconformists, .noi Nonconformists Churchmen; but all must unite arid stand firm, and above all bear in mind the solemn words of Sir Robert Peel, who said, " The day is not far distant, and it may be very near, when we shall all have to I FIGHT THE BATTLE OF THE REFORMATION OVER AGAIN." 