Thalaba Gospel Mission. 15 ^ ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION. CJProiu our Paterson. Correspondent.) Having heard "from afar" the good news anent the successful operations of the above mission, and moreover having come in contact with a few of the workere in connection therewith, who have caught some of tho spirit of the "Lord of the Harvest, our interest was so aroused that we were moved by a desire to see for ourselves whether the things told us were really so. Having heard that the above annual celebration was to take place on Wed- nesday, the 14th instant, we seized on the oppor- tunity to accord ourselves the pleasure of witness- ing the prsceedings thereof. PATEESON TO THALABA. In order to put in an early appearance on the scene of action, it waB necessary to take the day " by the forelock." Accordingly we rose, while yet the sidereal orbs of night glistened in the azure dome; and, by the time the " Ruler of the day had been ushered through the glowing portal ot the East, wo mounted our steed and sallied forth. It was ono of those resplendent Australian autumn mornings, when all nature as if caressed and refreshed by the gentle beneficent hand of night, smiles with sparkling dew drops. Though autumn lacks the floral perfumes of spring yet it has charma peculiar to itself, especially m this land under the Southern Cro-e, where this transition period strikes the happy uiudium between the high temperature of summer, and tho low tempera- ture of winter. Drinking in the fair Aus- tralian beauties as we went, we soon left Paterson behind and were steeriug our way amongst ruts on the Vacy road. Turning into tho Dungog road, which leaves tho road to Vacy at right angles, just opposite where Mount Johnston towoi s afoft.and crossing the Gostwyck Bridge, we were fairly on our way. Here we found the thoroughfare but little or no better ; indeed, along the whole line there is certainly a need for some improved system of road-making. When a road is far frain pleasant for an equestrian passenger, some idea may be gathered of what it must be for vehicular traffic; and this, be it remembered, is a ro;-il mail line of road. A ride of about 7 miles from Gostwyck brought us to the junction with the Big Creek road where, by arrangement, we found a contingent from that locality, together with Mr. John Walton, of the Australian Bush Mission, waiting. After hearty greetings, we again pursued our journey right joy- fully, making the glens and avenues echo with song, and soon were wending our passage around the noble cuttmgB by which Wallarobba Range is negotiated. From the summit the scenery is romantic and interesting, but nothing individually very striking is visible. After this some miles of flat country is traversed with, here and there, a settler's residence. On our arrival at the junction with the road leading to Clarence Town, the rich flats of Thalaba are seen in distance ¡ but to reaoh that locality by the road a ride of about a mile has to be taken down the road leading to Clarence Town, and, then, turning to the left and proceeding a short distance through the bush, we found ourselves coursing along a fenced-in road. Subsequently pass- ing through some cultivation flats, where we noticed very distinctly the ravages of the maize disease, and the effects of the rucent floods, and crossing a low level bridge with the turgid Williams River surging along below, we were soraowhat to our surprise quickly again wending our way amongst lofty lines of the Australian forest. Our surprise arose from the fact that wo thought that we had arrived at Thalaba, but wero told that this was " Lower Thalaba," and whereas our destination was " Upper Thalaba" we would have to proceed some two or three mileB further. The road here is little better than a bush track, becoming so bad in some places through the recent raine, that a detour had to be made through the bush. Indeed the whole track from Lower to Upper Thalaba seems like a series of detours. After riding such a dis- tance that we almost began to think that perhaps our guide had made a mistuke, we came upon a small watercourse meandering through the forest, and wero told that this was '* Lowry's Creek." Crossing this by a half broken down bridge a little Mt»» \fh *n ^tí m'd8t °f the forest came in sight, a[gr*g|C''we were subsequently told was called the *^*>y nurdi in the Wilderness"--none other than tho liialaba mission Church. Here we found some young ladies decorating for the afternoon's festivi- ties. Our party now diviled-part going to Mr. John Lowry'B, part to Mr. Marsh's, both of whom ire located within about a mile from the little wilderness sanctuary - and Mr. Walton, accom- panied byjyour unworthy, proceeded to the residence of Mr. Isaac Brewer, situated on a picturesque little eminence j ust ocrosB the flat near by. Right heartily did the beloved pastor of the mission (Mr. Brewer) give us the right hand of fellowship. Here, too, we found comfortably houped the Rev. John Straughen. This gentleman is a minister of the Baptist denomination, located at Parramatta, who has ou previous occasions visited and conducted a series of Evangelistic services in connection with this rather isolated mission, with results that will not soon bo forgotten, and was on a visit on this occasion for the purpose of not only being present at the anniversary celebration, but to promote in a definite manner the good work in connection there- with. After taking dinner, and participating in a very interesting conversation, and finally commit- ting oui selves and tho " work in the vineyard" to the great " Lord of the harvest," a start was made for the scene of action. Being on foot, the afore- said flat proved in some places rather aquatic, two or three drains, S.o., having to be negotiated on narrow planks, but no serious results accrued, and we arrived safe at the church. The ladies who presided over the first events of the day wore not quite ready, and this favoured us with an oppor- tunity to look around THE IiOOAXITTa The leading impression of the place is that of extreme seclusion, being hemmed in in every quarter by hills or forest. At Lower Thalaba there are some magnificent agricultural flats of consider- able area; but at Upper Thalaba there is no considerable extent und.jr cultivation. Tho soil generally does not seem very rich, but patches here and there on the creek bank is fairly feitile. The Bettlers gene- rally seem to be mainly engaged in pastoral pur- suits; there is also some business done in tho timber trade. Clarence Town, which can be reached and back in a day, seems to be the general port of the place. THE MISSION CHURCH, Turning to this edifice our impression was that, all things considered, it is no discredit to the place. Neatly constructed of wood, with dimensions abcut, wo should say, 35 feet by l8 feet. The interior presents a very neat appearance, being nicely lined and ceiled with tongued and grooved pine. The seating and lighting are also good. At the back there is a very convenient platform, serving as an elevation for speakers generally, THE TEA MEETING AND SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT. By about 3 o'clock a large number of good people liad gathered from near and from far. Folks repre- senting such places as Stroud, Booral, Dungog, Monkerai, Big.Creek, Vacy, Paterson, &c;, were pre- sent during the afternoon. The afternoon's pro- ceedings combined a Sunday school treat as well as tea meeting. We may hero mention that there is in connection with tho mission a well conducted and largely attended Sabbath school, under, if we remember rightly, the superintendence of Mr. George Brewer. One of the somewhat striking features of the affair was the number of children present, most of whom seem healthy and jolly and engaged in innoeent games. The word having been passed along that tea was ready, and looking at the large boilers steaming away outside with a fervour that would have made a celestial smile, and even a sublunary colonial could hardly help at least a grin, wo did not doubt that tea was really ready, and entering the edifice, which was neatly decorated with greenery interspersed with floral beauties, wo found two long tables laden-yes, verily loaded, with a grand spread of edibles, rich and in some cases rare, indeed dainties that would teinpt the appetites of kings and possibly queens too. Grace having been sang we fell to business, and the good ladies, who , S^K5 as rt were under the presidency of the vener P a-lwTjIrs' YoateB»wore busy for a while. The first f styVng consisted mainly of visitors, and was soon !. succeeded by others, and finally came the children. Again and again gastronomic assaults were made upon the baskets, eases, and boilerB of flue com- missariat, but when evening shades began to fall they had failed to capitulate, and the seige was rawed to give place for the public meeting. During the afternoon we Bhould say that the greater part of 200 must have sat dowa to tea Towards oven mg Mr Mooro, tho massif of the local Public school, and who takes great interest in the children, put a number of the bigger hoys attendant at the school through some military drill, and very fair pro- ficiency was shown, in the several manouvres TttE PUBLIC HEBTlNO The first proceedings in connection with thiB part of tho programme was some singing by the Behool children under the masterly conductorship of Mr Mooro Some 15 girls and 11 boys were arranged on the platform, and to the wield of the conductor's sceptre sang in very creditable styk some nice pieces, such as " Australia Fair," " Tra la, la," and other moro difficult part songs, which were very pleasing, indeed, the only fault wo had to find ^ as the short- ness of the performance At the conclusion the audience, at the suggestion of tho Rev Mr Straughon, expressed their approbation of Mr Moore s efforts This over, preparations were made for the public meeting proper Tae building soon became crowded from platfoini to the door, and some were unable to gain admission As we looked over the gathering our impression was that it was a particularly happy one Trom tho ruddy youth to those whose hoary heads indicated their approach to the culminating altitudes of life's range we did not notice a single lugubrious face Whatever religion has done for theso people, it has not made them sad Mr Roboit Berry, a prominent worker m con- nection with the mission, was voted to the chair, and expressed his pleasure at taking that position After singing, and an appropriate prayer by the Rev J Stiaughen, several short addresses were delivered, which were received with approbation Mr John Walton, of the Bush Mission, was called on for the first addrtss He was very glad to be present, and to see the chairman hold that position Three years ago he had visited the mission, and was pleasingly surprised at what ha saw and heard of the good work, and now he was increasingly pleased to seo that the work was still going on and spreading Ho had heard of the good and wondeiful work that h id been going on at the seveial outposts of this mission-Stroud, Monkeiai, Big Creek, and Paterson-but he found like the Queen of Sheba, on visiting those places " that the halt had not been told him " He had been present when the mission had opened at Paterson, and also at Stroud, and was thankful to find, from what he saw and heard, that their efforts had not been in vam The question that now suggested itself was, " shall this work go on?" If it was they would have to or- ganise and consolidate the work He had had 14 years' experience, and had found organisation neces sary to maintain such a course Workers would have to work systematically if the mission is to prosper The Salvation Army was an instance of the result of organisation He found that through working systematically that organisation could maintain a captain where one would imagine a bandicoot could not live Ho hoped the work would go on, and that all would co operate with Brother Brewer to press it forward If you cannot cross the ocean And the heathen lands explore You cen Had the heathcu nearer. Ton can help thein at your door. Let none hear you idly sa} Ing There ia nothing I oan do While the souls ot men are dying And the .Master calls for you Take the task Ile gives you gladly. Let Uis work your pleasure be, Answer quickly when Ile calletu Here am I, scud me send me ' (Applause ) Another hymn was then sung, and we may here mention that tho singing during the evening was very hearty and good. Mr. J. C. Harris, of Paterson, was next called upon for an address. Ho related how he had first heard of the mission and had met its esteemed pastor; and ajso told »f the very encouraging results that had attended the labours of the Lowry Brothers on the Paterson. He had attributed the success of this mission work to the fact that they met people outside their donominationalisms, and presented the Bimple question, "Will you accept Christ or reject Him?" which brought the unconverted to the great and infinitely important point of decision. The question tion had been asked, " Shall this work go on ?" He woodcred at such a question being a^ked, for to ask such a question was to answer it. The answer was-It shall go on ! No. It must go on ! The great things that had already been done was but an evidence of what might be done. Then why should there be a thought of stopping ? The dow of God's grace had fallen upon their pastor and the mission, and it had grown as the lily-its branches had spread and the roots of the good work hod " cast forth its roots as Lebanon," and he expected that the work would still go on and prosper. (Applause.) Another hymn, and then Mr. M'Leod, a visitor from Canada, gave a pointed and interesting address on the necessity of saving grace and the simple way and plan of salvation laid down in the Gospel for the presentjdelivorance from the guilt, power, and pollution of sin as a preparation for heaven. Mr. Duffy being present responded to the call of the chairman, and related his early experiences with the Thalaba people, and gave some sago advice for the furtherance of the work in connec- tion with the mission. [ Mr. I. Brewer, pastor of the mission, was the next speaker, and gave a brief sketch nf the history of the mission. They doubtloss would like to know how the good work originated. It seemed to him as if it had started as it were spontaneously. Some thirty years ago his dear father was the only ono on Thaluba that held up Christ as a present con- scious Saviour, and he was not without his trials. The great flood of '57 washed away nearly all that his father had, and shortly after this his mother died. Well he remembered his mother's death, and very touchingly described it. The effect of these trials on his father was to stimulate him to work for the Master, and ho Btarted a Sunday school which he kept for three years, when it lapsed, but was again started, and has been kept on ever since. In his (the speaker's) early life, he having been trained to respect Divine truth, did not fall into any gross sins, but was conscious of his need of sav- ing grace. His early impressions of the Gospel under a Mr. Morton and others, deepened into con- viction. This conviction for sin deepened till ho thought there was no hope for him ; hut out of the depths of his despair he cried to God, and was en- abled to venture himself on the atonement of Christ by faith, and found peaco through believing. This happened l8 years ago on last St. Patrick's Day. For two years he refused to confess Christ/and hid the light of his Christianity " under a bushel ¡" but the time caine when ho felt he could keep his experience of the love of Christ to himself no longer, and, like Jonah, felt compelled to obey God's call to work for Hiin. He described how that one day ho came to the point of decision, and without going home, went as he was in his shirt-sleeves and got some people to- gether atthohouseof Mrs. Yeates, and told them what the Lord had done for him. The news soon spread, and the question was asked " Who do you think has turned preacher ?" And so general curiosity was aroused. His Thimble efforts were blessed, and a good work hroke out. Subsequently a young men's society was formed, and met every Sunday for prayer and mutual instruction in Divine truth, and in these meetings the gift of speak- ing was cultivated. This society was after- wards called the " Thalaba United Chris- tian Association." About this time they were visited by Mr. Ingram and Bro. Cox, who had been a hard and fast but lifeless Church of England mau, was converted and united with them, A number of Methodist and other friends visited, and helped them from time to time, and people had been con- verted all round. They had not been corftent with confining the work in the locality, hence they had gone forth and laboured at the Monkerai, Dungog, Booral, Stroud, and the Paterson. God had blessed the mission-the great business of which was to proclaim to men the great truth " Yo must be born again." They could not boast silver and gold but were enriched by the Holy Ghost. Ho thought that the fact that the Lord had used such poor feeble instruments as they were to do his work should pro^e an encouragement to others to labour in the vineyard. " All my doubts I give to Jesus," was then very nicely and feelingly sung, being started by a young lady present. The next speaker was Mr. John Lowry. It was with mingled feelings of gladness and sorrow that he rose to address them-gladness for the good work that had been done, and sorrow for those that were still unsaved. The title of " Bishop" had been applied to him. [The speaker here alluded to the fact that at an earlier stage of the meeting he had been humorously termed " Bishop of Paterson," and Bro. Cox " Bishop of Stroud."] But he did not merit any such title, and ho hoped that if th-T gave him any title it would be that of " door- keeper." He related tho story of his conversion in a very striking manner, andwarnedallpresont, especi- ally the young people, to prepare to meet God. To show that all needed the same salvation, he said that he had been a gross and open sinner-whereas his wife, with whom he had been acquainted about 20 years, and had never known her to commit an . open sin, yet she had to obtain the new life the same way as he had-through ChriBt. Mr. Marsh next spoke. He had been converted to God through hearing Mr. Morton preach from the text " Search the Scriptures, for in them yo think ye have eternal life." He searched the Scriptures and learned his dead state by nature and the life set before him in Christ, and for a number of years he realized in his personal experience the truth of the Saviour's declaration, " He that believeth hath (not think he liath) ever- lasting life." Mr. Robert BarneB, of Stroud, in a very in- telligent manner, centred his remarks on apassage of 6cripture. He was converted in connection with the Methodist Church under the ministrations of the Rev. W. H. Rodgers-the particulars of which were very interesting and definite. He spoko in very high terms of the efforts of the mission^ at, Stroud during the past twelve months. In coming over the mountain that day ho had seen the difficulties that they had to surmount to go to Stroud, and ho was more than ever convinced that their hearts must bo filled with the love of Christ to ride such a journey for the Master. The Rev. Mr. Straugh,en was the next speaker, and addressed himself mainly to Christian workers. He referred to the honor conferred on men as the instruments in God's hands of winning souls, and he fancied that if it were possible for the Angels to envy they would envy thora in such glorious work. The high honor conferred was confirmed by the fact thatthey were declared tobe "co-workers with Him" -as working partners with Christ. Another honor was the fact that those we won for Christ bore a Bort of spiritual relationship to us. If they would prosper Christian workers, they would have to-1st. Cultivate the Spirit of Prayer, not only in their meetings, but in private, for it was a private prayer where the power was obtained ; 2nd. They would have to work in the Spirit of Christ. No success could be obtained independent of the Holy Spirit. The reason that so much preaching failed was that it had not the unction of the Spirit. They needed, to be so filled by the Spirit that there would bo an overflow that would reach our fellow creatures-then we became like channels through which gracious influences were brought to the un- saved ; 3rd. All work must be done in loyalty to Christ, according to tho teachings of the book. Church standard might be aU very well, but above all they should be loyal to Bible truth-as the will of God revealed to ua ; 4th. Let unity prevail they had a"living Saviour-then let them be as one man in Him. The devil would strive to sow dissension, and they would have to guard against it. Surely in such a great work they could afford to lay aside small differences ; 5th. Let each do some- thing for the Master. There was work for all, and it. could not be done by one or two. Churches were being wrecked, because all the work was left to the ministers. Oth. Don't be diseourrged because others do not agree with our methods, nor be given to the j spirit of finding fault with other people's ways of working. It was not our place to judge other peo- ple's methods or work. Lastly. Remember that we have but very little time todo the work we have to do. The Lord Jesus is coming, and we should live as those who are looking for Him. If Ho should come before their work was completed, they would not be ready for Hira, which would be very sad. They had only one life to live, and that was short, and he trusted that they would be alive to the fact that they might be able to say "I have finished the work thou gavest me to do." Some more singing was participated in, after which Mr. James Parish, of Big Creek, spoke of the work accomplished in his locality. Mr. Relton, of Monkerai, also spoke in like manner ; and was suc- ceeded by another, Mr. Barnes, of Stroud, in a vigorous address. Short addresses were also given by two or three others. By this time, about ten o'clock, notwithstanding the fact that more than once during the evenine the Chairman had intimated that the meeting would be kept up till morning, there were certain indications that at last some present would no1; submit to this idea-not that anyone present showed a tendency to visit the land of Nod, but rather that some, viz., numerous " olive branches " present, could not get there, and again and again declared their emphatic detestation of such unkind detention. In consequence several had to retire 'for peace. To remedy matters, the Chairman, with admirable discernment, declared a recess for refresh- ment. Quite an active scene ensued. The chairman and speakers left the platform, and elie ladies again took command of proceedings, and piled plates of tarts, buns, cakcB, &c;, were soon passing around, and, quickly disappearing, to be as quickly replenished : indeed the supply of pro- visions was something wonderful. Numerous cups of tea were the welcome accompaniments of the good things, and everybody seemed to enjoy them- selves, and «vhen all seemed satisfied there ap- peared quite a stock of provisions left. Being now about eleven o'clock, most of the women and children were glad to make for their homes. After home consultation, the Rev. Mr. Straughen and Mr. Walton, being weary with the day's proceedings, thought discretion the better part of valour, and also retired. Your unworthy, being rather unwell, reluctantly followed their example, and had the pleasure of hearing the meet- ing proceeding after we were comfortably wooing MorphouB under the hospitable roof of Mr. John Brewer, across the flat. Next morning we heard that the meeting was kept up till four o'clock in the morning, when another tea, or rather-breakfast, was taken, after which attention waa turned towards " home, sweet home." Everybody we spoke to SPemed to thoroughly enjoy the whole affair, and will not we aro sure soon forget it. May 13th, 1887. 