THE BUSHFORD CASE. IN EIGHT CHAPTERS. CHAP. HI . — CONTINUED. Watt a minute, sir,1 replied the sergeant. Yoa see, there are other stations besides Bushford he might have come to — iu fact, it was more probable he would come to one where he was not so well known. X soon ascertained the position ana distance or the two most likely ones — Camelton and Briarly. I determined to ti y Briarly first, because it was nearer ; so off I go in the cab again. I got out of the cab before I came to the station, and strolled on the platform iu a promiscuous way, and began inquiring about the train 3 and one thing and another ; and, after a bit, I found out that Mr. Carlton had arrived there from London by the last train which stopped there, a little after ten o'clock. There was no mistake about it, for the porter I was speaking to knew him by sight. Now, the nest thing to be con sidered was— Could he have got back to town that night I There was no train op «om oriany, and he had not been seen at Bushford ; besides, the last train stopped there Bt eleven o'clock, so there was no time for him to catch it. But the up-mail stopped at Camelton Jnnc- tion at ten minntes past twelve. I drove back to the vicarage, and sent the cab on to wait for me where the foot path joins the main road on the way to Camelton ; for £ meant to walk across the fields myself, to see whether I could find a continuation of the footprints. First of all, I inquired at the vicarage if Mr. Carlton had arrived. — Did I men tion that he had been telegraphed for in the morning ?' 'No ; you did not.' Well, he had, and his not coming, of itself looked rather suspicions ' He might have been at the hospital,' I said ; ' and the telegraphic message was probably sent to bis lodging.' ' Of course, that was just possible. Anyhow, nothing had been heard of him at the vicarage. Well, off I set across the fields ; and there, sure enough, were the footprints. I didn't stop to trace them all the way step by etep, but I caught sight of them here and there till I came to the road, where they were lost among others. The cab was waiting for me, aod on I went to Camelton. Here I dismissed the cab, for I consid ered I bad quite enough evidence now to warrant me iu arresting Mr. Carlton on suspicion. As I had half an hour to wait for a train, I employed the time in aamug a lew questions. — no you nave maoy passengers by the up-night mail ?" I inquired of a porter. — "Very seldom have any at all from here," he answered. " We hadn't one for a week till last night." — " Did you have any last night, then J" says L — " One gentleman," says ha — " Did you know him ?" I said. — " No, sir," be replies. " I'm a stranger here — only just been put on." — "Per haps some of your mates knew bim !" I suggested. — "There was only one on duty besides myself, and he's a fresh hand too." — " What was the passenger like !" I says. — " I only noticed that he was a good-looking young gentleman," he answers — "And was he going through to London V' — " Mast have been," he says, " for the mail don't stop till it stops at the ticket platform." ' Well, sir,' continued the sergeant, ' the train came up, and I was back in London by seven o'clock." 'Von certainly did not waste any time .' ' Not I, sir. It doesn't do to waste time in a job of that sort,' said the ser geant, evidently feeling mnch flattered. ' Bat I hadn't done my day's work yet. I gave in my report at the office ; and the superintendent agreed with me that Mr. Ernest Carlton had better be arrested at once — that is, if we contd find bim — so I takes a constable in uniform with me and sets off to his lodgings. Well, sir, he was at home, and didn't look mnch surprised when I told him my business, bat surrendered himself at once. Of course I gave him the usual caution, that whatever he said might be used against him, and he replied tbat it was quite unnecessary, for he did not intend to say anything, except that he was not guilty. — Well, sir, the next thing I did was to search his rooms.' ' And did yon find anything against him !' ' I should think I did, sir First of all, there was a coat with bloodstains on one of the sleeves ; then there was a pair of maddy boots, exactly like the footprints at Bnshford ; and lastly, there was a case of surgical instruments, and amongst them a long, thin, sharp knife — just such a one as would have done the deed.' ' Was there any blood on the knife I' No, sir. I am bound to say there was not. Bat then, yoa see an instru ment like that is very easily cleaned. — Well, before taking the prisoner away I questioned the landlady. She told me that he came home in the afternoon and went out again in the evening. At eleven o'clock he had not returned ; bat she went to bed, as he was frequently ont late and had a latchkey. She heard him come in, bat didn't know what tame it was, as she had been asleep.' ' The evidence is certainly strong.' 'Strong!' exclaimed Sergeant Mellish ; ' I should flunk it is.— But I haven't done yet, x ota tne prisoner up w, w Street next morning, and got him re manded. Then I set to work again. I soon fonnd ont what sort of a game he had been carrying on— billiard -playing, card-playing, betting on hones — and " oi coarse losing at all of them. Then,- yon see, sir, all this generally leads to drink ing and other things ; and it did so -in his case. He bad told one of his fellow- students about three weeks before that his nncle the vicar had been to see him — having somehow heard of his goings- , on— and threatened to cat him ont of' his will if he didn't reformat once. He: having promised faithfully to do so, the old gentleman had given bim money, to : pay his debts. Well, be kept all right for a little while ; but not for long, for one night he was persuaded to take ;n 1 hand at cards, and lost the money he had reserved to meet a bill that he bad accepted, which wonldbecome due in s. day or two. There waa nothing for it but to go down to Bushfond and -confess to his nncle that he ' Imd, broken fii pro- miBS. This he did on the day- of the murder. h» fellow-etudent didn't see him when he came back, so couldn't tell me whether he got the mbney.out of the old gentleman or-uqt; but of 'cqurse fre didn't, for' only /shoot fhiriy'ehQUhgs was fonnd on Mmat"iilBdodguignThBB9i, however, I discovered, iad heen psidhy a cheque ient'itte ier money-lender who held it. Well, I t iink this is about all, sir j and I think you'll say — enough too.' 'The case undoubtedly looks black at present ; but you must remember that Mr. Carlton has reserved his defence.' ' Exactly so, sir. He has positively refused to give any explanations what ever.' ' Well, I have no doubt,' I responded, ' that he will give such explanations to me as will enable me to clear him from ausaspicioD.' Sergeant Mellish smiled dubiously as he said - < Well T hnn >,« - > \- j - "c way, HIT. Did you attempt to And a clue in any other direction T ' Lord bless you, sir, no. What was the good, wben the case was so clear against Mr. Csriton ? Betweeu you and me, he hasn't the ghost of a chance ; andifyon're going to conduct his de fence, I'm sony yon haven't a better prospect of sncceediog.' 'At all events, I shall do my best.' ' That I'm sore you will; sir, and I wish yon lock.' And with that, he Wo me a respectful good-night I sat for hoars thinking over what he had told me, aod trying to find a way through the labyrinth which environed Ernest ; but the more I thought, the blacker seemed the clouds that hovered over him ; and when at last I retired to res they were still nnpierced by any ray of light. CHAT. XV.— EENESX. The night was passed in fitful sleep haunted by dreams, in which Ernest Sergeant Mellish, and my poor uncle, with blood flowing from his breast, were mixed inextricably with the tall spars and white canvas of The Mermaid and the rolling waves of the North "Sea. I rose, little refreshed by these broken slumbers and, after a hasty breakfast, started for Goldstone. Although I felt that tbe truth would in a few hours be make known to me by Ernest himself, I could not keep my thoughts from seek ing a solution of the mysteiy for myself; but the more I racked my brain, the farther I seemed from coming to any satisfactory conclusion. That Ernest was at the vicarage that night, scarcely admitted of a doubt. The recognition of him by the porter at Briarly Station ; the departure of the single passenger, answering to his description, from Camelton J unction ; tbe footprints lead ing across the fields in that direction ; the muddy boots, exactly fitting those footprints — were facte which it appeared to be impossible to confute. He must have oeea there at the time, or after wards. Ay, afterwards ; it most have been so. He had arrived to find the murder already done and the assassin fled. But if so, why did he not at once alarm the house 1 Could he have feared that snspicion would fall upon himself ? He would scarcely have thought of that at snch a moment ; or if he thought of It, wonld not have allowed the thought to influence him when be knew himself to be innocent. Who could think otherwise 1 Ernest, so truthful, open, generons-hearted — so loviog, so beloved — so like his sister ! He capable of snch a foul deed 1 No, no ; it could not be ! I strove bard to pat these thoughts — to pat all thought — from me, and to read tbe newspaper I had bought before entering the train. But no ; I could ' not I mechanically read paragraph after paragraph ; but my eyes conveyed no impression to my brain ; and I kept on thiuking the foregoing, or something like it, over and over again, in spite of myself, So passed the time till the train arrived at Goldstone. Having obtained the requisite authority to see Ernest, I hastened to the gaol. When Ernest aod I met, I harried forward with my hand extended ; bnt he drew back, and said': ' Before I take your hand, Hany, tell me that yon believe me innocent.' ' Look me in the face, Ernest, and assure me that yon are so, and not one doubt shall linger in my mind.' ' On my hononr, I am, Harry !' he exclaimed, as his eyes looked into mine. There was no need for farther words : our ban 3s were elapsed ; and from that moment, not a thousand Sergeant Mel- lishea could have made me think him guilty. I had expected to find him mnch changed, but not so mnch ! His face was pale, his cheeks hollow, his eyes sunken, bis hair and dress neglected. His man ner, tool — at one rime deeply dejected ; at another, almost reckless. He would speak solemnly and feelingly of onr departed ancle, and with contrition of his own errors ; bat when I sought to tarn the.disconrse to his present position, and to lead him to account for his movements on that night, he would change at once, assume a forced gaiety, and try to evade the subject with a laugh that made me shudder to hear. Our conversation commenced by his asking me abont my cruise In The Mer maid, bnt I' dismissed tbe subject in a words, and then said : ' Come, Ernest, we have something more serious to talk of than this. Don't let ns waste the time we can be together in frivolous dis course. Gome, there mast be no reserve between us.' n a v\f 1 nn.. xveserve » vi vuuw uvb . ti uy should there be t There never "baa been : has. there!— Have yon seen the girls ' Certainly,' I replied.' 1 1 hastened to the vicarage as eoon as I landed.' 1 And are they well?' jYoa can scarcely, expect them to be welL' No, no ; how conld they be !' he said. ' But. do they bear it bravely t' 1 Amy seems almost overwhelmed with grief, both for our poor uucle'e death and onyour account ; and Laura, though more composed — as it is ber nature to be — feels, I am sure, not less deeply.' And then I gave him Laura's message. 'Her undying love!' he repeated sadly and musingly. — 'Amy door not thick me guilty!' he went oh, after a pause. Not for a moment did she; .nor did Lama. « Laura !— No ; I am sore s7« did not !' 'And. cad' 'yon imagine thatAmy is less! ready -to -.put faith in yon than LanTa?: t asked, somewhat indignantly. :'t)b/no;-t»6 J he reaponded:qmckly;; only Amy's idipositionis different; she is jihore easily swayed by Hie opimoh of .,piFuieuch(a'CBe as this.' . :ys. ; |W«U$'.rwpl)«ia0 doubt you are right,' he inswered, though scarcely,'! upright; 1.1 T rr :..o»39 erei notfcraw o< i'You add much to their sirrow, Ernest,' I went od, ' by refusing to see them. Why will you not 1' 'Why!' he exclaimed bitterly. 'Can you ask me that ? What ! bring them to a prison ! Would you have me do so ?' ' Yes, I would. 'There can be no disgrace or impropriety in their coming to a prison to see the brother of tbe one and the affianced husband of the other, especially when he ie confined there for a crime he did not commit.' ' Ah S' he rejoined ; you and they may believe I did not commit it ; Hut uuw aoouc tne rest ot tne world J woo else believes me innocent !' We sat iu silence for a minute or two, and then Ernest suddenly said : ' Well, Harry, how are you getting on ? Any briefs yet ?' ' I should accept no briefs,' I said, ' if they were offered. I shall devote my whole rime and energy to your defence, though it will perhaps be advisable to secure the services of some celebrated council to lead.' rari tilt Uanm 1 It & — I - - t vehemently ; Fll have no counsel but yon.' ' I will, of coarse,' I said, ' conduct your defence, if you wish it ; but I want you to tell me the whole truth as to where you were and what you did that night ; and also to give me all the information yon have it in your power to give that may enable me to obtain evidence to support your statement.' ' Harry, I can give you no information whatever.' ' You can give me no information ' I ejaculated in astonishment. 'Ernest, what am I to think ' ' Think what you will,' he answered recklessly, 'and leave me to my fate.' 'That I will never do, whatever I may think.' ' Whatever you may think ! — Ah !' be resumed, speaking reproachfully, ' you believe me guilty now !' ' No, no, Ernest !' ' No wonder if yon do,' he went on passionately ; ' bat I call God to witness that I am not. Guilty of the murder 1 I would give every drop of blood in my veins now to recall those wicked acts of mine that caused my dear nncle so mnch pain. I would give every drop of my blood to bring him back to life, only for one brief minute ; and hear him say, " Ernest, I forgive yon." ' As he was speaking, the tears came into his eyea ; he dashed them away once oftwice ; but as he proceeded, they came more plenti fully, and at last he utterly broke down. and burying his face in bis hands, he sobbed like a child, I was glad to see this, though my own eyes were dim. I placed my hand on his shoulder and waited patiently till he recovered his composure, then I said : ' Ernest, this will do you good, I hope ; but there was no need of it to convince me of yonr innocence. But I am lost in wonder as to what those circumstances can be which render you unable to give me your entire confidence.' ' Harry,' he said, quietly now, though still epeakiog with emotion, 'you must trust to me blindly. Believe me, I have no alternative but to leave you in the dark.' 'At all events,' I nrged, 'tell me whether the footmarks were really yours — whether or not you were are tbe vicar age that night ?' 'I will not tell yoa — There, Harry, that's a straighforward answer to a plain question.' Seeing how paioed I was at his man ner, be took my band, and said : 'For give me, Harry, for my petulance ; you don't know — yon can't know — what the state of my mind is. Don't ask me any thing else, for I can't tell you the trnth, aod I won't tell you a lie. If you can get me acquitted by your own skill and eloquence, well and good ; if not, I shall go to the scaffold with a knowledge of my innocence, and a firm conviction that I have acted for the best; and tha knowledge and conviction will, I trust, sustain me to the end.' I was now thoroughly convinced of the inutility of pressing him further, on the present occasion at least, and there fore made np my mind to rely wholly on myself So rising from my chair, I said : ' My time is up for to-day, Ernest; but I will see you again shortly. — And now, what Bhall I say for yon to the girls ?' ' Say to Amy all that a brother in my wretched position can say to console a sister whom he loves dearly. And say to Lanra that there most be no more talk or thought of love between as — that whether these prison doors open to give me liberty, or only for my passage first to my trial, and afterwards to my death — whether I am declared innocent or guilty, we must meet no more ! ' Ernest, I cannot tell her that !' ' Yon must, Harry ; and more than that tell her I entreat her, at the earliest possible moment, to put miles of sea between herself and me — between herself and every person and every place con nected with the past few years of her life, and, if she can, forget them. — And now, good-bye for to day ; bnt come again soon.' ' Most certainly ; and I hope to find yon then in s less morbid state of mind. He smiled sadly, and shook his head as we parted. a ierc tne prison more bewildered than I had entered it, and repaired to BuBh- ford to tell my mother and the girls the result of the interview. Tbey were as much perplexed as myself to account for Ernest's conduct, and could give no help towards the elucidation of the mystery. After dinner, I fonnd an opportunity of speaking to Laura alone, when I gave her Ernest's message. Lanra sat with ber eyes fixed on my face, and made no comment until I had quite finished; then she said : Does he think bo lightly of my love as to imagine that I conld do this 1 If all the world deserted him — even if yon and Amy were to desert him — I should love him all the more— if it be possible for me to love him more than Idonow.' She spoke quietly, bat so impressively as ti carry tbe conviction to me that what she uttered came direct from her. heart; and X thought how truly womanly snch sentiments are. A mail's love rarely survives his respect : a; woman's, on the contrary, remains uuehangedhow- eyernn worthy the otjectpflt tnayprove. . The next day waatbhath ;aud we all attended the-bemcBinthe old church, where we Irad topflbhWeard the words of the sacred ferries from th'elipa pf lii'n who had been so- 'icnieUytaken from ni'. '"'!t .yppsw jgreat tq-,our composure to rthere now, knowing that we could never bear his voice again ; but we all came forth, I think, calmer and more resigned than we had been btfore. The next morning, while at breakfast, we came to a settlement as to a residence for the girls, as we had no desire to oc- enpy the vicarage longer. My suggestion of a lodging in London, at least until after the trial, was decided on as the best plan that conld be adopted ; and it was arranged that the removal should take place in the coarse of the week. When, therefore, I returned to London, I took Boitable apartments for them in one of the quiet streets between the Strand and the river. My next step was to see Ernest's fellow-student, who had given the infor mation to SergeaDt Mellish. I had no difficulty iu finding him at the hospital ; but I learned little from him that I had not known before. I thereafter repaired to the money-lender to whom my late uncle had paid the twenty-five pound bilL He received me with perfect polite- ness, and speedily put me in possession of all the facts connected with Ernest of which he was cognisant. He had had no previons transaction with Ernest, who had been introduced to him by a young gentleman of some property and con siderable expectations, with whom he had frequently done business. My third interview was with Ernest's late landlady. She was a garrulous old lady, who had seen better days. As I gained nothing from her that added to my stock of koowledge relating to Ernest's movements, I will not inflict oor conversation on mc readers The muddy boots, the blood-stained coat, and the case of surgical instruments, had, of coarse, been taken possession of by the police ; and by making applica tion to tbe proper authorities, I might, no doabt, have obtained permission to view them ; but this seemed to me to be o! little if any nse. Moreover, as it was now growing late in tbe afternoon, and X wished to return to Bushford that even- iQg> i postponed uiy inspection of those articles for the present. The principal hope — X may say the only real hope— that I entertained was that I might be able to prove the im possibility, or at least the great improba- biUty, of Ernest being able to get from Briarly Station to the vicarage, commit the murder, and reach Camelton Junction in time for the mail. Could I do this, the theory of the prosecution would be considerably shaken ; for the porters at Camelton had nnt vnntlirpfl fcr» nnroar positively to Ernest's identity ; and the evidence of the Briarly porter might be broken down in cross-examination, for he had not seen Ernest many times, and in the darkness, might easily have been mistaken. It will be remembered that in my description of Bushford and the surround ing country, I stated that Briarly Station was a little over four miles, and Camelton Junction, by the footpath across the fields, about six miles from the vicarage. The total distance, therefore, that Ernest would have had to traverse between Briarly and Camelton would be more than ten miles. Now, the train by which Ernest was supposed to have travelled from Loudon, arrived at Briarly at a quarter past ten, and tbe np-mail was timed to leave Camelton at ten min utes past twelve. Supposing the mail to have been five minutes late — a rare occurrence with that train — there wonld be just two hours to do more than ten miles, without allowing any time for the committal of the murder. Ernest and I had repeatedly tried our walking powers iu opposition to one another, and there was little, if any, difference between as. We were neither of us great pedestrians as regards speed, but we could get over a considerable dis tance at a fair rate. I was certain that if I could not do the distance within the two hoars, Ernest could not. I would test the possibility, therefore, of the feat, by going over the same ground as Ernest did, and at the same hour of night. But then, supposing that I should fail iu accomplishing the task, I could not, as counsel for the defence, go into the wit ness-box to prove it. This was a dilemma, which at first had not entered into my thoughts, and it was some time before I could see my way oat of it. At length I thought of Bob Coveney. He, I re membered, had on several occasions matched himself against both me and Ernest, and had invariably beaten as, though not easily. Bob, then, was the very man for my purpose ; audi wrote to him at once, asking him to come to Bushford with the least possible delay. Bob Coveney arrived ' the following morning ; and when I explained to him what I required, he readily undertook to assist me, and went at the task with all his usual energy and impetuosity. I bad imparted my design- to my mother and the girls; and they awaited tbe result in a state of considerable ex citement, which I confess I shared to a great extent. As for Boh, it was with much difficulty he controlled his impa tience At length the night came, and at nine o'clock we set of for Briarly, walking leisurely. The sky was clear, though there was no moon ; oh the night of the murder it was dark and cloudy. The roads and footpaths then were somewhat heavy from the rain ; now, they were dry and hard. The circumstances, then, were decidedly io onr favour. We got to Briarly a little after ten, and waited at the station gate for the arrival of tbe train. Panctnal to tbe time it drew up at the platform ; and one minute after wards we started, running some distance at a steady. pace ; then walking a while at the top of onr speed; then ranning again ; and so on, wilking and running alternately, just aa a man wonld who wanted to get over the ground as quickly as possible without actually exhausting himself As we passed the front of the vicarage, I noticed my mother and the girls at one of the windows' watching ub. On we went through the churchyard and garden to the study window. We did not enter 'tfie room, but gave one minute for the perpetration of the crime — as short a rime as could possibly be allowed — and then started again. . Hitherto, we had been on a good level road, and' there had 'been nothing to delay us; bat on entering the fields the case wu altered. ' The path was a good oqe; but it ' teqnlred some caption in pursuing it at night, for there were rats on either wUiffi would hsve qaicldy broughtus to the groan d,had we stepped id thfem wheh ranhlhg/peiiiaps ' .with the pMrily of a -firoken ankle. - There were seFerafstffes, uorbw ; sbme bf these we were able to vault over ; but others we had to paBS more deliberately, knowing that there was rongh ground on the opposite side. Then we came to the stream. This I have described as being spanned by a rustic bridge. The bridge was of the simplest character, beioe formed by a single plank, with a hand rail 00 <>ue side only. We were obliged . to cross it cautiously, and had to relax onr speed somewhat in ascending the hill on tbe other side. Soon after we gained the high-road. We were folly a mile and a half from Camelton, when we heard the whistle of the mail as it passed through Bushford Station, without stepping. We looked at one another, but did not speak. We felt sure now that we should fail to reach the junction in time. Up to this time, we had kept well together ; but Bob now put on a spurt and went slightly ahead. We were yet a mile from Cameltoo when we saw the train pass ns on our right, and shortly afterwards we heard it stop. After a very short interval came the sharp whistle as it again started, and we knew that we were too late. Still, we went on to the station gate, which Bob reached about a hundred yards in advance of me. On looking at onr watches, we fouod that it was eighteen minutes past twelve. The train had been gone eight minutes. It was some time before we recovered our wind sufficiently to speak, for we had run the last mile or so. When we were able to compare notes, we agreed at once that it was utterly impos-dble that Ernest could have done the distance quicker than we bad, or even so quickly. A a txta nrorn nnllnnxv nniailn " w "V«v nuiniug Iuwwjf UWA bU the vicarage, Bob suggested the advisa bility of repeating our experiment on tbe following evening, so that his evidence shoald not rest ou the result of one trial only. I heartily concurred in bis pro posal, and the matter was settled accord ingly. My mother and the girls were waiting at one of the back windows of the vicar- age, watching for oar retara, aad 1 need scarcely say how pleased they were to hear the result of onr expedition. The next morning I questioned old Luke respecting the words he had over heard my uncle speak during his inter view with Ernest. The houeBt old fellow varied his original statement in no way. They both spoke in an excited manner, bat tbe only words he distinctly heard were ' my will. He adhered firmly to the fact that he did hear those words. ' You see, Master Harry,' he said, ' I Wfl.sn V. VAttr nMi t-.haa rririnw a n<3 T'm getting the least bit deaf; bat I bad been need to his voice all my life, and I conld hear him better than anyone else. I heerd him say " my will " as plain as ever I heerd him say anything. I moved forder away after that, for I didn't want to be a listener. 1 wish I hadn't heerd him, Master Harry ; but I did, and I must speak the truth.' I honoured the old man for his sturdy honesty, though I heartily wished he was less positive. It is not necessary for me to describe bow Bob and I repeated our race against time ; suffice it to say that, the sky being more cloudy, we were even longer than on the previous night in accomplishing the task. Bob returned home on the following morning. The removal to London having been finally fixed for Saturday, it became necessary for me to look over my late uncle's furniture and effects. Such articles as were not closely associated in our minds with the deceased, or had not been particularly valued by him, we determined should be sold. The remain ing things were to be warehoased until snch times as we should ourselves require them for use. My poor ancle's library I resolved to preserve intact. Tbe acquisi tion of it had occnpied his lifetime, and the volnmes composing it bad been selected with much care, most of them being the best editions, and some of great rarity. I was sure that my fellow- legatees would willingly enter into some arrangement for it to become the property of one of us. Since the day when the foal deed was first discovered, the room in which that deed was done had not been entered, ex cept for the pnrpose of opening and closing the shatters. When I crossed the threshold, it was with a feeling akin to solemn awe, as if the spirit of my mnrdered uncle still hovered there. Scarcely anything had been moved ; the furniture had not even been dnsted ; the signs of the crime were still apparent on the carpet and the easy-chair. My late nncle had evidently been employed in writing on the night when he met his death, aB the pages he had written were on the table in front of where he had been sitting. The book he had been using as a reference or otherwise was a volume of Sbakspeare, open at tbe last scene in Samlet — a play be was never weary of studying. Near tbe bottom of the page appeared this passage — perhaps the last be ever read : ' If it be now, 'tis uot to come ; if it be not to come, it wiil be now ; if it be not now, yet it will come : the readiness iB all.' There was no more for me to do in this room, so I passed on to the others. When I came to the room containing my late ancle's clothes, and looked them over, I am not ashamed to say my sight soon became obscured by tears. Nearly the last garment which I had to examine was the coat he had worn on the last night of his life. I took it reverently from the peg on which it was hanging. I have elsewhere stated that it was thrown bade when be was discovered dead ; it therefore bore no marks of blood. I was abont to replace it in the wardrobe, when my fingers en countered something hard, apparently in the inside breast-pocket. I thrust my hand into the pocket, and drew forth the drop or pendant of an earring. I knew It well ; it was one of a pair I bad given Lanra on her birthday, two years before. How conld it have got there! I was holding it in my' hand, w6ndering,and gazing on it in a listless, musing manner, without connecting it in any way with the murder, when suddenly a wild thought flashed into my mind. Can Laura be the assassin t And does Ernest know itt CHAP. V. — EHSBST 8PBAES AT XASZ. I sank into -S chair, as it were stunned. The words,' CanT/iura be tbe assassin,' and .does- .Ernest know it!' "seemed ito keep' on repeating themselves in my brain with a sort of rhythmicai rega- larity like the ticking of fl clock. At lastj With a great effort;1 I rtMverrf- myself sufficaehtly to reason it bit- Yes ; there contd be no doabt of tbe tenth.'. The cause of Ernest's silence, before -co 1 mekile,'vwjw'miuie ciwrl-Wty! had I not thought of this before ! Such an idea had never entered into my imagination. The finding of the little piece of gold I held in my band — by it self a mere nothing — had supplied tbe clue to all that had been so unaccount able Lanra most have known of the intended alteration of the will, and to prevent that alteration, killed her nncle before he had time to carry out his in tention. The pendant must have become detached from the earring as she bent over uim ; ana nis coac Deing open, u fell into the pocket. Ernest either, saw the deed done, or came npon her before she conld escape from the room. To shield ber, be had allowed himself to be suspected and arrested ; to shield her, he would go to bis trial ; and, if convicted, to his death. No, no ; it ehonld not be 1 He should not suffer for her crime ! I wonld prevent it ! But how conld I prevent it ! What proof had I ! Abso lutely none ! The earring drop might have got into the pocket in many ways. It might have fallen from her ear at some other time, and remained there undis covered. My finding it there was only significant when coopled with Ernest's conduct ; and that conduct only pointed towards Laura's guilt, supposing him to be innocent. Perhaps, after all, I was wrong, and she was no more guilty than Ernest. Dar ing the four years she had been at the vicarage, she had gained the affection of all about her : my poor uncle bad loved her as dearly as he had loved Amy, and Bhe seemed to love him equally in return. For the present, I must conceal my dis- wv«f auu, Duuuuuig uiy Lociiugo, meet Lanra' as usual, until -I had seen Ernest again. Yes ; I must' see Ernest again at ouce. I would go to htm to- morrow, and, armed with my discovery, endeavour once more to gain the troth from him. During the remainder of the day, I kept apart from Laura so far as 1 could ; bnt of course I could not entirely avoid meeting ber ; and when in her company, it was wi'h the greatest difficulty that I could bring myself to treat her in my accustomed manner : indeed, I was not altogether -successful in my endeavours. Several times I relapsed into a fit of thought, and my eyes would involuntarily turn towards her face ; then I noticed that she was watchiog me intently. When we parted for the night, she lin gered behind my mother and Amy, and as soon as they were out of hearing, she said hastily, and in a low tone of voice : Harry, your looks and manner have covered anything fresh ! £ knew not bow to answer her withonl speaking falsely. Fortunately, she con tinued before £ had time to commit my self. ' I mean,' she went on, ' anything fresh against Ernest !' I culd now answer truthfully iu the negative, and she said no more. While she spoke, she looked straight into my face. It was far more difficult for me to meet ber eye than for her to meet mine; £ felt that I had much more the appearance of a guilty being than she. The next morning, £ stated my inten tion of again visiting Ernest. This censed no surprise, as it was -nearly a week since I had seen him, aod £ had as yet told him nothing of what £ had been doing in his interest. This time I took no special message from Laura. Both she and Amy sent their foudest love, and again expressed their ardent wish to see him. I found Ernest in no respect altered either in appearance or manner. He greeted me cordially, and inquired anxiously after Amy and Lanra. His face wore a sort of faint cynical smile when I related how Laura had received his message ; and he shook his bead decisively wheu £ told him how much ; both she and Amy desired to see him. Seeing this, £ forbore to press him ; in deed, £ no longer wondered at his refusal. I then went on to tell him how my time had been employed since I saw him last. He listened, it seemed to me, with little interest, as if be had antici pated the result of my efforts in his be half. When, however, I spoke of my examination of the room in which the murder had taken place, he rested his elbows on his knees, and, burying his face in his hands, appeared to be much moved. But he soon recovered himself, and said : ' Harry, yon have done won ders. Your securing Bob Coveney's ser vices was a master-stroke, though I fear his evidence will avail me little. Any how, f thank you both heartily for the trouble you have taken.' I thought that the tima had now come to tell him all I had discovered. ' Ernest,' I said suddenly, and without preparing him in any way, ' I know who did the deed.' The effect was electrical. He turned ghastly pale, and there was a look of absolute terror in his eyes as he fixed them on me. I thought he would have fainted, but he partially regained his composure, though apparently with much difficulty, and asked : ' Who did it!' 'Laura — and you know it !' He was evidently prepared for my answer, and' bnrst in a hollow and forced laugh. ' Ridiculous ! You have discovered a mare's nest. How did you manage it r ' It is no mare's nest, Ernest, and I must beg of you to treat the matter seriously. ' Well, well, I will, if I can ; but tell me how this absurd suspicion entered into your mind.' 'It is not a suspicion, but a firm conviction — almost a certainty. — Do you know this T and I showed him tbe earring drop. ' Yes ; I know it well enough. What of itf ' I found it in the breast pocket of the coat which our poor ancle wore that night' ' And what of that ! What does it prove !' 'Nothing by itself, I admit; "but viewed by the light' of your conduct — your -refusal to explain away the evi dence against you— -everything.' ' Nonsense!' Ernest exclaimed ; and then, after a 'short pause, he said : 'You -have not told any one of this, I trostf Not as yet ; hut I must do so.' '.Yon most not,' he cried vehemently. 'I mjisf,' I repeated with emphasis. ' I will not let you suffer for another's ' crime, if't can prevent it.1 ; You can't prevent itrat least, not , by aocuring Laura. What evidence have you against . her ! . You have! admitted that finding ttat/ wihid' piece of jewellery is nothing ; and what else can you bring forward which would be listened to for one minute in a court of justice! You know well enough that there isnDtbiug — positively nothing !' ' There is one thing that I can do — speak to Laura herself, aud endeavour to wring a confession from her.' 'If you- don't promise me not to attempt that,' he said passionately — 'if you don't promise to keep this suspicion ot yours entirely to yourself, I declare most solemnly that I will plead gnilty at my trial.' . I felt that I was beaten, now. I knew Ernest too well not to be sure of his carrying out his threat. ' Well, I will promise you, Ernest, on one condition — that you will tell me everything you know.' ' And if I refuse !' 'If you refuse, I risk everything, and use every means tbat I can think of to bring the crime home to Lanra ; for I am as firmly convinced of her guilt as if I had seen the deed done.' Ernest sat for a few minutes in silence, and then said : ' Harry, I trust to your promise, and will teil you all ' 'One moment, Ernest,' I interrupted. 'This promise of mine, so far as it relates to speaking to Laura herself, holds good only until after the trial. You must yourself fesl the impropriety, the impossibility, of allowing her to remain the companion of Amy. Although this speech of mine assumed Laura's guilt as a fact, Ernest now maae no attempt to contradict me. After musing for a few minutes, he said : ' I must leave this to your dis cretion, llarry. If it be possible in any way to separate them without telling her the reason, so mnch the better ; all that I demand of you is, that you will do nothing that will bring her within the reach of the law.' Having assented to this, Ernest went on. ' Hariy, now I have resolved to speak freely to you on the snbjeet, I feel that I must make my confession a complete one.' I must have expressed surprise in my face when he said ' confession,' for he continued : 'I don't use the word confession in relation to the fearful crime with which I am charged — thank God ! I am entirely gniltless of that — but in reference to the course of life I led, which indirectly caused the crime to be committed.' \- u it. ue painiui ror you to rerer to it, Ernest, there is no necessity for you doing so : I have heard the account from others.' ' There is a necessity. If the relation serve no other purpose, it will, I think, to some extent relieve my mind from the load which presses on it. What strange infatuation could have induced me to commence that course of life, I cannot tell ; but, once commenced, the downward progress was easy. Solitude was distasteful to me ; so, failing your society, I sought that of those about me. Some of them possessed means far beyond mine, and a false pride pre vented mc from allowing my inferiority in that respect to appear. "Thus I was led into expenses I could ill afford. Then I accompanied them to billiard- rooms, and soon began to take an inter est in the game. I seldom took a cue myBelf ; but I -was induced to bet — and soon to bet heavily. When we met at the rooms of my fellow-students, cards would be introduced. At first, I would play for small sums only; but the demon of gambling soon got possession of me, and the stakes were increased. How our uncle became acquainted with my course of life, I know not. Do you ?' I shook my head; and Ernest con tinued : ' Well, it matters little hois he became acquainted with it: he did, and the knowledge bronght him to London. Never shall I forget our interview.' Though he spoke with the utmost severity of the sins I had committed, he had not one harsh word for me. I had no hesitation in giving him the solemn promise he required — tbat I would at once renounce my bad associ ates, and never bet nor tonch cards again. He warned me plainly that if my faults were repeated, I should meet with very different treatment from him, for he wonld then know that I erred knowingly and wilfully, and should consider me no longer fit to have help from him, or to become Laura's hus band. He gave me money to pay everv debt I owed ; and I paid them all with the exception of the bill for twenty-five pounds held by Pollitt, and I reserved the cash to take that up when it became due. Would that, instead of doing so, I had paid it at once ! ' More than a month passed away, and during that time my word had been kept. I spent several evenings with seme of my folio w-stndents ; bnt if card playing took place, I was a lorker-on only. One night, a young man named Temple, from whom I had formerly won a few pounds, was a mem ber of our party. He now requested me to give him his revenge. 1 refused, and frankly stated my -reason for doing so; nor could all the jeers and laughter of my companions move me ; till at last Temple accused me of dishonourable conduct in winning his money and then denying him the chance of winning it back again. This taunt was more than I could bear, and I sat down to play. Had yon been present — had Felton or any one supported me — I believe I should have resisted even then; but there was no band held ont to save me. Well, I lost ; and to retrieve my losses, played on. I drank, too, in the vain endeavour to drown remorse; and when I rose from the table, I had little left of the twenty-five pounds. I passed the night in agony ; sleep refused to come to me. I had no means of meet ing the bill ; there was no alternative but to go to Bushford and throw my self on my ancle's mercy. This I did. ' As he listened to me, his face wore the sternest look I had ever seen there. I had broken my word ; he would not break bis. The bill should be taken up ; he would pay for my absolute necessaries until I had passed my .ex amination, and wonld let me have the means of starling in my profession — that was all.. Laura I must see no more; nor must I attempt .to corres pond with her ; and that portion of his will relating to me would be altered at once... . . : : 'The effects of the drink. I had taken on the previons evening; and the sleep less night I had spent, hafi scarcely left: ; me. My hasty temper was in no state to bear with his reproaches. I answered him in terms which will cause me poignant regret as long as I live, and left the house. ' Long before 1 reached London, the reaction came ; I must see him at once, and beg him to pardon the hasty words I hsd uttered, if he would pardon nothing else. Shame, however, would not permit me to seek him when there was a certainty of meeting Laura and Amy, both of whom had witnessed our parting. I determined, therefore, to go to him at night, wheo I knew he would be alone in the library. There was no suitable train to Bnshford station, so I went to Briarly. £ had no settled idea aB to my return ; I knew that there was no train back either from Briarly or Bushford, and I also know at what hour the mail left Camelton ; but, in the state my mind was in, it never once occurred to me that I should not have time to catch it'; in short, I gave no thought to the matter. I walked rapidly from Briarly to the vicarage; and passing quietly through the churchyard aud garden, gained the library window, which waB partly opened. £ was about to enter, when I saw the door open, aud Laura glide rather than walk into the room She wore the Indian dressing-gown we both know so well, and her long dark hair was hanging down her back. Softly she approached onr uncle, who, unconscious of her presence, wrote on. J ust as she reached the back of his chair, he placed his pen on the table, ullll JUvKUl! "fs pel vClVCU, Ilvl j I UCU j swift as lightning, £ saw her lean over his shoulder — her arm was raised — there was a gleam of steel in the lamp light, and As though the blow had fallen on myself, £ staggered back, supporting myself against the window frame, paralysed in every limb, in every sense. I could not have re mained so many seconds ; bat wben I recovered the power of thought and volition, Lanra was gone and the door closed. I rushed to our dear ancle's side, and what a sight met my view ! My surgical knowledge told me at once that all human aid was useless, and that he had bat a few minutes to live. I threw myself on my knees before him, and seizing his hand, passionately entreated him to pardon me. 1 saw tbat he understood me ; but the power of speech was gone : T begged of him to press my hand in token of his for- TIim. n... . .I.'.lif ............... gircupoa, a ui o woo a oiiguu pi cooui o — I trust in heaven it was a voluntary one — and — all was over. And now, what was to be done ? My poor nncle was past all help ; I could not alarm the house and accuse Laura. No, no ! guilty as she was, she must be saved at all cost! 1 1 quitted the room, closing the window after me, and rushed on across the fields to Camelton. I never paused to think that I could not reach tbe station in time ; I never thought of the blood on my coat ; the only idea I had was that I must get back to London. Had I missed the train, I should have walked the whole distance.; but the mail stopped at the platform almost at the same time that I reached it. It was not until afterwards that I knew it must have been at least half an hour late. I found an empty compartment; and so got back to my lodgings. Ut terly worn out in mind and body, I succeeded in obtaining a few hours' sleep — such sleep as it was. Early the next morning I went ont. I feared to remain at home, for I knew tbat I shoald be summoned to the vicarage, and I dared not go there to meet Laura — at least till I heard the result of the investigation that must take place. The same reason kept me from the hos pital, so I walked about daring the whole day. Of where I went, I have no recollection ; 1 only know that I walked — walked mechanically. I bought an evening paper ; it gave an account of the discovery of the body, but said nothing about any one being suspected of the perpetration of the crime. At first, it was my intention not to return to my lodgings till 1 had learned more; but afterwards, £ thought I had better go back. A telegraphic message from Bushford was there, as I had expected : it had come soon after 1 went out in the morning. Should £ go. No ; I could not meet Laura. Yet, wbat excuse could I offer for not going! All choice was shortly taken from me by the arrival of the police and my arrest. I had not expected this, and yet I was not surprised, nor did I regret it. I felt it as a relief from my embarrassment, if only a temporary one ; I could not refuse to see Laura, without casting suspicion on her. — Now, Harry, that you know all, can you blame me for keeping Bilent 1 I could not explain away the evidence against me without telliug the whole truth, and telling the truth would be accusing Laura.' 'No, Ernest; I cannot blame yon for keeping silent hitherto ; but I do blame you for forcing me to keep silent. The doer of such a foul deed as that should not be permitted to escape from just punishment.' ' If you were in my place, and it were Amy who uau none is, wouiu you not suffer ber to escape !' ' It is utterly impossible for me to imagine Amy doing snch a deed.' 'So I shoald have said of Laura, had not my own eyes beheld her do it. ' You surely do not love her still !' ' Love her !' he answered. ' I conld not bear to speak to her or touch her ; I shoald loathe the very sight of her. And yet, if I conld give my life ten times over to save hers, I would do it. Now, tell me, Harry, do I love her still! for I cannot teil myself.' ' Yonr question is one that is beyond my power to answer, Ernest ; but this I know, she can love you but little to allow you to suffer for and bear the odium of her crime.' ' £ have thought of that ; but after all, she is only a weak woman ; and perhaps she is waiting the result of the trial.' 'And if, after the trial, supposing you to be convicted, she should confess, you will surely, not sacrifice yourself by declaring tier statement false!' . ' We. will speak of that when the time comes, should it ever come.' ' And till then, must -she , remain with Amy !' ' It can't be helped. £ like it little as you do, but I see so alternative. Afterwards — however it may go with me — at any cost she mast be separated from as all lor ever.1 I saw plaiuly that I should gain no further concession from him, so pie- pared to leave him. Aa we parted, he wrong my hand and said : ' Harry, I shall be calmer and more resigned, now I have confided in you. I longed to do so before, but I was afraid. In the old days, my heart was always open to you, and it shall be now — till the end.' (To be continued in our next ) 