No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. ByR. P. WHIT WORTH. Tho story I am about to relate to a strange one. Ts it true? I do not know. Jutted from the Btand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and ia to me, I cannot but believe it to bo positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which cannot be explained, and which will not bo explained away. We live our visible life, as It were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulf?, that behind us being tho irrevocable past, and that before, tho in serutablo future. "What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, soieneo tells us nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my Btory tell what I think, and oannot but believe, ® Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, 'ust come from England to seek my fortune n this fair land of Australia, I had mado up my mind to beoome what was the summit of 00 many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same age as my self, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that wo wera both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to bo imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, wo were deeply attached to eaeh other, a oaee of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan, Wo had como out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stiok together through good and ill. Wo had heard and read in England of tho free wild lifo of the cattle kings, of tho houndleas'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Gross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we loo, some day, should become, as they were, lords of the soil. But to become cquatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We wore fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and acting on the advieo of a gentleman who hod known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a businece of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience, Sheep wo would have nothing to do with. The life on a sharp run did not suit our ideas. It was too tamo a kind of thing for us. It lacked the epico of romance attendant upon cattle breeding, There none of the headlong gsllopping through tho crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the oamping out be neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the blue shirts, tho breeches and boots, and the other glonea that render the life of a stookman so desirablo-on paper, Therefore, on a onttlo station would we go, Thero was no great difficulty in tho matter, Thero wero plenty of squatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and " break us in "-for a consideration, o! course. One of these offers vo accepted, It was on the station of a gentleman named Maogregor, a canny old Scotchman, which was situated on the upper part of the Goulburn river in Vic. toria, and which embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, oarrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle, We went to work in right down earnest to learn tho business, and P-may fairly say that we succeeded admirably, We were both toler ably good horsomea to begin with, and as old Maogregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, wo, ere long, wero turned out really good bUBhmen. So muoh so that after wo had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to us that we should take the sole charge of the station during a visit whioh he proposed to take to the old oountry. Nothing oould have suited us better, Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and era another month, he had departed on hia home trip, and we were installed in the large oorafortablo house of our employer, praoti onlly " bossea" of tho situation, and certainly, raontvrchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Oarfrae's, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Our bouse, as wo considered it, was a wooden Btructuro, of many rooms, having* a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on the orown of a a welling down that formed the homo paddook, and that sloped away past a email crook that formed one of tho oflluenta of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north, Through this range, and oxaotly opposite tho house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as" Maogvegor'B Gap," and be ing tho solo nieanB of communication that .existed between our peaceful valley and the. feverish world whoso hoart throbbed so fleroely outside, Most of the house was closed, for thero were far more rooms than two bacholor'a could possibly use. Weeaohhad a bedroom, entered from tho front verandah, and our oommon sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our office, smoking-room, library, and music.roora, fur Mr. Maogrego? had a good soleotion of books, and a splen* did pianoforte and harp for the use of hia two daughters, who had aooompanied him home, Our household consisted solely o! our two solves, Alec. Payne, the head stookman, who slept over the stables, an ugly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the bouse, and who claimed to be distantly akin to thq "Maistov," and tyrannised over «8 accordingly, and a singularly handsome oolley slut named Fly, who located in spots, indifferently in mine or .Tim's bedroom, at her own sweot will and sovereign pleasure. Tho station hands had their huts at oon» siderable distances, and wo rarely saw any of them, exoept when they came to the house for rations, or on other business, Halcyon days, indeed, wero those we passed In the soft, sweet Australian spring, Fishing in the Goulburn, shooting in the hills, konga> rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to beep ua from rusting, who oould have been hapnier than JaokAlleyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. Tho blaoks took to spearing our oattle. Why they did it we oould not tell, for we had always troatod tho taw who had shown up on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they oame from we oould not conjee, ture, for there were praolically none belong, ing to our immediate neighbourhood. None, in fact, of any account, nearer than the Warrigol tribes of Gippeland. . They werelferooioua and mischievous onowgh Ha0«w' we could not imagine that they would leave their native haunts bo far awtiy the southward, and cross the all but inac oessible fastnesses of the main range to do us an injury, Wo could not account for their presence, we ^ could find no reason for their acts, unless, indeed, they were some wander. vu kecn kadly ufed by the white man somewhere, and were revenging alike *3 indi'HQrimiri!lteIy on friend and foe But there was the unmistakable fact. Wo were first made aware of it by Aleo, our head Stockman, riding up to the house in hot haste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, 80 be informed us, been out to one of the oattleoamps, and returning by the foot of the hill had eaino across blood marks on the grass, Following thera up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our.choicest breed, The blacks had carried off Borne of the flesh, and had left the rest to the hawks. Was ho sure it waa the blacks who had done it ? Quite euro, There w«3 no mistake about that, for ha had Been the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house as fast aa he oonld, to Bee what was to be done, What was to be done ? Ah ! that was a poser. Find the marauding eaoundrels, Juafc eo, But whore to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, "gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experienee with blacks, that is to say with mischievous one#, and we were com* pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency, Jim and I, oalling Alee, to our counsels, sat up late that night discussing the matter, al though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a striot look out for tho thieves in future, We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble, Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, aa wo might, we never could come acroes them. Had we had native trackers wo might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blaoka have a wonderful instinct, and a natural love for this bloodhound kind of work--it in strange, indeed, how tho partially oivilised aboriginal, takes a cruel delight in tracking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, oven those of his own tribe, but so it is-but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the busheraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves arid eluding pursuit, But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that vve did not get reports of fresh outrages, Not content with slaughtering an oooasional beast ior food> they had, as ia their wont, taken to spearing our cattle Indiscriminately, unci for sheer love of bloodshed, Who could tell ho w soon they, treacherous and vindictive as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events wo went continually armed,.we and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of thorn, could we have found them, whioh fts I have said, wo could not, Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were, They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to ooagratulnta ourselves in having got rid of our troublesome visitors, when almost simul taneously v/o hoard of no fewer than three floe young head of aattle beiag found slaughtered ia widely different parts of the run. Wo were at our wit's end, but clearly something must bo dono, and at onoe. This kind of thing could not ba permitted to go on, But how to prevent it I Why tho wretohes had elected to oommit their depredations on our run, or whether they hud extended them to other parts of tho district wo did not know, Again we held a council of war, and again wo felt ourselves powerless to cope with the evil. Wo felt certain that tha blacks were about in force, hut whether they were camped in the denso bush that bordered our run, or whether, aa was most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to tho north ward of us, we wore unable to say, It is as certain however that they were not located on tha run, as, had they been, we should have been sura to have fallen in with tha marks of their fires, if not with tho ruin3 of their wurloya of branches of bark, Wo sat late in tho night without having arrived at any Bottled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to ride over to Oarfrao'a tho following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had bost bo done, Perhaps that was tha beat thing after all, for Mr, Oarfrao had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be supposed to ba better acquainted with tha habits of tho Bavage tribes, and the beat method of dealing with them than wo. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil whioh would not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at tho same time as it would not be laughed away, After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts to induce him v not to venture, Ilia argument was unanswer able " Oar plain duty is olear," he said, " we have already lost something like -a score of our prime cattle, we have been totally unable to put Btop to the misohief, and unless we take some deolded step there is no telling what tho result will be," I could not contradict this, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep aa muoh aa possible in open country, " Never fear," he replied cheerfully,u I am wen armed, and the black sooundrele have too wholesome a torror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within cooey Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten bis girths, vault into the saddle, and cantor gaily over the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of tho gap. I watohed him until he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something like a eigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home, t 6 In vain, tha inspiration would not come, I blundered and bungled through my corres pondenoe for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellers on the Threshold" of whioh we read, I had no dis* tinet comprehension, but whioh was, none the less, there, It waa a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumber. My dreams, if dreams they could be onlled^&L; as my waking thoughts had been,'«witfi!® form and void,' yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill, I know not how long I slept, but all at onoe I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, half wail of a dog, eo weird, eo in expressibly sad, that it seeniefl to turn xoy very blood to ice, I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door, Aa I stepped out upon tha verandah, Fly, onr oollie dog came whining and crouching to my feet, and erouohed tremblingly behind me. as if in mortal terror, ' At the same moment my eyes were blasted S5 a"nw Gorgon, Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, ana gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of ,3im Welsh, whom' I had seen start for Oarfrao'a some hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood' welling from a deep gash Jn liia breast I Btood as. il turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to speak, powerless, almost, to think, Was I still dreaming ? No. There he wa8, plainly palpable before rao, I felt my eyqs dHtvto. I felt ray hair stiffen on my head. I felt ray heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I CQUkl do was to gaze entranced and Bpelbbound in silent, naraelefis honor. My breath camo fast and thick, and a3 it oarao nearer ond still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather, than spoke," JimV' The form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smile spread oyer the anguished oountenanoo, and then it slowly melted into air. Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although itwna surely enough to have driven mo so. I waa as sane aa I am now. What it was, or whether it waa, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw It. I tell you I saw it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaotion. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. 1 did know it. I ran round to the stablo, hastily saddled a horse, onatchod up my revolver, mounted, and hatleasj, coatlrtsa, aa X was, gallopped down the home paddock. Where waa I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for that r foul deed had been done I knew only too well, I headed for the rooky bluffs that formed the (hp, and bathed in perspiration, end with tha hot Are of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think '6J danger, of death perhaps, to myself ? No, Itevenga l Revenge I Soon I reached the Gap. All a till, all silent, Tho grim walla hemmed ma in on either hand, but told me nothing, Deeper and deeper into the gloomy dcfl'.a I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. No!; a aight, not a sound savo the clatter'and ring of my horse's iron Bhod hoofs over tho rough boulders, I dismounted, &)id slowly led my horse over the rugged track for it waa un safe to ride. More diainal, more wildly soli, tary grew tho scene, a quarter of a mite, half a mile, a mile, and then At last. There he lay. Yea, there ho lay, AU there waa left of him. Of ray friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead 1 Dead! Alas I Alas 1 D*ad 1 Dead I Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as ho was riding, or probably leading hia horse, through tho defile. A epeas thruat which entering hio back, had coma out at his broaot, and had cleit hia heart in twain. Thevo, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on hie pallid lipa, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, p,g if iu mookery of ray unutterable woo. Do I feel ahanio in saying that tho tears foil hot and faat from my eyes upon that cold face, that my kisses wero impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mioa save in the warm grip of friendship? Hot I, A man sheds tears but seldom, but when ho does, they are, aa it wero, teara of blood, How long J. stood looking wistfully into tho : faoo of my doad friend I know not, I felt , my heart throb nlinoat to breaking. I felt ray brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven nonfc relief to my over, oh&rgud;'feelings. Tho grim defile, tho bush beyond, It at ray feet, eeeraed to swim round1 me, All earthly things wero blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. . . 6 , . . But tha awakening, oh 1 tho avrakcri-ig. , But the awakening, oh I tho awakening, I found myself lyiog on a couch in tho front room of our house, I awoke as it might be after a heavy sleep and I knew not whero I was, For a time I lay only partially con scious, yet still entirely consoious of seeing forms I know around mo. Akc. Payne, Dootor llae from the township, and a female with a faoe strango to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled* threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of Inextrioabla con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell back on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as load. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak ray thought, 00 weak and gasping was tha voice. "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God," ejaculated tho Doctor, " the worst is over, Mind and memory are rofcarn. ing." '" For a time I lay etill, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all oame back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, tho gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, been found lying across tha corpso of Jim in the gap, found by Aleo, Payne, who hadfrom a distanca seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something waa wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very' ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violonfc brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank God, tho danger was past. As for the appari. Inn I had seon, Dr, Bae discoursed learnedly on psychology and iuudred- matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtlees--that at tha time I saw it, or waa supposed to havo seen it, I was under the influence ofinoipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on the ravages made on our stock by the blacks, He persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out come of a heat oppressed brain, all tho rest 0! it, by whioh scientists try to explain tho un explainable. Perhaps he was right, I do not know, common fienso would tell mo that ho waa right, and that it was only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no doubt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but for all that, 1 cay, as Shake speare sayo " There are mora things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh,? my cousin, and my heart's friend, aa I have said before-I saw it, The decipherers of the papyri whioh have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of whioh seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 yeara. The document is a papyrus, a iittle over 4ft, long by lit, wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preservedi Tha date is not given, butTrofeasora Kara bacok and Wesseley believe it belongs to tb<? early part of the sixth century. The bride' groom was named Theon, the bride Maria. She bad a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for .. an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial oertificato. AU tho parties arede eoribed as belonging to the town of Justinn opolis. Tha editors declare that they can find no mention of this place among any lists ox the towns, eto., of Lower Egypt, Forty varieties ofrioo ore grown in Bur. mah, tha latest additions to tho territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to black. Barraab also produces many other binds of cdiblo graiuSi 000 of which 13 known as Job's Tear*. According to Dr. Thomas Mooro this gianfl derives its naraa from the large, round, Bhining frnit it bears, in whioh can be traced some resemblance to tears. It ocouvs in Japan as well as tha Asiatio continent. 