[?] The World Went Very Well Then. By WALTER BESANT. Author of ' All Sorts and Conditions of? Men,' ' Dorothy Foster,' ' The Revolt of Man,' ' Children of Gibeon,' &c.; Chapter XXXIX.— HOW BAD NEWS CAME HOME. Nothing at all was heard of tho Calypso for three or four months. It was not even known whither she lnd r,;iil-»l, except that she was with fcir Edward HawkcV fleet : bui it was known that M. Thurot had got out of Dunquerquc with five frigates, on hoard of which were a large number of troops, with intent to make a descent upon Ireland, and we conjectured that perhaps the Calypso might have been ordered to join the squadron in chase of that gallant Frenchman. But that proved not to be the case. It was in January — namely, on the evening of the loth of January in the year 1760 — that the news arrived which fillel the hearts of all with shame and confusion. 'Twas a wild and tempestuous night, fitting the nature of the intelligence which then arrived. The wind blew up (he river in great gusts, and the rain drove slanting into the faces of those who were out. I remembered afterwards that I had met Philadelphy in the morning. The old woman was always full of omens and prognostications. Sometimes she had seen a ghost iu the night— surely there was never a greater ghost-seer than this old negress, and sometimes she had been warned by one of the many signst which terrify the superstitious. 'Hi! Massa Luke,' she said in her negro way, which it is unnecessary to imitate, '' there's bad news coming, for sure. Last night the cock crowed twice at midnight, and an owl screeched round the chimney ; there was a dog barking all night long, and I saw a ehost. There's bad news coming.' I asked her what the ghost was like, but she refused to tell mo. Well, it is true that on many other occasions she foretold disaster (because to this kind of witch there are never any signs of good luck), and her prophecies proved naught. But on this day, alas, she proved a true prophetess of evil. At the Sir John FalstafF some of the company, including Mr. Brinies, who was never late, had already arrived, and were hanging up their hats, (he candles being Hr, a great coal fire burning, pipes laicl on thn tublc, and the chairs set, ' ' There hath arrived bad news,' Baid Captain Petherick, the Commissioner of the Yard. ' I heard talk of it at the Navy House this morning. It is said that we have lost a frigate. They say also that we have lost her cowardly— a thing which one is not ready to believe. But I have not heard the particulars, and I know not the name of the craft. 'Tis pity, but 'tis true, that there should be found in every war cowardly commanders, in British as well as in French bottoms. Those of us who have memories can remember the last war, gentlemen. Well, we must quickly build or capture another ship, and find a better captain. We will give the command to Jack Easterbrook.' So saying, he sat down and began to fill his pipe leisurely. Just as he had finished these words, and before Mr. Brinjes had time to do more than to open his mouth, there came running into the room the landlord, having in is hand the London Font of the evening, brought down he river from town by eome boatman. His face was pale, and his eyes full of terror. ' Oh ! gentlemen,' he cried, ' gentlemen ! Here is such news ! I cannot trust my eyes. For God's sake, read the newspaper. But who shall tell the Admiral 'i' ' Is it news from the Fleet?' asked Captain Petherick. ' It is, your honour.' The man looked as if he was afraid to tell-his news. ' Oh, gentlemen,' he repeated, ' who shall tell the Admiral?' ' Is it bad news?' asked Mr. Brinjes. '?It is the worst news possible. Gentlemen — it is — it is — ' he looked about him to see if the Admiral was, per haps, present, hitherto unseen. ' It is news of —of — of Captain Ensterforook, gentlemen. Of no other, indeed.' ' What !' oriod the apothecary ; ' bad news ? The worst news'r Then is our boy dead.'' Ho sat down iu a chair, j idiU looked from face (o face. ' Jack is dead.' ' It is the worst news possible,' repeated the landlord. 'Jack is dead,' said all together, looking at one another in dismay. 'Jack is dead,' repeated Mr. Brinjes. 'There hath been an action, and Jack hath fallen. Poor Bess ! Yet now he will never marry the other.' The company knew not what he meant. ' Well ; every man must take his chance. I looked for other things, but Jack is dead! Some die young, and some die old. To those who die old it seems as if their years have been but a dream. What matters, therefore, when a man dies ': Wherefore, devil take all black negro witches with their lying prophecies.' Again the company asked themselves what Mr. Brinjes might mean. The landlord shook his head. ' No, sir. No, gentlemen. Oh, you will not under stand. Read the Post. Captain Easterbrook hath lost his ship.' ' If,' said Mr. Brinjes, ' he lost his ship, of course he first lost his life or else his limbs. He would not be taken below while there was yet life enough left to fight his ship.' 'Gentlemen,' cried the landlord again, 'your honours will not listen. It is in the London Post.' He held out his newspaper, but no one offered to take it. Everyone knew now that something had happened worse than death. Then they heard the Admiral's step as he entered the house and stumped along the passage with his escort of negroes. 'Gentlemen,' Raid the landlord again, ' who shall tell him r' Again he held out the paper. They looked at each other and held back. No ono offered to take the paper : tiiey were afraid. It is one kind of courage to walk up to a cannon's mouth, , and another to become a meKenger of bad tidings. Then the Admiral came in, followed by his two negroes He saluted the company cheerfully, and gav« hk hat and cloak to his servants. This done, he took his seat in his usual place. But the other gentlemen standing about the fire did no*, as was customarv, follow his example They hesitated, looked first at the Admiral and theu at the landlord. ' Gentlemen, be seated,' said the Admiral. 'Sir,' it was Mr. Brinjes who spoke, 'it appears that bad news hath arrived.' ' What news r' ' It is news of Captain Easterbrook.' ' Is the boy— is the boy dead r' asked the Admiral. , {Continued on page 188.) Then the Admiral came in and gave his hat and cloak to the servants. — Chapter XXXIX. THE WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN. ' Sir, we cannot but suppose so, for he hath lost his ship; but, as yet, we have not seen the Pott.' ' No, no,' the landlord again interposed, holding out Ihe Post, which no one would take. 'Gentlemen, stand by me, I beseoch you. Sir, the captain is not dead.' ' Then, poor lad,' said the Admiral, ' be is grievously wounded, and like to die. Our boy. gentlemen, is griev ously wounded, and like to ? ' here his voice failed him*. l- No, fiir, he is not wounded.' ' Then he is shipwrcked and drowned. 'Why is the man. staring like a stuck pig:' Alas ! gentlemen, our boy is drowned.' But the Admiral looked uncertain, because the company, now understanding that somcih'ng out of Ihu common had happened, looked Jit each other and at Ihe landlord, and spoke not. ' Sirs,' the landlord again offered the newspaper to one after the other, but no one took it, 'the news is here printed. Otherwise, God forbid that 1 should dare to say such a tiling. Your honour, it is here stated that the captain struck his colours in the very beginning of the action.' ' Struck his colours !' The Admiral caught the arms of his chair, and raised hiuiselt as quickly as a one-legged man may. ? ' Struck his colours 5 Jack struck his colours! Yo lie, ye drunken swab, ye lie ! ' With that he delivered him so shrewd a blow with his gold-headed stick that, had not the landlord dodged, he would have been enabled instantly to carry the news into the next world. 'Ye lie, I say ! ' Here his voice failed him, and his face became purple, and he reded and would have fallen, but Mr. fibelvocke and Captain Pefherick caught him and sat him in a chair, where he gasped and panted, and looked as if he was about to have a lit of some kind. As for the landlord, he stood in a corner, pale and trembling. 'Give me the papers,' said Mr. Brinjes, when the Admiral had somewhat mastered his pasm on. 'Lotus at least read what is here stated.' He read it silently. ' Gentlemen,' ? he said, 'this is a strange business. I understand it not. Here is more than meets the eye. It is a hard thing to understand. I will read it aloud. Courage, Admiral, the story is impossible as it stands.' ''Despatches have been received from Sir Edward Hawke. He reports an aft'air which, unless later intelli gence contradict it, is more discreditable tqjjritjsh honour than anything which has been done since the cowardly flight of Benbow's captains. The frigate Calypso, Captain John Easterbrook, with her consort, the Resolute, Captain iSamuel Boys, fell in at daybreak with a squadron of the enemy, consisting of three frigates, one of them being the M alicieusc. The names of the other two are not given. The Frenchmen bore away on discovery of the Union Jack, and the British ships gave chase. After some hours the Calypso came up with the Malicicusc, the hindmost of the three, the Resolute being then a quarter of a mile or so astern, though crowding all sail. It is reported by Captain Bovs, ho being then on his quarter-deck and glass in hand, that the engagement was commenced by the Malicieuse firing a shot from her sternehafier which struck the Calypso ; that then he saw Captain Easterbrook strike his colours with his own hand; that his officers ran about him, and he cut one down ; that the Frenchmen immediately lowered a boat and boarded the prize, driving the crew below ; and that the otJier two French frigates backed their sails, whereupon he withdrew from the chase, thinking it useless to engage three vessels at once ; that he was not pursued; and that he knows no reason at all why the ship was surrendered with out firing a 6hot. 'Tis thought that the Calypso hath been conveyed to Brest. This account is the more extraordinary by reason of the character for gallantry possessed by Cap tain Easterbrook, who was one of Captain JLockhart's lieutenants on board the fighting Tartar.' ' This is a very strange story,' eaid Captain Pefcherick. ' By your leave, Mr. Brinjes, I will not believe it.' ' Thank ye, old friends,' said the Admiral, hoarsely. 'My boy surrender? Never, sir, never. Damme, Mr. Apothecary, wilt thon try to persuade us that such a thing is possible ?' 'Nay, Admiral, nay; I do but read what is printed. Lord forbid that I should doubt the boy. What is this? Ay, they have begun already their pestilent verses. 'Twill be' just as it was with Admiral Byng, when the journals were full of squibs. Listen now. Oh ! they care nothing about truth so long as they can turn a verse and raise a laugh. Listen.' ' The following lines have been picked up at the Rain bow. 'Tis thought they come from the Temple : The Frenchman crowds all soil in fright : The Briton crowds all sail to light : The brave Calypso's gallant tyke Claps on all sail in haste to strike. And these have been recited at Dick's — The Captain brave hie ship would save, And so tuts great commander Cries, ' Ileroes, I will scorn to fly, While I can still surrender. Stay, Frenchman, stay : your shot may play Too rough among1 my hearties ; I fear no foe : but, yet, I know, To strike the better part is.' ' Oh ! 'tis a lie — 'tis a He,' the Admiral groaned. ' Gentlemen — my boy, Jack ! Gentlemen, I say. . . .' ' We cannot believe it, Admiral,' eaid Captain Pethe rick. ' Yet it is in the despatches.' ' There is something that we are not told,' said Mr. Brinjes. ' But, without doubt, the Calypso is taken prisoner, and someone on board struck the colours.' The Admiral stared about him with amazement and con fusion is his eyes. Then he rose slowly. ' I shall go home, gentlemen. I wish you good- night. Someone shall swing for this lie. . . . Someone shall swing.' He , moved towards the door, forgetting his hat and cloak, which one of the gentlemen reached for him. ' Someone, I say, shall swing for thiB— this diabolical lie about my boy Jack. We shall see— damme, I say, we shall see ! What, sirrah, the lantern not lit?' Indeed, it was not the duty of the negro to keep the candle burning through the even ing; but the Admiral belaboured him so lustily that the fellow roared, and the company trembled lest he 'should be killed. But a negro's head is bard. Then the Admiral walked away. This was his last night with the Club; he came no more to the Sir John Falstaff. The gentlemen, without his presence, sat awhile speech less. But the landlord brought in the punch, and they presently filled and lit their pipes, and began to whisper. ' Do you think, sir,' asked Mr. Brasil of the Apothecary, ' do you think that the story may be in any noint of it true?' ' Why,', said Mr. Brinjes, ' as for truth, I suppose that is never got at, and this nut is hard to crack. How such a man as Jack Easterbrook could haul down his flag before the action began passes understanding1. But then how men like Captain Boys and his officers should be deceived, when only a quarter of a mile distant or thereabouts, one cannot understand either. And that the ship is taken one cannot doubt.' ' If he comes home he will be tried by court- marshal, and for cowardice,' said Mr. Shelvocke. ' That is most certain,' said Captain Pefherick; 'and if he surrendered cowardly, he will be shot. Gentlemen, this is an event which affects our own honour. For though the boy is no blood relation of any here, he hath been our pupil, 'bo to speak. We have taught him. He is our son, in whom we hoped, and in whom we believed. It is not the Admiral alone who is struck. It is this company of honourable gentlemen who would have maintained to their dying day that Jack Easterbrook could never turn out a coward. Why, a more gallant lad never trod the deck, as witness Captain Locldiart, of the Tartar, where he served. I say, gentlemen, this affects us all. We are brought to shame bv this untoward and unexpected event.' ' Perhaps,' said one of the company, ' die Captain, was shot at the outset, and it was the First Lieutenant who hauled down the flag.' But that seemed impossible, because no one could fail to discern Captain Easterbrook at so short a distance, if only on account of his great stature. Besides, Captain Samuel Boys was known for a sober and honest man, who would certainly not invent so grievous a charge against a brother officer. ' Perhaps,' said another, ' the ship was foundering.' Then they read the statement again, trying to extract from it, if possible, some gleam of hope or doubt. But they found none. « Gentlemen,' said the Apothecary, ' I hope I shall not 4-e thought to be a man over ?ready to believe this monstrous thing if I submit that it may be true, and that the act was made possible by one of those sudden madnesses which the people believe to be the possession of the devil. We read of poor women, in such tits, murdering their own tender children: and of husbands boating to death their wives, without a cause ; and of learned scholars who have gone forth from their books to bang themselves ^without any reason for despair. No man is at all times master of his own actions; and doubtless there are in the brain, as in the body, weak places, so that just as one nwn fallcth into sin asthma, or a rheumatism, or the gout, by reason of bodily imperfections, so nisiy a nuiu by mental disorder commit acts of fake judgment, foolish conclusions, and mad acts for which there is no accounting. Nor can wo anticipate or prevent such attacks. I once knew as brave a fellow as ever (stepped, to snivel and cry for an hour together : and why? Only because be was sentenced to be hanged. Yet he 'walked manfully to the gallows in the end. And another, who fell on his knees and wept aloud, because he was to have a tooth out, which he dreaded move than he did the three dozen he had received a month before.' ' Then, you think, sir,' said Captain PeUmrick, ' that the boy may have been nmd ?' ' I know not what to think. I tell ihe company what I have seen. Some acts, I declare, are not consistent with what we know of -the man's previous, life. What should we think did the Reverend Vicar of St. Paul's suddenly fall to singing a roaring tavern song of Poll and Nan? Yet that would be no whit the worse than for Jack 1o become suddenly coward. There are some who say that men are thus aiilictcd by Divine Visitation. That may be. A congestion of the liver and the mounting of vapours to the head may likewise produce such effects. Yet we do not call a liver disease a Divine Visitation. I remember once, being then on the coast of Yucatan, a very singular thing. Landlord, the bowl is out. I say, gentlemen, that I once witnessed a very singular thing. There was a young fellow with us of five or six and twenty ; a dare devil dog who had faced death so often that he feared him no longer, and was looked to to lead the way. The enemy showed fight, and we came to close quarters, when the word was given to board. What happened ? He leaped upon the enemy's deck with the greatest resolution, and then, to our surprise, he turned tail and fled like a cur, dropping his arms and crying out for fear. We tried that man, gentlemen, when we landed, and we shot him for cowardice, just as Jack Easterbrook will be tried and shol, if he be fool enough to come home. 'Twas a pity, too, for after he was dead we found out the reason of this strange behaviour. He was bewitched by as old woman to revenge her granddaughter, his sweetheart, who was mad with him on account of his many infidelities. The girl catno out and laughed in his face while he was led forth to execution. Afterwards, she confessed the crime to some of the girls ; and when they began to talk of it, she took to the woods, where, no doubt, she presently perished. The old woman we punished. The night before she was executed, I went privily to her and offered her poison, if she would give me her secrets, and especially the secret by which she knew how to prolong life as much as she pleased. But she refused, being an obstinate old woman ; and next day the men gave her a bad time, being mad with her Gentlemen, we are not on. the Spanish Main ; and there is no witch among us, except Philadelphy, the Admiral's negro woman, who would not, if she could, put Obi on Jack. Yet if this story be true, then I doubt not that our boy was clean off his head, and no longer master of himself, when he struck his nag.' Chapter XL.— HOW THE NEWS WAS RECEIVED. The next despatches brought confirmation of the news. There could now be no doubt at all that the Calypso had been surrendered by the Captain, and that without striking a blow. The consternation and shame which fell upon us cannot be described ; nay, not upon us only, but upon the whole town of Deptford, to whom Jack was nothing short of a hero. ' There is nothing,' said my father, in the next Sunday's sermon, *' there is nothing, my brethren, upon this earth which is stable. Our riches make themselves wings and fly away ; disease falls upon the stoutest and strongest of us*; old age palsies our limbs ; death snatches away the youngest and brightest. Even in the very spring and heyday of life, when, promise is strongest and hope most assured, the qualities of which we arc so proud may fail us suddenly, and without warning— so that the brave man may lose his courage, lho loyal man. become a traitor, and the strongman fall into the weakness of a girl. Remember this, my brethren, and in the day of your strength he humble.' Those who listened applied the^words to tho disgraced Captain, and hung their heads. But the Admiral and his household were not in church. They sat at home, the flag half-mast high. Madam and Castilla, by the Admiral's orders, in black, as if in mourn ing for one who is lately dead. *' He is dead, Luke,' said the brave old man. ' ' My gallant boy, the son of vay old friend, iny son-in-law who was to be, is truly dead. How he died, and where, I know not. But he is dead, and his body is occupied by an evil spirit. What ? Shall we be ashamed because this cowardly Devil hath struck the colours ? 'Tis not our boy. He is dead. Castilla weeps for him ; but, as for me, 1 always looked that he might die early, as so many others do — being killed in action, of cast away. As yet we know not how he died, or how the Devil was permitted to walk about in his body. Perhaps we shall never learn.' But here he broke off, and choked. ' What an ending ! \\\ hat on ending is here ! — truly, what an ending ! Why, if one had foreseen it, 'twould have been a Christian act to put a knife into the boy's heart when he came here 16 years ago ; and a joyful thong, had one only known beforehand what would happen, to be hanged for it afterwards.' I said that I hoped he would be able to write us some words of consolation. ' Consolation P Why, the Captain struck his flag with out firing a shot! Consolation? There are some things, my lad, which can never be forgiven or forgotten. Cowardiy to surrender is the chief of these. Cowardly! Oh ! that it should seem possible to use that word of our boy!' Then I said that it would be best for him to stay abroad, and never to return to England. 'Ay,' said the Admiral, 'unless he should resolve to come back and be shot. The women say he is bewitched. But who should bewitch him ? No ; our boy is dead, and some evil spirit is in his body.' This was the only consolation that the poor old Admiral permitted himself . Yet it did not console. He stayed at home, being so covered with shame that he durst not venture forth, lest the boys should point at him. He told me so; and it went to my heart thus to see this brave old man wounded and bleeding, yet to know no single word of consolation. ' Luke,' said Castilla, ' do not, if you please, mention his name to me. We must resign ourselves to the Heavenly Will. No doubt, this affliction hath been designed for some wise end.' This must always be the Christian's view ; yet, in my ignorance, I have sometimes questioned the course of events which thus afflicted and presently destroyed a brave man in his old age, undeserving of this disgrace. I know not who first started the rumour — perhaps it was Mr. Brinjes himself — but it was presently spread over all the town that the Captain was bewitched. And so great was the popular indignation that, had the people known what had passed with Bess Westmoreland, I make no doubt they would have murdered her. Fortunately, there was no suspicion at all. No one had seen them together, or knew that there had been any love-passages between them, or any jealousy. Most certainly they would have murdered her, the women especially being full of wrath against the unknown author of this misfortune. But I was uneasy— listening to the talk of these terma gants, as they gathered in the streets, and cried out what should be done to the witch — lest someone should turn sus picion upon Bess. As for Philadelphy, who would have been suspected, it was known that the Captain was to marry her young mistress, and therefore she could not be the witch. Now, of wise women, who know the properties of simples, and can read the 6igns of good and bad luck, and tell fortunes by cards, there are always plenty; but of witches there was in Deptford only one, and of wizards only one, and both of them known to be friends of the Captain. 'It is true, Luke,' said Bess Westmoreland, when I found her in the usual place. ' Do not talk as if it were not true, because I am assured that the news is true. Why, I knew that something terrible was going to fall upon him. Mr. Brinjc s says there may be some mistake in the evidence of. Capta in Boys ; but I kuow better. It is quite true. 'What will happen next, I Icnow not. But I shall have my lover ba ck again, whatever happens. The fortune always ended in 1 he same way with love at last.' ?' Whatever ha ppuus, 13ess ? Why. he is now a prisoner of war, and, unices exchanged, will* remain a. prisoner till the war is ended. And if he ever return he will be tried and shot.' 'Then he wilL stay where he is, and send for me,' slic replied, as if tlie recovery of her lover, should tliot bo brought about, would be cheaply purchased ut the cost of his honour. But women know 'little of man's regard fur honour. ?? He will send for me : and if it were to the ends of the eai-th, I wurald go to him.' ' Bess,*' I whispered, 'it is rumoured abroad in the town that he w«is» bewitched. Is there anyone who knows what passed between him and you when last you saw him1:' ' No one Imowis except you, Luke. Aaron knows, but he is away.' ' Then speak to- no one about it. Let it not be suspected that you predictf «1 this disaster, or the people, I verily believe, would bu rn you for a witch, Bess.' ' Why, are th ey such fools as to think that I would suffer a hair of hi 6 head \o be touched if 1 could help it? For Jack loved i. no once — how ho loved me once — three years ago ! And I — oh ! I love him always. What do 1 care what he has * lone ? Let him but hold up his finger to me and I will go 1 o him. I will be his slave. Oh ! Luke, I would suffer gla dly that he kicked and flogged me daily so that he loved u vs. What do I care about his disgrace * That touches not : me. My Jack will always be the same to me, whatever peoi -le may say of him.' ' My poor Bess. ,' I said. ' Indeed, he hath u constant mistress. But, n ty dear, do not look to Bee him more. I fear we shall nev- ;r be able to set eyes on his face again, for he cannot si low his face among his fellows. The common fellow p; iys for his sins with a flogging, and when his back is healed, he thinks no more of the matter. But the Captain— look you, Bess — it is a most dreadful thing. For, whatever happens, he can never more sit among honourable men.' ' He shall sit with me, 1hen,' said Bess. 'As for what I told him, the words were put into my head — I know not how. They were a message. I was made to tell him. They were not my words ; wherefore I knew that they would come true.' ' Thus, while the rest of us were overwhelmed with shame, she who loved him best (because now I clearly understood that Castilla had never loved him so well, else she could not have been so quickly and so easily resigned to her loss) thought little of the deed much of the man. Thus it is that a woman may love a man, so that whatever he does, whether he succeed or fail, even if he does disgraceful and shameful things, she will love him steadfastly. In Bess's simple words, he is always the same man for her. 'As forme,' said Mr. Brinjes, 'I am very sure that the lad wa6 bewitched. I know not by whom, because Philadelphy would work all the charms she knows for his help, for Miss Castilla's sake. But bewitched he was. Wherefore, Luke, my lad, I shall wait until we learn where he is at present bestowed, and then I shall send him a letter. He must not look for a return to England at any time, unless he joins himself with the Pretender, and hopes to return with him. But no ; he must never return at all. And as for that young man, he is now near 40, and will never come to England again, I take it. But though Jack cannot come back here, I see no reason why we should not go to him; and so we might together set sail for the Southern Seas, and there dig up my treasure, and equip and man a stout squadron for the harassing of the Spanish 'Why, Mr. Brinjes,' I told him, 'you are now an old man— 90 years and more, as you have told us often. Is it for a man of 90 years to brave the hardships of the sea once more ?' ' Hardships ! Little you know of peaceful sailing among the sunny waters of the islands. There are no hardships and no discomforts. Why, 'twould make me 20 years younger to be back again in the Pacific Ocean' and in those latitudes. I should be little more than 70. What is 70 ? A man is still green at 70 : he is in the full vigour of his manhood ; there is nothing- that I could not do at 70— ay, and as well as the youngest of them all, save that my limbs were a trifle stiff, and I no longer cared to run and jump. But that stiffness sometimes falls on a man at six- sind-thirty, wherefore I could not complain. Seventy ! Ah, to be 70 again, with 30 years more to live ! And then, if one were so lucky as to fall upon the great secret, another 30, and another 30 after that, and so on as long as one chose to live, and that, my lad, I promise you, would be until I understood clearly what was on tho other side.' Thus he went on chattering, having almost forgotten how we began to talk. To forget the things of the present day is ever a sign or proof of great age. 'Ah,' he sighed heavily, ' would to God that I could find myself once more aboard a tight vessel on the Pacific seas, with plenty of men and lemons, and some music for the lads in the even ings, and, for amusement, taking a ship now and then, and making the Spaniard walk the plank. Jack should bo our captain, and Bess should go with us. I could not go away from Deptford without Bess, and her heart is always set on Jack. Yet I do not remember any women among the itovers except Mary Read and Ann Bonny, and they dressed like men, and pretended to be men. They sailed under Captain ltackam, and a brave pair ot wenches they were. I dreamed lost night that we were all three on the poop of as fine a schooner as one could wish, bound for the South Seas, by way of the Indian Ocean.' So we lost our hero. At least, so we thought we had lost him. He was taken to a French prison. He would never be so mad as to return to England, where certain death awaited bun; We should never see him again ; and as Captain Petherick truly said, we were all shamed by an act as truly cowardly as ever British sailor committed. The newspapers continued to speak of it, the evidence of Cap tain Boys was printed in full, and there were more epigrams. And then other things happened, and the loss of the Calypso would have beea speedily forgotten but for a surprising and unexpected turn, which was, so to speak, a second act in this tragedy of Jack ISosterbrook's end. Truly surprising and unexpected it was, and the intelli gence of it threw us all into an agitation worse, if possible, than the first, for we were assured that the worst was over. The first blow fell upon us like a thunderbolt from a clear sky, and now we were rising to our feet again (except the Admiral), stunned and confused, yet in a fair way of recovery, as happens in every earthly calamity, else 'twould be impossible to live. The child we love— nay, the woman we love — dies, yet behold the sun rises and sets, and pre sently the daily life goes on as before, and the loss is partly forgotten. Suppose, however, the woman was not 'dead, but came to life again, only to die with more cruel suffering and with shame! What happened, in a woid, was this. The crew of the prize had orders to take the Calypso to Brest, which was the nearest French port. They ordered then- prisoners below to the quarters always designed for men in that unhappy position, namely, the forward portion of the cockpit, where they have to sit in gloom, lit only by one great ship's lantern all day and all night, save for such times as they are allowedon deck for fresh air in gangs and small companies. When the Englishmen were driven below, and the prize crew appointed, the Malicieuse parted company, and the Calypso was left to make her own way to Brest. ' On the second day,' we read in the Lottdon Post, ' the prisoners rose, and became again masters of the ship, which was brought into Spithead under the first lieutenant, the captain being kept a prisoner in his cabin. This extra ordinary reversal of fortune, and other circumstances attend ing the case, have excited the greatest interest. The Lords Commissioners have ordered the ship to be brought to Deptford, where the court-martial on Captain Easterbrook will be held.' As is usual in news published by authority in the Gazette, and copied by other newspapers, there were no particulars of the manner in which the ship was recovered, except that she was navigated by the first lieutenant. Had the crew, then, mutinied against their captain, and confined him to his cabin? If not, how was hea prisoner? It was impossible for me, who knew the whole circum stances of the case, not to feel that in this surprising re versal of fortune and in the ordering of the court-martial there was a direct interposition of the hand of Providence, such as may well make the guilty tremble. To lose life, and honour as well, which is dearer than life, as a penalty for broken vows, seems a terrible punishment, and out of proportion to the offence. But it is not every inconstant, lover who hath called down upon his own head, as Jack did, the wrath of God in case of his inconstancy. Man cannot with impunity call upon the name of the Lord. There is ;i story of one who learned how to draw tbo lightnings out of heaven ; but be drew them upon himself, :uid so lavished. Wsis not this the fate of Jack Easterbruuk V Alas, we were now wholly without hopo. For nads must that he be tried, sind ho was condemned already, suid as good iis shot. While he was prisoner with the French his life was at least safe ; suid if hechuse never to return, he could certainly never be tried, and so his cusu would be, in the course of time, forgotten. But now he must bo ii-ied, and he must bo condemned. 'But.' said Mr. Brinjes, ' he shall call me as a witness, and I will prove from books and from mine own experience that there have happened many cases of sudden madness, and that in such an access or seizure :i man is not master of himself. And those who have travelled much in countries where the sun is hot, and especially (hose who have wandered, as the boy did, among savages, with in sufficient food, and perhaps no covering for the head, are more than others liable to such .fits, instances of which I can produce. It will also be set forth that the captain, nut long before he sailed, received so heavy a blow upon the head that lie was carried senseless through rho town ;iud across the river. Such a blow may of itself produce the effect of sudden madness. Men who have provod them selves brave sailors and fond of fight do not, unless from this cause, suddenly become cowardly. Why, he crowded all sail to get within range of the enemy.' 'Yet he struck his flag,' I paid. ' Is every nmn who runs away after inarching resolutely to meet the enemy to plead that he was smitten with a puuden madness r' As for the value of such evidence, I know not what ir would have availed ; but I think it would have availed nothing in the eyes of the officers who formed the court. But, as you will presently see, it never was produced. Perhaps the knowledge of what he could testify gave the apothecary an inward assurance which comforted him, for he showed no alarm, and maintained stoutly that his own evidence, with the prisoner's previous good conduct., would get Jack acquitted, if it did not get him reinstated in command. But courts, whether mariial or civil, do not thus examine into motives and causes. If a Judge were to hear why a pocket came to be picked, or by what train of circumstances an honest man has been turned into a rogue, there would be no punishment at all, but rather general commiseration for sin, and forgiveness of all sinners, on the score of human, weakness and the strength of temptation. As for Bess, when she heard that the captain was a prisoner and on his way to meet his trial, she said nothing, except that whatever happened the end was certain ; and she waited. Her wrath ond fierceness were all gone ; she was now gentle and calm, though her cheek was pale, and round her eyes a black ring,, by which 1 knew that slio slept little, and thought of Jack continually. Idle men do not think; they only dream. Thought is a prime factor in progress. Dreams are airy nothings, whether1 one dreams asleep or awake. He who possesses the true spirit of conciliation knows that no right is too small to be respected, no kindness too trilling to be rendered, no part of life too insignificant to command consideration. Infinite toil would uot enable us to sweep away a mist: ; but by ascending a little we may often look over it altogether. So with our moral improvement we wrestle fiercely with a vicious habit which would have no hold upon us if we ascended into a higher moral atmo sphere. No one has too much poetry, too much hope, or faith, or aspiration. Most people have far too little. What they * have, however, is usually the best part of them. Their V ideals are higher than their actuals. In this lies one secret ' of all moral progress. Men conceiveoif a better life thau they are living, of nobler conduct, of higher thoughts, of purer feelings. These conceptions beckon them onward and upward, and lead them to bead paths of virtue that were once impossible., 