GORDON BALTERSTONE ; OR THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE, CHAPTER II. Continued. As the time drew on, Gordon became very restless. He tried to read, but though his eyes traversed the lines of the book he held in his hand, the words had no meaning to him. His mind kept going over and over the events of the day, or imagining what might lie ahead. He could not help thinking of the woman who had been so mysteriously spirited away. By and bye, tired out, he fell into an uneasy slumber \- for he had retired to his room and laid down upon his bed. The events of the day became mixed up, and dreams of the most fantastic character rendered him still more uneasy. He had just succeeded in rescuing a lovely girl from the jaws of a horrid monster, when a giant approached armed with a terrible battle axe. He was defenceless, and as he looked up he could see the sharp glittering blade descending fair for his forehead. He could not move - he strove to cry - already he felt, the edge upon his flesh when he was awoken by a voice. " Come, sir, time's up and we've got a long tramp before us." It was the voice of Bill, who had been told to wake him at eleven o'clock, so that they might reach the trysting place in time. " All right, Bill," said Gordon, springing from his bed perfectly awake. " All right, I'll be ready in a minute." With that he slipped on a dark overcoat for the weather was chilly, placed a pistol in each pocket, and also a flask filled with something comforting and stimulating into his breast pocket and said : " Now I'm ready Bill, are you ?" " Quite ready, chummy," replied Bill as he produced a formidable oak stick. " Quite ready, and ef any mischiefs meant, we'll ave a share in the fun an no mistake." With that they started. The windows of Gordon's bedroom opened out on the garden. It was through this window that Bill had entered and it was through it they departed, By this means no one in the Inn knew that they were gone. They traversed the garden and made their exit through a door in the wall. This opened on a path overgrown with briars and weeds that led through the convent grounds. Bill took this direction because it shortened the road by about two miles. They walked along in silence for a while under the shadow of some mighty elms. Just as they came in sight of the old monastic buildings, the bell on the top, which had never been removed, gave one deep solemn toll. At the same moment a sound was heard of clanking chains, a door creaked on its hinges and there emerged into the cloisters a dim figure surrounded by a phosphorous light. Bill put his hand on Gordon's arm and whispered : '' The nun - there she goes - my eyes - wouldn't the boss and the rest of them run. Wot's to be dun ? Shall we go up to the chap and arks her vot's the matter and can't she sleep ?" " Not now," said Gordon, who was somewhat alarmed it must be confessed. " Not now, we must be in time to meet the gypsy." " Tell yer wot," said Bill. " I b'lieve them gypsies has somewot to do with this 'ere fun. I recollecks that wen the ghost walked before there was gypsies about." " Very likely," replied Gordon," 'but we cannot attend to that business now. We have quite enough on our hands already." " All right," said Bill, " but I should like like to ave ad a little talk with old Lucifer matches." And so on they went, Bill in front. The night was very dark and had it not been for his companion Gordon would never have reached the place. As it was, however, Bill knew every nook and copse in the forest for miles around, and after walking for some distance Gordon knew they were near the place by the stream. This was to him a somewhat familiar spot, as he had often strolled its banks. After following the course upwards for some distance, they came to a place where Gordon had seen the gypsy. It now wanted ten minutes to twelve. Of course, it was not intended that the gypsy would know of the Bill's presence, so he placed himself in a thick copse of holly, where he made himself comfortable among the ferns. " Never fear mate," he said to Gordon, " that I shall go off to sleep. I shall keep my ears cocked like a dog, and the moment you give the signal I shall be with you. And see, he said producing a huge horse pistol, I av got a barker too, and the best ov it is he bites as well barks." With that, Gordon left him and proceeded a few yards upstream where he sat himself on a stone and waited for the gypsy. He sat thus for some time. All was still. There was not a rustle in a leaf. Once or twice he heard the croak of a night raven as it flew past, or the rustle of a forest mouse in the ferns. These sounds, however, only intensified the silence by the contrast. Presently there came stealing through the air the distant sounds of the monastery bell. One, two, three and up to twelve were these mysterious sounds repeated. Were the sounds produced by mortal hands, thought Gordon, or is it possible that the spirits of the departed inhabitants of this place could produce them ? He had no time, however, to follow through with this speculation, for just then it seemed as if the air was flooded with music. He could detect no regular theme, but a succession of ravishing chords, similar, but infinitely superior to the sounds produced by an Eolian harp in a high wind. But no harp had produced those sounds, for not a breath of a breeze disturbed the forest. In spite of himself Gordon was awed and arose from the stone on which he was sitting. At that moment, there emerged from the point at which she had disappeared, his visitor of the previous day. If, however, she looked beautiful then, now she even was more so. She was dressed as before, but her dress and hair were covered with tiny jewels set in gold that sparkled like so many points of fire and that surrounded her with a sort of halo. " Thou art come then, oh man," she commenced in a slow and solemn, yet ravishingly sweet voice. " Thou art come to learn thy destiny. Thy truth and thy punctuality augur well for the future. Come, follow me, and we will together read the heavenly book." With that she turned, and Gordon prepared to follow, first feeling whether his pistols were ready for action. This was, however, merely a mechanical precaution, for in his heart of hearts he felt he had no bodily harm to fear. There is a language - an unspoken language - that reveals more distinctly than any spoken words can do. A glance of the eye, a pressure of the hand, a mere movement of the body speaks this language in unmistakable accents. Highly impressionable as Gordon was, and susceptible to influences, he had read in a passing glance from that brilliant black eye that he had nothing to fear. He felt he had no occasion to dread her power, but rather that he was the master here. His feelings, which the mysterious sounds and appearances of that night had powerfully wrought upon, now regained their wonted condition, and with a steadier and more confident step he followed her into the dark shadows of the forest. Not far, however, did they proceed. A few yards brought them to what seemed an impenetrable thicket of holly. Here the gypsy paused, and stretching out her wand opened an entrance through which Gordon passed into an open space. This space was surrounded and over- shadowed by oaks. It was perfectly clear of bushes, and the soft grass with which it was clothed had all the elasticity of a Turkish carpet. Fair in the centre was a tripod, in which burnt a pale fire with a flickering flame. We have said that the night was dark, and so it was, for a heavy cloud overspread the whole of the sky. As Gordon looked upwards he could perceive a wide circular opening where the tops of the trees did not meet. Through this the heaven was visible as black as ink. A moment later the gypsy stood beside our hero. Then she drew a circle around him with her wand, bidding him to stir not for his life. Then drawing near to the tripod she sprinkled some powder upon it from a golden box. A thick cloud arose from it, and a grateful perfume filled the arena. Waving her arms above her head the gypsy then danced in solemn and graceful movements around the tripod. Gordon, who had completely recovered his presence of mind, viewed all these performances with interest, but without fear. He felt they were done to mystify him, and he guessed the reason. He could not, however, but admire the beautiful creature before him - so fantastically dressed. And yet he felt she could not be dressed in a more appropriate manner. She brought back to his mind all he had ever heard about ancient magic - particularly did he remember a weird picture which he had seen of the temptation of good St. Anthony. When she had thrice encircled the tripod with her graceful steps, the gypsy bounded to one side and frantically waved her wand, uttering some cabalistic words. At once the dense smoke of the incense seemed peopled with strange shapes. Shapes of beauty \- shapes of deformity - fairies of the most bewitching appearance - and the most horrible of demons. Some of these latter approached our hero, and ran muttering and howling, around the charmed circle within which he stood. The situation was really becoming exciting. Gordon did not know what to make of it. Was mischief intended ? For he believed those shades to be connected with human bodies. Was he to be carried off for some sinister purpose, as the lady was ? He felt for his pistols, and was comforted with the reflection that Bill was within call. At this moment, the voice of the gipsy broke upon his ear. " Fear not, mortal man ; thou hast stood the test ; thou art worthy to read the book of fate. With that she waved her wand, the apparitions disappeared, and they were alone in that solitary copse. Even the tripod had disappeared, and was it not for the faint lingering remnant of aromatic perfume Gordon would have doubted that it had ever been there. The gypsy pointed upwards through the opening in the trees. Gordon lifted his eyes. Not a cloud was to be seen. The calm blue sky of heaven was there, studded with stars of startling brilliance. Our hero thought he had never seen the heavens look so beautiful. The stars did not appear to him as on ordinary occasions. Not only did they shine with unusual brilliance, but they appeared much larger, and of varied colors. Neither were they stationary as usual, and ,their places were continually changing and forming into complex figures. Gordon observed all this with amazement. " Well may'st thou wonder, O favoured of mortals," exclaimed the gypsy. " It is but seldom that human eyes are permitted to look upon the heavens as thou sees them. But heaven favours the brave, and you are one of his chosen sons. To them, through me, they will reveal thy destiny. Art thou willing to listen ?" " Yes,'' replied Gordon. " I shall be glad to hear what you can read. But how do you know that they speak the truth ? And may not you be mistaken in your interpretation ?" " I do not interpret," she replied. " Behold, thou unbeliever. On this scroll is inscribed the signs by which I can read the stars." With that she produced a parchment scroll yellow with age, and on which was inscribed the mysterious characters commonly supposed to be necessary accessory for the study of astrology. " Here," she said, " is the unfailing interpretation of the stars. For every sign, or conjunction, or peculiar arrangement, the meaning is here inscribed. But, silence now ! The hour has arrived, your planet is now in the ascendant, and the stars speak out." With that she stepped from his side into the centre of the greenwood, and raised her hands to the heavens. " A multitude of appearances pass before me - they are confused. Now I behold thyself. Thou art alone. Now on either side appears a misty form. The mist on the right clears, and I behold a lovely woman, eyes dark as night, long raven tresses. She turns towards you, and thou lookst on her with the eyes of love. On the left from the cloud emerges another, fair as the day, the red on her cheek rivals the rose, and her eyes are as blue as the skies. Her long amber hair floats round her like a cloud. She nears you, her hand is placed on your shoulder, you turn away from the other, and you are locked in an embrace. What is that I see now ? Horror ! A hand armed with a dagger descends from the clouds. It is aimed at you. She with the bright eyes starts forward. She turns the blow. It misses you, and the fair maiden is struck dead. See, the dark beauty kneels to you. For a moment you turn away. Then you raise her to your arms. At this moment the music which Gordon had heard before struck up again. A cloud of incense smoke came slowly over the scene, and as the form of the gypsy was hidden within it she cast a long lingering look of undisguised love upon our hero. Gordon turned to leave the spot. Strong as his mind was he was thoroughly unnerved by the incidents of the night, and he tottered from the scene. He knew not whither he went. He forced his way through the bushes, but at last recognising that he could not find his way he raised the preconcerted signal. Bill answered immediately, and came tearing through the bushes. Gordon heard his footsteps, and was on the point of repeating the call when he heard a heavy step behind him and the next moment he fell to the ground - stunned by a heavy blow. To Be Continued. 