TMovelist. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OFSUFFERING. AX AUTOBIOGJIArilYj Reprinted from “ The Australasian" of 1S67 by special permission.) CHAPTER XIV. MEWOAT E. Newgate. How suggestive the very word ! What associations cluster round the name ! How the heroes of the far-famed “ Calendar ” start into life at the very sound., and are visioned before us in all their pristine glory 1 How it bears the memory back to the good old times, and begets a reverence for “ The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should take who has the power, And he should keep who can.” Ghosts glide beforo us as we breathe themystio Byllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate 1 thou great school for.the improvement of tho mind upon the mutual instruction system ; thou world of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of un. known tongues ; with thy cboieo precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philo Hophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, und been the means of raising to the most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and the mansion itself becoming his mausoleum 1 More than ones have I trodden thy passages where Eleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the pool’s words and found it easy to believe that there might rest “ Some heart once pregnant with celestial llro; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre.” I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty’s carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like—palatial seminaries for ethical tution, and the meretrioious manner in which they were deoked out appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weak ness. But here, how different 1 No wide portals replete with architectural ornamenta tion were opened for my reoeption. A little wooden wicket turned on its hingeB, and in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a seoond Daniel Lambert size, stood before me with a not unpleasant smile upon his face. In those days photo graphy was not in the service of the prison, and so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink. This was done instnnter—five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born at Finohley, Middlesex, age sixteen, once in prison before for vagrancy, congenital brown mark on right side near upper ribs— and the picture was complete. I was then introduced to tho reception ward, where there wore already three inmates. 1 wad by no means appalled by the look of the place. I had been familiar woree in my non-pro fessional days. There was accommodation only for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. The sleeping berths were contained in a three storied frame, and there were three rugs and a mat to each berth. The ward contained a fire-place, but the weather being warm there wa3 of course no fire. Over the fire plaoo was a buet rudoly carved, whioh my eompanious assured mo was a traditional likeness of Jack Sheppard. Above thi3 was a large board, on whioh was a painted notice that any defacing or injury, of the books placed in the ward would meet with punish ment. Whal books were referred to I cannot eay, for I never saw any, except in ohspel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary salo hanging up by tho side of the ward door, and a glance at this convinced me that tho turtle-loving civio authorities had framed it in a sympathetic spirit, should like to minutely record their generous bill of faro, but my memory b ._i__ x know that the u treacherous. - gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread was cooa, and the meat and potatoes satisfying. Tho precise quantities I cannot now specify. 1 only passed ono night in the reception ward, and this Iepent listening to the narrations of my companions, two of whom were in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for picking pookets. I must admit, however, that their language for the most part was in comprehensible to me. The pickpocket de scribed how he fanned a block’s kiok, and then touched him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave put the pay; that he made tracks like winken; that the bloak con tinued to give beefment; that a fiat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had slung the dummy; that the bloak I rapt hard against him, and so he was fullied I to the start, and was sure to get seven stretoh on account of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing the changes, &o.;'- I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their termB, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained 'everything to me. I in my tarn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon de clared I was no flat after all. In this man ner passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I waeplaoed in one of the ordinary, day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the reception-ward. There was the fire place, and the painted board with the book notice, the reek sleeping berths, the mats and the rngs. There were also two ta bles and four forms, which I remember ex ceedingly well, as tho forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at Bhove-balf-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight of these were employed at a well known prison game called “ ooddem.” As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from the general inmates of the place, attention was immediately directed to wards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained was a “ beloher,” had changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the "dipping” line of tho profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the loss good- humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favourito with my companions. My prison acquaintanceswere by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, for when we were out in the airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four yards were together. I don’t nrctend that ray virtue wae much alarmed at the ecenea I daily moved among; but! oertainly was as tonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Pablioly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction prinoiple. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained their various uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which hia branch of the profession might bo profitably pursued. The piokpooket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practioal instructions in “ buzzing.” In short Ihaveno hesitation in saying that the zeal of the professors in this college was se untiring, the methods of in struction so varied and ao apt, the knowledge imparted eo extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term er two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twenty, good-looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its -scholastic sense. Ho was one of tho most expert pickpookets in London, and was known as " Sullivan the Wire.” The other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every oant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigism ; was a shrewd man of tho world with a fair amount of intelligence; was a clevor sophist in attempting to justify orime; carried on business in London os a “fence”; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for wont of sufficient evidence, wae sure to be acquittod. These two companioas were apt teachers, the one giving practioal lessons, and the other en forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in instructing mo how to pick pookets. He was an adept at the busi ness himself, and by constant practice I soon became as expert as he wae. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit in the world except on one occasion, when, having had my pocket book taken from mo on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three, I followedthem inle a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pookets into the bargain, a regular " diamond-cut-diamond” affair. My other Newgate companion— Johnson the fence—was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous charaoter. In favor of :rime h9 advanoed the eame sort of argu ment that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however cun ningly I might entangle myself in my own sop- : aisms, I was never completely deceived by hop, but. always had an innate oonviotion of heir falsity. With Johnson it wae other- < vise. His mind was bo utterly warped that i le believed as he argued, and had no vision ; if the truth which lay beyond his own per licious doctrines. Faith, either in the false ir the true, begets earnestness; and thus i fohnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as | i result, made many proselytes. His argu- i nents on myself were thrown away, for I \ lava never confounded vice with virtue, or j .ttempted to justify to myself the evil I have i ommitted. Johnson’s knowlodgo of cant I i argely availed myself of, and if I am now on . .uthority in technical terms it is owiag to lis teachings. I composed several flash songs or the great master linguist, to be sung in j lie pr>'■ -_y—a, b», X uyw turn llUIIl bIIt111 3 uyself with loathing, and cannot suppose that 1 he reader would do otherwise. These com lositions were more curious than edifying, t was thus that I passed the time in New- ' ;ate. But what could be expected ? The , ictivities of tho mind will employ themselves, ind in the absence of everything good they ire sure to occupy themselves with evil, j iVithno books, no oscupation of any kind, j t is not much to be wondered at that I and , ny fellow-prisoners discussed crime in all its amifications, and warn daily fitting ourselves or still more guilty deeds on our return to ] he world than those for which we were then , iwaiting onr doom. i There was no attempt at classification, and i is for some reason or the other the men were requently changed from ward to ward, by the ;ime the sessions commenced I had made the icquaintanee of nearly every committed pri soner in the gaol. I thus had the criminal ' iharaeter before me in a variety of its phases; ind, young as I was, and quite as criminal bb my there, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interest. Among the rankest weeds hero were still flowere struggling for exist mce—in the natures the most depraved re leeming traits were to be found. Moet of the jrime aronnd me was of prison growth, and he fountain-heads whence flawed all its streams were ignoranee and poverty. (Talc continued.) Dion Boucicaillt has been telling that liis slender waist and youthful air due to al ways rising from the table hungry.; Mr. Gorge \V. Gbilds has a complexion like a fresh apple, and he seldom eats anything at the great dinners he . gives, and touches neither tea nor coffee,—Sensiblo man 1, 