PROTESTANT DISSENTERS AND THE CHURCH OF CHRIST. The announcement that the Rev. Canon Green would preach a sermon on " The two Religions —that of Protestant dissenters, and that of the Church of Christ," drew a large congregation to St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening. The Rev. Canon said :— It is written in the address of the Chairman of the Congregational Union—"The greatest enemy of Christ is the Church." It is written in St. Matthew xvi, 18—"Jesus eaid I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it " It is written in St. Paul's epistle to the Ephesians y, 25—Christ loved the Church and gave Himself for it, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having^ spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing," Nothing is more necessary when important matters are under the consideration of different sections o! thoughtful men than a clear definition of the position each section holds, with regard to the matters in question, and everything that tends to clear away misapprehension may be welcomed and turned to advantage, for neither men nor minds can strive or argue in the dark mist of uncertainty or doubt. For our purpose this evening we divide the Christian world into two camps, the Protestant camp, and the Church camp. I use the word church, instead of the better and more correct word catholic, to prevent misapprehension among those who do not generally use the word catholic in its true sense. THE VOICE OF A PROTESTANT LEADER. In one of the divisions of the Protestant 'camp we have recently heard the voice of a leader speaking out in clear unmistakeable tones the convictions of his heart and mind. In the position be held as Chairman of the Congregational Union Mr. Hebditch was in " the place where it was demanded of him that he should speak the truth." 1 know that the Congregationalists biad themselves to no man's words, however eminent he may fee for character, learning, and ability, and therefore that the address of their Chairman may not be taken as the authoritative exposition of the views of the body. In the address I find these words, "The greatest enemy to Christ is the Church. Make her ministers priests, her sacraments essential media of salvation, her voice law, and herself a visible corporation, and you put as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism, or Mahommedanism, or any other anti- Christ ever reared.'' Mr. Hebditch, from the bottom of my heart I thank you for those words. I read them with a shudder and almost a sob, but yet I thank you for them. I thank you for your candor, for your honesty, for your clearness. If you think the^e things it is better that you should utter them, that we may know whither a professed leader of Christian thought would take us. Mr. Hebditch is not aloue in his opinion. The Bev. Thomas Binney, formerly a name to conjure by, in his denomination, openly recorded his conviction that the Church of England " destroys more souN than it saves." Mr. Dale, "perhaps the [foremost Congregational minister now living, and who is coming from England to assist at the Jubilee of Congregationalism in this colony, " denies the Church of England to be a true church at all," Another, writing in one of their accredited magazines pronounces it to be " anti-Christian. unseriptural, and corrupt." A STARTLING UTTERANCE, I am disposed to think there has never been an utterance in this colony which has so forcibly and clearly demonstrated the fact that insofar as Mr, Hebditch represents the views of Protestant Dissentere— and I believe in the paragraph under review- he represents' the views of the whole mass under whatever names- -they have a system for religion totally different from chat of the Church, and as we for our part unhesitatingly affirm totaUy different from that which, through every century since the fiery baptism of Pentecost, has been the blessed heritage of the Church of the living God. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND Tn reviewing the criticisms on his address Mr. Hebditch said he was surprised that it should have been thought that he referred to the Church of England. Though Mr, Hebditch had not the Church of England in his mind when he said " the greatest enemy to Christ is the Church," yet the Church of England is an integral part of that great Holy Catholic Church which is said to be " as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism or Mahommedanism, or any other anti-Christ ever reared," For the Church of England "makes her ministers priests, her sacraments essential media of salvation, her voice law, and herself a visible corporation I do not propose to-night to argue whether she is Scriptural and Catholic in doing all this. I should be quite prepared to take these points one by one, but to-night my object iB to point out the fact that there unhappily is a great gulf between the religion of Protestant Dissenters and the religion of the Church. THE FOUR CONDITIONS. Let me endeavor to point out the doctrine of the Church and the difference between the two camps on each of these four points, HER MINISTERS PRIESTS. 1\. The Church of England makes her ministers priests. She has an office for the "ordering of triests,"in which it is provided that a sermon be preached declaring how necessary that order is in the Church of Christ, its dignity and importance. She pronounces it to be a " holy office." At the solemn moment of ordination, when the Bishop, with the priests present, lay their hands upon the head of the kneeling candidate, the Bishop says—" Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God." Not till he has received that commission may the holiest man that lives exercise any of the functions of the priesthood, but having been made a Priest of the Church of Christ he may and must, under the Great High Priest of our profession, nse the powers committed to him and be a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of the holy sacraments. Henceforth he must minister at the altar, leading and offering the worship of the people, consecrating the bread and wine, which, by virtue of that consecration, with the operation of the Holy Ghost, become the sacrament of the blood and body of Christ, representing to the Eternal Father, aaid pleading before Him the memorial of the one Sacnfice for the sins of the whole world. Henceforth he may invite sonls sick and weary with the intolerable burden of their sins to "open their grief " to him, that by the ministry of God's holy Word they may receive the benefit of absolution. He is bidden to move sick persons to make a special confession of their sins if they feel their consciences troubled with any weighty matter, and after the confession he may give peace to the penitent soul by exercising the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ committed to him, and saying—" I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Undoubtedly then the Church of England does make her ministers priests. This satisfies the first of Mr. Hebditch's conditions. HER SACRAMENTS ESSENTIAL MEDIA OF SALVATION. 2\. The Church of England makes her sacraments essential media of salvation. In the words of her catechism, by which her children are to be instructed for their soul's health, she plainly declaies that the two sacraments, of baptism and the Lord's Supper, were ordained by Christ in His Church as "generally," i.e.. universally "necessary to salvation." She echoes her Lord's words—" He that believcth and is baptized shall be saved." " Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter the Kingdom of God." She teaches that water has been sanctified to the mystical washing away of sin ; that the Lord Jesus Christ has promised in His hoiy word to receive the baptized, to release them of their sins, to sanctify thfem with the Holy Ghost, to give them the Kingdom of Heaven and Everlasting Life. She bids her priests according to their office, exhort her children in the name of God to be partakers of the Holy Communion. " As ye love your own salvation;" " which if ye shall neglect to do consider with yourselves how great injury ye do unto God, and how sore punishment bangeth over your heads for the same." The Lord said "Except ye eat of the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood ye shall have no life in you," The Church teaches that we fulfil this requirement in receiving the Holy Sacrament, " then we dwell in Christ and Christ in us; we are one with Christ and Christ with us," and so our sinful bodies are made clean by His body, and our souls washed through His most precious blood. Undoubtedly the Church of England does make her sacraments essential media of salvation, and so satisfies the second of Mr. Hebditch's conditions. HER VOICE LAW. The Church of England " makes her voice law" when she declares in the twentieth article that" the Church hath power to decree rites and ceremonies, and authority in controversies of faith." This she must do if she really is what St. Paul calls her, "the pillar and ground of the truth," and so 1 clearly is her voice to be a law for Christians that .Tesus said *• If he will not hear the Church let him be to thee a heathen man and a publican." The Church requires her children to hearken unto her voice, gives 1 them authoritative interpretation of Scripture that they may learn what they ought to know and believe for their soul's health. Undoubtedly the Church of Christ in England does make her voice law, and so satisfies the third of Mr. Hebditch's conditions. " She speaks to her sons and daughters as one having authority, and not as the sctibes," A VISIBLE CORPORATION. 4\. The Church of England maintains and acts on the principle that the Church of Christ is " a visible corporation ;" that is, a body or society of persons just as visible as a society of Oddfellows or Freemasons, with its mode of initiation, its privileges of membership, its penalty of excommunication. Baptism is its sacrament of initiation so that after the baptism is administered we are bidden to give God hearty thanks " that it hath pleased Him to incorporate the child into His holy Church," THE FOUR CONDITIONS SATISFIED. The Church of England thus satisfies the fourth and last of Mr, Hebditch's conditions, and is therefore together with the rest of the Catholic Church, " as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism or Mahommedanism or any other : anti-Christ ever reared." The reasoning is quite plain. If a church does certain things she becomes a great obstacle in the way of Christ's victories. The Church of England does these things. Therefore she must be a great obstacle in the way of Christian victories. There can be no other conclusion. Yet after the Bishop has taken exception to some of Mr. Hebditch's remarks we find that gentleman declaring that "there never was a State Church which had accomplished so much or at this moment had so much power find dignity, and such an influence for good as the English establishment." I must leave the adjustment of these two statements to Mr. Hebditch. Protestantism is strong in some things, but not in logic. THE RELIGION OF THE CHURCH. Perhaps I may now scm up the religion of the Church as follows in two statements which embody the cardinal points at which Churchmen and Protestants differ in toto and from which their religions differ in ever divergent lines. Let me quote a carefullyworded summary. (1). Each man in the Chnrch is regarded not as an isolated unit, bat as a member of a family, a citizen of of a kingdom, with his training in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon his harmony with the family, his obedience to the laws of the kingdom; he can not separate himself from the organisation, lar less set up another in its stead without incurring the guilt of rebellion and forfeiting the privileges of citizenship. (2). Christianity is not a group of dogmas intended to produce a certain type of thought, but a supernaturaTlife derived from the God-man, and effecting the restoration of a fallen and disordered humanity by means of supernatural agencies passing through visible and natural channels," PROTESTANTISM. Protestantism is absolutely opposed to the Church on every one of the four points declared to be so vital. It insists that there must be a clear and uninterrupted way between the soul and God without the aid or intervention of either man or sacrament. It is enough for it that the spirit of God can act directly upon the spirit that is in man, and it denies that the Holy Ghost has chosen men and means through whom and through which He will sanctify the whole being. It will have neither altar, priest, nor sacrifice. While the Church desires unity of fellowship, the watchword of Protestantism is division in defence of its numerous isms. The pulpit, not the Lord's table, is the principal feature in its temples, the need of man, not the glory of the Eternal King, is the motive for its assemblies. It may erect beautiful buildings and rejoice in sweet- voiced choirs, but why ? To please the taste and gratify the sentiment of those who form its congregations, not to express its devotion to its King. In the Church the principal reason for the assembling of ourselves together, is to do public homage to God as our sovereign, to express by word and deed our love and devotion to Him, it is not for what we can get, nor even for our own pleasure and gratification, but for His honor. With Protestants generally, and avowedly with the denomination to which Mr. Hebditch belongs, the worship of God is the last object in view when they assemble together. Moreover it has no definite rule of faith and therefore recites no creeds, for though it declares the holy scriptures are to be consulted by the aids of second criticism as a final appeal in all controversies " it leaves to the individual mind the task and duty of forming a judgment for himself so that each man's opinions becomes his only truth. The learned or unlearned, ignorant or foolish, must set themselves to gather out of the holy scriptures a body of faith and practice which those blessed writings were never intended to teach. The result of such an attempt is sadly clear to all who listen to the babel of tongues of the Protestant sects. "Truth is that which every man troweth or deemeth true." So far do the Congregationalists carry this principle that when they put forth what they term their " Declaration of faith," containing a set of doctrines which they hold as of divine authority they jealously guard the right of individual judgment by a preliminary note, " It is not intended that the following state- ment should be put forth with any authority; or as a standard to which assent should be required." To them baptism and the Lord's supper are not sacramental means of grace ; they deny that any regenerations or new birth into the kingdom of God's dear Son takes place, in baptism';- and the Lord's supper is merely to be' celebrated as a token of faith in the Saviour and of brotherly love. Am I not correct in asserting that Churchman have one religion and Protestants another. SOME GENERAL REMARKS, As I said before I do not propose to-night to enter on any argument as to the truth or falsehood of the rival systems, but to you as Churchmen I may make a few general remarks. When it is said that a Church holding the four doctrines objected to by Mr. Hebditch is a great obstacle to Christ'sconquest of the world, one is staggered by the audacity of the assertion. It is almostenough to make the great apostolic missionaries who in Europe, and Asia,' and the isles of the sea won the victories of the faith and brought the nations willing captives to the feet of Christ to stir in their graves, for they knew no other religion than that of the Church. These Protestant theories of negation did not lift their heads in insolent disdain of Catholic truth until long after the great heathen nations had been won for God and His Chnrch by bishops and priests who gloried in their sacred offices as they ministered before God and offered the sacrifice, and absolved the penitent and taught with authority, and gathered bodies and sonls into the visible kingdom of God. I have said that I read Mr. Hebditch's words with a shudder and almost a sob. It seemed to me that our dear Lord was being so sorely wounded in the house of TTia friends, and that His light was said to be darkness. I know that the speaker uttered the convictions of his soul and thought he was doing God's service but—I almost shrink from saying it—was he not in awfuland imminent peril of unconsciously committing the sin against the Holy Ghost. How strange it seems to us that Protestant Dissenters shonld so misjude the effect, upon our soulsof the sacramental doctrines and ceremonies of the Church. They think we worship a Lord and King who is too far from us, kept away by outward means, to be perceived by our spiritual senses. Oh, how they misjudge us. The sacraments of Bis love, the-delegated office of His preisthood are the extensions of that Incarnation by which the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us. By them He is with us and will be with us always even unto the end of the world. Why with us it is Christ everywhere. He stands at the font to receive His redeemed ones as they pass through the glistening gates of His kingdom ; He speaks the word of peace to the kneeling penitent, and binds up the broken hearted. It iB Christ's cross and passion; the Priest at the altar pleads before the Father. When His people duly receive the! holy mysteries they areone with Him and He with them. It is to His throne our encharistic praise ascends when, with angels and archangels we laud and magnify God's glorious name. Yet it is said these are as bad as heathen obstacles to Christ's conquest of the world. Protestantism proclaims a system of negations. Church doctrine heralds a living Kin<r. It has been pointed out that this difference is very markedly shown in two typical books, one written by a Protestant, and the other by a man who believed in the doctrines so severely condemned, by Mr. Hebditch, "Bunyan's Pilgrims Progress," and the " Imitation of Christ. In the latter book, full of Church devotion, Christ i3 present throughout, teaching, warning, comforting the disciple. In the former, the Protestant Pilgrim's Progress, Christ is absent save for a casual glimpse or so from the beginning to the end of his pilgrimage. He is not with him in the Valley of the Shadow of Death, nor amidst the temptations of Vanity Fair, He is not with him when he is crossing the Black River. And that because the doctrine of personal Union with Christ is not a part of Protestant theology. CONCLUSION. Time forbids me to say more. Mr. Hebditch has, by the utterance of what doubtless his conscience bade him speak grieved and chilled the hearts of many of those who have been longing and praying that all who profess and call themselves Christians may hold the faith in unity of spirit. He has shown us how the principles and doctrines of the Church are viewed by those who are separate from her. We can no longer live in a fool's paradise of hopeful fancy and imagination. Between two parts of the redeemed race there is a great gulf. Will it ever disappear, and the separated ones be united ? Assuredly it will, but whether in this world or the next it is impossible to say. For while we work and pray and sorrow for what seems fruitless labor, The saints their watch are keeping, Their cries go up " How long And soon the night of weeping Shall be the morn of song. • " BUCHTJ-PAIBA."—Quick, complete cure for annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. 140 Printed and published by the proprietors FREDERICK WALLAGE KENNEDY and JOHN SAMUEL JONES, JUN„ at their offices, Todd and Divett Streets ort Adelaide, South Australia 