WESLEYAN \ÇÔNEËÈÈNCE. FKIDAV-.-FBUKPAUY 4. Af ter tho usual devotional exercises, the daily record was read aud adopted. QUEENSLAND API' AIIIS. % Rov. J. A. KOLAN moved,-" That tho . following ho appointed as a committoo on Wesleyan property ^affairs in tho colony of. Queensland, viz. :-Revs. J. A. Nolan, U. Woolnough, M.A. ; J. Spence, E. J. Rodd, ,W. H. Rogers, . F. E. Flotchor, M.A. ; lion. A. Rutledge, M.L.A. j. ; Hon. F. T. Erentnall, M.L.C. ; II. Jordan,M.L.A. ; C.l'letchcr, G. J., Bourne, J. Potts." . Tho resolution was carried. ? " ?. R-v. J. A. Nolan road .the report mid bulanco-shect ot tho Queensland Home Mission Fund fdr tho year ISSti. Tho report was received nnd adopted, and thc committoo thanked for its services. Tho Rev. W. II. Rogers was appointed secrotnry for 1887.. , LOCAL ritEACHEns' ASSOCIATION. Mr. T. P. Rebvo brought up tho report of .tho Local Preachers' Association. Tho committoo regretted that thous h the association opened hopofuljy, its. meetings of late had not, been well attended, and it. would bo impossiblo. to carry it on in its present form. It was agreed not to re- appoint tho committee. . VllOVEllTY UEFOUT. Tho Rov. G. Lano brought up tho following report of purchases, . acceptances, erections, &c;, for tho past year. Tho roport indicated enterprises for tho yoar to tho cxtout of £24,000, as follows: I. Purchases.-Wesley Church Circuit: Church sito at Alexandria, cost £100.' Nowtowu Circuit : Church sito ut Botany Bay, cost £00. Nowtown Circuit : Church site at Tempi Park, cost £120. Waverley Circuit: Church site at AVavcrlcy (loa'sohold), cost £875. Burwood Circuit : Church sito at Rookwood, cost £114. Kiama Circuit: 1'arsouago site, cost £50. Murrurundi Circuit : Addi- tional church site, cost £60. Brushgrovo and Ulmarra Circuit : Church sito at Ulmarra, cost £00. Mittagong Circuit: Church sito at Moss-Vale, cost £260. Ravens- wood Circuit, Queensland : Church sito nt Ravenswood ; church «ito nt Tetley. H. Acceptances.-Manly : Church silo at Greendale, tho gift of Mr. R.. Watkins and others. Camden .Circuit : Church sito at. Redbank, 1 nero, tho gift of Mr. W. G. Gracey. .limmavillo Circuit : Church «ito at Deoiiwntcr (half an aero), tho gift bf Messrs. Road and Coxall" Tamworth Circuit : Church sito at Buri (half nu acre), tho gilt of Mr; W. Bellfield; church sito at Uppor Manilla (half an aero), tho gift of Mr. John Nixon. Rich- mond River Circuit : Church sito at North Clunes (hnlf an ucre), tho gift of Mr. Andrew Johnsou. Wnrwick Circuit : Church sito (half mi acre) at Killarney III. Erections Completed.-Sydnoy District-Newtown. Circuit : Botany, brick and ¿tone church, cost £660 ; Tempo Park, church enlargement, cost £100. Rockdalo Circuit. :. Kfgarah, brick and stono church, cost, including sito, £1000 ; West Botany, brick and stono church, cost £000. Stanmore Circuit : Brick and stono parsoungo, cost £1878 ; Marrickville, infants' schoolroom, cost £120. Waverley Circuit : Paddington, briolc and stone parsonago, coat £l5o0.; caretaker's house, Paddington,- cost £470. . St. Leonards Circuit: Holtoimnu-strcot, ..brick and stone church, cost £800. Ashfield Circuit: Croydon,. brick and stone church, cost £1214; Ashfield, now Sunday-school buildings, co3t £2100 ; Petersham, caretaker's house, cost £250. Burwood Circuit: Bankctown, brick church, cost £350. Penrith Circuit: Penrith church (brick and stono), rebuilt, cost £900. Kiama Circuit : Riama church imp.-ovoment, cost £165. Shoalhaven Circuit: Nowra, brick parsonago, cost £850. Bathurst Biatrict.-Bathurst Circuit : Stewart-Btroot, brick class rooms, cost £70. Blayney Circuit : Blaynoy, brick and stono church, cost , £1175 ; Eyang Swamp,, wood church, coßt £54. I Orango Circuit : Lttcknow, iron church, cost £230. Oberon Circuit: Sunny Corner .iron church, cost £344. i Maitland District.-West Maitland 'Circuit :" Pokolbin, wontherbonrd church, cost £D5. Newcastle Circuit : Hamil- ton, church improvement, cost £30. Singleton Circuit : Bel- ford, weatherboard church, cost £100. Armidalo Circuit : Maitland Point, weatherboard church, cost £175 ; Arding, church improvement, cost £35. Glen Innes Circuit:.Brick church, cont, including sito, £1140. Tamworth Circuit : Duri, wood church, cost £75.- Bingera Circuit : Chnrch improvement, cost £103. Grafton District.-Brushgrovo and Ulmarra Circuit : Ulmarra, weatherboard church,, cost £200 ; Brushgrovo, church . improvement, cost £40. Goulburn District - Goulburn Circuit :. Goulburn, organ erected, cost £600. Crookwell Circuit; Church improvement and oroction of build- ings, cast £850. Yass Circuit : Burrowa, church im- provement, cost £35. Mittagong Circuit: Mittagong church improvoriicnt, cost £100 ; Cootamundra Circuit : Cootamundra, church improvement, cost £43; Temora, church improvement, cost £40. Corowa Circuit : Corowa : church improvement, cost £70. Queensland Bistriet : Brisbane (Stanley-street) Circuit; Coorpouroo, brick church,,cost £1153. Brisbane (Ann-street) Circuit: Bowon Hills, parsonage, cost£1500;. Nundah, parsonago, cost£700. Pimpama Circuit: Pimpama wood -church, cost £240. Ipswich Circuit : Redbank, church improvement, cost £00. 1-erndale, church improvement, cost £30. Warwick Cir- cuit : Allora, church improvement, cost £35. "Bundaberg Circuit : . Bundaberg, church, cost, including site, £625. Peak Bowns Circuit :, Claremont) church,, including site, £-130. Slunthorpo Ciçeuit : Amosfield, church, cose £75 ; Stanthorpe, church improvement, cost £25. Charters Towers Circuit: Charters'Towers, parsonago, including site, £500. Ravenswood Circuit : Ravonswood, church, cost £175.. IV. In course of erection :-Sydney District. Manly: Temporary church, coat £350. Shoalhaven Cir- cuit. : Broughton tircek, brick parsonago, cost £800. Bath- urst, District.-Bathurst: Brick 'parsonage, .cost £1200. West Mnitlnnd Circuit : Horso Shoo Bend, Sunday school, cost £100, Tamworth Circuit: Manilla, wood church, Taar-iorlh, school-room. Resolutions of former Conferences on property matters were ro-affirnicd, and tho Rev. G. Lane waa appoiutod ns agent to transact business with, tho Government. A com- mittee was also appointed to deal with tho question of tho transfer of church property. FOllEIGN MISSIONS. . Tho Rev. G. Lano moved that the minutes of tho Board, of Missions .ba..adopted.. Tho Rov. J. E. Carruthers under this brought up tho question of tho relation ot tho Chinese mission nt Tingha to tho superintendent of tho Inverell circuit, but no dolivorauco was given ou tho point. Tho Hov. Dr. KELYNACK snid that ho had to inform tho conference of his intention to resign tho ollico of general secretary of missions, which ho had held for tho last iivo years. Last year ho had notified that ho should seek release from tho position on tba ground of tho infirm sta to of his wife's health, and tho consequent claims of bis family for moro of his personal oversight. Ho was happy to say that, hy tho good providenco of God, ho wno "not now seeking, relief on that ground. Tho roason why ho now wished to bo relieved pf tho duties of tho position was ona that was furnished by Iiis own health. .During tho past year ho had boeu consoious of a growing sonso of inequality to tho work that necessarily belongs to' tho office Tho prolonged journics, the incessant nud heavy domands mado upon him by pulpit and platform in urging tho olaims of this ;socioty ; and. tho continuity of alf this had so taxed his . physical. powers that ho had boen painfully con- scious of a growing sense,of weakness, and hud been nssured by his medical ndvisor that were ho to continuo in this lino of labour . ho would run the risk of a thorough breakdown. But,for that danger ho should havo strivon to havo retained tho position nntil tho next gonernl confer- ence. Ibo risk to his health was, howovor, too soriouo, and tho claims ; of his family woro too gravo, to allow of his trifling with tho adinonitlqus ho had oxporiencod. To hold tho ollico and to censo from tho woik of visiting, tho sovornl colonies,.in tho interests,of the sooioty, was not in agree- ment with his fcoiing3, nor would it bo to tho interests of tho missions. Tho secretary of this society must itinorato, must. ndvoeato its. claims throughout tho wholo of tho Australian colonios, must bring it to a lnrgo amount of physical energy, and becuuso ho folt ho could not koop up to tho novcro strain which hud taxed him so muoh dunne: his form of office, ho re- signed tho chargo which tho conference had given him. Ho . was happy to bo nblo to state that tho transferonco of tho .responsibility .would not in his judg- ment bo nttendod with any sorioua disability. In tho spoeinl help fund which had hoon created, and which had boon tho source of that assistance that had kopt tho society from tho embarrassment of debt, ho should havo a balance of somo £1000 or £1700 to supplement tho ordinary coutribu- tions of tho churchos, and tins, ho judged, would covor tho claims of tho.sooioty until tho noxt goneral conforonco, whon tho wholo question of mission fields and mission incomo will como under review, and whon the judgmout of tho conforonco will deviso suoh measures as will tend to conservo and curry tho work on with yot greutor vigour and success. In retiring from tho oflico ho would romind tho conforonco that the claims upon tho sympathy and enterprise of tho church woro vorv n-reat. nnd surolv in ttm: successes of tho society thoy had at otico inspiration mid argument to urgo thom forward to tins task. Ho need not dwoll on tho glorious transfor- mations of. tho Gospel in Fiji, for tho fumo thereof, lind gono, forth throughout tho world. But ho would specialise tho work in Now Britain. Thoro they had laid a good foundation, thoy had multiplied churches, they liad founded schools, thoy had gi von tho pcoplo portions of God's Mossed word in thoir own language, thoy had from tho.poor degraded inhabitants of that land raised up tho evidoncos of tho mighty power of tho Gospol to savo to the uttermost. Yot thoir work thoro might bo said to havo only just begun. Tho many tribes bf that group roached out their hand to thom imploring thom that what they had douo for somo of their follows should also bo dono for them. In thoso colonies tho ovangelistio work which thoy had boon carrying on for many years for tho Chines'o could bo greatly extended. Tho mission which lind dono so much for many of these aliens in Victoria, and that whiuh in this colony was striving to do a similar work, might bo supplemented by the establishment bf ximilar enterprises inotheroalonios. SouthAustraliacontomplntoathatsomething should bo attempted for tho Cliineso in her Northern Terri- tory ; Now Meilland, at tho Inst srenoral conforonco, pleaded for a similar work in rogard to tlio'Chinc.su in that colony. In Fiji thoro is a largo population from tho grout continent of India, for whom stops were hoing taken to mako Known to thom, through tho teacher, tho unsearchable riches of Christ; but moro might bo dono than was at present con- templated, and moro should bo done if thoy woro adequately to meotthoir needs. In ndditiou to lill thoso, thoro woro tho islands and groups of tho Pocilio as' vet unvisited hy tho missionary, whero they might bpgin that spocios of work which had been so productivo olsowhoro. In a word, tho fields that opined up bofpro thom woro so wide, and in thom claims so urgent, that thoy might woll find therein material which should Aro their deepest sympathy, anti call for thoir consecrated service. In viow of thoso claims, let him spçuk of sumo things which his work duriujr the past " . I ?years lind brought before him,, tho..observance of which would greatly conduce to tho incronso of tho revenue of tho I «ociotv", and to tho greater effectiveness of its work, ino I first point that ho would omphnsiso was that they wanted an increased scalo of giving. Much was said ot their liberality, and worthily as somo of their people acted in re- gard to this matter, tliero was yet a largo section of their pcoplo who wcro in much need of hoing lifted into a higher state of Christian feeling for tho heathen round bout thom, who sinned, and suffered aud sorrowed and died without a guido and without a comforter. What they wanted in addition was a moro thorough organisation, and u moro systematic effort to develop a larger income. Admitting tho oxcel lonco of much that wn's.dono iii certain directions, what waa wanted, wits tho extension of similar organisations and efforts, so that, it should compass moro fully tho cholo of tho churches. If this wcro dono tho result would conclusively demonstruto tho valuo of tho _ sug- gestion. 'Tho extension of tho Juvemlo Missionary Society organisation on a largo scalo would alone produce a largo increaso to tho .funds af tho society. In short, thoy wnntcd, and his brothron would forgivo him for saying it, not a less concern for local interests, but a .coater concern in somo casos for connexional interests. They wanted a moro enlarged and .tender conscientiousness ns to tho hoods of tho heathen and their duty in relation thereto. They wanted thoir hearts touched with moro ot tho pity of tho Divine Christ, thoir lives flaming with «eal and laborious in servico, a glad consecration of ovcry faculty and every power for tho advaucciuont o£_ that kingdom which meant righteousness and poaco and joy m tho Holy Ghost. Whilo ho thus urged tho living consecrar lion of Methodists to the intorests of this work, ho was hnppv in hoing able to announce tho fact that somo of tho friends of tho sooioty who served it with tho utmost dovotion whilo thoy vero hoio gavo practical proof of tho strength of their attachment to it boforo thoy wont to a better world. Tho largo boquost of Miss Black of £lo,000, of Mrs. Hurst Caldwell of £1000, and of Mi*. Bowman of £50 wcro gratifying evidences of this. In concluding no woaid say that God had given thom grcut honour us a church in connection with thoir mission work in those son-?. Thoy had been privileged to havo somo of tho noblest mon ' whoso hames over graced tho aunáis of tho .Church, mid whoso names to-day woro ao ointmouts poured forth. Thoy had nchi3vcd successos. wl'.ioh had .convortod somo'oj tho ? vilest spots of earth into tloids which God had mado lruit frd in moral oxcollonco and religious dovotion that woro to- day the admiration of tho woild. And ho dovoutly trusted that aa timo wont on.this gïoat federated Mothodiat Church of Australasia would go forth with aa enthusiasm that was in scum sonso pmportionátc.to the work to bo dono to win fro'nh conquests for JOSHS, and to heir to fill tho world with Gospel b!o3singB. Boy. It. SELLOUS moved that tba cordial thanks of tho conforenco bo. precented to tho Hov. Dr. lColynack for tho marked ability with which ho had discharged tho dutios of tho mission secretaryship for tho past flvo years. .Tho resolution was seconded by Mr. P. P. MILLEU, and supported, by Hov. A. . J., Www and Mr. W. H. M'CL ELLAND, and carried by acclamation. Tho Kev. G, Brown.' waa appointed gonoral missionary secretary., .Thanka wero voted to tho goucral treasurers, and vacancies woro filled up, in tho Board of Missions and tino missionary committee of disciplino. MIXIOTKHIAL MATTHUS. It was resolved to furnish Beys. R. W- Orton and W. Ci. Taylor with'?letters of commendation to tho British Conforenco and Mission Ofllco. Hov. W. W. RUTLEDGE brought up tho report of tho committee on tho relation of tho Hove. S. H. M'Dodo and. II. Stewart to tho Supernumerary Fund. Tho report, willi somo amendments,, was adopted... "WEEKLY" ADVOCATE AND EOOIC DEPOT. ? Tho Rev. F. FIRTH road tho bnlanco-sheot und report of tho Weekly Advocate. A discussion ensued on tho gonoral subjoet of tho management and editorship of tho papor. It was rosolvod that for this year tho appointment of editors should bo loft with tho book committee; and it-was inti-; mated that a .co- editor would probably bo appointed in Brisbano, so as to givo tho pnper moro of nn intercolonial chnractcr. It was also stated that tho pnpor had now a larger numbor of subscribers than at any provious timo. Tho Rev. F. FIIITH presented tho bulanoo-shoet of tho Book Depot. ?? Tho report was udoptod, mid thanks wcro presented to the Hov. F. Firth for his services. Tho book committeo for 1887 was appointed, aud, tho . couforonco directed tho book committeo to publish a rogistor of bap- tisms adapted for colonial uso. Circuits woro also recom- mended to provide themselves with a copy of the now circuit schedule book. TF.MVEÙAXCE MATTERS. Tho Conference Committeo on Tomporenco wn3 appointed, Rev. J. A. Bowling convener, lt was. resolved that tho last Sunday in .November bo observed as Temperance Sun- day, and that tho place and manner of tho next conforouco demonstration bo roniitted to tho committeo. . .. NEWINGTON COLLEGE. Tho Rev. J. H. FLETCHER presented tho following re- port of Newington Collogc for 1880,Viz. :-" Somo important points! connected with tho history of our College during tho year aro soon iu tho following extract from tho Head Master's yearly report, presented to tho Council of Manage- ment in October last :-"Tho commencement of tho quarter was marked by several improvements. Two new class- rooms, making eight in nil, bosidos tho schoolroom, of spacious dimensions, und equipped with nil necessary .appli- ances, were opened, thus affording separate accommodation for ovory forin in tho school, with tho oxcoption of tho two lbwost, which can bo taken with ndvnntago in tho school- room, whero thoy nro under tho diroct nuporvision of tho ' Head Master. Attached to ono of tho now rooms is a largo and well-appointed' laboratory, in whioh tho scionco master takes a largo, class in practical cbomistry. Tho dissatisfaction omo'cg . parents ,caused by tho unwieldy sizo. of Ibo . lower classes last half-year has been removed, by subdividing tho socoud form into an upper and "lower form, oach with its sopnrato classroom and-master. AU tho. forms, with tho exception of tho sixth, are now subdivided, tho number iu each hoing about yo." Tho improvement noted by tho headmaster in tho . .foregoingextract is, I havo no doubt,.a wiso ono; hut, involving, ns it did, an outlay of. noarly £000, and tho employment of an additional master, it roducod tho profits io tho credit of tho year to. a nonentity. Wo closed tho year -.vi th 205 scholars, n numbor cqunl to Hint with whioh wo closed tho previous year ; but at tho beginning of 1880 our numbor roso to 284 ; a diminution which, with somo had dobts,.- sufficed to- remind us of tho great wavo of doprossion which was passing over our colony and Queens- land... That wo.suff.orod up moro is a proof-of tho stability whiebjour collogo has attained during tho past 23 years of its existence. I may tako it for granted that tho inembors of tho conforenco am all familiar with tho ublo report of tho headmaster, read at bur -very successful brcaking- up in December last, at whioh .tho Governor, prosidod, giving to tho occasion ti brightness, ned . enthusiasm such as I do not remember on ariy provious occasion. Tho brillinnt honour list compiled by tho hondmaster, I havo reprinted with this report, us it deserves to bo romémborod, both as.a record of tho, past and n stimulant for tho future. " Thoro nro two subjects ubout which ovory friend of our collogo will fool special anxioty, and which this occasion invites mo to montion. Tho first is tho olllcioncy of tho teaching and. tho disciplino throughout tho school; tho secoud is its moral tono and habit. Thoso subjects may bo considered separately, but thoy aro in fact almost iusopar-; able. A low morale in ii school means, generally, lax dis- ciplino and dishonest work; and tho conforenco should, know, in glancing over tho headmaster's honour liGt, that ovory boy .whoso mimo occurs thoro must havo a good re- port for moral .character,, or ho could not Bland thoro. In- subordination, ohoating in class work, repeated complaints of misconduct, or any. stain of. immorality in Bpeech or con- duct, shut tho door against any scholar, how- ever clevor, appearing iu our honour list. But beyond that test, there aro scores of our scholars who, year after year, win a report in which thay stand freo from .all blnmo ofter half-a-year's ordeal. Tho samo qualificntionis essential to tho winner of oar highest honour, tho Schofield Scholarship, which is paid quartorly, on condition of .good behaviour during its temira nt tho University. Our credit ns n church is pledged to tho main- tenance of efficient touching and management throughout tho Behool. Wo cannot afford to tolerate sham or faulty work any wilora. Heneo it is very desirable that tho wholo school should bo oxuniincd every year by soino impartial and abie toachor, as a guarantee of good work throughout tho classes. Tho headmaster: and myself havo of ton directed altontion to thin, and wo shall muko n recommendation to tho council in this diroclion ns soon ns the. opportunity is given us. Tho aggregation of n largo numbor of bovs in n school creaton great possibilities of good and also of evil. Yet? tho sumo thine; must bo said of society in gonoral. Souioty engenders socialovils; and yet hormits havo. not, as a rule, boon moro wholcsonio por.sous thuu tho inmates of £tho average English homo, rich iis it gonorallv is in babos, in dellancoof Malthus and tho domostlc bala'ucn-shoet. Tho morale of a school doponds, first, on tho morale of tho homo from which tho scholars como. . G i vous boys who rovoronco their futhors and worship their 'mothers with ii lover's ardour, and iu tho inmost soul fear tho living God, and you uiuy trust them'anywhere. Noxt in a school must be placod ns a moulding power tho porsonul chariicfer and oxamplo of tho-teachors. And ho is tim best teacher, who with tho smallest amount of punishment keops his scholars best up to tho mark of faithful work, and in himself exemplifies nil tho rules of conduct which jiro exacted from his scholars. Any religious touching thafcan bo given is modified by tho gonoral school atmosphere, as tho rays of light lire modified by clouds and aerial cbomistry and terrestrial shadows boforo thoy toiich tho human oyo. Tho responsibilities connected with tho supervision of a largo school scam to grow heavier tho longor ono is acquainted with them, I have thought that old seamen havo nlwuys a very gravo expression of eye, and I think tho same thing applion to old schoolmasters. Anyone who has studied tho.fneo nf ono of tho -.greatest of moilorn schoolmasters, Dr. Arnold, will understand: whet I moan. Tho highest compensation ono can rocoivo in this world for tho cénselos» anxieties in- volved in tho caro of schoolboys, ol thor ns president, or muster, is found iii tho friendship of our old boys-a frioiid Kjup which- I myself greatly prize-and which hus of ton choored nie during noarly 30 years, in which, «rsl; ns houd mustor and then as president, I-havo boon associated with many hundreds of schoolboys in Now Zealand and iu -V.ua traha. In .conclusion, I will repeal what I said last year, that I hopo Wlwnoy/r boys nro sent to my ciro, who aró members of our o/n Church, or of any other, I univ bo in- formed of it. This hus boen dono in two instances this your to tho groat bonfilit nf tho boys concerned and to my own satis- faction .also./ Tho honour hst was appended to'this report J ho report ^ndoptod. mid on tho motion of tho Roy. G. Limo, soeç.^rÎNbv Mr. P. P. Fletcher, a very hoarty vote .thanW, . \^ 'Sated to tho Rev. J. II. Fletcher for his". . ' /?' \ * \"eiD111 of Ibo »ollogu for tho past "i' l/l _ Vrtf'? - ^.J.-'-A years. It was directed that a suitable resolution should Ix drawn up relative ,to Mr. Fletcher's retirement, to ho in- serted in.the minutes.. - .. .! . . .. .e.-/ 1'hc collogo council was appointed for 1887. 1ÍELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IX. i'URLIC .SCHOOLS. Tho report of tho committeo on tho visitation of public schools for tho purposo of imparting religious instruction was presented. Tho committeo rogrotted that so few schools woro being visited, and recommended ministers to avail theuisolvcs moro lorgely of tho privileges conceded by tho Public Instruction Act. It was also suggested that thu timo lind now arrived for tho employment of paid agents to attend lo this work. , Discussion ensued on tho subject. Tho 'President spoke of tho results attained iu tho Nowcnsllo district by syslo matip visitation of tho Public schools thoro. 'Several speaicors contended earnestly for tho moro. regular ¡md aillaient visitation of schools, whilst others pointed out that, with tho number of ongagemonts pressing on circuit uunistors, it was impossiblo to attend proporly to this work. Alter a long discussion, tho report was aaoptcd. THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTION. . In connection with tho appointment of the Hov. J. H. Fletcher as theological tutor, it was resolved that tho Hov. Dr. Kolynack act ns house govorncr of Newington College. Thanks were prosontcd to tho Hov. J. Oram for tho help ho had rendered in giving a series of lectures to the students during tho year. ? j 