emi¥. London Gossip. (FCOK ocb, oavn cobbespoxdent.) Januauy 21. On first thoughts, jubilees would not appear very common tilings. The 50th anniversary of any e\\*ent seems as though it ought to be a long time coming and proportionately rare. Yet the Queen's Jubilee is only one of many that Avill be celebrated this year. The French Jubilee of railAvays is to have an exhibi tion all to itself iu the Bois de Yincennes. Nine hundred acres have been granted by the Paris muni cipality, and the whole space will be circled Avith a double row of rails. Engines and roiling stock from most of the civilised nations will be exhibited in use. It is to be hoped that the French railways will shoAv some improA-ement after the exhibition. There is plenty of room for it. If our midland third class carriages do not make French third class passengers discontented Avith the cattle-trucks in which they are stoAved, they Avill deserve to travel in them in per petuity. At a dinner-party the other night the discussion turned upon AA-liat is known of BroAArning's forth coming poem. It is called ' Parleyings Avith Cer tain People of Importance in their Day.' Some one volunteered to read the names of the ' Certain People of Importance,' and it was amusing to watch %e faces of the company as the list was rolled out. Some looked as if they AArere on familiar terms with the lots ; others, as if they ought to be, but memory did not serA'e, and others expressed the courage of their ignorance. These latter openly confessed their ignorance and begged for light. Then the collective knowledge was exhibited, and turned out to be a A'ery feeble glimmer indeed. ' Mandeville — Battle of the Bees,' muttered one. ' Oh, yes ; Dutch doctor,' said another, evidently astonished at his information ; ' tried to make out that but for our A'ices we should have no civilisation — kind of ante-Rousseau of 1729.' Some one else kneAv that Bartoli was a Jesuit, and Avrote an account of Francis Xavier's mission to Japan in the 16th cen tury. At the name of Christopher Smart our com- j 'pany looked like the audience at a classical concert ! Avlien a bit of melody is being played. Here was some one everybody knew, at least by name. ' Wrote passages of his version of the Psalms on his knees,' said one; 'Killed himself Avith drink,' added another. We learnt that Frencesco Furini was a painter of nymphs in nudity, and Gerard Lairesse a painter of historical pictures, who ruined himself for the nymphs instead of^painting them* EA'ery one re membered that Bubh Doddine'ton's name was simnlv Bubb, and that some one once suggested that he should call himself Syllabub Doddington, and that he wrote a diary. Our collectiA-e wisdom was soon exhausted ; we sighed for a Macaulay, but there was no one to repre sent him. In his absence, we determined to await the book, and see if out acquaintance with the worthies is increased by its perusal. ? Spirits, in India, are threatened with increased duty, and, as a consequence, the forehanded dealers there are trying to get the start of the revenue. One order alone, amounting to 120 hogsheads of whisky, lias recently been placed with Andrew Usher and Co., an Edinburgh firm. This is belieA'ed to be the largest order for one quality of AA'hisky eA'er placed. I Very few firms would be able to receive the order on ; Saturday and ha\re the goods on board the folloAving ! Wednesday, as was done in this instance. Both the Railway and P. and O. companies admitted the ex ceptional nature of the order' by appointing special trains and special men to carry and attend the nine truckloads and their transfer to the ship. .' I had no intention of expressing any enthusiasm on behalf of the establishment of a vast permanent bazaar. I am not competent to estimate the real | utility of these great shows. What I do see very clearly is that they involve difficulties of site, huge working expenses, the potentiality of endless squabbles, and apparently the cheapening of the [ honour of knighthood.' Thus Avrites Professor j Huxley about the proposed Imperial Institute. What ' he had in his mind when he made his Mansion House speech was something quite different and, as he says, perhaps he has only read it into the documents before the public. He thinks the Prince of Wales and his j adAisers are making a serious effort to meet the dangers ahead of English commerce by systematic 1 instruction and ' organising victory.' I am very much afraid that Mr. Huxley has wished it into the plan as he read it into the documents. There was at least one man who Avas a hero to his valet. Fred. Archer has left £1000 to his servant William Bartholomew, known as Solomon. The estate was sworn' at £66,662 Is. 6d., by no means a large sum for a man of Archer's income and simple wants. It confirms the stories current after his death that he had lost heavily in recent turf speculations. It is surprising that one who had more than a princely income from racing, who could get well behind its scenes, and Avhat is more its players, should not be content with the £25,000 a year at which his income was moderately computed, without risking it in a lottery where those ' in the know ' are as often ' out of the hunt.' The same kind of mania is often to be found in that abode of leArel- headedness, the city. Stockbrokers make large incomes by bujing and selling for clients, and then drop them in personal speculations, notwithstanding all the advantages an expert should have. They make very poor prophets, and their gains arc in the same ratio. According to Mr. Chalmers, who has lately been amongst the cannibals of New Guinea, the man-eaters are a remarkably jolly set of men. They received him everywhere with open arms and not open mouths. They were very fond of hearing him sing, and joined in the chorus of ' Auld Lang Syne ' with great zest, and 'the enthusiasm passed indescribable bounds when the joining of hands took place, and then, all would seek to do the same and imitate their singing with shouting.' Mr. Chalmers evidently felt satis faction and relief that they did not regard this as grace before meat. It certainly bore someresemblance to the Hebrew form of that ceremony. A new play, by the present Alexandre Dumas, has just been produced at the Fran^ais, and is a great success. It might haA'e been called ' What is Sauce for the Goose is not Sauce for the Gander.' The Countess Francillan de Riverolles finds out that her husband is false to her ; she tells him that she will take her reA'enge by being false to him, and accord ingly places herself in an equivocal position. The outraged husband, model of virtue as he is, imme diately prepares a revolver wherewith to kill the perfidious one. Before he can use it he learns that the situation Avas equivocal, but nothing more. He thereupon condescends to forgive. Wondrous magnanimity ! The piece Avould not be by Dumas fils if it did not contain witty aphorisms and pungent sayings. There is a character called Madame Smith, who has a husband in business, seldom sees him, believes all that he tells her, and leaves him full liberty. She says that husbands are like kites — ' the more string you give them the firmer' you hold them.' The magnanimous husband com plains that the world contains so many fools. TTis father replies: 'Yes; and there is generally one more than you reckon.' The Royal Commission on trade depression has done its work much better than I expected, and its report is really interesting reading. It is on the whole much more optimistic than pessimistic. It proves that, though profits are nothing like what they used: to be, yet the general leA'el of wealth is higher, and the capital of the country really increased. In future more stability in the ratio of supply to demand may be expected, with a more regular though re duced rate of profit. It is consoling to learn that incomes of £200 a year have increased 30 per cent, in the last 10 years ; that incomes of less than £2000 have increased 10 per cent. ; but that incomes above £5000; have actually diminished. There is a sort of consolation to be obtained from all this, did one not suspect that the commission obtained its figures from, the income tax returns. In that case it only proves that the additional turns of the screw have been effective. Torquemada himself would have shuddered at being summoned before the modern |nquisitors. EAren the backbone of the British constitution, that bulldog, the small tradesman, fights shy of the assessors after finding that his carefully prepared profit and loss account, supported by a howl of outraged honest poyerty, results simply in increasing his contribution. Torquemada threatened the bodies of his Victims. I doubt if he met with as much subterfuge and equivo cation as do his successors, who attack only the pocket. Modern civilisation holds hard cash dearer than any immortal soul. It certainly is handier. The Russian peasant has a curious way of cele brating the festival of his dead. On a certain day in the year he invites all his dead relations to dinner. Three tables are laid with food and drink — one outside the house, one inthe passage, and one in the dwelling room. He then goes to the churchyard and invites his ghostly relatives. They are supposed to f oIIoav him, and are formally invited to partake of the cheer pro vided at each table. They are Avaited upon by his family, and when he thinks they ought to have done he takes the sheet used for lowering the dead into then- graves and hangs it out of the Avindow for them to descend by, which very powerful hint they alAA'ays take. Then the peasant and his family set to and consume all that the ghosts have left. This is surely , a more cheerful version of the skeleton at the feast and deserves to become popular. To have a full table of relatives, and 'no row,' as Mr. Sparkler observes, would upheave experience, were it not substantiated by the display of the sheet at the window evidently in demonstration of the clean family linen. Miss Amelia Copeland is an American doctor ; Miss Amelia Copeland is also a very clever woman, and can make male medical students look exceedingly small. The other day she mended a Avooden leg Avith a hammer and some nails, and got 25 dollars for her trouble. The students had sent for her to set a broken leg, and when 6he found it was a wooden one she was equal to the emergency,- and the students had to pay the bill. At the children's fancy dress ball given by ' the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress at the Mansion House, much amusement was created by the historic procession, in which 'all the sovereigns of England since the- Conquest, with their wives and, in some cases, then* chief subjects were represented, Joan of Arc and Jack Cade followed amicably behind Henry YI. and his Queen, and Henry VIII. had ali bis wiA'es with him. Queen Bess was attended bjc Mary Queen of Scots and Amy Robsart. For the nonce all . these historic personages were lambs, and sat on the floor after the procession to watch a Punch and Judy show that formed part of the entertainment. The Avorld owes the new Italian singer, Baldini, to Yerdi, Avho was his guest while passing through llovigo. Baldini was a lawyer and had the best business in that line in Rovigo. During the evening that Yerdi spent in his house, he sang several songs for the maestro. ' You have a colossal voice,' said Yerdi ; ' you ought to throw aside all your laAv books and learn to sing.' Baldini folloAved his advice, and made his debut at the Rovigo Theatre. His triumph was complete ; and after the third act a huge Avreath was flung upon the stage, with the inscription : ' From one whom you rescued from imprisonment.' The thrower was, doubtless, the sort of client Mr^ Gilbert had in vie -v when he wrote : ' And many a burglar I've restored to his friends and his relations.' It is not generally known that Gipsy Hill, near the Crystal Palace, was named after an old Monism who lived to be 109, and Avho died in 1740. She Avas a hard smoker, and of very strong tobacco too. She was so very crooked that she had to be buried in ar square box. Perhaps even M. de Lesseps will not boast of a more vigorous octogenarian record than that of the Austrian painter, Frederick Amerling, ?who died last Friday in Ws 86th year. He remained active till ivithin a month of his death. Only two years ago he jet out for a tour in Egypt. He painted ' Dido tbandoned by iEneas ' and ' Moses in the Desert.' kmerling was married four times. His youngest lihild is 12 years old. 