A STRANGE PHENOMENON. The Cradock correspondent of the Adelaid Observer writes on April 29 :-" A mysteriou ghost story comes from near Yanyarrie, abos 17 miles from Cradock, and is creating' ยก sensation here. It appears that at a Lous of a farmer named Hausdorff during the pas several weeks an unaccountable knockini has been heard in various parts of the build ing. On Munday night Mounted-constabl Mitchell, accompanied by Messrs. H. Hay ward and A. J. Graham, proceeded to tb place, determined to thoroughly investigad the matter. It was a dark and lonely drive and the party arrived at the house abou half-past 8, and found the place a pine-and pug tenement on the banks of the Boolouudi Creek, about 30 yards from a waterhole The proprietor had left for Quorn, taking wit! him his wife and a little girl about 7 yean old, who, they thought, had seemed to attract the knocks, as they stated the noises bac almost invariably proceeded from that par! of the house in which the child was at the moment. Two boys, aged about fourteei and nine respectively, were keeping house, and the party, in merry incredulity, ate theil provisions, let the fire go down, and about 9 p.m. blew ont the light, the boys having told them that the " g'iost" appeared soon after the light was extinguished. Within two or three minutes two of the party heard a lon distant sound as of a splash from a heavy stone dropped nita a pool of water, fol- lowed by a footstep, immediately suc- ceeded by a distinct knocking at the out- side of the chimney. Two at once went outside, but could see nothing (it was a very dark night), but heard the knocking on the inside. The knocking was a loud and dis- tinct as an ordinary knock at the door. After a few minutes Mr. Mitchell went outside, and Messrs. Hayward and Graham took his place inside, but to each the knocking appeared to proceed from the other side of the wall. They asked various questions, which were replied to by knocks, and on one of the party asking the knocker to 'knock louder,' the next shook the building. After nearly an hour's duration the noise ceased about 16 p.m., and the party soon after proceeded to * camp' but not to sleep. About 2 a.m., their nerves having become somewhat calmed, they would soon have been asleep, but the same sounds recommenced, and continned till nearly 3 a.m., when the ' supernatural visitant decamped, leaving no trace behind. During the second visit they each went round and round the house in turns, but to no pur- pose, though thc knocking was heard at almost every part, and several times so sharp as to make the building tremble. Many of the neighbenrs and residents of Carrieton attest the reality of the sounds. Of course there are incidental rumours afloat of a shepherd drowned near the spot many years ago and of a flitting form having been observed by people ont at night horse-hunt- ing, but, whatever may be the cause, I have ! it on the authority of Trooper Mitchell that the noises as narrated do occur, and that the performance is weird and eerie in the ex- treme." 