THE LAKE CONDAff ABORIGI- jtNAL STATION. ' " y - Br CAisrodc,: : ' ' Amongst the homes provided by the .Govern ment thronghont the colony lot the protection and comfort of the few remaining representa tives of the native race, the Lake Condah Sta tion occupies tho foremost position, whether extent, intrinsic value, beauty and suitability of location, nnmber of residents, or the whole combined arc taken as the criterion. It is situated in the vicinity of the railway townships of Condah and Heywood, on the Portland and Hamilton lino, about 10 miles distant from oither, and in immediate proximity to an extensive sheet of permanent water known as Lake Condah, from which the mission station derives its name. Lake Condah must not, however, be confounded with the Condah swamp which is now in conrso of reclamation, although to ensure tho success of tho works it has been found necessary to permanently lower tho lake to its summer level, as the latter is fed and maintained by the swamp overflow. Lake Condah was discovered in tho early part of 1841, by Mr. David Edgar, now of -Pine Hills, near Harrow, and Mr. W. Thomson, a brother of the late Mr. Alex, Thomson, of Park Hill, on the W'onnon, when ' hunting for stray cattle from tho Lyne station. In the course of their rambliugs they righted this ex panse of clear water, covered with wild fowl of every description, and encountering n black- fellow they inquired its name. He, evi dently alarmed, misunderstood their question, and imngining they referred to the swans that were so abundant npon its glassy surface re plied Kouduin, and this namo it retained for many years. On some of tho earliest plans is sued by tho Government the name is spelt in this manner, but about 1854 it was altered to Condah by Mr. C. P. Cooke, who, having purchased the adjoining cattle run, made the lake hi3 head quarters, and the alteration has been generally adopted. The aboriginal reserve is bounded by the lake on the east, and contains an area of nearly 4000 acres, of which 1750 are stoney ; bounded by Darlot's Creek, good grazing country for sheep or yonng cattle, and upwards of 2000 acres of good laud, consisting of warm dry bunks surrounding the Whittlcbury swamp, timbered with blackwood nnd gam, thickly grassed, the soil of which is of excellent quality. The swamp was discovered by Mr. D. Edgar some months before Lnko Condah, also when cattle huuting. Ho followed their tracks through the swamp, and froin tho flight of the wild fowl when disturbed was convinced there was open water not far distant, but concluded it was part of tho same morass, and remained under that impression till the subsequent visit already referred to. This swamp, has an area of about 700 acres of splendid soil, which, having been drained, cottUwilh little additional expense be all placed under cultivation if deemed advis able. It would produce luxuriant crop3 of clover, sorghum, rye grass or lucerne, the latter especially, as lime is abundant in close proximity. Tho Whittlebury Creek, chiefly supplied by springs during tbe summer months, runs into'this swamp nt its western extremity, tho water from which would bo vailuable for irrigating purposes, especially for such crops as those already indicated, In the near future this swamp will become particularly valuable, as ihe surface is yearly mellowing, and thereby becoming better fitted for purposes of cultiva tion. If the main drain were fitted with sluice gates at suitable intervals, corresponding with the fall of tho surface, to allow of a. thorough flooding occasionally, the 700 acres would be well worth at least £10 an acre. ' The 2000 acres first granted arc substantially fenced nod sub-divided with post and rail fences and stone walls, and on " the stones" a commencement has been made to close the boundaries with a wall worth quito 20s. per chain. For a long time after its reservation by the Government for its present purpose the reserve was leased for grazing purposes to the adjoin ing ruuliolder. In 1869 the first snperihtein- dent, Mr. .Job Francis, was appointed, "and took possession of tho property, tho majority of the aboriginals who lived in the vicinity requiring small inducement to remove their camps to the reserve; as it was virtually outhcirown ground. But trouble came soon enough, and after a fair trial Mr. Francis "resigned aud took charge- oT a Stale school,, where lie was very much-mote contented,. as throughout his connection with the station it was oho continual series of' worry and vexation, which only those who have had some experience of dealing with the aboriginals on tho ono hand and the Government on the othor. can understand. Successive changes occurred in tlio management, preventing any thing like a systematic nttempt at carry ing ' out much needed improvements, until about 10 years ago, when the present superin tendent, the Eev. J. H. Stable, took charge. Fossessiug a large amount of practical experi ence, an expert handicraftsman, considerate iu his relationship towards his cliurges, combining gentleness aud persuasiveness with the neces sary firmness, and a strict discipliuarian, something like order was soon established. The men were made to understand that he was their .riond, always ready to assist tlicrn according to their varied requirements. The first thing taken in baud was the fencing, nnd it required no little tnct aud patitnee to keep these full- u row u children continuously at work till the boundaries wero closed. True, the working hoars were short and the holidays nnmerous, hut an aboriginal has a decided objection, wbich is somotimes shared by his white brethren, towards anythiug that savors of hard work, and many times they decided to throw' the f.-ncing up, aud wero only restrained by the good management ot the superintendent and the hope of prospective benefits that they were promised should follow ; the same with drain ing the swamp and erecting the buildings, where, if Mr. Stuhle had not duffed his coat and labored with them till the sulky fit subsided, these works would have remained -un finished uutil the present moment. The aborigiatil residents number 97, the adults being stout, lusty fellows, well able to hold their own nnywhere. As cricketers and footballers they enjoy an established reputation — indeed, the abori-. giual team was the only one that defeated the Hamiltou cittb last season — and. in spite of tho phenomenal scoring of the latter last week, aro likely to repeat the drnbbing this season, especially if 'the match is. played at Branx- holme or Condah. The old people are clean, well clad and contented with their lot. No one bos any complaint to make against the manage ment of the station or tho superintendent, but they are very sore at what they consider tho unjust treatment thev experience at the hands of the Aboriginal Board. This will he referred to subsequently. For their accommodation are erected some 18 cottages, forming threo sides of a quad rangle. These are constructed of stone- and timber, containing two or four rooms in eacb, with galvanised iron roofs and pine flooring. They have each a neatly kept garden plot, tbe fencing of which needs renewal; for this pur pose a small expenditure will be necessary to procure some sawn hard wood, as it would detract very much from tlie general appearance of neatness by which tbev aro characterised if saplings or rough bush timber were used. No doubt the hoard .nt once voted the necessary amount after the recent visit of their inspector. As an evidcnco of the economical systeur under which the whole of the improvements have been carried oat, these cottages, which 1 believe on some if not all the other stations would have been provided by white labor, -wero here erected at an average cost of £35 each, and are worth double the money ; this low cost was accomplished by the blacks them selves, with theassistanceoftheirsnperintendent, : performing the whole of the work, with -the exception of the actual building, for which the semces of a white tradesman were obtained. \- boildmgt ue occupied by tho mamed couples and their families, are well and com fortably fnrnished and, as far as tidiness and general " "cI«,an'lineSs'"ate concerned,' will Com pare very favorably with 'those of theth '"white neighbors/ The fhmitnre lias, -in the majority of cases, been' acquired from the priso fund established by the central board for the ertron- ragement of habits of personal neatness ' and well kept homesteads ; and a visitor can, when inspecting tho cottages, which he is expected to do before leaving, make the hearts of the dusky housemothers rejoice by a few well chosen remarks in recognition of their matronly skill in this direction, Tbe schoolhouse, which in the early days of the settlement also did dnty as a chnrch, is now rented by the Educa tion department for a State school. At the date of my visit it was holiday time, and the teacher, Mr. Dnnstan, was absent, so there was no opportunity of seeing the scholars at work. There is -An average attendance of 36, and as there is little fluctuation arising through non-attendance it is not surprising to find the inspectors' reports favorable and the percent age of results very high. On a previous visit some three years ago I found that the several classes iii this school wonld more than hold their own with any other school in tho dis trict, and there has. been no retrogression, I am informed, since. A large bine stone building, facing the mission house, is utilised as a general store and snrgcry. It contains a large and well assorted stock of groceries and softgoods, and the board are to be commended for the attention evidently paid to ihe quality and ex cellence of tho articles provided. As the superintendent justly remarks, " as the abori ginals advance in civilisation, their wants and requirements increase accordingly," and.onthis station the fact is kept in view, and instead of coarse, sombre colored Pentridgo made dresses for the women, neat and attractive patterns are supplied, and the same with other requisites. The latest styles are pro vided, whicli is a source of much gratification to those most nearly concerned. " In the surgery a largo and useful supply of simple medicines are kept, which in all slight cases are prescribed and prepared by the superintendent, whoso experience in these matters was gained during the Franco-Prussian war, during tho continuance of which ho was connected with the ambulance department ; bnt when any serious cases require treatment the services of Dr. Brewer, from Portland, are brought into requisition. Then there is the dormitory where the orphans are lodged, another large comfortable build- ing, where some half dozen jnnngters are cared for by a married couple, both pure aboriginals. The' appearance of the children renders any inquiry us to their welfare unneces sary, for as one saunters quietly around tho quadrangle they are discovered in eompnny with others of largor growth, enjoying a game of cricket, being Saturday afternoon, nnd all hands enjoying the holiday, more especially as the rain of the previous evening had relieved them from all anxiety about the bush fires which at one timo threatened to devastate the reserve. But the finest structure is undoubtedly tho new church, a handsome Gothic bluo stone building, 65 feet , long by 24 in width, tower included, which could not have been erected much under £1000 if outside labor had been employed ; but with this, as with all other improvements on the property, the labor of the aboriginals Iras been utilised to the fullest extent, the mason being tho only outside assistant found necessary. It is provided with three handsome stnined chancel windows, eight side lights, and the seats of clear pine are neat aud comfortahle, with reading desks to' match. The chancel is. furnished with beautifully carved chairs and communion .table, and two handsome' lamps with brazen stands. The arched roof is finished in the ancient eccle siastical style so often met with. in old con vents and cathedrals. The seating accommo dation provides for 150, though on special occasions two hundred have been accommodated without much trouble. The choir, composed entirely of aboriginals, is famed for its excellence, and has at different periods visited tho principal centres of the colony for the purpose of raising the necessary funds for the purchase of an organ and assist ing in the erection of the church. The organ, a Smith cabinet, of sweet tone, consequently possesses the additional attraction ,to the choristers of having been provided by their own exertions.' Lovers . ot sacred music at tending the services in .the chiirch, to which all are Cordially welcomed, are invariably charmed with'the manner in;wluch.the musical portions are 'rendered, nnd: when the fonndatiou stone wns laid by Bishop Moorhonse, and again, when the chnrch was opened by Bishop Thorn ton in March 1885, special services were held, when the choir excelled themselves, and received high commendations from their distinguished visitors. It is to he re gretted that: the state of the finances would not allow of the completion of the church spire, nnd a grand opportunity is thus presented to wealthy churchmen of doing an acceptable ser vice by presenting iho superintendent with the necessury. funds to complete the building accord ing to plan, as until these are supplied tbe church will lack its most striking feature. Tlie.mission house is prettily situated upon the western bank of Darlot's Creek, wbich stream forms the natural boundary of the " stones." From its position on tho slope, .and the. rapid growth of the ornamental trees with which it is surrounded, it can only be seen'to advantage from certain angles in the quadrangle, and from thence the aspect is cheerful and homelike. Here tbe library is located, containing, a large and varied collection of instructive and entertaining reading matter, which is in great request, the books of travel being most in demand. The volumes, many of them though long in use, are in excellent condition, the readers evidently tak ing morecaro of them than might reasonably be expected.. The fruit nnd vegetable garden is large and productive, the former especially, the. soil and climate being particularly favorable for fruit growing. The lower portion of the orchard has only been planted during tho last four years, and tho apple, pear and plum trees aro each heavily laden and particularly healthy. Small frnits, such as raspberries and currants, also bear abundantly, indicating a profitable utilisation iu tho future of the frontages to the creek when a fair price is obtainable for well grown fruit as for flavor, color and general excel lence, the fruit now on the trees cannot be surpassed, even in the Castlemaine district. As affording some evidence of the satisfactorv character of the discipline enforced and the moral tone of the establishment, tho fruit garden supplies a severe test. It is surrounded with an ordinnry paling fence, with unlocked gates, by which entrance could be effected by any one so disposed without the least risk of detection. ' The trees, laden with fruit, stand within reach, yet pilfering is unknown. 'If it were otherwise it wonld occasion "no surprise, nnd certainly not be considered eridenco of un- nsdal depravity, as most readers will, without any undue effort of memory, he able to recall cases in point, in which they were concerned, where an orchard under similar conditions wonld not stand a ghost of a chance for a single night. Some years ago arrowroot was grown and manufactured, bnt from a variety of canses its cultivation was . discontinued. A supply of plants was, however, kept on hand, and these just now occupy a considerable space in the garden, and will, when opportunity offers, be planted out and the manufacture again given a trial, althongh Mr. Stable is not at all san guine of the success of the experiment, as tho process is slow and costly. Probably there may be a deficiency in the organic constitntion of the balbs through imperfect cultivation or unsuitable soil. . This was the case with the hops, which were grown for some few seasons. Thi varieties -were ill-chosen, and the sitO- of the garden objectionable. Their cultivation was abandoned, bat may at any time be re established with- every probability of success as > fu as production is ceacemel but th Krieui depression in values for this stspls offers littlo inducement for its recommencement. Trce-„ ; planting.' Sii-tho midst of this- forest. country his not been neglected, to. the. decided advan tage of tfieprbperty. Tlio school house is well sheltered" from the heat of tho summer's sun by a well-grown copse of elms, whilo thriving rows of pimts insignts are rapidly forming a breakwind for the protection of the whole settlement from the west and sonth- westerly winds. Tho cultivated land averages each year about 20 acres— hay and potatoes being tho main crops grown for homo me. The whole pro perty is abundantly watered by permanent springs and creeks — Darlot's Creek almost de serving the name of a river before its junction with the sea, as it is wide, deep and well stocked with fish of varions descriptions In the immediato vicinity of tho mission station the creek scenery is of tho most romantic character — moss covered rocks, pellucid streams, banks lined with rare ferns aud bosky dells combine to extort the admiration of the visitor ; and nndcrsuch conditions Ft is not surprising that this spot should be a favorite resort for picnic parties, who may depend upon n hearty welcome from the superintendent, -The. water for the requirements, of tho ab originals was till very recently carried from a spring on the side of an adjacent hill, bnt a large cemented underground tank has been con structed at the rear of the new church, tho right to use tho water of which was handed over to the people by Mr. Stable «9 a New Year's gift. The mission house is supplied from a smaller tank more conveniently situated. Tho stock consists. of 1200 merino sheep, 60 head of cattle and 14 horses, one of whicli is a very ascftil stallion, presented to the blocks by Mr. A. Arden, of Claude Lorraine. Tlio stock all do well, but crossbred sheep would be much more profitable than merinos, as they wonld here fatten to very heavy weights," and not be so troublesome from footrot ns tho merinos. The shearing was performed by. tho blacks themselves, the old hop kiln being renovated for the purpose. Tho wool was sold in Melbourne and realised a gross sum of over £300. From th8 foregoing description it will be gathered that tbe Aboriginal Board are pos sessed of a magnificent property, yearly in creasing in value, aud hitherto at very littlo cost to themselves in proportion to the nature and value of the improvements effected. In this respect the Condah station stands ont in marked contrast to some others under the hoard's management that conld be named. But from a long conversation with the aboriginals, many of whom I have known for the last 20 years, it appears very doubtful if this satisfactory state of affairs (from the hoard's stand: point) will continue much longer, if a radical change is not made "in the board's method of dealing with these stations. Under present conditions the men here decline to work any longer, and I con fess my sympathies ore entirely with them. Their case stated briefly is as follows :— That they were induced to undertake the im provement of tho reserve on tbe understanding that they were to benefit thereby, and imme diately an income was derived from Ihe pro perty, after the current expenses were defrayed, tho balance wonld ho available for distribution amongst them in tlie shape of wages ; and the mission station at Bamayhnck in Gippsland was indicated to them as a case in point. Under this stimnlns they worked on year after year, with what result let the present state of the station as corapnred with its condition 10 years ago attest. But tho promise made them of ultimate benefit to -themselves- has nerer been, rcdeemod,' nnd recently so discouraged. had they become that they declined - to work-any longer without some definito understanding as to the intentions ;.of - the' "Aboriginal Board. They interviewed tho superintendent, in whom they have every confidence, and who has been untiring in his endeavors to havo their labors recognised, and put tho question to him, Why should we work quarrying, draining, and fencing every day, improving the station, and derive no benefit from onr labor?" The board is allowed a certain sum from tho Government to provide us with food and cloth ing without any necessity for us to work ; and if we are always to be treated so, we wonld be better off knocking about- the conntry, where wages for our labor wonld be always obtain able ,' why 'should we not be fronted onthe'same lines-'as tho blacks on Bamayhuek ? -In addi tion to this they complain that both "sheep nnd cattle, together with their ' increase that' were presented to them .by friends, have been sold by the board against their wish, and the proceeds . returned, although, while running on the property, they wero used for rations, nnd the returns from the wool ex pended in defraying current expenses. Re peated application has been made to the board for restitution without avail, and recently a de mand has been made by the hoard that the whole of the proceeds of the present season's clip of wcol, amounting to some £309, shall be at once transmitted to Melbourne. This money is now lying in the bank in Portland, any delay in transmission arising from a desire on tho part of the superintendent, whose bond tides is beyond suspicion, to have the un doubted claims of the blacks recognised and settled, and in this desire he has the hearty sympathy of all who havo any knowledge of the particulars of the case. The recent published reports of the proceedings of tho board meetings exhibit n singular lack of business capacity ; and where the interests are so valuable aud varied, it is of the lust importance that tho management should be characterised by equity and nniformity, as under no other conditions can a satisfactory result bo attained or ovcu hoped for. Considering the large amount of leisure at the disposal ot the board's inspector, Oaptain Page (whose reports upon the Condah station havo invariably been couched in the highest terms), there is no reason apparent why this difficulty should not at once bo concluded upon mutually satisfactory conditions, aud to this gentleman's attention those remarks are commended. 