THE POLITICAL OUTLAWS RECALLED. (fbom the bulletin.) New South Wales learns political lessons slowly and forgets them soon. The lessons taught dur ing 1879-82 had a strong bearing on the faults and follies of Sir Henry Parkes as a Premier, and when that long and expensive course of study concluded, the voters of the whole colony proved at the ballot-boxes that their education had not been in vain. Parkes in that memorable Decem ber week went down before his hustings op ponents, of whom M'Elhone was one, amid the opprobrium and reproaches of East Sydney; he came forward to speak after the declaration of the poll and a tempest of execration emphasised the verdict of the ballot. And nearly all who supported him met a similar fate. Dr. Renwick was scornfully rejected at East Sydney, and again defeated at Tumut ; John Davies was expelled from South Sydney, and still more ignominiously beaten at Kiama ; Water- Jug Foster met the re ward of his dreary mediocrity and slavish Parkes worship at Newtown; James Watson was defeated in his own pocket-borough, and went to Illawarra, only to get a second and still more pronounced licking ; G. A. Lloyd, Henson, Roseby, Kidd, and others of the 'Kiama Ghost' party were kicked out of their several electorates by the enthusiasti cally vengeful voters, and the Parkes party, headed by their leader, who crept in through Tenterfield as ' the honourable member for Whereat,' entered the Parliament of 1883 as a nrmt,pmnt,ible and hor-elesslv beaten minority. The extravagance of the Parkes party in office, the shadow of Garbett's North Shore bridge, the tyranny and insolence of their leader, were all reasons sufficient to make the electors arise in wrath and overthrow the cabal that had wrought such evil in the land. But there was another reason more important than all these. New South Wales had learnt that sectarian strire was the very breath of life to Sir Henry Parkes ; to promote that strife he had borrowed a phrase from 'cut- throat Castlereagh,' he had pub lished his desire to establish and maintain a ' Pro testant ascendency' in the land ; it was this continuous parade of the Kiama Ghost which kept him in power, and it was for that same parading that the East Sydney electors made him rank beneath John M'Elhone at the poll. Throughout that Parliament and the next, Parkes could rarely count more than one-third of ?*.'Urt 1Tn«r.A rtn 4-.1-1Q Or»T*»n-ai4:Jnn l^arml-ioa anrl PVAT1 then this meagre following included such men as Holborow, Henson, Abigail, and other conspicuous incompetents of the ' Protestant Ascendency' gang. Despite the sins of the successive weak and occasionally corrupt ministries which have since 1882 pretended to reign, Parkes could never get anything approaching a majority. Cabinets fell to pieces from sheer weakness, yet Parkes was never able to strike a blow to hasten their dis solution ; and when at last, for sheer want of anyone else, Lord Carrington sent for Sir Henry, a promise of dissolution of Parliament was a neces sary corollary of the Premier's commission. 