JOHN NEEDHAM’S DOUBLE. CHAPTER XI.— (CONTINUED.) A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT, BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of “CLNTIE," “CRUEL LONDON "TUREE RECRUITS,"&C.;, "Your own, “DICK." Mary Atkinson, the parlor maid, was then called. If you have been present at serious trials for minder, or at equally painful in [?], you must have noticed on the part of (he spectators a tendency to be amused. It j,”aV if the mind, weighted with the tragic story, sonant relief in the merest suggestion of emiiah\ The clever dramatist, dealing nith a pathetic situation, understands this veil, and seeks to give his audience the ii;lick relief of an excuse for laughter. Mary Atkinson came upon the scene at Hampstead v,-it'ii the reputation of a humorist. She iial. according to the butler, a habit of de- Feribim: people whom she did not quite un derstand as being “ mad as a hatter.” Mary v.as an intelligent bright-looking young woman, with a snub nose and a showy bon net: ami she was received with a general smile of approval. She related with minute ilctail a particular interview she bad bad with her late master on the afternoon of his death. “ And you said he was mad f ’ “Yes, sir. I beg his pardon. (Laughter.) “ Why did you think he was mad V” “ It was such a hodd thing for him to ask me.” To ask you what ‘r '■ If l ; d ever been to the Opera ?” “ Ami so yon thought he was mad because lie asked you if you had ever been to the Opera “ Well, sir, I did—r beg his pardon.” (Laughter.) “ Don't beg Ills pardon, poor gentleman; he is beyond that. Audi must request the nliici-r to clear the court if there is any more laughter.” ‘•Yes, sir. I'm very sorry. I wasn't laughing, and it's no laughing matter for me, losinj a good place and a good master.” Ami here s.he began to cry. “ There, there, that will do,” said the cnroikr. “ Pray control your feelings. Was theie anything peculiar in Air Needtiam's manner that should lead you to think he was not hi his right mind?” "Mo more than what I have said, as it seemed so curious he should ask me if IYI ever been to the Opera.” "Oh, yes,-ves; we've heard that before, thutghtcr.) I mean in his appearance or in his numioir “ Mo, sir, I can't say as there was. But to say as he would give me and the others tr.-kels, and he should see us there was something so odd—l beg his pardon.” (Laughter.) " \ cry well. That will do.” sir; thank you, sir,” said Mary, retiring into a corner to he upbraided by the cook lor making a fool of herself, “ and miking all of us look as silly as you are.” limn came the evidence of Mr Nolan. He (ic-icrineil his visit to Air Needham on Satur (!:,y morning. He had received a telegraphic tucisage from Dublin relating to some fiuau ird business, which, he thought it desirable •dr Meeliiam should see. Air Needham was ;n un.mcial dinictiUies far more serious than i:e, bis solicitor, had contemplated, although coiui'is enough to give him great anxiety. 1L- Maud Mr Needham not in bis usual state 0: beilth, but depressed; looking very weary •uri lireo, yet full of intellectual and mental ve em-ce. lie shouldn't say that lie ex- Imiit-M tne Slightest tokens of insanity. It ",u not his intention to stay and breakfast Vu:i A,i- M'ccdliam, but be remained, and bin talked over a great many- business natters ill relation both to the London and me Dublin banks, and to some questions of lantgages and other securities. He left Air "V 11,1111 about half-past It in the afternoon, “Vi that was Hie last time lie saw him iu!VC. llcniy -Needham, brother of the deceased, a u cue evidence ot an unimportant cliar 11-"-'; 1 with tin: exception of the' production cl tae ietti.r with which the reader i.s already' ■ ;l"-unlo . 1 he witness was very much w cciel during the reading of tlio letter, ’■’i' onciMir twice was so very much over ( "A 1 "'T l |C Paused and turned away his a I'l o wipe .the tears from bis eyes. The 'd'-i'c-i in the court was ample evidence w iiic d.-ep sympathy that was felt for the -mc-s and other members of his familv. , , ,;'? u ,lf the lirm of Hides, Grant, „ solicitors, Lombard "street, de paetl tlir.t on the morning of Friday preeed i-VKi ' , b .’ *' llu dcca.-ed, John Needham, \- 1 -' iip.ia him ami asked for financial as ■mil.ce 1,1 the interests of the Needham j iu >n,oCu Ikuik, showed him some tele*rra ”l p-'V-'cs lie had leceived from Dublin on wt- su.jjcct of their wants, proposed several '--‘C'.iieslorwitncss consideration in regard to £ ,u? ,U ?' ,Cy ' ;lnd aftsrhe (Horace Hyles) , i"' n llle y v, ' ere ll<J t such schemes as iie . rc v'Jmmend or adopt, Needham grew . ,ilU(l claimed “Great God ! Hi ,1 f ; f ' l,ls ’ fc P ll be *»y fault, and the oFe» «'• • ' !u . a ." lm l s -’ He walked about the v.ltar.' i .“‘f h: l u .' <l to ids head, and urged virv f,°;-. LJ ii 1C . ffaj'ad not been on tii'io '* n * J eiins "'ith Xeedham for some c V t 0 . t,!is interview, on ac a in money 1 , a 1110111,1 ljsfore i' is deatli hD ;V ml) =^ and thut a security Needham '■iwv-v fo?r> 't .T, n ''' hicll hu ha ' l found viiGr-.l rlsll ba nk liad not been re ted‘-tcriiii''V+ te i l " c ? d * uun left on Friday ivas 1 1 ' r ha ? “ "Stored. There fUiBM th A.* WtT h 'V* !“ XCeai ‘ am ’ S ev t „c i, “ v‘t t,le '’auk was on the i'l (vAmi T - Bluin - tile conversation ' 'uentioned this security to diai.'. I ,";’’ i ar,d tl,ere was something so .!!., • 1 ma . nn « r , ho (witness) had a v:„, thllt there was something I«'vvw t! ’ i iJ , 0 ’ the! ' efol ' e > S0!lt Ids in, thin ,; le dc !‘? t 0 On arriv itivua'M 1 : ” as n V‘ lo »sS i« discovering tiiat b.- a dec,\e c secul % purported to iu die FuminT 1 °‘i t - C P uroluse of an estate bv r EUIteS Co,u ' fc ‘- was witoe -f 1 - 2 and two hie rv f not a single simia- Wa'reaPlT-s ( S a»satwn in court) It Citii-t at f -iehe 1 I^l,CUin,, e>'ed Estates doaijt it hid i , tU a 11 ’ l Ht thci ' c "'as no uU,t,c lul ' i En from some 1,u12j Scedham’f 1 l l ( ' vitness ) attri aWih? deatU I , to the excite keev.-le,te t IVI ia ' n Bank 1111(1 to l»i® «n,l thifdetd L "'as about to ’i’.’ii. 'l't-p.-p 61 to Dublin for registra rs. bit be r' C rn, »°» 111 other for- no .other "forged deeds hall" flo. ,3a '’ erill of Mr Need ‘iu-ougi, liis hinds +° ” tui ‘ e lo tillle passed money unonF pers ? ns who had ad ey upou tuen b but he (witness) had uo reason to believe that any one of them was not genuine. He did not think anybody enjoyed the deceased’s confidence. Mr Needham was a very reticent man; it was difficult to get any information from him beyond what he chose to impart. He should think Mr Sadler had written the letter? pro duced under great excitement, and he be lieved that some of the statements in them were not correct. There was then a long discussion between the coroner and the witness as to what it was proper to disclose in regard to the deceased’s affairs, what might be known and what might not; and the witness mentioned several circumstances indicating the serious financial difficulties in which Mr Needham was in volved. The inquest was then adjourned until Thursday when fresh evidence of a long and voluminous character was given, and other private letters were produced, and the corres pondence in the 7 lines was mentioned in terms anything but complimentary to Mr Green. The coroner also deprecated the fact that several public journals had discussed Mr Green’s remarkable statement that he had seen the deceased and spoken to him- at Liverpool on the Sunday, when it was a fact beyond all manner of doubt that the un fortunate gentleman was lying dead at the Hampstead Workhouse. It was not his business to reply to these things, but he thought it a pity that a member of Par liament should give his countenance to the new so-called spiritualistic- craze which was the revival of an old delusion much more worthy of the Dark Ages than the present. As for the journal which threw out the suggestion that the unfortunate de ceased had procured the corpse of some other person to represent his own, and thus com plete his villiauies by carrying off a large sum of money and getting away to some other country, he thought it a mistake for the writer of that article to waste his imagi native powers upon a mere newspaper, in stead of writing stories for the London Jour nal, or compiling dramas for the transpontine stage. No man, he believed, more than himself appreciated and valued the freedom of the press, but in this matter he confessed he thought both editors and correspondents had outstripped the line which divides liberty from license. Passing from this feature of the case to the closing of the painful business before the jury, lie summed up the evidence with great care, dwelling at some length upon the rights of the Crown in reference to any property the deceased might have left, and in antici pation of the jury finding a verdict of Jclo de se. In ordinary cases, he said, so far as he could see there was not, unfortunately —and he regretted to say it—any evidence to show that the deceased was not perfectly sane when he arranged to take his own life and did take it. The only suggestion to his mind, even of eccentricity in the matter, was that he should drive himself up to the spot where he was discovered. This was no doubt a strange thing to do. Nevertheless, it was clearly by forethought and design. On the day when he felt that Bylcs, Grant and Byles would, within 21 hours have dis covered the secret of his forgeries, ho had resolved to commit suicide, purchasing the drugs for the purpose, sending his two men servants into the country, writing his last letters, and making other careful and intelli gent arrangements to close his earthly career. It had been suggested that Hamp stead Heath was a favorite resort of the deceased, and that he had frequently been seen talking and driving there, walk ing, more particularly during the last two weeks, about tiie Heath behind Jack Straw’s Castle and near the spot where his body was found. He must repeat it was a curious thing that he should get his servants out of the way, for that was evidently the intention of the Opera and the suppers, himself putting his horse into his carriage, sitting upon the box and driving it, evidently late at night and possibly through a storm of rain and thunder to Hampstead Heath. That was the only indi cation in the entire story that could warrant even a thought of insanity: but this was overbalanced tremendously in his estimation by the other facts of the case. With these suggestions and instructions he left the ver dictfin the hands of the jury, and thanked them on behalf, of himself and all concerned for their patient attention to the painful details of one of the saddest eases that had come under his attention for many years. The jury, after a short deliberation, gave a verdict of /do de se, which it was generally understood- meant a midnight burial with something worse than maimed rights; but in this ease the body had been previously removed to the deceased’s residence in Port land place, and on the fifth day after death it was interred at Kensal Green in the pre sence of a few private friends and relatives, the service being conducted by a Homan Catholic priest, to whom John Needham had professed to confess his sins, but of whose existence the real deceased had had no more knowledge in life than he had in death. And in due course there was writteu on a black and silver plate over the remains of Joseph Norbury, the dishonored name of John Needham. Meanwhile a strange instinct of fear and mistrust in re gard to her brother's welfare took possession of the mind of Kate Norbury. CHAPTER' XII.—A Bcxdli: ok Lktxeks axi> Ta.rr.uAMs which maxes this Ti:.\\(.ic Stokv to ax Esn. From Joseph Sorhury, Lirerpool, lo Miss Kale Sorhury, Wyedale. “ Arrived here safe and well—much better than when left home. Go on board Ocean Queen first thing in the morning. God bless you. Hope Aunt Dorothy is quite well. Best love.” From Kale Sorhury to Joseph Sorhury. “ Love and congratulations on your im proved health. Fair weather, a pleasant voyage, and a quick and safe return. Aunt Dorothy joins with mo and Dick in best wishes and God-speed.” From J"-‘ ph Sorhury to Kale Sorhury. “Good bye my dear sister, just off on the tug to Ocean Queen, wiil write from New York, write to me at New York hotel, best love to all.” These three telegrams demonstrate the completeness of John Needham’s escape, and the safe beginning of his new career in the assumed character of Joseph Norbury. Monday’s newspapers, however, had a great shock for Kate Norbury, in the report of John Needham’s suicide. This was the one acquaintance Joe had made in London, and they were so much alike in appearance that he had writteu and described the odd cir cumstances of their meeting. The affair disturbed Kate a good deal; but Aunt Dorothy calmed her with affectionate advice and wise comments npou the proverb that “truth is stranger than fiction.” On Tues day night, however, when Kate read that Mr Green, M.P., had seen John Needham on the platform of the Liverpool railway station, a strange sense of fear and alarm took possession of her, aud the following telegram passed between her and Dick:— From Miss Sorhury to Richard Woodeilk, Manchester. “Please come to Wyedale at once, Aunt Dorothy and myself are anxious to confer with you on an important matter.” From Richard Woodeilk lo Miss Sorhury. “ I shall catch the mail and be with you before eleven.” F'rom Richard Woodville to Horace I Food, of Wyedale, at the Cottage, Richmond Bridge. “At what hour did you see Mr Joseph Norbury on Saturday, and when did you leave him ? Please reply at once.” Wood lo Woodrille. “ Dined with him at six, New Hunnnnm’s hotel; left him at nine; why do you ask ?” Woodeilk to Wood. “ Did he mention Needham to you in your conversation, aud do you know where he went after dinner ? Aud if you do not, please go to the hotel and telegraph at once the hour he went out, wheu ho returned, and what he did. Kate is disturbed for some reason.about him.” Wood, Stir Hummnm's Ilotd, London, lo Woodeilk, Wyedale. “ Am staying here to-night; return to morrow. Joseph did not mention Needham to me. The porter says he went out at about 9 o’clock, smoking a cigar, that he returned at about half-past 1, said he had been into the country, aud had lost the local train, seemed in good spirits, was called in the morning at 7, had breakfast, paid his bill, aud left by 10 train for Liverpool.” Woodrille to II r ood. “ Don’t come down; I will come up—wait for me.” Dick arrived in London on Wednesday night, read the evidence given at the opening of the inquest, conferred with Lawyer Wood, talked with the porter, and on the next day asked to see the body of the suicide. The shell had been screwed down, but through the influence of Mr Wood, tlie coroner gave the necessary order to remove the lid. Decomposition had set in, but the face bad not much changed, and Woodville was shocked at this resemblance to his friend. Later iii the da}' lie had an interview with Air Wilfred Green, the member for Har wood, who stated that the gentleman lie met at Liverpool said lie was Joseph Norbury. From Richard Woodville, New Bum mum's, London, to Miss Norbury, Wyedale. “My Dear lvate,, —I have done as you de sired in all things, and come to the conclu sion that dear Joe is ail right. The coinci dences which have made such an impression upon you would have ouly amused you had not this miserable man committed suicide. It was the shock of his death coming upon Joe’s mention of him that set you thinking of the tragic possibilities you have imagined. Then that old fool Green (his constituents were Green when they elected him) not taking the trouble in his letter to the 1 imes to say that the stranger give bis name and that it was Norbury; lie did not do this be cause be wanted to make out that lie bad really seen a ghost—the idiot; but now that lie has been chaffed and people say the whole thing was an invention ho is very glad to have it shown that lie really did see somebody, and that the stranger was very much like Needham. A pompous old ass this Green, with a great wide straggling forehead, goggle eyes, and a very self-assertive manner. I cau quite understand Joe snubbing him—it was just like Joe to do so. “ The adjourned inquest takes place to morrow, but there are no new facts. The body was fully identified, and there does not seem to me a single suggestion, my dear Kate, to bear out your alarming .fancy that Needham had killed our dear Joe and escaped in his clothes, etc. My dear child, it is only a bad dream. I saw the body this morning. It startled me for a moment, it was like him but stouter and taller; and—well, thank God it was not onr dear, great-hearted Joe. Fur thermore I found at the hotel that Joe had left sonie money in charge of the landlady; that part of his luggage was in the baggage room, and that when lie paid his bill lie for got none of these things. I tried for the time to think myself a detective acting upon “ in formation he had received,” and following up your theory; but it would not work, thank gooilness, and \Vood, who loaves to-night, will tell von so and give you the comfort of our united opinions to this effect. Besides, as 1 said before, Joe’s telegram from Liver pool, mentioning Aunt Dorothy, shows that he was not Needham or Needham’s ghost in masquerade. No, no, my darling Kate, you” Tare not -well. Joe’s going has troubled you the shook of this man’s death, following as I have said before on Joe’s genial mention of him; and the sensational novels yon have been reading lately; these arc the causes of your morbid thoughts. Forgive me for saying morbid. The truth is you are lonely and fanciful; so, also, ain I; and the best thing for both of us is to get married. Wliat do you say now- to this proposal—a honeymoon trip to New York! Won’t that benefit you? Then you cau tell Joe yourself what a dear silly goose you are, and what a wildgoose chase you sent me on to this great, busy, God-forsaken city, when I would have much preferred a day's fishing in the Wye, a ramble with you, and an evening’s whist with Aunt Dorothy at double dummy. Well, shall it he as X suggest, and to New York for onr honey moon? “ Your devoted and ever affectionate, “Dick.” Thereupon followed in quick succession the following telegrams:— From Miss Norbury to Richard Woodville- Yes.” From Richard Woodcillc to Miss Norbury. “ Do you really mean it.” From Miss Norbury to Richard Woodville. “ I never was more in earnest. Wait for letter which I am now writing, and then ooine to Wyedale with all speed.” From Richard Woodville to Miss Norbury. “ L wait impatiently, and I write mean while, so that onr letters will cross.” These are the letters that crossed:— “My dearest Kate, —Your telegram fills me with alarm and with joy, and 1 should not he the honest Dick I hope I am if I did not say that joy is in the ascendant. We shall he two happy people, because we can make sacrifices for eaeli other. Our love has nothing of selfishness in it, and while we have postponed our mairiago for the sake of others, we are now, it seems, to hurry it on because we both love our dear Joe, and you are miserable in his absence. Well, so am I, so far as it is possible for a man to he miserable under the circum stances. You have "ot some strange fancy into your dear little head about Joe, and will not he satisfied without following him to New York. I take you at your word, and shall write to Manchester by this post to fix my vacation, and I am glad to say-my partners can well atford to let me go. Busi ness has prospered with us, and the future is even more hopeful than our most sanguine expections. .So, sweet Kate, my dear love aud friend, we will become Mr and -Mrs Richard Woodville as quick as tiie law and the church will let us, and then ‘flail Columbia.’ The hours are weeks until I get your letter in tiie morning, my dear, dear Kate. “Love to Aunt Dorothy, and a heap of kisses for you—one of which you can transfer to A. D., hut only one. ( 7o be concluded in our next.) 