Brevities. Pay the printer. Wasn't it windy and dusty? Foresters meet Tuesday night. Druids meet Wednesday night. Concert at Rooty Hill to-night. Plenty of court work this week. Flower show a brilliant success. Eight hour Day on Monday next. Guild quadrille party on Monday night. Sons of Temperance meet Monday night. Peoples' concert to-night at the Temper- ance Hall. Sharp frost last Thursday. The last of the season. Auction sale at Fern Hill, Mulgoa on Friday next. "By Cripes" run over a ghost near Glen- brook on Tuesday night Grand concert at St. Marys on Saturday next. See advertisement. Thirteen cases of smallpox are reported from Launceston, Tasmania. The new Land Bill is to be introduced . in to the Assembly next week. Look out for Learmont & Co's prize draw- ing, free. Tickets to customers. Some important. silver discoveries have been made in the Northern Territory. Mr. W. M'Millan, M.P., has been elected president of the Freetrade Association. A Chinaman went to all the pubs at St. Marys, last Sunday, asking for blandy. Monday next has been proclaimed a pub- lic holiday in the county of Cumberland. Miss Amy Johns' benefit at St. Marys on Tuesday night, should be a brilliant success. A Horticultural Society Should be estab- lished in Penrith. Plenty of time for another show. It is rumored that Mr. Abbott is about to form a third party in the Legislative As- sembly. The Government is considering the ques- tion of the establishment of a reformatory for boys. Rev. Arthur Christian Corlette has been appointed by the Primate to the new parish of South Greek. "I bow my head," he said, "before your Worships; pray do not lecture us, it is growing monotonous." Report of Miss Amy Johns benefit at Penrith last Friday night, crowded out this issue. Will appear next. Prizes of £50 and £25 are offered by the Victorian Government for the best irrigation farm and the boat irrigated crops of 12a. Entries for the various events in connec- tion with the Progress Association handi- caps close on Tuesday week. See pro- gramme. The Government are considering the ex- pediency of introducing conjointly with the other colonies a measure to prevent Chinese immigration. Mrs. Walmsley, ,wife of Mr. W. T. Walm- sley, Commercial Hotel, died on Saturday last. The affair cast quite a gloom over the whole town. The Municipal Association recommend that in the new Local Government Bill all cemetries within municipal boundaries shall be vested in local councils. George Hill at the Central Police Court, on Thursday, was fined £250, or 9 months' imprisonment, for having an illicit still in his possession at Surry Hills. Mr. James Beacroft, the champion dancer of the Nepean district, will be one of the cheif attractions at Miss Amy Johns' benefit on Tuesday night at St. Marys. The Bench : If you come before us again we will give you three months without the option of a fine. Prisoner: May the Lord spare your health till that time. The Premier intimated in the Assembly on Tuesday, night that he would allow the Drink Commission to extend their investi- gation a to the principal country towns. Great improvements are being made at the Progress Association's Athletic Ground. Entries for their principal events, to be run on 5th and 9th of November, close on 11th October. Mr. Henson will move in the Assembly on October 12—"That the private bar system in connection with public houses is an evil the Government should at once take steps to suppress." The report that H.M.S. Nelson is to be handed over to the New South Wales Govern- ment is without foundation. The Nelson is simply to be replaced on the Australian station by H.M.S. Northampton. At Kingsbridge (England) a laborer's wife recently gave birth to three children, as she was blessed with twins only eleven months previous, this makes an addition to her family of five children within the year. Mr. E. Fulton, of the firm of Messrs. W. & E. Fulton was married on Monday last to Miss Glendenning of Sydney. Rev. T. E. Clouston performed the ceremony. We wish the happy couple, long life, happiness, and prosperity. Two of Messrs. Thos. Wilson and Co.'s steamers are now being fitted with boilers of 1¼ inch steel plates, with three rows of rivets, by the Baltic Engineering Co., Hull, England. These are the strongest steam- ship boilers that have ever been made. The Hon. Jarnes Inglis said on Wednes- day last when he was present with an ad- dress by the school children that he always was glad to receive an address from child- ren for they meant what they said : they had not got into the way of old politicians of saying what they did not mean. In the Assembly on Tuesday night, Mr. Dibbs gave notice of motions to repeal tho Centennial Celebration Act so far as it applies to the erection of a State House in the Cen- tennial Park, and to introduce a bill appro- praiting the £150,000 for the proposed State House to the erection of a new Parliament House. The first "big scene" of the session took place in the Assembly on Wednesday night, on a question of privilage raised by Mr. Mel- ville, with regard to a Government Printing Office report of the speeches at the dinner given by the Premier to celebrate the intro- duction of responsible government into this colony. "ROUGH ON CORNS."—Ask for Wells' "Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists "ROUGH ON CATARRH" corrects offensive odors at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as garge for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath. 