Australian Tales and Mfentores. No. 25. WADDEE MUNDOOEE. By an Old Shepherd " Hum 1" said old Jack, "I'm getting ray ther oldish, to be sure. Why its more nor fifty year ago since I ran down WaddeeMundooee; more nor firty year"—And the old man sighed as he dipped bis pannioan into the " post and rails" buoket. We were Bitting ih old Jacks' hut on station on the Goulburn. He was a sort of pensioned band ot the bosB, having been shepherd with the " old man" when he took up the country first of all, and never dreamed of the down| days of free selection and " cooky" farmers. All Jack was Bupposed to do was to shoot orows, and trap an occasional rabbit. For thiB he received good lodging, station fare, and as much tobaooo as he wanted—with an oooasional ran into Mooroopna to "bast np" a couple of pounds among the publicans. Jack was in a communicative mood this evening. Perhaps this faot was, in some sort to be oonneoted with the ciroumstanoe that I had propitiated him with a bottle of ram. I wanted to camp that night in Jack'shat andhad oomeprovided with the moBt artful persuader I knew of. For if Jaok loved anything under the sky, it was a tot or two of good station rum—stuff, as he would say, that made your hair grow, and whioh most certainly skinned the throat of any novioe swallowing a glass for the first time. " Waddee Mundooee," Btid I," take another tot Jaok. Who was WaddeeMundooee? a queer name that." Jaok smiled with an air of superior information. " Ah I you never was in his country. He was a nigger was Waddee—and a tiger. A regular varment of a blatk, though he did have a wooden leg." " A wooden leg Jack V' " Ah—a wooden leg. Eejiad one shot oS. But what o' ihat! He oould give any feller with two sound legs, the gc by. He and to 525 take a hop, skip, and a jump with a long pole as he had, shod with a iron spike. I've known him run down a forrester—yes a big buok kangaroo. Talk of yer bicycles, bah 2 Waddee oonld ha' given em any amount of start." " Well, well, yoa surprise me. And yon knew him, fifty years ago." "More nor fifty year ago," said the old man impressively; " when this here country warn't settled, and where there's towns, and cities, and railways in New South Wales, was what you call the back blockB. I'm talkin' of the time when the Gwydir country was took np by Keith Collins and that lot. More than fifty year ago. Ah, well—time waits for none of _ us mate"—and old Jaak took another.dip in his pannioan. " Bat thiB here Waddee Mundooee as I was talkin' about was a real vrasser. There was no tamin' ot him. Other blacks'd come in and loaf around tbe stations, bat not Waddee. Ye see he'd sworn vengeance on the white feller. In the early'times, an old oonviot hatkeeper—mind yer, I wee never a lag: I was a soger, mate—he'd pisoned thirty or forty poor devils, as had camped near Brennan's station on the Burdekin. Yes, they was a rioosanoe no doubt, coming round the hut begging for a " plower" as they oalled it, and baeoa. But to pison 'em off like dingoes was rather too strong. However, Bob Taylor one morning, bein' in a devil's own temper mixes np a lot of arsenic and fieur, and bakes a heap 'o johnny cakes, whioh he gives to the gins as came-loafin' around. Before the eun set, as I've heted, there was over thirty men, gins, labras, and piccaninnies lying dead on the banks of the oreek. They eay Bob watched 'em as they rolled about afore they died screaming and crying: and that he langbed and oalled it good fan. But mebbe that wasn't true. There was a'bother about it, and Bob near got his kick off at Sydney, but a lawyer pulled him through. Then he went back to the station, lot tiie boss was a tiger and qqite backed up old Bob in what he'd done.. Ah and hers Jaok paused and looked meditatively into the fire, " I've seen some bloody work mate, among the blacks—Been 'em shot for sport, jest as you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the lubras rounded op aa Tou'd round np bullocks, and used as yon may guess by young fellers as oalled 'emselves gentleman and Christians, and would ha' soon o' thought of killing a white man as of killing^ themselves. But blanks was no aooonnt in thdr eyes, and I once see a missionary ohap run off a station for saying that in God's eyes a black was as good as a whits. They oalled it blasphemy, they did, and gave the preacher the run." However to get on with my yarn, when Bob the lag, pisoned the blacks aB I've told ye, he didn't know I fancy, that they blonged to Waddee Mundooee'a tribe. If he had, I think he'd ha' though twice, beoos Waddee was a terror. He never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hatkeepers had reason to know it. You may be sure then that he swore vengeance agin Bob. But Bob was pretty safe, for he was cook and hut-keeper at tbe noma station where there was always a lot of bands, and where all niggers for miles' aronnd was kept off with the musket. Bat some of as was sure that sooner or later Waddee would nab Bob, and then—well Bob would get his gruel. " Well so it came. One day Bob-got hold of a bottle ot rum and goes down to the creek and sets to work to finish it ofi all by himself. He didn't turn up at supper time, and the' chaps went oat to look for him, and found him. He was a sight. There was a stick wedged in ihis month, his eyes was gouged out; his two hands was ohopped off and hia legs was broke with blows of a tomahawk. He was alive and that's all, and all he was able to whisper was, " Waddee Mundooee." Then he oroked. " Well nobody was over and above fond of old Bob. He was a surly savage sort o' ohap, and that pisoning sort of businsss wasn't gen'rally relished by the chaps. Bat if they didn't like Bob they wasn't a bit took with Waddee Mundooee., Soon as they'd pat the old man inhis grave, halt .a dozen of the hands on horsebaok and well armed, went out to find Mr. Waddee, and Bettle his business. They took up his traoks easy —they were traoks you couldn't make no mistake about—Waddee having only one j foot, and a long pole serving for the other. Yes, there was no mistaking Waddee's traoks, even without a black boy to mark 'em, which they had—a Moreton Bay hoy, as was stock-riding on the station. They ran down the tracks to a of waterholes, and through some dry swamp j land on t'other side. They followed 'em an np ! to the foot of a mountain ridge whioh ran np sheer with rooks three hundred feet >»eV Here the blackboy brought np. He jumped down from his horse, and looked on the ground; then he ran up to the faoe of the rook, and with eyes starting from his head, stared at it. smelt it, and shuddered. 1 " Baal that feller Waddee Mundooee, man. No fear debbil, debbil. See him go along np all same snake, and the boy pointed to a narrow ridge such as a possum could hardly olimb up. The chaps followed this'track with their eyes. "Hi I—there him—all along stand on top-' look out." And the boy ran right under the rook. "At the same moment a spear, launched from above, was driven through the arm of one of the men. "There waB a Bouttle to get out of range. I believe that most there had some hankerin' belief that Waddee toot a sort o' devil He'd done such rum things, and oould travel so fast, that he'd be heard of almost in one place as soon as another, that the yams of the black boys about him being a " debbil debbil" was somehow believed by a lot of station hands. Anyway, these ohaps ran ont of range, and then turned to look at the old ohap as he stood on top of the rook, on one leg, and leaning on hia staff, while in his left br.nd he held two or three spears. " Try him tx ... with a ... shot," - says „.'. the wounded r.-.n. "Dash him 1 he's settled my arm-" j 2 hey had run the spear through and ban- ! daged up the wound, but the ohap felt the pain so great, that he made sure he was bound to lose his arm. "Well—so they told me—they shot at Waddee until all their powder and ballets was gone. No one oould hit the old ohap, who gammoned to catch the balls, and danoed, and yelled a hurricane. I expect they was out o' range, although none of 'em would ever allow that. They all had it, that the old ohap was what they icall invulnerble, "l^J 1 / b « 6^,06pt5 BiIwone «' d «*er t -nnk oook Waddee wiM*. Mundooee. Mn„a on «, " Howsoever, Waddee was no more invulnerble than I am. Some yean after this I was searching some scrub land on the Burnett for some sheep as I'd missed when the dogs began to bark in a way as I knew didn't mean they'd found the sheep. I follers up carefully, and, sadden like, comes on an old wurley set up agin a big box tree. And there, lying on a ragged 'poBBam rag, was my noble Waddee Mundooee. But there wasn't nothin' to fear from him now. He was oome to his last. Aa he looked op at me, a fire like, oame in his eyes, and he made a move for his waddy; bat he knew it was no good, and he olosed his eyes and jabbers something in his own lingo. He was thin and wasted like, and I guessed he was starved. I stoops down and lifts him up, and I reokon he thought I was go in' to finish him—he glared defiant .like. And when I pours* mouthful of cold tea, as I had in a billy, down his throat, he looked real astonished, and mattered something. " By-and-bye I got the poor devil round a bit. I lit a lire, .which seemed to frighten him, bat I told him in broknJdacik lingo that there wasn't nobody nsar. Then I made UmcoiM hot tee, and nn bin • Mi f damper and a bit o' salt mutton I had along with me. And while he ate—he was starving—he looks at me as if he oouldn't take It In as a reality, anyhow. . "Well I found that the poor beggar wasjttt , op with rheumatics. He was old too, and as I examined his poor old earns, I fonnd as many wound marks on it there was . dirt. He smiled when I looked at a great soar on his breast. , . ! ' • "Big feller white man—plenty"—and lie made a sign of striking. "Me kill him all same," and he laughed. I thought to myself that arter all thiB old ohap was only aotin' according to his lights, as tbe parsons sqy. Anyhow I could see no more harm in his spearin' white|men than white men-shooting black. You see I'd been a soger and in-the army one learns to look at things different ! like. " Well I did what I oould for Jin poor old heathen. My hut- wasn't over two miles awsy and I generally managed to get over to see Waddee two or three times a week. I got some turpentine from the home station, and rubbed his rheumatic legs, and he got about a little. But I saw his time was about come, and he knew it too. I tell ye it need to make me feel soft like, as he sat crooning over the little fire, and thinking I dare say, of the gay old times when he was strong and hearty. "White feller," said he tome one day,turning his dark eyes upon me, (jest like coals of fire they was). " Two days "—he held np two fingers —"Waddee Mundooee go np along a there," pointing to she sky. " Yoa good feller. Some day, me . jump up along while man, come along • you." "Allright, Waddee," says I, "I shall be glad to see you." He went on.— "Along a oreek you go lor Waddee Mundooee," said he, soft like. "Good idler you. Come along thirty mile, black feller's, camp sit down. You tell 'em Waddee all along die. Show 'em this. They come take away this," I and he glanoed at his shrivelled old body. I " Yon go—please ?" and I oouldn't say no. I left him right away, and gets on my horse, and yards the sheep, andleaves the dogs, end . away I went. I knew whereabouts the camp was, but I shouldn't ha* ventured into it if Waddee hadn't given me his old staff. And sore enough when I rode in and showed this, they all seemed to understand, and the old women and labras began to croon their death songs. 1 When I'd 'delivered my message I went back to my hat. Next afternoon a runner oame from Waddee to say he wanted to see ' me. • I goes down, and there was fhe old chap propped np, dressed ont in some black's 1 fixings, hia spears and weapons around him, and ;hia feller ooontrymen seated in i • cirole. . •» ; When he Baw me, he smiled. I bent down; He took my hand, pressed it weak like agin his seaned breast; and saye he,— " Carbon good feller—this. Good feller, ' white feller-—some time jump np along—" And then, blest if he didn't die off suddent with his ayes fixed, like a dog's, on me." Old Jack paused here to refresh ^manif. Then he began to smoke violently. . "That's all then. Jack," Baid L " les, that'a aU.. It ain't mnoh of a yarn, , but it goes to show, don't it, that the devil's . not so black as he's painted? Ifs time to i turn in." Three Very Old Stories.—At a reception to Bev. Dr. Seward, in New Britain, Conn., recently, reminscences were in order. It was said that Dr. Sewardinsfeted, when appointed pastor in 1836, that he should not be called npon for more than two public services each Sunday; that one member of the church shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would recdve grace to preach in the morning and afternoon, and, "if his strength held out he might continue in the evening." Dr. Seward told of receiving a bushel of turnips once for marrying a. couple, and some yean later the bridegroom appeared. and passed ont £210s. saying— " My wife has turned out so well that I feel justified in this expenditure." A man once oame into a church late, and started, with squeaky boots, to walk the whole length of a ride gallery, when an exchange pastor stopped suddenly in hiB prayer, opened his eyes, and, pointing a long finger at the disturber, said,— "Yoa sit down right where you arel" He then went on and finished his prayer. Useful DogB.—The British Government has decided to remit the tax on dogs employed on the south coast of devon. These animate perforin the novd work of catching hold of a rope thrown from fishemen's boats. They bring it ashore, and the people who are waiting there are able to haul in the boat through the surf. The rooky coast prevents fishermen bom pulling the boat ashore without the dogs, who have to be trained to the work, whioh is extremely risky. The world, if ever it is to be reformed by men ^ through men, oui only be so by the personal intercourse of living men, living —* """" T 11 epistles, not dead ones. Love, -~• meekness, kindness, forbearance,. and unselfishness, manifested in human souls uttering themselves by word, look, and deed o&n; alone regenerate men. The True Story of Jim. We had laid np that night on the Platte Biver. Mr. Colby, the Sheriff, of Arapahe County, had come down to Chuffs ranch in search of jurors, and, seeing a party of Eastern tourists oamped near by, had walked over to make our acquaintance. He was so fresh and breezy and withal, so genial and gentlemanly, he had Buoh an air of being master of the situation and himself that we were all of as glad when he aooepted our commissary's invitation to remain and sup with us. After tea wa gaily assembled around the roaring camp fire, and for awhile wit and laughter winged the happy time. Bat, as tbe twilight deepened, the gusty talk Mew over, sOence ehepherd, fell for npon Snce us unmfodM with the oilS nisht. tender Our \- lambs - - he '- had led forth into the wilderness, " was seated astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. The commissary had folded tbe map of Colorado, and, dumb as a door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log, on whioh he had been for some time a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, the soul and genius of our party, had, for a season, turned the key npon wit and song. Graoefully throned on her hand-trunk, she watched, in silence, the bright and happy •parks that danced a carmagnole as they rose, light-footed, from the olaSge flanw^ Ali w quiet upon the Platte; t&tongues; of the waggons were not more silent than ours. She Sheriff of Araphoe was the first to break the spell. "I started in to tell you," be Baid, " the true story of Jim while we were at sapper, but I struck a snag in the shape of a flapjack and didnt get on with it." \- Ifs not too lats for it yet," said tbe commissary. M WeO, n continued Mr. Colby, "twenty yeses ago I was stopping at Hard-np, OaL, vying to dig my fortune out ot a mine there. In the town was a one-horse lawyer named Sarftii Johnson, who was about the biggest eot in all the diggin's round. And Smith had a son named Jim—a red- haired, freckled- 1 fro* little 10-year old scamp who was the ' terror of all the hen roosts and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim's heart was this. I had a water-melon patch that was, if yonll forgive the figure, the apple ot my eye. One evening I walked forth into my garden to view it, and what should I see In the middle ot it bat that ckeesios, Jim, letting into one ot my watermelons as lively as a mole. Up I came in the tear and gathered op Jimby the waist-band, " 1 Let me go,' said he. «I won't eomeheit no mon. PJeMa.let jni go, "' Oh, yon young scamp,' said L" * I've got you now and I-ttiSnk IH keep yon. I and it's very safe to punish tbese'badr boyf . that are so ready to'iie gobd when^jTCtaogbt. Do yoa know wnat Pm goihg to <lo r with you?* said I, giving him a final dudos and setting him up oh his pins. Tm going to send yon to jail.' \- • " < Oh, please, Mr. Colby, give me a whqppin' an' let me go.' '"No,I haven't any right to whip yoa, but I'm obliged by the law to send ypa to jail, and I can tellyoua j&ilisui;(~*~ There's rats thezt!' - *" Oh-o,' groaned Jim. " 1 And sometime^ in tbe off your toes.*. "«Please, Mr. Colby,' whined3iih.'-' " ' And your nose,' said I, ^and you have to go to bed without .any candle; aid' yon can't play poker, and they do say that the ghosts of the people &hit; were there before and gobhang tor stealing watermelons :«ome back at midnight and' make. a .dreadful noise. Oh, I can tell you, it's no funtogo to jaiL' -" Well! after I had chaffed the little wamp long enough, I gave him a sern^/ w tna moral law and let him go with nothing worse than fright, but, alter ttiat, strange tO Bsy, Jim and I were cheek by joWI. .!" " Same time aft& the watermelon fracas," oontinued Mr; Colby, M I was going up the gulch to Soooptown wfceh X/S^'bn'Imi dde . of the hill, the tracks «f "the 'VigilQnoe Committee. They were three xoad agents that had been tried and hiing the day before' and left suspended from the braneh of a tna to strike ; tenor into the heart af evil doers. Well, there was a mob of hoys round .this monument ot justice, .and they were diverting themselves irith running down'^he;bdQ and swinging the luckless road agents to the ; breeze. Jim was just receiving the oheers of ' the crowd for sending his:man op to the. branches, where he had lodged a minute before he came down, when he spied me in (he road and came to meet me. ' '•'-" -"'Yer see, Mr. Colby,* he began, in a rather depreoatory voice, <1 didn't sse no use in them three thieves loafin' on that branch without being any use to themsebetf OOE nobody else, so I just sot them op in business. Ana now I've oome down to ask whether you've saw an old whisky barrel on legs abort here.' V , "*A whisky barrel?*" nidi. 4 Why, no, Jim. What do you mean ?"' "' Oh, I mean the old 'an, of ooarse. 'He's • gettin' most tmcammon bad lately.' ', I "Jim,' said'l, vdid yon never hear about honoring your fatherr "'Honor that old sardine I Hs l hel Beally an' actually no* that's a good 'an. • You'd bave sommersetted ont o'yer'skin to ' have tieen that .fddooen last nighti- I oome bome, goin' on to 11, when he heered soms- " thin'ratUin > round,&n; > fcerusnp,andwbenhe seed 'me, , one. leg ont and one leg in. he»ys, sayB he, 'Jim, whar"ve yon been? 1 M'l aOTi am I, 'I've been down to the SflverTooth/ ^-jThen? says he, 'an'jrhat wwjiqajloin' j y r was plsyia» a little geme pi pte/ *• 'Did• yon"'' fcnake inythin , l, "•Yes, sir,' says L won'flues pounds.' • • Then thereoome a big thaw fthis Voiee. an' he says, says he, (mtitin' -like), AJames Madison, my eon, take that thax jug &atfc; at the head of thfe^bed*nd sMjptijgnf jcouhd to old Shorty's and'git me a gallon of fust-tiass benxine,' Bays he. " 'Jn* I?" 8 "* anigin.fitbisr.'ejiy, I. " Well, sir, he rared in bed, an' says he. . " *ou little soamp, ef I catch yoa round to the SOysr Tooth agin 111 take the hide aa 1 hair off yer, : Hain't you got nothin' bettez to .do than to spend your poor old father^ last • reda- gamblinfvah' disgmcin'of yer tastilyF says he, bustin' out crying''like as though he'd jest buried his demijohn. . At this point in his nariative Mr. Golby. paused. •« The .seqad 1" cried PhflbmiSI "Let's hearhaw Jimwoandiip. "I left Hard-np," :resumed'Mir. Xkribr* " about two years after t first met Jim. Three years later I happened to be in VixtfiifalSty. while there, aa I was oommg ont of the harber'sshop, w)io should walknp but Jim himself, «Why ? Jim,'saidl, « wlwre ; d you oome from? and wbere'd Ton rat ell those good otothesr ^ _ «* Them clothes,' said Jim, * merchant tailor out o' ihem clothesTi diarged jem to the old man. Thafe a gdod trn, am^t xt? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't oome oat asa reformed individual, and it was positively - neoeesazy to get earns re- How did jou get reformed, Jim?' aaidl "Well, yoa see,Mr. Colby, father : aiid I eomeover hereabout twoynraaeo,«adas soon as I oome I took hold oU I^ofooyi hen who didnt havo nobody to ttteh*<uito bad as they wanted to be, an'Tttiought it was a pity to'see Bo mui^'talmt goinz'to waste, so l organised 'em into a s ^ ot theiyee. Well, sir, I outell yonwelida Status wtsrnhnin' the TisoopalOTtffl'in&at; meetin'house wer then*-ana I jist thongbl I'd go in.- Now I oouldn't: toll yer, tossve my skin, what he said to the crowd. (Beloved brethren ha oalled 'em), bat, hyjing, when I oome out I just set doroon adry goodebax and I begun to turn thingsjover in my mmd, an! I Bays to myself:' The way you aregoin' on, Jim, yonll be in the penitentiary bdora you're a man • youH just have to turn in an' reform.' So I went an' got these here elotiies an'now I'm printing for my livin' mthaBntaprisebffioe. Do yon thlnlr, Mr. Colfay, if ft boylike me t^ned square *roundheeom do •ay good?" "«Jim,' I said, «• boy like you ean do what he pleases.' Well, I talked to him a long while, and vtiaa we parted the mist that had been gathering in his eyes fell down in rain. I have, never seen Jim sinoe, but last winter I read in a Nevada paper that tbe Hon. Jibee Madison Johnson had beeneleoted Speaker o! the House of Bepnsentatives. A Mere Accident.—In imarrihing for gold in the mining regions,. men sometimes hunt months and months before they , find gold in any quantify. They findjost enoogh to make them hope that next day,' or wesk, or month, they will find enough to aidn them wealthy. Often it is the merest amident that makes the gold viBOIe. One'bt the Western papers gives an aooount of Ihe way in whioh the proprietor disoovered the gtdd when the mining oamp Esmeralda is now located. Thevan is what the miners sail " a blind ledge;" that is, there is nothing on on the surfaee of the groimd to lead one to think that gold was beneath thesurfaoe. One day the prospector saw A mass of deoftnpoeed quarts mingled with some dirt that had been seratched out by ground-uquirrels when digging boles In the rida ot the hiB. He examined the qaarta earefally, and decided to follow the holes dog by the squneL He found the vein, and now a rich mining oamp is located where the squirrels dag . the holes showing the wsy to the gold. Her Social Position.—SSie woman is thought to have received mnoh training, in the first two oenturiea, tiiroagh the greatunmber ot seont soqeties existing. The burial inscriptions sho w tbat ahe bott an impwtant put In these, and even held office in some of tin municipalitiea. Her moral character at this time, however, 'did not stand very high, if we may trost tbe Ujh ; torians and satirists. 