THE war TELEGRAMS. There has been a loll in the warlike messages fiom Europe for 'he psst few days, but the deep-muffled rumblings that precede the earthquake are by no means silent. Active preparations for war are going on all over Europe. Preserved meats are being bought up rapidly, horses are in large request, the German aimy is being enlarged iu spite of the. adverse vote cf the R ichstag, tbe activity in France is marvellous, Austria is preparing to call out the Lands trum, and Russia is all ready « xcept in the matter of money. The Berlin papers, the Austrian papers, the Russian official journals, London Times , and other authorities state that war between France and Germany is inevitable in the immediate future. But even this depressing news has its comic side. On the authority of one London telegram we are told that the Gaiilots, a Parisian Republican journal, " publishes an article from i s St. " Petersburg c rresiondent containing " pacific reassurances from the Czar." This would be very comforting if the statement ended with a full ttop and a final terminatim. But we have tagged on to it with a conjunction, " And " announces that negotiations for a " Russian loan are being resumed in " Paris." This naivete is delicious! y charming. ts I love you," says the Bweet child, " and give me some toffee." " P cific assurances from the Czar — " and he wants to float a loan.1' Hundreds of thousands of men fully armed and equipped on the frontier, only waiting for the one thing needful — t( money "and the order to march. Pacific re- assurances indeed ! A poet has said that the grim bear of the North looks even terrible in his Bleep, and we are warned that even that amiable noodle of song, 11 the British lion," is not to be tampered with in his most somnolent moments, for he sleeps with but one eyelid shut, go " beware," etc. The Czar of all the Russias, in a pacific mood, mut be a wonderful spectacle. The 41 rugged Russian bear," depicted as something terrible by Macbeth when apostrophising Banquo's ghost, cannot be the dreaded creature tho unnerved murderer imagined. 'Tis all a mistake. Intriguing, ambitious, aggressive and warlike Russia is now peace-loving, generous, and amiable. She wants money for peace purposes. When she gets the pieces she will expend them on roads, railways, docks, and other improvements, aud disband her army. Sweet Russia, dove-like Russia ! in spite, however, of all these assurances of amity and goodwill, it is not very likely Russia will get much from Paris just now. The reply will probably be something like that given by Mr. Pecksniff to Mr. Montague Tigg when that gentleman a?ked fbr the loan of half -a- crown. 4< No," said Pecksniff. "Then," said Tigg, 11 We now come down to the " ridiculously email sum of eighteen pencp." Quoth Pecksniff, "That " would be equally objectionable." 