CHAPTEll XIII. A THrâmÛtB?!.!. . I Theresa bad ceased weeping, and bsd gone to the pianoforte-tor such, in troth, the in strömest waa-when Octavia made her ap- pearance,with Ute . »nnouncement that she wonld conduct, the lady to her;chamber whenever abe was ready to go. ^S^,. " Thinking it would be your desire,'\ ah« added, " I have had a bed for your maid pit np in the same room." The marchioness thanked ber for her thoughtful kindness, at the same time assur- ing her that Bhe had done right.- She then arose and followed the housekeeper ont into the great hall, thence opa broad and mag- nificent stairway to a corresponding hall above. Beyond thia their course lay- through a broad, winding pas se ge, in the walls of which were alcoves and niohes, ornamented with statues, eheste and beautiful, of marble, of alabaster, and of porphyry, some of them holding lighted lamps in ther outstretched hands. The effect was pleasing, even to the Benses of the captive maiden. A dear lover of all that was beautiful in nature or ic art, she could not shut her heart to such beauty a3 thiä. The passage terminated in a spacious cir- cular ball, with a vaulted dome above, which, as Theresa cast a glance upward, appeared to be principally ot stuned glass. Here were several doors, one of which-the central one -the guide opened, leading the way into a small reception-room, very neatly and pret- tily furnished. This Octavia crossed, throw- ing open a door beyond, thus giving entrance into an apartment so beautiful in its appoint- ments and ornamentation that the mar- chioness could not repress the note of admi- ration that sprang to ber lips. Upon a mas- sive bureau of ebony, inlaid with gold, and silver, and mother-of-pearl, stood a large lamp in a globe of stained glass, the light of which threw a surpassing radiance upon the scene. On one side was a deep, broad arch, at the entrance of which the exquisite drapery waa looped back, revealing beyond a large and richly habited bed. At the foot of it. where was plenty of room, a smaller bed had been made np, pretty enough and inviting enough to satisfy the most fastidióos. " D¿ar lady,"said Octavtii, when opportu- nity bad been given for looking around, " his lordship, you see, desires to maim yoa com- fortable. Kot to many would he have given these apartments." Theresa started, and a strange tremor shook her frame. The woman's look and tone plainly told that there was, to her at least, something sacred in the atmosphere of that handsome room. There was upon the aged face an expression of awe, of reverence -almost of worship-as her eyes rested upon the eloquent surrounding?. The lady did not speak, but waited, feeling confident that more was to come. And she was not dis- appointed. " Ah ! dark was the night and dark the day when she,, for whom thia chamber was tar- nished, fled from it." "You speak of the Lady Constance?' said the marchioness, ina low, sympathetic tone. " Yes. Ah ! you never knew ber. She was very beautiful." " And very unfortunate," Theresa added. " Yes. She waa most wickedly traduced." Theresa moved forward and bud a hand upon the housekeeper's arm. " Octavia, do you. know who was the ehief other traducers?" " What do you mean ?" the woman cried, with a frightened look, and with à quiver that shook ber from head to foot. " Yon know very well what I mean. I ask yon,-Could you lay your finger upon the person who rained her yoong life and drove ber forth from her home, to die among stran- gers?" A low, wailing cry broke from the old housekeeper's lips as she started back, away from the girl'e hand, as though it burnt her. " OI no ! no'l no ! It you care to live-if you bare to see the bright sunshine of another day-beware ! Never whisper again of that ! I know nothing. We none of os know." The frightened look had become quite a terror, and she shook like an aspen. " Dear woman-good Octavia," whispered the marchioness, with a kindly, assuring look, "what can yon or I have to fear? Who ¡3 to know of what we speak ? Con- rad Arnsfelt has hunted one poor woman to the death!-will you help him to kill another?' " Have mercy ! OI have mercy !" groaned the suffering matron, patting out her bands as though she would keep her tormentor at a distance. "You know not what yon say. These very walls have ears. I tell yon-once a poor servant dared ta whisper what you would whisper, and-O 1 ask no more Is" " But that servant, Octavia? What became of her?" "It was a man-servant." " Well-what became of bim?" "He-died! Died in a night-stricken down by a blow from an unseen band !" "Daer Octavia,you have told me more than you thought to tell. You tell me that Conrad Amsfeldt, because a servant bad-" "No ! no! no! I never mentioned his name." " Then let me speak it. The man who now seeks to gain me into his fiendish power is the man who killed poor Lady Constance ! Aye, you know it. And I tell you, Octavia Weintz, if yon give help to that man against ms the spirit of Lady Constance shall uprise before you and call you to account, I know it, I dare to swear it !'' The woman gazed upon the speaker in speechless wonder and amaze, Her knees shook beneath her and her teeth chattered. Qnce'she cast a frightened glance around the room, as though expecting the ghost of the dead duchess to appear. "Octavia!" the lady added, after a con- siderable pause, speaking softly and pleasantly, " let us say no mora of thia at present-" " And never any more ! O, never ! never !" gasped the cid servant, breaking in npon her. " I shall not promise. But I will promise you thia : I will du nothing that can bring grief or troulle to you. Let that give you relief. And*now, to my rest; but, first, yon will allow ma to ask a question touching my-s «elf. Do you know anything of the dake píaos with regard to my future? Am I to be a close prisoner ?" " O, no, lady I Yon are to walk in the gar- den to-morrow morning, if yon wish, and I am to show you the way." "Thanks, Octavia, for the information. BÎ sure, if it is fair, I Bhall hold you to your duty." Sse cared to question the woman no fur- ther ; and when she bad been shown into the dressing-room, and into thc bathing-room be- yond, and had learned of her surroundings all sh jeded to know, she Butlered her to depci AVbca Theresa awoke on tbe following morning the sun waa shining brightly, and a thousand birds were making music in the air. She arose, finding Jeannette already np, and was soon dressed. It would be difficult to tell the feelings with which she gazed around opon the scene that had once been familiar to,the eye oí Constance. But ber thoughts canil not be long confined to that chamber Thinking of Constance led her to think cf another; and of another; and yet another-loved one where? Olwbere? With a vehemence that had in it almost a spice of anger she pat her foot apon the floor Ai abe told herself that ehe would not believe thom dead. " The minister was more than half convinced when he had heard my story," she said to herself; "and Conrad i Arnateldt holds ont because ot his wicked will I They are not dead, if they were I should know it. I should feel it. Kind Heaven wonld not nphold my heart in this wondrous manner only to break it in the end." V She was thus communing with herself when ah« opening of the door caused her to turn. ItwaWaannette, of whom her mistress had torn time lost hath sight and thought. Herfaee.was fiaabed, and her bright eyes gleamed with somethint- rln- ly -wmfriing spite. :V; , . " Where have you been, Jeannette ?"^ " I have been trying the doors, dear lady. Perhaps yon will blame me; perhaps yon will scold me, when I tell you that I have been looking for a way ont from thia place ; and if I had found it I should have run away and lett yon. This was my plan. I should have made my way as swiftly as possible to the dear old cattle, where I would have aroused your people, and called a council of war, in which my voice would have been for instant appeal to the emperor ; and I wonld have gone before him myself, and told him the wbole truth." .' Dear gail, I certainly shall not scold you; nor have I any blame. leonid have told yea, however, that you could not get away." " Ah 1 lady, I came nearer to it than you think. Bat for n man who frightened me back I certainly should have got away by a postern." " That man was probably there on purpose. No, no, Jeannette, we are not to escape in that way ¡yeti thank you all the same. I should have gladly spared you had I known you were on »your way to the castle,-Ah I here comes Ootavial" Tho old housekeeper entered with a kindly smHe and a cheery salutation ; and having made a few inquiries concerning the lady's health and her night's rest, she announced that she was ready to lead the way to the garden. Be sure our heroine was not long in making ready for the walk. The woman had brought a light mantle and a pretty morning hat, which she assured the marchioness had not been worn since" Lady Constance wore them; and Theresa accepted them rcadilj. Had those articles reminded her of one dead, she would have surely put them away, feeling it sacrfligious to wear them; out, since they brought to mind one . living and beloved.she felt a peculiar joy in putting them on. The gsrden of the palace was in the rear of one ot the wings; a spacious enclosure, bearing everything in the shape of fruit and flowers that could be made to grow in that clime. Beyond that was a space ot very nearly two acree under grass, where were tropical plants in endless variety. Theresa had been through a portion of th6 hot-boose, and had left it for the parer, i fresher sir outside, Octavia and Jeannette having remained behind to witness the gam- bols of a pair of monkeys, confined in a large cage. Without thought of her companions, abe walked slowly on towards a small, vine clad arbor which she saw not far distant. She had reached . point where another path, flanked with flowering shrubs, crossed her way, when she was startled by the Budden and unexpected appearance of a man before ber. She would have turned back had the move. j ment been possible; but the new-comer had met her, face to face, and retreat was out ol I the question. He lifted his light velvet cap \ and greeted her warmly. The greeting might have been cordial but for a spice of triumph in it which was not to be mistaken. He was a young man, a few months beyond one and twenty, wearing the undress uniform of a lieutenant ot the Imperial Guards ; short of stature; with a face which many called handsome. The features were regular, bat pugnacious ; the complexion very dark; i pair of bright, black eyes, and bair ot tb( same color. The forehead waa low; thc nether jaw square and heavy; the monti large, with lips cruel and gross. At all events this latter was what oar heroine saw -, and Ix sure she was not the only one who had mad« the discovery. Such was Otto Arnsteldt, count by courtesy and son of the Dake Conrad. "Theresa, this is a joy indeed. Myfathe told me hut night that you were here ; and : begged that I might be permitted to eee you bnt he waa inexorable. He can be very stub bom when be takes a notion that way. Bu I have 'found yon now, and when I least ex pectedit. Dear girl, you are looking per fectly eharming. Have you looked into th mirror this morning ?" The maiden's first thought, upon recogniz ingthe count, had been to give way to he true feelings ; to treat the conceited, tteach erous man as he deserved at her hands bat she did not do.it. She asked herself Why make a scene that could only b unpleasant for herself as well as for him Her best conree would be to get along a smoothly as possible, simply maintaining he dignity and keeping him within due bound of respsct. . She answered bim that she never dresse without consulting her mirror. "And I know you sawthereia somethiu far more beautital than anything yon ca find in this poor garden," he cried, with a attempt at rapture, " Count Otto, yon forget with whom yo are speaking. I assure you, from my bear such flattery displeases me. I do not lil it." "Zounds! You are different from tr majority of oar fair damsels. I'faith ! know a score ot them who would give thrc nights' eleep for such a compliment as I pai you." -* It was not a compliment, sir. It wt the grossest of flattery. True compliment ghoul ! offend no one." "Tiierest."-bending upon her a look i admiration-"I will take a lesson-a nambi of them-in proper behavior from you. will be your pupil ; and .1 promise to be a lentivc and obedient.-Ah ! Herc! I wai you to see our beautiful lakelet, with í charming family ot gold-fish. It is n '«." ; , , " So sajiog, he took her hand, and drew within bis arm. She tried to draw it awa but did not succeed. Count, I wish yon would excuse me. I le company in the green-house." Ï (To lo continued.) 