PROPHETIC CONFERENCE AT ALFRED HALL. This conference commenced its sittings yesterday afternoon. There was a fair attendance, the large hall being about half-filled. The following minstersy [?]c., were on the platform:—The [?]evs. H. C. U. Morris (chairman),H. B. Macrrtney, J. Gregson, Allan webb, j Blaikc. 'A. Green, Thos Willi,-inisT l>. Vance, G. W. Gillin-js, X. Boss, and Dr Flett, of Fitzroy. ■ ■(he l!ev. Mr Lee read 2 Fetor, Hi., and was followed by Itev. J. Greason in prayer. The chairman (the Rev. li. C. E. Morris, Church of England) said they had met under very favorable cir cumstances. Many ministers had travelled great dis-. tanees to be present. They had all met to consider a "reat truth. This was spr ng-time, and it should remind all of that spring-time when the Lord, coining, would be glorified with His saints. A voice said to them, “ Loose up, for your redemption draweth nigh, lie felt it an honor to hold, even in a representative capacity, the position of chairman of that first meet ing. lie referred to the contributions made by the writers and students of the Church of England to the literature of the subject. lie hoped the Holy Spirit would lighten, quicken, and bless their deliberatio s. There were present members of different churches • and of different training—men connected with the rise and progress of this movement in Victoria. The attitude of Christ’s church was one of expectation, “ Look for, and wait iu" for.” Like t-iose .vho dwelt in Old Testainot times, wo had not received in their fulness the pro mises themselves. As all those hopes were centred in the first coming of-Christ, so ours are centred in Ilis second coming. The truth would be presented in a variety of aspects, but substantial agreement would be visible. The Christian’s hope came from Christ,, and grows by union with Him. Had it leavened and energised tiieir lives as it ought to do? Such meet-’ in-'s'would cle ir away many misconceptions, and make alf feel the blessedness of such a hope. There would be no controversy', no wrangling. This wisnotime for that, but for union-working,‘praying and fighting again-t the Lord’s enemies. These meetings would not lessen Christian unity, but increase it. Confer ences of this kind had been held on an extensive scale in England (the Milday Conference, when 4PUU people assembled), in America, in Melbourne, and at Sand hurst. This was a “ red-letter day” in the history of their union. The pan- Anglicauand Conferences were only proofs that the spirit of C. rise was in them, and that they were Christ's. The “blessed hope” was the keystone of all this. They that day made a lawful and usefir protest against the want of faith and the loud infidelity which existed; it was also a proclamation of their belief and hope in the second coming of Jesus Christ. They made their pro test and their proclamation humbly, fully knowing their own failures and want of strength, but in full confidence in the Holy Ghost. They were God’s wit nesses, and so was the Holy Ghost, whom God had given to those who obey him. A hymn was then sung, the Rev. G. W. Gillings following with a discourse on “The Promised Return of the Lord Jesus for Ills People.” lie said lie was going to speak chiefly as simplv as possible, as though most of his hearers knew nothing of the subject, lie quoted largely from the New Testament, explaining their meaning, and clearing, away possible miscon ceptions. He based his remarks to som; extent on John xiv., and alluded to the definite promise, “ I will come again;” it could mean nothing else; Jems could not belie himself; he who said “ I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee,” would surely come again. He, at some length, showed what was meant by the very words of Jesus, and recapitulated the grounds which warrant Christians in looking for the fulfilment of the promises of Scripture. He closed by a few words specially addressed to his fellow .ministers. Another hymn was then sung, and the Rev. John Gregson. after briefly referring to the remarks of the preceding speaker proceeded to give rea sons for his belief that the coming of the Lord will be personal and pre-nullennial. Christ was present at all times, but that was not re cognised, because of the veil wuicii was on their hearts; when that was removed then their sensibilities were stirred; this revelation of Christ to the soul was spoken of as a “coming.” Another “coming” was a manifest one, the “ Word became flesh, and dwelt amongst us.” When lie went to heaven Ilis body was glorified, and it was in that glorified humanity that He manifested Himself to Saul of Tarsus. That was why Paul couM write as no one else could of the glori fied resurrection hotly. It is thus that the church speaks of the “personal appearance” of the Lord Jesus Christ when the “sign of the Son of Man shall appear in the heavens.” The events ushering in the second coming nrght occupy a considerable time; there might be a series of stupendous events. In the revised veision the woid “coming” was rendered “ personal presence.” It meant the return of the Lord to the earth. The destruction of the “man of sin” would take place. He (the speaker) wished to avoid technical terms or points of dispute. Univeisal righteousness would reign. Anew impetus would be given to Ch:i tian effort. It could not be said when the looked for event would transpire. It was clear to him that the Lord’s coming would be personal and pre-milleidal. The truth was plain. (Hear, hear.) The speaker quoted and compared many Scripture passages, ami concluded by warning all from starting to consider these matters hampered by preconceived notions. At the interval meeting the Rev. J. Blaike pre sided. Dr Simpson Flett answered a number of questions that were handed in, and several ministers engaged in prayer. The Rev. R. Kennedy occupied the chair at the evening meeting. In addition to the names given' above, as present at the afternoon conference, the fol lowing were now present:—llev. Messrs G. D. Cox, C. 11\. Parsons, M. Hart, and W. Lochart Morton. After singingand prayer by the Revs. Allan Webb, A. Hir'd, and 11. I>. .Macartney, the Chairman delivered an address, in which he referred to the signs of the times, the frequency of su.-h conferences all over the world. The question arose, how and when should we see the Lord? Watchman, what of the night? When would all be really united to the glorious Bridegroom? Could they ever cease to long for His appearance? The laws of Chr st’s kingdom were as supreme and immutable as the laws of the material world. There was the same unchangeable law in the kingdom of God. “Ilis Word is settled in the heavens.” The second appearance of Christ was fixed, undoubtedly. Heappeiled to God’s Word, not man’s. Their busi ness in the conference was to exhibit only what was according to God’s Word, not a syllable would be uttered not in such accord. He then introduced Dr .Simpson Flett, who delivered an eloquent and exhaustive address on “The order and character of the various dispensations.” lie remarked on the clearly-defined uispeusations in the field of Scripture, which were as separate as one colony was separated from another, lie defined a dispensation to be a period, or age, characterised by a dealing of God with man upon adelinito and distinct principle, Every dispensation had (1) a definite principle, (2) its maxi-., mum, (X) failure in men’s hands, (-1) a promise of a Second Man with whom nothing could fail, (j) each dispensation ended in judgment, which makes room foranother. Til.-spe Ucer gave illustrationsin proof of these positions, tie spoke at some length on the dis pensation and history of law. Tht-use that man made of law was to put God’s Son to death. This was a dis pensation of Grace, to be followed by a dispensation of the Fulness of Times, lie described, in glowing language, the glories of the coming period, when Jesus should reign triumphant over the heavenly ami tlie earthly. The bride (the Church) would reign* with her Lord, He, being Head overall, surrounded by :d! nations. It would be an exhibition of Divine grace ami Divine government co-operating, exerting a re freshing’ influence over the earth. Satan must be overihrown; then anew order would be manifestly created. The “heavenly places” would be taken possession of by Christ and Mis saints, and Satan would be bound. Then would be ushered in the blessed and glorious millennial period. What was once the scene of Christ’s i umiliation and pain would become the scene of universal joy ami trium;»h. Theie could be no milienium without Satan being : banUhed, bound; then Christ would be seated on Ilis j throne, lie, in conclusion, ably summarised God’s dispensati nal dealings with His people. *lhe Rev. H. 15. Macartney, M.A., then spoke on “The State of the World at tin Coming of Christ.” It was in a state of darkness, as bad as the bell-fiend could make them, and things would be worse before they got better. Hope was not, however, dead in his b >som. lie believed that “ Jc»us shall reign where’er the sun Doth bis successive journeys run.” He dealt not only with Sculpture by itself, but also with certain familiar passages. When Jesus come-, the days will correspond with the days of Noah and Lot. v\ hat were those day--? They were s > bad that “It repented God that lie had made man.” From God’s point of view, the world was a teething mass of corruption—so would it be at the Lord’s coming. He referred to the fate of Sodom and Gomorrah for their sin and immorality, and tra-ed the Old Testament predictions as to the state of the world at the time in question. “Then shall the tribes of the earth mourn.” In Matt. xiii. it was seen that the last turns would be found full of iniquity. lie reviewed the .Apostolic writtngs outlie subject of “the last times,” especially those of rit. Paul, who wrote of “scoffers walking after their own lusts,” xe. St. John wrote of Antichrist. The time of Jesus’coming could not be very far away, for the sixth seal would in due time be broken. The greatest act of presumption would be when man pretended to be God, in the person of the Man of Sin; that was what they had to exnoet. Jesus must wield His sword before He could sway His sceptre. 'The wrath of God could never come on the blood washed throng, but the wicked (hundreds of millions) were marching down the road to perdition. Hut let ilis people rejoice. There were blessings for Ilis own but vengeance for IDs foes. The Rev. Arthur Green (who had come all the way f om Adelaide) next spoke on the condition of the church at the coming of the Lord. He touched on modern opinions on the subject and q oted some. The general opinion was that things clearer and brighter. He spoke of Jesus’ own forecast, and referred to the parable of the tares; evil and good would grow up together, lie referred to other parables ami their tc .filings. When the Son of Man cometh shill lie find faith on the earth? The obvious reply was in the negative. There were three things to be not and. 1. Relief in His coming. 2. Faith which shall bo on the earth; and J. Diligence in watching for the event. He sketched the character istics ot the early church, which were bright ami spiritual, but even in the first year of the church’s Instory greed and falsity intruded themselves (ease of Ananias and isapphira), false teachers, discord, and disunion, and carelessness crept in. After examining the history of the church in apostolic times within 51) years of the Day of Pentecost, he summed up showing how bad things were then, and proceeded to argue that they would he ten tiu.es worse when the I.oid comes again. People would not listen to sound doctrine; false teachers shall aris , \ bringing in damnable heresies, &c.; The spirit of Antiehrst was abro'd, even in those days, and the professing church would become apostate. All these predictions showed that bad as the stateof Christendom was it would be ID times worse. What is the proportion of the money spent on churches ami cha« ities compared with the sum spentby Christians upon theirown persona! coinfortaml luxuries? It was only a drop in the bucket; (Hear, hear.) The signs of the tim-s only bore but the tenth of the apostolic predictions. Many of theyoung men in . colleges were tinctured by what was called the “ new theology,” or Unitarianism. He (the speaker) had been interdicted by his college from preaching be cause he believed in the personal second coming of the Lord. He proceeded to criticise the condition of the churches, with their “pettifogging clique? and jealousies,scandalsandeake’fairs.” (Applause.) What was the meaning of all this? Mr Spurgeon might go much furtherthan he had. What, then, was theirduty ? To watch, and be sober; to beware of worldliness; to stand by the Rible in its purity, abiding in and having communion with Christ. Let them seek the old paths and walk in them, and avoid all insidious evil in fluences, and so be prepared for the Lord’s Second Coming. Let them be separated unto Him, or they would have no part or lot with Him. The meeting closed in the usual manner. To-day’s conference commences at J 3d ami at 7.3 *. Mr George (of Messrs Geotge and George) presided ably at the organ, both afternoon and at night. 