SFOHTim flOTES. THJl TDEi' 7.A.T.C. march Meeting. (rnoM oon neiioxnixe coruesposdest.) ^iturdnv. 12th slurcli. A very successful race meeting was held ut Cuulfield to-day. The weather was flue audthe attendance largo. - Tho following aro the results of theday's racing:— bEi.UNO Bace.—mroney, 1; The Gbost, 2-, Sorcerer, ^ Iho starters were—Crown Brand, Dclamia, Meer schaum, SLatford, Marouey, The Ghost, Bar One, aud Sorcerer. Lateat betttug: Evou money Ihe Ghost, 3 to 1 Marouey, 4 to X Sorcerer. JUaroney came out at the distance, aud won easily by over a length, half-a*. lenglit separating secoud and third. Stafford was fourth, Bar Ono fifth, nud Meerschaum last, rime—1 min 12 scs. Tho wiuner was bough* in at IlS0. Ua-Ndioiv Huudms Rack.—Whalebone, 1; Goodwood, 2: Huntsman, & ^ T Tho starters woro—Huntsman, Goodwood, Louis, Maroon, Roveugo, Euriiuil, uud Whalebono, Latest bottiug: 5 t.o 2 Goodwood, l to 1 Huutsmau or Revenge, 0 to t Louis, 7 to 1 Whatebone. Earimil throw bin rider at the third hurdle. Maroou made tho running to tho stand, then Whalebone went to tho front, aud led nil tho way round. Goodwood came fast, but too late at tho finish, and "Wluilebono won by tlirco longths, tho same distance separating socoud and third, aud Maroon secured fourth place. Time—4 mins 15 bocs. < Tub St. Kim>a Cim\—Abuse, 1; I'baon, 2; kobai, 3, Tho Hlnrters were—Kohai,A.ll Gold, Meteor, Pliaon, Ncwnmster, Lord Cocliraue, Desperado, Abuse, Impulse, Lesbia, Monotti, Lara, Hot Iron. Latest betting: 4 to 1 Kohai or Lara, 5 to 1 Pliaon, 6 to 1 Abuse. Lara and Lcflbia made the running at first, going round from the stand a mounted-constable got in tho way spreading the lield, and causing Lord Cochrane to run off. At tho sod wall If soin, Abuse aiidl?haou wero ill front, Abuse led at the distance, when Kohai made an olTort; Pinion tliou camo fast, but was too late in getting through. Splendid raca, won by a length, a nook separating second and tliird. Meteor was fourth. Timo—2 unus. 29 sees. HiKBicir STEKrLScniSE.—Sweetmeat, 1; Marmon, The ItartOTS were—Tho Irishman, Eoulette, Bauker, Curiosity, Naboclisb, Marmion, Clinuthua, Suupletou, Tho Dreamer. Latest betting-: 5 to 2 against Marmion, 5 to 1 Roulette or Bunker, G to 1 IrisUmauor CUauthua, 1 to 1 Sweetmeat. Simpleton baulked nt tho first fence. Curiosity made the running from the start, with Banker and Sweetmeat next. Entering the straight the order was—Curiosity, Banker, Sweetmeat, Mar mion, Tho Irishman, Naboclisk, Clianthus, Simpleton. Much the same order wag maintained pant tho stand, where Tho Irishman dropped back last. Banker and Curiosity got together, aud led over the fence ascend ing tho hill, whore Naboclisk camo down. Banker, Sweetmeat and Marinioa led round tho back, and at the sod wall Clianthus struck throwing her rider. Sweetmeat led into tho straight hulf a length in front of Marmion, with Roulette some distance off in third place. Sweetmeat won after a grand finish by three quarters of a length from Marinion. ttoulekte a bad third, and Banker fourth, and tho Irishman fifth. Time—1 mins. 5S sees. „ TnE Feukiul STiUKS. — Boi, 1; Bedouin, Ea Tha stjirters wore—Escutcheon, Box, Bedouin, Lad} Lovell, Albort Loddoit, Piugara, and The Droamor, Latest betting—Evou monoy Bedouin, 0 to 2 Hoi, j to 1 Escutcheon. The Dreamer made tho running to the sod wall,and Bedouin, Boz, ringara nud Escutcheon went to tho front. Won after a good fluwli by a nook. Lady Lovell fou»th, Piugnra, The Dreamer and Albert Loddon in the order named. Time—1 mm. 21 sees. The South Yauiu Hahdicaf.—Vascosa, 1; W jam Tell, 2; Straight Shot, 3. The startors wereWilliam Tell, Mitrailleuse, Straight Shot, Violot, Paugli -ft Ballajh, Damocles, Vascosa, Qadfly, Espoigle, Chicago, 10 1 QlnliKU* OUvI'i 4v lw 1 X/uiuwkiww 7* t i. 1 £ 15 to I Vascosa VasQoaa. soou weut to tho frout, but Chicago led into tho straight with Approbation and Straight Shot next, Straight Shot went to the front at the distauco with Vascosi&loso; up. Hie latter tlion took a good lead. Wllliam^'ell tried to got through on tho inside, hut finally getting out m tho middle, mado an effort but was too lite, aud Vascosa "0" Vy_ -1" , a neck separating second and third, Faugh-a-BallagU was fourth, Chicago, Approbation and Mitraillouso be ing noxt in order, Timo—1 nun 81$ s«cs, (IBIOK-M'. Enolisii PnoFESSioMALS v. East Mslbournf. CniCKBT Ci.uji (15.) (kuoir OUH OWN COllKKSrOSDBMT.) Melbouene, 12th March. This match was continued on the Jolimont Ground to-day, a genial huu and temporary breeze prevailing. Tho day was marked by an incroasod attendance onths part of tlio public, many talcing this oppertunitj to witness tho Englishmen's batting prowoss, before their tour in tho colony closed. Thoro wore euongli present to occupy tho whole of tho doublo row ot seat, round tho ground, whilo the pavilion and grand stand were filled to modoratiou. „, , , It was announced tlinfc til a game would bo resumed an hour earlior than usual, but tho players were not»» their places until a quarter past noon. 1 ™m the opening ovars nothing resuHcil, but at length Scotton started his iuuiugs by outting ltobertsou for a. kinglo. A series of units coming m slow miccosiioubrouijU .p 30, and then Scotton made tho first notable stroko by a cut to tlio boundary. Boundary lut» wore a new ex perience to this batsuiau, but tho smalUiCHa of the ground combined with the close disposition of the flold round the wiclcct, rendered tho acquisition easy. After a partnership of about half an hour Shorwin rail out at a tempting oue from liobdrtson, but not cateh 111^, the ballfaSy It roso into the a}r and «a« Hf.ldby Gordon at extra-mid-otl. Shorwtn was tho next in, but tho fainQj a custodian of tlio Wickets was caught by Dull™" slips boforo gettiugai) opportunity to scoro. 2-0-40. V?itli Barloyr'u advei>t Outfy, the ground bowler, corn* menced to bowl in place of M'Shano but the luncheon hour arrived without auy alteration having boon made, tho total then boing at C7. , . , , „.,,.:i:„„ On resuming, Cooper was giveun trial at the l> lvll'e" end. With Scotton aud Baripwin, tho play oould not bo otherwise than slow, and the spectators wore pot aorry when Uurjpiy, stomnpg o!ft of l|i« orasso te a treaeharons s)ow from Cooper, wasbovfled, Lewis iv(sq stumniug hiui, 31—T|igre was some applauso when Gunn made liis appearanco, this batsmaus free aud attractive play being greatly appreciated. Seven teen runs woro knocked up in au inconsiderable time, Scotton seldom contributing more than n "'"K ". ' "' that only at long intervals, when Boyle, who h bQo . bowling since 43, gained his first wickot by bowl g Gunn. 4—17—06. Flowers, who succeeded to the vacancy, had only ooutributod three wheu Cooper ut mW-offcauglithimout, off a very dimeaR baU rom Boyle 5—3—100. Tho next wicket to fall was ltoait s, who was stumped by Lewis, off Boyle, the from the wicketkoopcr's pads on to thB wn.tec Lohinaun was then associated with Scotton, and the baiting of tho two offered a marked contrast. I he former laid tho wood on with unusual vigor, being specially sovero on Cooper, oil whom incccssive fours in tho Bailie over. It was not until the total had been increased to 191 that the partner ship was severed, Scotton being run out by a splendid throw from tbo long ile\d by Brovmmg. 7,—» , 1* Bricirs retired with a modest four at Coopor a behest. On Bates joining Lobmann, M'Shaue *rs deposed m favor of C. Allo«» ijMderhand bonier. Tlio advert* men! to cbo old method was not fayorably ^ Lohmann, who gained eleven runfl only over. Tho scoring, whicli now became very rapid, .was Greatly assisted by the bad fielding of tlio club, a , ? \ Jwould only have yielded one or number01 remi^Doss of along fiolda two bocomlng four b> 270 rnna had jnan. When tbe stumpa draWU, boon totted up. The following aro ibo scores 13ast Melbourne Piftbbn, First innings Enolish Profebsiostaib. Shrewsbury, c Gordon, b ttoborteou ... ^ Scotton, run out... ... — n SberNvin, c Duffy, b Robertson ... »' " Harlow, b Cooper •" Gunn, b Boyle ... ■ «•» ,-* * . »' IMowers, c Cooper, b yoylu g Read, st Lewis, b Uoyle... ... Lohmann, not out ... jg Botes, uofcout ... ... ••• ' , Briggs, b J Sundries ... Tho niateffbetween tho first olovens of tho TTuited aud North Bendigo Clubs, was concluded at Creok on Saturday, the result being an easy victory far the formor. Lederman and Edwards played grand crjckgf, and l>nt on 189 runs, and were still togethor at tho ciosp qf t|ie day. c.X^° ^ T'ao irood and tho ground favorable for fast BCqpint, 11)0 Ilorth Bendigo fielded vory wall. Tho following aro the scores North Bendioo. . First Innings ... ••• Bekdigo Ukited. J. Beswiek, b Hicks ... ... ° M. Lederman, not out ... Ju., A. J. 1'oarce, b Tatchell ^ J. D. Edwards, not out — ™ Sundries •" WaUlo-ai^iare^v.'tho Cnmp Sciiool on 'Wednesday, Wattle-snnaro teain-Brokenshiro, Donovan Viokers. Karqu^nnd. D^gby, Elliott, Curnow. Beuuet^ Touu^, Pearson, Nosworthy, Keating, Craven, Water sou, Paddox, WRESTLING. Caksok v. Cossor. (fiioh ode j.kmjouuke ^YaTi^bM^ch. Tho wrestling match Cannon v. Conijor for the Grioeo-Eoman championshii>aud four took place at the Alexandra lheatre ! 5, wuh a hie house, Canuon was ghgbtl} the favoutr. Chi-istol judged for Cannon, aud M'Oatfras'for Connor, Blackburn boing reforeo. There was splendid wrestliug lnrhig the contest, both men putting Hi very clover work. There was not as much ground work as usual, the men making frequent changes. Camion nearly had t'onuor down twice, but the latter nearly scored a vio tm-f several timcH. TUete was great excitement as the men got out of tight places, but £°""orvwl^tv forcing and putting in most of tho work, „ot oia &k; hammer lock and half Notao.n, jv.nm»B the fir, of the throe falls in 32 minutes 55 sees. Cannon could not come to tiu,e, stating that ho had lujitred his llcol'> andtlva mateUiucludiug tho championship of and the world and the: stakes was awarded to Lounor. HDHLI^U. , ,, A qcr-itcb match of the Sandhurst Club vraa held on Saturday afternoon last at the Upi'jr Jteserva fw»S ..l.nsen bv Captain Downes aud ^ ice-captain t.orr. After an hour's slwrp play on both sides it resulted in a draw; the principal ptayers were Kerr,.Cons.dine, Gnllacker Walsh, Maiouey, captain, vice-captain, Couroy T Hogau and T. Sullivan. A large coucour.e of (people were present to witness the .game, which proved very interest 