THE NAVE. The great body of the general spectators were congregated in the Nave, along the sides of which galleries were constructed arranged in an amphitheatrical form, with ten rows of benches rising above one another, and calculated to hold at least 1,500 persons. Very shortly after five o'clock, the hour at which the Abbey was opened, these galleries began rapidly to fill, and by 7 o'clock were crowded. The spectacle presented by this vast audience was very striking. The diversified colors of the different dresses, naval and military officers in their respective uniforms; clergymen in canonical robes, civilians in endless variety of apparel — from the most orthodox full dress to the ordinary everyday garments (for the regulations as to full dress were by no means enforced, though none were to be seen who were not well attired) — and above all, the countless hues which marked the dresses of the fair — all combined to make the scene at once picturesque and pleasing. The patience of these spectators was to be severely tried by a six hours' delay; but there were not wanting numerous objects to divert their attention and wile away the tedious interval. Those more distinguished personages who had seats in the choir had of course to pass up the nave to reach their various destinations, and were a source of perpetually changing attraction. Now a Judge of the land, with slow and legal step, paced the floor; then, a Peer of the Realm, arrayed in coronation robes of crimson velvet, edged with ermine, and coronet in hand, not unfrequently with a real and unassumed dignity of port and bearing that forcibly reminded us of the "Knights and Barons bold" of by-gone ages; and led us for a moment to believe that "the age of chivalry" had not yet fled; anon, still more attractive, came some noble dame - her splendid flowing train spreading around her in luxurious magnificence, her fair and lofty brow bearing the impress of nobility, followed perhaps by some "lovely daughters of a noble house," not unworthy of their titled ancestors; officers, "in all the pomp and pride of glorious war;" bishops and eldermen, pursuivants, gentlemen- at-arms passing in quick succession. Between seven and eight companies of foot guards arrived and lined the hall. Many of the Foreign Ambassadors now arrived; and the novelty and richness of their dresses excited great admiration, not, however, equal to that which was awakened by the appearance of some of the younger branches of the female aristocracy, who, as they tripped lightly along the hall, seemed incarnations of loveliness and grace, their beauty needing not the aid of the costly gems that glittered around their persons. The Attorney General came in his official costume as first Law-officer of the Crown, accompanied by his noble consort the Lady Stratheden, in her robes as Peeress. One noble Peer came attended by a little child of such remarkable beauty as attracted universal observation, as Page, carrying his coronet. About half-past nine a cheer was heard outside, which announced the arrival of some distinguished person; and a few minutes after his Grace the Duke of Wellington entered. His appearance was greeted by an enthusiastic shout of applause. The Marquis of Normanby (late Earl Mulgrave) was received in a similar manner. Shortly after eleven Special Envoys from Foreign Powers began to arrive. The magnificence of their dresses, and that of their suites, were greatly admired. Marshal Soult was most cordially cheered. Their Royal Highnesses the Duchesses of Cambridge and Kent were enthusiastically received, especially the latter. Their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge met with as hearty a reception. As the Royal procession slowly wound its way between the lofty aisles, the spectacle presented was one as gorgeous and impressive as anything that could well be imagined. When her most Gracious Majesty came within sight, the vast audience simultaneously rose; and a shout "loud as from numbers without number," rung through the venerable arches of the Abbey, and was re-echoed by the multitudes without, testifying in sincere and heartfelt tones the loyalty and affection with which the youthful and august monarch of these realms was regarded by her thousands of assembled subjects. Her Majesty, as she walked up the nave, displayed perfect self-possession, returning the enthusiastic greetings with which she was received in a manner marked by that union of gentleness and dignity so characteristic of her Majesty. Her Majesty was immediately preceded by Lord Melbourne, and the Duke of Wellington (as Constable of the Tower) — a circumstance which was remarked by the spectators, and elicited no slight applause. On her Majesty's entering the choir, the cheering was again renewed, and was indeed only put a stop to by the opening of the Coronation Anthem. The Great Officers of State, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, the Noblemen appointed to carry the Regalia, all in their robes of estate, and the Bishops who were to support her Majesty, as well as those who were to carry the Bible, the Chalice, and the Patina, assembled in the Jerusalem Chamber adjoining the Deanery, before ten o'clock, where the Regalia, having been previously laid on the table, was delivered by the Lord Chamberlain of the Household to the Lord High Constable, and by him to the Lord Willoughby d'Eresby, as Lord Great Chamberlain, and by his Lordship, to the Noblemen, by whom the same were borne in the lollowing order, viz.:— \------------------ REGALIA. First, St. Edward's Staff, to the Duke of Roxburghe. Second, the Spurs, to the Lord Byron, Deputy to the Baroness Grey de Ruthyn. Third, the Sceptre of the Cross, to the Duke of Cleveland. Fourth, The pointed Sword of Temporal Justice, or Third Sword, to the Marquis of Westminster. Fifth, The pointed Sword of Spiritual Justice, or Second Sword, to the Duke of Sutherland. Sixth, Curtans, Or Sword of Mercy, to the Duke of Devonshire. Seventh, The Sword of Sate, to Viscount Melbourne. Eighth, The Sceptre of the Dove, to the Duke of Richmond. Ninth, The Orb, to the Duke of Somerset. Tenth, St. Edward's Crown, to the Duke of Hamilton, as Lord High Chancellor. Eleventh, The Patina, to the Bishop of Bangor. Twelfth, The Chalice, to the Bishop of Lincoln. Thirteenth, The Bible, to the Bishop of Winchester. The Dean and Prebendaries of Westminister were in the Nave, in readiness to join the proceeding next before the Officers of her Majesty's Household. Her Majesty, and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal, attended by the officers of the household, having arrived at the west entrance of the Abbey, her Majesty was received by the great officers of State; the Noblemen bearing the regalia, and the Bishops carrying the patina, the chalice, and the Bible, when her Majesty repaired to her robing chamber, constructed on the right of the platform, without the entrance. The Ladies of her Majesty's household, and the officers of the Royal household, and of the respective households of the Princes and Princesses to whom duties were not assigned in the solemnity, immediately proceeded to the places prepared for them respectively. Her Majesty having been robed, advanced up the nave into the choir; the choristers in the orchestra singing the anthem, "I was glad when they said unto me, we will go into the house of the Lord," &c.; At a quarter before 12 o'clock the head of the procession appeared issuing from the Royal entrance, under the organ, and advanced up the aisle in the following order: The Prebendaries and Dean of Westminster. Officers of Arms. Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household (attended by two gentlemen), bearing the crimson bag with the medals. Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household. Her Majesty's Vice-Chamberlain, acting for the Lord Chamberlain of Her Majesty's Household, attended by an Officer of the Jewel Office, bearing on a cushion the Ruby Ring and a Sword for the offering. The Lord Privy Seal; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord Steward of Her Majesty's Household; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord President of the Council; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord Chancellor of Ireland, attended by his Purse-bearer; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord Archbishop of Armagh, in his Rochet, with his Cap in his hand. The Lord Archbishop of York, in his Rochet, with his Cap in his hand. The Lord High Chancellor, attended by his Purse-bearer; his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in his Rochet, with his Cap in his hand, attended by two Gentlemen. PRINCESSES OF THE BLOOD ROYAL. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, in a Robe of Estate of Purple Velvet, and wearing a Circlet of gold on her head. Her train borne by Lady Caroline Campbell assisted by a Gentleman of her household, the Coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Villiers. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, in a Robe of Estate of Purple Velvet, and wearing a Circlet of Gold on her head, Her train borne by Lady Flora Hastings, assisted by a Gentleman of her household, the Coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Morpeth. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester, in a Robe of Estate of Purple Velvet, and wearing a Circlet of Gold on her head, Her train borne by Lady Caroline, assisted by a Gentlemen of her household, the Coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Emlyn. THE REGALIA. St. Edward's Staff ¦ The Golden ¦ The Sceptre borne by the ¦ Spurs, ¦ with the Cross, Duke of Roxburghe; ¦ borne by ¦ borne by the his Coronet carried ¦ Lord Byron; ¦ Duke of by a Page. ¦ his Coronet ¦ Cleveland; The Third Sword, ¦ carried by a ¦ his Coronet borne by the ¦ Page. ¦ carried by a Marquis of ¦ Curtans, ¦ Page. Westminster; ¦ borne by the ¦ The Second his Coronet ¦ Duke of Devonshire ¦ Sword, borne carried ¦ his ¦ by the Duke by ¦ Coronet ¦ of Sutherland; a ¦ carried by a ¦ his coronet carried Page. ¦ Page. ¦ by a Page Black Rod. Deputy Garter. The Lord Willoughby d'Eresby, As Lord Great Chamberlain of England ; his Coronet borne by a Page. PRINCES OF THE BLOOD ROYAL. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in his robes of estate, carrying his baton as Field Marshal; his Coronet borne by the Marquis of Granby; his train borne by Major-General Sir William Gomm. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, in his robes of estate; his Coronet carried by Viscount Anson; his train borne by the Hon. Edward Gore. The High Constable of Ireland, Duke of Leinster, his Coronet borne by a Page. The High Constable of Scotland, Earl of Erroll; his Coronet borne by a Page. The Earl Marshal of England, the Duke of Norfolk, with his Staff; attended by two Pages. The Sword of State borne by Viscount Melbourne, his Coronet carried by a Page. The Lord High Constable of England, Duke Wellington, with his staff and baton, as Field Marshal; attended by two Pages. The Sceptre ¦ St. Edward's ¦ The Orb, with the Dove, ¦ Crown, ¦ borne by the borne by the ¦ borne by the ¦ Duke of Somerset; Duke of Richmond, ¦ Lord High ¦ his his ¦ Steward, Duke ¦ Coronet carried Coronet carried ¦ of Hamilton; ¦ by a by a ¦ attended by ¦ Page. Page. ¦ two Pages. ¦ The Patina ¦ The Bible ¦ The Chalice borne by ¦ borne by ¦ borne by the Bishop of ¦ the Bishop of ¦ the Bishop of Bangor. ¦ Winchester. ¦ Lincoln. THE QUEEN in her Royal robe of Crimson Velvet, furred with Ermine, and bordered with Gold Lace; wearing the Collars of her Orders; on her head Circlet of Gold. [Left] Ten Gentlemen At Arms with their Standard Bearer. The Bishop of Bath and Wells. [Right] Ten Gentlemen At Arms with their Lieutenant. The Bishop of Durham. Her Majesty's Train was borne by Lady Adeline Paget. Lady Caroline Amelia Gordon Lennox. Lady Frances Elizabeth Cowper. Lady Mary Alethea Beatrix Talbot. Lady Annie Wentworth Fitzwilliam. Lady Catherine Lucy Wilhelmina Stanhope. Lady Mary Augusta Frederica Grimston. Lady Louisa Harriet Jenkinson. Assisted by Lord Chamberlain of the Household (his Coronet borne by a Page), followed by the Groom of the Robes. Her Majesty proceeded at a slow pace up the aisle, and on being recognised by the people, was hailed with a general and hearty burst of acclamation, which was, however, speedily repressed. The Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes. Marchioness of Lansdowne, First Lady of the chamber. Ladies of the bedchamber, viz.: Countess of Charlemont, Marchioness of Tavistock, Lady Lyttleton. Countess of Mulgrave. Lady Portman. Lady Barham. Maids of Honour, viz.:— Hon. Margaret Dillon. Hon. Harriet Pitt. Hon. Miss Cavendish. Hon. Caroline Cocks. Hon. Miss Lister. Hon. Matilda Paget. Hon. Miss Spring Rice. Hon. Miss Murray. Women of the Bedchamber:— Lady Harriet Clive. Lady Caroline Barrington. Lady Theresa Digby. Lady Charlotte Copley. Hon. Mrs. Bland. Viscount Forbes. Lady Gardiner. Hon. Mrs. Campbell. The Gold Stick of the Life Guards in Waiting; his Coronet borne by a Page. The Master of the Horse; his Coronet borne by a Page. The Captain-General of the Royal Archer Guard of Scotland; his Coronet borne by a Page. The Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard; his Coronet borne by a Page. The Captain of the Band of Gentlemen-at-Arms; his Coronet borne by a Page. Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse. Ensign of the Yeomen of the Guard. Lieutenant of the Yeomen of the Guard. Exons of the Yeomen of the Guard. Clerk of the Cheque to the Yeomen of the Guard. Exons of the Yeomen of the Guard. Twenty Yeomen of the Guard. The Prebendiaries, entering the choir, ascended the theatre, and passed over it to their station on the south side of the altar, beyond the Queen's chair. The Lord Steward of the Household passed to his seat as a peer; and the Vice- Chamberlain, Treasurer, and Comptroller of her Majesty's Household passed to their seats. The Lord Archbishops of York and Armagh, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland then proceeded to their seats. The Dean of Westminster, the Great Officers of State, viz., the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord High Constable, the Earl Marshal, with the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, ascended the Theatre, and stood near the great southeast pillar thereof. The Princesses and the attendants of their Royal Highnesses were conducted by the Officers of Arms to the Royal Box. The Princes of the Blood Royal were conducted to their seats as Peers, by the Officers of Arms; and the Noblemen who carried the coronets, and the train bearers of their Royal Highnesss, went to the places provided for them. The High Constables of Scotland and Ireland were conducted to their places as Peers. The Pages, upon ascending the Theatre, delivered the Coronets and Staves which they had carried to the respective Noblemen, and went to the seats provided for them. The Gentlemen-at-Arms who guarded her Majesty remained at the foot of the steps ascending to the Theatre; the Officers of the Yeomen of the Guard and the Exons stood within and near to the choir door, and the Yeomen of the Guard in the nave on the outside of the entrance to the choir. The Queen, ascending the theatre, passed on the south side of her Throne to her Chair of State on the south-east side of the theatre, being the Recognition Chair, and after her private devotion (kneeling, on the faldstool) took her seat; the Bishops, her supporters, standing on each side; the Noblemen bearing the Four Swords on her Majesty's right hand, the Sword of State being nearest the Royal Person; the Lord Great Chamberlain and the Lord High Constable on her left; the other Great Officers of State, the Noblemen bearing the Regalia, the Dean of Westminster, Deputy Garter, and Black Rod, standing near the Queen's Chair; the Bishops bearing the Bible, the Chalice, and the Patina, stood near the pulpit, and the Train-bearers, the Lord Chamberlain of the Household, and the Groom of the Robes, behind her Majesty. The Mistress of the Robes, the Ladies of the Bed-chamber, and Maids of Honor, and the Women of the Bedchamber, passed to the seats provided for them. The Master of the Horse, the Gold Stick, the Captain-General of the Archer Guard of Scotland, the Captain of the Band cf Gentlemen-at-Arms, and the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, passed to their seats as Peers, and the Keeper of her Majesty's Privy Purse to a seat provided for him. THE RECOGNITION. Upon the conclusion of the Anthem, the Archbishop of Canterbury advanced from his station at the south- east pillar, and, together with the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Great Chamberlain, tbe Lord High Constable, and the Earl Marshal, preceded by Deputy Garter, moved to the east side of the theatre where the Archbishop made the recognition thus:— "Sirs, I here present unto you Queen Victoria, the undoubted Queen of this realm; wherefore, all you who are come this day to do your homage, are you willing to do the same?" and repeated the same at the south, west, and north sides of the theatre; during which time her Majesty remained standing by her chair, and turned towards the people on the side at which the recognition was made, the people replying to each demand with loud and repeated acclamations of "God save Queen Victoria;" and, at the last recognition, the trumpets sounded and the drums beat. The bearers of the regalia during the recognition remained standing about her Majesty. Her Majesty then resumed her seat; and the Bible, the Chalice, and the Patina were carried to and placed upon the altar by the Bishops who had borne them, who then retired to their seats. The Great Officers having resumed their station near her Majesty, two Officers of the Wardrobe then spread a rich cloth of gold, and laid a cushion on the same for her Majesty to kneel on, at the steps of the altar. The Archbishop of Canterbury then proceeded to the altar, put on his cope, and stood on the north side. The Bishops who were to read the Litany also vested themselves in their copes. THE FIRST OFFERING. The Queen, attended by the two Bishops as her supporters, and the Dean of Westminster, the Great Officers, and the Noblemen bearing the regalia and the four swords going before her Majesty, passed to the altar. Her Majesty, kneeling upon the cushion, made her first offering of a pall or altar cloth of gold, which was delivered by an Officer of the Wardrobe to the Lord Chamberlain, by his Lordship to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and by him to the Queen, who delivered it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, by whom it was placed on the altar. The Treasurer of the Household then delivered an ingot of gold, of one pound weight, to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who having presented the same to the Queen, her Majesty delivered it to the Archbishop, and was by him put into the Oblation Basin. Her Majesty continuing to kneel, the prayer, "O God, who dwellest in the high and holy place," &c.;, was said by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of the prayer her Majesty rose and went, attended as before, to the Chair of State on the south side of the area. The Regalia, except the swords, were then delivered by the several Noblemen who bore the same to the Archbishop, and by his Grace to the Dean of Westminster to be laid on the altar; the Great Officers of State (with the exception of the Lord Great Chamberlain), and the Noblemen who had borne the Regalia deposited on the altar, going to the respective places appointed for them; the Bishop of Durham standing on the right hand of her Majesty, with the Noblemen carrying the swords on the right hand; the Bishop of Bath and Wells on her Majesty's left hand, and, near him, the Lord Great Chamberlain. The Noblemen bearing the swords (except the Sword of State) continued to stand on the south side of the area until the Inthronization. THE LITANY Was then read by the Bishops of Worcester and St. David's, kneeling at a faldstool above the steps of the theatre, in the centre of the east side thereof, the choir reading the responses. At the conclusion of the Litany, the Bishops resumed their seats on the bench along the north side of the area. THE COMMUNION SERVICE. Previously to which the choir sang the Sanctus — "Holy! Holy! Holy! Lord God of Hosts!" The Archbishop then began the service, the Bishop of Rochester reading the Epistle, and the Bishop of Carlisle the Gospel. The service being concluded, the Bishops returned to their seats. THE SERMON Was then preached by the Bishop of London. During the sermon her Majesty continued to sit in her chair on the south side of the area, opposite the pulpit, supported on her right by the Bishop of Durham, and beyond him, on the same side, stood the Noblemen, carrying the swords; on her left the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and near him the Lord Great Chamberlain. The Archbishop of Canterbury took his seat in a purple velvet chair, on the north side of the area, Deputy Garter standing near him. The Dean of Westminister standing on the south side of the area, east of the Queen's chair, and near the altar. The text from which the Right Rev. Prelate preached was the 84th Chapter 2nd Book of Chronicles, v. 31. THE OATH. The sermon being concluded (and her Majesty having, on Monday, the 20th day of November, 1837, in the presence of the two Houses of Parliament, made and signed the declaration), the Archbishop of Canterbury advanced towards the Queen and standing before her, ministered the questions prescribed by the service; which having been answered by her Majesty, she arose from her chair, and, attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain — the Sword of State alone being borne before her Majesty — went to the altar, where, kneeling upon the cushion placed on the steps, and laying her right hand on the Holy Gospels, tendered to her Majesty by the Archbishop, she took the Coronation Oath, kissed the book, and to a transcript of the oath set her Royal sigh manual, the Lord Chamberlain of the Household holding a silver standish for that purpose, delivered to him by an officer of the Jewel Office. The Queen then returned to her chair, where her Majesty had sat during the sermon, on the south side of the area, the following hymn being sung by the Choir, the Archbishop reading the first line, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," &c.; THE ANOINTING. Upon the conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop read the prayer preparatory to the anointing, "O Lord, Holy Father, who by anointing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate Kings,Priests, and Prophets,'' &c.; At the conclusion of this prayer the choir sang the anthem, "Zadok the Priest and Nathan the Prophet," &c.; At the commencement of the anthem the Queen arose from her chair, went before the altar, and attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Sword of State being borne before her, was disrobed of her crimson robe by the Mistress of the Robes, assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, which were immediately carried into St. Edward's Chapel by the Groom of the Robes. The Queen then proceeded to and sat down in St. Edward's chair, covered with cloth of gold, and with a faldstool before it, placed in front of the allar, when her Majesty was anointed; four Knights of the Garter, viz., the Duke of Rutland, the Marquis of Anglesey, the Marquis of Exeter, and the Duke of Buccleuch (summoned by Deputy Garter), holding over the Queen's head a rich pall or cloth of gold, delivered to them by the Lord Chamberlain, who received the same from an Officer of the Wardrobe; and the anthem being concluded, the Dean of Westminster took from the ampulla containing the consecrated oil, and, pouring some into the anointing spoon, the Archbishop anointed her Majesty on the head and hands in the form of a cross, pronouncing the words — "Be thou anointed," &c.; The Queen then kneeling at her faldstool, the Archbishop, standing on the north side of the altar, pronounced the prayer after the anointing; when her Majesty arising, resumed her seat in St. Edward's Chair; the Knights of the Garter returned the pall to the Lord Chamberlain (which was by him re-delivered to the Officer of the Wardrobe) and returned to their seats. THE SPURS. After this the Dean took the spurs from the altar, and delivered them to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who, kneeling down, presented them to her Majesty, who returned them, to be laid upon the altar. THE SWORD. The Viscount Melbourne, carrying the Sword of State, now delivered it to the Lord Chamberlain, and, in lieu thereof, received from him another sword in a scabbard of purple velvet (presented to him by an officer of the Jewel Office, who took charge of the Sword of State), which his Lordship delivered to the Archbishop, who laid it on the altar, and said the prayer, "Hear our prayers, O Lord, we beseech thee, and so direct and support thy servant, Queen Victoria," &c.; The Archbishop then took the sword from off the altar, and assisted by the Archbishops of York and Armagh, with the Bishops of London, Winchester, and other Bishops, delivered the sword into the Queen's right hand, saying, "Receive this kingly sword," &c.; OFFERING OF THE SWORD. The Queen, rising up, went to the altar, where Her Majesty offered the sword in the scabbard (delivering it to the Archbishop, who placed it on the altar), and then returned to and sat down in St. Edward's Chair; the sword was then redeemed for one hundred shillings by Viscount Melbourne, who received it from the Dean, and carried it during the remainder of the solemnity, having first drawn it out of the scabbard, and delivered the latter to an Officer of the Wardrobe. The Archbishops and Bishops who had assisted during the offering returned to their places. THE INVESTING WITH THE MANTLE. The Queen then standing, Her Majesty was invested by the Dean with the Imperial mantle, or dalmatic robe of cloth of gold, delivered to him by the Officer of the Wardrobe, the Lord Great Chamberlain fastening the clasps. THE ORB. The Queen then sitting down, the Archbishop having received the orb from the Dean, delivered it into the Queen's right hand, saying, " Receive this Imperial robe and orb," &c.; Her Majesty then returned the orb to the Dean, who laid it on the altar. THE RING. The Lord Chamberlain of her Majesty's household then receiving from the officer of the Jewel Office the ruby ring, delivered the same to the Archbishop, who put it on the fourth finger of the Queen's right hand, saying, " Receive this ring," &c.; THE SCEPTRES. The Dean then brought from the altar the sceptre with the cross and sceptre with the dove, and delivered them to the Archbishop. In the meantime the Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, left his seat, and approaching the Queen, and kneeling, presented to her Majesty a glove for her right hand, embroidered with the arms of Howard, which her Majesty put on. The Archbishop then delivered the Sceptre with the Cross into her Majesty's right hand, saying, "Receive the Royal Sceptre," &c.; and then the Sceptre with the Dove into her left hand, saying, " Receive the rod of Equity," &c.; and the Lord of the Manor of Workshop supported her Majesty's right arm, and held the Sceptre. THE CROWNING. The Archbishop standing before the altar, and having St. Edward's Crown before him, took the same into his hands, and consecrated and blessed it with prayer, "O God, who crownest thy faithful servants with mercy," &c.; Then the Archbishop came from the altar, assisted by the Archbishops of York and Armagh, with the Bishops of London, Winchester, and other Bishops, the Dean of Westminster carrying the Crown; and the Archbishop took and placed it on her Majesty's head ; when the people with loud and repeated shouts, cried "God Save the Queen;" and immediately the Peers and Peeresses present put on their Coronets; the Bishops their caps; and the Kings of Arms their crowns; the trumpets sounding, the drums beating, and the Tower and Park guns firing by signal. Never did we hear louder or more hearty plaudits, that almost rent the walls of the old Abbey, setting at nought all etiquette and ceremony, than those which burst from the lips and hearts of her attached and loyal people, when the Crown was placed on the head of their young and lovely Sovereign. The acclamations having ceased, the Archbishop pronounsed the exhortation, "Be strong, and of a good courage," &c.; The choir then sang the following anthem, "The Queen shall rejoice," &c.; THE HOLY BIBLE. The Dean then taking the Holy Bible, from the Altar, delivered it to the Archbishop, who, attended and assisted by the same Archbishops and Bishops as before, presented it to the Queen, saying, "Our Gracious Queen," &c.; The Queen then returned the Bible to the Archbishop, who gave it to the Dean, and by him replaced on the Altar, the Archbishops and Bishops returning to their seats. THE BENEDICTION AND TE DEUM. The Archbishop then pronounced the Benediction, the Bishops and the Peers following every part ot the Benediction with a loud Amen. The Archbishop then, turning to the people, said, "And the same Lord God Almighty grant," &c.; The "Te Deum" was sung by the choir, at the commencement of which the Queen removed to the recognition chair on which her Majesty first sat, on the south east side of the Throne, the two Bishops her supporters, the great Officers of State, the Noblemen carrying the swords, and the Noblemen who had borne the Regalia, coming from their respective places, and attending her Majesty. THE INTHRONIZATION. Te Deum being ended, the Queen ascended the theatre, and was lifted into her Throne by the Archbishops, Bishops, and Peers around her Majesty, and, being so inthroned, all the great Officers of State, the Noblemen bearing the swords, and the Noblemen who had borne the other Regalia, stood around about the steps of the Throne, when the Archbishop, standing before the Queen, pronounced the exhortation, " Stand firm and hold fast," &c.; THE HOMAGE. The Exhortation being ended, her Majesty delivered the sceptre with the cross to the Lord of the Manor of Worksop, to hold the same on her right hand, and the sceptre with the dove to the Duke of Richmond, to hold the same on her left hand during the homage. The Archbishop then knelt before the Queen, and, for himself and the other Lords spiritual, pronounced the words of Homage, they kneeling around him, aud saying after him. The Archbishop then kissed her Majesty's hand, and the rest of the Lords spiritual did the same and retired. Then the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge, ascending the steps of the Throne, and taking off their coronets, knelt before the Queen; and the Duke of Sussex pronounced the words of homage, the Duke of Cambridge saying after him. Their Royal Highnesses then severally touched the Crown upon her Majesty's head, and kissed her Majesty's left cheek, and then retired. The Dukes and other Peers thereupon performed their homage, the senior of each degree pronouncing the words of homage, and the rest of the same degree saying after him, and each Peer in the same degree successively, touching her Majesty's hand, and then retiring. The Peers bearing the swords, when going to perform their homage, delivered them to noblemen near them to hold during the ceremony. At the conclusion of the homage, the Queen received the two sceptres from the Dukes of Norfolk and Richmond. During the performance of the homage the choir sang the anthem, "This is the day which the Lord hath made," &c.;, and the Treasurer of her Majesty's Household threw about the medals of the Coronation. THE HOLY SACRAMENT. After the anthem the Bishops of Carlisle and Rochester, who had read the Epistle and Gospel, received from the altar, by the hands of the Archbishop, the patina and the chalice, which they carried into St. Edward's Chapel, and brought from thence the bread upon the patina, and the wine in the chalice. Her Majesty then delivered the sceptres to the Dukes of Norfolk and Richmond, and descended from her Throne, attended by her supporters, and assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Sword of State being borne before her, and went to the altar, and taking off her Crown, delivered it to the Lord Great Chamberlain to hold; and then knelt down. Then the Bishops delivered the patina and chalice into the Queen's hands; and her Majesty delivered them to the Archbishop, who, having said the prayer, " Bless, O Lord," &c.;, reverently placed the same on the altar, covering them with a fair linen cloth. The Queen, still kneeling, made her SECOND OFFERING (a purse of gold), which the Treasurer of the Household delivered to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and he to Her Majesty, from whom the Archbishop received it. The Archbishop then said the prayer, "O God, who dwellest," &c.; Her Majesty then went to her chair on the south side of the area knelt at her faldstool. When the Archbishop and the Dean, with the Bishops' assistants, namely, the preacher, and those who had read the litany, and the Epistle and Gospel, had communicated, Her Majesty approached the altar and received the Sacrament, the Archbishop administering the bread, and the Dean of Westminster the cup. The Queen then received the Crown from the Lord Great Chamberlain, and put it on, and repaired to her throne, receiving again the sceptre with the cross in her right hand, and the sceptre with the dove in her left, being there supported and attended as during the inthronization. The Archbishop then proceeded with the Communion service, at the end of which the choir sang the anthem, " Hallelujah, for the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth," &c.;, and the same being concluded, the Archbishop read the final prayers and pronounced the blessing. The service being concluded, her Majesty, atttended by the two Bishops her supporters, the Great Officers of State, the noblemen bearing the four swords before her, and the noblemen who had carried the regalia then lying upon the altar, descended into the arena, and passed through the door on the south side into St. Edward's Chapel; the noblemen who had carried the regalia receiving them from the Dean of Westminster as they passed by into the Chapel; the organ and other instruments all the while playing. Her Majesty being in the Chapel, and standing before the altar, delivered the sceptre with the dove, which her Majesty had borne in her left hand, to the Archbishop, who laid it upon the altar there. Her Majesty was then disrobed of her Royal Imperial mantle or robe of State, and arrayed in her Royal robe of purple velvet by the Lord Groat Chamberlain. The Archbishop then placed the Orb in her Majesty's left hand. The Noblemen, who had carried the gold spurs, and Sir Edward's staff, delivered the same to the Dean, and by him it was deposited on the altar in the chapel. Whilst her Majesty was in St. Edward's Chapel, the Officer of Arms arranged the procession for the return, so that all were ready to move at the moment when the Queen left the chapel. Her Majesty then proceeded out of the Choir, and to the west door of the Abbey, the Queen wearing her Crown, and bearing in her right hand, the sceptre with the cross, and in her left the orb; their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Princesses wearing their coronets. The four swords were borne before the Queen in the same order as before. The Dean and Prebendaries, and the Bishops, who had carried the Bible, the Chalice, and the Patina, remained in the choir. The Noblemen who had severally carried the crown, the orb, the sceptre with the dove, the spurs, and St. Edward's staff, walked in the same places as before; those who had staves and batons carrying the same; all Peers wearing their coronets; and the Archbishops and the Bishops supporting her Majesty wearing their caps; and the Kings of Arms their crowns. The swords and the regalia were received near the west door by the officers of the Jewel Office appointed for that purpose. Her Majesty and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal then returned to the Royal Palace with the same state in their proceeding to the Abbey. THE INTERIOR. For the information of the uninitiated among our readers — the interior of the "auncient Abbaye" of "Westminster being to many, even to the good citizens of London, "a sealed book" — it may be necessary to state that the vast pile is in the form of a cross, the aisles from the Royal entrance running west and east, and the transepts north and south, the centre of the building being the theatre where the chief portion of the august and impressive ceremony took place; and where the young and lovely Queen of these realms formed to-day the great point of attraction, "the cynosure of every eye," of the countless thousands of the elite of the aristocracy and gentry of this and every other civilised nation on the face of the globe, assembled within the venerable pile. From the western entrance, where her Majesty passed under the organ gallery to the theatre, a raised platform twenty-four feet wide was erected, with a smaller platform on either side for the accommodation of those personages who took a part in the imposing ceremony. In the centre of the Abbey, and immediately under the lantern, was a square platform, ascended by four steps, covered with claret-coloured drapery, richly embroidered in gold. Here was placed the throne or chair of state, facing the altar, in which her Majesty received the homage of the people. Its sides were hung with gold lace of great richness and elegance, the seat and back being covered with crimson velvet, on which the Boyal Arms were splendidly emblazoned, and the pillars, flutings, &c.;, being of burnished gold. There was also a foot-stool corresponding in every particular with the throne itself. At each corner of the theatre were semi-circular rails, within which the heralds and yeomen of the Guard, bearing their partizans, remained during the ceremony. At the eastern or opposite extremity of the building was the altar, surmounted by a lofty canopy, supporting various emblematical figures in gold. The drapery behind it consisted of silk damask, extending along the whole of the front gallery, and draped up with elegant festoons of gold and cord tassels. On the right of the altar, was the offering table, covered with garter blue Genoa velvet, bordered with lace and fringed with gold. In front of this table, and close to the theatre, was the pulpit, elevated on a splendidly gilt and decorated pedestal — the pulpit and cushion being covered with crimson velvet, richly fringed with gold lace. The south side of the sacrarium was occupied by the royal box. The drapery here was of the most costly description being trimmed with loops of gold rope, bordered and fringed with gold lace, the interior lined with white satin, elegantly fluted, and the chairs, which were of an extremely beautiful and unique pattern, being also elegantly gilt and ornamented. Her Majesty's Litany chair and faldstool were placed at the foot of the stage supporting the throne; the drapery was of the same costly material and of corresponding magnificence with the other arrangements for this august and important occasion. In the eastern aisle, immediately above the altar, which on former occasions was occupied by the choir, was the gallery for the accommodation of the members of the House of Commons. The seats, &c.;, were covered with scarlet cloth and gold ornaments. Above this was another gallery, rising nearly to the roof of the building, the of which were also covered with crimson cloth. The fronts of the various galleries were decorated with hanging of the same material, trimmed with a deep gold fringe, and having the Royal arms embroidered in gold in the centre. At intervals of about ten feet, extending along the entire ranges of the galleries were triangular pillars, elegantly fluted and finished with gold mouldings. The north and south transepts were occupied for about half their depth with galleries for the accommodation of the Peeresses and Peers; these, with the smaller galleries above them and the vaultings, were finished in the same chaste and elegant manner. All the galleries, ascending amphitheatrically to the roof, afforded a commodious view of the proceedings to the immense assemblage of spectators. The nave behind the organ, with its galleries right and left, the Gothic screen in front, and the Gothic tracery over the Royal entrance, had an imposing effect. The gilded shafts and pinnacles of the organ were in perfect keeping with the antique Gothic architecture by which it was surrounded. Beneath the organ was the gallery for the vocal and instrumental performers, affording accommodation for upwards of four hundred persons. The most exquisite taste was displayed in all the arrangements which we have thus briefly, and, we fear, imperfectly described. The admiration of all parties was elicited not so much by the splendour of the decorations, as by the perfect consistency and keeping of all the parts, applied as they were to the interior of so ancient a fabric as the Abbey, and harmonising so completely with the massive grandeur of the time-stained walls, which were judiciously left in all their original architectural beauty and simplicity. From the great western entrance through the nave, along the aisles into the interior of the theatre, including the choir, north and south transepts, altar, galleries above and on all sides, there was a perfect uniformity of style; all that was requisite was included; and although gorgeous and magnificent almost beyond description, there was nothing to offend the eye of the most fastidious, or in any way to lessen the general effect of the entire. The most attractive and interesting portion of the Abbey was the north transept, in which were assembled several hundreds of England's noblest and most lively dames in their robes of estate. This point, more especially when the sun flung its rays across it, was a perfect blaze of diamonds and other costly gems. The doors of the several entrances to the Abbey were opened precisely, at five o'clock, and nothwithstanding the immense numbers who even at that early hour had assembled, such were the excellent arrangements made that no crowding or inconvenience took place, all parties being directed by the police and other attendants stationed along the passages to the galleries and sittings indicated on their tickets. In about half an hour, the upper and lower Choir Galleries in the West Aisle, and the Vaultings over the aisles and transepts were completely filled, principally by ladies in full dress. The Judges, Vice- Chancellor, and Master of Rolls, in their state robes, took their seats at the end of the choir nearest the Theatre. At a few minutes past six o'clock, the attendants proceeded from the Western entrance with the plate for the altar, the arrangements for which had not been completed up to that hour. From seven o'clock a continued stream of Peers, Peeresses, and other distinguished personages entitled to pass through the Western entrance and up the Aisle, were pouring into the Abbey, and were conducted by the Heralds and Exons to the places assigned them, the Peeresses taking their seats according to their rank m the North transcept, and the Peers in the same order in the South transept. The Sheriffs, Aldermen, and the Members of the Corporation sat below the Judges in the Choir, and close to the Western entrance. The Members of the House of Commons, who were all in Court dress or uniform, arrived about half-past nine, and in a very short time the lower and upper galleries were filled. Among the distinguished individuals who attracted most observation in their passage up the aisle were his Royal Highness the Duke de Nemours and suite, Prince George of Cambridge, Earl Grey, Lord Lyndhurst, the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, the Marchioness of Londonderry, &c.; At ten o'clock the firing of the guns announced the departure of her Majesty from the Palace, and the scene in the Abbey then became much more interesting and animated. The sun, which had been obscured during the morning, at this period poured a flood of brilliant light through the lofty Gothic windows upon the gorgeous assemblage beneath. It is impossible to describe the brilliant and picturesque effect of the various costumes — uniforms, robes, and draperies of every fantastic form and hue glittering with brilliants, pearls, aud gold and silver lace, which met the eye in every direction. From the theatre of the vast building to the vaultings, every point was crowded to excess, and all eyes were strained to catch the first sight of their young and lovely Sovereign. Among the latest arrivals were the Foreign Ambassadors, with their suites, forming many gorgeous and varied groups of uniforms and decorations. They occupied the Eastern Gallery, opposite the Royal Box. 