INTERCOLONIAL NEW S. (ruom OUm SPECAL COBRusPO'.DINTI)r VICTORIA. MELPO` RNEgN, hJnL 15: ' The following are the latest scratchings' in connection wi?th the V.R.C. Winter. Steeplechase Meeting :-Grand NationaL Hurdles-Blua Mountain, Ocean, Jacket, Dragon, Pidd4er,.Trent. Grand National: Steeple-G?me, Dragon, Wymlet;. and. Major for all engagements; Lord Carrington arrived from Sydney' to-day, and was driven to. Government' House, where he' will remain guest during: his stay inVictoria, The fino q ourses of the Waterloo Cup Meet were run to-day. The Cup-Mr, P. A. Lamb's Livingstone, by Mutineer-Latest News, beat Mr. B. Hepburn's Stretcher, by Chronometer-Squilj 2nd,. and won. The Purse-Mr. H. A. Salway a Masttr Willie,. by Monsoon - Gazetto, beat Mr. W.. Bailley'e Ballarat Jewel, by Capri-Quies,. and won. The Plate-Mr. E. R. Scott': Sweetbread (late Nimblefoot), by Dirleton: LHampden Star, beat Mr. P. Reilly's: King "Barn, by Master Joe-Wide West,., and won, Walter William Neale, a solicitor of:: Coventry, England, has been arrested for' fraud, forgeries, And embezzlements to'thoe amount of £30,000. He absconded fro'm' England in March last, and the detectives: were apprised that he was aboard the' Messageries steamship Sydney, which arrived at Adelaide on Thursday. Nealoe travelled overland from Adelaide to Mel-: bourne. At the hotel where he stayed he gave the name of Neville.' On being' arrested he confessed he was the person: wanted. A meeting of bank managers called to' consider the quaestion of reducing the in- terest on fixed deposits was held to-day,. but no definite decision was arrived at pending the receipt of advices from the Cueeneland banks. . :The Central Board of Health have re-- - ported in 'connection with, the proposed:? establishment of a federal quarantine station that Victoria and South Australia. are the only colonies that had actually assented to the. arrangement; but West' Australia was supposed to. agree. The' board decided that thq Victorian Govera- en?'t be requested to sok .for"a 'ddnitso, 'repy-from New South Wales;' 'nascania,. and QueoeQland ca the subject. T-e lh alfyearly report of the Melbourne bran~h bfithq Compmeecial Bank shows the grsdpp'rofits-for-the-past six months to-bb £124,592, as against £116,246 for the pre vious half-year. A dividend of 14 per cent. was recommended. The police are collecting evidence with the view of instituting proceedings against those concerned in the recent disgraceful wrestling match between Cannon and Dunn, in which the former almost strangled his opponent;, . , * _ - Tihe Premier has receiveod .intimation from the whole of the Australian colonies oasseutingto-the suggestion that January .d, the date of the foundation of the first' s.eettleneent in the colonies, should be pro claimed a national holiday. The Melbourne Gun Club Champion. Stakes were shot off to- day at North Brighton, when Mr. i1. M. Woodhouse, of Syduey, won the first prize of .£100, and a gold medal, Iltling 1l birds. Mr. T. S. Holland was second with 15, and Mr. Bird (assumed name) third with 14. The three mentioned and Mr. Sayer tied, with 11 birds each, and Woodhouse won in slhooting off noas stated. Messrs. Yuille -and Co. sold Mr.- J;.G: Duffett's racing stud to- day at auction when the following prices ruled: Empress, by Diver-Sally Brass, to Dr. Prendergast, 90 guineas; Tie Ghost, by Hamlet--Mystery, to Mr. R. Gould, 55 guineas; Grace Darling, by The Diver, to Mr. Anderson, of R.N,? South Wales, 250 guineas; " Kitty "Fisher, by ' Robinson Crusoe-Lady Spec, to Doctort ehon, 1:30 guineas ; , Lithologist, by- -Lapidist Daphne, to Mr.,'Ruce,: of Queensland, 55 Ruineas; , Marlboroughi by- Robinson Crusoe- Dagomar, to Mr. Anderson, of New South Wales, 240 guineas ;- The Knave, by, King Cole--Truiganina, to Mr. 4Davies, 140 guineas Botlweell, by Assyian- Erlani, to Mr. T. Sampson, of Sydney, 20 guineas. The attention of betting men was to night taken up with discussion' of the motion in the Victoria Club, that in future bookmakers. wishing to he received as members clust pay an entrainco fee -of. £50, the motion - eventually being carried. Owing to this the I betting to-night was almost a dead' letter, and the position of horses remains unaltered. For the Steeple -Kildare is firm at 5 to 2, Boernd-rcom ing next at 4 to 1, Royal Oak 5 to 1, Lizetto 0 to 1; and Promotion 7tb' 1. For the Hurdles-Sir' Launcolot'h'eads the list at 2 to 1, Friction being next in favour after some medium speculation; and: finished sedend;favouritp at 3) to 1. 