%ittmtnu. A HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of 'Shadow of the Sword,' 'A Child of Nature,' and ' God and the Man.' ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] PART H. Chapter V. — A Thunder Clap. About this time tbe mining prospectus Appeared with results which satisfied' the aninds even of the most sanguine. The halt was so tempting that it was swallowed by a public which is only too easily gulled. Shares were bought up rapidly and ?everything was progressing with the most praiseworthy smoothness. There was only one thing now which troubled the mind ?of Colonel Sloane. . That one thing was the extraordinary behavior of Fotheringay. Apparently there was nothing to cause that young gentleman the least uneasi ness. So far, his every^wiefe deemed on the point of being realised ; his wedding ?day had even been fixed and was rapidly .approaching. Isabel was more loving and tender than she had ever been ; nay, more, she had on his account almost -quarrelled hopelessly with her guardians, ^who, from the first, had bitterly resented the idea of her marriage with an adven turer. But Isabel, who never did things by halves, had fought her hero's battles bravely until she had succeeded in win ning over her guardians to her side. The resplendent promise of the mining pro spectus settled the business, and con; vinced them that Fotheringay, instead of being an adventurer, was a rich and pros perous man. Still, as I have said, Fotheringay was far from experiencing the happiness war ranted by such a run of good fortune. His -friends found him a dull companion, and thought he was becoming spoiled with overmuch 3uccess. Colonel Sloane, who -watched him with the eye of a hawk, saw .something which he did not like. ' Treachery,' said he to himself, 'or I'm a nigger. Well, I'll keep him in ;hand till he's married the heiress and paid me the notes of Band I hold, then he may go to the devil. -Guess it'll take *ome of bis fortune to pay me the little .sumsTve advanced him to make, the show he's made.' So the colonel, for his own sake, affected to be ignorant of the alteration which was -so clearly visible, and when it was forced upon him he laughed and vowed it was the fear of marriage which was preying upon Jus friend. 'Guess the best of us quake before a woman,' said he, ' and Fotheringay, with all his swagger, don't seem to have more . pluck than the rest. He'll be all right After the wedding-day.' And the general impression was that -7olonel Sloane was right, although, as the marriage day drew nearer, Fotherin gay's depression increased. At last one day he called upon, the colonel. *' Look here, colonel*' he said, 'I'm About sick of this.' ' Of what ?' asked the colonel sharply. **0f this playing the villain! I've -done a good many ugly deeds since I met you,* but this marriage is about the ugliest of alL' . The colonel laughed. - It suited him just then to be good-humored. ' Deuced. jgobd.tljlingrfojC 'you, and not a, bad thing for her^' said he.; . - - . 'Suppose ;t refuse to go -on- with ifcj? 'Why, then,' Baid the colonel, who turned livid at the very idea, ' look out for squalls. Come, Fotheringay,' he con tinued, 'let's understand one another. You have given me your notes of hand for a goodish sum, now, haven't you ?' 'I have,' returned Fotheringay ; 'but when you accepted them you knew that they were not worth the paper they were written upon.' ' Right,' assented the colonel, ' but if I'd thought 'twas always going to be so do you think I'd have taken them ? Not ' such a fool, my friend. I knew you were a likely chap to marry, and I'd made up my mind you should marry an heiress, and bo you will.' Fotheringay laughed, took a few turns about the room, and. then departed, leav ing the colonel extremely uneasy in. his mind. The fact was that so long as Fotheringay remained single the colonel felt that he had the weaker hand. His bills would remain as they were — value- less. To threaten exposure would be use less. Fotheringay might snap his fingers and laugh in his face. But Fotheringay a bachelor- and Fotheringay married to Miss Baymond the heiress were two different persons ; the latter gentleman would have a character to lose, or rather, his wife would think so, and she would sooner part with her money than her husband's good name. This was the view Colonel Sloane took, and with this view he did everything in his power to hasten on the marriage. Meanwhile our hero was eaten up with remorse. His love for Isabel, deep and strong as it was, seemed to be transform ing bun; he felt that she was dearer to him than his very life, yet he knew that in marrying her he was doing her a fatal injury. But how could he tell her ? How could he bear to see the love that now shone in her eyes turn to hatred and loathing? If she knew all she would despise him, as she would have every right to do, and would never look into his face again. Therefore he feared to speak, but let the time go on. One evening they were sitting lovingly together when Isabel broke the silence. 'Charles!' ' Yes, my darling.' ' Does it not seem strange ? In six days you and I will be man and wife !' He rose to his feet and gazed wildly into her face. ' Six dajs, did you say?' he exclaimed. ** Only six days ?' 'Only six days,' she repeated. ' Charles, you speak as if you were sorry our. wedding-day is so near. It was not always so,' she continued, assuming an air of offended dignity. ' It was you your self who pressed for an early marriage, and I consented.' In a moment he took her in his arms. 'Isabel, Iny darling — my love,' he said, ' don't heed my wild words. Above all, never imagine they sprang from any lack of love. Perhaps I regretted the ending of our happy days. But they will not end — they shall not end !' ' Why should they V murmured Isabel, clinging to him and looking sweetly into his face. He bent down and kissed her. 'My darling,' he murmured, 'my better angel, God grant you may ever be able to look at me with love and trust as you do now !' . The girl gazed upon him in wonder. He seemed suddenly to be transformed. Never, she thought, had. she seen him look so brightly handsome ; and, alas !. never had she loved him so well. When he was gone she threw herself on the* sofa and cried for hours. . . . . . . , The next day he came again. His face was very pale, but strangely resolved. V ' Isabel,' he said, ' I am going to make a strange, request. I wonder if you will grant.it?' .'['/..': ' Tell me what it is, and I will say.' ' 1 want you to postpone our wedding.' 'To postpone our wedding? Why do you wish that?' V He hesitated ; then he looked steadily at her. / ' ' Dp you want me to tell you ?' 'Yes.' : ,\: -. - - ' ' - ? ' ' Then I xvill fell you. I ask you to put off the wedding— to cancel our engage ment—to try to 'forget If you can that I ever crossed your path.' - ** Gh, Charles, what do you mean?' ' I mean that if you marry me you will marry a scoundrel. I am utterly un worthy the love of a good woman — as un worthy as I am of the respect of honest men.' : ? He paused for a moment, trembling under her wild and wondering gaze ; then he continued — ' Whenyou^first met me I was a shabby, out-at-elbows fellow, without a sixpence in the world, but I had a good name and a clear .conscience. Now 1 have neither. You think I am .a rich man. Sham ! I haven't a sixpence in the world.' ' No money,' said Isabel smiling, and she pointed to his hands . The very jewels gittering there seemed to prove that he had spoken untruly. Fofheringay looked at them curiously. 'False I' said he, ' not diamonds and. emeralds, but paste, and worth very little . more than the gold they are set in ; but, such as they are, they belong to my toaster.' 'Your master 2' ' Yes ; to the devil to whom I sold my self some years ago. Isabel, you on-?e asked me what Colonel Sloane was to me, and I answered that he was nothing to me. I lied. He is. my master. He bought me body and soul, and set me up a glitter ing sham to dazzle the eyes of the world, and lure innocent victims into his grasp. I have been his tool — his cat'spaw. I led the life he planned for me without many conscience qualms until I met you again ; then one look into your eyes made me feel that I was damned !' . He paused and looked at her. She was deathly pale but quite calm. She had fallen into a chair, but she never once took her eyes from his face. . 'If all this is true,' she said, '.'why did you not avoid me ! Why, for pity's sake, why did you make me care for you as I do?' *' Because I was and am a scoundrel ; nothing can alter that. To do myself justice, I must confess that I did intend to avoid you at first ; then I found that Sloane was spreading his net for you, and that unless you became my victim you would certainly become bis. Thus was the case put to me — 'Marry her,' said Sloane, 'or, leave her to me, I don't care which of the two you do, my friend, because in either case a good part of the lady's dollars will line my pockets.' 'How could that be!' / ,; . : , 'Why, thus— In case of my refusing to deceive you as a lover, the colonel* Intro duced to you by his daughter, would never have rested until he had the bulk of jour fortune invested in mines ; whereas in the case of our marriage ? ' 'Yes?' ' It would have taken the half of your fortune to clear off my liabilites to Colonel Sloane?' Isabel said nothing; she sank back upon the sofa; her face grew deathly pale, her eyes closed. ' Give me some water,' she said feebly. Eagerly he brought it, and with a cry of agony he took her hand, but she motioned him away. 'I am not well,' sbe moaned; 'do not touch me.' ... She sipped the water, which revived her a' little ; then she opened her eyes and looked at her tormentor. 'Why are you lingering?' »be said; 'there is nothing more to be said, I suppose, and I 'wish to be alone.' . In a moment he was beside her. .'Label, my darling,' he cried, 'are we to part like this?' -? - ' - 'I suppose so. Where is the use of our protracting an interview which can hiiig us* nothing but' pain?' Oh,'- she cri^d, suddenly; in a wild paroxysm of 4Bguieh, -.,*' in all. joy worst - fearsi I nevfir : * pictured ' this. I thought you had been: unfortunate, but I believed you had a noble soul, and, above all, I felt you loved me.' 'I did ; and God knows I do,' said Fotheringay. For a moment her ?. face brightened ; then all the light faded from it, and she shook her head. ' Me urged you to marry me and you consented,' she said. ' It was my for tune ? ' ** Before God, no !' exclaimed Fother iBg^j vehemently. 'He urged me to marry you — yes. I consented— yes ; but why ? I argued thus : by paying court to Miss Raymond I can keep her from Sloane ; by throwing dust in his eyes I can save her. Then, God help me, the devil stepped in and completed the task. I found one day that I loved you over much.' ? 'Ah!' 'Yes, loved you with an intensity which startled me. I could not draw back now. My mad passion swept me onward. I yielded, and now this is the end.' There was a long pause. ?* Isabel, can you forgive me ?' For answer she uttered a wild cry, and covered her face with her hands. 'May God forgive you !' she moaned, ' for you have broken my heart.' That same evening the general and Mrs Collier, on returning to their hotel, heard with amazement that the marriage of their ward was not to be. A dreadful scene had that morning been enacted between Colonel Fother ingay and Isabel, during which, attracted by a scream, Angela had rushed into the room to find her friend lying in a dead faint upon the floor and the young man standing helplessly by. With the assis tance of a servant Isabel had been carried to her room and supplied with restora tives, and upon coming to herself she had informed poor little frightened Angela that during that interview she and her fiancee had agreed to break with each other for ever. More than this she would not tell. Even when Mrs. Collier came begging for an explanation Isabel shook her head. 'It is enough, is it not,' she said, ' that the marriage is not to be ? Give me a promise that neither you nor the general will make any communication whatever to Colonel Fotheringay.' After some hesitation the lady promised, and nothing more was said. But somehow, little whispers were blown about, and it soon became generally known in Long Branch that owing to some quarrel about settlements th3 wedding was not to take place. Meanwhile, Isabel lay for two days in a state of utter prostration. On the third ' day she rose, looking the ghost of her old - self, donned a loose gown, and came out of her bedroom. The first thing she did was to sit down to her writing-desk. This was what she wrote — 'You say, that you are poor — that through poverty you have been led to do evil, almost commit crime. This must not be. My fortune is my own, to dispose of as I will. The half of it I give to you. I shall send the necessary instructions to my lawyers to-night. As for myself, I do not suppose you will ever see me again. As soon as possible I shall leave Long Branch, which to me is associated with so much misery and so much happiness. ?* Isabel Raymond.' Having written and addressed this she sealed it and gave it to her maid. 'Take this at once,' she said, 'and if there is an answer bring it to me.' In a trice the maid was off. In less than half an hour she returned with a reply. With trembling fingers Isabel'took it. 'Did you see Colonel -Fotheringay?' she said. . ** Yes, madam. I was just in time.' ' In time for what ?' ' To catch him, madam. He was going away, and by this iime he is into the train, I should think. He had written this letter to you^and was going to pdsVit; but after he had .read yours he opened . this again, added a few lines, and gave it, to me.' 'Wlih a horrible sickening fear at her heart Isabel tore open the envelope and read as follows :— . ' . ? ' \ 'My Darling Isabel — Business calls me to a distant part of the country. r I go, knowing it will be better for you that lshaH never cross your path again. You knowl am a villain. Forget me. As'for myself, I shall watch over you and love you till death. 'C.F.' 'Your generosity, my darling, your self-sacrifice and goodness heighten my contempt for the miserable part I have played. As for touching a farthing of your money that is out of the question. One thing only shall I cling to in this miserable life — my love for you.. Fare well, my better angel ; farewell, for ever. * * Charles Fotheringay. ' Haying read this Isabel kissed it pas sionately ; then she sobbed as if her 'heart would break. Chapter VI.— A ; Gleam of Hope. Having left Isabel in the safe custody of her friend and her servant, Fotherin-. gay, who on that dreadful day had seemed like a man demented, had walked straight to Colonel Sloane and made himself acquainted with all that had taken place. At first the colonel, beside himself with rage, was about to spring upon his accom plice and pin him by the throat ; a moment of self- repression, and he was almost him self again. ' After all,' he said, 'there's not much harm done ; you've made a fool of your self, that's all ; but if the girl loves you she'll patch it up. The sooner you get her to ido it the better for you.' Fotheringay shrugged his shoulders. ' . 'It's no good for you to threaten,' he said, ' because two can play at that little game. Now I've made a clean breast of it to Miss Baymond I feel better, and I tell you what it is, I've a deuced good mind' to make a clean breast of it to the public, too.' At this the colonel turned livid. ** What do you mean ?' he roared. ' Just what I say,' returned Fotherin gay with most exasperating calmness, 'There's no need to excite yourself . Now I've a strong suspicion that this business of ours, is about the ugliest I've ever been connected with. If we go on we Bliall sow misery broadcast like a pestilence, and I mean to stop in time.' .Suddenly a ray of light dawned upon the colonel's mind. He turned as calmly as he could to Fotheringay. 'look here, young man,' said he, 'jour little talk with the heiress has about turned your brain. Guess we are neither of us fit to meet just -now. i but just you keep cool till the evening and I'll' see_ybu again.' . Taking the hint, Fotheringay retired, while the colonel hurried off to consult in this dire extremity Mr. Kyrle Melvin. The next morning the two gentlemen called upon Fotheringay. The colonel had regained his usual calmness, while bis friend was all sauvityand smiles. ' Colonel Fotheringay,' said Melvin, ' our friend Sloane has brought me here to have a little talk with you about this mining business. He tells me you have been using threats of a very disagreeable nature.' 'I threatened to expose a gigantic swindle to the public,' said Fotheringay, . airily. 'Well?' ' ' 1 ' '* Well, my dear colonel,' said Melvin, slyly, ' suppose there was no swindle to expose ; suppose we had been playing a little comedy just to try you ?' ' Suppose I am as gigantic a fool as you are a scoundrel,' returned Fotherin gay. ' Well, my friendj go on.' ? Meivm turned rather white, and he shot towards Fotheringay a' look thaf was not reassuring. Then, he continued, after a quietlook at Sloane— ? ' ??''/. r ; ; ' The fact is, -«ry dear colonel, Sloane and I have within. the last few days re ?_' eeiyefl a little surprise, ^rhich we meaiit to keep from you t or a time* We have, in fact, made a ne% discovery about the mine.' ^ Here he paused, partly to give Fother ingay a means df speaking, partly to watch the effect which, his own words had produced. Fothei&ngay; was silent ; his face was a blank.' He made a motion with bis hand thajt Melvin might pro ceed. ' Well,' continued Melvin, who seemed to grow more nervotis as he proceeded, ' I am aware that when we started this concern we all agreed that it waa not quite so good a thing as we could wish. Now, however, I Kave reason to believe that the value of the mine surpasses our most saDguine hopes, and that we have cot put out an exaggerated prospectus after all, but an underestimate.' Fotheringay turned. ' Be gcod enough to mate your mean ing clear.' said he. ) ' Why, dern yofl, hasn't he done so ?' thundered the colonel. 'Fresh gold has been found in: our mine — that's his meaniDg ; and what we feared was a bogus thing has ^turned up trump3 — there !' ; Still Fotheringay was incredulous ; but after a while, so; specious were their arguments, he almost began to believe them. ' You can put my words to the proof,' said Melvin, 'if you wish. I am going down to make another inspection of the mine. Come with me and judge for jourself.' Fotheringay, knowing his men, asked for a few hours to turn this proposition over. Having got their consent to this, he set himself to think. ' _ Naturally, his first thought was of Isabel. She had taken his confession as he thought she would take it. She had dismissed him. This was a wrench to him, but he bore it like a man, happy in the knowledge of one thing — that he had done his duty to her. ; Then he thought of Sloane and Melvin. Wav their story true, or was it merely an invention to silente him for the jlime being? He rather suspected, this. Still, on the other hand; it might be true ; and if so, his worldly as well as his moral position would be considerably changed for the betteif, 'At all events,' he thought, 'lean do no harm in inspecting the place and judging for myself.' Meanwhile, another of our characters, almost as important in his way as Fotherin gay himself, was making a hurried exit from Long Branch. 'Luke,' said Mr. Kelso one morning, * ' pack up my traps. ' ' Ail of them, sir ?' returned Luke, ' I mean yours and mine ?' - ',', 'No, mine. I am going away- you will remain here. I may be gone for some weekk, but you wofi't stir unless I bid you.' '''?''?' 'No, sh\' 'Tshall communicate with you regu larly. I wish you to communicate with me. I want 'you to mount guard over Miss Sloane and Miss Baymond — to pro tect them if need be, and to keep a sharp watch upon our other friends.' 'Yes, sir.' 'And, remember, b£ cautiou3 ; make no false step now or we may lose the game. Watch and; wait has been our motto, and we must catty it to the end.' ' Yes, sir. Whendp1 you start, sir?' ?« To-night.'. ' ;; Having thus set Luke to work, Kelso left the cottage and walked, into Long Branch. He had 'been forbidden Toy Isabel to visit Angela, but he took some comfort in walking for' a time before the hotel where he knW she. was safely lodged. Then he 'walked boldly up, handed a note to the gaiter, and de parted. The envelope Was addressed to Miss Baymond, but it contained a letter for Angela. ? . ''Haying accomplished this task , he walked back to bisV cottage. Here he found everything in readiness for his de parture. ' You will report.^.: ,nie; ;ev£rjLday all that takes place, Luke.' 'I will, sir.' ? 'If my absence is commented upon say I have gone to England ; say any thing, in fact, but the truth.' 'Yes, sir.' ' ?; That evening Kelso quitted Long Branch, leaving Luke Stafford the sole occupant of the cottage.? (To he ccnkiniiedj. . ?** ' - - 