Chapter IV. CYRIL PATON BOBS PETEB TO PAT PAUL. INo sooner bad Gertrude taken her departure than Adam Dyke prepared to take hia. As be passed through the h: 11, hat in hand and with his coat on his arm, Mrs. Dale accosted him. "What, Mr. Dyke," she exclaimed, "are you off already?" "Y—yes, Mrs. Dale," he Btammered. " The fact is I'm rather tired, and —and " " The attraction is gone," laughed Mrs. Dale as she completed the sen tence. "I'm afraid you're a very sly man, Mr. Dyke, but I've guessed your little secret Am I to congratulate you ?" she asked, as she gave him a look full of significance. Adam blushed, and said something to the effect that he didn't quite understand her, on which she shook her fan at him, and, wishing him good bye, passed into the ballroom, lie didn't like Mrs. Dale, and, as a rule, her conversation bothered him; but for once he felt a curious sense of pleasure at her badinage. " 1 suppose that I look so happy that she has guessed the reason," he argued as he told a waiter to call bis hansom, " and if 1 look as happy as 1 feel I don't wonder at it." On his way into Melbourne he thought over the scene of that nighty and a strange sense of exultation seized him. It seemed to bim almost beyond belief that Gertrude Barron, acknowledged by all to be the handsomest girl in Melbourne, should have consented to be the wife of a homely fellow like him. "I ought to be the happiest man in the world," he reflected. "Ought to be ? 1 am the happiest; and, by Heaven, if it dependB on me, Gertrude shall be the happiest wife. When I think of it, I can hardly believe my good fortune !" and then, as is usual with men of his simple, modest disposition, he began to underrate himself. " What the deuce Bhe can see in me, Heaven only knows." By the time that the cab pulled np at the club he was in such an excited state that he felt that sleep for the time being was out of the question. He asked one of the waiters if any one was in the club, and was told that there were some gentlemen in the cardroom. Thither he went He had hardly opened the door when he heard a voice, which he imme diately recognised as Cyril Paton's. " May I ask you what objection you have to change that I.O.U. ?" The question was put in an angry tone, though Cyril spoke almost in a whisper. The young man to whom it was addressed was also evidently somewhat put out, for he made a movement of impatience, and his face flushed. s ■ "It seems to me," he said, as he evidently restrained himself, " that I am not bound to change LO.U.'s at all, at any rate until the end of the game." " I say you are!" retorted Cyril, bringing down his fist on the table, " and I'll leave it to the table." " Well ? I'll leave it to the table !" acquiesced the other, as he cast a look round the board. " What's your decision ?" The others—there were three of them—looked at each other, and it was evident they had no intention of interfering. " Oh! settle it between you," said one impatiently. " If there are going to be any rows, I'm off." The young man with whom Cyril was disputing—Herbert Grainger was his name—shrugged his shoulders. "Well! if you won't settle it," he said, trying to assume an air of indiffer ence, '• I shall stand my ground, and refuse to cash the I.O.U." Cyril bounded out of bis chair, and, leaning over the table, again asked Herbert Grainger bis reason for refusing to cash his paper. " Well! If you insist on my speaking," said the other, " I shall do 60, hut don't blame me if the result is unpleasant. Well, then, gentlemen, Mr Paton last Tuesday week—now, shall I go on ?" he asked of Cyril, who was still standing up. "Go on 1 and be d—d to you !" roared Cyril, whose face was quite dis figured by passion. Last Tuesday week Mr. Paton lost £042 to me." "Ididl" interjected Cyril. And has never paid me." If a strong arm had not held him back, Cyril would have rushed at the " It's an infernal lie I" .he cried. " I y°B an \ was a bit Tuesday. I told you I had some money coming then, and short for the moment" „„„^mutaous emphasis. "I don't call that paying," Grainger said with c.°^kcP1 hold is paid." '■ X decline ^ acceptany more ot your paper untfl that I already ho.,. __ Cyril would have spoken, but at that moment the same strong hand that had held him back forced him into his chair. Excuse me, gentlemen, for interfering," said Adam Dyke, " but I have overheard what has passed, and—and I think I see my way,, with your permission, of course, Mr. Paton—to Bettle this matter. To begin with, I m afraid that I myself am in no Bmall degree responsible for the situation," The men looked from one to another in no little surprise, but on no face was amazement so clearly written ob on Cyril Paton's. The fact is, that Mr. Paton has a considerable sum or money to draw from me over—over—over the sale of a Btation," he stammered, colouring as he did so, and avoiding Cyril's eye, "and I very foolishly never considered that he might want the money. If I'd given the matter a thought," he went on as he leant over Cyril, and looked into his face with an expression that plainly implored him not to undeceive the rest of the party, " I should have given him a cheque ten days ago, and not waited for the matter to be com pleted." ^ Cyril Paton's head fell on his breast, but he didn't speak a word. Herbert Grainger got up from the table, and, walking round to Cyril's side, held out his hand. "Well! All I can say is, that I'm devilish sorry over the whole matter," he said in a frank manly way; "and I offer you ten thousand apologies. If you'd only given me a hint of how the land lay, I'd have sooner cut my tongue from my mouth than have Baid what I did just now." hand ^'8 head, and didnot speak; but he accepted the proffered « ^hanks, old man," exclaimed Grainger, as he shook Cyril's hand warmly. Ihope you won't think any the worse of me over this wretched business." Well! I suppose the game is finished ?" said one of the others. Within five minutes Adam Dyke was left alone with the man to whom he had proved such a friend in need. For a moment there was an awkward silence, and then Cyril, rising from his chair, stized Adam by the hand. There were tears in his eyes, and his voice trembled as he spoke. _ "I don't know, Dyke, what I have ever done that you should befriend me in this way," he cried; " but as sure aB there's a God in Heaven, if the oppor tunity ever offers, I'll do my best to make you some return." Adam Dyke had the modesty of simple men. Nothing distressed him more than expressions of gratitude In a few broken phrases he assured Cyril that he had nothing to thank him for, and implored him to say no more about it " And I may tell you this, Mr. Paton," he said in a singularly earnest tone of voice, '' that I would have done for any one else what I have done for you. To-night I have met with the greatest good fortune that I've ever had, and it makes me even happier than I was before to know that on this day of all others I have been able to do a friend a good turn. No ! don't thank me !" he exclaimed, as Cyril was on the point of doing so. "Come to me in the morning, and we'll go into your affairs, and Bee what it will take to put you straight. Well, good night." Cyril watched Adam as he left the room, and the expression of his face was one in which shame and astonishment were equally represented. " Well! That heats everything I ever heard of," was his comment. " What he did it for—what his possible motive could be—is more than I can understand. But, by the Lord Harry," he cried, "he's a white man!" which expression was the strongest in Cyril's vocabulary. The next morning Cyril interviewed "the white man," and came away with an even better opinion of him than he had held overnight Adam Dyke had entreated bim to make a clean breast of his difficulties, and after some hesitation he bad confessed that he was considerably in debt. Bat he shrank from acknowledging how mnch he really owed. His debts were principally due ior gambling and betting, and he was frightened that if Adam really knew the Bort of man he was, he might draw back from helping him. He little knew Adam Dyke. Adam only saw in him a friend in difficulties, whom it was in his power to help; and if he had asked for ten times as much as he did, he would have been lent it without demur. A suspicion that he had not made the most of bis opportunity crossed the youDg man's mind as he sauntered down Collins-street to cash the cheque he had just received. "If I'd known that he'd have shelled out so handsomely," he reflected, "I would have tapped bim for more—for enough to pay everybody. It's so much more convenient only to have one creditor." The truth of this conviction was strongly impressed on him before he had gone a hundred yards further. At the corner of Swanston-street he was accosted by a little Jew, whose fingers were covered with diamonds, and ] whose clothes bad evidently been " built" with an eye to an advertisement. "Now, I thay, Mithter Paton," he said in a hoarse whisper, " it's no uth talluu'! I can't vait any longer. It ithn't as if you'd taken off-goods, but you 'ad the real pick o' the bathket" " Don't talk nonsense !" interrupted Cyril angrily. " Directly you thought I had lost what I could pay on settling-day, you would not lay me anything that had a ghost of a show of winning." The little Jew shrugged his fat shoulders. " Ach ! yer always full of eggscuses !" he said with an undisguised sneer. " Excuses or no excuses, I can't pay you just now," said Cyril bluntly. " Well! I'll tell you vat it is. then," said the bookmaker in a passion, " if you don't pay, I'll post you.' " Post and be d—d to you!" was Cyril's rejoinder, hut he didn't look as indifferent as his words might imply. " 1 vill!" returned the little Jew. " You're a regular shuffler. Ven I goes to the club I shouldn't go, or else you ain't in. Ven I meets you in the street I shouldn't meet you, and, o' corse, I shouldn't speak to you. But if you puts your nose on the course, don't you make any mistake, I'll " What his last threat was Cyril could only divine, for with an impatient gesture he turned his back on the little man and walked briskly towards the bank. , I "By George! I made a mistake not to get enough to clear mc ! he reflected. " I wonder whether he would stand me again." i He went into the bank and cashed the cheque. He was standing on the steps outside wondering where he could see Grainger, when that joung man passed within a few feet of him. ..... ,,T " The very man I was looking for," he cried as he joined him. W hat was it I owed you ?" .... mo And thereupon, passing his arm through his, as if nothing had ever ruffled the calm waters of their friendship, Cyril led Grainger off to the club to settle with him, and to play him a game of pyramids. They played a pound a ball, and at the close of the afternoon Mr. Grainger received another very handsome dividend out of Adam Dyke's cheque. " Well, I'm in great form just now," said Grainger, as the marker set up the balls after dinner, when Cyril Paton was to have his " revenge " for his afternoon's ill-success. "I was devilish nearly going to the Drisberghs' last night I'm deuced glad I didn't, as it turns out By-the-bye, do you know Gertrude Barron ? Oh ! of course, you do. She is some relation of yours, isn't she?'' Cyril was just going to " break the halls." He looked up, and nodded an affirmative. • " Well! ehe's engaged to be married. " What!" cried Cyril, starting up. " She's engaged to be married," repeated the other. Cyril drew a long breath. " Who to?" he asked quickly. "Your friend, Adam Dyke." Cyril stood for a moment as if he couldn't understand the news, and then with a terrible oath brought his cue down on the edge of the billiard-table, and it shivered into pieces. 