LOVE OR DEATH. (BY Ricnsroin TIrATcrra.) CHAPTER VI. A DENEFIT AND LAST FAREWELL. THE last week of Fanny's engagement was a bus3: one for the nRopublican. Business had never been slack during her reign, but when it was fully established that she was going, the futrore that had marked her debut was renewed. High prices were again obtained f.'r particular seats, and speculators invested in tickets with an eye to a rise in their value, and were not disappointed. Everybody declared that ' the Marshall' had never acted her best before; that the light which was about to be extinguished, so far as they were concerned, shone most brilliantly just as it was to be lost for ever. Certainly she never exhibited such fire and vehemence-she seemed to live in a fever of excitement-taking a fierce pleasure in packing up and making preparations for the intended voyage. Her dresses, as soon as the part played for the last time in which they would be required at the Repub Slican, were carefully stowed away in trunks, ostentatiously labelled with her name as passenger, per Thracian, for Liverpool. Mr. Spofferd had some European experience, and she never tired of questioning him about the places she intended to visit, and the probability of her making a 'hit.' She was more demonstrative if Leslie happened to be present, and that was pretty often, for Mr. Herbert had written a successful book, full of per siflage and dry trans- atlantic humour, and as he had given up the drudgery of the press he had plenty of time to devote to his research after experience and incidents, and he evidentlydrew, or imagined he droew; much informa tion from the.theatres. 'iMr. Spofferd,' she said one day, 'do you think I shall be able to get Boucicault or Taylor, or any of the big people ' at home.' '-ia common with many thousands of true-born Ameri cans, she calledEngland by that name -' to write me a piece, or a good part in one ?' Mr.: Spofferd didn't"exactly know, but he suggested that to make sure of a dramatic, author who would write up to her; she linhad better take Leslie with her. ' Leslie,' she said petulantly, and even scornfully.' 'What good would he" be amongst such people? He might do for the Gold Coast, to write plays for diggers or calculating Yankeeli, and people who were too busy and too bustling to know what dramatic authorship was; but would a refined audience stand his Brother Jonathan slang ?' Mr. Spofferd gave one of his charac teristic whistles, and wondered what the little game was. 'Why,' he said, 'you were hot'on Leslio's pieces only a month ago; .he was a sucking Shakespeare, and worth ten of any living writers.' 'Oh,' she replied, but I havd: changed my mind; he is spoilt by the little success he has had. I hate him. That book finished him, and he will never get down from tlhe high horse.' And she essayed a laugh, which was not a success. 'I wish,' thought, M?r. Spofford,' ' she would say spiteful things" lille that about me, it wouldn't be a bad thing to run her over the water; I'd make dollars out of her.' In. fact, Mr. 'Crouolhs: factotuin£ would have as he ternied it;, gone in' for Fanny, but there was somethiitg about liher that warneod him courtship would not be a success. However my heroino affected to despise Leslio, she was evidently deteiarined tihat the ,Creole's$ ovenge,' should be mounted as well as possible, and'lsho made extravagant demands on the wardrobe Sand properties 'of the tleatre,; gobing carefully through the scenic and otheor effects, demanding new scenory here and fresh dresses there- eoven when reauired' paying for things herself. She ordered specialerohoarsals too for the last farewell performance, at which she requested Mr. Loslie's presence. 'I may as well go out like' a iobklcot,' she' explained, 'and not li?. a stick. I must show them that I am not played out, if I am going away.' " The billing of tihe benefit; was Leslio's caro, but really :little, was needed thoulgh it was only put up two days before its occurrence. ' An oxtra night, and positively the last appear ance of La Belle Amoriohine-prevlOBas to her departure, by the Thracian, for Liverpool 'was sufflicient to' cause. a rush for tickets. Leslioe. was fast gaminin popularity as a flanour and acute observer of the humorous. It wakshis first appearance as a benefi cia're, and the public was indebted to him for' many a ' quaint and curious fancy,' and pleasant hour's reading or observation, and the public, when aware of the fact, is rarely backward in repaying its obligations, in spite of what is said to the contrary. Fanny seemed particularly anxious that her last performance should be her best. :She kept the company fully employed for two days preceding the perform anco attending to her orders and suggestions. The piece had boon rehearsed often enough they thought, but she suggested improvement here, and now readings and situations there, till they were tired. The scenic artists had their work to do to keep pace with her requirements, and the pro perty man and the wardrobe- keeper, with their assistants, were at their wits' end to fulfil her orders. Mr. Crouch kept the accusing angel pretty busy, plying between the theatre and recording office. ' hat the thunder did she want getting props that wouldn't come in for anything else! and his flats and things, why, they would have to play Louisiana pieces for twelve months with those cursed plantation ugliness on 'em.' HIe only mildly suggested that the supers who were to play the plantation hands, in the grand cotton field scene, might use their old togs, or wear some splendid soldiers' cenoats and jackets which he had bought at a commissariat sdalo, and Fanny, as he graphically expressed it, 'jumped upon him. Ho swore he would go into the wax figger or animal busiunoss-womern paid at times, but, by the ghost of the great COesar, they played up more in a day than a menagerie would in a month. 'Look here,' he confided to a friend, that woman came hero as mild and as pleasant as a mud-turtle, and now she cavorts round like a spotted rhionoscrosis with his hide scalded, getting up this piece for one night, as if it was going to run till the Jubilee. I've got a troupe of infant prodigies coming here next week,' he went on; they pull everything to pieces, and go to sleep just as they're wanted to come on, and they get sick and have to be nursed, and turn the place into a nursery arid hospital, but I shall find them a relief and blessing after this one's tantrums.' As Fannyv's engagement drew to a close, the papers each came out with flaring notices and personal descrip tions of her. The press, in their commendation, were only endorsing the public opinion. If she came to the Pacific coast, with a prestige and reputation, she had born out all that had been said about her. Many of 1he papers dwelt upon her personal charms in a style that would some what offend our old world prejudices. There was no need to bill the last faroewell and benefit of the popular author, Herbert Leslie, Esq., for the dailypapers were unanimous in calling attention to the fact, and urging upon the public the advisability of showing their appreciation of their native born dramatist. And now the engagement was played out, and it only remained for Fanny to appear for the young author's benefit; and thirty hours from the time of making her final bow she would be steaming out through the Golden Gate; leaving all her troubles and cardes behind her, and severing. herself from any painful associations.: What tfioubles or cares had she ? 'what painful associations needed severing ? She coild scarcely tell--she only knew that her ijeace of mind was gone, that even the tumultu ous . applause of- a delighted and astonished audience failed to gratify her now. Everythliug seemined to pall upon her, and all was as Dead Sea fruit to her. She was restless and dissatisfied,asif possessedby.insomnid. Rest was a stranger to her-she would rise at daybreak and try to exhaust herself before she sought her bed,' but she could not be tired. That last: night over she thought, all would be well; she would be oni board the next night, and leave early on the following morning. Across the water she would form new ties-find- other friends-. and then' she tlhought, what friends and what ti6s? She had none. Of all the persons she had come in con tact, with she had never exchanged: cbnfidence with one. The only time her heart had beaten quicklerwas:-for t~he coining ofLeslie, and she thdiight? fiercely ho i.t might have happened if he had been free when she had first met him, or if he had been a Mormbn ; but no! at .the thought, her teeth clei ched ihvoluntairily, and a danger ous gleam shot:.from her ;beautiful eyes. Time passes slowl3 to som'e peoplo, but if it miust pass, and the.. night of the be~efit arrived. Ex travagant picss had :'been paid; for good places. People of intelligence aind discrimination n who knew they were i5ihrtin from' an artiste, whoiso equal" they wero not lilkeoly to. see again '.for some ,time,:if at all, had secured even the parquetto and upper circles, and by tle tihme for the' pero formance" to' commonoe, t?le w?-holoe pldae looked lihke one unbroken sea of heads and .expectant faces. Exnactly at 8. o'clock tho curtain 'rose--the overture hushed, and the ' Creole's Revenge ' comnionced. Fanily's eon tmrance was made soon, for the young planter was waiting for her, 'when tho piece commenced. ' She caine on, looking' sGpoernatrally brighit and radiant, and surveyed the house for a moment. No audience evoei' saw a fairor siglht--one biw, of the proud little head, one glanceit'hat took in'theo whole house-her arms folded across her breast,.and she turnod td extona her hands to her lover as "'theplay; demanded; but the terrific apilausoe' foiced her to come.to the lighlits once. more:. Agaiin and' again she bowed her acknowledgments :to tihe tornado of cheers and shouts-then, suddenly, as if determined toend them, sh 'went on ivith the business, heedless of the cries to come forward. The play had always been a favourite, and her acting in it had never failed to movo the frequenters of the Republican, but to-night sho put such oarnestness into the part and infused such a spirit into the rest of the company that the piece could scarcely proceed for cheers and applause. Leslio had his box to the left of the stage-his wife was by his side and he watched the play intently. He was thinking that this would be the last time he would see thlo girl who strangoly interestcd him, who was so gifted, yet seemingly so friendless and forlorn. She was as it were wrapped ia an impenetrable mantle of reserve which her genius threw around her. Several times during the first act he caught her glance; it seemed difficult for either of them to avoid looking. He felt strangely and unaccountably sad and depressed; why, he did not know. Fanny's anticipated departure gave him some concern-they had passed many friendly hours together; and she had been'the principal cause of his success as a dramatist. She was now playing his 'first born,' the play he would like better than any thing he could write. The first act concluded, the usual storm of calls and cheers followed with the appearance of Fanny and the actor representing Darnton. The second act was a repetition of splendid acting and another succession of triumphs for Fanny. At the close of it she was off for nearly an. hour till the latter part of the third act. Leslie was sitting in his box and turned to walk towards the circle door to have a stroll till the curtain rose again, when the prompter's boy appeared with a foew words pen cilled on one of Fanny's cards-' come round for a few moments.' He walked round the front of the house and down the narrow lane loading to the back of the stage, passed through the door and up the dingy staircase, then along till he came to the 'star's' door. He knocked and was told to enter, and in a moment he stood before Fanny Hesler, La Bello Americaine. Well she deserved the title as she rose and extended her hand. H er bosom was still heaving with the exertion of the 'part,' rising and falling with a regular but rapid motion. Her eyes, always bright and beautiful, now shone with a loveliness that seemed not of this earth. Her cheeks and face were stained slightly, but the lovely colour showed through the dye, and her lips, half parted by heavy breathing, needed no vermilion to make them brilliantly red. Several newspapers lay about, and the hood and mantle for her disguise were with some copies of illustrated papers con taining her likeness, on a side-table. She was evidently excited, for she rose at his entrance and took his hand in both hers. 'Mr. Leslie, Herbert,'she said, 'I sent for you, I could not help it.' S(To be Continued.) 