A Nun's Ghost. LMKU ABIE are the stories told at nome and abroad of hidden treasures discovered by supernatural means. Germany is particu- larly rich in legends of thia sort. A curious case has occurred there just Intely.as we learn from a recent number of the ÑbrilJeuiche Allgemeine Zeitung, which copies the particu- lars from the Ltipzeger Tagllaft. In the little market town of Gehofen, near Mansfield, in Prussian Saxony, there was dug up in tho month of January last, a largo quantity of gold and silver coin, dating from the six- teenth and the beginning of tho seventeenth century, and supposed to have been buried at the time of the Thirty Years' War. With this discovery is connected a curious tradition, to the effect that, in tho year 1GS3 -that in which the Turks laid siege to Vienna, whence they were driven hy John Sobieski, King of Poland-there dwelt in tho neighbourhood of thc place where the money has been found, in a manor house called Trebra, a lady named Philippine Von Wer- thern, wife of tho Castellain Sitta Von Ebcrstein, who waa said to be subject to strango hallucinations. She complained that day and night thero appeared to her the ghost of a nun, who hod been a nativo of Trebra, and who died about fifty years beforo in the neighbouring convent of Donndorf, i and had been buried in the church at Gehofen, Lor native parish. She desired j that the lady should cause to be dug up a largo sum of money which she had buried in the pince not far from tho castle, with a view to preserve it from the rapacious soldiery who were then carrying fire and sword every- where around. Lady Philippine consulted her father confessor, the priest of the parish, Magister Tliolemann, us to whether Bhe should comply with tho nun's request, and seo to getting tho money recovered ; but ho strongly dissuaded her from doing so, giving it as his opinion that it was a devilish work. Not at all satisfied with the judgment .of tho good pastor, tho lady laid the caso before the Universities of Leipzig, Wittenberg, and i Jenn, so that hundreds nf lenrnnd nen» wer« r set in motion upon it ; but tho clear verdict of the majority was that no steps should bo taken in the matter, since the ghost was most certainly an ovil spirit. Thenceforward the lady-though it was thought to bo ,a mero fancy- was not only haunted by tho fhost of a nun, which had at first approached er quietly, beseeching her aid, lout was positively ill-used, or, as sho expressed her- self, mishandled by it, owing_ to her persis- tent disregard of its entreaties. At-length the ghost seemed to have tired of tormenting her, and ceased from its nocturnal visitations, which it had found to bo fruitless. Geliert, in one of his fables, montions tho ghost of the Gehofen nun, the memory of which ha's now been revived once more by the discovery of the hidden treasure, which not 'a few ignorant people firmly believed to be the yory same which tho nun concealed to save it from Tilly and Wallenstein's .robber hordes, and which, thirty-fivo years after the restoration of peace, the poor spirit, pre-1 sumably then still in'purgatory, iso earnestly wished the Lady of Eberstein'to recover,' doubtless to get masses said for its ultimate rest in peace. , 