TIlE SALE II'ESLEYAN CIIURCl I ANNIVERSARY. In our last we gave the particulars of the tea meeting hell on: Tnesday evening, in connection with this unoiver8ary, anid we now'give a few- notes of'the" proceedings which took place at the public meeting held •aterwards in the clhurch. On the platform, the Presbyterian Church wage represeinted the R :vJ. \'WV.YIglin, of liallsrat,A, thh iev:'.TJno:..Rberis, of Strat ford andMrCowlev. The iRev. G H. Cole, of the Primitive :letho list Church wvas also present. o'ih1cRev. TT. Adanlmmo' introduced Mr BhlaildofCrossles, wil.,iadhieen selected to preside,lnd that g, t?-ilean was w,warmly receive? ?He.r-emark ed that this was the first ocansion on wrhich hie had the plclsare of presiding over. a Sile meeting, but ih: hope.l thait t it wouldtt Ie theh last. After a linmoritna riferioeto tie recent electio. oft eSpaofti f tliiLegislative. Assemily, air lanld imentoioodtiht hthoalt glioub he iris not initimtely iqositil wlith the rise of .Methodismt io Sale,?leitig acoinparPtively new arrivalherebuthewell rem.c:nbered some 27 or 2Syears ago, when the first Methodist sermon' was preached at Yarr:ua. in the Smilit?ier listrifct? here about GO people assemibled inderilr a free-for they hali no churches. andi he might also say they had ino piublic houssi :ii those days in that neigh blorihood. Afteralluding to the marsellous progress of the country since that timne, he cilled upon Sir J. J. Drew to read the finan cial report of the church.' ' 'Mr Drcwtook'thb oppd'rtiieity.`nl be half of the trustees-aund the congregation to tender' a crdiil' w=lcoime to the Rev. T. Adamson, this heing the first church anni versary which had ccurred since their esteemed pastor had taken charge of the district.' Mir Adlamson wsa highly appreci ated by all connected with the church, and it was to be hoped that, he would remain amongst theti inatil his remloval in accord ance with the rules regulating the itinerancy of its ninisters was unavoidable. (Cheers.) Mr Drew then read the report, which showed the total indebtcdness of the church to be £478 2s 10d:' . " to The Rev. J. Roberts referred to the fact that lie liid ofnneniany otiasions addresaed meetings iii this church, tin-I remarked thfat he claimned SMr Adamsot as a co-prelbyter. for swhile'tliatrgeitlefit ?vi wii AiC ,liet iTt Sail a Methodist minister, at Stratford lie was in part i iPresbyterian,, for at the latter toiwnr thetwo congrcgation lhad `woralsipped tot gether for22 years, asdl he lioped they would long continue to do so. lie (Mr Roberts), alrays gave the right hand of fel lowship to those who worked for their com Inon Lord, andllle claimed them as brethren. The trnthl of CliristrWlhichi they preached were great nd 'iinportint ?ones, anld the ad yice which was sometimes given to ministers not to preach doctrine was nonsense. They ought to be able to speak of Christ not as onet of wlibtm they lutul hi~ard, bit as one whom they had known. There could he nio nobler life than the life of the true Christian, no matterwlhat position he occupied. It is his privilege to be a preacher of truth con cerning Christ, to show by the life lie is liv ing,.the way he rulesl his household, mingles. with I'is fellow hsen,, and in tle: minnier Cin which lie performs his business to show in this ivay!the truth concerning Christ, and be a living witness of Him. We pride our selves on being a practical people; let its show we are practical, and that we do not re ceive a single sttetment onl the testimony of others, but: profsissig. to believe, seek to brini.G od's iord within range of our own actual experience. . Tlidhe Rev. G. H. Cole, after a few prefa tory remarks, said that they. could as 'ministers of 'different Idcrioiiinistioiu :inmeet uponi onoe plastform anod say that they believed in one God, in' one 'Christ, nd in one Faith. As a church, they wanted more of the Holy Ghost. He believsed there was a great deal of truth in that expression of Dr. Talmage's, "Educate a man's head alone, and you will produce an infidel; edlucate a man's heart alone, and you -will produce a fanatic; edneste the head with the heart, aund you will `very soon have something that is theitolilest wsork 'f God." Christianity had nothing to fear from the strictest investigation, and the mans who builds his fondlation on this rock had no occasion to he afraid. As a church they needed to stick faithfully to the grand old truths of Christianity. They were told thet without holiness no man should see God. Let them live more holy and godly lives, and exhibit real, practical Christianity. If they were possessed of this real godliness, this real heart-felt religion, if they felt their I--'·-- -nllu,,.I :",l l -,-y"'- -rt hy with thle Gospel of Jesus Chlrist, vwhalt wtontll ui te resnlt? They could stem the title of evil that faced them, and grapple successfully with all the force of atheism and scepticism that was hurled against Christianity. He believed that they had a good man in MIr Adamson, andl lie prayed that God would blest tlhsm td their pastor, and God granot that there might be good spiritual results during the ensuing year, that the work would go on atnd prosper, and that they might meet by-and-by, where the partitions of denominationalism were no more. (Ap plause.) The RIev. J. \\. Inglis said he had special pleasure in finding himself there that even ing, and especially at that meeting, because of the fact referred to by his friend, Mir Drews. I that gentletnlt's opening remarks he thad leartnedl that this ws the first meet ing of thile kind theyhad had since Mr Adlns?on arrireld amtngst them, and lie took it as a haippy omen that SMr Cole andil himself should be presenit on that occasion, for they were co- worlkers in the good cause at Ballarait along with Slr Adamson. t He hal the privilege of knowing Mir Adamson before, he was in the t.mi?istry; and lhad the comfort of working ahlngsile of him for as many years as the rules of the Methodlist Church nwould alluhi. Froa? Ils self. deaying labors he knew that Mr 4Iduiasoa, left behiond hI:im inuy wartm;and lotiiig heartis. What they wanted ill these ilaysowas a practical religoini Cte); forbid th'at. tlee'd ty should ever coase whten thley slhoulll put aside their lexicons, concordatnce, hild libraries. Let it Im remembered tllat thlese aire but tile means to an eL. Tlihe greateldd of anll stdy arid scholarship, and all -exstaininattisto into the history of the past, is- thit they might, by God's help, bring the truths of that old wordl that is als nteiras'old, 'to bear upon thiedaiiy life of the present. "l he sooner that the plilpit re dlised that th.it was the great thing, the better it, was for tile people atnl ttie pulpit. \VhhttliC people hiad to do wvas to remseibtr t!lr t their part was not done wheni they hleI ihesrd the nermon. No itiloistry would ever he frnittll uinless its people prac tiseI what watis pIreachled. They might criticisdte~ liteTmtinn, and for his own part hlie wousll .soatner preach to mci whose ears wdre quick' and whose in tealerwasneaute thian he would preach to menc and womnen lwho took little more heed than thie wood tihe seats were nlade of. \lWhat they hadl to dIo was to praciise whalt tile minister preachted iand let it be seen that the preachitng vts cfoctive hIy thie way they livedl in their; hiones, by the manner in wlsich they natedt in their workshlops and in tie worlld around, them. The dispir.gine remarks ofllen madle ahouit the miniistcr antdi the sermon by parents were not meantt to go tle leitgth they dlid, yet they injured tite spirituial life anil growth of the chihlrci aroundl them in thie hrinle. They needl not fear for. the -churchl or the caiuse if their'deir Lorald atl lMaster so lota as they themselves held firilly, consistently, anil lovingly, the truths th it were taught themi inthle Oll Book. It was true the churchea were divided into seatioes-denomination;sC if they liked to ca;ll themi so--bit hie refnuscd to admit that they wrere different churchles. They were ose churclh, andi the more they kept that fact before tihem anl put ti into practice the better for them woIuld it be. The presence of the Master ;was thie secret of tie chiurch's trie fortitude anl I.opc. It was the secret that sustainedi her in ;ll her past tattles; it was the secret that led .olin W'esley antI his baotther Chall;rles almost to mnvse l'tnglan i wheni they enteredl upon that glorious waork in Cortnwall, and by l;od's guidansce Isrought light to the darkness of lngland; that was the secret that led Johi iKnox in tie presence of Queen Matry to say, "I am ia the pltacewe whoeI aml demandted of sly coIIstlielIce to speak the truthl, and the truth I speak, impugn it twhoso list." 'IlhaRt twas the sccrtt tha;t sustained their forefatihers in thie fires of Smtithtiell. Let them be up and doing, rcemenlbering that however strong were their enemies, or great ithe dlitiicultiem which colnfronted them, "'eterwsas Hlie that was for thetl, thant Mr Inglis's address was interspersed with huImoorous, well-narrated, and appropriate anecdotes, alll, as the frequently reenrritng bursts of applause testified, was highly op. ipreeciat-i.d by the aadisnce. Later on in thCie evening, Mr Jlglis ldeliveredl one of hiis favourite readlings, cntitled "Santa Claus," in really magnitiicent style, leavinig a most f.sviuralisle imsp'ession ot those who had tilhe great ileasure of listening to him. The liev. T. Adaison moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had taken so int portant a part in tihe aniversary. 'Ihey had collected more money than had been gathered for niany years previously, and in regard to the excellency of the tea meeting he did not thilk he had seen a better. Mr Ecsley seconded the vote of thanks, and in brief teams eulogised the ladies and the excellent tea. Tie vote was carried by acclamation. Mr Joseph Waters movced a vote of thanks to the choir. He regretted very much that Mr Montague, their leader, was alout to sever his connection with thei choir, having been appointed by the Education Depart ment to another district. That gentleman wias to be credited with bringing thd choir to its present high state of efficiency. (Clheers). Theývote` was)srconded by Mr J. W. Baker and carried by acclamation. Mr John Little proposed a vote of thanks to tie speakers, remarking that if AMr Inglis would promise to be in Sale at their next anniversary, he would receive a very hearty welcome from the Wresleyan congregation. (Applause). Mr Drew seconded,-and the vote was carried unanimonsly. The Rev. J. W. Inglis acknowledged the compliment on behalf of himself amd the other speakers, referring to several eminent Wesleyan clergymen writh whom he had been associated. It had been his privilege to stand.on the platform many and many atime with the Rcv~bMr Drnper,,rad: no monever better' deseroed to be ?anionised: 'He' ira' noble in his life, and nobler still in his death. The Rev. Joseph Dare andi himself had pleaded the same cause together, and many others from the same noble band of Christian men ani women had it been his privilege to work with. He had alwaiys found the greatest cordiality and kindness on the part of brethren of other denominations. He would also say that lie had heard many choirs lduring his cxperience, but henhad never Iheard l:picee, bcttci'rcdemdd'or witlih more good tiste thath the chair' of thleSale Wesleyan Church haid exhibited that even ing.. (Applause.) A vote of thanks lhaving been accorded to the chairman, the doxology was suong and the bencdictioonmpioor?6unced, tlios bringing this most successful anniversary to a close. 