" Self or Bearer." That is to say, two of them were quarrelling, and the third who ardently desired to swing shillelagh in thu fray, had been hustled and bnidled out of the squabble at an early stage, and now eat qiuiet waiting for his chance. • - 4 " Such a picture as this is truly national, it represents ths English bonheur de famille. Less civilised nations go to theatres, cafeis chantants open-air concerts, operas, danceB, circuses, public gardens— all kinds of things. All "infamily" our people stay at home, each household in its own nest. _ The elder boys, however, have got trick of spending the evening out. In his hand the Doctor had an evening pappr, and he was reading it slowly, as is roe habit with men who have no time for much reading, and sometimes forget the newspaper for many days together. From time to time he jerked a piece of news at his wife, who never read a paper at all, and knew nothing of any politics outside the walls of her own house. Then the door opened, and an old gentleman came in. He was a very clean, good-looking old gentleman, grave, and even severe, but not benevolent of aspect. Quite the contrary, indeed, though his locks were so silvery white and so abundant, and his beard so beautiful and creamy. He would have looked benevolent, perhaps, hut for his under-lip which projected and gave a grumpy look to an otherwise open and kindly countenance. This was Uncle Joseph himself. He was dressed in evening costume—not the old-fashioned ewal/ow-tail which old men used to wear by day, but the correct evening dress of the day, with a shirt-front decorated with one stud and a white tie. He wore this dress—a most unusual dress in Camden To wn— as if he was accustomed to it, not as if it was a kind of disguise. At sight of their great-uncle, the boys shut up the backgammon-board, and all then retired together promptly, and were heard to finish their game and their quarrel in some upstairs apartment. Norab, for her part, applied herself vigorously to to her novel, and her faher buried himself in the paper. So great was the popularity of Uncle Joseph. Uncle Joseph shook his head solemnly, took a chair as if he were assisting at a funeral, and sat beside his niece—Mrs. Cronan—with a sigh that was almost like a groan. He Bighecl a great deal is ~ the evening, which, for certain reasons, was a trying time with him. " Two yews ago," he addressed the Doctor,- but received no response from the newspaper, and therefore he turned to his niece. " Two yeirs ago, Maria, I should-now, at this moment, halfpast nine, sitting on the right hand, or >erhaps the left, of the Chairman. The ! banquet would be nearly over, and the eloquence of the evening, in trhieh I always took part in. it few well-choBen BBhtences, would be about to begin.' If you ;sit down at; half-past seven or quarter to eight, the speeches generally begin at half-past nine." . "Yes, indeed, Uncle Jospeh," Mrs Cronan repliedwithasigh sympathetic; 'f it must be a beantiful- thing to remember." "Beautiful. indeed. ,Maria 1" He again, 'il will take a glass of gin-and-water. But it is over—it is over., TBhallrhear those speeches no more. ^ £hall ilrink that champagne no Tnbre. Piper Bec and Heideieck are atrftugere tome henceforth." Vln heaven «nde,l- Mre. Oronan Suggested piously,, there is f mer champagne." The old man shoo&^hib head doubtfully,as if he thought (hat could not he. - " Andsiearly eveiy night, unfie, wasn't it*»|># "t A y JAft; > Nearly every sight, Maria. Always ineveiiingflrer^ ^J —————— ! f finentjewelsnl i mysterious cdSfittoniesof the L^dge and fee Batjgeat §iteAhe work was done The Safiljuet—ah'" again he groaned With the champagne. Nearly every day of toy life, for more than thirty years—except Sundays—the Banquet and the champagne. In summer, the country Lodges; in whiter, London. What a life, Maria! What a Career ! A»d notrit is over." - Uncle" Joseph, in tact, had been for something like thirty years the Secretary of a very Exalted Institution Masonry, much grander than Grand Lodge. In tins capacity—for which he was fitted hy a very extraordinary memory and as great a genius for ceremonial as if he had been Grand Chamberlain—he was constantly occupied in visitiog Lodges, and conducting the mysterious functions of the " Iiiwlim <!• ' —1- higher " degrees, those of which the humble wearer of tlio blue apron have no knowledge, and the outer world no appreciation. He spent, ae he proudly told his niece, nearly every night of his life in this work, and as the Function in every right-minded Lodge is always followed by a Banquet, there was certainly no other man in the whole world, outside Royal /circles, who had consumed such an enormous quantity of champagne, and was possessed of a finer palate. But to all things there cometh an end. The Secretary gTew old. He began to find travelling wearisome; his memory began to fail him—it was whispered that he had once imparted tbe secrets of a Higher Instead of a Lower Degree by mistake, a truly dreadful thing to do, and believed to have caused the Earthquake in Java \ things began to be said about slipshod conduct of his wort; and, finally, the Council resolved that the time was come whenhe must resign. Ihey gave him, however, a pension of one hundred pounds a year, which he brought to the Cronan houses hold, where he came to lodge and to grumble. His champsgne was cut off; it was gone for good. He would never again—alas!—taste of that divine drink. No wonder that the old man went heavily, and was always discontented. For he craved continually after champagne. He found some consolation in putting on hie dreRs-nlothes every night, and in talking over the once splendid past, he had a sympathetic listner in his niece, and he found ginand-water a substitute for champagne, inadequite it is true, but better than nothing. "It as been a brilliant career, Maria," he said. " Few mea—it has often been in my own presence—have 6at at more or at nobler Banquets. I doubt if any man, except a Prince, and he must bea Prince of seventy at least, has drunk more champagne than your poor uncle. Yet such a life has its drawbacks; you can't save money by eating and drinking; the more briliiant it is, the more champagne you drink, the less chance you've got of saving. You cau't save champagne, and now, you see, nothing butthe memory remains," " Indeed, Uncle Joseph, we are all proud of you." "And now I'm come down to a pension of a hundred a year and to ginand- water. Give mo another glass? Maria. Gin-and water.! •You must think of the Banquets, uncle, and the great company you kept, uncle." " The highest in the land," he replied solemnly. »I have initiated and raised to the most sublime Degreei Royal Princes and the noblest o. Nobility, young and old. As for Dukes, Marquises, Earls, and Barons, ihoy have been under my hands, meek and obedient, by "the hundred. I've lost count of Baronets, and Knights I value not at all. Yes, Maria. It gives a man some satisfaction in his old age to feel he's done so much good, and been so greatly honored. No doubt such a life bestows an. Air of Distinction put it on with my evening-dress. The jewels are upstairs. It would not be proper to adorn my breaBt with those splendid regalia outside a Lodge. I can leave my jewels to your children, Maria, but not the Air of Distinction. That can't be left to anybody." "I've often thought, Maria," the old man continued, " that I should have liked one of your boys to take up the same line. But of course it is too much to expect of them. It is a gift. Such a man as myself can't be made. He is born, as they say of a poet either a young man has the genius or he has not. Lord 1 Most Masters, whether in the Chair or past it, have got no more real knowledge of the Bitual, whatever the Degree, than they have of the Roman Mass." Of courso I don't know what it is," said Mrs. Cronan; " I've always understood " " You can't understand, Maria. No women can. It's beyond their intellects to understand sublimity and such intricacy. Mure than a dozen different Rituals—think of that! Every one com- plete and different, and all to be worked exact and word for word. All those Rituals at. iny fingers'-ends, without flaw or hitch, and me the man deputed to work them, for itstruct£on,for raising and advancing, and a separate dress for each, with its own Jewels! The aprons and the scarves are upstairs, with the Jewels. But the Rituals—they musn't be .written, and there's no one,-anywhere; who knows "them like me. They've got a young man in my place. I trained him. But, ae for comparing him with me—— Well, I pity the young man. They will make comparisons, and they will despise him." He shook his head mohrnfally.. "Your boys are all handsome, Maria Any of them would look well in the Apron and the Jewels of the Order. . But what is one to expect of them iea their lather has always refused to join the Craft, and scoffs nt it openly ? It is wrong of him, Maria, and. I have known Doctors -'made by -joining a Lodge, and making themselves popular in it. I would have taught your boys,; and advanced jthem, and introduced them. But are they taught reverence or the ritual? I would have taken hemtdas3u>Dliorm&nners.;' Knrln. manneretoBp.l^^ed in Cajpden Townf I couia glnjap.mi thgrfeB w^-tdp to nbpefor intimacy with Bpyalty and] the Nbbinty unless they heed me Breth-1 Why;formy own par^liaWconversed with the nobleat in the country as their equal—actually their equal. And l liave exchanged opinions with the IViiioe himself without a stammer, Maria." • "Oh, good Lord!" This unseemly interruption was due to the Doctor, who suddenly jumped up with the profane cry. He dropped back, however, and sat Sown" again, gazing about him with a look of the blankest amazement. The start, the cry might have been forced from him by suddenly sitting on a pin, or by exasperation beyond endurance with Uncle Joseph's tedious prattle or by some sharp internal pain, or by the recollection of some frightful omission or blunder. But that look of amazement—what did that mean ? "Gracious!" cried Mrs. Cronan; " what has come to you, my dear ? " "Nothing" said the Doctor. He picked up the paper which he had dropped, folded it very carefully, and placed it in his pocket—a thing which he had never been kuown to do in all hiB life before, "There must be something tbe matter," his wife persisted. "Is it toothache ? " " It is nothing," he repeated ; "nothing of the least importance to us, or to anybody." "Then it is something," said Norah, " and something that concerns you, at least, papa; and it is something that you read in the paper. Let me read the paper, too." He made no reply, except to look about him with a bewildered look as one who wonders what he is going to do next. " If I am allowed to talK without being interrupted," said Uncle Joseph irritably, "I was going to say, Maria—" " Papa, let me see the paper," said Norah again. No, my dear, not to night. I dare say you wUl hear soon enough. " I was going to say, Maria- " Yes, Uncle Joseph. Your father will show, me the paper to-night Norah," said Mrs. Cronan in a tone which implied that, as a wife, Bhe meant to know the secret, whatever it was. "If there is anything in it which concerns you, of course I can tell it to you in the morning. Go on, Uncle Joseph " " I was going to say, Maria, when these interruptions began, that there is something in noble blood which one remarks on the very first introduction. It is something " Here the door opened, and Uncle Joseph was a third time interrupted. He sat back in his chair, and began to drum the table with hia fingers, but only for a few moments, because the thing which followed was of suchasurprising and startling character that for once he forgot his own reminiscences. This late visitor was an elderly man with iron-grey hair, short of stature, and thick build, but not fat; a man of hard face^—hardness in his grey eyeB, hard- ness in his firm-set mouth, hardness in his chin. As he stood in the doorway, Norah who bad her mind full of her novel, , thought he looked like a landlord come to sell up everybody without pity. Nobody knew him better than herself, and her knowledge of him aid not make that resemblance -impossible. For Mr. Murridge was her employer; she was his Private Secretary. " I don't know, Doctor," said the visitor, " whether I ought to offer you my condolences over the death of your illustrious cousin, or my congratulations on your accession to his houours." " I don't know, either—hang me if I do!" said the Doctor. " You have, I suppose, seen the evening papers ? The paragraph is in all of them. I wonder how these Editors get hold of news so quickly, The news of his Lordship's death arrived this morning only." But my two cousins ?" ' One of them died three years ago, and the other three months ago." "Good Heavens!" cried the Doctor, sinking into his chair. " Papa," said Norah, " something has happened. I think you had better let me see the paper." The Doctor sighed, but he drew the thing out of his pocket and handed it to his daughter. While she ran her eye down the columns nobody spoke. Mrs. Cronan held a needle in suspense at the very moment of action ; Uncle Joseph ceased drumming; Mr. Murridge smiled superior as one who knows what is coming; and the Doctor looked more miserable and foolish than at any previous situation in his whole life. " I have found it!" cried Norah. " Listen, mother. Where is Daffodil ? Where is Calieta? The children ought to be taken out of bed and brought down Oh, here is news! Listen eveiybody. Papa, is it possible ? You knew it all before, and you told none of as—not even me. Mother^ didn't you know ? " Your mother's grandfather, the Alderman^—*' Uncle Joseph began? but Norah interrupted, reading breath ' We have to announce die death of Hugh Hyacinth, Viscount Clonsilla, of the Irish Peerage, which took place in the island of Madeira, a fortnight ago. Lord Clonsilla was born in Dublin in "the year 1810, andrwas therefore in bis seventy-fifth year, He marriea, in 1836, Ursula daughter of Sir Patrick M'Grath, Baronet,,* and had issue one son, who died unmarried in the year 1866. The late L&rd; never took any active cart in politics. The heir tothe Title is'Hugh Hyacinth Cronan, Esquire, M.D., the great-grandson of the first Viscount, and, son of the late Hogh Hyacinth Cronan, formerly of the Irish Civil Service, Dr. Cronan has been for many years, practising as a Physician in London.' THERE!" "What does sihemean ? " asked Mrs. Cronan helplessly." ~ ^ - " We-are all Viscounts and Honourables. Oh, 1 ' said Norah, "what will ljugh: %ay?, Whbt will Calista say Gobd QritfooSlSFa like a dream!" " nte this instant," cried Mia. CrehBn again, "what it means ? " " It Jneans, my Lady," said Mr Murridge, bowing low, though he was an old friend of the family, and had never bowed low before; "itmews nothing less than that your noble husband is the Right Honorable Viscount Clondilla, of the Irish Peerage. Nothing less, T assure you." i'iA Lord "Viscount !" said Uncle Joseph. 1 ' There was a Viscount once— he was a Templar. Maria, -there-oughtto be on, this occasion, a bottle of Champagne." " Nothibg less," repeated Mr. Murridge. " And nothing more," said his Lordship. But no one heard bim. "AViscount! My grandfather was an Alderman—and—yet Hyacinth, can't you speak ? Why have I not been told?" "It's Duke, Marquis, Earl, Viscount and Baron, Baronet and Knight, unless you reckon the Ranks of Grand Lodge and the Thirty-Third," Baid Uncle Joseph. '' Really, Maria, on such an occasion " " There was no use in telling you of a chance which seemed ao impossible," said the Doctor. " And I've been married to a nobleman's cousin for five-and-twenty years, and never knew it." JJ"0nIy his second cousin once removed" said tbe Doctor. "My dear, I told you the truth, My father was in the Civil Service, as I told you. His grandfather was the first Viscount Clonsilla and the second Lord Clonsilla. When last I heard anything about it, Lord Clonsilla had a son, and a married brother, and a first cousin; all these stood between me and the Title. Was it worth talking about? I had no money; I had never spoken to the Viscount, or set eyes on him. ' Nor had my father before me. What was the good of my great relations ? " " Great relations are always good," said his wife. " If it hadn't been for tbe Alderman, my grandfather, and my Uncle Joseph, where would have been the Family Pride?" "At all events, my Lady," said Mr. Murridge, " there is no doubt possible on the subject. The late Lord's only eon died twenty years ago unmarried." His brother it is true, was married, but he had no children. And the first cousin, who was the Heir Presumptive, died three months ago, also without offspring—S. P. as we say in genealogies. Consequently, the next beir to the Coronet and Title is—your husband.' "Oh," cried Norah, throwing her arms about her father's neck, "I am so glad! You poor dear! You shan't go any longer slaving like a.postman np and down the streets all day; you shan't be waked up by a bell,and made to go out in the middle of the night "as if you were a railway-porter; you shan't any more make up your own medicines; you shall hand overall your patients to anybody who likes—give them to Hugh if you like. What will Hugh say when he finds out that lam the Honourable Norah—or are we the Ladies Calista and Norah ? " _ The Lord knows!" said the Viscount still looking helpless and bewildered. _,„„, " Well, ^ I suppose Hugh - won't , - mind — 1 !?PP 08e , eha 1 S" 1 frompamden Town and live at the West End—Notting Hill, even "— Norah's knowledge of the West was limited— " and drive about in our own carriage and go to Theatres every night. Daffodil will give up the Hospitals and go into the House " " Perhaps we shall all go into the House, Norah, my dear," said her father grimly. "Oh, you will go into the Upper House! Of course, there's acres and acres of land in Ireland—dirty acres, the novels call them "—Mr. Murridge coughed and the Doctor changed colour—" and a Country House. What is tie name of our Country House?" "Oh! I know it is a beautiful, grand old place, with a lake and swans, and a lovely garden, and the most wonderful glass houses, and a Scotch gardener. I haven't read Mi6s Braddon for nothing." "There WEB a Country HOUBB once. It was called Castle Clonsilla." "But Ibelieve it tumbled down years ago. The late Lord never saw the place since they shot at his father and hit the priest." "Well, then, there must be a grand old —old—venerable—aueient—romantic history of the House. You will tell us the Family History, won't you, as soon ae we settle down ? All the men were knights without fear, and all the ladies were beautiful and without reproach." " I will tell it you at once: About two hundred years ago there was an attorney in Dublin, named Hyacinth Cronan. Creeping Joe, ihey called him, so greatly was he admired. He made his son a banister, and the barrister became a Judge, and the Judge was made, for certain political aervices, Lord Clonsilla. Crawling Joe, his friends called him, to distinguish him from his father. His son, for other eminent political services, was raised a step in the Irish Peerage at the time of the Union. That is all the family history, Norah; and I am hanged if I see much to oe proud of when it is told." "Not one of them," said Uncle Joseph "so much as a Provincial Grand Master" "Oh! And no Banshee? no Ghost? a o . White Lady ? Are you quite sure ? J ' asked Norah. - my dear.'- " WeU, then there is a Town House somewhere, I am sure. I hope it is in Ireland. I feel real Irish already Tomorrow I shall by The Wearing of the Green. Where is our beautifnl Town House —Lady donsilla'sTown Housewhere she will live in the season with her daughters, the Ladi»s Calista, Notah, Honor, and Kathleen ? "There used to be one over in Dublin, ""tJsappose ifa been sold long ago." " Well, there's the money and tie airly acres," Norah persisted: {%> fc Coutiim&.J 