ZABINA ZEMBRL CHAPTER XXXVI. KEV QUARTERS. BY WILLIAN BLACK. Author of " Mtc'.ecd of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," £c. ''And this is what they call the jocund morn," Walter Lioatay remarked to himself, as he was leisurely dressing by gaslight. It was about 9 o'clock. Outside, the great world of London lay steeped in a hta*y and tlumberoQK fojr, dense, immovable, mysterious, with here and there a black ghost passing through the -saffron-hued darkness. Aed yet he did not complain over much. There were other and more cheerful visions before his^yes. lie was about to take a little run down into Surrey, just to recall what an English winter was like in the country; aud it was quite possible that he might be led into making a serieB of water-colour studiesextending o^er several months, indeed—if only he could find convenient quarters. Mor did he at all seek to conceal from himself that his main purpose in going down the country was that he might perhaps have Sabina for neighbour. No; on the contrary, he strove to persuade himself that he should approach her without any anxiety or misgiving whatever. Why should there be any embarrassment? tie would have nothing to do with trembling hopes and fears. It was for Sabina her- Belf to decide what their relationship should be—of the simplest, if so she wished it. But she could hardly refuse him her friendship. She would not turn away from him without a reason. And it would be a very pleasant thing for him to know that this beautiful sister and companion—or acquaintance, even, if she preferred that—was not more than an hour or two's walk away. Perhaps she would give him a cup of tea as he paEsed. They might meet at Church of a Sunday morning, and stroll homeward together. He could leave little presents for the boy, or illustrated papers and magazines for herself, or a basket of fruit, perhaps, got down from Covent Garden. SiBter a ad friend, if so she wished it—he was content. And so be looked forward to meeting Sabina with equanimity and a light heart. During the morning matters outside mended somewhat—the fog grew gradually thinner, and by the time he issned forth the snn was actually visible—appearing like a small Hispano-Moresque plate in an atmosphere of opaque milky-white. It was a long way across London to Waterloo Station; when he reached that hollow - resounding place, with its cold platforms and shivering porters, there was even a faint suggestion of blue in the sky—he was now secure of a bright day for lus first dip into Surrey. Ue had made np his mind that on this occasion he would not seek to see Sabina, He would merely have a look round the neighbourhood to discover whether it would suit his purpose. His own dim recollection of it was .that it was pretty flat—heathy commons, ponds, scattered villages, and so forth. But; in any case there was more variety a little way farther to the south—by Box-Hill and Mickleham Downs; and then again it was atmospheric effects he was aiming at rather than pronounced landscape. FroBty moonlight nights, snow-scenes, wan, wintry sunrises, and the like : these were what he was after; he could afford, in this series of studies, at least, to dispense with the conventionally picturesque. And if he did happen to meet Sabina on this journey of exploration, of course he would speak to her. She would hardly be surprised. It was a landscape-painter's business to be about the country in all seasons. He would tell her his aims. And she wonld understand that his choice of this neghbourhood was dictated chiefly by the fact of there being a convenient little hotel at Burford-Bridge, which would afford him excellent headquarters.! But still—still—as the train jogged on its way through the wintry English landscape— with its irregular little fields and tall hedges, its dank raw greens and reds, its pale sunshine and vaporous distances—he began to be less convinced that he should meet Sabina in this easy and matter- of-fact fashion. There were some things he could not quite forget. He conld not forget how, in former days, when Sabina made her appearance—whether at the top of the stairs at the Boyal Academy, or alighting from her cab in front of his own house, or as he casually encountered her in Kensington High- street—there was a kind of bewilderment caused by the straightforward look of her clear, beautiful, bland eyes. He could not forget the glamour of her presence as she sat beside him at the supper-table, the charm of her smile, the mystic fascination of her voice, and his own desperate anxiety to be kind to her and to entertain her in every possible way. Things were changed, it is true. Then she was the admired of all —radiant, and beautiful, and queenly; conferring favour by the mere touch of her hand ; bringing with her an atmosphere of light and happiness and sunshine withersoever she went; now she was solitary, and apart from friendB, and a widow. And then he remembered—in these rather wistful reveries, as he sat and looked out on the ever-changing wintry landscapethat Monna Giovanna ,was a widow when at last Federigo won her love. But then Monna Giovanna was rich and had everything to gire; whereas Federigo, when he had sacrificed his falcon for her Bake, had parted with the last of his possessions. And then again he recalled Janie's often-repeated saying, ' There is but the one way of winning Sabie s love, and that is through her pity.' He was in no promising case, then ? In honest truth, he could not compassionate himself about anything. He was in the beBt of health, with the years still lying lightly on his shoulders; he had won for himself a position as an artist which he considered quite commensurate with his meritB; he was of good descent; he had more money than met his needs; he had lots of friends. He knew of no particular reason why he should be Ditied; except, perhaps, that he had the misfortune to be very much in love with a woman—and even in that direction he did not struggle hard with hit fate. " Witstead!" The sudden sound startled him out of these reveries; and in voluntarily and quickly he glanced round the little platform. But there was no oue going away by the train; and he was the only person who alighted; when he had ---n-™-r given np his -— ticket and passed through the small building, he found hipjsel! ftI 0ne. with the road lying bafor« ^ Awards the viilaeo- An'd here he paused, in dire uncertainty, almost in fear. It was one thing to think of Sabina when he was three or four [thousand miles away; and it was another to find himself almost within a stone's throw of her, so that any moment he ought find himself confronted by her startled eyes. If only he could at once go forward and take her hand and say, "Dear friend, don't be alarmed. It is true I have come to see yon—to be near you. But I will vex you with no importunities. You shall be my sister, if you wish it— my sister and friend ; and £ will ask you to let me see you occasionally, and to help you in any way that may arise ?" But would not these very explanations be embarrassingnay impossible ? And now he wished he had gone on to Burford Bridge; and remained there until the arrival of his painting materials. He had not even a note-book and encil with him to make pretence, supposing Ee were suddenly to meet Sabina, and have to tell his tale. And what if she were to resent his coming thus unannounced and uninvited He began to think it would be better for him to avoid Witstead ; there would be some other route by which he conld make his way to Burford Bridge. And yet an overpowerinft fascination of curiosity drew him on, bit by bit, towards the village. He regarded the most trivial things around him with the keenest interest. This road, now—crisp and hard it was in the grip of the frost, and the ruts made by the cart-wheels were gleaming white with ice— this was the road Sabina would come along each time she went to London, And oi course she would be quite familiar with all these things—the wintry hedges, the wide stretch of common, with its patches of darkgreen gorse, the pond now ruffled into silver by a slight wind from the north. And still he went on, with an eye cast well forward. If only he could see her cottage, then he would go away content. But how was he to make out which of these straggling houses was hers ? He met no one, and so could not ask. As he drew nearer, he could see two or three small children playing about; otherwise, the main thoroughfare seemed quite deserted; for although there were two heavily laden wains in front of the Checkers, the drivers had gone inside. Finally, after a moment's hesitation, he took heart of grace, walked boldly forward, crossed the road, and entered the inn. He was received by the daughter of the house, a pretty, bnxom, blue-eyed little wencta, who seemed to regard the tall, bronzed, blask-eyed stranger with much and evident favour. For not only did Bhe politely Invite him into the bar-parlour, but she offered him a newspaper, and poked up the fire for him, and when Bhe brought him the ale and biscuits and cheese he had ordered (in the meantime she had snatched a moment to look at her hair, and arrange her smart little cufis), she seemed quite willing to wait and be asked questions, which she answered smilingly and graciously. And this led to a notable discovery. " Oh, yea, it is a very quiet neighbourhood," she was saying; and then she added, with a little laugh—" But it wasn't last week, Yoa know we got our man in, sir." " No, , I didn't know," , he said'—though he suspected, from certain damaged placards he 1 bad seen, that there had been a county elccttyi) recently! " I bare been away from England for two or three years, and have just come back." " Have yon, indeed, sir?" she exclaimed, as if tbat were a very remarkable occurrence. " And who waa the lucky candidate ?" he continued. " Sir Tvrrell Drake, sir." " Ob, really," he eaid, with some surprise. Well, he is a good man." " He is a very kind gentleman—he is very siuch liked about here," the said pleasantly. "But you don't mean that he is still at Beaver Court'! I thought he had taken it for only a season or two, for the shoe ting." " He lias bpught the Court, air. Oh, yes, that was about eighteen months ago, I think." "Keally he said ; and for a minute or two the amiable young lady's volunteered information about Beaver Court and its connection with local polities received remarkably small attention. His raind was off on a rapid little trip. Of course Sabina would be known to the clergyman of the parish ; of course the clergyman would be known to the o<vner of Beaver Court, which was oue ef the great houses in the neighbourhood; Lindcay had become very friendly with this Sir Tyrrell Drake through meeting him at more than one shooting box in ScotlaEd; and so what more simple than to have conveyed to Sabina in this way the information that he was established at Burford Bridge and that there would be nothing remarkable if he should happen to meet him ? She would be preDared. There would be no danger of etartling her. Their friendship would be resumed in an eaBy and natural way: it would be no matter for wonder if he called upon her, and took the little presents for the boy. J When he had paid his shot, and was about I to leave, he said to the gracious and friendly hand-maiden:— " Do you happen to know a Mrs. Foster who lives about here ? : ' " Indeed I do, sir," was the instant answer. 1 " The poor dear lady la very lonely now ; she is a widow now, perhaps you know, sir ?" '• Yes," he said abeently. And then he added—" Is her house in the village or outside ?' " If you step into the road, I will show you. He followed her, and she pointed out to him the cottage, which stood somewhat apart from the rest of the place, with a bit of ground in front, and apparently a larger space of garden behind. He was rather glad that he could go on his way without passing the cottage ; but he stood looking at it—until, indeed, he was recalled to ms senses by the young lady of the inn saying to him— "Good morning, sir, and thank you." " Oh, good morning—and thank you very much," he said—and therewith she tripped in the hostelry, with just one brief, swift, and perhaps casnal glance from the doorstep^ at thehandsome.stranger who was now walking briskly away 'southward. And he was well content, that now he knew the actual and veritable house that held Sabina, and he was glad to be in the neighbourhood, and whenever chance brought him that way he would know the precise spot that his eyes would seek for. Indeed, so well satisfied was he with his morning's work that as he got further and further down into the country he began to devote his mind to other things, and to have a look about him for possible subjects. To an ordinary observer there was not much that was promising; for although there was a perfectly cloudless sky overhead, and the pale December sunlight was flooding the land, wintry desolation waa too apparent, the woods were leafless, the trees nearer at hand looked black. That is to say, to an ordinary observer the trees might have looked black ; but to the trained eye of a landscape-painter there is nothing black in the country except the rooks; as regarded these very trees, he was noting with delight the golden-green of their stems on the sunward; side and the beautiful deep rose-purple of their spreading masses of branches and twigs. Indeed for him there was no lack of colour anywhere. There was the ruddy bronze of the fallen beech leaves; there was the dull yellow of the foliage of the scrub oak; there was the sparkling green of ivy and laurel, and the heavier green of the firB; the tall hedges were starred with the red or purple-red berries of the hawthorn, the wild rose, and the yew; here and there the high banks were hanging with the silvery-grey fluff of the wild clematis. Oh, yes, he should have plenty of employment. There were greater things than these to tax his skill. The everchanging heavens would present him with their Blow-moving transformations, from the lonely splendour of the dawn to the mystery of the coming night—the snow and the frost would be his companions; the moonlit woods would : have secrets to reveal. And he was especially fcrtunate in this, that the public were very good to him, and did not grumble when he would insist on doing his work in his own way. He might be as patient and faithful and minute as he chose—or as elusive and subtle and faintly suggestive—and they did not complain. Doubtless they knew they could get chromo-lithographs elsewhere. When he got down to Box-Hill he first of all had a look round the neighbourhood, and saw there what—with a little straining of conscience—served to confirm him in his purpose. Then he proceeded to the Burford Bridge Hotel, and managed to secure what seemed to him very snug and comfortable rooms. And finally he ascertained that Sir Tyrell Drake was then living at Beaver Court; though they could not tell him whether Sir Tyrrell had got through his pheasant-shooting of the year. The fact is, Lindsay, though he had now to say " For I must to the greenwood go," had no thought of going as " a banished man." He expected to spend the time very pleasantly in.this retreat; and if his work should hold him mainly bound to these more southern regions, still there were Sundays and other occasional holidays when a little trip northward would afford him relaxation. If only that first meeting were well over. In the meanwhile he walked on to Beading and took train back to London; anxious to get his preparations made as soon as possible, and himself installed inthese new quarters. In a couple of days' time he thought he should be established at Burford-Bridge. CHAPTEBXXXVIL TOGETHER. Eventually, as it proved, it was the merest chance that threw him in Sabina's way. On the afternoon ^i^uvvu of v^ bis ilio leaving icflviug London uvuuvu for IVl the mc go^y, vvLen hfe painting-gear had been packed and put on the top of a hansom, he drove to Victoria Station. The place was busy and thronged, for it wanted bat two days to Christmas; and it was with an idle and yet interested curiosity that he stood and watched the holiday-folks while the porter was getting down his things from the cab. At this moment an omnibus was driven up, and about the first person to alight was a tall young woman, dressed simply in black ana partially veiled, who was carrying some parcels in her hand. Now any woman who was young and tall attracted his notice ; it was a habit he had fallen into; but the moment he set his eyes on this black-draped figure his heart jumped. Nay, as she stepped across the outer platform and entered the ticket-office, his wild conjecture became a certainty—how could he mistake that graceful, easy walk, and the unconsciously proud set of the head! Instantly he followed her—uncertain what to do or say— determined only not to let her out of his sight. She passed through the crowded ticket-office and went leisurely across the platform towards the bookstalL He caught a side glimpse of her face—and a thrill of joy and wonder and almost fear flashed through his frame. Indeed this was Sabina —her very self—pale, it is true—bnt as beautiful as ever; he might have known it was she by the luxuriant, soft, golden-brown hair, that the small black hat and veil only served partially to conceal. "Mrs. Foster!" he said, rather breathlessly. She turned sharply and suddenlv, with a frightened look on her face, but sbe recognised him almost at once; and then she gave him her hand, in a somewhat hesitating manner. "How do you do?" she said. "I heard you had come back to England. I saw Janie this afternoon." " I—I am afraid I startled you," he said. "It was the strange voice—that was all," she answered ; and now she was speaking with perfect self-composure. " Let me carry your things for you," he said. " No, thank you; they are quite light, Merely some little presents for two or three children I know." " Shall I get you your ticket ?" "I have a return, thank you." It seemed so extraordinary to be standing here talking to Sabina about these common place trifles, jnst.as if he had bade her good-by yesterday in Kensington-square. And after that first brief shock of surprise she appeared to be quite calm and collected; it was be who was rather bewildered and breathless and anxious to talk about a great many things at once; for hs remembered Janie's hint. The paBt was past, and there was an understood compact that it should lie buried and forgotten. It was the things of the pre- 1 sent he had to talk about in this interval of waiting for the train—except, indeed, when Sabina was so kind as to ask him about his travels, or his intentions as regarded the future. He left her for a moment to lOok after his luggage, and then these two went down the platform together to the train—a strikingly handsome couple, as one or two of the bystanders appeared to think. The young widow was neatly dressed, too ; Lindsay, at least, was sure that black became her pale complexion, and her soft-braided snn-brOwn hair. , They re&cbed; tbe carriages) "Good-by," she said, in a gentle and friendly way, and she held out her hand. "But mayn't I come with you?" he said, with evident surprise. " You go to Witstead, don't yon ? Well, I am for Burford Bridge. ItiB the same train." " 1 am going third-class," she said, simply, and then she added, with a smile, " You know, I have to be very economical nowadays." " You always were very economical," he answered, quickly. " And I am going thirdclass, too. Economy ! You don't know what is cxpected of us puor artists. I am afraid to walk along- the streets with a decent hat cn my head." " Why "Why? In case any of the art critics should see me." He could not explain at the moment. He had to net his paraphernalia stewed iuto the further end of a third-class carriage, and then be asked her to step iD, and then he turned to the guard who was coming along— "Look here, guard. 1 have a lot of breakable things litre that 1 don't want moved. I tuiipote you can keep the compartment for UB A couple of half-crowns slipped iota the guard's hand accompanied this enquiry ; the next minute he was seated in the carriage, with the (icor locked ; and he was alone with ] i ! j | . | : ' j Sabina. In order to remove any embarrissment he took up his parable again—lightly, cheerfully, diecursively, as if talking to her were the most ordinary and natural thing in the world. " But it isn't because we are poor that we artists ought to practise economy; ob, no; the cry against us is that we are all so wealthy and purse-proud aad prosperous. Tbat is why English art is in its decadence. Did you know that English art was in its decadence V " I should not have said so—not in land- Fcape, any way," she addtd, with a touch of flattery. " But it is. You see, art alwavs is in its decadence, according to contemporary critics. Very well, then ; they have to find a reason for it; aud the reason at present is that in England artists are paid too well. They live in comfortable houses ; buy brie i- brac; their wives wear satins and silks; therefore the pampered sonB of fortune can't paint. If they cared for their art—if they cared for anything but money and profusion and display—they would go and live the life that Millet lived" "J. F. Millet, you mean?" she asked— though she judged by his manner that he was only talking to amuse her. " Yes. As if Millet painted well simply because he was a singularly unlucky man and was badly treated, or aB if he wouldn't have lived a very different life if he bad had the chance. But take the other side of the question. If being paid for one's work—if living in a decent house—or even bsing received at Court—is destructive of the artist's aims, how did Vandyke, and Rubens, and Velasquez manage to paint at all ? You don't suppose that Titian starved, or Baphael, or Michael Angelo. Turner did not die a pauper. Sir Joshua Beynolds painted some passable things, too, though he did not live m a garret. Well, you know, all that is the Grub-street notion of the arts. And yet I am not sure that Grub-street has done so much, after all. Shakspeare didn't live there—he bought houses, and land, and tithes. Milton didn't live there, nor Pope, nor Dryden, nor Wordsworth, nor Byron, nor Shelley, nor Scott. Indeed I am not so certain that our critics, who exhort us to live in a garret, and cultivate literature and painting on a little oatmeal—I am not quite certain that they live there themselves. On the Press-day at the Academy I know I have Eeen more than one brougham drive into the Court-yard of Burlington House, Now, that's wrong. That is very wrong. If a man's work goes to the dogs when he gets well paid, how about a critic in a brougham ? But perhaps they don't think it matters much what becomes of criticism ; and so they may have their houses in Kensington, their boxes at the play, their fine dinner-parties, while we are ordered off to.make water-colour drawings at forty francs a piece, or else be denounced as traitors to our art, and hucksters, and panderers to fashion. It's a little hard though, isn't it ?" " They would be quite pleased to see yoa as you are now," Sabina said, with a smile, " in a third-class railway carriage." " Y'es," he said. "I must manage to have it put in the papers—they put everything in the papers nowadays." However, there was not much of serious malice in this mock complaint of his; for indeed the critics had been very kind to him, as far as he knew; and sometimes had even gone out of their way, in their usual pessimistic wail, to make of him an especial exception, as one whose work showed undeviating high purpose. It was merely the first subject that had suggested itself on his getting into this third-class carriage ; it served its purpose of removing any restraint between Sabina and himEelf; and by the time he had completed a whimsical contrast between the lot of a critic in London, living in luxury, frequenting his Clubs gossiping through private views, and perhaps even seated at the Boyal Academy banquet, and the lot of a poor devil of on artist in the Canadian wilds, with half-frozen fingers cooking his own meals and sleeping at night in a shivering tent—by the time he nad put these two people before her, and sought to enlist her sympathy on behalf of one of them, they were rattling away down into Surrey, with the dusk of the December afternoon stealing gradually over the land. In his heart he thanked Janie. It was ever so much more satisfactory to be talking about the merits of English portrait-painting than to be offering sham condolences ; and Sabina showed that she was not at all shocked by his apparent callousness, for she was most friendly and pleasant towards him. That was until they reached Witstead; there her manner changed. For now the dusk had deepened; and of course he said that he would get out there and escort her home— making his own way to Burford Bridge on foot; and he was a little surprised that she should so earnestly ask him not to think of such a thing. " Oh, but I must insist," he said. " What, do yon think I am going to let you walk away alone through the dark ?" "I assure you I am quite used to it," she pleaded. " Please don't let me put you about so. Do you know how many miles it is to Burford Bridge " Yes, I know very well. Here, guard !" "Yes, sir." " When you get to Burford Bridge, just give those things to the stationmaster, will you, and tell him I will send for them this evening." " Very well, sir." Of course, when she saw that he was determined, she forebore _ to protest any further; and she relinquished to him the parcels she was carrying; then they set forth together, along the desolate road and through the ever-deepening and darkening twilight. He did not walk fast—though Sabina was a notable walker, and liked brisk exercise. He wished this solitary way were thrice as long. And it was so strange to find himself alone in the world with her, as it were, in the silence of the night, with one or two stars just becoming faintly visible through the thin mist that lay all around them. Now and again a parcel that he carried would touch her dress. That was being close enough to Sabina. Tbat was not like being some three or four thousand miles away, half-dreaming, over a camp-fire, of England and of a woman s face set round about with an aureole of golden-brown hair, and shining with benignant eyes. And he wondered why Sabina had been so anxious that he should not walk with her from the station. Did she wish him not to see how small the place was in which Bhe now lived ? No; that was not like Sabina—who was simplicity itself in such matters. And as if it conld. matter to him where Sabina lived—in hovel or in palace— BO long as she was his friend. " You will be distributing your presents to-morrow, I suppose ?" he said (though the silence and the light sound of her footfall on the frosty road were delightful enough). " They can hardly be called presents," she answered, simply. " The fact is, Janie and her husband have sent me down everything that could be imagined for my own little boy; and as I had to be in London I thought I might as well bring some bitB of things for a few of the children about. But why tomorrow ?". " You will spend Christmas Day at home ?' : he said, at a venture. " Yes, I shall," she said. " But you forget my home is there." " I meant London," he said. " I thought perhaps you might be going up to your friends—to the Wygrams, for example." " No," she said, shortly. "I am not going anywhere at present. And you—where shall you be?" He could not help smiling—though she did not see. For well he recognised the old abrupt manner—the straightforward frankness that used to startle him a little bit sometimes. And highly pleased was he to find her placing him on the old friendly footing. "Oh, I?" he said. "Well, one or two people have been so kind as to take pity on a forlorn bachelor ; and I was thinking of going to the house where there were the most children—for they make the fun of Christmas; bnt, do you know, I really think I shall stay at Burford Bridge." " Christmas in a hotel ?" she said, " Won't you find that very lonely?" " Loneliness and I have been pretty constant companions since I left England," said he, "and we manage to get on very well together. We're on the best of terms, and hardly ever tire of each other. But if I should find Burford Bridge just a trifle too dull on Christmas Day, I may walk over and call on ygu {or a quarter of as bow Yon know I s m t c c L t a t c s t want to make the acquaintance of yonr little boy." She answered neither yes nor no; and it was too dark for him to see by her face how she took his proposal. Presently, she said rather slowly— " 1 think, if I were you, I would accept one of those invitations. It hardly seems Englishlike to spend Christmas in a hotel. And there must be many of your friends delighted to welcome you after so long an absence. "Ob, I think I shall keep to Burford Bridge," he said cheerfully, " if I don't put the good people about. I should be a stranger, now, if I went to any one's house. I shall do very well by myself." They were arrived at the front gate of the little cottage. "Well, whether you go up to town or not," she said, " I wish you a Merry Christmas." He took her hand. " I wish you a Merry Christmas, and many, many, many happy New Years." Perhaps there was just a trace of too much earnestness in this speech ; for she somewhat distantly said— "Good-night. I am sure your friends must be glad to see you looking so well." And then he shut the little gate; and also bade her good-night; and directly afterwards was making off to the southward as fast and as joyfully as he could go—his footsteps sounding sharply on the hard road, a dim mist hanging all around, the Pleiades overhead showing merely as a small faint patch of silver haze, a large planet burning more clearly in the south. Then there was dinner in the comfortable little hotel; and there were big logs piled on the fire of his sitting-room ; and his pipe was lit; and there were visions there—not in the least of a mournful character. His mind was going back over many things— the evenings of former years; and he wondered if she sometimes recalled them, too. And most of all, he lamented that he had no keepsake or souvenir of these happy nights, as linking her memory of them with his. The only thing he possessed that was associated with Sabina was the chalice of rock crystal out of which she had sipped to please him, and he thought he would have that brought down for Christmas Day—not to drink out of, but to grace his solitary table. If only she had given him some small trinket in these far-off days ! A rose, even, at Mrs. Mellord's ball; he would have had the leaves embalmed in a small gold casket, that he could bave attached to hts watchchain. That was the night she had come into the ball as if in a cloud of radiant white; that was the night she had gone with him into the half-lit supper-room, with its festoons and beds of roses, and had lain lazily back in her chair, with the one diamond in her necklet flashing from time to time as she breathed. Or perhaps he would have been more fortunate if he had prayed for some token of remembrance on the evening she spent at his own house ? She waB more than kind and complaisant tbat night—as they sat at table together. He remembered some verses of a ballad of his own country—of his own county, indeed— O dinna ye mind, love Gregory, When we sate at the wine, How we changed the napkins frae our necbs 7 It's no eae lang sinsyne. And yours was gnde, and gude enough, Bnt no sae gude as mine ; For yours waa o' the cambrick clean, But mine o' the silk sae fine. And dinna ye mind, loye Gregory As we twa sate at dine ; How we changed the rines frae our fingers, And I can show thee thine ? And yours was gude, and gude enough, Yet no sae gude as mine, For yours was o' the red, red gold, Bat mine o' the diamond fine. Cambric or silk, gold or diamond, it would have mattered little to him what this trinket might be, if only Sabina had given it to him as a pledge of remembrance. And here now was Christmas come—when friendly gifts and sovenirs were permitted according to common custom. From her to him?—that was hardly to be thought of. From him to her ?— well, that was matter for long and cheerful consideration, as the yellow logs and roots blazed up in tongues of crimson fire, and his pipe was lit again and again, and the slow half-hours crept on. 