The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1887. AFTER the effusiveness and excitement of last week it is possible that a kind of re- <*> action may follow, or at least be feared. A man who yields to an enthusiastic im- pulse is liable to be carried away thereby, and at a subsequent period to take himself rather severely to task. Perhaps he accuses himself of having lost his head, and begins to feel rather ashamed of it. He wonders how other people regarded his conduct, and somewhat shyly and furtively looks round for evidences of their opinion. In a half apologetic manner he explains the reasons of his conduct, and very likely tries to tone down the language he has used. An experience of this kind comes to a good many people in the course of their lifetime, and is not among their most pleasant recollections. What occurs to individuals may in its general cha racteristics be found among communi ties where there is a popular and tolerably unanimous movement. We have been passing through a time when sentiment and emotion have been the chief guiding aad controlling forces, having taken the reins from the hands of judgment and reason. The motive-power was an irresistible impulse which carried all before it, and which has not yet entirely spent its strength. We are, how ever, pulling ourselves together as it were, and commencing to- reflect Oar streets have been thronged with visitors by day, and br-tliantly illuminated at night. There have been monster gatherings and mili tary pageants beyond all precedent. We have had jubilee addresses, j übilee demon strations of unexampled extent and variety, jubilee decorations, talked about jubilee honors, and crowned the whole with a Jubilee Exhibition. No wonder if we feel a little as though we were re covering from an attack of jubilee on the brain. We -have had jubilee for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, it haa been with ns waking aud sleep ing, and it would be contrary to the laws of nature if we did not think it time to have a change and feel a suspicion of weariness concerning it. Influencing everything as its focal point or centre of gravity, and giving to it tone, flavor, fire, intensity, have been the sentiments of loyalty and devotion to the Queen. In that respect there has been an enthu siasm, a glow, and a who-e-heartedaass in the demonstrations indicating that they were at a white heat. Such a deviation from the normal state may easily provoke telf-qoestionlngs whether the thing waa not overdone, and a glance around to ace how other people comported t.homselro? nnder analogous circumstances. English men have an almost morbid dread of be ing or appearing singular, and an equal hatred of provincialism or raaticity in their behavior. They pride themselves on retaining their sang froid in difficulties, and if they drop it for a moment are un comfortable and embarrassed by the con sdousn-BS. Aa a seasonable corrective to every thing of that kind the demonstrations in London when the Queen opened the People's Palace, and of the jubilee celebra tion last week of whioh we have published copious telegraphic accounts, may be re ferred to. They ahow that popular feel ing there ran far higher, excitement was much greater, and the magnificence of the successive displays was such as to make those we have witnessed seem tame and commonplace by comparison. Visitors to these colonies have frequently remarked with a kind of wonder on the exuberance of loyalty they have met with, but assuredly the events of this year do not sustain the idea that England is less enthusiastic in its rrn.nif_tati.n? of loyal feeling than the colonies. London itself has entered into the celebration with an abandon and thorough ness that haa left every other part of the Empire far behind. Through out the kingdom its example was followed, and the colonies and other dependencies have for once at least failed to keep pace with it. When the Queen visited the East-End of London a little more than a month ago, along the whole course of her drive from Paddington to Mile-End—a distance of nearly seven miles—the streets were lined with swarming thousands, and her progress marked by a continuous and thundering cheer. With her usual thoughtf ulness she had chosen a Saturday for the occasion, andhundredsof .o_?__n..B of working people were thus enabled the more easily to share in (he general jubila tion. In nearly every street business was suspended, shop windows were either closed as a protection against the pressure of the crowd, or ths interior utilised by being let to provide seats for the sightseers. Banners of every form, drapery of all colors, mottoes ln endless diversity, and flags of all nations, with garlands of flowers in great profusion, were to be witnessed everywhere. What was of far greater significance than all (hia outward show, however, was the spirit that per vaded the Immense multitudes. It is tiie barest statement of fact that there has been very seldom a royal progress of such length through the streets of any city; and as the Times says—"Never has greater enthusiasm been aroused among the people of London by the presence of their sovereign." Any attempt at com puting the numbers who participated in what assumed the character of an immense open-air demonstration must be largely conjecture; but the unanimity, cordiality, and enthusiasm exhibited by such multitudes of the laboring classes is a fact of the deepest significance as illus trating the hold her Majesty has on the hearts of her people. It is only necessary to refer to a few of the more prominent features of the celebration that took place last week to show that this was no mere fitful or evanescent token. The two occasions were essentially different. The one was in connection with an institution designed for the benefit of workmen and their families, and the other a State ceremonial, The People- Palace owes its Inception and execution very largely to Mr. Walter Beaant, ia a novelty, and will but seldom be visited by royalty. The jubilee cele bration was in a minster hoary with antiquity, aronnd which cluster hosts of memories connected with some, of the most important events in British history, but the -isles of which were never trodden by each an august assembly as that of last Tuesday. Though it was a court ceremonial we are told that the immense concourse that assembled to witness it was most enthusiastic., and the scene was one of magnificent brilliance. For Bplendor and enthusiasm it is said such a sight was never witnessed before in London, niatninations of the most gorgeous character were displayed not only throughout the metropolis, bat in every part of the kingdom, and the en thusiasm was universal. Despite all ap prehensions to the contrary, and the strong temptations that must necessarily have occurred to the disaffected, the pro ceedings were not marred by any dis cordant element. The picture thus sketched by the terse yet graphic lan guage which the use of the telegraphic wires distinctly encourages is of the most vivid character. It shows such a spon taneous, universal, and fervent display of loyalty throughout the Empire as testifies to the deeply rooted attachment that pre vails. Ours is no local or provincial feeling, bnt one that is as widespread as it is powerful. It does not depend on a temporary and partial current, but oa strong and abiding principles. Accordingly there is no reason to fear that there will bs any enfeeblement of loyalty though its outward display "may be less apparent. Elsewhere, as well aa here, it will con tinue to operate, and only require a fitting -ccasi-- at any time to call it forth in on abated cc. Lord Bkassey has supplied to the Mel bourne newspapers some instructive but hardly reassuring comments npon the naval defences of the colonies. The ad dition to the Australian fleet, which was the subject of agreement at the Imperial Conference, is after all, as Admiral Tryon ? said when he first proposed it, only an addition, and does not remove the necessity of improving the squadron at present kept on the Australian station. Tbat a great deal too much money is being spent for the results attained has long been evident. Lord Brassey gives some very discouraging accounts of the condi tion of the vessels upon which the colonies have hitherto relied. With the exception of the flagship Nelson, which is a cruiser whose speed puts it in the second-class, the squadron consists of vessels which Lord Brassey condemns un reservedly. The corvettes Diamond and Opal are deficient in pursuing speed aud attacking power; the Rapid is a sloop of modern construction, but disqualified by slowness to protect commerce; and the gunboats Swinger and Raven are in construction and armament long behind the time. We have, therefore, been dwelling all these yearn in an atmos phere of false security. The Nelson, which waa sent out ia response to pressure upon the Home Government, haa done little to rescue the colonies from a con dition of utter defenoelessness. With the Nelson no fault is found by Lord Brassey, except in respect to its slowness, which is, however, a very serious defect, for thick nesa of armor and range of guns can hardly be said to compensate for deficiency in speed. The Nelson has a -teaming power of 14 knots an hour, but Lord Braasey recalls the fact that foreign cruisers have visited these aeas which p__M?_ ? speed of 17 knots, and this Is now insisted npon et the minimum by naval powers. The movements of Russia in the North Pacific are a standing menace to these colonies, and though a British fleet might happen in an emer gency to be ao fortunately situated as to intercept au attack npon the Chinese and Australian squadrons, it is clear that Russia calmlatf-a npon tiie alternative. Newspapers received by the last -t-gljsfi mail draw attention to the strengthening of tbe Russian fleet at .-adivostock, where the harbor is almost impregna-Iy fortified, and the latest cable intelligence reports that it is proposed to connect this strategic position by telegraph with St, Petersburg. As regards the s-rangements concluded at the Imperial Conference it ia to be observed as a matter of some moment that Lord Brassey speaks unfavorably of the proposal to constitute the supple mentary fleet of vessels of one type. The Admiralty were very properly left un reservedly to decide as to the character of the vessels to be sent out, and they may be credited with having elaborated their plan with much care. There is no doubt that vessels of the Archer type, which are swift and strongly armed, are fitted from their construction to follow the most rapid movements of hostile cruisers; but allowance, it appears, haa not sufficiently been made for the _iffi_-lt_ff. of steaming in the stormy seas which so frequently wash tbe Australian coast. For two of the five Archers Lord Brassey proposes that heavy-belted cruisers should be sub stituted, which would enable provision to be made for variable weather. Speed is one of the most essential qualities of a vessel placed where commerce has to be protected, aod the Archer type was chosen because it was presumed to answer this very impor tant requirement. There will be a natural expectation of seeing adequate results for the liberal outlay proposed, and as it is neither desirable nor necessary that we should follow the changing fashions in naval architecture all the greater cue should be observed In the choice of a craft to which we shall for a long period have to adhere. Nor can the superior value of the belted cruisers over the Archer type in respect to armament as well aa speed be overlooked. The Archer carry 6-inch breechloading guns, but the belted cruisers are supplied with guns of i an 8-inch calibre, which are really for- j midahie weapons. The gain from the adoption of Lord Brassey-proposal would be great in nil respects, but the substitu- ! tion of belted cruisers for the Archers would increase the estimated first cost of the fleet. It should be remarked, how ever, that of one kind and another more than 100 ships are now in course of con struction for the British navy, and two from this number would hardly be missed. Whatever may be the character of the additions to the Australian fleet the in effectiveness of the existing squadron admits of no question. To __-in^. n i- a number of vessels that are obsolete is no less absurd than to fortify King George's Sound with antiquated and useless ord nance. The amount spent upon the Dia- ] _____ and Opal and on the Raven and Swinger would be enough to provide four ironclads of a kind which oould well be spared from the British navy. Lord Brassey suggests that with these vessels, which need nb!t__ce___ily.-e of the latest type of constrnotion, bat must certainly ; be sound, a ttaVal reserve might be formed of sufficient strength to encounter as many . foreign ironclads of the second class. It ? is not of course probable that a hostile ; Power would operate with its best war- i chips against these colonies, but our re- \ moteness is by no means the defence it : was before the improvements in naval \ construction affordtd powerful cruisers ! a capacity for coal which enabled ' them to keep at sea for a pro longed period. The marked develop ment in the manufacture of armor is a heavy handicap upon the present wooden vessels of the Australian fleet. What advantage has really been gained by sheathing vessels in plates of iron has not yet been determined; for the Civil War in America, though it ended quickly enough for humanity, closed too soon for science. The fate of the Congress under the terrible shell fire of the Merrimac alarmed all the naval Powers of Europe, for it seemed to threaten failure in the pro mising experiment which consisted in the substitution of iron for wood. Whether shells will really be kept out by steel faced armor is a question which will have to be decided when the Powers exhibit at the expense of one another their deadliest appliances. Against shell-guns wood, of course, affords no protection, and it is proper tbat the vessels for our fleet should be built in accordance with tiie principles which now govern the con struction of continental warships. Lord Brassey assigns our Opals and Diamonds and the rest to their proper place when he insists that they should be employed for "police purposes" only. They may frighten hostile savages, but are abso lutely useless against a civilised foe. A subscription ball was held in the GHenelg Town Hall on Tuesday eve—ing, at which his Excellency the Governor the Mayor of Ade laide (Mr. E. TL Smith, M.P.) and Mrs. Smith, the Mayor of Glenelg (Mr, W. F. Stock, M.P.)and Mrs. Stock, Admiral and Mrs. Fairfax, and about 250 other ladies and gentlemen, including a luge number of officers from ELMS. Nelson and Opal were present, The room was elegantly decorated —iUi bunt ing and festoons of flowers, and the scene of gorgeous dresses aad showy uniforms was very brilliant. Dancing was kept np till about 1 o'clock on Wednesday morniiig, the srhole pro ceedings being carried ont successfully and thoroughly enjoyed. The Nelson was illu minated to do honor to the ocsasion, aud played a strong electric light on the hall, and up and down the Bay during the evening. Mr. E. W. Hawker, M P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. A_C_tt) on Tuesday morning aad requested that travellers availing themselves of excursion fares to the Exhibition might be allowed to break thtir journey. The Commr-doner said he ca old not agree to allow all persons to break their journey, but in cases where people were not travelling oa business they srould be allowed to do ao on application to the traffic manager. 13m influx of persona at Part Ad„layt_ fay sea during the week tbat ended Saturday, June 25, exceeded the exodus by 43. Tbe departures numbered 191, of whom 172 em barked for Melbourne, 11 for Sydney, and 8 for Guam. Of the 234 arrivals ICB came from Melbourne, 41 from Albany, 24 from Liad.n, and one from Guam. Mr. Stuart, ioremsa of the smiths and boilenaakers at tiie Adda-do loco, -hope, whoae resignation was announced in oar columns a day or two since, has called upon ns with refe rence to the matter. The paragraph reporting bis resignation atated that ao reason waa assigned for his taking that step. Mr. Stuart i aya that thia js not ao, but that he distinctly stated in his notice of resignation that be had taken the Itep in consequence of the arbitrary behavior at Mr. Thow towards him ; and tie further states that he leaves his ______ with great regret. Our information was obtained trom the Locomotive Engineer's Department. Tbe departure on Saturday of a contingent of the Salvation Army to Colombo by the German mail steamship Salier was made the .cession of. a notable demonstration (writes Ibe Melbourne Argus). The railway pier. Port Melbourne, where the Bteamer was berthed. was crowded with __embe_s of the army, and the detachment p-ooe-ding to India was aooom panied to the vessel by a powerful brass band in the army uniform. The band for fully aa boor prior to the Salier leaving continued to play selections, which commenaed themselves to the great body of tbe crowd, and the intervals were filled in with much hearty sing ing of hymns, in which the inatrumentsfmunc was narked by much force and tiie vocal music by considerable terror and feeling. Toe Hindoos, in their white aad scarlet costumes, looked picturesque enough, but the native garb on their pade-faoed comrades was provo cative cf mirth to a portion of the lookers-on. Ai the Salier movtd slowly asray from the pier there was quite a f___e of ejaculations and cheering exhortations to the departing detachment. Tbe army banner, with its s_lf known color and device of "blood and fire,*' was kept waving on the Salier until she passed tbe pier. A correspondent writing on June 28, says :— "As I was walking this evening in Norwood at about a quarter to 9 o'clock, my attention was attracted by a white light, which suddenly ap- peared in the south about 20 degrees above the horizon, and moving at a moderate rate towards the west. It looked as if some local illumination was reflected on the clouds. There was a considerable mass of light, and when it disappeared a long pear- shaped light moved in the same plane, the light itself being in a vertical posi- tion. Presently a similar illumination was seen in the western sky, apparently much more distant, and in shape and size like the immense comet visible here three or four years ago. It was lying parallel to the horizon, and moved through a considerable space towards the north, and then returned towards the south. It was like a comet seen through the clouds. A few minutes later a third light showed itself, at first stationary, behind a cloud in the south- west, and after about a minute it moved to- wards the north and back again southwards. I wondered if these phenomena had any con- nection with the electric light on the Exhi- bition building, but the great distance at which they were visible, and their general appearance hardly favored this hypothesis. During the remainder of my walk to the city nothing more was seen of this curious light. Perhaps some of your scientific readers can account for it" The bootmaker, James Charles, who on Monday had to answer a charge of house breaking, again appeared before the City Police Court on Tuesday chaised with having on June 20 burglarioudy entered the house of John Austin, and dealing therefrom a piece of bacon, a ham, a auk handker chief, a linen bag, and money to the value of 7a The complainant and his wife left their house in Sturt - street at ab.ut 1 o'clock on Accession Day, and on re turning thither about three hours afterwards found the back door, which in oommon with all tbe other doors and windows of the house had been locked before their departure, ua? i locked, and a number of articles —?inning from the dwelling. It was found that a desk in the sitting- room had been burst open, and : that tbe till in the shop at the front of the house had been similarly treated. AU the 1 goods *poci6-d in the information were stolen. The landlady of the Star and Garter __>__, which ia oppotit. to th*. c unplaioant's -bop, stated that the defendant came into and went out of ber bar several tim_ between the ho_? of 11 Am. and 2 p.m ou June 20. Other evidence sras also C-Ued to show that de fendant was in the neighborhood of : Austin's shop shoitly after n<_>n oa : the day in question. Detective Hampton ' on searching the defendant's hou.e found there - in nine skeleton keys under a sofa msttresa, also a silk handkerchief and a ham. The de tective further ascertained that.one of these keys opened a _oor of tbe informant- house. On the application of Inspector S alii van the i hearing of the case waa adjourned until to-day. The following report to the .Conservator of Forests from Mr. J. MoMinu, the Government forester at Wiilowie, is in reply to a letter pub- { lished in our oolumns some weeks ago with reference to the treatment reoeived by men sent up to the forest by the Government The report is dated Jane 15:—" With referenoe to < the mx men who were sent from Adelaide last j Monday week. I have to report that only two j ot them (Methis and Sangster) now remain, tbe other four having cleared ont without doing any work, and from all I can hear they koew nothing of the work; and I think it very pro bable that they only wanted a cheap ride up country and an outfit of provivians, ftc. These were the men who wrote tiie letter to the Advertiser, and about wham I took so muoh trouble. The four men who olearedout obtained a supply of stoics and other _____bs from Messrs. TnckweU & Taylor, which firm have been very good all through this work in supplying all men with food,—_. AS Messrs. Took well and Taylor have lost a considerable amount of money through sawyers going away in their . debt, aod as they supplied these men in tho good faith of their being sawyers and honestly going to work, I think that this money ought to be paid to them in some way, and I rnnloey s_- _outo__, thinking you may _____ some actio* i in the matter. Moat of the men who arri-td : in the .second detachment'have also left with-' ' out O-injg any work.- Two more man arrived : last Thursday, and two came today." Ths : conservator has replied __?H-hig to settle tha accounts of the absconders, as the storekeepers ' must supply the goods at their own risk. A meeting of tiie Meteorological Society was held at the Public Library on Tuesday even ing, Mr. H. O. Mais (president) being in the chair. Several statements of weather observa tions made by di_erejit members at Mount Lofty, ____aphore, Quorn, Naaacoorte, and other places were received, Mr, Clement L. Wragge (Government astronomer of Queens land), who was present, submitted a series of weather maps for Australasia from February 10 to the end of April, and in doing co ex plained what was being done in the establish ment of meteorological stations in the norther colony. He_l_o_____thatM_.McD. Pateraoo (the P-__m_-_.-_r.-__ of Queensland) toik a great interest in tbe meteorological depart ment, giving it his wannest support. Mr. Wragge presented the society with speci mens of his weekly weather records called ? Tbe climate of Brisbane;" also observations from 1875 to 1885 taken by __*. J. D. W_ Yanghan, a member of the Royal M-teoro logical Society, now in Fiji. Mr. Wtasm deeply regretted to say that he was oommUed to break up the observatory which he had established at Walkerville, as his family were now removing permanently to Brisbane. A motion placing on record the deep sense of the loss the society bad suffered by the death of Mr. John Vaney, of Knpunda, was carried. Mr. Wragge brought under the notioe of the society the exceedingly interesting fact that in Brisbane a rising barometer *—??—? "rain," and he also mentioned that tiie climate of south-western Queensland was similar to the rilimntfi in Adelaide. {Several alterations ia the rules were made, and tiie meeting closed. " Tbe protectionists are up and doing, and tbecbarge of allowing the grass to grow under their? feet cannot certainly be sustained against them," says a Wellington newspaper corres pondent writing on June 16. *_ fact, the very night after Parliament-waape-tognad a monster meeting was held in Wellington, and there Mr. -Salience, the Minister for Lands and Native Affa.it-. imfnAmA the banner of protection, and all the speakers who followed him spoke most enthuaUstioa—y and hopefully of the canse. Mr. BaUano?went ao far as to declare that whether or not the ___fa-___tut__B bad to be insmaapLS oeJEOnew cent, lwasl indiisUies must f-eeno-uaged, and —_d________awMc____-ed%—ee_o. Tbe, Otago j-otec——sis, whose league _m__rs upwards of 1,000 members, are also hard at work, and they intend recommending no other candidates to the electors than those whose advocacy of protection ia _nm___a_s. In deed, tt may be safely assumed that almost the whole ot the city nests throughout the colony will be wop 1— p-_te___>___steai________; and' _ if the various leagues continue their-present activity many of the country eonstitaenaes will be induced to reject their old free-trade rer_r.-___.ves. That a new order of things will be brought about by the tenth Parliament I ia becoming mote apparent every day, and i measures, not men,—nil be the watchword of [ the people at Ihe approaching elections more than it has ever been before. The elect __ are really sick and tired of tiie old monopolists of office, and whatever Ministry is formed after | Parliament meets it will contain a considerable infusion of new blood. A change in the fiscal. policy of the country srin be _______ on, and it ia not improbable that a land and income tax npon a graduated scale -will be one ot the financial reforms adopted. Retrenchment in the public service will be rigidly ______ on, and further borrowing 'mil cease' for a j time." - . . Two well-known characters, named John Joseph Armstrong. 69 years of age. who de scribed trimw?lf as a hawks, and Ellen -an nuo, aged 40 years, srere arrested on Sunday (eaya the Melbourne Age of Monday) on | a charge of . canriag the dean of ; Thomas Elms, aged 65, a hatmaker. j It appears that on the ISth instant Elms called at a house in Menzies a-lty, off Mclntyre-lane, which was occu pied try the prisonera for the_n—-p_se ? of enquiring after a man named Vr-Oiains, ; to whocnfae wished to give a bundle of clothes I which were in his possession. The deceased J stepped i__adle t__) door, when he was struckon i the bead fey the male prisoner srith an iron 1 -Mi-epao, and he v_.i-ii.b-I beUbsring-hia. ! imtil the aaaoepan broke in pisees .after srhkh ! he sras thrown into tbe right-of- way. ____ remained in ar partially ~na<____ou_ condition until found by the pol-. when he was taken ' to the Melbourne-Hospital, where Ms wounds j wire dressed lip Dr. R????, The doctor, however, not thinking __ case very eerun. allowed tbe deceased to depart especially as , be said that he had i ela-ir o_m_-t-buunte arho' would look after him. The -eoeaeed then , went to his brother's house, an hotel inSpiing ! street, and remained then until Thursday j last, when, finding that be was getting very I much worse, it waa deemed _______ to 1 remove turn to the Alfred Hotel, whan he succumbed to his injuries on Sunday. The police were at once informed of what had occumd, and they arrested the prisoners at tbe bonce in Mennes-alley. Gatel—nglhem the charge on which tbey'were wanted ths woman said itwas the male prisoner who best the deoeseed, haying hit _tm several times with an iron pot, and in proof of her -Vst-mrsi-. 'neb dnoed the fragments of an iron pot, aflof which were extensively "?——>--_. with blood and hale She also a__o_iedged that they wished'to steal tbeb——_eof etotbes which the ________ bad with him, and that earned the nude prisoner to knock the man down. The funeral of Dr. Hugh Ferguson took place on Tuesday afternoon, and was one of the largest attended that has ever been wit- nessed at Glenelg. Amongst others who at- tended were the members of the Loyal Temple of Peace Lodge, of which he was a member. Dr. Dnnlop,the Rev. Thos. Field, Mr. Com- missioner Stuart, Mr. W. B Rounsevell, M.P., Councillor Wigley, Messrs. J. Nicholson, A. Tennant, H. Bickford, J. C. Sanders, T. Giles, and J. Scott. Mr. J. Edwin Thomas represented Dr. Mallam, the deceased gentle- man's partner, who had to leave for England on Monday, and consequently could not person- ally attend. The remains were interred in the Brighton Cemetery, the service at the grave being conducted by Canon French. Dr. Ferguson leaves a widow and six children, for whom the greatest sympathy is felt in their sad bereavement. Apart from the re- putation of the deceased gentleman in his pro- fessional capacity, he had won the regard of all with whom he came into contact by his un- varying geniality and common sense qualities. During his 11 years practice in Glenelg, although he never mixed himself up in politics or corporation matters apart from his duties as health-officer for the district, no man felt a keener interest in the welfare of the town. He was for some years president of the Glenelg Institute, and always took an active part in the Commemoration Day celebrations. Pre- vious to his coming to Glenelg he practised for a number of years at Strathalbyn, and was elected to the position of mayor. He also prac- tised at Mount Pleasant and Port Lincoln at different periods. We are informed by a friend of the deceased gentleman that the post-mortem examination held by Dr. Poulton shows that several of the digestive organs were out of order, and it is held that this being so an ordinary dose of chloral might have been the cause of death. The doctor, it is known, was in the habit of taking chloral to induce sleep. With reference to the bottle which had con- tained hydro-cyanic acid, which it was men- tioned at the enquiry on Sunday had been found near the body, we are asked to state that hydro-cyanic acid formed a part of the last prescription the doctor had dispensed, and that the empty bottle had been put in the usual place for refilling, where it was found. The Odessa co?espondeatef the DtOy MTtm writes:—"l ha_li_d during the last tew rlaea several eonvenations with It, Gt- toS, aB? - parian deputy, aad his daughter, Madame __tenogor^_be_ndowofOapt_in_—enogocb—^ who, with eight others, was shot at Boatc-.uk on 22nd February by order of the Regs*—— Madame Zelenngoroff is a young ladyo-aome _0 y.ar. and of very cn-i_id_ra_-? pw_msl attractions. All tbe leades- abet on 3___ Fehrua-y, she admitted, arere asuembled in her house 10 days previously; but she asserted that she knew nothing of the meditated revolt, Madame ____-__roff statty that she Bras not permit-fd by the Ree_B.tr order to visit her busband during **>- ?—— * ??j*-- I—*?—-TTrt - before the execution. She gained aotfea, bow ever, to Ins pri-on in disguise. She w plainn bitterly of the manner of the ex_x__t_-na, a__ if her Statement be correct they wece certainly carried out in a shoe-ing manner. She said —'My husband and the rest srere sentenced torn-th late cm the evening of the2lst,aod shot at 4 o'clock next morning. On that morning I waa prostrated by illno. and my husfaand had only tune to write a few rapidly pencilled words before he was led out to his grave. This is what happened. The nine vietiaaa were placed before their shallow, short graves, whioh woe not more than 4 feet in lsngth and 1) feet deep. My husband refused to have his eyes bandaged, and tore open the tunic of his uniform that it might not be riddled, saying that hie coat was guilty of no treason. Tha firing party numbered 90, and yet my husband was left i__r__.-*_ after the first volley. At the second and third discharge he was wounded and felL Then the officer in charge advanced to give him the ooap de oraoe, and emptied five chambers of his revolver before the "murder" of my husband was completed. Then the cro __ rusbed in, and tore the boots aad clothes from the still warm bodies, whioh arere piichoi into two small graves, and trodden down. My husband_ feet were hacked off ao that his poor mutilated corpse might be made to fit the grave. It sraa all very horrible. The dogs came in tbe night, and we had to set guar liana over tbe graves. Subsequently we erected ! ci Ousts and' headstones, bat they were ,| demoliabed try the brutal and vindictive agents j of the BegeptOf Now things .Are quieter we 1 have repu?eft. _he-'h_tdatanes.' .."Madame ___enogoroff had much to say about Prinos | Alexander. He was honorable, good nature, aud amiable; but Ids amiability, if it may ba co termed, said **—*"— ft .Zeu—orgoroff, was carried to ah extreme which affected and injured his position. In tiie latter days of his teign not only many ladies, but officers did not think of rising when the Prince entered or left a room. He was somewhat boyish an his amusements, and would divert himself with a j number of offioers in aU snw- of schoolboy frolics." Lord and Lady Brassey have divided £147, received from visitors to tbe Sunbeam on the. j cccssions on which tiie yacht was open to in- j KPtction, among the Victorian Seamen's Mission, the St. John's Ambulance Associa tion, the Wesleyan Qaeen'* College, the Con vent of the Good Shepherd, the Convalescent Heme, and tbe Women's Hospital. A meeting of the South Australian branch _f tte Boyal Geographical Society of Austra lasia will be held in the banqueting room of the Town Hall this evening, Sir Samuel Davenport presiding. Papers wfll be read by the Hon. J. L. Parsons, Government Resident in the Northern Territory, and Mr. David Lindsay. Speeches wiU be made by the Minister of Education and other gentlemen. Our deve correspondent under date Jane 19 tells the foUoaring yam:—" We have a dog atory here which has excited almost aa mv on curiosity as the Vaayarrie ghost story. A ____>pfarmer of this place caught a dog worry ing his sheep, and, after having bean requested by the owner to shoot the depredator be tied the animal to a tree, aad standing about 10 feet cfi fired, the charge striking tbe dog fairly between tiie eyes. To make a sure job of it, as he thought, he smashed the dog- head about with lumps of rook. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his master's place, where, as may be imagined, he was enrarnined very minutely, to make sure that he was not the ghost of the dog that was h-tled. Bat it was the actual dog; and the animal appears to be as weU as ever, although his skull is slightly out of shape, and he hears the marks where 25 grains of shot entered his forehead." The was a very large gathering of members of the Masonic order at tiie Freemasons' Hall, Flinders- street, on Tuesday evening, when _3ro_ H. Hampaon was installed as Worshipful Masterof St. Andrew. Lodge, No. 19. SAC. Over a hundred brethren were present, in cluding the masters of many of the city and suburban lodges, representatives of the Grand Lodge, aad visitors from the other colonies.' The ceremonies connected with the installation were impressively performed by the LP.M, Bro. T. Dawson, and tiie W.M. elect having taken the chair, and received the eoagratula tions of the brethren, installed his officers as follows:—S.W., Bra. Jas. Smith; J.W., Bro. C. L. F. Fomach-n; treasurer, Bro. F. Parker; secretary, Bro. C.delaP__-_lle:S.D., Bro. D. Nicholson; J.D., Bro. Jos. Barry; 1.G., Bro. J. C. Bailey: organist, Bro. J. Shakespeare; D.O. P.M, Bro. W. Sketheway; stewards, Bros. W. Edward-, H. J. Bailey, W. D. Froze, jun., and J. M. Radde; tyler, Bro. N. Kildanl. During tiie evening a presentation of a past-master's jewel was made to the L P.M, Bra. Dawson, whose excellent conduct of the lodge during the past year was referred to in terms of warm praise. At tiie close of the ceremonial an adjournment was made to the room below, where the brethren sat down to a banquet. " The Qaeen and the craft," "The worshipful master," "The wiHtalling master." -The sister Iglgas and viriton-," "The officers of St. A_u_Rsw_ lodge past and present," and the tyler . toast were all duly honored, and the proceedings were enlivened by a number of capital songs. A lecture on "Gladstone" was delivered in the Town Hall oa T-—day evening by the Re v. J. W. Piatt, RA. in co__eotioo with the South Australian Literary Societies' Union. The Bey. W. R Jfetofaer, M.A, presided over a fair attendance. Ia his opening remarks the lecturer pointed out that aome authorities trace back Gladstos—'s genealogy by the mother-side to James L; hot however that might be, he was aoonunoner who needed ao c-mnfetina with, royalty to make him gnat. His .father was a Liverpool merchant, and _ from him be received a business training, to which were added the rlaaairial __ne___ipa-ted later entry study at Oxford, aad the moral aad _—g—?? —-'t-iru-im wtiirh that oni-eraity was then so well able to raise. He began lite aa a Tory, winch was bis ancestral po-tical creed, and as each be entered Padia __—tat 23 years of age. There, however, be found the Liberal infloeaoes at work which had earned the Reform Bill, and these he ooold not —rithstand. He waa aooa taken into Peel's Ministry, first as Junior Lord of the Trea-mry, and later as vice-president of tiie B_ard of Trade. The leading points in Glad stone's political career were described in an interesting ntanm—, the ooodnr- of the Crimean war, and the characters of Palmerat-U and Disraeli coming in for a fair share of criti cism. Ihe a-__-_sn.fi lent to tiie Southern States by the hnilding aad equipment of the Alabama, t-benaadoah. aad other srar vessels was cond-maed, aad the justice of the Genevan -verdict against England was esse trod. At a financier Gladstone was acknowledged to be wit—out an equal among Botiah politicians, aad none had ever anceeeded in the art of making a dry budget so ________ing as he. About 186-1 when Palmer-ton had paaaed away. Gladatooe began te develop his strong Radical tondencies. It waa at tins time that the Irish church difficulty strongly attracted his attention, and it became dear to him that the questions affsct ing that country could not longer be barked by English ktateemen, but must be fairly faced. Between 1-3- aad 1881 all the troubles in Ireland increased tenfold, aad it was probable tbat at An* even Mr. Giadatoee- sagacity was not equal to seeing through the Irish .question, and of foretelling what its next develxrpmenta would be. It was maintained by some writers that tiie more Gladstone gave to the Irish in the way of political _dvsat-ge? the more they asked for, and wbeo Glad-tone mtrodaoed his Home Bale and Land Bills all the indignation and hatred in tbe bosoms of English politicisas rose in arms egaa-st the ____?___?—s refuamar. _Cc ad mitted that those changes which had marked Che Gfadstoniaa policy with regard te Ireland showed a srant of political foresight on the part of tbe liberal leader, but he did not admit that tbey in way depreciated bis .character for sagacious statesmanship. For the future it was either Sir. CHadstoae's pro pcEsls or coercion, aad the latter would never five rest to Ireland, bat rather instigate re volt. Aa long as tbe Irish were kept off the coil of Ireland they would never be rendered fjuiet by the bayonets of English soldiers. The lecturer concluded by asserting amid cheers, that Gladstone is still England's great statesman, and that Ireland will never form a contented past of the British empire until his reforms are carried out. Separation was not to be feared, and be believed the Irish them reives would not ask far it whea they' had received the right to govern their own coon ay and to till its sod. The lecturer, who was frequently applauded, was awarded a hearty vote of thaiiW Mr. Stead, of the Pall Mali Gazette, haa lately fait on a novel method of extracting pence from the million. He has told (says a London corres pondent of the Melbourne Argus) at full length, and with all partisulars of names, dates, and places, the sorrows of a certain Irish lady, Miss Mildred Long, otherwise Mrs. Edward Martin la_g__tthy, who, some years ago, was trapped into a sham marriage by a well-known yachtsman and haa since been most vilely used by her supposed husband, Ids family.and hia legal advisers. The story of the _-_agwo__y marriage runs in very much the same general lines as the great Longworth- Velverton marriage case of 30 years ago ; and it is a singular coincidence tbat the villain of -his piece is of tbe same _—ncas—tre family as the heroine in the Velverton ease, Lang ..art!— being merely tbe north-country variant of the name Longworth. Edward Martin Lasgworthy is the son and nephew, ?respectively, of two very rich old widows, whose heir he is to be. He is a stolid lump _of humanity, whom his mother, ambitious ?—'. f"* *? for bun, has not succeeded in .raising into any social position. ' Her first effort at —j?ing him consisted in ?arranging a marriage with a liady Alice JPerry, a aster of the Earl of Lunerick. .Lady Alice Perry bad divorced her first hus band, or been divorced from him ta camera —on grounds which were never publicly dis posed, but were known not to involve any .charge against ber reputation. Still, ehe waa j_ot a very eligible partner anyway, aad in a few years the marriage waa dissolved by the lady- death, tiie history of the union fa—? _ greatly to vindicate the reputation of the first husband. During his widowerbood ___ig- -rorthy fell in with Miss Long, the heroine of Mr. Stead's story, who was a successful teacher, and he talked about marriage, endeavoring, however, to effect her p-elimina— ruin. Here the narrative becomes rather hazy, as ths lady —tatea that she srant through a ceremony of marriage in a Catholic Church on the north —oast of France, at which no witnesses were I"*""*, and though die seems to have had -doubts as to the sufficiency of this ceremony, ahe shortly after consented, in- Mr. Stead's language, to "merge her existence" in his ,Mr. I__ngwortfay**-not Mr. Stead's), but under promise of a further aad better cere -non- at a later date. This ceremony con __-d in a religious service performed try .aa American Presbyterian —lin—fcp-- — _ -Antwerp. R was of a formal 3_ !_?-_ .d"-"*-*6-- mt invalid of stseu by __jgn-i Uvw, where marriage v a civil contract, which must be entered into before a mayor. I__gworthy almost imme diately took his wile to Buenos Ayres, where he has vast possessions. There he qaarrelled with ber, ill used her, repudiated the marriage, aad finaUy sent her borne in a filthy foreign Bteamer wfaea ness ber confinement. ' Mr. Stead did a bold thing in exposing this story ; but he soon found his reward. The "Lang worthy Marriage "caught on" as the ?_ \--nresaion ia; the circulation of the paper doubled, Meaning at first to devote two or three articles to it, he found that the appetite of the public came ia eating. He therefore carried on the atory througb every phase of the lengthened and tortuous litigation by which the unhappy woman has endeavored to bring her husband to justice. For 21 days the public had devoured tiie story. Now it is done, and Mr. Stead has called on his readers to subscribe, which tbey 6eem ready enough to do, over £400 being received the first day. The courts have awarded Mrs. Laugworthy large sums by way of alimony, which is still accruing. They are likely to award ber etfll more money in the shape of damages for breach of promise. They have, moreover, declared her husband a bankrupt for not paying to his wife what has been awarded to her, but his dogged north country nature prompt* him to dely all the courts in England and their decrees, living, aa he believes securely, en his South American estates. The object of the subscription is to enable the lady to go to South America aad sue him on the English judgments. Her case has been longer known out there than here, and the greatest reproba -tion is felt both by English and Spaniards to wards Langworthy. - It ia doubtful if he can escape from hia liabilities any longer. The heroine of the atory is tall, fair, and very graceful. Bhe must have been handsome, bat sorrow and miseiy have for the present at least played sad havoc with her beauty. At the meeting of the St. Peters Corpora ticn en Monday evening it sras decided to retain the eervicea of the assistant town clerk. The "Money Spinner," and "A Match for a Mother-in-law," drew a fair audience to the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening. The per foimaace ran most smoothly, most of the cha racters being applauded. St. Leon's Circus sras fairly weU patronised en Tuesday evening, when a miscellaneous programme of the usual kind was presented. The concluding equestrian spectacle was, pet-ape, the best part of the programme. The friends of Dr. Curtis, of Port Adelaide, who has been for some weeks dangerously ill with congestion of the lungs, wiU ac glad to hear that, under the care of Dr. Toll, heisaow progressing favorably, aad wfll probably be able in a week or co to resume practice. Mr. F. Chappie, RA, B.Sc, repeated bis interesting and instructive lecture "Tbe Evening Star" on Tueeiay evening, Mr. E. Ro we presiding. The lecturer dealt with the subject in a masterly manner as usual. Mm Watkhu aang at the interval. The Fi_k Jubilee Singers drew another large audience at the V.M.C.A. Hall on Tuesday evening. The entertainment passed off with the greatest success, aad the sangem good naturedly responded to' the imperative and numerous encores they received. Professor Anderson, at the Town Hall, drew a good bouse on Tuesday evening, when he ap peared in conjunction with Mrs. Anderson in the " Yamshirg Lady." The wonderful perfor mances of the prof es. or drew frequent applause, and the entertainment was very successful throughout. _he South Australian Canary and Pigeon Society intend holding their annual ahow in tbe Town H—Q on July 29 aad SO, entries clo-irg on July 2L The committee of the society state they bave every reason to believe that the f-rthcoming ahow will be one of the most a__e_a-ul yet held. An accident occurred to Mr. Carmichael, of Port Pirie, on Tuesday afternoon in Rumdle ttreet. He was crossing the road when he waa knocked doom aad severely shaken by a run away horse belonging to Messra. R H. Wigg and Sob. Mr. Carmichael was carried into a -hop doae by and attended to. The horse waa soon after caught. Kay in connection with the Adelaide Cheat Club tourney was continued on Tneaday even ing, when Messrs. EarLWataon, Langhton, Macdonald, Machin, and Hubble beat Messrs. Tilly, Ohead-, Richards, Mayes, Marshall, and Roberts respectively. During the week Mr. Watson won from Mr. Hubble. The .core to date bas follows:—Burden S, Ead 5, Hairiaon?, Langhton 6, Macdonald 6.. Machin s, Bobetts 2. Cheadle 9, Watson 9h, Hubble 2, Marshall 5, Mayes 2, Richards 3, and Tflly 2. A course of jnh—ee lectures "illustrative of the B-irririg times when the battle of religious liberty and equality was fought ia Eogl— —1 aad also ia this colony," is to be delivered in Adelaide dming the present season. The firs: will be given by the Bey. J. C. Kirby in Btow Church oa July 6, and its title is to be "Queen Elizabeth." The next wiU be delivered by Mr. A. Stow, who will deal with " The pil glim fathers," ia the North Adelaide Coegre Rational Church on July 13. The Rev. W. R Fletcher, M.A., will lecture on "John Mfltae'' in the aame place oa July 20; the Rev. O. Maathorpe oa "The ejeotmeat ot 16-8," inStowChnrch on July 27; and in th aame church on August 4 tiie Rev. F. W Cox srill take for his subject "The straggl for religions liberty in Sooth Australia." Several of the lectures wfll be repeated at Glenelg. A-testing of the Federated Stewards' and Coo la* Union was held at the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home on Monday evening. Mr. G. Cooper presided over a good attendance. A letter waa re_eiv_d from the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association asking tbe union to co operate in celebrating tbe anniversary. Aa the union had already decided to send a delegate to the Eight Hours Celebration com mittee it waa resolved not to take further action. Several members complained of chief stewards bringing members from Mel bonrce while there srere plenty of men to be bad in Port Adrlaidn. The secretary was in structed to --rite to the stewards oo—iplairwad of. A motion asking the co-operation of various unions to bring about protection to local ship owners was carried. Menrs. Ca__e_ A Co.'a Bed Library grows in populaiity as tha volumes increase in n__iber. This is not surprising. The (election is admirable, and the books are printed in clear type on good paper. The latest additions are "Uncle Tom's Cabin,** "The Prince of the House of David," aad the Dramatic Works of Bugfaard Brintiey Sheridan. The National Library ietucd by the same publishers is a marvel of cheapness ai well as ofexc-lence. A copyright work has just been included, viz., "The Angel in the House." Tbe author, as everybody ought to know, is Coventry Pa-more. Previously the work could only be obtained in an expensive form, and when it became available to the public for threepence it ia no wonder thataseoond edition ?va-at once called for. Of " The Angel in the House" Carlyle wrote;—"C-rtainly it ia a beautiful little piece, tne execution and con ception full of delicacy, truth, and graceful -impUt-iy; high, ingenious, fine, pore, and wholesome as these breezes now blowing around me from the eternal sea." Any one familiar with the contents of the Katidnal Library cannot fail to be weU informed. It is a eeriea of books creditable alike to the editor and-to publishers, A met—ng ot the Orove Hill Mining 00. will be luld at Oornmerrial Chambers, Gilbert place, thia mlttntoon. We hare to acknowledge neeipt of £1 4a. aa a contribution to the Pope fund from the Unley Park Band of Hope. 