V Table U\\. t (Into ago, Sir Wllllnm CJlnrkc, Provincial and t Gmnd Mastor of tho Engliah, Sootoh and [CoMlltntlons oE Froo and Aoooptod Maaona pro« U splendid portrait—painted by Fllntoll', at a jiEMO-oE LI,11,11, tho Prlnoo oJ! Wales, Grand |rof tho English Constitution to tho orthodox i In Molbourno, which hi now hung in tho |pl lodge room at tho Masonic Hall, It la now l,M3omo roturn for Sir Wllllam'a gonoroalty, lainltnblo colubrutlon oE tho Jublloo yoar, to ilhellno portrait of himself, palntod by Mr. |iT,which la hanging In tho banquottlng hall. |iImo( tho portrait Is £1150, and roprosonta tho PiWGmnd Master In full rogallu. juiiand Jublluo Mimical Kuiitlvnl haa turned out, lunlnlil It would nil along, a moat unmitigated Wlmhlns; Kouoml nurnmblo tor fipoll. I llnd now loinloicjtliufttiicl tUu latin whloh tha Government Iwdomnko good, uud It will probably bo found TOO will do no mora than oovor fclio dollolt, In Iwm ot u \mblUhud (Inatvolnl atatomont It la lUoftttlvont thu particulars of thla dlagraooful TlUmvo bouu nblu to worm out ono or two Itouui IwlUsotvo aa n munplo of the rookluim manngu Plllw wliolo all'ulr, [ Had, for liiHtanoo, that TO only tfuoo iiinvhi woro bookod, 10,000 pro Ptot tlio moat olaborato kind, woro ordorod, at ■Mil, Oiwh, Thin hum alonu dhipoaoH of ill lUo, ■MMqIi might |«| wup biivo boon thrown Into Tlft fhonAlft Ifai, wan paid for a alnglo ad NitIn whloh Mr, Alexander MoKlnloy I wo boon vury glad to lnaort for a prlvato ■"mill' tor a third 0j> t,u0 moivoy. Wosh to lmvo iv hill lliuvnolivl Htatotnunb ot thin ^nlwllo imbllHluiil lor nunoml lntovnnvtlon, unit i tomolloliu'Um that thin will budono.' uuiafc hivvu known that bho pvolI to no* l^ltitly Looh'u Quuuu'it U'utid would bo vopvo* f Mlw ftimibruluul nl|(iv ot wlmm, and I hnvo ! JwlUHtvylnKUiivtby induoliiK l'"oplu to pay l' and hivlf- oiwnn to pvomoto thin ox* limy wuvo guilty ot wilful mlmopvo *' ^l*l«»tiv« wull that oovtnln amavt poviionn jwjtnd that tlvu tvauda ot tho Koiulutfton 1 twproduouCl Iu Mulbovmvut Mr, Pirn, Hobinson', who hna oomo out to Austra lia on a laoburing tour, la ono of tho most vorsatllo journalists attached to tho London Prosa, As war oorroBpondont of tho Daily Tulegrayh hp aoaompUshod fonts of bravery whloh rank with tho boat aohlovo monta of Mr. Arohtbald Porboa, and aa a doaoriptlve wrltor ho la Inflnltoly that gontloman'a auporlor. Ho rooontly odltod tho Oourb and Sooloty Journal, and la a prolific contributor to tho magazines, Mr, Boblnaon la a lluont apoakor, aa ho showod at Mr, Daakln'a banquot tho othor evening, and hla looturos aro llkoly to bo raoro suooocaful than woro thoao of Mr, Snla, The faot of hla being piloted by Mr, Smytho Is In Itself n guarantao of suoooss, Tiua foaturo o£ the Maaandon banquob to tho Hon. Alfred Doukln waa tho apoooh of Mr. Phil. ttobinaon in roaponsa to tho toast of tho Proas. It wna almost lm« possible, howovor, to avoid tho oonaluslon that tho War Oorruapondunt of tho Dully fl'vloyraj/h was dialling tho G'hluf Huorotary, albolt hi a porfootly lnoffonalvo and good-humourod way, Ho ooulcl aoarooly lmvo boon aorioua wlion ho otiaraatorisud Mr. Doukln as tlio "colonial Chatham," and atatod that " ho had ruvoraod tho logond of Pandora's box, booauao ho had rooolvod It with all thu good things it had originally oontainod." Ilia advluo that tho budding liativo Australian statesman " should always oharaotorlao his l'oplloii with surloua aaroaam" waa thoroughly sound, and will no doubt ho aotod upon, If Mr, It. >S, Hmytho had boun prosont, ho would probably havo In for mod Mr. Iloblnson that ho altould koop his war romlnlsctonsos for his looturos. I may add that Mr, Uoblnaon, who originally pub up at Hoot's, has shifted his quarters to tho Molhourno Olub, i 1 AM informed tlml; thu Itov, Ohnrloa Oiurlc, who hi about) to ro«vhiit Aiwtralln cut a lootui'lii« tour, Imii boou oU'urud thu puiitorntu uJ! a llapthit ohtii'olt Iti tlio olfcy—fiu my Informant iilututi—but ho hail not yofc duuidud whether ho will uuoopt It or not, Mr. Otarlcu hail dovolopud h rotundity of lifturo during hhi nliiiuuou from Melbourne, anil hlu hair hau turnoil prey | but thu aooontn of lilu voloo aro an mullllluoiiii an uvor, anil lui hau kmt nono of hlu old ohnrm of oxpruimlon, Ho Uiuturur hau uvor umirpud Air, (Jlnrlco'n (ilauo in thu oiitlinatlon of thu vaiit majority of Aiuitrallann, * t » JuniHNU from thu followlup pnmpraph in thu Hydnoy Mwitini/ Much, J iihoulil iiuuplno that ltd Mai bom-no oorrospondont must bo s wnltor i—" Thoro is always a fly In somebody's ointment, and lb happonod on this oooaslon that tho Mayoress (Mrs. Cain), was seriously oftendod by an unluoky series of aaai« dents. When the first sot was formed, including tho Governor, Lady Looh, and some notabilities, Mrs. Oaln was told off to danao in it with Colonel Disney, Hor partner, through somo mishap, was not able to mako his wny through tho orusb in timo, and ho and Mrs, Oaln were shut out of tho dnnoo, though tho Mayor and the partnor apportioned him took part In it, This was aggravating enough, but later in tho evening whon suppor-tlma oamo, another and worse oontrotomps happonod, It was only posslblo to have a oortaln number of people in tho suppor-room at a timo, nnd dlroatlons wore given that whon tho room was full a ropo was to bo drawn aoross tho entrnnuo, oxoludlng tor a while all others Hooking admission, It unluckily happonod that, whon tho oxaludlng ropo was drawn aoroas, tho llrab pontons It oamo aoross woro tho Mayor and his wlfo. " Tito aooond tlmo I havo boon Inaultod to-night I " oxolalmod tho Mayoross who drow hor huabnnd away, hor oyoa hashing llro. Whon Oaptaln Traill, tho Governor's alda-do damp, hoard of tho oaourronoo, ho soarohod far and noar for tho oft'endod guoats, and, having found thorn, aaaurod thorn that If thoy would only aoaompany him ho would uoouro thorn good seats at tho bond of tho tablo, Aftor groat dlllloutby ho purauadod tho Mayor and Mayoress to untor tho supper room, bub nolthor would oat nor drink anything. Nuws of this having oomo to tho Clovornor, ho soitt apologias to tho Mayoress and walked hor about for it long tlmo, but report says that shu went to bud with a thorn In hor pillow." I do not bollovo thoro is a word of truth In tho whole story, and only tpioto lb to show how news Is mauufaoturud, I i(A.vio rcoolvod thu following lottor, wldoh dooa not) I'unuli'o any oouunont i—" 81) Oolllmi-ntvout, Molboumo, July fl, 1887. Hunt'HIi'—I* ii i>iu'u|(mplt In tho limuo ol! TAnr.ifl TAt.ic, datod July 1, you havo, unlntontlon ally, I fool hum), buou nullfcy ol a m'oati lujuuttoo to tho iMIiluii Company, llnllnmt, anil, knowing Mint you ilo not oat'u to bo mndo tho mouthplooo oi! Inaooui'ato utatonumtii, I luuiton to toll you that you havo boon ptu'oly mlnlulonnod, To bo^ln with—Tho Mldim Com pany, though nltuatoil In .llnllnmt, uouhIhIm ol' T.ondou, Melbourne, and Hydnoy nhnvoholdorn only, and, lu ontovtalnlnit Lord and Lady llraimoy at tho olaliu, tho company had no other doMro than that ol! ohowlng tho distinguished visitors tlic mining resources of the great colony, as shown in Midas. That Lord Brassey was expected by them to give donations to any charity is simply absurd. Statement No. 2—That the Midas Company gave Lady Brassey a nugget, value £20 is also untrue. However desirous tho directors were to right royally entertain the distinguished visitors, the board does not consist of men who squander other people's money, and thorefore, the whole tenor of tho paragraph is a pitiful blunder of someone totally ignorant of facts. Moreover, the Midas Company would not be guilty of suoh rank discourtesy as to ontortain Lord and Lady Brassey one day, only to rudely comment on them on the next. Trusting you will malco tho amende honorable, nnd kindly oontra diot the statement which is a gross injustioe both to our visitors and to Midas,—I am, yours, &o.;, JAMES Bubnett." Tiie proposal to found a Collogo for Women in affilia tion with the Sydnoy University is being warmly takon up in the neighbouring colony, and a most influential committeo has beon formed to bring tho suggestion to a praotical issue. Hero is n splondld ohanoe for ad vancing the causo of Australian Federation, as n stop townrds tho closer union of tho whole Empire. Why should not a Federal Institution—the Quoon Victoria College for Women would bo a good name—be erected in Albury, under tho joint patronago of tho women of New South Wales and Victoria? Thoro would be no difficulty in raising, say £50,000, by prlvnto subscrip tion to build suoh a oollege, and its pormanent endow ment might woll bo undertaken by tho two Otovorn monts. It would bo impossible to imngine a more appropriate momorlal of tho Jubileo Year, nnd thoro are roally no insuporablo difficulties in,tho way of its accomplishment. Sir Henry Paiuces, llko tho Egyptian Pharonhs and other groat mon since, propoaoa to build a mau soleum for tho ropoao of his Illustrious roraalns, It Is true that tho votoran statoaman does not call it a mau soleum, but it la evident that In proposing tho creation of tho Oontonnlal Stato IIouso, ho has kopt that objoot well In view. Tho proposal for oolobratlng tho hun dredth anniversary of Australian sottlomont Is qulto In kooplng with tho pluohbeek patriotism of tho Now South Wales Prom lor. Tho .Lnchtan Swamp at Botany is to bo turned Into a park, superior to any publto reserve in Australia, and upon It la to bo orootod an odttlao very much rosombllug a glgantlo brldo's-oako. Tho park will oost 1150,000 and tho brldo's-oako )G 150,000, tho gross amount being provided for by tho sale of building allotments to wealthy and patriotic oltliiens. Tho alto will bo somewhat damp, but any sanitary disadvantages of this kind will bo more than oomponsatud for by tho beatitude of overlooking the national monument to tho great alntoau.ou of Now South Wales. T.mi) Oontoiinlul Palace la to contain a Groat Hall naiuucl after Governor Phillip, where national oolubra tlona may bo hold, auoli, for Inatanoo, aa a public thanlcti glvlng to tho aoldlora who liavo Huoooafully defended tho colony In Homo aaugulnnry battle, Then Micro la to bo a aulto of rooma for Mm reception of the Btato archived, Including, Iauppoao, the genealogical trecaof dlntlngulnhod oltlzona who can trace their doaount baolc to the original ploneera In one unbroken record, " Murmuru of the Htreain," and old (Hon of the Mnjilro newitpaper would naturally llnd an honoured place In thla collection j and the dlahonoured bllla and ohoquoii of tho fouiuter would alao be held In vonoratlon by a gratified poaterlty, iV muaouni, to be known aa the 11 Macquarle Inatltutu," will form part of tho building, and there wilt be dopoaltod thoankloohalnnund tho handcull'a of the early colonlalr, together with cata»o-nlue-talln,'aud othor lntoroatlng mu« mcntoeaof the original aotMumontof New Houth VValca, Then there will bo a gallery for the portralta of tho Governora and other poraona honourably conneeted with the hlatory of thu colony, In which an accurate repreauututlou of thu Ivluma ghoat will doubtluaa find a prominent place, Luatly, there wiii bo a public mausoleum for tlioso who huvo been honoured by a public funeral. Sir Henry Parkes thinks that no land has " gronter heroes nor more illustrious characters," than New South Wales shall have in tho futuro, so that the mausoleum is not like to lack suitnblo tenants. Mr. Dlbbs has rather rudoly characterised tho whole scheme as tho product of "a good wholesome 14 days drunk," nnd tho raillery bostowed upon tho project by the Sydney Press augurs ill for Its ultimate success. Upon the wholo I am Inclined to think that Sir Henry Parkes wishes to erect far too expensive a monument to his memory. * * Mb. John MoGoicl, Suporintondont of New South Wales nurseries, has touohod tho Adolaido people on a tender spot by asserting that their Botanical Gardens are vory muoh overrated. Tho indictment is both circumstantial and comprehensive. " Tho walks aro too narrow, the lawns too small, tho beds too close together and too small, the trocs nnd shrubs too crowded, and small shrubs plnnted behind tall ones( and tall troos in front." Everything connected with the gardens is poor nnd menn, in Mr. MeOolg's opinion) and ho sums up his swooping iudlctmont with tho following crusher :—" I am convinced that if you collected all the plants in your vaunted Gardens now or any day in the year tho few flower borders around Oaptnln Oook's statue in Hydo Park, Sydney, could produce more variety, beauty nnd quantity of bloom.'' Of course, Mr, MoOoig's strioturos on tho Adelaide Botanical Gardens havo elicited any number of indig nant rojoindors, among others from Mr. John Clash Neild,tho elcquont nnd distinguished Now South Wales Exooutlva Commissioner, who "expresses ldsregrat that Buoh ft oommuniontlon should luivo boon nddrossud to the Register by any ono In nny way (no matter how humblo) oonnootod with Now South Wales." Tho fnofc is tbftt Mr. MoOoig hns pormlttod his Intercolonial joftlousy to wtvrp his praotlonl judgment. As llotanl oftl Olnrdons, puro nnd simple, tho Adolnldo grounds nro inllnitoly suporlor to thoso whloh surround Garden Oova j ftud if tho Sydney slto Is unquestionably more plcturosquo, tlmt Is duo to nnturo nnd not to tho art of Mr. MoOoig or anybody ulso, fT sooms ft pity that tho Thonoman family oould not liavo washed tliolr dirty llnon at homo, ovon at tho cost of paying tliolr mother's debts—whloh amount In tho aggrogato to not moro than £1200. Tho ostato Is worth nearly £10,000, and moat people would have spent a vury largo slloo out of tho total to conceal tho knowlodgo .that tliolr mother was not tholr father's wife, Mary 'Louise Noble, nee l.'lpor, although she had lived with Mr, Thonoman for many years, and was tho mother ol! his ohlldron, has no title to tho name by whloh she has been known In Melbourne society. To make matters worse, a largu proportion of the sol di sunt Mrs, 'I'honoinnn's debts are duu to tradespeople, Shu owes £1150 for moat, £252 for groeurles, and £ 100 for oab faros, ami most of tho balance Is duo to draper,'. .1 do not wonder that tho creditors arc moving heaven nnd earth to put hur In the witness-box of tho Insol vency Uourt, IT huuiuh pumtluK hU'uuku that tbo two warranto wliloli luivo Ikioii Inmiod for Mrn, Noblo'it ummt bavo nuvur boon oxooulod, Mho In known to bo In Mydnoyi and lottorn addronnod to tbo oaro of bor lu'othor, T, If" i'lpor, of tho N.B.W, If'orontn Dopartmunt will llnd bor, nnd Htlll tho dutuotlvon profomi to bo unablo to unruvol tbo mytilory wblob mirroundn bor dlnappoarauoi), .It may bo tmld tlmt tblo uxpoiiuro of fondly altnlra In unwarrantable ) but undur tbo olrouinnlanooii 1 tbtnk It In purfuotly juntlllnblo, lit It not olultnod tbot Mm, Tbonoinon owoh ililtSOO to tbo trudunpooplu wbo liovo norvud bur with nooomiltloii for bor houiioboUl, nnd tbo amount oupbt to bo paid. An allowanuu of tUUOO a yoar In pnld by tbo family to (hair inothur, and tboy mlpbt 'Ko a ntop furtluir and pvy bor doblii, If iblit In not doiio Mrn, Tbonoiuan will oortalnty bo arruntod, and a family noandal, wldob ud|;bt liavo boon burlod In oblivion, onoo moro ralcod up. Aimoiik tbo mumborn of tbo family ntlll to bo oxamlnod aro .If rod or In If)mil Tbonoman, Jibuti Htottlni? Tbonoiuan, Jllvollnn fioubuj Tbonoman, and Mtnnlo Auguiita Tbonoman, Mil. BALLOW, who nrrlvod In Sydney i\ by tho Zoalnndln from Sun Francisco, Is a WelUd, Boston journalist and author, His principaloba visiting Australia is to write a hook of travels 1 will spontl soma months in the various colonise ing materials. As Mr. Phil Boblusanh alio]1 publish, his impressions o£ Australia la one oil volumes, quite a. flood of light will bo thrown u sayings and doings of Antipadeans for the V Knglish and Amerloan readers about the hegitmj next year. Tiijshe is a llttlo town In Rlvorlna where p«J oompanioa show for a night on route, the localvj announcing the fact in the good old EMM il 'i'ho remuneration of this important functionary! ever, has always Unci an element ol uncertainty! it, and grown wise by oxperlenoo, ho now | declines to ndvertiso a show, unle33 his Aonorarfl paid in advanoo. A fow days ago a pretty g.yj pany arrived in. the town, and when the munajl applied to for anticipatory payment ho sternly r to " part" until the work was performed, Thj vices of the wholo company was enlisted in dhy ing handbills, and the managor fondly hopedll had ohookmatod the bellman for once, but! mistaken. Two hours bofore tho petfornw,«| muuood, the loading man—Mr, Edmund KcauKj Maorcndy—rushod into tho manager's room,wl faeo palo as death, and nnnounccd in hh ill tradody tones i—" Tho show's ruined, Cully IJ bellman is ringing up tho wholo town, andannol that tho aompany aro all down with typhoid Tho bollman was sont for imnaodlntoly, and uh tho hotol, one hand omployod In wiping bln'oll tho other in jingling sundry hnlf-orowns, liemoj to himsolf t—"That will toaoh thoso bloomln'p play no trlolts with tholr host frloud," Tirjs aristooratlo locality at St, Jnmga' Ps boast of n haunted houso, whero tlio pnlo itJ dopnrtod spirits nvo in tho habit of rcvhitlj " glimpses of tho moon," This liouso tins,of co[ history, it was thoro that oortnln spiritual! woro hold somo years ago, which rdtcnvnutilij prorninont fanturo in tho groat LnmontwillaMj MoGoorgo, Mr, Lam on t, and a Gormnn Imlpa principal actors in those spiritualistic commJ and now it is nllogod that Mr, Lnmont'si tho old house, Now, Mr, L, L, Smith Inloiulili this mansion j and tho ghosts will prol'«W;j boi'oro modern modlonl solonoo, Tiiiu notion of tho Govornmont In brcuklnj wltlr tho jurors who sat on tho Windsor liwptoHt oan only bo oharnotorlsad <w pitKull/J and paltry, Mr, Turves, Q,G„ apeaklng authovlsud ropvasentatlvo of tho Grown, prowN the remuneration should loo #2 3J> n dny, sj attempt to roduoo tho foo to tUl is, sccnuwl like repudiation. All tho Jurors wore nwnwjv business, and tho larger amount ia quite littlecj nation enough for tholr groat loss of tlmo,iwl'l of the lneonvonlonou of bolag oompollod to illj many hoimi In a crowded room, Hstonln^ wrangling of well paid lawyers, A r,Auain number of the IoikIIiik olty boon rcioiiiitly "anted Into Joint titovk <Miii|>i>nh'| iv well-known furniture btwlmin'i Intend* 'J dual; on fclio Hiiinu jn'liioljilu. Tliln "rut WJ opomtlond In .Iflllmibatli, Oollliw, iuhI Sivuiiiluit'l nnd tho iiliiiro I Int will nhoi'tly bo ]>!imuit on ",<J ^ market, tlio oiipltul boliitf flxuil nt AiI0t>,uua * * * I I Aai told Mint mi ii((K"li|kW'<l,l'0(""lt"J'1"' "'"''J Ootlltoll ItOllHIwItUl'll 111 tflll llolf{llbl>dl<l<i<ll" who moolvoi! nil Invitation In iilo 0"'^'"' tb<i "tlbUuo Ibtll, Iiiim boon uxliiMltl'Mf11 to ll!' oi'i 1111 it norl of mlvortlMoimml. Tlw Kontloiiniri'ii doollnliw tlio Clovunwr' »' wna tbiit I so no 11 Id not nroouro n MUltnblo 1 lloW wua thill* H« y«uU'l i"|fc i»i'o°ur0 no*" I 