FICTION. m ( -io: FrotM Ga K1 lib, American, find Other Perlnilleali* ALLAN LIVINGSTONE CHAPTER XXVII. I AM AIBEAD1 A. WI »E 1 " A-few days later Mr. Winfchorpü in his wander- ings carne suddenly upon Gertrude and her young charges in the Louvre. They were examining some groups of statuary, the beauty of which had so interested them that they were unaware that any one had approached. He stood wathing them for awhile, longing to ¿oin them, yet hesitating to intrude, and it was while thus engaged that be -was greatly surprised and mystified by hearing the little girls address Gertrude as Miss Richards." She had not told him, when he had previously encountered her, that she was living under an assumed name. She might not have deemed it necce86ary-she might not have thought of it. " There is some inexplicable mystery here," he said to himself. " How strangely she acted the other day ! She did not mean to-be recognised, but made the l>eat of it when she saw there was no help for it. She refused to allow me to call, and now I find her answering to an assumed name. I'd almost wager my diamond studs that she is hiding from her friends, though -why is beyond my comprehension. She may have drifted out to sea, as she said, but it certainly looks as if she had purposely allowed her relatives to believe that she was lost, and is now employed by some family as a governess." Mr. Winthrope was reasoning far better than he knew, but he was very curious to ascertain the truth, and he resolved he would know, if possible, before very long, and if the lovely girl was in any trouble he would constitute himself her champion if «he would allow it. With this resolution formed he advanced toward the group he had been so attentively regarding ' and doffing his hat respectfully to Gertrude, he eoid, slightly emphasizing tbe name he had just overheard : " Good afternoon, Miss Richards. This is truly Jto unexpected pleasure." Gertrude coloured at his manner of addressing her, and lifted her eyes to his face with a startled look. He smiled wisely, and then glanced at the children. She looked grateful for his thoughtfulness, and responded heartily : " Good afternoon, Mr. Winthrope ; you, also, are 'doing' the Louvre, it seems." " Yes; wifl. you take pity on a stranger and allow him to join your party ?" he asked, with an air of entreaty which she had not the heart to resist. " H you desire," she answered ; then added, with a glance at her youthful companions, " These are my little pupils, Beth and Florence Overton." The little girls, though surprised that their teacher knew the stranger, were instantly attracted by his kind face and gracious manner, and were »eady to make friends with him on the spot. They all spent a most delightful afternoon, Mr. Winthrope so improving his opportunity and making himself so agreeable that Gertrude gave herself up to the pleasure ot the hour, and felt that it was very restful to be thus kindly attended and -eared for. " It was a common occurrence after that for Mr Wanthrope to meet tfcem upon their rambles or ?drives, or when they werg sight-seeing, and they really began to look upon him as a. sort of escort and protector. Gertrude grew to regard him as a valued friendi and it was not very long before he had drawn from lier the confession that she was hiding from her Mends. " Tour home could not have been a, very happy one," he said, with a sympathelie look, -when she told him that his suspicions were true. " It was not," she admitted. " Mrs. Lividgstone was very kind to me while she lived, and I loved üer dearly ; but Mr. Livingstone wronged me. He did me a wilful injury, which I could not overlook ; and so, when I found myself being borne, without any volition of my own, over the sea to a foreign land, I took it for granted that fate meant me to sever the bonds of my old life and begin anew." " Fate, Miss Livingstone ! There is no such thing. It is GOD who rules all things,"' said her companion, w;ith gentle gravity. She lifted to him a flushed troubled face. »Do you think God would 'rule' that a young and innocent life should be ruined from the begin- ning?" she asked, bitterly. " Speaking of a 'ruined life,' do you refer to your ?own ?" Frank Winthrope questioned-a line of whiteness settling around his mouth. "Ye%." " Oh I hope not ! Miss Livingstone you may have seen something of disappointment and trouble, but surely, at your age, your life cannot have been ir- reparably ruined." " You have not answered my question, Mr. Win- thrope." "That God decrees that the lives of some of His creatures shall be ruined ? No, he does not-no more than a skilful gardener rules that his choicest plants shall bo ruined by an apparently reckless ?pruning, which eventually results in a more glori- ous Wooin than they would otherwise have yielded.'» "Oh, if I could believe that!" cried Gertrude, I with a thrill of passion and pain in her voice. If she could only believe that her life would yet be crowned by the bloom of beauty and peace in Allan Livingstone's abiding love, she could bear the bitter pruning of the"presenl much more patiently " Can you not believe it ?" was the earnest query j that interrupted these thoughts. " I would not ' presume to ' preach' to you ; but I learned long ago to trust a stronger nrm and a wiser judgment than my own, and to feel that whatever He Bends can be oply for roy ultimate good." * .J " Ultimatx' S" Gertrude repeated the emphasized word questiouingly. " Yes. If we do not find what wo desire in this life, we may att »in it in the bettor life beyond, if wo seek it " Gertrude sighed. She had never been taught to consider such seri ou« questions as these. No one had ever instructed her regarding the purpose of life, or that any special preparation was necessary for the future. She had heard it. preached in an indefinite way from the pulpit, but no one had ever spoken'to her thus 'personally before. There was something in Mr. Winthrope's manner -in the sweet earnestness with which he spoke that impressed her profoundly, and made her long to possess this trust and confidence, which seemed to uplift him and ennoble his character. Mr. Winthrope evidently thought he had said enough for the time upon the subject, for, after some moments of silence, ho changed the subject by re- marking : "You spoke of your friends as 'Mr. and Mrs. Livingstone.' Pardon me, but were they not your parents ?" " Not one drop of their blood flows in my veins. Mr. Livingstone was my guardian, and I became a member of their family at an early age," she said. " But you boar their name !" exclaimed her com- panion in snrpriso. " Yes, Gertrade Livingstone is my name," the fair girl responded, but a brilliant color flooded her cheek, and her eyes drooped beneath the man's earnest gaze. " Another secret," was his mental comment. " If I am not mistaken, there is an interesting rotnanoe connected with this lovely creature's life." And yet he did not have a suspicion of the truth. He imagined she might be a distant relative, or perhaps even ¡vu orphan whom the Livingstones bad adopted.,J " Pray do not imagine, Miss Livingstone, that I am seeking your confidence. Surprise has forced more from mo now in the way of inquiry than politeness should permit ; but when I met you a little more than a year ago, I imagined that you were the petted child of fortune, and now every- thing seems so changed, so strange, I-" " Mr. Winthrope, I am sure I may trust you," Gertrude said, interrupting his confused speech. " Indeed, you may, if yon have anything you wish to confide to me," he returned, a thrill of joy per- vading him at her words. " And you will regard what I say as strictly con- fidential ?" " Most assuredly.", " Very well ¡ then I will tell you something of how I am situated. I have already said Mr. Livingstone was my guardian. He had a large fortune in trust for me, but I.could have no control of it until I married or attained my majority. During the last four years my home has been any- thing bub a happy one. After the death of my guardian's wife, I had nothing to bind me to it/ The thought of rea aining there grew almost intol- erable to me, but I never should have thought of leaving it voluntarily. When my tragic adventure carried me away from it, placing the sea between it and me, I accepted the conditions OB an inter- position of fate, as I told you, and I resolved to take my future into my own hands and earn my own liying, rather than return to the bondage I had escaped. At first I did not mean that any one should ever know that I had been rescued from death j but after a while, I began to realise that it was not right to conceal the fact, so I have recently written to Mr. Livingstone, but I distinctly stated that I should not return to him, and also informed him that it would be useless for him to try.to com- municate with me further. I do not wish him to know anything about me, and I have told you much of my history because I know you have thought it very strange that I should be here alone ; and now. I ask as a favour that you will reveal to no one, who may ever inquire regarding me, that you have met me or know anything of my movements." "I give ycu my word as a gentleman that I will respect your confidence, so give yaurself no uneasi- ness regarding the subject," Mr. Winthrope res- ponded, heartily, though he longed to know, more of her history-longed to,ask what was the nature of the " bondage" to which she had referred. He was sure she had not told him all evon now. He saw there was some hidden sorrow in her life, and he longed to ask her what it was and comfort her in some way ; but he was too manly to question her further, while he was greatly gratified at having been taken into her confidence ever so little. " May I advise you upon one point ?" he hesita- tingly asked, after a short pause. " Certainly. I shall be very glad if you will." " Well, then, you should have your fortune ; it is your right. You have been accustomed to a luxurious mode of living, and it is not right that you should labour for your bread and be deprived of so much that would make your life more com- fortable, if not more enjoyable. I would advise you to demand your money, or at least a handsome income, from your guardian." " Rose advised the same, and I have been con- sidering the matter ever since. I presume Mr. Livingstone would send me money if I should ask him to do BO ; but if I put myself in communicatian with him, he would be more likely to find out where I am ; then, too, I have felt a little pride regarding niy being able to take care of myself." Mr. Winthrope smiled. He saw that she was very proud, and that she possessed remarkable self-reliance and strength of character. He had admired her as a wonderfully beautiful and talented girl, but had not supposed that &he; could ever display such firmness and decision as this, and every hour Bpent in her society only served to enslave his heart more hopelessly, and make him mpre determined to win her favor. Gertrude found it a very pleasant to have such a friend. He was so courteous and kind, so thought- ful for her comfort and attentive to her needs. He was several years older than herself, and she , trusted him fully, as she would have trusted a long tried friend, and never dreamed toward what such pleasant intercourse was tending. When Mr. aud Mrs. Overton returned she no. longer hesitated about presenting him to them, nor demurred when he again pleaded for the privilege of calling upon her. Consequently he became almost a daily visitor, j and the Overtons were not long in discovering, though Gertrude still seemed blind to the fact, thattheir handsome countryman entertained serious designs upon their accomplished governess. But letters from home had come for Mrs. Overton during her absence, and these contained startling intelligence, at least for Gertrude. Miss Van Ausdel wrote, among many other items of gossip, that young Dr. Livingstone hod suddenly thrown up his practice in Chicago and gone aboard again upon important business. I " It is the strangest thing in the world," she I wrote. -'He must have had some sudden trouble whether pecuniary or otherwise I do not know ; j but he looked as if he had been sick a month when j he called to tell me he must1 go, and to bid me j 1 good-by. ' It is the greatest pity, for he was begin- j i ning to be very popular here as a physician, as well as in society." Gertrude felt as if her heart must break when Mrs. Overton read this aloud to her husband in her hearing. She knew at once that Mr. Livingstone must havo sent Allan her letter, and that this " business" abroad was to search for her-to try to persuade her to return and assume her place as his wife. She know well enough, from the fact of his having started immediately, that his pride rebelled at the idea of a divorce as she had suggested-that hef would never subject himself or her to the scandal which such a proceeding would be sure to create. But she believed, from the tone of Blanch Van Ausdel's letter, from what she had written about tho sudden chango in his appearenco when ho " had. called to tell" her of his departure and " bid her good-by," that the news of htr rescue had been a terrible blow to him- had gerhajte - shattered new and happier'hopeB and plans that had begun to take root in his heart during his acquaintance with the Chicago belle. She was very wretched, almost ill for a few days over this news,,., while at first she was exceedingly nervous at the thought of Allan's coming. Then she told herself, that she did not need to fear, for he would nover think of her as Helen Richards ; he would never recognise her even if he should meet her face to face, for she was very much changed from " that dowdy" . whom he had left standing upon tho-porch at Livingstone Elms Btar ing vacantly after him more than four years ago. ? She did not mean that he should find her, however ; she would run no risk, and she resolved to watch the list of arrivals in the different papers and to leave Paris herself the moment she learned of his coming. She was therefore deeply thankful, when close upon the letteralready mentioned, there followed another from Blanch stating that Mrs. Van Ausdel had been taken suddenly and dangerously ill, and that! there were but faint hopes of her recovery, and begging her sister to come home. The Overtons decided that they must return im- mediately, and when Mrs. Overton begged Gertrude to go with them and still retain her position in the family, the anxious girl was only too eager to accept the proposition. To Frank Winthrope, however, the sadden flitting was a great blow. He, too, turned white, and looked as if he had been ill for a month when in- formed that they " would leave Paris the day after to-morrow." " I cannot be reconciled to this unexpected move Miss Livingstone," he said, looking very soberly in- to her face after the announcement. He always addressed her by her own name when thoy were alone, and this conversation occurred on the oven ? ing before her departure. Gertrude smiled. "It is rather sudden," Bhe answered, "andi.1 ' must tell you Mr. Winthrope that you have helped to make the last few weeks very plesant to me." " Have I ? You are kind to tell me that," he said, his face lighting, " and may I hope you will welcome me with pleasure when I return to America ?" , " Indeed you may, if we should meet. I should be very ungrateful not to greet you kindly." "Miss Livingstone-Gertrude," he broke forth suddenly, " may I not hope for something more than the welcome of a mere friend ?" Gertrude looked up startled, dismayed; and meeting his eager glance, knew that he was going to lay his heart at her feet. Her face grew white and distressed, and she half arose from her seat beside him with a jjesture of entreaty to bim not to go on. But ho caught her hand aud gently reseated her. "You know I love you, Gertrude," he began, but i Bhe interrupted him in great agitation. . . j " No, no ; you muet not say tha* to me," she cried. . " Of course I must. Do you think I could let you go without telling you ? I think I must havo begun to love you more than a year ago, whett I first met you at school ; but I have not fully realised the fact until now, having found you here a gloriously beautiful woman, and having been permitted to en- joy so much of your society. My heart has never yielded homage to woman before, but you have conquered it, and-I have dared to hope that you would reciprocate my affection." "I cannot-I do not-oh ! I am sorry that you have said this to me," Gertrude said, with quivering lips and heaving chest. " I will teach you to love me dnar/' Frank Win- thrope said, gently, and îearing he had spoken too abruptly. "Oh, you cannot." " Cannot ! aro you very sure, Gertrude ?" " Very sure." Only one tiling would convince me of that, and that would be to know that-you love some one else," he returned gravely, but looking very white about the mouth. There was an awkward pause, then Gertrude said, in a low, scarcely audible voice : " J. do." The young man at her side started as if a knife had pierced him. " That is the secret of your hiding, then.," he said, impulsively, while he regarded her with sorrowful anxious eyes. " Partly," she admitted, a vivid crimson rushing to her brow. " There must be something wrong in this Ger- trude," he returned after a moment. " He whom you love cannot be worthy of you, or there would be no need to hide from him ; and, if that is so, I believe-forgive me if I seem presuming, but I love you so-I should be justified in using all my art to win you from him. Gertrude turned and lifted her wonderful grey eyes to his face with a look that he never forgot. " Mr. Winthrope you compel me to confess to you what I never meant to confess to any one while I lived-I am already a wife." CHAPTER XXVIII. '' 'ALLAN IN FARI8-GERTRUDE IN CHICAGO. For a moment Frank Winthrope sat gazing in blank amazement into Gertrude's beautiful face, while his own grew white at this startling assertion. " Imnossible !" he exclaimed deenlv agitated. " It is true," Gertrude answered, in a ltw tone, " but I can tell you no more than the simple fact at least not at present. This much, however, I will say, to show you how impossible it would be for me '«ver to care for* anyfiody else. My husband is a noble, worthy man, and I love him with all my heart, but he does not return my affection. We are as strangers to each other. Please do not-question me. Let everything drop just here; and if the time ever comes when I can give you a happier ac- count of myself, I will gladly do so." "Promise me, please,", she continued, after a momentary pause, " that if you ever meet any one ' who-is searching or inquïrîngfor me, you will still keep my secret ; you will not reveal that you hare met me." *. . - , . . . . " I will respect your wisheB. Yon may trust me fully," Mr. Winthrope replied, but in a pained, repressed tone. Ho was bitterly wounded by what she had told him. It was a heavy blow to him to know that Bhe waa the wife of another. Such a suspicion had never crossed his mind ; but now he thought he understood moro of her history than she, perhaps, would wish him to know. He could see now how it was that her name was Gertrude Livingstone, when "not a drop of Livingstone blood flowed in her T¡eina." He could understand something of what the injury was that her guardian had done her, and a profound pity took possession of his heart. "Thanks," said Gertrude. Then she added, while she glanced appealingly into his still palo face, " I am very sorry if I have unconsciously mis- led you, and brought sorrow to you. It-it never occurred to me that you could learn to love or care for nie, except as a friend." " Do not be ttoubled about mo. I do not blame you. It was all my own fault. Pray, forgive we for paining you with an avowal, which, under the circumstances, must have been very obnoxious; and if ever you find yourself in need of help in any form, I beg you to consider me a friend to be relied upon." He spoke disjointedly and with evident pain, and Gertrude was moved almost to tears as she realised how keenly ho had been wounded. " You are very kind. I know of no one whom I would trust more fully," she said. Thon, rising, and holding out her hand to him, she continued : t f " We go to-morrow, as you know, so I will say good-bye to yoTt nbw^ You will go to Rome soon and you may teli Rose, confidentially^ that you have seen me, and give my tender love to her" ( Frank Winthrope arose too, grasped that white hand, and raised it to his lips,-and for a moment the beautiful woman before him thought he would break down utterly. But he recovered himself with an effort. I " Good-bye," he said, gravely, tenderly, regret- fully. " I will not attempt to tell you how blank life has suddenly become to me. I will not murmur that it is so. I will only say that in spite of all. I know ' God rules ¡' that He knows best, and I trust Him fully. May I leave a little text for you Hrs. Livingstone ?" Gertrude started, colored, and looked up quickly at him, as he thus addressed her. " Yes, do," she said, softly, but hot tears rushed into her eyes as she met his sorrowful glance. " Casting all you care upon Him, for He careth for you." That was all ; and, with a lingering pressur« of her hand, Frank Winthrope turned away from the only woman whom he had ever loved, feeling as if life had suddenly lost ita charm-the world its beauty. The next day the Overtons were on their way back to London. They reached the city late in the evening spent the night at the Midland Grand Hotel, where they could take the early train to Glasgow, whence, on the afterioon of the next day, they would sail for New York. * In the moraing,*'ofter the family had break- fasted, they were assembled in the waiting room of the hotel, while Mr. Overton looked after . the baggage, when Gertrude's eyes were attracted by a large portmanteau upon the (floor near her, and bearing upon one end the initials " A. L." A shock like electricity ran along her nerves as she saw them, and a second glance shewed her the label of a certain steamer._of ajine between New York and Liverpool, which told her that the bag- gage had recently arrived from America. But a still greater shock awaited her. í rfs she stood with her eyes riveted upon it, instinc tivly feeling as if something was about to happen and wondering if A. L. might not stand for Allan Livingstone, a deep, rich-toned voice behind her suddenly said: " Ah ! yes ; here it is," and the next moment a tall grandly-formed man passed her-his coat even brushing the folds of her dress and thrflli ingherwitha strange, tremor-and pointed out the portmanteau that had attracted her attention to a porter who followed him. Gertrude knew him instantly; she would have known him anywhere, even though she had not seen him for long years. It was indeed Allan Livingstone, on his way to seek for the wife who was even then standing in his presence. It was here that they met and passed each other. VHe gave his check to the official who accompanied him and who was about to bear his baggage to a cab that was waiting for- him outside, when, as if attracted by some power stronger than his own will he turned his head and met Gertrude's glance. Something in those deep, fathomless gray eyes thrilled him through, and he wondered why that queenly, beautiful woman should regard him so fixedly, ond why she should look so pale. ile never suspectoa tue trutn, even though her lips moved and she had almost uttered his nama before she could think to check herself. Gertrude's letter to his father had been writen from Paris ; so to Paris he was going to look for her, and whereheought to havebeenlong before this, but for the fearful storm that had thretened him with shipwreck and driven tho steamer in which he had sailed far out of her course, and caused her to put into a strange port for repaiis. Gertrude afterwards wondered what kept her from swooning at his feet, foi it seemed as if all her strength even her. senses, had forsaken her, when she suddenly became conscious that Mr. Overton had approached and was addressing her. " We are all ready, Miss' Richards," he began ; then, remarking her usual pallor, he added : " I fear yesterday's journey tired you out, you are as white as a ghost." " No, indeed, I rested, nicely last night, and I am all right," she said, recovering her self-possession . and looking up at him with the most luminous smile Allan Livingstone thought he had ever seen, I \- j xi_"t.~ *«n~«.",i TW- /\»n-¿-»« -u-i. _ -1_ I air from the place ; but her heart was like lead in her bosom as she turned away from her husband. No one could know how her heart ached, as she passed^ fojfth from the hotel into the station and took her place in the train that was to bear her on her way toward home j or that she would have given worlds, had Bhe possessed them, for one look of affection from Allan's handsome dark eyes, or for one word bidding her come to him as a tenderly be- loved wife. No. one could know, either, how, all day long, as he travelled toward Paris, he was haunted by those lovely gray eyes and that strangely luminous smile, and wondered if she was the wife of the gentleman ' who had come for her, and whither thej might be going. It was very strange, Gertrude thought, that they should have met there; should face each other ; he in search4of her, she flying from him; for it amounted to that, since she would not have re- turned with the Overtons had Bhe not known that he was coming abroad. Blanch Van Ausdel had said that he might be absent for a year, So she felt that she would be safe from the fear of discovery even in Chicago. No one would recognise her there ; for Fannie Long, the only one from that city who had been at Hilton with ht>r, had recently married and gone to Masaa chus its to reside. Besides this, she felt a strong desiro to go to Chicago. She felt very curious to see the lovely I woman whom she believed Allan had learned to love-the beautiful Blanch Van Ausdel. «».>* -. The passage was a very rough one, and the Over. ton party were all thankful enough when they landed in New York. Mrs. Overton would not allow herself any rest, although she was weak and worn with the voyage ; but insisted upon taking the first express for the West, for she was terribly anxious for news of her mother. , They arrived in Chicago an almost exhausted party, but found Mrs. Van Ausdel alive, and with some prospect that she might rally, if nothing new occurred to aggravate her disease. It was a stricken household, however, for several weeks, for the invalid's life apparently hung by a brittle thread, though she began to mend slightly BoMi after her daughter's return. Mrs. Overton and Blanch devoted themselves to their mother, while Gertrude took the entire charge of Beth and Florence, who grow more fond of her than ever during this time of sickness and trial. But the dark and threatening cloud passed. Mrs. Van Ausdel grow slowly better. Dr. Fosdick finally pronounced her out of clanger, and the household gradually drifted back into its accustomed ways, and life assumed a more cheerful aspect for them all Then Gertrude was thrown more into the society of Blanch Van Âusdel, and found herself studying the lovely girl with deep interest, and weighing her character by her own high moral standard. It seemed strange that these two women should have been thrown together thus. Blanch was drawn to Gertrude at once, and treated her in the most friendly manner-recognizing immediately her superiority to the position that she occupied, and realizing that she was as well fitted to shine in society as herself. But Gertrude began to feel uncomfortable after a time. Knowing that she was playing a part, and being in possession of Blanch's secret-for she was not long in discovering how completely she had sur- rendered her heart to Allan- she felt almost like a spy in the family, and determined to make some change in her mode of living. The opportunity which sho desired was not long in coming to lier, although it did not result quite as sho had expected. A friend of Mrs. Overton being suddenly reduced to the necessity of earning her own livelihood, opened a select prirate school for young misses, and solicited Beth and Florence as pupils. Mrs. Overton at first demurred, feeling, since she had persuaded Gertrude to return to America with her, that it would be hardly honourable to remove Beth and Florence from her care, and thus deprive her of employment. But when Gertrude knew of it, ahe begged Mrs. Overton to send the girls to school, and urged that the change if she would be satisfied to make it, would enable her to carry out a project of her own -that of opening a studio for pupils in painting. " Oh, that will be just the thing for you !" Mrs. Overton exclaimed, eagerly. "You ought not to hide your talents any longer. You are much too accomplished to plod on as a governess, and I will use all my influence to obtain pupils for you." But when she spoke of finding another home for herself, not one of the family would hear a word about it, and Mrs. Overton and the family wer« so aggrieved at the suggestion that she had not the heart to persist in it. Mrs. Overton secured for her a pleasant room in a good locality, and Gertrude began her career as an artist at once with six pupils. It was not long before six more applied for in- struction, and an adjoining room had to be fitted up to accommodate them, while in three months her re- putation had so increased the number, that she felt obliged to refuse to admit any moro, as she could not do justice to so many. She found itu very pleasant life, much more to her taste than acting as governess, and she would have boen very happy but for the consciousness of the bonds that bound her, and the fear that Allan would return by and by, and Bhe would find she could not live there and be obliged to meet him. She went out now and then with the Overtons, and was greatly admired in society. Blanch Van Ausdel would have found her charms eclipsed, had not Gertrude's simple taste in dress and her limited purse made her dislike to be conspicuous. But it was not long before her talent for song was discovered. She had sung at ono of Mrs. Overton's receptions to oblige her kind friend, and after that she was in great demand ; people simply went into ecstasies over her voice, her culture, her powor. Thus the winter-or what remained of it after their return-passed ; the warm months succeeded a pleasant spring, and peopl« began to get ready for their summer outines. Pupils began to drop off, and Gertrude was not sorry, for she had worked hard with them, while she had resolved to spend the vacation in painting | a picture or two for the fall exposition, which would be held in October. Mrs. Overton used all her powers of persuasion to induce her to-go to Saratoga with the family; but no, she preferred to remain in the city and work quietly by herself. She told, no one of her plans for the exposition ; she did net wiBh any one to know that she contem- plated having a picture there ; but all through those long weeks she worked early and late, living over the past and painting from memory. Nothing had been heard from Allan ; even Dr. Fosdick knew nothing of his movements, and began to feel that his young friend was treating him rather shabbily, to thus ignore his friendship and interest. Blanch Van Ausdel had ceased to mention his name; but Gertrude, who had grown to know her well, had reason to believe that her heart was anxiously longing for some tidings from him. She had not been quite well during the summer ; had lost colour and vitality j was languid and, de- pressed. She said it was the " heat." But Ger- trude felt sure it was the inward fire that was con- suming her. September came, and the Overtons returned; Gertrude's pupils came back to her, together with many new applicants, and thus the business of another year began. Our young artist's picture was finished, and had been sent to the exposition, which was advertised to be on a larger and grander scale than ever before, and she waited with no small degree of interest, not to say of imf atience, to see where it would be hung, and learn whatVerdict would be pronounced upon it' (To be continued.) The Rev. Dr. Edwards, Principal of the Calvinis tio Methodist Collego of Bala, died on July 19, from the effects of a panalytie stroke. 