To Call Her Mine. | By Walter Besant.] Author of ' All Sorts and Conditions of Men,' ' 17ie Revolt of Man.'''' ' Dorothy Forster ,'5 ?' Children of Gibeon §c. Chapter XIV.— DRINK ABOUT. During these days David led the life of a solitary. He sometimes went to the inn, but only to get. his bottle of whisky filled ; ho went to the village shop on the green to buy what he wanted, and he kept wholly to himself. Except for that daily visit to Gratnor, he talked with no one. From time to time I met him leaning over field-gates, loitering along the lanes, or sitting idly under the shade of one of our high hedges. I supposed that his loafing and VAndoririD' life lifld mnifa wnrlr nf ontr L-inrl 4-a him. But then he never had liked work. His face was not a pleasant one to gaze upon, aud for a stranger would have been terrifying. It was now, as regards expression, such a face as oiie might have met on Hounslow Heath or Shepherd's Bush in the last century, with a fierce 'stand- and-deliver' look upoi- it— dogged, sullen, and discon tented — the face of a man outside social law. He was sullen and discontented because he was always brooding over his wrongs, and dogged because he was pitilessly avenging them. At this time we knew from Mary that he went nearly eveiy day to Gratnor ; but we had no suspicion of what was said or done there. My own thoughts, indeeqL^i1 were wholly occupied with the fortunes of George Sidcotlf8 ' and I gave small heed to this sulky hermit, i et, had one thought about it, ^remembering hew the man came home in rags, alid now went clad in the garb of a respectable farmer, and denied himself nothing, one might have sus pected something at least of the ^trouble which was hanging over the poor old man. ' David,' I asked him, meeting him one day face to face so that he could not slip out of the way, 'why do you never come over to Sidcote ? Have wc offended you in anv way?' ' No, |he replied, slowly, Das if he was thinking what he ought to reply. ' No, I don't know exactly that you have offended me. 'Then, why not come sometimes?' ' Why not ?' he repeated. ' Come over (this evening .and tell us what [you think about doing.' ' No. I don't think I can go over this evening,' ' Well, .then, to-morrow evening.' ' No. I don't think I can go over to-morrow even ing.' ' Choose 'your own time, but come before I go back to London.' ' When are you going; back to London ?' ' Next week.' ' George will be turned out of his place before the' end of the year. The old man said so. Then he'll go too. Mary says she'll go with George. Then I shall be left alone with Uncle Dan.' He laughed quietly. ' I think I shall go and live at Gratnor and take care of him. We shall have happy times together, when you are all gone aud I am left alone with him.' ' Why, David, you' wouldn't harm the poor old man now, would you ?' ' Not harm him ? not harm him ? Did you ask him six years ago if he was going to harm gme ? Will he harm George Sidcote now V' You cannot force a man to be sociable, nor can you force him to entertain thoughts of charity, forgiveness, and long suffering. I made no more attempts to lead the man back to better ways and the old habits. ! The place where David lodged was a cottapre made up by partitioning off a portion of the old farm-house of Berry : the other portion, intended for another cottage, was without a tenant. The place stands among the dismantled farm-buildings, for Berry Farm is now worked with Grat nor. Around it was Jfonnerly the farmyard, but the ducks and poultry, the pigs and cows, tbe dogs, the farm imple ments, and all the litter, 'mess, and noise of a farm are I ? j, . ' David,' I asked him, meeting him one day face to faceso that he could not slip out of tbe way, ' why do yon never come over to Sidcote? Haye we offended you in any way? ' — Chapter XIV. — To Call IIee. Mine. gone now, and only the gates remain to show what for merly went on here. On ;the south side of the farmyard there is a rill of clear spring water running into a basin, and behind the rill rise the steep sides of Hayne Down. It is a quiet and secluded 6pot, with not a habitation of any kind within half a mile, and that only on one side. There are trees all round the place, and in the night a man living here alone would hoar strange noises, and perhaps bring himself to see strange sights. But David, who had got rid of one ghost, had not. 1 believe, yet invented another. If one wore sentimental, David might be portrayed alone in the cottage, sad, amid the pale ghosts of the past ; he might be depicted sitting among the shadows of his child hood, before he teok to drink and evil courses, recalling the long-lost scenes of ; innocence, listening once more to the voice of his dead I mother. All this might be easily set down, but it could not.be true. David had had enough of ghosts, and was not going out of his way to look for any new ones. There is no doubt a luxury in conjuring up a ghost of anyone ; but if you have had one with youcgainst your will for six years you are not likely to want anothor when that one is laid. One evening towards the end of August we had been walking with Mary on the llidge till sunset drove us home. Then we left her at Gratnor and walked back to Sidcote ; but as the night was cool and fine, we took the longer way which lies over Hayne Down and passes through Berry farmyard. Certainlv we had uo intention of prjing into David's private habits, but they were forced upon our notice, and a very .curious insight was afforded us of how he spent his evenings, It speaks volumes for a man when we And that his idea of a cheerful evening is a song and a glass with a festive company. I was once on board ship sitting in the smoking saloon, when 'someone asked what we should all like for that evening. Some spoke untruth fully, some affectedly, some bashfully, some with an open hearted candour which astonished. At last one man — a . quiet person in the corner— said : ' For my part, gentlemen, give me an evening with a party of Norfolk drovers.' Ever since that evening I have ardently desired to spend an even ing in such company, but 1 have not succeeded. If David had been there he would have replied that he should choose a company where the drink was unlimited and the songs were convivial. It was not much past 8, and twilight still. It had been a hot day, and the evening was 6tUl warm, though not oppressive. David, however, had put up the green shutter which by day hung down outside die window ; and he had closed the door. But in a cottage shutter there is always a lozenge-shaped hole at the top, and through thi6 we perceived that there was a light in the room. ' David is at home,' said George. ' Shall we call upon him?' Then — it was the most surprising thing I ever heard — there was suddenly a burst' of applause from the room. Hands and fists banged the table, glasses rang, heels were drummed upon the floor, and there was the bawling of loud voices, as it seemed. ' Good heavens !' said George; ' David has got a ^ party.' HHI We stopped, naturally, to listen. Then a song began. It was a drinking song, roared at the top of his voice by David himself. The song was one which I had never heard before— probably of American or Australian origin. As nearly as I can remember, the following were the words which we heard. Bat I maybe wrong; and there were, perhaps, many more. The words are so sweet and tender, and have about them so much delicacy and refine ment, that I am sony there are no more: — Push the canabout, boys, Turn and turn about boys, ' Till the liquor's out, boys, Let tbe glasses clink. ? ? Every man is bound, boys, To sing his song around; boys, Till we all are drowned, boys, In the drink. Till we all are drowned, boys, In tbe drink. ' ' David is obliging (the [company,' I said. ' 'Tis a pleasing ditty, George.' He sang, as I have said, as loudly as he possibly could bawl it, in a voice naturally ropy ; and at his musical edu cation had been 'neglected, and his ear was defective, the tune was the most dismal and doleful I had ever heard. But, no doubt, he took it to be convivial and soulin spiring. When he had finished jthere was another banging of tables, holloaing, and stamping on the floor. ' Who can the eompanv be ?' asked George. David began |the song again, and repeated it half through. Then he left; oil suddenly, and there was a dead silence. We listened, waiting to hear fmore. There was a dead silence — not a sound. ' What is the matter with them all ?' ' I believe they are all struck dumb,' said George. The silence was complete. ' I have it,' said George. *' I believe he is givinga party to himself in his own honour. He is all alone, and is hav ing a convivial evening. It is very queer — makes one feel uncanny, doesn't it?' This, indeed, was actually the case. Fancy holding a convivial meeting— a friendly lead— a harmonic evening— a free-and-easy — a sing-song— all by yourself in a cottage half a mile from any other house, with the flowing bowl and glasses round, and three times three, and, no doubt, a doch-an-dorrach to end with ! 'I think, George,' I said, 'that David must have I gone very low indeed. He could not have gone much lower. There must be a depth, at some point, where a sinking man meets with the solid rock.' ' Perhaps. The Lord keep us from beginning to sink. Will, do you think it possible, when that old man has taken my land, 'and 1 have gone wandering about the world and have come home in rags, that I should ever sink like David, and (drag Mary with me ?' ' Nay, George, it is impossible.' Then the roysterer began again, his voice being now distinctly that* of a man half drunk, from which we gathered that the {interval of silence had been well em ployed: — Every man is bound, boys, To sing his song around, boys ; and then we went on our way. It seemed shameful even to listen. And all the time, every day, this man who got drunk, 'at night alone was carrying on, slowly and ruthlessly, the most systematic revenge, with the most exquisite tortures. Every day he went to Gratnor and dangled before his victim some of his property, and made him buy it back bit by bit, haggling over the bargain; letting his uncle have it one day cheap, so as to raise his spirits, and the next at nearly its full value, so as to crush him again ; and even at times, after an hour's bargain over a single coupon, he would put it in the fire and destroy it. When David went away the poor old man would fall to weeping — this hard, dry, old man, whom nothing ever moved before, would shed tears of impotent and bitter rage. But he refused to tell Mary what was troubling him. 44 1 can't tell you what it is,' he said. ' You don't know what the consequences might be if I told you. Oh ! Mary, I am a miserable old man. 1 wish 1 was dead and buried and that it was all over — I wish it was all over!' There are many men who, when anything goes wrong with them ; when Retribution — a veiy horrid spectre —comes with a cat-o' -nine-tails to pay them out ; or when Consequence — another very ruthless spirit — brings along disease, poverty, contempt or other disaster, never fail to wish that they were dead and buried. It is a formula expressing considerable temporary vexation, but little more. For if the well known skeleton were to take them at their word, and to in vite them to take part with him in a certain festive pro cession and dance, they would make the greatest haste to excuso themselves, and to express their sincere regret at having given Madame La Mort the trouble of calling upon them. 'Another time, perhaps, if Madame should be passing that J, way ; but, indeed, there is.no hurry-; if Madame will be so obliging as to ? Good mominr, Madam*. Again, a thousand pardon?.' Mr. Leigan, perhaps, was more sincerejfhan most men ; for he loved but one thing Jin the world, and this was being slowly taken from him bit by bit. ' It is something,' 6aid Mary, ' to do with David. I will go and speak to him about -it.' 'No, Maty ; no,' he cried eagerly. 'Mind your own business*, child. Don't attempt to interfere. Oh ! you don't know what might happen if you interfered.' ' It is, David, then. Very well, ancle, I shall not ask him what it is.' I can't tell anybody, Mary. I must bear it in patience. If I resist I shall only lose the more. Many, we've got to be veiy careful in the housekeeping, now — very careful.' *' I aia always careful, uncle.' . ' There was a ^pudding again to-day. I can't afford any more puddings for a long while — not till Christ mas. And I'm sure there's waste and- riot in the kitchen.' - ' Nonsense, uncle ! You not able to afford a pud ding! Now, remember you are not to be starved,- and there's no waste or riot. Now I'll mix your brandy and-water, and you can have your pipe, and thai go to sleep.' Chapter XV.— WITH THE BEST INTENTIONS. I terminated my holiday with a meddling and a mud ling. Of course, I was actuated by the best intentions. Every meddler and muddler is. Otherwise, he might be forgiven. I was going back to town. It would be 11 months before I should get another holiday; long before that I time Sidcote would be out of George's hands, and the pair j would be married and gone. Was it possible to make an appeal to the old man? Could one touch him with tlie sense of gratitude? Could one make him feel that in his own interests he should not drive away the only living creature who stood between himself and the hired ser vice of strangers ? Could one make him see that it would be far better for him to give the money to Mary than to David? I made my attempt — needless to say, since it was meddling and muddling, with no success — on my last evening at CLallacombe, when the old man had taken his tea, and might reasonably be expected to be milder than during the press of business in the morning. I had not seen him for three weeks. Remember, that for more than three weeks David had been pursuing liis scheme of revenge. I was struck with the change that had come over him during this short period. It was that subtle change which we mean when we say that a man has ' aged.' In Mr. Leighan's case, his hands trembled ; he .looked feebler, and there was a loss of vitality in his eyes. _ _ 'What do you want?' he asked, impatiently. 'You are come for Mary ? Well, she isn't here. You ought to know that she always goes out after tea. You will find her somewhere about — on the ltidge or down the lane, somewhere.' He turned his head, and took up his pen i again. I observed that he was pouring over a paper of figures. ' No, Mr. Leighau ; I came to see you.' ' ' What do you want with me? Money? No; you are one of the people who don't want money. The last time you came you brought me my bag with the 20 pounds I in it. That was very little good, considering ; but it was ' something. You haven't got another bag of money, have I you?' ' No ; I have come to see you about George and Mary.' 'Go on, then. Say what you want to say. When a man is tied to his chair he is at the mercy of everyone who comes to waste his time.' This was encouraging. However, I spoke to him as i eloquently as I could. I told him ho ought to consider [ how Mary had been his housekeeper and his nurse for six long years, during! which he had been helplessly con fined 'to his chair. If he refused his consent to her mar r riage she would go away, not only from his house but from the parish : he would be left in tlie hands of strangers who 1 wouJd waste and spoil his substance. I thought that would move him. ' Young man,' he said, ' I never asked for or expected any other service than what is paid for. Mary'6 services have been paid for. if she goes I shall find another person who wiJJ be paid for her services.' ' Nay,' 1 replied ; ' you cannot possibly rate Mary's services with those of a paid housekeeper. You will very soon find the difference. However, if that is your way of looking at tbe matter, I can say no more.' . Then I spoke of George, and of his mortgage. If Mr. Leighan gave his consent no money would be lost, because Mary's fortune would pay off nearly the whole of the mortgage. And besides, 'he would keep Mary near him, if not with him. A great deal more I said which need not be set down. ' \oung man,' he said, when I concluded, 'you are a writing person, and you speak as if you were writing for the newspaper which employs you. Business you know nothing of. But, young man, sentiment must not conic in the way of business*.' I exclaimed tbat it was not sentiment but common-sensc, gratitude, ani good feeling. 'As for common-sense, that belongs to business ; as for gratitude, Mary bas had her board and her bed, and she's done her work to earn her board and her bed ; I don't see any sail for gratitude there. As for good feeling, that's my business. Now, young man, George feidcote's land is mortgaged. As he says he can no longer pay the interest I have sent up the case to London and have got the usual order ; he has six months in which to pay priucipal and interest. At the end of that time, because he can't and won't pay, his land will be mine. As for what is done mierwaiuK, jl jjruiuibe uoiiiixigv ' You will lose Mary, for one thing.' ' I have told you that I in that case shall hire another person.' ' Very well. You will have to pay Mary's fortune to David Leighan. holding a convivial meeting all alone. — Chapter XIV. — To Call Her Mine. her cousin David ; because she will many without your consent.' ' Have the ?goodness~- Mr. Will Nethercote, to leave me to my own affairs.' 'This affair is mine as well as yours. Do you prefer David to Mary ? You must choose between them, you know. I have read the wilL' ' Oh ! you think you have got me between the two, do youP' 'I do.' ' Then perhaps you are wrong. And now go away and meddle no more.' Now 1 declare that in £ saving what I did say next I rke . without the least knowledge. It was a randnm t. 'You think,' I said, 'that David does not know of his aunt's will. You hope that he will go away pre sently without finding out.' He started and changed colour, and in his eyes I read the truth, He thought that David would never find out. ' So, Mr. Leighan,' I went on ; ' that is in your mind. He lives alone speaks to no one ; his aunt died after he went away ; it is very possible that he does not know anything about it. Good heavens ! Mr. Leighan, were you actually think ing to hide the thing from him, and so to rob him ? Yes ; to rob Maiy first and David afterwards, of all thin money?' . ' What business is it of yours?' he esked. 'Vwygood; I shall fell David.' ' Oh! if I were thirtv instead of seventy, I would— — ' he began, his eyes flashing again with all their ancient ? fire. ' I shall go to David, Mr. Leighan. If, as I believe, he knows nothing about it, you will see how he will receive the news. Yes; you shall be between the two; you6hall choose between David and Mary.' Yes ; I had stumbled on the exact truth, as accidentally as I had stumbled on the canvas bag. David didjnot know, nor had his uncle chosen to inform him — though he was certain from his talk that he did know — of his aunt's will, deeply as it affected him. Ana I am now quite certain that the old man thought that David would not find out the truth before lie went away again, and so he would keep the money to himself. 'Don't tell him, Will,' said the old man, changing his tone. 'Don't interfere between David and me; it is dangerous. You don't know what mischief you may be doing. Don't tell him. As for George and Mary, I will arrange something. They shall go on at Sidcote as tenants on easy terms — on very easy terms. But don't toll David. He is a very dangerous man. Don't tell him.' ' I will not tell him anything if you will give Mary your consent.' ' David wiil not stay here long. When he has got — oh, dear ! — when he has cot some more money he will go awav. Don't tell him.' ' You have to give that money either to Mary or David. Choose!' I repeated. ' Who are you, I should like to know,' he asked, with a feeble show ot auger, ' that you should come and interfere in family matters? What business is it of yours ? Go away to London. Manage your own affairs — if you've got any. You are not my nephew!' r- That is quite true. I am George's friend, however, and Mary's friend. I am going to do my best for both. Oh ? Mr. Leighan, all your lifelong you have been schem ing and plotting to get money and land. You think that you have laid your terms so as to turn George out of his land, and the prize looks very nearly in your grasp. But David has come back ; that alters the aspect of affairs. You can no longer refuse your consent Tjnd hold that money in pretended trust for a man you believed to be dead. You must hand it over to him— the whole of it. I do not know whether he cannot force you to pay him back the interest upon it since it has been in your hands. You may be quite sure that he will extort from you the utter most farthing. Well, you have the choice. Either give your consent to Mary or prepare to treat with David. Why, you have said yourself, business before senti ment. Here is business, indeed, before you. Trust yourself to the affection of your niece and the friendship of George, the truest man in the world ; or else give your self over to the deadly hatred of a man who desires nothing so much as to revenge himself upon you. Why, he has avowed it. He will do you — he says it openly— all the mischief he can.' 'Iie is doing that already. And yet — don't tell him, Will — let us arrange something. George shall be my tenant. And when I die I shall leave all my property to Mary— Foxworthy, Gratnor, Berry Down, and Sid cote. Think of that. She will be the richest woman iu Challacombe.' ' No,' I replied. ' Choose between Mary and David.' ' I must have Sidcote,' be said, with a kind of moan. The poor man had certainly aged very much in a few weeks. He clutched at the arms of his chair, his fate twitched convulsively, and he spoke feebly. ' l have lost 60 much lately — I have suffered so horribly— you don't know how, young man. or you would pity me. I have been punished, perhaps, because I was too prosperous— you don't know how, and you can't guess. If I lose Sidcote, too, 1 shall die. You don't know, young gentleman— you don't know what it is to suffer as 1 have suffered.' He looked so dejected and 6o miserable that I pitied him, grasping and avaricious as he had always been. The ransom of his coupons, day by day, had entered into his soul, though this I 'knew not at the time. And now I was going to take away the only consolation left to hiin— the prospect of getting Sidcote and of keeping Mary's for tune ' I must have Sidcote,' he said. ' Then I shall go at once to David and fell him.' 'I must have Sidcote. Do your worst !' he cried, with some appearance of his old fire and energy. 'Do your worst. Tell jDavid what you please, and leave me to deal with David. I will ? ' He shook his head and pointed to the door. Very well, I would go and tell David. As the event happened, I should perhaps have done better to have kept silence. But one could not tell beforehand what was going to happen. In fact, I told David that veiy evening. He was sitting at Mb table, a large open book before him, over which he was poring intently. The window was open, for it was a hot evening and not yet sunset. A bottle of spirits stood on the table, with a tumbler and a jug of cold water, ready for drinking-time, which I gathered would shortly begin. ] He looked up when he heard my step outside, and shut | the book hurriedly. ' What do you want here?' he asked roughly. ' Why do you come prying after me ?' _ 'Don't be a fool, David,' I replied. ' If you come out side I will tell you why I came.' He hesitated a moment and then came out. Really, I think he looked more disreputable — that is to say, lower — than when he arrived in rags. A man. may, perhaps, be in rags and yet not be disreputable. He may wear them picturesquely; he may even wear them with dignity. Not that David was either picturesque or dignified on his arrival. Yet he looked better somehow than now, when bfl had been at home a manth. Strong drink and plenty °f it, the satisfying of revenge and hatred, the want of work and of exerose, bad already written their evil marks upon his countenance, which was bloated and evil looking. ' Upon my word, David,' I said, 'one would think we were old enemies instead of old friends.' ' Speak up, then,' lie replied, his eyes suspicious and watchful, as if I was trying to get into his cottage and steal something. ' Speak up ; let a man know your business. If you had no business you would not come here, I take it.' 'It is business that may concern you very deeply,' I said. And then I told him. ' Well,' he said, slowly, ' I suppose you mean honest, tin George Sidcote and Will Nelhercote watching David Leighan through Ihe s-hutters. — Chapter XIV. — To Call Her Mine. else why should you tell me? Perhaps you've got a score against ihe old man, too.' 'Not I, David. I am not his debtor.' ' He never told me. He might Lave told mo a dozen times.' David sat on a boulder and began to turn the thing over. 'This wants thinking of, this does. So the old woman had six thousand, had she Y She began with one, and Mary's mother had one— a thousand each ; and my father had Berry Down, ar.d Uncle Daniel he had Grat nor. She lived with hira, and he told her what to do with her money ; so in 40 years she made six thousand of it, and Mary is to have it if she marries with her unclc's conscnt, and if she doesn't I'm to have it.' ' That is exactly the state of the case.' ' If Mary marries George without the old man's con sent.' he repeated, 'he'll have to give me all that money — six thousand pounds.' ' Mary will marry George with or without her uncle's conscnt ; I can tell you that beforehand. She will marry him within a very few weeks.' 'Nay,' he said; 'rather than give me the money, he'd let her marry the blacksmith.' ' Well, I have told you.' ' Why,' he said, ' rather than give me the money he'd let her marry the devil.' At this point I came away, for fear he might try even to ! get beyond that possibility ; and the mess 1 had almost made of the whole business proves, as I have said before, that there is no excuse whatever for the best intentions. j (To be continued. J An idle word may be seemingly harmless in its utterance ; but let it be fanned by passion, let it be fed with the fuel of misconception, of evil intention, of prejudice, and it will soon grow into a sweeping fire that will melt the chains of ! human friendship, that will burn to ashes many cherished 1 hopes, and blacken more fair names than one. 