iiBoes' Column/.''' The CJhost. About thoyenr 1850 I wns on ono of our English India ships bound fium Boston to Cnlontta. We nrrived off the Capo oE Good Hope with fair weather to that point, but every one wns on tho lookout now for a blow from some cmnrtcr. Tho pervious evening one of tho lookouts during the midwntch hnd insisted ho lincl seentno Jr tying JJutahman, nnrt every ono knows that when that Ib tho cnae a blow or bad weathor in somo shape is sure to como, And como it did with a vengeance, for the very next night tho wind died down to a calm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first. Six o£ the old tars went tumbling up th'o wcathor main rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voico of tho second mate, n thorough old sea-dog, who sang out, ' Come, bear a hand there, you lubbers, and get on deck ngntn I' And on deck thoy wore again sooner than he or tho men expected ; for just as thoy showed their heads over the 'top' n deep sepulchral voico called out, 'Blows hard, Jack I' They wero staggered, nnd fornn in stant hesitated, when again tho fearful voice repeated, ' Blows hard, Jack I' That was enough; their superstitious fears overcamo them, and they did not Htop till the deck was reached, By this time the Captain and mate wore on deck, and were astonished to see six o£ tho best men on the ship como tumbling down, while the main-top-gnllant sail aud royal wero slatting iu the buntlincs as though they would blow away at overy flap. 'What's the matter? Why didn't you furl those sai Is ?'eaid the Captain. ' Matter enough,' said an old salt. ' You don't get me ia that main-top to-night. I wouldn't give much for anyone who goes up, either, for I not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, but heard him talk.' This was too much for the old skipper. Tho idea of losing all his sails because there was a ghost in tho main-top was loo much for him, bo ho called for volunteers, and started up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not another man would go. Those who had been up had seen aud heard enough, and those who hadn't did not care to risk it. Well, tho old skipper and his males fared no better than tho men, for hardly had their heads reached over tho 'top rim 'than, in the same awful, blood-curdling tones, came to their ears the words, ' Blows hard, Jack 1' and there, right in the 'dublins' of the mast, the Captain caught sight of two glar ing oyes, and along white arm reached down as if to clutch him, and down they all scam pered to the deck a3 fast as their legs would tako them. About daylight the steward discovered that a pot parrot belonging to the skipper had es caped from his cage, and wns gone, probably blown overboard and lost in the gale. Polly had, however, by hard work, managed to alight in the main-top, where sho had stowed herself in the ' dublins ' oE the mnst, and was holding on for dear life until she was rescued in the morning. KThe main-top-gallant studding-sail was lashed in the weather top-mast rigging, and the clew had blown adrift, nnd happened to flop down nt the Captain as he went over tho ' top' in the black darkness, and so was easily magnified into a ghostly arm, nnd Polly into the frightful ghost. 