True Till Death. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] (Concluded from last week.) NOON. BY POWIS. But the longest lane has a turning, and three years does not last for ever. The third anni vereary of Chris's departure has already come round, and the noon of to-day is as lovely as that other morning. Elspeth is tending her ferns on the long front veranda, and having all those gardening implements round her makes a show of being very onsy. Bnt she has in reality been standing just so for the last five minutes, holding a spray of maiden-hair fern in one hand, and her scissors half open in the other. She makes a protty picture, with her fresh muslin dress against the green ferns, her soft brown hair caressing her forehead, and her big gray eyes, with their wistful but happy expres sion, gazing away over to that line of silver light—the distant sea. At least Riok thinks so, as he perches himself on tbe veranda rail ana swings his leg. Also he wonders if he will ever be tired of telling the long tale he haa been pouring into her ear for several hours this halcyon day. " And ao," he says, changing his tone, '* he has never written to you all the time he haa been away. lam surprised at that. You used to be suoh friends, Elspie. Surely yon did not quarrel P" Elspeth raises her eyes to his faoe—verily a face that must pay for the scrutiny. Sunshine —sunshine within, sunshine without, sunbeams playing and glinting in his curls, filling hia eyes, and even lurking in tbe corners of his mouth; beautiful faoe, beautiful form, index of a still more beautiful mind, with God's sunshine at his heart; a son to make a mother's soul proud; a man to rarely satisfy the oravingsof a maiden's love. Then why does Elspeth look away and over tbe sea f Her love is here—has won riches and honour, and, crossing the sea, haa brought them with the treasure of his own great heart and laid them at her feet this very morning. Happy she who has won suoh a heart, and can wear it for herself. But Elapeth's voice ia sad. " No, we did not quarrel; bat he did not write to me. Sotne*—nes hia aother had lettei-s fromhim." "And he did ayjleadidly at collage I know. Of oourse he could not fail to do well anywhere! So then he went to eea six moatbaago—-instead of coming home to amort hia honours. And no one knows where he ia now, Elspie P" " No, Rick." " God gnat he is aafe, dear. Oar crowning happiness oould not be complete without him. But Chris oould alwaya take oare of himself. He is a aoble fellow, Elspie. But oh! my sweetheart, what am I that I should have all this? Once you aaid-—oh Iso long ago, do you remember ?—out oa the tennis lawn that perhaps when I waa a man I might not want you. And oh! if you only knew how I have Waited for thia day, when I oould oome—some thing worthy of you aad myeslf tell you what no letter could have done——»w through att theae years you have been my guiding star! atopic, aR that I ha-reo^me has beWt—rough yoa. lam rich, Elspie. I have achieved all that I have trndertakea, aad it haa beea you, Ebtpie. And now with yon, my darling, we will goon work ing and oonquering till we are aafe in God's heaven together, Ewpie." And Beholds her in his arms, and lauaraa in the pride of h— jor and hia strengh. "lad yon always krred me, Elspie P" "Always, Riok." Half aa hour later RJek b striding down the leafy road that leads from tha cottage to the house, whistling as he goes. Elspeth must see after dinner, aad Riok, not wholly unmindful of oreature oomforta in his gladness, has pro mised to return to that meal. "Only," as he says, ••Chris'** mother most have a show now"-—of himself I euppoee he means. Presently his whistling is broken in upon by singing. Someone approaching, far up the turn of the road. Riok can distinguish the tones of a man's voice. And anon, scraps of the song are wafted to him. "True, true till death. Bear it, oh! winds. Echo it, carry it." The last notes die away, then the song begins again. "True, true till death." Rick stops, with a glad thump in his throat. " Whose else voice could it be? 1' he ejaculates. And as the bend of the road brings him in sight: "Hallo, old fellow ! Bless you, old nun! This is a coincidence! Why, you were never quite in tune?" And Chris, breathless and bewildered, is clapped on the shoulder, shaken by the hand, commented npon, questioned, and complimented, and soaroely finds his senses till with his arm locked in Rick's he is asoending the hill to Elspeth's home. " Why, you were going tho other way, old chap. How's this now Vr " Oh! I was going to pay my respects to your mother. But of oourse now I'll leave it, and turn with you. You know, Chris" And all that Chris is burning to hear, and fearing to ask, is rapidly, artlessly, told. And how could Chris fad to congratulate and re shake him by the hand—even as though his heart was as light as Rick's own 'i " Yes, I got home an hour sinoe. Just saw mother, and was taking a run up to Else. No, I never wrote to her. There was so little to say, you kuow. And then what mother heard, the would too. Yes, I got on fairly well. As you Bay, a fellow might turn his hand to a few hotter things. But I always had a wish for the sea. Of oourso I'll etay now and see you through, and then I'll be off again. No, it isn't likely I'll change my mind. I'm a man now, you see, and things stiok firmer. I don't care so much for making a name, or anything. U things crop up, well and good; if not " And you never wish to be married, Chris! Why, I've t*onu-tiines thought, what if you should have got to care for Elspie 'i But then you knew she belonged to me; and you're as true as steel, both of you. What is that you were aiuging coming along i Yes, stay— 'True till death!' I like that; it suite my feeling for Elspie. In troth, I think it would suit us all three; she" "Will be true till death," says Chris solemnly. In faot all he does say savours of solemnity now—even when he turns to Rick, and, regarding him anew, breaks out in astonishment——"why, what a height you are ( and—why, you're a monster! You took me so by storm, that really!" "Same to yourself!" laughs Riok. "And the width of your shoulders, you know; and— why, man, look at your arms!" "Yes, there's tome muscle there!" says Chris, with a bit of the old self peeping out, and showing himself not entirely vanquished. And, the old Chris returning, he finds his heart fail him as the dear familiar place oomes in sight—and deems that he needs a little privacy to aid him in regaining the new man, and a becoming exterior; so " Rick, you go in by yourself, old fellow, and tell her. 'Twould be too much of a shook getting us both on the same day; so I'll put in my appearance later, and obtain my first sight of you both together." Wise Chris! Riok and Elspeth are standing in the porch when Chris, with his head thrown back and mouth set firm, marches up the gravel path, and a few yards from Elspeth bares his head, and makes her a low bow. And she, with a heotio flush on her cheeks, and her eyes like stars, but without a smile on her face or a word of welcome, oomes six steps to meet him. and simply puts up her lips to oe kissed; and as they perform that simple act how could Riok know it was to re-register the vow, so bitterly, heroically, made, almost in that some spot, four years ago P Bat ah! Elspeth is not so brave aa she thought. She has not heard his voioe yet. Though she could bear the sight of Chris with his same old sweet mouth, she is not proof against that, and with the first tones she starts and trembles; then, with a little cry, clings close to Rick's strong arm. " Elspie, dear, what is itP" says he, hurt and bewildered. But she is calm now, and with a light laugh frees herself. But Riok, not satisfied yet, and turning with questioning glance to Chris, sees for an instant a dark pained look that strikes a ©hill to his warm breast, and oasts a momentary gloom over the bright day. But perchance (t was only fancy, for Chris is the gayest now of the three, and recounts with noisy mirth doings that bear little reference to anything in par ticular, and make Riok wonder. Bat Bspeth looks interested, and aits back in her chair with her hands carelessly crossed, and a smOe on her parted Ups. "Good-bye, Chris," says' Rick. «I»ve no time to spare nowadays, why, I haven't fur niahed the house yet I'll take train half way, and go overland to make np for lost time. Thank goodness, we'll all be together again soon. And you'll bring her, old fellow, and be my best man!" "Oh! 11l be your best man.'* And he means it. "God bless yon, Chris! 'When next we meet" WIQXT. Elspeth Is startfod by Chris's soared face in j the doorway. A newspaper is in bis hand. "Else, have yon seenP Oh God, I hope it is not true!" Elspeth tries to read, but her eyes swim, and her hand trembles. Bhuedly she makes oat: "Bridge broken—Floods—Carriages tele sooped—Smashed to atoms—Boiler burst—All lives lost—No, a lev exceptions, terribly " Pot your arm round ma, Chris. Oh! was *# there r "Yea, dear, wa fear so. No, then is no mistake, Elsie. I have telegraphed. We shall know to- night Lean on me. God help you, my darungT" Night, and Chris appears again, and hands her a telegram, signed "Rick," and "at home." " Chris, oome; bring Elspeth." "While there is life there is hope, Else. Steamer starts to-morrow at 10. You have not much time; yon won't delay. Mother will see after uncle and the boys." Alone, for the first three days, pacing the deck, or wrapped in his rug, Chris, with firm calm face, restlessly watches the foaming waters, ursorutuuses the sullen gray sky. How he longs to fathom what Fate has in store for them, and dreads that the foul weather only augurs them ill. Little children, usually Chris's delight, now simultaneously keep the other side of the deck, and watch furtively the cold stern man who neither eats nor takes notioe of anyone, save now and then to ply the stewards with eager queries aa to the welfare of his charge below. On the third night she a beside him, with a face pale as his own; but a sweet wistful ex pression thereon, which makes him inwardly marvel. Alas! Chris, could yon but know for yourself some of the sunshine of Rick's heart, or the serenity of Elspeth's, that makes each so dear to you! Hand in hand, they walk the deck, their hearts too full for words, and hand in hand, on the next night, they enter Riok's hushed room, and staud beside his bed. " Riok, I have brought her," says Chris in low deep tones. And the beautiful head, with its sunny ourls limp and dank now, eagerly raises itself, and the bright eyes get back some of their departing lustre as the dear womanly face bends low over her prostrate knight and the strong young arms encircle him. And then the ghost of his sunny smile returns. " Sweetheart," he says, " I sent for you. I see now; I ought to have seen long ago, but I was solfiah and blind. It was Chris that you , loved. It was Chris that loved yon—dear brave Chris—and I stepped in, and oh! my my darling, had it not been for this your lives had been spoilt! But it will be all right now. Yes, it all came to me, lying here—your sad little cry, that I could not understand then— the ahadow on Chris—my noble Chris, that would have fought on, and been true till death, supported by you. But there is no need now, I understand. She is yours, Chris; take her. Stay! Irisp mo onca," and he puts her hand from bis own into the hand of Chris. " Oh, I love you, I lo?e you /'' cobs Elspeth. " Ah ! yes, my dear, but you love hint more. Take her ont, Chris, and oome back yourself to me, old man. lam getting tired, but I have something to aay to you.'* So Chris and Elspevh. with shaded eyes, leave ihe duiet room, aai Ghri**- presently re* turning and kneeling by Riok'spilloW, tenderly wipes his damp forehead. " Chris, dear old chap, I oould not say it to her—it might have hurt her—but lam rich, and when I am gone you will find that I have divided equally between you. Chris, the light is going; call my mother. She will he very lonely;" Elspeth, her head against the tviriiow case* ment, her hands olasped at her heart, prays as ahe has never prayed before. "Oh ! God, forgive me ! Give ma baok my Riok." Too late now. Tha gray sky frowns her an answer. The door opons and closes behind her, and Chris's big arms are round her. " Hush! Else; it is over now. True, true till death." 