MR. DAVID BUCHANAN ON PROTECTIuN. (Ev TLLi:t;aAPn.) UATHl uaT, w eJnesnay, — .Mr. iJavtd Bn- chaoan addre-sed a crowded meeting of about Tub last night on protection. He used th" usual arguments, ard accused freetraders und the Sydney papers of talking twaduie. He said he dud not waut to argue with small men like Pulsford. He had just come from an encounter with John Bright, and Bright never uttered a treetrade argument which he (Mr. Bucbauau) could not rnswur with a word. He was aware that the freetraders and uewspapera iu i Sydney were not a«n annul to compare New South Waiu.? wiiu Yicto.i.i, with not halt her j age and" ith nut a iittti of her area. One would think these men would be ashamed of | them-eive. It frtietrade was any good we ; should be live times ahead of Victoria— a ' thousand miles ahead and out of sigh:. No : J New South \Va!e« must take second p ucewhen compared to Victoria; and he would throw thi? m the teeth of the treetraders in Sydney — they put down manufactories at 2J,UU0, while in Victoria only L'ouu wore set forth ; but iu Vic- toiia more norsc-power ami h ind? were a?e l, while tn thi coiony every little black- sumb'i shop was called a manufac tory, An oM woman on the Miuigee-roa 1 made lemon Fquashes, and her place even had oeen set down as a manufactory. In Victoria there were bona tide manufactories, but in Sydney where were they 'i t here had beou some here and there, but they had to give up tho ghost or were struggdng to keep life iu them. Statistic? would prove that Victoria wa? a gre ater country than New Soutn Wale. Her population was greater, and the very figure which freetiade paper? quoted showed 'how benign had been the influence? o> protection. : Ttavre wa? ft iot of twauule in a Ba: burst pap r ; about iii-lus:: -i going hIohc. They did not j tries did not dieuu of allowing their ir.d.i?;iie 1 to go .iicue. u ay, u prmeetian was taken from i hem. a flood of foreign imports would ruin them. Whatever gieaihess England had in the past was due to piotecLiou, and f-he had it for centuries. At the clo?e of the meeting several joined the Protection Union. 