T^FLTHE SALVATIONISTS ALL SIGHT. _ ..„E AWD USBABTHLT PBOCEEDDTOS. fa the Melbourne Ttkgnph, AH journal is resarded aa the organ of SOUS sections, remarks =— ^ifh- Salvation Army is responsible for JLastrange developments. It dslights aj W bat the most novel of them all limov»w • fc^rethe,. 0£ its soldiers for ^ " ^ ^ Sach a festival for vms cfl'ed, was commenced at 10 Sto^oa'Wednesday night.and terminated E MULATES part 6 o'clock on IFCIWDAY 4 -..-seven hours and a few odd •A?™"? FATO which were compressed some ®^INARY proceedings. From banning F^THEA&IRWASA; scene of WOD, mad- ^RELIGIOUS enthusiasm, and though it solong, those who took part in it aTfullof fervor at Hie end as they ~ the commencement. The "all WERE . R> SERVES to terminate the ^J^^A^nriVVar Conference of the The place chosen was the ^"Tn® HaU and it was originally in floor bat ^WMSOgreat^" beoBmenece8 " te<Ti^theVleries, which were ra- ^JfinET The card of entry apedfied P'Vjf^tobe in their Beats beforell andtoaxrange to stay until the cono dock.w<l«a™« These directions wl wmpli>rlith by the 1000 or TaW present, though a few took a f o M 'r^e openiigofthe doors at m.dniRht to • ™ tTthlir homes. It would scarcely !ri™dited that amongst the ojngregation with sucking babies, mrls of J^Tand upwards, unaccompanied, and ^ AUdxeT- yet such was lie case. It I ^ S S S . however, that tie meeting ^iSedfor adults onlybut so great r \ r enthusiasm of the adherents f *Tarm7 that its officers have not the tart WuseTdmittan^ to any Nearly SMS men wore bright acarlet jerseys, embroided with mottoes and startling texts, j the majority of the women dad in the poke bonnet and sombre S which the organisation encourage,ta Sreis to adopt At the upper ead oftte touoww. -r teHe covered with red TS ITtke head ol which Commissioner ^ W r i Barker, and Colonel ttetoadan of the demonstration, M e i r ^"Youmust totie ,meeting. »>d the first named ^ ^ ^ m n g - the tableat 11 ^ w t " Ton have not come here because Tt feY novel meeting, but tobe blessed;" then there was a hymn, the refrain of Sid, was repeated half a down times to every verse. "Now someone pray." called the commissioner, and the words were hardly out of his mouth when an officer re soonded. What he said could only be heard bv these close to him, for his starting was thesunul for an accompaniment of groans and wails of the most distressing description. Nearly present were under the most intense emotion; everywhere there were shouts (literally) of various devotional phrases. In tkis way the all-night of prayer opened. Thr occasionally uplifted faces cf the worshippers were marked with the snot intense suffering. Men and women alike grovelled on the floor, rubbing their text and hands in the dost. Their bodies •were contorted into the most trying positions. The shrieks were more like those Dante tdlsof than of the saved. For ten minutes this dreadful noise continued, while prayer after prayer was offered. Then ame a chance, as Colonel Pollard jumped the table and commenced singing a verse <i Speak, Lord; speak, Lord} for thy eer- Tint heareth." Music is said to have a smoothing effect; it certainly calmed down the Salvation Army, for they came to their knees, and with ckuped hands and bent heads toot up the words, ranging diem in a slo<r, dirge-like fashion, and repeating them muy taa many aud many a time. As the Jut notes died away a man sprang to his fat, and shrieked, screamed, yelled—no void can describe it—" Oh God ! speak tome." His features were drawn up in a fearful manner. Had Parhasaos seen that fase he would never have tortured a slave to ™jnt agony. Then came the Lord's Prayer; bat qualified, twisted about, and embellished in such a way ajs'-to-make it almost anrecogaisable. This is another innovation—decidedly not a good one. There is notiiingin language oootainingso ranch in so little;nothing mare beautiful, more sublime, yet more simple, than the words to which Christ himself gave utterance, " Our Father" does not require improvement. If the officer? of the Salvation Army think it does, thev have mistaken their gifts. Colonel Barker followed. He is the most popular «&cer; of the organisation, and e.part from all other questions, there were many present who otred their rescue from lives of drunkenness and shame to ha agency. Therefore, as he rose, there were loua cries of " Glory." " Hallelujah," and similar exclamations, which were continued with vigor all the time he was reading oat the next hymn. Following was a reading of Scripture, the chapter being explained verse by verse as tat readerwent along. Then Commissioner Howard delivered a little address. Such a meeting brought them all on common ground, broke down the sectional fen=es which existed. It was heart work that w wanted that night, because if religion •were to be divine it must be a heart matter. Practical homely illustrations abounded in this address, and an it went on, strong men, like weak women, bust into paroxysms of cobbing, probably as good a thing as could have happened, for it nerved to reduce the shouting and groaning which, «p to that time, had been going on almost uninterruptedly. But the quiet thus obtained does aot continue, for praying re-commences {•mediately the commissioner has done speaking, andBO do the moans and wails. Sreh praying exhausts, for the beseesher, in bis efforts to make frimaJf heard by the people, shouts in an astounding way. Bnt lie'loader he shouts the more noisy do the usvering cries become, and thus intense enatcment is created in a few Beconds. There is a repetition of the floor scenes anything but pleasant to look at. The wint o5 a proper system leads by-and-iye to half-a-dozen praying at the same time, and Bore confusion until, after »longinterral, Colonel Pollard commences. His voice quells the storm, and his prayer is touching. Oilonel Pollard is a new acquisition to Victoria, and after Colonel Barker is the best officer in all respects that the army has in the colonies. He succeeded in doing in Kew South Wales what the last-named gentleman has done here. Some addresses followed by the majore of Tasmania and Kew Zealand. These speeches tended to nise the enthusiasm to a greater pitch than ever. Major Wright, of Queensland, came next, and then there was more prayer and repetition of past proceedings, terminating at 1.40 a.m. for refreshments. The change was remarkable. The agonised faces became cheerful, and there was chatting, laughing, joking badinage—where a moment before iudjbeen groanaandwaila—whiletea, biscuits, and cake were banded round by the officer*. It was an agreeable interlude, as much for the one spectator as for those who were taking part. Thirty-five minifies were none too many, but punctually at a quarter P«t2 a.m. the cups andeaucera were on the uoor, and the devotions went on as if they hid never been interrupted. This was be wfldeiing and astounding. Tea is not a re nurkable stimulant to excitement, bnt nevertheless the enthusiasm grew hotter than ever. Someone called for Brother Somebody, and a stout elderly man, whose appearance might best be called Pick- Wickan, jumped to the table, flinging MB COM from MM and delivered in his shirt sleeves a Btartling and painful address. There Is no other name for it. The names of the Almighty, the Saviour and the Holy Ghost were mixed np and associated by thiB tpeaker in a way that shocked; and, if any- Wnng, the speech was made more shocking oy the laughter with which it was received, and the sound of the chinking of money into the plates which were being handed round for a collection to dufray the costs of the reireriiineiit. He went on for some time, •'tvl .included by singing a liyrnn,, interit with another Beries of irreWjrent tiTincd else. a T At twenty-five minutes to three o'clock matters culminated in a scene which beggars all description. It arose from a number of simultaneous prayers, and every moment the noise grew greater, until the hall was filled with one sustained body of sound, whioh pained the ears excruciatingly. This is not exaggeration. The leaders seemed to lose their control. Every ™n and woman present save the one spectator was greatly I excited. They jumped to their feet, danced, I clapped their hands, hugged, kissed, and embraced one another, and nttered in tha 1 most thrilling tones exclamations that it| would be irreverent to repeat. Many threw I themselves to the ground; but, astonishing I to say, none of them were hurt, though the i fall would have injured an ordinary being. 1 Women shrieked and children cried, and so it went on until at last nature asserted herself, and this burst gradually subsided until there was sufficient quiet for the commissioner to start a hymn, which as usual had a pacifying effect Then Colonel Barker read a number of requests for prayers, and ordered the congregation to kneel and pray for themselves, instructions which were obeyed and this brought the hour of three o'clock round. The next twenty-five minutes was spent in singing and listening to an address from the feev. W. C. Banning, and at twenty-five minutes past 3 a.M. the commissioner called on all who wanted " a full cleansing" to come down to the redcovered table and get it. There was a rush | at once. Finally a nnmber of officers who have been promoted were sworn in under a I flag, to which they raised their right hands j and took the oath ; and thus at ten minutes past 6 o'clock terminated this extraordinary scene of religious enthusiasm. 