THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I would not have troubled you with this letter but that I must place myself fairly before the public after tne statements of Mr. Schultze and Mr. Healy. Mr. Schultzea letter scarcely merits reply until he comes to the statement referring to the ammonia. He said I should and Mr. Evans would probably cover our heads if teased with a bottle, &c; Of course we should if we were awake. As to continuing the investigation, 1 distinctly stated my belief, but said if they were anxious I would continue, aB ot course I might see something to alter my opinion, though I might see something else to confirm it. I here append the followingMr. Schultze stated in our presence that he would allow ^ >V. A. JcneB to continue the investigations, and would be willing to admit on fair evidence that the child was producing the knocks or was awake making them. Signed by W. A. Jones, Kirkham Evans. June 2 '" He states in his letter that he would not do as I requested re letting the child sleep awav from home; but he does not state that I offered to sleep in the houBe of the child, and sling her in a hammock for any reasonable number of nights. Ha does not state that I offered him a bed as well as the child a hammock at my rc-sidence as long aB he doubted. 1 distinctly stated, aB I do now, that the child can do this, and we will continue to let her sleep here until the ghost ia fairly pickled with the vinegar of my scepticism. I can safely leave Air. Evans to answer for himself anything referring to him alone from either of your correspondents. As to myself, my first visit to the child was in response to an invitation from Mr. Rodighiero. The child had been here nearly a week before 1 vi=itfcd it, and when I went on June 1 I found Mr. Qealy in attendance. Our reason for wishing the room empty was that we Ehould have (1) periect Bilcnce, (2) nobody outside the family to charge with collusion. We were anxious to have the father present. Our reasons for this we keep to ourselves. We were also anxious to have the Rev. Mr. Hancock in, and we admitted him. As to the knees, Mr. Evans must answer fw himself;'bnt as to putting- '" in the box, I ' .. - - f f e loot tn 1--'- IG, and told Mr. Schultee her foot, -which he did, and i theii made the box rap out tar louder than the knocks of the evening by clicking the kneecap. In this way the sounds were not similar to those we had heard but superior to the " ghost" raps. The experiences of one evening would scarcely be sufficient to judge the child by, hence my continuous investigations. They are done now though, unlesB Mr. Schultze has anything else he wishes me to see or unless he takes my advice. I have seen the " fits," and am ready to prescribe for them, but the medicine I offer is too nauseous to be acceptable. Mr. Schultze makes muchof the raps not coming every night and so do I, but my inference is different. According to Mr. Schultze the knockers won't rap if you go too near the child, or if you get on the bod with her, &c.; But they will xap when he is in bed with her. They rapped when Sises's brother was ta bed with her. They rapped when her brother Was ~ with her down at & hut close by. They rapped when I was close to the child in the dark within 3 inches of her without her knowing it, but they stopped the instant I slipped my hand down under the clotheB to the locality of the sound, which appeared to me to come from the chest walls, and where 1 found the child's two hands closed, A light was struck, and I "was told I was too waB 110 close * t>ut I closer than the fouad ^ 'had been" whom I bed wiiil - lcr ^ entered the room;, d a and who was remo. t _ m y request. Xhey rapned the night when we ^ere closer to the child than Mr. Evans and mya?!b but we were all on one side of her, ana she was on a narrow mattress on a boarded floor, and s little of the rag was overlying the floor, so that the child could rap without her hand being seen. They stopped suddenly on that same night when I suddenly and silently reached down and placed my hand in a sliding manner over where I concluded the child's hand to be, and the <: knocker" distinctly pulled its " hand" from under mine, and it slid past my hand into the bed. However, 1 kept the "bridle on." It would not rap again when I put a white pillow on the floor that side of the bed and tucked the clothes so under the mattress that the child could not touch Hie floor on ttint tide ci the fcc3. wittwrat' reaching her hand out of the bed and over the white pillow. The raps did not come when the child slept with the servant of the house one night. The raps would cot come on the night I placed tlie child in a hammock and told her I could recognise every rap she could possibly make then, &nd; explained to her how I could localize the sounds if she made them. The father, by-the-way, on that occasion said he did not expect it would come on the hammock, but at one of the supports or on the wall of the building. This was a galvanized-iron wall, so I rendered it impossible for any one to approach that wall from the outside without my having warning. The raps would not come when Mr. Evans and I were on either Fide of the child, out at least SO inches away from her. The raps did come when we were about 30 inches from her, and both on one side. They came when I ifBB within 2 feet of the child, on that same night, and Mr. Schultze said, "Ask it to knock under your feet." I did ask it to come, but it wouldn't. But it did knock for a second under my hand when I stretched it across the child to where I thought she was tapping with her hand, and then it stopped. Uiey came when the gentlemen from Petersburg were present, and were very near her. and were listening to the "whispering." They came one night under the child's feet,, according to Mr. Eodeghiere, but they stopped wiien he took hold of her feet. Raps didn't come when I placed phosphorus on the child's hands and tucked them outside the bed, and kept abcut 4 feet awajr from her a but I heard a few knocks by my side in the vicinity of somebody's foot, and suddenly swinging down my arm, caught hold of a leg. I am prepared to swear to the owner of that teg. On another night the raps did not come after I put phosphorus on the child's hands and again tucked them outside the bed, at least cot while I was present. And now. Sir, in connection with that powerful bottle of smelling salts. One night it was a lucifer match. Another night it was the bottle first and then a stronger bottle, viz., my pocketknife. Tbe next night it was nothing at all but my fist. Another night it was a bottle of Bome essence or scent handed to me by Mr. Rodeghiere from the shelf of his shop. Several times it was my finger • nail. On one terrible occasion it was my thumb and forefinger. At another turn it was my thermometer bulb. At one tune it was actually the shadow of the thermometer which was not within 9 inches of her. You must understand that on many of these occasions care was taken to do enough to make a cute child guess that I intended putting the saltB to her nose. The mere mention of this operation with the fictitious bottle would cause that child of unnatural sleep to steal her hand over her nose, to strongly resist tbe removal of her hand (I suppose I shall be told that was a muscular fit. It fits in well my evidence), to duck her head round and bury her face in the pillow, to cover her face with her arms, to actually pull up the bedclothes over her face. The mere act of sliding one's hand along the pillow with any of the bottles mentioned above was quite enough to make the child frown and flinch, and as the band approached to well cover up her nose it actually causcd her to open her left eye one night, I can explain why her left eye, but it will take too long for this letter. On one night 1 sprinkled lampblack on the floor, and the ghost actually blackened the child's knuckles. I am prepared to swear to this. I am, Sir, &c.;, Biackrock. W. A. JONES. A celebrated painter, taking the portrait of a lady, perceived that when he came to diaw the mouth she tried to render it smaller by contracting her lips. " Pray do not tiouble ycurself so much, Madam," lie exclaimed. *' If you like, I will draw your face without any mouth at all." WuoLtsoME AHVICE.—Under the heading One Counsel per Day," a provincial paper has the followingPoisonous fungi are one of the scourges of humanity. Carefully avoid tcsti>i</ those which after they have been eaten kave a bitter taste in the mouth." He (tenderly)—" Aud what do you think of the engagement ring I sent you, Gertie She (delightedly)— 4 ' Oh, it 13 beautiful—in fact, the handsomest one I ever had Riven me!" "Won'tyou sing, Mrs. Moneybags?" I have not tuiig since I was married." " Lut you were a perfect nightingale before." " Nightingales never sing aflcr they have made their nests." Caller—" I would like to see your husband if he is iu, Mrs. Snaggs. I am a taxidermist, aud Mrs. Snaggs (interrupting— J hen it isn't necessary for you to see hi;u» eir, lor he paid faiistasw Ifttf wsek." 