the 'storyteller. J»y Success in Literature. CHAPTER H. I travelled with strangers and felb glad that it so happened. A friend had become an object oO dread to me. Arrived at the home railway station I was pleased to find the railway officials nfi iTilonan r\ fc an/1 i-ocinAnffi.l *. n _.. -«._ One or two of my poorer neighbors also, whom I had mot as I wlfced to the house, greeted tuo with kindly looks. I began to feel more cheerful and to believe that 1 had left my night mare — whatever it 'was— behind me. Near the house I overtook and pnssed the mortgagee of the place. I remember my son-in- law had eaid something which implied that he had given my wife no trouble in my absence. I Btopped, therefore, to thank him for his consideration. He took my thanks rather oddly, aud seemed embarrassed by them. I con cluded that he was a more modest man than I had imagined. Arrived at my own .gate I was sur prised to see the air of neatness and prosperity about the establishment. Some repairs had evidently been exe cuted. The garden was in perfect order. A new set of tennis nets and balls encumbered the lawn. It was clear that my family was at any rate not suffering 'from lack of money. Lord Selcover's generosity must have been immense to justify such extrava gance on the part ot my wife ; and how could immense generosity be compatible with his greeting of me1? He could not have supposed that I had intentionally choated him. Here was the mystery again, but in a pleasanter form thau that in which it bad met me in London. The maid who opened the front door for me, of course rushed away with a shriek, although she knew that I was expected that day, my son-ia law having written on receipt of my telegram, to break the news to my wife ; but people of that class never can deny themselves the luxury of a good fright. She explained afterward \- that she ' couldn't but think it was master's ghost, after all,' when Bhe saw me standing on the Bteps. She was the same maid that we had had before I left home, but her appearance was altered as much as that of the house ; her cap was neater, her apron more pretentious ; she had no longer the Bloyenly and casual air of one con scious of over-due wages, and more proficient in the art of bringing in im pertinent messages from the trades people than of receiving distinguished visitors with politeness. I could see this iu spite of her hasty departure. I' made my way on to the dining? room unannounced and there I found my eldest son sitting with the youDg lady to whom he was engaged. Willie received me pretty much as I might have expeoted him to do, with a mix ture of awkwardness, affection and self- assertion. He had been having fine times in my absence as. the head of the house and the idol of his mother and he might well feel aggrieved that this position should be snatched from him. But there was uo mystery about him. He was frank and natural enough. I turned to Lucinda. Her very presence in the house was a sign of my wife's extravagance at a time when she ought 'to have been hubbuudiug few riicmroes to. tba utmost, entertain. ing no visitors and arranging for the future. But I had always been good to Lucinda. 1 had treated hor as a daughter, in spite of the imprudence of Willie in forming an engagement so young, when he scarcely earned enough (in the city office where I had placed him) to pay his own oxpensee. Therefore I smiled paternally on the young lady and advanced to greet her with the usual kiss. To my surprise she retreated, put her hands before her mue, nnuBaiu, uair crying, \lno, i can t; I can't indeed. I don't know how you can expect me to.' Then she fled pre cipitately from the room. I looked at Willie in amazement. But he gave me no explanation. ' I think you oughtn't to mind,' was all he said ; ' of course it's likely that Bhe will feel like that, I'll go and tell mother you'r here.' When I met my wife I felt that I had cruelly wronged her in imagining that she could have anything to do with the mysterious unplaasnntness hanging over me. She might have been extravagant and thoughtless in my absence, bnt Bhe was full of rapturous delight at my return. To her I was everything that I had ever been, and a hero into the bargain. I could hardly get her to believe that 1 had not actually been buried and dug my way out of my grave with my own hands. ' What you have gone through 1' she sighed, sympathetically. ' How can we ever make up to you for what you have suffered V I did not like to trouble her in the first joy of our meeting by any re ference to the unkindness of my Lon don acquaintances, nor to vex her by any hints as to her own superfluous expenditure. She assured me that the children were all well, and that she was not in want of money. ' I may say that we, are bettor off than we ever were,' she remarked, ' and it is all your cleverness. I always felt sure that some day or other you would do it.' I did not understand her, for I thought she could not have always felt sure I should be loft for dead in Africa, but as there seemed no cause for anxiety, and no need to take immediate action, I was willing to defer all ex planations until tho next day. . 'I ought to have gone out to dinner this evening,' my wife remarked, ' to the Simpsons, but, of course, I shall send an excuse now.' She was saved the trouble, however; for a few minutes afterward a note was put into her hand which she read with satisfac tion. ' How very considerate of them !' she said ; ' they have sent to say they won't expect me.' 'Rather odd of thorn to take the initiative,' I observed, aud put out my hand for the note. 'Dear Mrs Rodney,' so it ran, 'we have heard of the fortunate return of your husband, and fell sure that you would not like to leave him in order to keep yonr engagement with us. We have there fore decided to put off our little din ner for the present. With congratu lations, yours sincerely, Amelia Simp son.' ' I wonder they didn't ask me too I remarked with a doubtful laugh ; 'perhaps they were afraid I might do do it without asking, so they sent this preventive.' ' Nonsense, Tom. The Simpsons have been very kind, not like some people.' ' Everybody has not been kind, then ?' ' Some people are so jealous. And you have been so much talked about' with placidity. I did not press the Bubjecfc further, though it struck me as curious that any fellow's friends should be jealous of the fame achieved by that fellow's death among strangers in a savage country. I was glad to be once more in my own comfortable home — more com fortable than ever with the chairs recovered and a new hearth-rug — within sight of my smiling wife and delighted children (Lucinda keeping in the background with Willie) and not inclined to hurry into an unplea sant topic which had not urgency. I next morning I slept late. When I got down stairs my son had gone off to town and my wife was busy with a dressmaker. ' With the crape taken off and a little coloured trimming you could wear it perfectly well,' the woman was declaring as 1 looked into my wife's special room. There was an unmistakable widow's bonnet on a chair end a very handsome black silk dress spread to its full length before the thoughtful eyes of my wife and her professional adviser. I decided not to interrupt them and went into the garden to look arouud. Here my impression of neatness and general improvement was confirmed. Everywhere there was a change, and a change for the better. My wife's clothing and that of my children had alone the old, shabby, worn-too- long look, but this was now accounted for by the fact that they had hurriedly put off their new black clothes to re ceive me. Other things indicated tho presence of money ; they also indicated the absonce of me. Whon I opened my wardrobe it was full of my daughter's drosses ; when I went to my writing- table I found the top drawer crammed with letters in a fine writing signed Lucinda ; my son's razors were in my dressing-case, and my private box of cigars was quite empty. These things I was prepared to note with philosophy : my return had been sudden, and my wife had not had time to clear away all evidence of my having been supposed to be done with such things. She was beginning valiantly with the dressmaker ; and I waa willing to appreciate her efforts and shut my eyes to trifles which sho could nob desire me to see. What I wuW art Hadwfltaad wMhew q{ renovation in the establishment itself and tho absence of any new furrows of anxiety in the couutenauce of its mistress. Prom the garden I strolled into the road, and then it occurred to mo that I might as well go on and call on one or two neighbors, who lived close at hand, and who would certainly be glad to see me. They had nothing to do with London, or literature, and could not be jealous of the fame J had involuntarily acquired. I was yearning for some of that warm welcome and enthusiastic interest which my adventures ought to have secured for me. At the first two houses my friends were not at home. I knew their habits, and was surprised at this. I went on to a third house, and there I was shown into the drawing-room and allowed to wait a long time. Sundry books were lying on the table, and I amused myself by looking into these. Three handsomely bound and rather thick volumes attracted my attention. I took one up and opened it, My own name stared at me from the title page, and underneath I saw the magic words : 'Fifth. Edition.' None of my surprises had been equal to this. I felt like one in a dream. Here was my great work evidently written, printed, published and succes f ul ; and I could remember nothing about it! Could my African fever have destroyed my memory ? Had I, . before I left home achieved the long contemplated masterpiece and left it in tho publisher's hands. Impossible! A. mother may forget her sucking child, but an author cannot forget the fruit of his brains, the offspring of his genius. My genius had been childless of that I was certain, and yet — three bulky volumes closely printed, and 'fifth edition' on the title-page ! I was so much dazed by the sight of my own name and those two most un expected words underneath it — two words significant of fame and fortune in my chosen world — that it did not occur to me for a moment to look at the title of the book itself. I began to turn over the pages instead. I caught sight of names that I well knew, and plunged into the middle of an anecilote. Could I ever have writ ten this ! And if I had been so ill advised as to put it on paper, by what misfortune had it got into the printer's hands 1 'The editor of Scandal is a man whose own life would sell half-a-do/.en numbers of his pspor if lie would con sent to relate tho disreputable side of it' — why, that very editor had been one of my most reliable employers in the past ; he would never print a para graph of mine again ! And what came next? 'The meanness of Lord Sol cover in money matters is notorious. If he has not inherited the apron of his shop- keeping grandfather, he has kept the calculating faculties and tho grasping disposition of that immediato ancestor unimpaired.' I felt myself going hot and cold. No wonder that 1 had been cut at the club and passed unnoticed in the Lon don streets. I cast my eye to the top of the page, and saw printed there, ' The Diary and Recollections of the late Thomas Rodney. This, then, was my great work, and the one by which I waa to be known to the world ! It had had a large sale. I understood now why my wife had a a full pocket; but it mast have alienated me from every friend I had in the world. I had prided myself on my shrewdness of observation, on my quickness in detecting the faults of my acquaintances, and I had amused my self by noting these down for my own edification, and for consolation in moments when 1 realised that I was undervalued by the world. Now they were all printed and published ; my comments on Mrs Simpson's bad dinners, my references to Lucinda's false hair and scheming ways, my disguBt at my son-in-laws bad manners and want of polish. I turned over page after page, and read with a terrible interest all that I had recorded there. Most of the names were dis guised by the use of initials only, but the disguise was a very transparent one. The greater the reputation of any person whom I mentioned, the severer was my criticism upon that person^ oharacter. I showed up the heioes as disguised cowards, and the philanthropists as secret cheat s. I revealed to a delighted world the strong provincial accent of an elegant writer, and I pleasantly horrified serious people by some telling anec dotes regarding the life of an eminent divine. No man's Greek was safe from me, and no man's home was sacred. There was nobody whom I had ever met, of any consequence in the world, about whom I had not put on record something which he would have desired to be forgotten. If any man succeeded in escaping my criticism himself, he had someone belonging to him whom I had dragged into un pleasant publicity. A fastidious father had a daughter who made her self ridiculous; an over-scrupulous mother had a son whose morals were too lax for a continued residence in his native country. Everybody's cup board-door was thrown open by my nimble fingers, and his household skeleton stood revealed on my caustic pages. I was so much absorbed in my read ing that I did not notice the entrance of my friend, and I was only aroused bjr. theTemark : ' Terribly interesting, s it not ? Everybody finds it bo.' I looked around with a start and saw that my friend had taken a seat behind me, and was watching me with an ex pression of intense amusement. I stared at him blankly. 1 did not know what to say, for I had just road an anecdote to the effect that his house was dirty and his habits inhospitable. 'He ojught to be thought of witlundul geflge,' go. J b,a.d concluded, 'because. &a; so seldom asks any one to (asto his very bad wine.' My thumb was on tho paragraph, and I hnd not the presence of mind to remove it. 'Ab, I seo, where you are — page2lG, Vol. I, Capital fun, isn't it? My copy always opens there. Everybody's copy has a place where it opens natur ally, and they are all different. Our friends look it up when they come to see us. I put a marker in mine to save time. It's had a roaring sale, that book has. Everybody recommended it to somebody else ; it waB a revenge and a relief to one's own feelings. 'Have you seen Rodney's book, and how he cuts into So and so ?' Then the fellow would get it in a hurry and find himself there. Ha ! ha !' I put the book down slowly and with difficulty. It seemed to stick to my fingers, so that it followed them as I took them away; and fell with a crasli to the floor. 'It 'was never intended for publication,' I succeeded in saying. 'For publication ! Of course not. But nobody knew that you had it in you to do it all — a feeble sort of good natured fellow like you ! Tour wife's made money by it, I suppose ; paid the mortgage off your house and invested a lot, so they say,' 'Then Lord Selcover did not find the money V 'No, Lord Selcover had. a row with them to begin with ; kept your journa and papers all to himself ; said it was in the contract. Tour death and those journals sold his book fasfc enough ; but this one has quite put it out of court.' 'He deserves what I said of him,' I declared ; 'but there was nothing ? in those journals like this ! ? 'No, there wasn't. Well, how do you enjoy your welcome home ? Everybody glad to see you ?' Aud the fellow grinned in an ecstasy of enjoy meat, I have only just discovered this,' I answered, abruptly, with my hand on tho second volume, 'and I think I had better go home.' 'Perhaps you are wise ; I can't ask you to lunch. I don't mind for my self, but my wife wouldn't stand it. She has never got over that about the dirty house. Our servants have had a sad time since ; and it's the very same wine, 1 intend to stick to it now ; famous brand.' He showed me off tho premises with the air of a man enjoying a capital joke. When I reached' home I sought an interview with my wife. I tore her abruptly from tho occupation of superintending the removal of Lucinda's travelling trunks from my dressing-room, into which they had mysteriously intruded. ,So you have published my diaries aud private notes !' I said to hor with a groan. Tes, dear, and they have had such a sale and brought us in heaps of money. When Lord Selcov6r behaved so badly about your African journals and got all the profit of them — a great deal more than he paid us all together — people said to me it was such a pity that there was nothing else of yours to be published for my benefit. I knew that you were always taking notes of things, and that they were so clever, so shrewd, as people say. So I showed them to a pnblisher, and he said they would sell like wildfire if brought out at once. And so they did, to be sure, and made you quite famous and relieved me of all anxiety,' 'But the personal allusions, those should have been left out.' 'Well, some one did suggest it; but the publisher said the market value of the book would be destroyed. We were very careful not print names when it was better not, and I am sure it is wonderful how nobody can con tradict anything that is in the book; It was so clever of you to find out so much ! ' 1 Why waa I not told at once yester day?' 'Well, Willie would have it that you would be angry, so I left it for a while. But I was sure you would not, be annoyed you never wrote any thing, of which you would be ashamed.' I did not know what to answer, but I sighed a little. ' You always intend to write a great work,' my wife went on, and now it is done, and no trouble, and it has made a little fortune for us ; and you ought not to mind what jealous people say. People are always jealous of a great man.' ' I am afraid my success has driven mo of England forever,' was all I could answer her. And so it proved to be. 1 had not a real friend left, but I made a thousand enemies. Every opening was closed to mo, every door was kept shut, iu my face. There was not a house except my own in which I could sit down and feel .that I was welcome. Even my son turned sulky because Lucinda quarrelled with him on my account. They had a stormy interview before her departure, which took place the day after my return. ' I forgave him when I thought he was dead, but now that he is alive I ca-an't.' So I heard her sobbing through the open door as I went down the passage. .' Ho didnt mean you,1 said Willie, valiantly. 'Who could he mean by 'the calcula ting little simpleton with somebody else's hair,' except me ?' wept Luoinda. 'It's uncommonly hard on a fellow to have to go through this sort of thing,' Willie said to me reproachfully after, ward. 'I don't know anybody else whose father ever put him into such a hole. When people go in for boing dead and all that, they don't UBually make any bother afterward.' I thought the remark unfeeling, but I was prepared to make allowance for tho awkwardness of the boy's position. My married daughter Clara came 0Y9V tQ B@e Jjje, an,d. faer yig^ ftd. jgg$ give me unmitigated pleasure. 'I am very glad yon are alive and at homo,' she assured me, with an air of injury, 'but I can never ask you to my house any more. I had to make Edward promise to say nothing toyou that first day in town. He is certain that that remark about the broken-nosed young man with the vulgar manners refers to him. And though I am sure you would nover write of him in that way — for his nose io hardly crooked at all aud his manners quite good — I don't think mamma ought to have let that sentence be published. But she is so blind and careless she never notices anything'!' : Many people who had forborne to quarrel with my wife on my account now turned their backs upon both of us. Sundry threats reached me of impending prosecutions for libel, and my position was altogether an unen viable one. I got out of it as soon as I could. My son-in-law bought my house in the hope of facilitating my departure from England : T sold my goods, left my son to be married to his Lncinda and carried off my wife and younfgor children to Australia. The threats of prosecution came to nothing ; nobody liked to take the initiative. My ac count of my late adventures in Africa sold well, following the masterpiece, and I was told by the publisher that further hooks of travel would be favorably looked upon. 1 shall have to spend the rest of may life as a traveler. Nobody who knows me will havo anything to do with me. Wherever I go my book follows me, huth visibly in its stout volumes and invisible in its influence. It is only as a nameless stranger that 1 can get welcome or admittance any where. No beauty is so certain of her charms no sage is so confident of his wisdom, 'as voluntarily to risk an interview with mo. My book has brought me fame and fortune, cer tainly, but it seems to have made me for the rest of my life a social out cast. — Macmillan's Magazine 