SPORTING. THE TURF. Racing men are asked to assist to-day — the opening of the season— -at the meeting of the Canterbury i'ark Race Club, in couuection with which such good rusuitu are anticipated, out it is qucstioiiaoie whether, (kpite it being the oc casion of a bank holiday, the attendance would not liave been larger had the races tauun place on Saturday. Tue sport, however, is nut likely to be regulated by the number of persons present, and whether the crowd be large or small, the racing ought to be particularly good. Uali'-a-dozeu races are set down Jor decision, the opening one being timed tor 1 o'clock, and the curtain will be drawu down with the .Stewards' Mile at -LU0 p.m. .Since the club's last meeting many improvenfbuts have been effected on us property, and the road on either side «f tiie eutratice gate has been rendered much better going than it has ever been since the inauguration of the institution. A special tram will run at 12.1a p.m. lor tue convenience of those who are unable to take advantage of one or other of the raauy ordinary oues, and tbe usual supply of 'buses and cubs will be in wait ing at Ashfield station. Larger entries than over beiore have been received, and the much- desired cud ought to be gained. I. Foulshaui, the Victorian trainer, is said to be booked to leave Melbourne tor Sydney on Moudav next with Mr. W. C. Cooper's horses. Mr. Alfred Page, one ot the remaining stud- masters in Tasmania, has been elected a mem ber of the Tasmauiau Legislature. No less than 8UU horses are to leave Mel bourne by the s.s. Port Jacksou iorvjLidiu. Among them are many rac-..norses, including Goldeu Gate Brinicuiao, Basu, Starlight, Tue Ghost, Patience and a filly by Piseator. As soon as daylight had sufficiently advanced on Saturday to admit of any galloping, Moore showed out with Fearer and Cutty Sark aud treated them to twice round the iuuer tram at Randwick. the pair concluding with a fast mile, und the former ran home ui frout in liuin. Sffsec. Pawnee, Recruit aud Cuirassier followed, and rattled over the same distance, but made no time, still Recruit had many lengths the best of Pawnee, and Cuirassier was beaten off. Long steady work was given to (Jakwood, aud Rebus bv hei3olf iegister«:d three-quarters in lmin. 23sec. Frisco had Stormnird tor a companion for two miles and a half steadily, with a strong run over the last round, aud a similar morn ing's work was given to Matador. Long exer- cisa at about threu-qiuiiTor puce was what Mitrailleuse treated tue ouiookers to, and then Eolhwell, a goud-iookiug col; by The Assyrian — ErJani, and a late addition to Mr. C. Roberts' stable, strode along gently. Aristocrat com pletely smothered Aty during a ruu frotu the seveu'furloags post in Anything but fast time, aud Faro with a companion got over a similar distance. Goldeu Crown woiked slowly. Alter breakfast Deva got over a mile anil a furloug slowly, and then stepped out for another turn at au increased pace, fol lowed by Adventurer running three-quarters iu lmin. 2;isec. The u'hi.om Queensland representative Goldenstoue did nothing beyoud a long canter, neither did Uncle Ned or Pick pocket, but African and Little Dick made many friends by the ease with which they registered once round, after going a niiie in Jrnin. IHsec., and the latter finished slightly iu frout vvitn Ms mouth wide open. The las; mile was registered in lmin. ;Y2sec. Tusearora had a slight call over Kingfish at the right end of a fast mile, aud Sloth plodded through two miles at a good strong pace. A loi?g canter, and then Sandy aiul Perth broke away for three furlongs, the former finishing in front rather easily, and Arista beat her companion us she liked in a set to over three- quarters. Unique and Agues did : DOLUing ueyuuu »iu\> uuu iiutuwuuu puueu over Soldier's Wind alt the way through a gallop of twice round, of which the last half was done at an extended pace. A fast six furlongs wound up a couple of circuits to Winnie aud Bslvoirina, and then Athlete brushed home last over the concluding three furlongs of a Blow two miles. Le Prix placed on record three-quarters by himself bi'liuiu. 22isec. followed by the New Zcalandurs Rocket and Vinaigrette going slowly. The others belonging to the same stable, viz., Spade Guinea, Teddy Yuille and Pasha concluded two and a-half mile, with a strong once rouud, and although the first- named cornea with the best reputation, Pasha may be looked upon to pay his way well also. Long steady work was doue by Yetinau aud Home Rule, and after them Bonuie Jean and the Yespaskuj-llabena colt totted up throe fur longs in -Iffsec. Volcano and Acme came next from the far side and put in two strong circuits, the last in 2uiin. I2sec., aud the concluding five furlongs in lmin. llsec. A fast mile and a furlong by Glen Elgin, and ho retired, and then Stamford" and Bowmont did half a mile iu 57sec. to wind up along canter. Plutarch, ap parently a trifle latne behind, cantered once round with the Derby, colt Craubrook, and then broke off at a good Biiff pace from the half mile. Plutarch dropped out after passing the stand, and sometbiug else taking bis place, carried the big cheMiui along for the remainder of once round, which he did, iniuus his shoes, in < 2min. Usee., aud the last six lurlongs in lmin. 21sec. Goffiust beat LoueStareasily in a run from the six furlongs, which occupied lmin. 2ffsee., and Toronto had Utbo at his mercy from end to' end of seven furlong iu lmiu.iUsec. Five furlongs in lmin. 1-lsec. after cuutering was what Alge rian and Observer were treated to, and Auray had a little the better of a six-furlong gallop with Jessica iu lmin. 28sec. Both Trial Fours and Clarion were unequal to the task of thoroughly extending Laucer, when the trio made play over three-quarters at the end of a long canter, and the veteran got botne easily in frout iu lmin. 2-lsec. Aberdeen, Perfume and Carlvon were companions over twice round, which they concluded by ruuniog five furlongs together iu lmin. 8&sec.;, and finishing side by side. Abercorn, which moved as though very sore, was accompanied by Ptolemy and Neo phyte, their morning's task consisting of twice round, cantering the first time and increas ing it for the other ; and the Derby colt threw the soreness off towards the end. Although running very wide all the way, Tilua beat Fairfield easily over six furlougs In lmin. 2oi«ec., and Scuttei field fhnwed his heels to Wodouga at the end of a similar journey in lmin. 28soc., Matlock, which jumped off" in front of them, holding his owu throughout. Morok and Trident wore put together, and after cantering once round stepped out lor auothcr tarn at a good stroug pace. Oceana, Phaon, Lady Garrington, Corobau, Sentence and tuauy othe'rs were out, but only cantered. Arsenal, Cairo, Victory and Comus. worked at a good strong pace on the tan. It is said that the racehorses Kingfish, Rose bud and several others will bo submitted for public competition in a few days for the purpose of dis«olviug a partnership. Racing men interested ic horses entered for the Melbourne Cup are reminded that the first forfeit falls due to-day. Horses remaining in after 4 p.m. become liable for another " five?." The annual general meeting of the Victorian Racing Club takes place to-day, when a highly satisfactory report and balance-sheet will be submitted to the member. The deceiving grey Alison, by Epigram, from Foxglove, is now owned by Mr. E. Weekes, and hi destination is probably India. Before tho matter goes to o far the committee of the Canterbury Park lUce Club ought to consider the question of altering the conditions of the Two-year-old Race which is to be run at the meeting on the 20th inst. No objection cun reasonably be taken to this club inc.udiug such an event iu one of its programmes, aud the distance, furlongs, Is quite long enough for the commencement of the season j but the weights are not sufficiently high to allow of tho youngsters being properly handled, and in order to make the race what it ought, to. and doub.- i !'.» wili, be, the feature ot the afternoon, a large field must be attracted to if;; pj.R. Thi-i, ! tious. as lads who caa ride decently Jt 7.t. 51b. or 7.?:. b'b. are too few and owners will prefer to keep their youngsters at home to having them knocked about in the hands of compara tively use. ess boys. The question is deserving the eariiest consideration of the responsible body. Judging by last Saturday afternoon's ex perience at ihe New South Wales Gun Club croutids, betting ou the death or e.-.cape of pigeons is becoming almost as popular and heavy as when associated with borseracing So extensive was the speculation that about £3o0f) changed hands over the competition for the presidents trophy, and each fielder" find a big balance to his credit at the close of the proceedings. A syndicate comprising a mem- b.r of the ring, a publican am? an ex-cliampioo peci. landed three "monbeTS the winning- of another bookmaker as we.l as owner of iace- uor.-ea ran wen on 10 jinc uuikuj i-;-. «um other backers of the birds told of a Kub-tanti-il ! balance on the right side. Among the principal loser? who stood by the lmii '.wm a popumr ; horseoa ner, his account icictung to £7oJ, :uii j numerous other backers suffered for upward of i £2u » each. '1 he o?v ju. however, w a? the fir,; gv ui ainuing turn the ;ienie:s i.av-; h.»,; «» r .vjiiie weeks— vj they A champagne iuu- cLeon j'ieccjt-.i the shooting. New York has been put into work again in the sister coiony. The Australian racing season of commences to-day. the Canterbury Park Club having the honor mtaeiH-d t<» open ing it, aud every horse in the colo nic cutms on another year, he or she being, as it were, a year olser now than they we»e yesterday. Yearlings then are now two- year-olds, the two., of yesterday aie now thieey. and «o ou with the three, four, five ana »ix year-olds: aud it is not tuu much to say that there promi-e to suiiie, especially from among those which are celebrating their third birthday, a much better class of horse generally tuau the 1 ju-t departed seasou told of. , Kntrie close to-day for the V.A.T.C. Steeple chase (aud suv?.), Sapling Stakes, Hurdle Race, f&Riiig; Slakes and lia.aclava Stakes, and Moonee Valley Cup and St. Aloans Handicap, and all are interesting. It having been found impossible to train The Piunger, Mr. Jacobs has decided to dispose of him lor stud purpo-es. ' The Victorian colt by Fiist Kicg — Yard ley j has keen named L:in<lale. I There wasu't a gieat deal of wagering done on Saturday, and tne Melbourne Cup alone attracted any attention. Burines?, however, was so bad that in order to fo-ce .speculation " knocking-out" prices were offered against a few candidates, and at lObU to 10 the following found support : — Algerian, Moorbank,W;lleroo, Recall and The Australian Peer. Entrie for Widiamsiown Racing Club Han dicap of 400 s/'vs., one mile an J a furlong, close at 4 p.m. to-day, One sovereign will nomi nate. Visitors to Randwick racecourse on Satur day morning were not at all taken with the Derby favorite, Abercorn, which moved as though he was not only very sore but slightly lame. His exercise consisted of once round slowly and thun a second time at an increased pace, and ho moved gingerly all througn. U may, however, be nothing more than extreme soreness, which would make him appear mcie : ami that the former is not necessarily faial to his Derby or Cup prospects is proved by the condition of both Le Grand and Grand F.aneur prior to ?everal of their most important victo ries. Still it certainty does not enhance bis pruspecta. ihe manner m wutcu uis stable companion, Craubrook, is being .-rent along in his preparation shows that the blue and white banner is determined, if possible, o have a worthy second string. Weights for Queensland Turf Club handi caps are promised to-morrow. While exereisiug together at Randwick on Saturday morning Moron attempted to bite Tiiuent, but the champion avoided it aud re mained for the rest of the gallop outside "chewing" distance. C. Canavau, a veteran jockey, died at Dublin in May a; the age of Ui). A rumor was current on Saturday evening to the effect that the committee of tiie Liverpool Jockey Club bad decided to con-i-lcr the dispute between the bookmakers and the public over the Pace Handicap won by Atricau and a meeting for that purpose is to be lioUi to-morrow. Should this turn out to be correct, it will be rather a curious proceeding on the part of the Liver pool executive : not that their ability to Bottle facing disputes will be questioned, but the prize has been withheld from African for the solo purpose of referring the question to the A.J.C., ami now it appears that the L.J.C. intend doing what was expected of them at the time the disputo arose. Races are announced to be' held at Cassilis on Boxing Day next. ' Our Xowusville correspondent wires : — "Petronel has beeu bought by Mr. "W. Mobrav for 2UU hovs. Thirty-three nominations have been received for the Charters lowers Sapling Stakes." 