THE FRENCH GROWN JEWELS. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE EX-CHOWN JEWELLER. Tho French Crown jewols which aro now be ing exhibited in the Louvre, and wcro sold by auction on the 12th May. It was finally decided to part with tha heirlooms four months ago, though the Senate was somewhat stiff incoming to the conclusion. Tbe Chamber of Deputies loug since mado up its mind 011 tbo matter. Re publicans thought thoy might just as well mako a littlo money out of tho old trinkets, nnd they have resolved to establish a fuud for tho relief of injured and invalid workmen with the proceeds of the sale. It w&b; agreed that tho jewels with au historical value wero to bo preserved among the magnifioenb collec tions which are in tho public gai eties of Farie. Rut how aro these to be distiuguishod from the gome without a history ? Tbo fact is that tho commissioners appointed by tho Government, though no doubt excellent diamond cutters, able to approximately fix tho commercial value of a brilliant or a ruby, woru uuable to identify eomo of the principal jewels in the collection. Thero aro others about which thero is nob the slightest doubt, and tbey will bo preserved. Tho man who perhaps, knows most about theoe jewels is M. Germaiu Bapst. His father, grandfather aud groat graudfathor wero tho ollicial jewellers to tbo Kings. Ho possesses tbo means whereby tho diamonds inay be iden tified, for his business house in tbo Kua d'Antin is full of documents relating to thom. M. Bapst was urged by tho Government to join tbo commissioners, jbut declined for reasons that will bo easily understood, lie is ono of the prlucipal diamond merchants in Europo, deals with tho reigning raonarchs, and is no doubt still jeweller to the Comic do Paris and the Napoleons. A Farit; corrcsondeut of tho Pall Hull Gazct e called on M. Bapst to get eomo trustworthy iofonnatiou regarding tho historical treasures of tho Crown, and sends us tho following report of his interview : — u Do you wish historical information or something about tho present Btate of the dia monds ?" inquired AL Bapst. "Both? Very good. You see I have here all tho existing official documents relating to the jewels of the Crown, the others having been destroyed dur ing the Commune. Thero in that bookcase you see tho registers of tho Crown Trea sury, and these drawers aro full of official dossier" And certainly just at that moment M. B.ipsfs room looked more liko a lawyer's ofiiso thau anything else. Somo moro than ordinary precious documents wero framed and hung about the room. One lloyal deereo at his elbow showed that his grandfather was appointed jeweller to tho 41 Roy" in 1762, and un ancestor on tbe maternal side preceded him in tho same high office. "The Parliamentary Commissions, began M. Bapst, "havo shown that they wero incapable to deal with the dia- j moods. They did not even know when tho i Treasury of the Crown was created, and fixed it 'in 1061, instead of 1530, thus ignoriug a century and a half of tbe existence of thoso jewols But in any case it is a monstrously stupid thing to sell these diamonds. They have played a most important rule iu tho history of France. They havo utood out agaiusfe laws, decrees, thefts, and pillages, and havo extri cated the country from it3 political difficulties more than once. Now, that thoy aro to be dis persed, the Government should consider whether this ia a good time to sell. Thero havo been recently some grcut sales of diamonds but no good prices wero realised. Thoy wore bought by diamond merchants to sell again, aud not by private colloctois, Now, iorthediamouds which the commission consider valueless to our museum?, apointon which ns I have said they wero uuable to fix, thero will be no competition among buyers. As for tho diamonds of his torical value, tfiey would look just as well in our own museums as at Berlin (and Germany is tho principal buyer for museums lo-<lny), tvhero Friuce Bismarck would no doubt label thom thu Jewols of tho Crown of France.' But thero is not a great demand uveu tor historical diamonds just now. Hero is the proof. The famous diamond, tbe 4 Sanoy,' which once formed part of tbe Royal collection, was ex posed for sale in the Champ do Mars in 1867 at the sum of 700,000 f., and it is still in tb6 market (it is in Iudia just now), and at a great reduction." With tho aid of an article which M. Bapst published recently in tbo Ilcvitc des Dcilz Jfondes and other authentic innteriul, I shall sketch briefly tho history of tho Crowu Treasury. The reconciliation of Francis I. nnd the Emperor Obarleo V. was marked by the marriage of tbe King of France to Eleanor of Austria, nnd tbo establishment of tho Crown treasury at Bor deaux in Juue, 1530. The collection at this lime was valued at 3,675,267 1, and included tbe famous C6te <lo Bret&gnc.; Some changes took placo in tho Treasury in tho reign of Henri 1L. during which time Diana of Poitiers woro tbe diamonds, aud had them at tho King's doatlu At tbo instigation of Catherine da Mudicis, Francis IL reclaimed them. Among tho most valuable in tho collection at this time was & cross of several brilliants, valued then at over a 1,000,000 francs, aud a superb table diamond which Francis bought for about 000,000 francs. Catherine woro the diamonds when Queen, and when Regent under Charles IX. naturally continued to look after them. At this period, but for tbo disputes between two Eugliih diplomatists, the be3t diamond in tho crown of Franco would havo passed to England. Catherine wished to retain Calais, and offered Elizabeth 120,000 crowns for it, or the be3t diamond which Frauce possessed, which at that timo was tho yrande table, as it w&s; called. The representatives of Elizabeth wero not at one ou the subject, but afterwards took the crowns. When war broke oat with the Get'- mans in 1560, Catherine was obliged to borrow a huge sum of money, and gavo tho diamond in security until the money was reimbursed. During tbe reign of Henri -III. nearly all tho jewels again loft the country, carried off triumphantly by victors or pawned. In 1533 only one stouu remained. By the time Henri IV. married Marie de Mddicis, all bad fouud their way back, no ouc knows how, to the royal coffers, Thi3 king augmented the coflection considerably. The famous old " Saucy," so- called alter the Bwiaa General, who was, a sort of diamond merchant for Henri, was then iu the collection. Saucy Sold it to James II. of England. Tins diamond has a wonderful his tory. It has been lost in the field of battle aud in the ballroom. A workman has used it to strike a light with, and thou sold it for 2 p. Mnznriu, with the consent of tho Queen ol England, took it along with auother historical gem, tho Mirror of Portugal, from the Duku of Epernon, to whom tbey had been sold by Hen rietta of France. The Sancy was stolen iu 1792 and has not sinco formed part of tbe French collection. Joseph Bonaparte found it in. Spain wheu he ascended tho throne. Not withstanding all its peregrinations this sfoue, once Worth more than 1,500,000 f., cannot flud a merchant to-day for 500,000. The Mirror of Portugal, which has been carried iu tbo crowns of three countries, may be still in the Treasury. AVheu Louis XIV. camo to the throne the collection was at its best. M&zariu; left him 18 beauties, which he mounted on a grand chain to decorate hss royal nock. In tbe collection there was a fino blue diamond, which is now in tho possession of Mr. Boresford Hope. The collection remained the 6anie until Louis XV. was kiug, iu 1722, wheu Claude Koudo mounted tbo famous coro nation crown, headed by a fleur do lis, the central poiul ot which w&s; formed by tho Sancy. The magnificent 44 Regent" was then added to tho stones. Tho Duko of Orleans bought it from Pitt, the Governor of Madras, for 2,500,000 francs. It was placed iu tho centre of Louis's headband. Marie Antoinette one day, wishing to appear as dazzling as possible, bedecked horaelf with nearly all the ror&t; diamonds, so tbat it was impossible to distinguish which was tho Queen and which the diamonds. This brilliant array had such a fatal effect ou thu king that but for the intervention of his council he would have mado a present of the whole set to hor Majesty. Then cuuiu the groat theft. In 1791, when the tho diamonds were quietly smugglca away under the noses of tbo National Guard. Tho thieves scaled tho house wi;h ropes unci ladders and carriod on the work of pillage for four or fivo days until all that remained of 25, OOP. 000 of riches was ouly worth 500,000 f. Several persona were executed for tho theft, but the real thieves probably escaped unhurt The deed has frequently been attributed to Danton and his colleagues. Some of tho trea sures were found at once. The Keguut was afterwards discovered in a wine shop. Until Napoleon became Emperor tbe jewels belonged to the nation. Under Napoleon the collection was considerably increased. He bsd the Regent fixod in the hiU of bis sword. In 1814 tbey wero carried off to Blois by Marie Louise, but were remitted to Louis XVIII. in 1815. During his reign no chauges were made iu them, except that ha presented Wellington with a cross of the Holy Ghost, valued at 650, COO f. All tbe stoues were remounted for the corona tion crown of Charles X., and continued iu the same stato until 1854. Duriup tho Republic of 1848 tbey were considered national property and guarded in the Louvre. Sinco 1815. M. Bapst aid the jewels had remained pretty much in the samo condition. " They were remounted at different periods," he added, "aud in 1870 were placed under tbe care of M. Routand, Governor of the Bank of France. In 1375 they were placed in tho cellars at tho Ministry of Finance. My father estimated them in that year at 21,000,000 francs. It is difficult to say how much they are worth to-day. Their intrinsic value has certainly diminished ; but I should not liko to say, (or instance, how much tbe Regent is worth." The estimates of thu Government conftnission varied from 12,000,000 to 40,000,000. The Regent, which M. Bapst considers thu finest stone in existeuce, weighs 136J carats, but originally, before Pitt had it out ui Loudon, it weighed 410. It isabsolutely froo from flaws or stales, and is, as Saint-Simon described it, "a brilliant inestimable and unique in the world/' Next ia importance in tho collection ia tho jewelled sword of Louis XVTIL, oue of tho finest pieces of taste ami worktflanship ever produced. Thero are two diadoms, known as tbe Russian and Grecian, two nauds (knots), and the tjrandt tcmIIc oil mounted by tuo lato M. Alfred B&pst;, which must also bo preserved. Then there i9 tho " Cote de Bretagno," a ruby of 200 carats. It was first mounted in a neck lace, and had tho furm of a Roman A. Catlm rino do Mddicis had it sot with nine pearls. In 1583 it was valued et 600,600 f. It remained iit the Treasury until 1749, when The Crown jewel ler mounted it in the order of (lie Golden Fleece. Gay, the engraver of Mdme. Pompadour's cameos, gavo it, tho form of a dragon holding the toistn in his mouth. Nobody knows how tho " Goto" came back after the thoft of 1791. The enormous official documents of tbo Revo lution which would clear up this and otherraat- tora arc atill lying in tbe urchieres and at the National Library unclassified and uncataloguod. " This was one of the stonos which was doomed t>y the Commission," observed .M. Bapst, "and probably tbero exist others equally important which they havo mistaken." Thero is not room hero to nolo all the blunders which M. Bnpsfc has detected in the reports of tho Commission. Thu Commission, ho says, has only found seven Moz&rms; out of ten, which thoy say wero left. But Mazarin, according to his will and the inventory, loft oightecu instead of ten. " One tl Big which tho Gorornment ought to con sider," resumed M. Bapst, "is that among tho jewels aro 600,000 f. worth which belonged to Napoleon I. personally. Ho bought them with his own money, and wan always credited with the sum. If the diamonds aro sold then 600,000 1'. of tho proceeds ought to go to Napo leon's representatives. Napoleon III. having renounced all reclamation on the subject of the confiscations of 1814 und 1815, the present representatives of Napoleon are, according to tho terms of his will, tho officers and soldiers who 4 fought for tho glory and independence of tho nation between 1792 and 1815.' " 