CHAPTOR VI. Mr. Beaten Leatherhead fills UD- ft few blanks in the story. > My esteemed friends, though not all clients, \- have most oheerfully > responded to my request for assistance in telling this veracioua story. Xt now only needs for me to add the foots of i which I in my confidential oharacter of soli ! citor to the family became cognizant at a somewhat earlier 'date than some others of our friends. I allnde to the facts connected with my esteemed friend- and client^ Sir TriBtram Broadmere's abduction and subse quent romantic return, I shall be brief and -a-compendious, merely premising that the following information reached my ears from various souroeB, all of a reliable nature, and a good<deal of it from the lips of Sir Tristram himself1 when he achieved the power of arti culation and learnt to express the thoughts which had so long lain a silent puzzle in his mind, in speech, and-a- caligraphy. Sir Gilbert Broadmere had made a ""gipsy marriage" with a beautiful gitana whom he had raet on RotherhamKaceoonrse-a proud, ambitions, passionate girl as ever dwelt in the greenwood tent or the city mansion,, and bewitohhagly beautiful, as are most of the women when young of her vagabond raoe. Mrs. Blnmpett has teld how he travelled with his gipsy bride. and how he left her in Spain, I have _ nothing to do with love stories, and I will add nothing to worthy Mrs. Blnmpett's very interesting narrative, excepting to say thatby a "gipsy marriage, as I understand it, is meant some very irregalar and altogether savage ceremony connected with jumping over a broomstick . or jpining hands aonoss a camp-fire, or some . thing of that sort. As to the legal responsi bilities of any au& contract, neither civil nor religious, and completely outside the pals of the Chnrch. and the voice of the law, I desire to express no opinion. 1 jpmp from the parting in Spaia to the night of the storm'which destroyed a portion of Eotherham T<jwera. That night, as yon have been told,, the young heir, Tristram Broadmeret disappeared; how and where to we long failed te discover. HiB nurse was killed by the lightning, and it is now a fact | in evidence that dnring the orash of the I tempest and tb»confuBion arising consequent ! upon the partial destruction of the west : wing the young Tristram was abducted by the,gipsy woman Esmeralda, then a returned convict from Van Dieman's Land, who had made her way to Eotherham Towers that memorable ovening, bent upon some suoh scheme of kidnapping revenge for past real or fancied wrongs. I am neither oounsel for the Crown nor the prisoner in this case, which belongs more properly to the court of I ore. I have nothing to do with love stories, as I said before, so 1 express no opinion as to the wrongs being positive or imaginary. Sir Tristram tells me that he, starting np in his bed in terror at the storm, faintly remembers shrieking for help from his old nurse, and then like a dream seemed to follow an awful hush, in the midst of which be saw a cloak - enveloped woman glide hastily into his shattered room and seize him -Btruck deaf by the shock of the storm-and carry him off, then he remembered no more. The next thug that dawned upon his mind was a ship in mid ocean, ana he a weak invalid child recovering from some strange illneBB, biam fever probably, whioh had de prived him of speech, and being kindly attended to by the same mysterious dame who bad carried him away from his grand father's home on the night of the storm. There was likewise a handsome middle-aged man, her son, who queerly reminded him of somebody he knew. Once be fancied he must have dreamt he had seen him on Botherham Racecourse in a cart drawn by donkeys or something, and selling pills; but owing to his illness and the loss of hear ing and speech it was all vague and indis tinct and unreal. Of course this preoious coaple were the gipsy woman Esmeralda and her son, the quack doctor, Elderberry-fier son as he afterwards provea to be, and as he later on called himself Dr. Clayinolder, of Barsholt's Folly. Of the life in Australia it would take too long to tell here, even if I had all the facts at my fingers' ends-a life of ops and downB, of wanderings from one buBh township to another, of sliceB of luok and good living suc ceeded b) hard times and a crust-that is, an " Australian crust," which appears to be about equal if not rather better tban an Eng lish whole loaf buttered; a life of strange ex periences and wild, rough Burronndings, and at last a long period of comfort and gradually growing prosperity and increasing respeot ability. The doctor had discovered a gold mine, and was in full practice, with a most lucrative practioe too, as a self-dubbed M.D. with a gipsy diploma. If " gipsy marriages," then why not "gipsy diplomas?" By all means let us be consistent. Then came the voyage home to restore the lost heir to his ancestral halls, the revenge having either worked itself out in the old hag's heart on the death of her " gipsy hus band still consistent, Sir Gilbert Broadmere, or the clever Dr. Clayinolder, having some scheme of marrving the young man to his daughter, Zella Woodward, a teacher and female attendant at the High Thames Asylum for Deaf and Dumh. I am disposed to think this latter was the scheme, but have t no positive evidence to offer in support of my hypothesis. We were unable to obtain any information bearing upon this part of the history. Why they should have kept Sir Tristram entirely nnedaoated, even in the mote's alphabet, was no donbt attributable to their de»ire that he shonld learn nothing of his real birth and position and thus spoil their plans. At any rate, whatever might have been the idea of Dr. Claymolder, his leading card was tramped by oar Sir Tristram strangely enough straying unconsciously aoross from Barsholt's Folly, which the doctor had pur chased, to Botherham Towers on the night of the second storm, described by me in my previous chapter, and coming to hiB senses there in hiB old room, and recovering hearing and speech again by the same means which bad deprived him of them-by a tremendous flash of lightning and crash of thunder-the Tepetition, as it were, of the shock of some fifteen years before. But the doctor, not to be outdone, cun ningly Rot his daughter Zella Woodward soon introduoed into the Towers as Sir Tristram's instructress. A sweet oreature, and most amiable and marvellously clever extraordinarily clever. But not liked by onr Miss Gwendoline, whom I oertainly thought a little unfair- unreasonably prejudiced at the time; but, dear me-umph!-I am dis posed to think she was about right in her estimate of Zella Woodward's character. But a sweet creature, truly a charming young woman for all that. We had a deal of trouble to prove sufficiently satisfactorily Sir Tristram's identity, but bit by bit we pieced it up to gether-a hint here, and a stray thread there, and a link somewhere else, and the chain of evidence was soon made complete. Oar Miss Gwendoline "never had a doubt," as she delightfully expressed it, "from the first;" but, dear me, the credulity of the ladies iB as charming as their wondrous intuition in such cases. At the same time, my esteemed friend and client, Mr. Pi^ott, and myself felt pretty clear in our own minds also " from the first," to quote our Miss Gwendoline, that in tbe young man of the storm we had strangely found our long lost Sir Tristram Broadmere. Otherwise, he would not have been permitted to remain a trusted guest at the Tower. And in worthy Mrs. Blumpett Sir Tristram had a strong and very valuable ally; also in Bingle, the butler at the TowerB. The influence of Zella Woodward over Sir Tristram was something] altogether won derful from a psycological point of view. I don't believe in mesmeric force and Borcery or any of those sort of fads of crack-brained people, who would take up with any new sensation if only it smacked of diablerie or smelt of a ghost. But Zella Woodward's influenoe over Sir Tristram was de cidedly uncanny, I am suie he truly loved his cousin, our Miss Gwendoline; but at the same time I am equally compelled to own that "to the best of my knowledge and belief" he would have followed Zella Woodward to the end of the earth if she had said the word, and if we firBt had not managed to get him out of the way of her eyes. Dear, dear! I can't help thinking of those eyes myself. Tut, tutl And had we not at same time quietly dis posed of the old gipsy and her BOO " Doctor Elderberry or Claymoulder," or whatever he chose to christian himself, and Zella, beautiful Zella Woodward, his daughter, to "parts beyond the seaB"-induced to re turn to the antipodes, partly by gentle pres sure brought to beer and partly by quiet hints of certain factB known to us " from information received." So we sent Sir Tristram travelling with a good tutor on the Continent, and dropped a word into the ever polite and attentive ear of Dr. Claymolder that the myrmidonB of tbe English law were, alas! noted for their lack of all hospitable feelings towards a returned escaped convict, albeit one of the gentler sex. Sad as it was, they would not have suoh a one in the old country: she must go baok to the place from whence she came| there to be hung, drawn, or quartered, as might be by law provided: but out of England she must go- willy-nilly-"beyondthe seas." And the doctor (a pleasant fellow and a thorough man of the world, but-not a gentleman) codded his head gravely and answered as politely and genteely as you please, "Mr. Leatherhead, your kindly interest in my poor old mother's health is moBt touching. Vou think the English air and climate generally is not suited to her constitution and advanced years-that a sea voyage is necessary to tbe prolongation of her life. You suggest the warm Australian clime. You may be right-you may be right. The stranger's eye ofttimes {sees more than the eye of filial affection. 1 will aot disoreetly upon your suggestion and thought fully proffered advice. 1, the doctor-Dr. Claymolder- will make yon the lawyer Lawyer Leatherhead-if I may be allowed, my medioal adviBer, and will take my mother and-a-Zella Woodward, my ward, 'be yond the seas.'" Hence they went. Barsholt's Folly was shut up and in the market again, and as for Doctor Claymolder, Dame Esmeralda, or whatever was her proper designation, and Zella Woodward, " we saw them no more." But worthy Mrs. Blumpett told me that the old gipsy," My lady as she called her, from force of habit, had crept acroBS to the Towers one evening before Barsholt's Folly was shut up, and had said good-bye to her, and was very quiet and sad and humble-spirited, and these two old women, handsome mistress and pretty maid of bygone years, kissed eaoh other beneath the big elms in Botherham Park on the bankB of the lake, and parted. And that same night, Baid Mrs. Blampett, the lake was all covered with the " blue flame." And some time after I received an Aus tralian newspaper, printed at aplaoe called Tent Town, in which I read the following in teresting item of intelligence: "Marriage in High Life.-Our primitive, but picturesque and lively and progressive little town was on Saturday afternoon last en file on the oocasion of the wedding of the only daughter of our worthy Mayor, HiB Worship Dr. Basil Claymolder, tne well known specialist in the preparation of proprietary and patent medicines. Miss Zella Woodward Claymolder. the happy bride has reigned supreme as the belle of the district since first she came among us, and is well known in private circles for her marvel Ions mesmeric power and faculty of thought reading and "willingand the fortunate bridegroom. Captain Jack Thompson, of the Tent Town Mounted Infantry, is too well known as the lucky owner of the Eclipse Gold Mine to need any further introduction in our columnB. The marriage oeremony was performed at the honse of His Worship by the Bev. Jonas Whalsblubber, of the Primi tive Methodiet Connexion, who tied the knot in the most approved fashion. Needless to say the bride was most elegantly attired in a masterpiece of the costumier's art, obtained direct from Melbourne, the description of which is, we confess, beyond oar power. After tbe interesting oeremony a select party of tbe leading residents of Tent Town and their ladies sat down to a choice cold colla tion of the most rtihcrche character, His Worship Doctor Claymolder, in his r61e of father of the bride, outdid even his own remarkable oratorical powers in the truly touching and movingly eloquent speech he made when returning thanks for the toast of his health. At 6 o'clock p.m. the happy pair left in a wagonette and four from the stables of oar local Tattersall (Mr. Ben Buckingham) to spend the honeymoon at Bopglawoggla Beach. Daring the evening Doctor Basil Claymolder at once charmed and delighted MB guests with several of his masterly performances npon the violin, over which instrument he possesses extraordinary {lower, as all who have been privileged to iBten to his entrancing strains will testify. It will be remembered that some six months since death removed from oar midst Donna Esmeralda Claymolder-who, as her name implies, waB of Spanish origin-the mother of the worthy doctor, and grand mother of the bride, who >n a remarkable degree is said to inherit the Donna's youthful beauty" Poor Donna Esmeralda Claymolder, aud her Spanish origin! Oh, what a man the doctor is 1 Then, turning to the outside sheet of the print I found the following well displayed advertisement For AcheB and Pains of every nature and for all the ills that flesh iB heir to Take Doctor Basil Claymolder's Pills of Paradise! And us? Doctor Basil Claymolder's Every Englishman's Emollient! For Wounds and Bruises and Putrefying Sores Apply Dr. BsbiI Claymolder's Uncle HumDhrey's Unguent. Ha! ha! Dr. Elderberry, of Rotherb&m; Racecourse, aver again, Oh, what a man the doctor is! 