(UJtlUXAL MORAX IX PERTH. Naturally enough the presence in Perth of a Prince of the Roman Catholic Church has excited no small am ant of public attention, and when it was known that on Sunday morning Mis Eminence would pre side at the *x-useera.tiou of the Very Eei'. Dr. Gibney, in addition to preaching in the evening, it was no matter for surprise that the chief toi»ic of current conversation was — uarotnai aioraa ana bis aoings. As trill be gathered from the subsequent report, His Eminence had a very bard day's work on Sunday, one which required him to summon up all his physical energies to enable him t« go through with it success fully. The first public ceremony of the day was — THE COXSECRATTON OF THE ET. REV. MATHEW GIBXEY, D.D. In accordance with ecclesiastical law His Eminence, having to take part in tbe consecration of a bishop on Sunday, bad to keep the preceding Saturday as a fast day ; in addition to which he had to most; rigorously a' .stain from taking either solid or liquid refreshment from nuomgni umu ? the conclnsxra of the solemn function. Al-1 though Cardinal Moran is apparently a - man of splendid physique, yet in reality be is by no means constitutionally strong; and therefore the ordeal was by no means an eisy one for him to undergo. His Eminence is subject to attacks of syncope, and it was only a short time ago that be fainted away at the High Attar when engaged in performing the Holy Sacrifice. This circumstance, fearing .tbatibe heat of the weather, combined with the anticipat ed crowded state of the Cathedral, induced the authorities to carefully keep .all tbe church doors open during the sacred service. Orginally fixed for eleven, the time of the ooniuieneeinent of the consecration cere mony was subsequently altered to ten o'clock in the morning; l-nt long before .*.-.-.?- that c-ir-lc limir ti*e Oaiiiefirai of the [mmaculate Conception was fairly crowded liv between six and seven hundred persons. Through the thoughtful provision of tbe Bishop-Elect the orphan boys under his care wer* provided with seats in the gal lery, while their sisters in parental bereave ment were accommodated with 6eats on the ground-floor of the sacred building. Ample provision was made for the repies entatives of the press, care being taken to furnish them with chairs and a table in the front of the very centre of the gallery — a coign of vantage which enabled them both videre et videri. Among the congregation who assembled were numbered as a matter of course every prominent member of the Catholic commuiion resident in Perth, Premantie, York and Guildford; in addi tion to whom were to be seen the Hon. Malcolm Fraser, C.M.G., the Hon. J. Arthur Wright, the Hon. A. O'Grady Lefroy, C.M.G., His Worship the Mayor of Perth, Mr. J. C. BL James (Com missioner of Titles), Mr. G. W. Leake, Q.C (Police Magistrate), Dr. Waylen (Colonial Surgeon), Major Sutherland, Mr. Hensman and inanv other leading- members of the Protestant sections of the community. The principal members of the choir who sung the musical portions of the service were Mrs. King, and Messrs. J. King, J- F. O'Callaghan and Brady ; while Brothei Oldra (of the Benedictine Order) presided at the organ with all bis accustomed artis tic skill, despite the fact that be was suffer ing severely from illness at the time. The music employed upon that occasion was as follows :— That of the High Mass was a service composed by the Sight Sev. Bishop Salvado, the Credo was bom Est's wel known Mass in A flat, while the Kyrie, Gloria, Sanetus Benedictus, Agnus Dei and Veni Creator were sung to the usual Gre gorian tones, and the Te Deum was render ed in the sonorously resonant chaunt generally used upon such occasions. We must not forge*. |to add that the thanks of all those present are due to the Committee of Management, whose carefully devised arrangements for seating the visitors were as admirably simple as effectively complete. Sharp at ten o'clock the joy-bells began a gladsome peal from the Cathedral tower, and just then a grand procession was to be 6een leaving tbe convent gates. The Sev. Fr. Bourke walked first, followed by the cmcifer, two acolytes and ten altar servers clad in scarlet cassocks, over which they wore short white lace cottas. To them suc ceeeded the boys belonging to the Catholic School, wearing . cardinal-coloured sashes ; the pupils of the Catholic Girls' School simi larly arranged ; the girls and boys belong ing to the Catholic Orphanages ; the girls known as the ' Children of Mary,' dressed in pure white, having their heads covered with muslin veils ; and the members of the Catholic Hibernian Society. Upon the procession approaching the Bishop's Palace it was joined by the Cardinal, Bishop, and Priests. Although in all ecclesiastical processions it is usually customary for the chief dignitary to walk last, upon this oc casion the Cardinal took the lead, owing to his temporal precedence as a Prince of tbe Church. The following is a correct list of the clergy who took port in the sacred function : — His Eminence Cardinal Moran, consecrate-in-chief. The Right Rev. Bishops Salvado (of Port Victoria) and Reynolds (of Adelaide), assistant consecrators. The Eev. Dr. Barry, Assistant Priest. The Rev. Father Brereton, Deacon; and the Kev. Fr. MartcUi, Sub-Deacon. The Very Eev. Arch.-PiiestOMeara. The Rev. Fr. P. Gibney chaplain to his brother, the Bishop-Elect of Perth. The Rev. Fr. O'Reily (Bishop- Designate of Port Augus ta, R.A.), chaplain to Bishop Salvado. The Rev. Fr. Duff, chaplain to Bishop Reynolds. The Bev. Fr. O'Haran, D.D., first Master of Ceremonies (the cnerous duties of which position he discharged in the most inimit able manner). The Bev. Fr. Bourke, second Master of Ceremonies. And the Rev. Frs. Kelly. Delany, Long, Brady, and Treacy. Before entering upon a detailed descrip tion of the sacxed function we must pre mise (for the information of our readers) that the service consisted of solemn Pon tifical High Mass, the ordinary course of which was tirokeu by the intervention of the ceremonies pertaining to the rite of episcopal consecration. Upon the proces xMuii i*5M-jung lul* t;iiu-uice uours sic me west end of the cathedral the congregation rose to their feet. .As the procession swept up the aisle to the sanctuary, the conp d' col was magnificent as a spectacle, and strikingly impressive in effect. First came the Cardinal — a stalwart man above the average height, with clean shaven, fresh and ruddy-looking face, bright-eyed, with firmly compressed lips, of dignified bearing and noble presence — His Emin ence looked every inch a Prince. To use an apostolic remark — ' He magnified liis office ' by his graceful carriage and digni fied demeanour. Clad in Isis bright scarlet satin robes — the train of his soutane, some six yards in length, carried by two little pages dad in scarlet cassocks and white lace coltas — the appearance of his Emin ence, as he slowly walked up the aisle, pro duced a profound impression upon the con gregation. To him succeeded the two Assistant-Bishops wearing their episcopal vestments; tbe Bi&hop-Elect;, whose long violet-coloured train was carriid by a single page ; the rest of the clergy ; aud tho Altar assistants. Ae a matter of course tbe High Altar had been specially prepared for the occasion, tbe ledge of the super aitar being literally crowded with handsome Itouquetfi of natural flowers; tSius forming a. pleasing contrast lo tise practice utually followed in the Eastern Colonies, where they are v.-ont to decorate those altars with nai-flrraere under glass-shades ! The .six tall candies were lighted ; ami on the left of the Gigli Altar a small Alter had been erected for the use of the Bishop-Elect. As soon as tbe pro cession reached the sanctuary the Cardinal prostrated himself before the High Altar in adoration of the Blessed Sacrament, and then took bis seat upon tbe episcopal throne. He was then divested of liis car dinalate roWs, and vested with the ameci alb, cincture, etole, tunic, dalmatic, gloves, chasuble, embroidered mitre, and maniple. Meanwhile the two Assistant Ui*hi-ps were vested with the:r copes, and had - plain white mitres placed on their heads. At the same time the Bishop-Elect was vested in front of his own altar with the ordinary apparel of a priest. Then, taking him by the hand. Bisuop Salvado advanced to the Cardinal, saying — 'Most Reverend Father, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, demands of you *o advance this Priest pre sent to the onerous office of a Bishop. ' Te this His Eminence replied — ' Have you the Apostolic inander ' The senior Bishops re plied — ' We have,' whereupon the Cardinal rejoined — ' Let it be read.' This was done by Dr. O'Haran, as notary, whereupon the Cardinal exclaimed — 'Deo graliasl' The Jjish'j;--Eleci: then did reverence before the Cardinal, and proceeded to take the ' Forma jurameii' or customary formal oaths of allegiance, fidelity, and obedience to the Holy See.) The Cardinal then placed a copy of the Holy Gospels in the lap of tbe Bishop-Elect, and proceeded to examine him in the usual form upon his belief in the articles of the Roman Catholic- faith. Dr. Gibney having made affirtnatory replies to the several questions put to him, knelt and reverently kissed thft Cardinal's ring. His Eminence was theii diverted of bis mitre; and, wearing liis scarlet pkull-eap, began the course of the Mass. At the same time the Bisbor Elect was led to his altar, »h*e he was induced with his episcopal vestments, with the exception of the mitre, and privately read the liturgy as far as the last verse of. the Tract Thus arrayed Dr. Gibney was then led by the Assistant-Bisbojs to the Cardinal, who, after admonishing iStri ia solemn terms upon the responsibility and importance of the office and duties he was about to tie charged with, knelt before thft High Altar, while the Bishop-Elect pros trated luniself on the left side of the Cardinal, and the choir sang the Kyrie eleison and the Litany of the Saints. Tho Cardinal then solemnly imparted the triple '^ blessins to the Bishop-Elect, upon -whos«s neck was then placed an open book ot tnc» Holy Gospels. Then the actual consecra tion began. The Cardinal and the two Assistant-Bishops laid their right hinds upon Dr. Gibney's bead, while theCardinal in sonorous tones pronounced the words — ' Accipe Spiritum Sanctum.' (Receive the Holy Ghost.) After various collects proper to tke occasion bad been said, the Veni Creator Spiritus was sung, after which the Cardinal anointed the head of the Bishop Elect with the Holy Chrism, at the same time saying 'Ungator et consecisetnr,' &c; The unction having been completed the Cardinal proceeded to repeat the Hoe Dotnine, which was followed by the anthem proper to the occasion. The Cardinal then annointed the hands of tbe Bishop-Elect with the Chrism in the form of a cross, saying — ''Angantur nianns,' &c; The crozier, and episcopal ring was then blessed, sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the Bishop-Elect 1-J the Cardinal, whose mitre was removed while saving the prayers but replaced when hand ing the pastoral staff and episcopal ring to the Bishop-Elect. A copy of the Holy Evangels was then handed to Dr. Gibney, after with the service of the Mass was pro ceeded with in the usual way, Bishop Gibney saying his own office at the Epistle ' side of the Altar, after be had received ' the kiss ot peace ' from the Cardinal and Assistant Bishops. At tbe Offertory the newly consecrated Bishop was conduct ed to the front of the High Altar; and there, kneeling, made his offering of two lighted wax torches, two loaves, and two small vessels of wine— adorned, one of each with gold, and the other each with silver. Just before performing tbe rite of conse crating the Host, the Cardinal's skull-cap was removed by the Master of Ceremonies, in order that he might perform the solemn | function bareheaded; and upon that I having been done (the whole congregation i kneeling meanwhile) His Eminence then administered the elements, first to himself, j and then to the newly consecrated Bishop, ! both using the same chalice- The kiss of ©eace was then exchanged among the four j prelates, and after the Ablution and the i Post- communion theCardinal imparted the ! Papal Benediction to the faithful present. | The new Bishop's mitre was then Messed, . the Cardinal offering up, in Latin, the fol | lowing solemn prayer : — ?* We place, O Lord, ontfce head of this ' thy Bishop and combatant, a helmet of de ! fence and salvation to the end, that having bis forehead decorated, and bis head safely guarded, by the power of both Testaments i he may appear terrible to the adversaries of \ truth, and by the grace Thou wilt bestow, i may prove a valiant champion against them. j For Thou didst mark the forehead of Moses, thy servant, when ennobled by a communi ion of discourse with thee with most brilliant rays derived from Thy splendour and truth and didst command a diadem to be set on tbe bead of Aaron thy High Priest Through Christ our Lord. Amen.' After the episcopal gloves had been bless ed and placed on the new Bishop's bands, and the ring placed on the third finger of bis right hand, the Te Deum was sung by the choir and the joy- bells were pealed until the conclusion of the service. While tbe triumphant chant was being sung the new Bishop of Perth, conducted by the Assistant- Bishops, walked down the aisle of the church (holding the crozier in his right hand) imparting bis episcopal blessing to his flock on both sides. From the appearance of his lordship's face it was evident that he was nearly exhausted by the combined effects of his prolonged fast, the sense of tbe responsibilities be bad committed to him, tbe length of the pro longed service, and the excitement of the occasion. His features were pinched, and the almost deadly paleness of his counten ance was relieved only by two burning patches of colour below the eyes ; he tot tered in bis walk, and had it not been for the support afforded him by bis pastoral staff it appeared evident that he would have fallen through sheer exhaustion. Upon returning to the High Altar the Bishop thrice saluted the Cardinal with the appropriate exclamation of 'Ad uiultos annos,' whereupon liis Eminence gave him the Has of peace for the laet tame. The Bishop was tben taken to his Altar, when he was unrolted, remaining in his violet soutane and train, violet skull-cap, and wearing his episcopal ring, together with the pectoral cross. At the same time the Cardinal returned to bis throne, where lie, too, was divested of bis sacrificial robes, which were replaced by the scarlet soutane and train. The pro cession was then reformed, and the clergy left the Cathedral in the same order as they entered it. Upon reaching the Palace a large number of the Catholic laity offered their congratulations to their new Bishop, and paid the customary homage. Thus ended, the solemn service of the first consecration of a Bishop that has ever be*-n held in Western Australia — a service which was rendered additionally memorable .from the fact that the chief ^ consecrating prelate was the first Aus tralian Cardinal. 