iT1icEii is, no doubt, lioth truth and sngacity 1I the linus worn so threadobar in the way of quotation--about seeing ourselves as others see us ; but theo gift after which tihe poot tliorn aspires is not likely to beconme voery extonsively dillusod among the people who inhabit thn earth in theso dcgeenrate days. *But, if we cannot get the wisdom whihl is or might lie involved in thei power of seeoing with other people's eyes, we inay sorniltiies get namusemiiiriit or inst ruction from observing how otheir people- straingors l1lore or loss-scumi to view our all'irs, and from reading what they write about us, ' his s'agncious ohservation rnight, wo dare any, lio applicable on a large sonie; but just now'we only purpose to apply it on a sniall one. It was to ie expected' that the prin ,ipal SydnPy journals would furnish their readers wtli a full account of the opening of the Kinama Railway; and if it were less than full, it would hardly be worthy of those journals. A little anmusinlnt may boe got from a perusal of the narrativo furnished to the HharAl) bliy its "special reporter" on this occasion, Tlhe rander of that narrativro has not to go very fiu' in it, whon hlie learn thant " the composition of the Kninai peopleo is of too praotical a kind to allow of their entertaining themselves.' This rIemark is offered in connection with the oircumstancn that none of the ininistry cainoe down to bo banqluetted over the opoening ccrnemony, But though the Kiama people did nnt tllink it worth while to get up a dinnor for themselves to consunme, the HIuHALhD' his.. torian nevertheless tindls that thlirn was enthusiasm over then allir, "As others SIH us I" Wu had not the slightost susplcion ilint thlre wihs any exhlibition or any feeling of i;itdlllusinaiin., Tli'lri wis nioro videnoce, we think, of'n feeling of annoynnce aind dis. santiafaction. that after tlih waste of so much tim nslid such fair opportunity of continuing the line into the town with all speed us a ]irivnto company would have done, tlhe Go. vernment had not yet, npparnitly even anald up its nmind as to the roltou lly whioh the town extensionl should be minade. Moro. nver, as we hlav hiefore remainrked, there sneoml to liii a growisngopinion--and it was a little curious to lihear the spontaneous nx. pressions of'it on the oponling day-that a nlnl., nrtnr lhad beelln 0 Conlmitutld in thel edoptinn of *the " M'innlcy iit'" route in* ateand nf that ,hy.,Jhiulnmroo; and whore thlnr is n conviction that the wrong thlina 1ii hlii(n done, thore is not Illkoly to bu Imuhol enthuHinsian, ]ut in spite of the niotoorolo. plcnl cnncdltioiis whiohprovailocd , thne Iarnldio elirnniolor wnas pparncetly much iolinoled to fn'd a roHe.oolourold atimoHphloro' iiVenooping nall thnt p.,rtained tl the railway. TlhJlittle nmnifstalntinns of intorost whliol wore ex. liiiitl'd nn'"thn nrrival of enolh train at the NIaOlPOIT.rAN termlllllinlls, light, no doubt, bo easily itimproved into onthlusriasm liy nny onn lint nn nn mling the bIFst of things, Tlin aolrounstance tlnt a pdor oow, whlillh happ,'ned Itn lie traying oii the line, got too n'ar the tlrain ,juHt.lteforn it slopped at the SAvTIIIW' phltfinim, contrlbutsa to the lively lill~ltU ttli 'i Our brother scribbler' remarks the fact that the Kiama station is oflicially known by the title of Kiama North. "This," )h says, is evidently done with an object." With what object ? The matter is almost too paltry to he worth asking questions about. AII the railways (hat over were con. structed could not bring a township to this spot. We suppose that wlheni the line has actually been continued into the town, the ollicial ghost of Kia~unt North will at once disappear. At present the use of the phrase is, we upose, only an ollicial mode of say ing that the line stops at a spot s mile north of the town of Kimina, from which it is separated, as the I-JenALn remarks, by a "steep and had road, which has vcery much theonppearance of a mountain pass." Our friend, after noticing the fact that one train loaves Kiama daily at 6 am.., and that one arrives at 7.50 p.n., remarks that " these are certainly hixed at awkward times." There can he scarcely ha two opinions aonut that. The early hour of leaving, though inconveniei'iit enough, is not so objectionalble as the late arrival. People at this end congra telated thielmselves that however small might ibe the utility of the rail. way in some respects at presuiit, thity would at least lhe shle to get the morning papers on the day of their publication. To an out. sidar it might appear a simple aflair that those papers and all other wail . mnatter posted luofore a certain hour in the, morning might ie inade to reach Kiiamia some hlours before 8 p.m. If the prevailing notion has heen that of enabling persons fioze this end to reach Sydiiisy, to spend two or threeohours thnie, and to return the smine clay, wo think too iiuch stress may have haotn laid on such an arrangement, uvhichi, with present intei reption; might often prove illusoryy; and there are hut few, we inmsgine, though some possibly who would calculate o0 going up to Sydlniey without staying at least one night there, If it is not worth while at present to riun a second train, we hope thi single one will lie mahe isore generally useful. QuIr lately a nu mhler of mn0n who mHIglt otherwise have Ibeen " unemployed," were employed on certain Governiment works inl Illawarra; and the general- opinion was, we Iblioev, that thely did little good either for themselves or for anybody else. It is hazardous, however, to form an opinion without ollioial information, if the matter happens to have any official aspect. Tihe public is assured by the Sydney papers, doubtless on the most satisfoctory ollicial grounds, that " the work ca,'ri?cdl out by thcse minen is likely to provo highly re-pro ductive." This is certified, it appears, in a report whioh the, Promicer has received from the olhairman of the Oasual Lal)our Board, The chairman of this Bonard, it appears, is Mr. JomN DAVIes, 0 M.G., once at time head of thei poll in Sydney, when the prosent Premier was ntowhere, as rolated in a oomn munication in our last issue, This is tlhe gentleman who was once' fnamiliarly known to fuame as thlo " underground ongineer ;"and it may perhaps be conjectured that hiii skill as suolh engineer hImis'coitributed to make the work of til unemployed inoro pro6ftablhl than nmigh\t havU bten supposed. A statemeut pulnlishetd as nbove menetioned conntains a formiidahhill cntalogue of works cflTheted by " unemplnyeod " lands-laminds cleared, roads formifd, drains made, bridges anid culverts constructed. Thu total sumn paid ill reospect of the work done by theosu hands is, it ap pears, about ; 902,000. The land clneared nnd ulldersorublobed is put at 23,600 ncres; and thI portion of this land that has Ieon sold by auotion realised £429 per acre. What pIrtion of this value was due to the chnaring and underserublhing, of course, we do not know. If ther laud derived its whole value from those procorsses, a small proportion of it would clearly bIe suteient Ito outset the whlole lXlplnsl'. At the National Park, which will he direotly accessiblu by the II. lawarra railway--if 'rlAIt' is any oltjoot to the dwlellers in this district--uore than 12,500 ncres I:ave been cleared. Such a "re.produotivuo" state of things must he highly conlsolatory to tlh Promlier, as well as satisftotory to tlhe publio, who for the most part, we imaginie, did not expecot to muako a very good thring out of the employ. mnoct of tlhe unimnployd. Sir H. PAlucs, if we recollect arighLt, not very long ago told a deputation of the unemployel thant thie irlief given in conneotion with the Oasual Lblour Bard Ill ,had eon a scanilhl and a dis graco to thn coloiny, II? mILust oonmgrtulato himself tlhalt Mrl', Jol DAvimEs is inll a pblsi. tion to oonlvimno hil of Ihs rror, Tr s?o?ns extremoly douhtfol, as weo always oisiidero d it to Ibi, whllthlii tho Qoveu;rnm1e1 will ooiltr'ivc to p:1ss thlei' Land Bill d11in'g thu prusunt sossion, Thly halve foundl it nuoassru'y, on nocounlt of a toliniocal ol!io. tion, to withdraw thl bill, Iut only with thu intontion of ro.introdncing it, " Thly would 1uhmi3t it," sild tlh Plremiur in nannounein, thi intoition of hi ?alinelnt regarding it; " nndl to th behost of thinir ability thly would carr.y it through, lThycy wolo quit preparpod 1.o stako ,thuir' IXistlIllCnl 5as i( IovInmelll nt upon ar'ryillg thant ileasliurn, ''hny would in no way dovinate from thuh'r pulposle." Those are brave words ;1 ad 1 r( , GM Altrli'H Land Bill is probably tinlh mInore capablo of hting rolndoiil a satisfaotory, not to say a prfocft bIniasuro than any orf its preduoos. soris, as milghlit o expust(od, icdtlod, se3ig that thh legislatnrs of thu pri!sunt day havo tho honfllit of tlh uexprlriinc hloriinblei from the comnpamrativl fail·lr of thlose prlrrdooessoia. Nuovarthholeas any lill donling with thul gunral quacstion of thu oooupation, saenh, &e;, of thu pullio lands wilth all thi' var'lod tiilures and intertals, must ntuteds HI a Onlnplicated and a unntenttious nnasuro; anid thu Innast oIhstirativn discnssioni of it lightll prl'hllps fairly occupy a largir linuilnlor of cdays tlhan would hl'iavailthlhlo for thl purposui hIifori, thio ind of tIhi y ar; and if. th Govrirnlion1t pilrist in tlilr Intol tlion, tho iiiitto, will Olii Iilcly to carry thui fiur into tlhe cuitonnial ylar, Thu Local G ovluillnontl; ]ill lna bcon ap0ll)ly alnandonlld so far as thuln "'lt~sI ii t H: aion is onc!rntld I ind th ll'prolsplct of Its hnhi ilistingguishild for anl unuaUl liiaouit of uofuil Ihgislhiatloiin i?s not too lbrilliaiit1, T'hlo ianlkrui ptoy 11111, howuvir, is socn.rl ; i ld i I liii coillhiulot O6pinion n'f Sir Ail,mil l S'inuii1,1 lIailli honol l ur to the prlis?llst ( ho. vlrine, iiilih aii his L l ll ta lurgo portliol of lid· llurrcauil h coi iliituiilly THE railway officials seem neither to have known nor to wi.h to know much about Ilia warra. The extraordinary trick of omitting Albion Park altogether from the time table1 has been Ibefore noticed by us. Thle Shell. harbour people, it seeoms, have almost equal 'reason to complain. Almost immuediately after Mr. SUTIIIuIrLAN's visit to this district in August last, a Slllharbour correspondent gave vent in our columns to the feelings which had been excited in his locality by thel suspicionl that the Shulllarbour station was to liu lixe I ii a ab asurdly inconvenient position,-tlhe one only position suitable for the purpose lbeing at thl same time to ordi nary eyos so plainly evident that thie most absolute perverseness and blindnr?s, it might be thought, would ho required to give birth to any second opinionl oni the subject. That position is LIDPy's lanl ; anrld at this spot on tlhe opening day the SlIellharbour people, who wished to go on board tihe train, assem. bled for that purpose. Tihe Department, as if infatuatedl, proposes, it seems, to place tile station at Dillon's hill. Much localcexertion, apparently, will bIs necessary to supply a correction to ollicial blindness anm obstinacy ; and in matters like tlhese people are strik ingly reminded of the dillirence between a government and a private company- much to the disadvantage of the form or, where no. bodly feels any responsibility for blunders, or suffurs personally from the loss which they entail. Some strange eccentricities, too, have been perpetrated in the table of chargens; and for tile rectification of those it has bhu~n resolved by the Bulli progress conm snitteo, a body which at present supplies the want of a Municipal Oouncil, to secek thle co-operationl of the several coun eils andl otler bodies along the coast. It reqlUires, we repeat, a great amount of local oleffort to correct the blunders of ollfcialdom, Ytr tihe people of ollicialdom are thbey who say, "T'ruly.wem are tile mne, and there are none like us." 