c2Mnit0£mmt0, THE 'REDEMPTION. ' A considerable amount of interest has for eome time past been manifested in the per formance of Gounod's ** Redemption,' which the Adelaide Musical Association announced for thtir inaugural concert, and which was per formed on Tuesday for the first time in Ade laide. This work, dedicated to the Queen, was commenced in 1867, but laid aside for 12 years, ana then completed for performance in Eng land. It was to have been eivan in Glasgow, but the musical people of Birmingham, who secured it at great cost (£4,000 it is eaid) for their festival in 1682, were the first to have the pleasure of hearing it. On this occasion the composer himself con ducted, and the work received fall justice at the bands of very highly -trained performers, including euch soloists as Madame Albani, Madame Patty, Mr. -Lloyd, and Mr. Santley. The 'Redemption,' according to the author's commentary, 'is a lyrical setting of the three great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian Church : — The pas sion and death of the Saviour; His glorious life on earth from His resurrection to His ascension; and the spread of Christianity in the world through, the mission of the apoBtles,' The oratorio, or '-Sacred trilogv,' as it is called, commences with a prologue which is divided into three parts— Taecreation, the fall, and the promise of redemption. The Creation is an instrumental introduction descriptive of chaos ; the fall is nacrated in recitative by tenor and bass, the latter part containing an unusual but not ineffective sequence of aug mented triads ; and the liedeemer'g promise is sung by a ' celeBtial choir' in the chorale, ' The earth is my _possesBian.' This number is arranged for 28 voices, sopranos aud altos eight each, and tenors and basses six each, accom panied by the organ. During the prologue appears a soft and tender melody, a leit rootif of several bars, and thismelqdy reappears eight times, the last being in tbe «eoond part, where it is effectively given by the whole orchestra supported by the organ. After the prologue follow ttree divisions, of which part one deals with Calvary, fee Crucifixion, Mary at the foot of the Gross, tne two thieyw, the death of Jesus, and the centurion. Part two includes the holy woman at tie sepulchre, Jeaua appearing to the holy womer, the sanhedrim, the holy women before the apof-tles, Jesus appearing to His apostles, and the aBceneion, Under the thud part appear the Pentecost, the descent of tae Holy Ghost, and the hymn of the apostlas. The libretto was compiled by Gounod himself, and however it may sound in the original exception may be and has been taken to portions of the English translation, and which, to eay the least of it, do not show a very skilful illus tration of the art of marrying words to ttusic. Still the dramatic shape in which it is cast sustains the interest throughout, and un doubtedly serves to heighten the general effect. Tbe earnestness and relioimin f«pline« of the composer are also shown both in the libretto and the setting, and .that this cast of. mud is natural to Gounod appears to be evident. As long ago aa 1B40 Panny Hen⪙ in her diary says 'Bosquet told us how iar Gounod had allowed himself to be drawn into engagements of a religious nature, the result of which he much fe&red; for one of his weak character. Bosquet is afraid Gounod will give up cauiic and take to the cowl.' A German critic, -trnfavorably .duspoeed towards the oratorio, whilst acknowledging that fhe 'Redemption' is the work of an un doubtedly TeHjnorre tone poet ia of opinion ' that we ehould expect in «n oratorio aesthetic and not religious devotion, and that we ehould ' be raised above the -dust of earth by the power ol the musical ideas, and by the genius of the composer, and certainly not merely by the sublimity of the religious ideas.' The narrative part of the ' Redemption' i3 divided between two male voices (tenor and bass), and during their ttnrcationa— delivered with little movement, and for the most part on the tonic or dominant — the or chestra does not merely sustain supporting chords as in the greater part of the most com mon form of recitative, but produces various sympathetic figures, thas carrying on the in terest in a better manner, perhaps (at any rate as far as this particular work is concerned), than if treated m the usual way. In addition to the two narrators mentioned, ths composer has written baritone solos for the central figure of the Redeemer, and the music is dignified and solemn. The penitent end the impenitent thieves snd the Virgin Mary are also intro duced. Thoee persons, however, who expected to hear solos a? in oratorios with which they are familiar, were disappointed, for the absence of this form of composition is one of the con spicuous features of the work, the so-called eoloE being, with few exceptions, cast in the form of recitatives as already mentioned. There are two trios, both in the second part, for first and second sopranos and contralto. The first is, ' How shall we by ourselves bave strength to roll avcay the etoDe from the tomb,' and the second, 'The Lord, He is ricen again.' The latter is of eimple structure, plainly har monised, but very miereBting, especially in the latter part. ?' Bpgide the cross remaining' and ** By iaith salvation comes' are set for quartet and cboius. The former is commenced by the tenor in a plaintive melody in A minor, answered by tbe alto in tbe dominant. The tenor then announces a second subject, and the four voices follow } the first tkeme being taken up by all the voices in octaves to conclude the chorus. The softly sung ' tJnresisting, un complaining,' followed by the forte descending chromatic passage, 'And yet the grief she bears, her heart in sunder tears,' being very good. ^Numerous choruses and several chorals are interspersed -throughout the work, and in addition to these there are four instrumental parts — 'Tbe creation,' 'March to,Calvary,' 'The darkness,' and 'The apostles in prayer.' The creation is an illustration by the orchestra of the words 'And the spirit of God moved on the face of the waters. And God said let there be light: and there was light.' The 'March to Calvary,' for soli, chorus, and orchestra, jn A minor, is a lengthy, dramatic, and impor tant part of the work, introduce I by the orchestra in a style which by some' is con sidered to be out of keeping with the solemnity of the occasion depicted. Tde composer, however, says it is intended to represent the brutality of the rabble dragging Jesus to execution, and it is in striking contrast to the compaFsron expressed by the succeeding choral for soprano^ in unison. This choral in E minor, 'Forth tbe royal banners go,' is set for Eopracos in unison, accompanied by an orchestral figure for 6trings, and forms a pathetic commentary upon the mournful pro cetsion as it pas-res. The march is afterwards resumed. 'The Darkness' succeeds a short narration of the death of Jesus, aad is a graphic and very effective orchestral move ment. After two short narrations, 'My Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit,' and 'Then gave He up the ghost, and all came to an end,' follows. 'The earthquake,' a descriptive piece, is recited by tenor and bass, principally in thirds, but the alarm ia mostly described by the orchestra in rapid chromatic passages of varying degrees of intensity, and by diminished chords and the usual tremolo. There are many other important and interest ing numbers to which we have not referred, such as the chorus of mockers in D minor, with its varied orchestration and tbe taunting words of the blasphemers; the reproaches of the Saviour set as a quartet or chorus, with a subdued accompaniment to the words — ' O, my vineyard, come tell me why my grapes are bitter ;' and .the prophetic choir, ' Saviour of men,' introduced by the orchestra, in which the horns take an important part in playing the melody, while the strings nave chords in triplets, and the trumpets a short passage at the end of each phrase. In this chorus the effect is heightened by the employment of trumpets reiterating the tonic aud dominant The score requires four of these tram pats placed at the highest part of the orchestra. The allegretto for orchestra, which follows the narration if the visit of the holy women to the sepulchre, is in a style which is readily recognised as Gounod's. It is constructed on a double pedal, plajed with muted strings, and is of a lovely pastoral character. The graceful soprano solo, 'Fr^m thy love as a Father,' with an accompaniment in arpeggio, merges into a chorus with excellent efiect. The choiue, 'Unfold, ye portals everlasting,' is one of the finest in the work. The only attempt at fugal writing is in tbe concluding poition of the oratorio, but it stops after the exposition and merges iirto the gr--at misses of sound with which tbe cboras, ' Tae Word is flesh become,' completes the work. With regard to tbe value of the 'Redemption ' as a whole, and its claim to be rooked with the works of the great masters, opinions are doubtless greatly divided, and tbe actual proof will probably not be given during the author's lifetime. For ourselves, however, whilst freely acknowledging many excellencies in the oratorio, we feel bound to say that from tae means at our disposal, and the opportunities for study which have presented themselves (of which the performance last night was not by any means the least), we are forced to the con clusion that the compoBer has certainly not altogether failed, but has not succeeded in pro ducing a work which will stand the infallible test of time. We cannot share the views of either those who see little or no beauty in its ~ pages, or of those who praise it so extrava gantly in the opposite direction, Tnis much, however, is certain, tbe mueic- loving people of this city ought to be thankful for the energy and perseverance of the Musical Asso ciation in doing their share in encouraging a love of the art of music which, although ' the youngest of the artistic sisterhood,' is 'the most subtle, the most intense medium of the expression of tbe beautiful.' We have to thank them for their performance and for the opportunity which they have given us of hearta? what to r£ost of us has hitherto been an untold tale. The society bad every reason to be pleased with the encouragement given to them by the public at theii concert last night, for long before 8 o'clock tbe sale of tickets at the door was suspended, and the Town Hail was shortly afterwards packed. There was not a vacant seat in any part. His Excellency the Governor and suite, his Honor Chief Justice Way, the Hon. J. C. Bray, his Worship the Mayor, Sir Henry .Ay ers, Professor lves, and a great number, of leading citizens were present. On the arrival of his Excellency the ' National Anthem' was aung as a solo and chorus. With regard to the per formaDce it is, perhaps, unnecessary to par ticularise each number, especially in the case of the recitatives which are so numerous. Some of these were very well rendered, espe cially those allotted to the baas, Mr. J. J. Vergo, who acquitted himself in a very praise worthy manner. Mr. J. T. Cook, who took tbe tenor narrations, has a sweet, sympathetic voice, but it lacks cultivation and power, and is certainly not equal to the part assigned to it last night. Mr. Nash sang the music given to the Redeemer, and was probably a little nervous, which may account for one or two slips. On the whole, however, his fine voice was heard with good effect. Of the lady principals, Mrs. James was unquestion ably the best, and sang well throughout. A little more repose in her style of singing would, however, be an advantage. Miss McDermott, who took the contralto part, possesses a fair voice, and sang her music cor rectly. She will improve greatly by training. The choruses do not present any great diffi culties, and although most of them were ren dered with good effect, the ' Redemption' is scarcely a test of the powers of the singers. They, however, sang for the most part with precision, and with due attention to light and shade, and we shall be glad to hear them again in some other work. The orchestra was not quite complete, buttheinstruments present, con sidering tiie difficulties with which the music abounds, did their work exceedingly well, the first number ('The Creation') being par ticularly well done. Mr. C. J. Stevens, who conducted, kept his instruments and voices well together, and deserves great credit for the time and caie which he must have bestowed on the members of the society. We would, however, suggest that when he does sing for tie assistance of the voices or instruments he will do so in subdued tones. — ? 