Australian Tales and Adventures. ? ? »>. NO. 85. ' WADDEE MUNDOOEE, By an Old Shepherd " Hum 1" said old Jaok, .. I'm getting rayfcher oldish, to be sure. Why its more not fifty year ago sinoe I ran down Waddeo Mundooee; more no? fifty yeas"-And the.oldman sighed as he dipped his panniean into the " post and rails" bucket. We were sitting in old Jacks' hut on station on the Goulburn. He was a sort o! pensioned hand o! the boss, having been shepherd with the " old man" when he took op the country fitut of all, and never dreamed of the downfldaya of free selection and " cooky" farmers. All Jaok was supposed to do was to shoot orows, and trap an ocoasional rabbit. For this he received good lodging, station fare, and as much tobaoeo as he wanted-with aa occasional run into Moo *oopna to "bust up" a couple of pounds among the publicans. Jaok was ia a communicative mood this evening. Perhaps this fact was, in some sort to be connected with the circumstance that I had propitiated him with a bottle of rum. I wanted to camp that night in Jaok'e hut and had eomo provided with the most artful persuader I knew of. E"or if Jaok loved anything under the Bky, it was a tot or two of good station rum-stufi, as ha would say, that made your hair grow, and which most oertainly Bkinned the throat of any novice swallowing a glass for the first time. " Waddeo Muudooee," said I," take another tot Jaok. Who was Waddee Mundooee ? a queer name that." Jaok smiled with en air of superior infor mation. " Ah ! you never was in his country. He was a nigger waa Waddee-and a tiger, A regular varmeni of a blaok, though ho did Have a wooden leg." "A wooden leg Jaok 1" u Ah-a wooden leg. He had one Bhot off. But what o' that I He eould give any feller with two sound legs, the go by. He need to take a hop, skip, and a jump with a long pole bb ha had, Bhod with a iron spike, I've known him run down a forrester-.yea a big buck kangaroo. Talk of your bioyolea, bah I Waddea could ha given em any amount of start. "Well, well, you surprise mo, And you knew him, fifty yeara ago." " Mora nor fifty yeas; ago," said the old man impressively; " when this here oountry warn t settled, and where there's towns, end oities, and railways in New South Wales, waa what you call the baok blocks. I'm talkia' of the time when the Gwydir country was took up by Keith Collins and that lot. Mora than fifty year ago, Ah, well-time waits for none of ua mato"~and old Jaok took another dip m hia pnunieau. " But this hero Waddea Mundoooa aa I waa talkm about waa a real wuflser. There was no tamin' of him. Other blaoka'd oome in and loaf around the stations, but not Waddee, Ye aea he'd aworn vengeanoa on tha white feller. In the early times, an old oonviot hut keeper-mind yer, I VVPB never a Jag; I waa a soger, mate-he'd piaoned thirty 'or forty poor devils, as had eampcd neas Brannan'a station on the Burdoltin. Yea, they was a nooaanoe no doubt, corning round tha hut begging for a "plower" as thoy called it, and bacca. But to pison 'em off like dingoes was rathe? too strong, However, Bob Taylos one morning, bein' in a devil's own temper mixes up a lot of arsenic and flour, and bakes a heap 'o johnny cakes, whioh ho gives to the gina aa oamo loafin1 around. Before the eun aet, aa I'vo heard, there waa over thirty men, gina, lubraa, and piooaninniea lying dead on v the banks of the oreok, They say Bob watobed 'em aa they soiled about afore they died eoreaming and crying; and that he laughed and called it good fun. But mebba that wasn't true. There waa a bother about it, and Bob near got hia kick off at Sydney, but a lawyer pulled him through. Then ho wont baok to the station, for the boaa was a tiger and quite baoked up old Bob in what he'd done. Ah I-" and hero Jaok paused and looked maditativoly into the fire, " I'va seen soma bloody work mate, among tha blaeka-seen 'em shot lor sport, jest aa you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the lubraa rounded up as you'd round up bullocks, and used aB you may gueea by young fellera as called 'emselvaa gentleman and OJwiatiano, and would ha' soon o' thought of killing a white man aa ol killing themselves. But blaeka waa no aa count ia their eyea, and 1 once sea a mission* asy chap run off a (station for saying that in God'a eyea a black waa as good as a white, They called it blasphemy, they did, and gave the preacher the run." . Howeves to get on with my yarn, when Bob the lag, pieoned the blaoka aa I'va told ye, ha didn't know I fanoy, that they b'longed to Waddea Mundooee'a tribe. If ho had, I think he'd ha' though twice, beeoa Waddea waa a terror. Ho never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hut. keepers had reason to know it. You may be aura then that ho awore vengeance agin Bob. But Bob waa pretty safe, for ha waB cook and hut-keeper at tbe homo station where there waa always a lot of hands, and whera all niggers for milea around waa kept off with tha musket. But Home of us was sure that sooner or later Waddee would nab Bob, and then-well Bob would get hia gruel. " Well eo it came. One day Bob got hold of a bottle of rum and goes down to the oreok and seta to_ work to finish it off all by him» self. He didn't turn up at supper time, and the ohapa went out to look for him, and found him. Ho was a eight. There waa a atiok wedged in ;hia mouth, hia eyea waa gouged out; his two handa waa chopped oft and hia lega waa broke with blowa of a toma« hawk. He waa alivo and that's all, and all ho waa abla to whispes waa, " Waddea Mun« dooee." Then he Groked. ?" Well nobody waa over and above fond of old Bob. Ha waa a surly savage sort o' chap, ana that piooning sort of business wasn't fien'rally relished by the ohapa, But if they aidntliko Bob they wasn't a bit took with Waddea Mundooee. 0oon aa they'd put the old man in hia grave, half a dozen of tha handa on horeebaok and well armed, went out_ to find Mr. Waddee, and settle hia business, Thoy took up his traoks easy -they were traoks you oouldn't make no mistake about-Waadeo having only ono foot, and a long pole serving for the other, Yes, there waa no mistaking Waddee'a traoks, even without a black boy to mark 'em, whioh they had-°a Moroion Bay boy, as was atock-riding on tha atation. They ran down tha tracks to a chain of waterholea, and through aomo dry swamp land on t'other side. They followed 'em up to the foot of a mountain ridge whioh ran up sheer with rooks threo hundred feet high, Here the blaokboy brought up, He jumped down from bis horse, and looked on tbe ground; thon ha ran up to the face of the rook, and with eyea starting from hia head, stared at it, emelt it, and shuddered. " Baal that feller Waddea Mundooee, man. No fear debbil, debbil, See him go along up all aamo snake, and the boy pointed to % narrow ridge suoh aa a possum could hardly olimb up. The ohapa followed thia track with their eyea. "Hi i-there him~all along stand on top~< look out." And the boy ran sight under the rook. " At tha same moment a epaar, launched from above, waa driven through the arm ol one of the men. "There was a scuttle tocet out ol Kango. I believe that most there had soma hankerin' belief that Waddea was a aort o' devil. He'd done auoh rum things, and oould travel bo fast, that he'd be heard of almost in one place as soon as another, that the yarns of the black boya about him being a " debbil debbil" was somehow believod by a lot of station hands. Anyway, theso ohaps ran out of range, and than turned to look at the old ohap aa ho atood on top of tha rook, on one leg, and leaning on hia staff, while in hia left band he held two or three spears. » Try him with a shot," saya the wounded man. " Dash him 1 he's settled my arm-" They had'run the spear through and ban daged up the wound, but the chap felt the ain so great, that he made sure he waa ound to Iobo hia arm. "Well-so they told me-they shot at Waddea until all their powder and bulleta waa gone. No ono could hit the old ohap, who gammoned to eateh tha balls, and danced, and yelled a hurricane. I expeot they was out o* range, although none of 'em would ever allow that. They all had it, that the old ohap was what they icall invulnerble, and that no bullet 'cept a silver one, 'd ever oook Waddea Mundooee. " Howsoever, Waddea waa no more invul nerble than I am, Soma yeara after this I waa aearohing some scrub land on the Bur nett for some sheep aa I'd missed when the dogs began to bark in a way aa I knew didn't mean they'd found tho aheep, I fol lera up carefully, and, sudden like, cornea on an old wurleysat up agin a big box tree. And there, lying on a ragged 'possum rug, waa my noble Waddee Mundooee. But there wasn't notbin' to fear from him now. He waa come to hia last. As ha looked up at me, a fire like, e&we; ia hia eyea, and he made a move for hia waddy; but he know It waa no good, and he oloaed hia eyea and jabbera something in hia own lingo. He was thin and wasted like, and I guessed ho waa starved. I Btoopa down and lifts him up, and I reckon he thought I waa goin' to finish bim-ha glared defiant [like, And when I poura a mouthful of oold tea, aB I had in a billy, down hia throat,, he looked real as tonished, and muttered something, " By-and-bye I got the poor devil round a bit. * lit a fire, whioh seemed to frighten him, but I told him in broken.black lingo that there wasn't nobody near. Then 2 made bim some hot tea, and gave bim a taste o' damper and a bit o' salt mutton I had along [ with me. And while he ate-he was staiv* ing-he looks at me as if he couldn't take it in as a reality, anyhow. "Well I found that the poor beggar was eat up with rheumatics. Ho was old too, and as I examined bis poos old earns, I found as many wound marks on it as there was dirt. Ho smited when I looked at a great soar on his breast. "Big feller white maa-plenty"--and he made a sign of striking. "Me kill him all Bams," and he laughed. I thought to myself that arte? all this old ohap was only aotin' according to his lights, aa the parsons say. Anyhow I could see no more harm in his upearin' whitefmen than white men shooting black, You see I'd been a soger and in the army one learna to look at things different like. " Well I did what I could for the poor old heathen. My hut wasn't over two miles away and I generally managed to get over to eea Waddee two or three times a w^ek. I got' some turpentine from the home station, and rubbed bis rheumatio legs, and he got about a little. But I saw his time was about come, and be knew it too. I tell ye it used to make me feel soft like, as he sat crooning over the little fire, and thinking I dare say, of the gay old tiraes when he was strong and hearty. " White feller," said ho to me one day,turn ing hia dark eyes upon me, (jest like Goals of Are they was), " Two days "-he held up two fingers - " Waddee Mundooee go up along a there," pointing to tho sky. " You good feller. Some day, me jump up along white man, oome along a you." " All right, Waddee," says I, "I shall be glad to see you." He went on, "Alonga ereekyoago for Waddee Mun dooee," said ha, soft like. " Good feller you. Gome along thirty mile, black feller's camp sit down. You tell 'em Waddeo all along die, Show 'em this. They oome take away this," and he glanced at his shrivelled old body. " You go-please ?" and I couldn't say no. I left him right away, and gets on my horse, and yards the sheep, and leaves the dogs, and away I went. 1 knew whereabouts the camp was, but I shouldn't ha' ventured into it it Waddee hadn't given me his old staff. And sure-enough when I rode in and showed this, they all seemed to understand, and the old women and lubraa began to croon their death oonga, 5 When I'd 'delivered my message I went book to my hut, Nest afternoon a runner oame from Waddee to say he wanted to see mo. I goes down, ana thero was the old ehap propped up, dressed out in soma blaok'a fixings, his spears and weapons around him, and ,hia feller countrymen seated in a oirole, When he saw me, he smiled. 2 bent down, He took my hand, pressed it weak like agin hia scarred breast, and says he, " Carbon good feller-this. Good feller, - white feller-some time jump up along-" And then, blest if he didn't die oft auddenfc with his eyes fixed, like a dog's, on me." ' Old Jack paused here to refresh himself. Then he began to smoke violently, " That's all then, Jack," said I, " Yes, that's all, It ain't much of a yarn, but it goes to show, don't it, that tho devil's aotsqblaok as he's painted? It's timo to turn in," Three Very OM Stories.TAt a reception to Eav, Dr. Seward, in Now Britain, Conn., recently, reminsoenees were in order. It was said that Dr. Seward insisted, when appointed pastor in 1836, that he should not be called upon for more than two publio serving a*oh Sunday i that ono member of the church shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would receive graoe to preach in the morning gnd afternoon, and, " if his strength hold out he might oontinue in the evening." Dr. Seward told of receiving a bushel o! turnips once for marrying a oouple, and soma years later tho bridegroom appeared and passed out £2 10a. saying » My wife has turned out so well that I feel justified in this expenditure," A man onee came into a ohurch late, and started, with squeaky boots, to walk the whole length of a ride gallery, when an ex change paator stopped suddenly in his prayer, opened his eves, and, pointing a long finger at the disturber, said, " You sit down right where you arc 1" He then went on and finished his prayer. Useful Dogs.-The British Government has deoided to remit the tax on doga employed on tho south coast of devon, These animals perform the novel work of catching hold of a rope thrown from fishemen's boats. They bring it ashore, and the people who are waiting there are able to haul in the boat through the surf. The rocky coast prevents j fishermen from pulling the boat ashore with, out the dogs, who have to be trained to tho work, whioh is extremely risky. f£he world, if aver it is to be reformed by men and through men, oan only be so by tho personal intercourse of living men, living epistles, not dead ones, Love, meekness, kindness, forbearanoc, and unselfishness, manifested in human eouls uttering them selves by word, look, end deed oan alone re* oouorata men. fli© rfruo Story of Jfm« We had laid up that night on the Platte Biver. Mr. Oolby, tho Sheriff, of Arapahe County, had come down to Chuff's ranch in searoh of jurors, and, seeing a party of Eastern tourists camped near by, had walked over to make our acquaintance. He was so fresh and breeay and withal, so genial and gentlemanly, he had such an air of being master of tno situation and himself that we woro all of us glad when he accepted ouv commissary's invitation to romain and sup with us, After tea we gaily assembled around the roaring camp fire, and for awhile wit and laughter winged tho happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, the gusty talk blew over, silence fell upon us with the night. Our shepherd, for once unmindful of the tender lambs he had led forth into the wilderness, was seated astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. Tho commissary bad folded the map of Colorado, and, dumb aa a door nail, had slid himself down from tho bumpy log, on which he had been for some timo a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, tho eoul and genius of our party, had, for "a sea eon, turned the key upon wit and song, Graoafully throned on her hand-trunk, she watched, in silence, the bright and happy sparks that danced a carmagnole as they rose, light-footed, from the orange flames, All was quiet upon the Platte; the tonguos oi the waggons were not more silent than ours. The Sheriff of Araphoe waa the first to break the spell. "I otarted in to tell you," he eaid," the true story of Jim while we were at supper, but I struok a snag in the shape of aflapjaok and didn't get on with it." "It's not too late for it yet," said the com inigaary, " Well,"^ continued Mr. Colby, " twenty years ago I was stopping at Hard-up, Gal., trying to dig my fortune out of a mine there. In the town was a one- horse lawyer named Smith Johnson, who was about the biggest eofe in all the diggin's round. And Smith bad a son named Jim-a red-haired, freckled lace little 10-yoar old scamp who was the terror of all the hen roosts and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim's heart was this. I had a water-melon patch that was, if you'll forgive tho figure, the apple of my eye. One evening I walked forth into my gardea to view it, and what should I eee In the middle of it but that ekcosioa, Jim, letting into one of my water melons as lively as a mole. Up I oame in the rear and gathered up Jim by the waist-band, whereat, finding bis little game was bloobed, be eomminwd to wriggle and bowl, "1 Let me go,' said be. '1 won't oome here HO mo,re. Please lot me go, Mr. Colby.' " ' Oh, yon young aoamp,' said I. ? I've got you now ana I thiols I'll keep you. I find it's very eefe to punish these bad boya that are BO ready to bo good whan they're caught. Do you know what I'm going to do with you?' eaid I, giving him a final shako and setting him up on his pins. ' I'm going to Bend you to jail.' "'Oh, pleaso, Mr, Colby, give mo a whippln' an' lot me go.' . ".No,I haven't any right to whip you, but I'm obliged by the law to send you to jail, and I ean tell you a jail is an awful plaee. There's rats there 1' "1 Oh-o,'groaned Jim. J «'* And sometimes in tho night they gnaw off your toes.' " . Please, Mr, Colby,' whined Jim. " ^ And your nose,' said I, ' and you hayo to go to bed without any candle, and yon oan't^play poker, and they do say that the ghosts or the people that were thero before and got hung for stealing watermelons eomo baok at midnight and make a dreadful noiae. Ob, I oan toll you, it's no fun to go to jail.' " Well! after I had chaffed the little aoamp .long enough, I gave him a sermon on the moral law and let him go with nothingworae than fright, but, after that, strange to say, Jim and I were eheek by jowl. " Some timo after tho watermelon fracas," continued Mr. Colby, " I was going up tho guloh to Soooptown when I eaw, on the aide of the hill, the traoka of tho Vigilenee Com. mittee. They were three road agents tbat^ had been tried and hung the day before and left suspended from the branoh of a tree to . strike terror into the heart of evil doere. Well, thero was a mob o! boya round this monument of justice, and they were divert ing thomselvea with running down the bill and swinging tho luckless road agents to the breeze. Jim was just receiving the oheers of tho crowd for sending his man up to the branohes, whore ho had lodged a minuto be fore ho came down, when he spied mo in the road and oame to meet me, ,MYer ace, Mr. Colby,' he began, in a rather depreo&tory; voice, . I didn't sea no uee in them three thieves loafin'on that branoh without being any use to th<ynaolves nor no» body else, so I just sot thera up in businesa. And now I've come dawn to ask whether you've flaw an old whisky barrel on lega about here.'" i "'A whisky barrel ?'" said I. 'Why, no. | Jim. What do you mean "1 Oh, I mean the old 'un, of course. He'a gettin' most uncommon bad lately.1 " Jim,' eaid X. ' did you never hoar about honoring your father?' ".Honor that old sardine! He! ho! Itaally an' actually now that's a good 'un. Vou'd have eommeraefcted out o' yer skin to have seen that old coon last night. I come home, goin' on to 11, when ho hcerod some* thin' rattlin 'round, an' ho riz up,and when ho oeod mo, one leg out and one leg in, he says, says he, 4 Jim, whar'va you been ?' ' an' I says, saya I, 'I've been down to ,tha Silver Tooth,' "'Then,' says ho, . m* what was you doin' tb&s;?' ..a was playin' a Ii&Ho; gama of poker,' said I. "' Did you make anything Jita ?' Bays ho. "'Yea, sir,8 saya I, . I won three pounds.' Then there oome a big thaw ia faitt-roismj en'ho says, says he, (meitin' like), 'James Medifloa, i»y oon, tate that thar jug that's at the head of this bed and jitep right sound to old Shorty'q and git mo a gallon of fuo^olasa benzine,' eaya he. , " 'But I lost it all agin, father,' says I. k " Well, sir, ho rarea up in bed, an' aaye^ .' You little scamp, ef I oateh you round to the Silver Tooth agin I'll take tho hido an' hair off yer. Hain't you gotnothid' better to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a-gamblin'an' diBgracin' of yer family ?' says he, buatin' out crying' like as though he'd jest buried bis demijohn, At this point in his narrative Mr. Colby, ; paused. "The sequel!" eriod Philomel. " Lat'e hear how Jim wound up. "I left Hard-up," resumed Mr. Cqlby, " about two years after I first met Jim. Three years later I happened to be in Virginia CTty, and one day while thero, as I was coming out of the harbor's shop, who should walk up but Jim himself, ? Why, Jim,'eaid I, . where'd you oome from? and where'd you get all those good clothes V "' Them oloihea,' said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' them olothes, I oharged 'em to the old man. That's a.good un, ain't it? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't oome out as a reformed individual, and it was positively necessary to get some re formed toggery.' " How did you get reformed, Jim ?' said I "Well, you see,Mr. Colby, father and I eome over hero about two years ago, and aa soon as I oome I took hold of a lot of boya hero who didn't hayo nobody to teaoh 'em to ba aa bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see KG much talent going, to wftflto, so X organised 'em Into a gang of theivea.^ Well, e.ir, I oan tell you we did a psretty lively business, but one Sunday Bishop Tuttle was runnin' the'Piaoopsl outfit in that meetm' house over there, and I jist thought | I'd go in. Now I couldn't toll yer, to save my akin, what ho said to the orowd. (Beloved brethren ho called 'em), but, by jing, when I come out I just get dow© on a dry goods bos and I begun to turn things^over in my mind, an* I says to myself; » The way you are goin* on, Jim, you'll ba in tho penitentiary before you're a man; you'll just have to turn in an' reform.' So I went an' got these here olothea an'now I'm printing for my livin' in the En« lerpwea office. Do you think, Ms. Colby, if a boy like mo turned square 'round he.eauld it, aay good?" "' Jim,' I said,' a fcoy like you ean do what he pleases.' Well, I talked to him a long while, and when we parted the mist that had been gathering in his eyes foil down in rain. I have never seen Jim sinoo, but last winter X read in a Nevada paper that the Hon. Jamea Madison Johnson had been elected Speaker of the House of [Representatives. A Mere Aceident.-In searching for gold in the mining regions, men sometimes hunt months and months before they find gold in any quantity. They find just enough to make them hope that nest day, or week, or month, they will find enough to make them wealthy. Often it is tho merest acoU dent that makes the gold visible, One of the Western papers gives an aooount of the way in which the proprietor discovered the gold where the mining camp Esmeralda is now located. The vein is what the miners oall " a blind ledgethat is, there is nothing on on tho surface of the ground to lead one to think that gold was beneath the surface. One - day the prospector saw a mass of decomposed quarts mingled with some dirt that had been soratohed out by ground-squirrels when dig ging holes in the side of the hill. He ex. amined the quarts oarefully, and decided to follow the holes dug by tho squrrel, Ha found the vein, and now a rich mining camp is located where the squirrels dug the holes showing the way to the gold. Her Social Position.-The Roman woman ia thought to have received much training, in the firet two centuries, through the great number of secret societies existing, The burial inscriptions show that she bora an important part in these, and even held office in some of the municipalities, Her moral character at this time, however, did not stand very high, if we may trust the hltf* toriane and satirists, .135 