. , SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1887. ~ :Experiences at a Bazaar, BY TAINTULUS. IT was on Eastor Monday evening, and I was stalking up Monaro street medita ting on the very bluoprospect of local in dustrios. MIy mood was indeed melan choly, but nevertheless easily aroused. I got'as far as the Commercial Hotel an'd was awakened from my somnambulism by somebody calling out, "Good evening, Mr.,Tantulus ;" I cocked one eye towards thes peaker,and kept the other fixed on the guirgling waters of the gutter. In the speaker I recognised an acquaintance, and replied, "Aw I how ars you " "First ol?s ; how 'ore' you and what do you intend to do with yourself to-night ?" he asked. " Weil,'. I roplied. "I was try ilig. to hire a boat, and -go boating in. Monarbostreet, but being?:nable to obtain on6,tI'abandoned'the idea." This ques tion and rnswer work-was almost played out, when my' friend -ventured a little further, arid in genuine Scottish accents asked, "'Will you come to the ' B'zaar' ?" On?l,,too .glad to find a break. in .the monotony, three: shakes, of lamp-post tfodiid ii'o abr~ast of "c'1amara's bar. I did not wait to see my friend follow, and now stood alone outsidothu counter. Be hind it, in' the pursuit of his daily avoca tionatood thlie genial host. He surveyed me' from h]ead to foot (no easy matter either, in one glanc3) and awaited an order. I said nothing, and presently he ventured to demand a name for it. I was still silent, and .lookirigj :round for. my friend, I found his pipsence was scarce. With slow pace, and eyes aglow with fire; I got outto the verandah, and there found him 6o611y awaiting my return. He re peated his question, but this timnie with such emphasis a to render a misunder st?nding impossible,. "Will .youcome to the (.B-i-za-aa-r I"! Glad to get away from the scene, Iasked, " Where ip it on "' " 911over ii. the Temperance Hall.". The wbedi?' temperanc b'n ~ l ght nie to a sense of my position, and I replied, " Yes,.I'll go." The hall lay on the opposite side of the street, and it seemed imposrisila to1 " get there :without. a boat.- Being "an pighteen-carat athleto, I backed up'against the palings,. surveyed the object, and with a Tom Malone-like effort, succeeded in negotiating the creek that lay between tho;footpath and the street. Findingmy ;elf on terra-firm?a ,on. the; safe side, I looked around and found my friend re adjusting, his boots over a pair of . wet socks. This, done, we got to the hall, and, alas how will I oever f:orgot it, we ei tred. Ait the door I parted with my friend, whom I never saw more. I stood and gasoz around the hall-it was fairly crowdied, and chlifly by ladies. I looked and saw a row of tables on which were stacked wares of all kinds, from forty- acre' BJ~lgksdown the tiny mustard-seed. I was os n.m wondorpnent, and quite unconscious: of the trouble that was in store for. me. Soon a pleasant old matron of about sixty. summers accosted me and said, "Sur, will-you-' go in' for this wedding cake?' it's only one ahillin' and if you git it we'll: glyg' you0two pounds for it." I did ' go int anid pirted the silver currency good iatuiedly. From this, henceforth, it was' a diflioult task to get away from a " spoon" with the ladies, but for that privilege you had to pay one shilling at least, and"I-con sider it was bought cheaply provided I was not subjected to rough usuage.. I proceeded ilowly through the hall, push ing amy-way as I went, and listening to the clatter of a hundred tongues. I was -ask-ed to " go in" for various articles watdhes, pipes, pictures, cushions, nut crackers, egg-beaters, cradles, perambula .tors, sheep,' etc. For each of those I conenuted'to part the proverbial' "bob." ,? oving up the hall Vdry slowly, I-was spotted by a lady of eagle porcoptivoness. I was junconscious of it, but was surprised" to see the crowd falling and rushing in-a Stifusend-mass like a' Malayan townriin a cycloneY:I'?he paThssage' wais :dircctedl to-. wards me, and I felt that my end was near. Like the Jews, ore the destruction bf.lthdireity, tI sought the temple,, but iaias, in vain,; itWase too Jateo-I fell a vie tinm.- T was seized by the arm, and with a siiudden jerk,adccompanied 'by a "you Sknow what:ydospromisabd nie this evening,' ro~ghtertb the flodr. I th'otright I would' : be looked upon with merciful oeyes, but no, Iwas a victim, and in the hands'of: power ' I Ihad to submit, and permit tr.y Selt~ir ti6 ~g isrefully- sweop thi' floor with' my nhumuliated ody to' theo great detr . sent of amy ,"Sunday togs." - Having s uccededod in'ltting me to the table, she relaxed lier grip, and left the imprint of eight fingers and two thumbs on my arm,; and that of a.narrow toed boat on the' side-of my -head. On coining to myn senses I remonstrated with the young laidy and demanded to know her authority for this illasing a loyal subject and a stranger. "'IMy authority ia a privilege not prohibited by the now 'divorce;act;" she replied "'and i wantu a siiiling.- from you for this silver teapot." A 'shilling and by'the way the shillings were getting scarce by this time-" Will a shilling pur chase my freedom and compensation for breakage ?" I asked; "Yes," she replied, "and a chance of getting a silver teapot." I parted oncomore and .gavo my name and" got"-away to a silent corner to meditate "'on: the` disaste'r that- bofel me. Lamenting my .positioii and : great export of cash I now determined to push my ;way across -the room and, wait the course of events. By this timo I-was in terested to the extent of about twenty shillings in the various rafloes, but was told that the 'fan tan busine.s would not begin for some time. -For a' few minutes (while I occupied the floor of the house) I remained- unmolested, but this I -knew. could not last.long. Presently I was aac ccsted by a young lady, whoso pleasant countenance betokened' success: in the retail' businiess. '.She carried under her arm' a box, which I know by the timber used in 'its construction and the. nature of the architecture contained the real thing-sanokes'.' '!Ah, Mr.. Tantalus, I've been looking-for you ; do buy a cigar they're only sixpeince each and real good.' I tried to knock the seasoning out of her entreaty by remarking, ' I don't snam-- " "That will do," she broke in, " I know you are a big consumer of the luxury, and lot me toll you that you will be a big sufferer by the excise duty-" Such-an insinuation as the last I_.manfully re sented,.anid defended myself against the charge of using colonial weed. This was playing into her hands, for at once she grappled with the situation and pointed out that her wares were the- '"real Murias." In the middle of a suppressed sigh I moaned, ' Oh colonial industries, I see thee dying before my eyes, and my favourite 'cheap smoke is a thing of the past." n hile trying to bottom my bottom my pocket I hurled an imprecation at the heads of Parkes and Burns as long as that Farrel 'in -his poem hurled at the head of the man who stole the parson's cask of beef. I advanced- the required sixpence and got my smoke. It was an understood. thing whoever purchased cigars in the hall could smoke them there. Taking advantage of theo con cession I stlo myself off to a corner, there I found an empty champagne bottle which I gracefully upended, and in the words of Cardinal Wolsey " laid my weary bones upon it." Here I intended to enjoy a smoke, 'but, loudest thunder, when I applied the lucifer I found I required a duplicate mustard poultice to the back of my head to draw the cigar. Dissatisfied and almost delirious I dashed the cigar against the floor 'and rose to my feet. •Were I to narratate the minor calls made on eiy almost bminpty exchequer I would die, but let me refer to a "monster. con sultation" I was forced into. Upon a table situated at the far end of the hall there was a beautiful display of articles for sale and also to be disposed of by fan tan o: some such nmeas. Among those wiares 'was a beautiful globo of flowers to be flis poaed of, at, bless my soul ! two shillings per chance. The ladies, oh the ladies r If,I lhad twenty-two eyes and ears and twice at many tongues, I could have per hhps`contended with my beseigors, but being of the ordinary class I was over :matchcd. This was the only single in 'stanne in which I found a gentleman a right hand supporter in the business. This young'gentloman never appeared so happy in his life-lie i'as at home quite, and while at this businoiss reminds me of a man who can draw a cork and an infer ence at the 'same time. He' however' talked tb me and .admired the lady at the same time. Whenever an exigency oc curred in his entreaties his lady partner in business filled it up with a tight-fitting wedge. I fought him for a long time and at'last his ammunition was spent and I fancied :I secured'iny firat victory. B3ut no, he received a reinfiirconment. The young lady seized ine by the hand (unfor .tunately, the one next my cash pocket) wl'iili only meanta prolongations of agony. TIlb' strugg1o couldanot last muich longer- it was all ip.now.. She began to refer to my splendid qiialities and tried to impress' the o.great-ndcoessity of doing' this for.the church. This was not accomplishinig the object, however, and I:heard hier remark, "! This is.the hardest case we liave, had yet" :I1 thoughtZLhad ,gained a victory n n?o htn no this vunar 'hsv nmnrd hlnr. self a firstaclass strittigiat. 'Never until then did a glance have such a- fatal effect. She ghinced,` sheodid; and I would con sidor I- wai lateoi like the warship Nel son if I 'withtood it. Alh ! that glance '.fbtchbd" me an~d the wanted two shil lings as as well, and gave b~o a chance in the globe. This .wai myalst 'spec., the cash was all gone and now I waited for the result :of 'te raffles. `While brodding over my financial state, I was aroused by the clear ringing voice of Mr. Mor.in shouting "(Mr. Paiitilus." In respect tor voice, Mr. Moran has a grand one, .whiclimalkes about 520,000,000 vibrations'to the seoond, completely out pacing his namesake, the :Cardinal. On hearing the name of Tantalus. I jumped. as high as the 'price of- land in George street, for I felt convinced I had won the wedding cake. I started off at a great rate upsetting little boys arid their toys, pushing all persons, without rosliect to sox, who chanced fo come in my way, mooting abuse at all corners for my kind ness. I reached- Mr. Moran at last. I stood, I could not speak. T looked at the ocke and thouglt, is that mine? I was nervous, and at last ventured to- speak. In a.very cracky voice I asked " \Vh-a-a-t did-d you wa-.-nt" nio for ? " "Ha," I was calling you till I 'was hoarse, and when you did notcomno I throew for youi aid ou did iort get near it.". Oh, crushed for a start, but unfortunately it was: only the beginning of a series of disaippdintments that iwas in store for nie. ,My-hopo )iow lay in the globe, and when '-Tantalus" Was called lie rushed with the same fury as before, and once more caine into contact with dlisarpointment,. All was up, I did not even have a ghost., I attacked the young. lidy who. led me intob: lia j .nnecessary expehditure, -but didn't she console me. " Oh, poor Tar talus,". said she "I am so sorry, and you fought a good battle, only tb bo defeated in the end, but of course that's our littli gamiie." 'I'left the hall with the avowed intention. of never again going to a bazaar.. At a late hour of the night I retired to my. rooms,.and was there agreeably surprised to hear thrit I won an ink bottle. I was delighted and jubilant enough to sky my hat over the post office tower, but refrained froin such until I found' out whether the bottle was worth all I spent. No, I will never attempt such a feat with my hat, I am not justillied in doing so. : Tu DnAarATIO IOUiTs Or 'NOVELISrT. " Apropos of your notice of Mrs. Henry IWood,' writes a corroep rodent of the Pall IMall Bidyct, " you may like to know that over ar.dmabovo the enormous sale of ' Fait Lynno' in England, the sales in America have been cornsiderably over a million copies. Yet Mrs. Wood never received one penny from the pirates. I was told once that if she-had received £1 a'nigh for each performance of ' East Lvnne sheo would have received upwards o £50,000. iBut neither in this cane did sli receive a single penny from the adaptors This is treasure unprotected uad ex posed on the public highway to every dramatic tramp who comes along. VWhile Mr. Gladstone has occupied Parliamnent for years with his Irish business, all English business, including a -new Copy right Act, has gone to the wall, or the dramatic rights would have been arranged on an equitable basis." Fre .B3vRIAL,.-Last year the canton of Basel added to its "Socialist" law of. free schooling a still more Socialist law of free burial. The now legislation' has made the State the chief frtron and em ployer of the undertakers. The coflins are provided, as Lord Norton and other English opponents of free schooling would say' " out of the taxpayer's pocket. ' Every Croesus in the little iepublic is buried, to use their phrase,"as a pauper," at the public cost, though his friends can add any ddegreo of pomp which they may think fit. . The State has just been called to undergo one of the first disadvantages of its bold extension of Socialism. The jurisdiction over funerals rests in the hands of tilhe Sanitary Department, and a nmjority of the master cotlin makers in Ba sel canton have addressed a petitionto the Government complaining of unfairness in the distribution of orders. The Depai t inent did its very best to be fair. Two purveyors of coffllins were elected in each district; all order of coffins were sent to one during the firat six months of the year, and to the other during the remain ing six months. The coffin had to be de livered gr.ttuitously at the house in which the death had occurred. The results of the well intentioned mode of dividing orders have not been'agrceable either to the trade or the bereaved families. One coffin-maker lhas had twice as many orders as his colleague, and the families haive complained that at a time in which they wish most to be served by a friendly' ac quaintance or neighbour they have been visited by a complete stranger. The petitioners ask the Government to amend the law by- giving the kinsfolk of the deceased person permission to eimploy whatever "master" they prefer ns 'coffin maker, providing, that lihe delivers a coffin corr.sp mnding with the legal model. TaFe Sitae Or MUNKAC.Y? a " CHRIST so?ORRE PiLATE."-The Paris correspon dent of' the' London Daily Tel'clrapeh. writes :-A telegranm received from New Yoilk has just been conmmunicated to me, which states that A1. de Munkacsy's. picture of " Christ before Pilate" has been sold for thelutnaAug sum of .$120,000-that is £25,000. I will take this to be the hight price ever yet given for a modern painting. The enthusiastic purchaser is an ametuer of Philadelphia, 'Mr. John Wanamaker, who is, I hear,.a dealer in what our American cousins call dry goods. While our noble dukes are selling their old masters, American trades man are buying the best specimens of the new school. It is said that the exhibition in Europe of MI. 1uutikacsy's picture, for which so high a price lis just been paid, brought in £40,000, while in America the profits are expected to be still greater. RoMANTic' MA?nRtlAOE o A SOcopLoIn,. \--In.the Court of Serious Elinburglh, on Tuesday, Lord M Larne heard evide-ice in aln nction of divd ce by Isabella Sanderson ot Edinburgh, against harlis Underwood, surgonoft Edinburgh, now. in Bombay. She plaintitff said aslowas tiventy years of age, aiid: was married to the defendant, a half-casto, in J.uly, 1882, when she was sixteen, before a registrer. She was a pupil-teacher, and got married 'dring the school lunch lhour, being driven back to 'school by hier husband in time for after noonlessois. She next saw hin on the following inmrnimug for a few minutes in the street, and gave him thie marriage certifi cato at his reocyest. She told her father of the marriage two days nrterwards, out she did not ace her husband again till the following September,' when he called at her fatlher's house. 1Her father refused to. allow lher to live with her husband until he could provide a horn. Underwood then left the house, and she had not seen him sinde. He returned to her through a friend, a lock of hair she had given him. Adecreo-of divorce was granted. S -A mysterious mission from the Sou dancso is reported, envoys sent from the %Mahdi's successor having been allowed to 'pass through Wady Halfa with mnissives. , Owing to the bursting of an old sewer at the corner of Balfour and O'Connell streets yesterday, three inhabited houses ,collapsed entirely. The inmates just escaped. Throee commissioners arnto be appointed under the now Railway Bill-ono with a salary of £2500 and the others with £1500 each, the appointmlonts to be for seven yeara. WVELrt's HaT1, BALSA?.-If gray, re stores to original colcutr. An elegant dressiitg, softens and bonutilies. No oils no grease. A tonic restorative. Stop, hair comining out ; strengthens, cleanses, hoAls salp,. 3 Pronor.,tx !---Fot Tix. T irif ..e l, ht.Arit.-A fer drops of the liquid " Floril,"' eprinll:le.d on a wet toothl brush prod.hces a pl?a:irt lather, which thoronhly cI,?luses the teeth from all pasi.ltes it intpurltiel,'h;r,ieas the illIs, prceislts tanrtar, Ptol? deco2r lves ? hthe tOeth a peculir ) iarly. witwneso sud n dellghtful fragrantc to th hrea:th. It reusors ll tIlnl,lwt.io lt odouir alringil frollm dtl .antc d ttelth or toitu"o mtltuItd.' "Theu Falunl-lwt rlurilittc," behry eoutlpusti ill hiut of IHoley autd sweet herb. it del'. cious to the t.ste, and the gCrea.tcet toilet dlseorery of the age. Price L ftl, of all Chenttists rutd ].et[tiat tot Whocaale deget removed to 93 Fnnlngdon Ruad 