THE RESURRECTION: A MEDITATION. . It was impossible that Christ should be holden of death. The promise of the Father made it impossible ; the holiness of the Son made it impossible; the abiding on Him of the Spirit made it impossible. Why, do we not know that we live by God's Word more than by bread ; that nothing that is holy can die for ever : that where the Spirit of the Lord is there is liberty, and there is life ? So He burst the gates of brass, and rolled away the stone from the sepulchre, and with soul and body came forth free ; and not like Lazarus, bound hand and foot in the grave clothes of our mortality, but, having left behind Him the garments spotted by the flesh, a new and spiritual Man, needing none to 'loose Him and let Him go.' Before He could see corruption, before that fourth day on which the worm should claim its due, our Lazarus, our 'Help of God,' rose and revived. And we dwell upon these things, not merely that, at the thought how He spoiled those principalities and powers, we should break out into exulting song, 'O death! where is thy sting? 0 grave! where is thy victory1?' but that we may take comfort for ourselves, knowing that we who follow Christ here follow Him hereafter ; that where He went we shall also go ; that even dying we do not pass out of His history, or out of His protection ; that in the nethermost depths we shall still find traces of His presence and proofs of His love ; that in darkness and in the pit these unclothed souls of ours, incapable of work or action of their own, may be used, who can tell? by the Holy Ghost Who inspired our Lord, to be ambassadors or heralds to ignorant spirits, who never heard the Gospel preached when they were alive, and that whatever rest or felicity God may allow us there, our hope and longing is still not there to be left ; nay, more, that it is as impossible for us to be holden of death as it was for our Master, and that when our brief Sabbath in the sepulchre shall come to an end, there shall break for us, too, a glorious Easter morn, when they that are Christ's shall, on the day of His coming, repeat the marvel of our Lord's resurrection, and that kingdom of heaven, which flesh and blood, this corrupt and mortal nature of ours, cannot inherit, they shall inherit who shall be flesh of our flesh, and bone of our bone, and who shall be able to say, each one for himself, as our Lord said in His resurrection body, ' Handle Me and see, for a Spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see Me have.' 