novelist. DAYS OF CRIME AKB YEARS OFSUFFERING. Ax Autobiography. Reprinted from " The Australasian" of by special permission.) CHAPTER XIV. KEWOAXE. Newgate. How suggestive the very word 1 What associations cluster round the name 1 How the heroes of the far-famed " Calendar " start iqto life at the very sound, and are visioned before ns in all their pristine glory I How it bears the memory back to the good old times, and begets a reverence for " The grand old law, the simple plan. That he should take who has the power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glidebefore ns as we breathe the mystic syllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheatb, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sbeppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate 1 &ou; great school for the improvement of the mind upon the mutual instruction system ; thou world of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of unknown tongues; with thy choice precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philofojjhical theories and thy daily practices, ho w many a youth hast thou filledwith a spurious and misdirected -emulation, and been the means of raising to the most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and ihe mansion itself becoming his mausoleum 1 More than once have rtrodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their nnepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet's words and found it easy to believe that there might rest "Some heart once pregnant with oelestial fire; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre." I have often h£ard -it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried .footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, il yon like—pftłfiKfrt ccmiiifippe fog ffthiffiiltution, and the meretricious manner in which they were decked out appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weak- ness. Bat here, how different 1 No wide portals replete with architectural ornamentation were opened for my reception. A little (wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in a moment the busy street was. behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not unpleasant smile upon his faoe. In those days photography was not inthe service-of the prison, and so my personal appearance and previous history bad to he sketched with j>en and ink. This was done instanter—Eve feet seven* and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born at Finchley, Middlesex/age sixteen, once in prison before for vagrancy, congenital brown marh on rightside near upper ^riba— and the picture was complete. I was then introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three inmates. I was by no means appalled by the look of the plaoe. 1 had been familiar- worse in - my non-profcEeional days. There was accommodation only for nine, if my memory senoa ids rightly. The berths were contained in a three storied frame, and there wens, three rugs and mat to each berth. 3B» ward contained a fire-place,but Hie weather being warm there was of course no fire. Over the fireplaoe was a bust rudely carved, which ray companions assured me was a traditiona likeness of Jack Sheppard. -^Ubove this wse a large board, on which was a painted notioe that any deEacing or injury of the books! daced in the ward would meet with punishment. What books were referred to I cannot say, for I never saw any, except In chapel, daring my sojourn in thfrjixisnn. -. There wsi a dietary sale hanging pp hy the iidfl of the ward door, and a glanoe at this convinced me that the turtle-loving civic authorities had framed "it in -a sympathetic: 4pxnt*' I- should like to minutely record 'their generous bili of fare, bot my. inemory 19 treacherous. I know ; that , Jke gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread!*?** pand, and the meat andpotatoes satisfying. The precise quantities i -cannot botr qpe<jfy> I only passed one nightin the reception ward, Md this I spent fasteningto the narrations ot my companions, twool whom were in for Passing counterfeit coin, and the other for Pickrng pockets. I must admit, however, tnat their language for the most part was incomprehensible to me. The piokpockei described how he fanned a bloak's kick, and Stan touched him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he lnade tracks like winken; that tbe bloak con tanned to give beetment; that a flat stopped bun, and handed him over to a crusher; that he tad slang the dummy; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so he was f ullied to the start, and was sure to get seven stretch on account of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about bang out of date, smaehng half bulls and counters, rin ringthe changes, <fco. I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my tum astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon dedared I was no flatafter all. In this manner passed my firstnight in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me.-I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with, the exception ot being larger, was in all respects the same as the recep tion-ward. There was the fireplace, and the painted board with the book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs. There were also two ta bles and four forms, which I remember exceedingly well, as the forme were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove- half-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight of these were employed at a wellknown prison game called " coddem." As I was well-SreEsed and differed a good-deal in appearance from the general inmates of the plaoe, attention was immediately directed towards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some o! my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained was_ a belcher," had changed ownership, having been adroitly filchedfrom my pocket by-some light-fingered artist in the ••dipping" line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the loss good- hnmoredly, end as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favourite with my companions. My prisonacqnaintanceswere by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, for when we were out In the airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four yards were together., I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly wbs astonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Publicly in the airing-yards lessont in crime were zealonsly taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fiuenttongue^ explained their various fises..The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical Instructions in " buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in eaying that the zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of instruction go varied and so apt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twenty good-looking, tolerably -well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its eoholastic sense. He was one of the most expert pickpockets in London, and was known as *' Sullivan the Wire." Tbe other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigum; was a shrewd man of the world with a' fair amount of intelligence; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried on business in London as a " fence "; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teachers, the one giving practical lessons, and the other enforcing with ia dangerous plausibility his favorite theories. Many an -hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestnesB worthy of a better cause in instructing me how to pick pockets. He was an adept at the business himself, and by constant practice 1 soon became as expert as he was. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit in tbe world except on one occasion", when, having had my pocket hook taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three,-! followed them inte a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into tbe bargain, a regular "diamond-cut-diamond' affair. My other Newgate companion— Johnson the fencer-was, in his teachings, of a tar more dangerous character. In favor of crime he advanced the same sort of argument that had oocnrzsd to myself. But there was this difference between ns, however ennningly I might entangle myself in my own sophisms, I was never completely deceived by them, bnt always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was otherwise. His mind was so utterly warped that he bdievedas he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own pernicious dooteines. Faith, either in the false or the true,begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. His arguments on myBelf were thrown away, for I have never confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself ol, and if X am cow an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several fiashsongs Ibr the great master linguist, to he sung in the prison yard, but I'now. turn from them myself with loathing, andcannot suppose that the reader would do .other wise. ' These compositions were more enrions than edifying, Jt-iraathns thatIjassedthe time inNew- But what could lie .expected ? The activities of the min^ cnll employ themselves, and in the absence of "everything good they are Eure to oooupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it is sot much to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoners dismissed crime in all its ramifications, and were daily fittingourselves for stall more guilty deeds on our return to the world flan those for which we were then awaiting onr doom. ss JtaMn»l8a8on or the otto me tasnw^ frequently changed from ward toward, by the time the «""""'"»commended lhad made the aogaaintaheeof nearly.eveiy committed prisoner In tbejgaol.; I thus had the criminal character beforemeinavBriety of its phases; 0iuL,~young as I was, and quite as criminal as any-there, Ianalysed it witha kind of philoiicmhiod Intertet. Among the rankest weeds l there were eł£Q flowers struggling for existenbe^-Sn the natures the most depraved redeeming trails were to be found. Most of the crime around me was tjf prison growth, and the fountain-heads whence flowed ail its ctreuBB wot Ignoranoeahd poverty.' i : A (Totia/niinued.) • JMon BonciCWnlt has iieen telling that ^^l^afler waSstjBnd ^nłhfnl air due to al- Geree W. Childs has a complexion like a b ^ mple; Seldom ^to anything at Qjf grot JdihSBW Ległeś,, ą^d touches 