A CHRISTMAS TAEit OR ?TIl YARRA TRACK. a 0 Y 13 Earao, CHAPTER IV. o When Jarl IInkon became conscinus he was In a comfortable bed, anld the kind anlld benevolent-looking face of an elderly mint was lookling down on hihn. "At last you have come to you are all right, now," tile elderly man alld. " Where am I ?" nkoed Jarl. On On board lthe Osprey, bound for Mfnl I borlne, Australia, of whhllt I no Captainl " replied the elderly loan, and then continued, "You are weak yet, and must not talk yet. 3 VWe founld you elloolliool o rll mle floating planks yesterday. Here, bike this I It will do you good I while I go and got you somoe thling to eat I" antild no le spoke hle gave Jlrl some wine, and llltho l rriei away, A week roter Jarl was quite well, and the Osplrec being shorthanded-Ihavlng lost i ouerlol of mon inl tie lnto storm--he joined her, telling Iho on nil bard lthat hle had been washed off (tie Voilillrr, andl nt that Ihe was thrown overboard 1 for le thoughl t anld hoped Ievmor to see Aluf Alson again., But such was not the will of fiate In due time the Osprey arrived at Mel bourne, where the oxcltenlenlt caulsedl by tile wonderful Ilnds of gold was tit Its height. DI).lly and Ihourly motley crowds of would -'e diggers and fortuno sookers were leoving (l , elhnrlun lld wandingl their waiy 11t coulntry to the onlderful I'ldorado., uavery coollutvable tnrade aud profession wars repOe eaoledl ll this contltined,evor- moving crowd, from the Caurrbvrdgo graduate to t poor llodge, vlwho had loft thie plough to sock the proverbinl pile, and return to rIll Mary Anlll. Jlek tar had also the fever and de seorted his ship at the beak of t(Ihe glden god, and the Osprey Last anchor adljeelt to several srlils that were compiltely deserted by their crews ulld sollo by their Cbptaiins. The crew of tih Osprey were hane, land ia week after tir arrival oile hlltl uonly her captain left i her crew had gole to ncek their pile. As wei or alnone Iterested rl Il nkonl we will follow bhio, lbe Joined it party bolllll for loIndigo, whore tlhey sucoceeded tll gettinlg ai rich goldenl claim, Iold Ili the course of a few loathlts, they had several hluodlrrd ounces each rolt of It artl 1ail sold hi-i shorn to ndvantalgo I for he wishedI to retuortn to old Norway to his wife arnd child, lnd bring theml to thlis, lo Itro .ye+, soutohert l r tllnuo, 1So, with more timoney than hie hId everl, hI his wioldest lldrea , explcoled to ow, l lo ok ship for EIiiglatllol noll froml thence to Norwayt; nild It WanIs PI beautiful autumn eovetningl whloa Ihe filnd himhnself Rgait I1u Litlrvig. It had haret dork a good whltte when lhe turlled hls steps down the lante in whiolh Ills ootage stood I lond a Ilight breeze wtas Ilolwing tile yellow tt amltlao leaves niloss the little Into as el went atong. Ilto was thinking, al n he walked on, how str, isedl slid hapIpy lis wife would lie to see fhIl retullrln rifter utolt a lonbg IIabsence and hIiow gId twho woIon he whlin Il ti lt her of his wealth t anld uhow tinid aldi frighteootd little tChitoy would Ile .till silo know lhir. 'Ihen Ihe wondered whether tihe had grownI mutch I whethellor so courl talk und laugh, and prattlo to him t and whethetlr hio wife would know him. And tis Inheart kept be. tilg quick for very joy I nlld 'l is pace glot twifier llrl swiftelr its he went, An Ile Initr1o nearer tin coutld seI til colttage. 11t how guy It seemled-i-t twis brighllt with IIlghts. 1i could not o ndr Stold it. Sare'y hlls wifen hinad not left Ilthre P Adll yet salo might have. It was nearly two yeiar na hco Ite wetrllow.y flruidi lie h d Ionever wrote. Ills heart hoet still qoolker na this thouightl pisoed thlroIgRh his r.hind, tnd tohe lnreised his already qutlok fnte I but ihe had not gonea far when hoe mot a Iboy, ol hom hon Inqullred after hill wife, " I)Doe tMr, I lkenl Ivoe in yonder colnago tmy hby " h0e naked, pointing dolwn tilea " Yen, air. lhnt she ls not Mrs. Ilnkont now; I sli was married to-iday. Thlat is why I It In Ilghted orup ao rutch to.night I they are keepiing up the wedding." " Married to-day I Who to, hey ? ThI i anllot be, Jarl iakeon is n1ot yet doadl," said Jarl, wltl a qulvering voice, oatchlling the I boy by tile rlot,. "Olt, s e, air I Jnrl tlakoll is deatd, le dlied at soe, yearo ago I and Ilo wltow has , lmarrled AIfll Alien to-day." ' " Alut Arlat I I O, Got, is thls true, I boy ?" too snol;, hclitthhll `iheto boy's arml tighter to his grasp as ht spoke, wtlci told Ihe depth of thrI earrtltior, " Oh, yea, air I It Is true. They- " " Fiend ! Sneaok I Vlllll I Fool that I wan not to knitow this," shrloeked Jaril klln , nr no Ito rail swiftly dowll the lailo, leavinlg theo r boy Il the middlo of hit speecll, staldinlg I11 alanaelmeotl nt his sudden departure, rubbing i his armi. " Itet, card, anyhlow," sollaloqitnd tIho t boy i " ellla nr ot Il dIot. IBut, by gosh, I ihe slooezes hnrd. 'Slpect I wll bovo at blnock I oriml toollrlOrow," ud heo resrItnled Ilia inter rupted walk, After Jarl hbnd ri00 ohlout n hllndred yards l Ito otopptlt for tIn Ilrst frernay of htIo ptosnll waus overo, noId he wlsheo tod collect hlo tlhotg tni. " Fool I foa I" he kept on excltairmlng, 'f ilght ooavI thought tlI, . I iIghit ravO I foroinot theo deptho of hti vlllony. Too0 lIato 100 I one of toa rian ar0 tile tlr0 seat, Bolh of ut ? cantot live I" and he started to wnlk quirtckly on ganlll, o lluttoerlg, I11 ha It Wenlt, "Trhe dangger and the klfe! Ilio rsorrt fight or Ioe dies Ithe tdeanlth of a oaurn Tihanks to thIe goltloihl aolstol,r I oIIlI aitiy fc irtinls, It lterlt cotit off at oaun It", ottnd l t eollloterd lthe coltage Itt 11to npoke, utld folllrd r Ia1s0let0 tohe nIto room tIht Ahof AlIo tl dhlOl o lrl's wed volilng alght, wohen Io ulptot at thIon iolioa,, Thiere wre soenooll or eIght perontl.o of bolh sexes il thelo rtl to whnlo Jarl atored, lolo I alonlor lhmn wns ooln wifanod oliiloll d Allrtf t AlMe., bo As Alof mrw him he turned pale and shook Ilke an ispen. Ills wife uttered a slight screeo fi nd fell back in a filnl. All tile olhers turned pnle, rand sat quivering with fear, unable to move ; for they all recognised tile forml and features of Jurl IIlrakou-or, ra they thought, hlo ghost. Jarl snw their fear, and saRd, "Old friendaR nod nequalntnor ee, fear not. Fear not. I ont no ghost, 0n0 you seoal to thilk i but coml onoo flesrh and blood, likeyourselvers for I am he, Aluf Alsen--I ouil he whom you foully hurled into the black, eelthllg waters of the Atlantle; hoping and thinking, iIn your lmurderous heart, that I should lie buried in their depths for over, But, coward, you were wrong I for I was saved by ia. pasinog vessel ; and noev I have returned to wreak vengeance on your-not for thle attempt on lry life, that. I lhavo long since forlven youl, for, I mlly sllople blindness, 1 tloilghlt we woorl never 0 meet. ]But there Is to for giving Ibis Ist baso net of yours--for tllis steallng of the love of my wife, rnld blseling the light llrld hope of may life, there is naught raon alone bat your guilty, worthless life ; and thail, oowordly, rlneakig villain, I give you it chance to defo.d. lurre, taku thils nul do your worst I for I have sw or hlirt oon or bothl of 1s must die it once." And no lie spoke Ihe threw a long dagger oil tlhe floor at AloeI s feet ; and1u drawinIg It sheathkult.fe front his bell, Ihe waved It above his r lnd I; nd, witllh hi eyes glowing lko ifro Illn e lllamlighll , lie coultinled. " Rise, yeo cowairlly villain, ioa.l defeno yurerolf. Strike for yoor guilty, wo'rthless life. What Iyoucr. Will you dio lb k Iia drobg ? Must I murder you without you oarking 0ull effort to save yourself 1 Illeo, murderer, anld strike for your life. I will bandy nol uoro words, uint wll kill you like tile our that yoru fire." And hlie started forward with the knlfe gleanmring lhoveo hIs shoulder. Al t Ithat lUOime t crowd rushled throllgh theo door frol tihe next roolr. As rJol saw tholer he stopped, droew revolverr, llll, Ipresetiug It at 1tle crowd, shoutled, "Sltp, nlen I ltolr, or I fire, Let mle not llhave innIocent blood oil inl" hands, Its well as thIlt ororardly wrcitelt' there, whom you have lot power to save. lie has wronged me, und oughllt but his life can aollne. Now, If inly of voil 0move tloarer I will fire i" alid tile Ilash of Ills eyes told that 1he was il oar rlst, aod kept thle crowd spell. bound. lIReplacing Ilie revolver hi lls bell, he turned to AIlt, whleo ial picked iup tilo dagger, but ha:d not risen from his seat, As Jerl rlooked towards him his eyes glowed like balls of tire and, rnlslng the knife high lshorv his head, lie shouted, i Sneak I Cur I Villlhin Murderer I Risto ond defLiend yourself. Strike for yoor cowardly life or die the death of a dog, oa you deserve." Andl he bound towards Al u 00 hle spoke. Aluf, seeing lthat Ihe was coming in earnest, rose froln his seat ond sprIng forward, and tile two tCen cameo together int the milddle of Ihci roomr, For na morrment they slruggled, the kniveo gleoamin like sliver alroiks l to 01e m1p light to left alnd right. Then they gleamed aboveo tlelr heads for 0n Inlstanlt I n1d Ii that instanllt womlllanll dnhleo d betwrree the two menI. lut she was too late i for tile warrm blood gushed over her willie dress, Rnd Aluf AIseo relerd hills hold of the now useless dagger and fell ooack oil tle floor with a deep wounld in his breast ; and Chris. tilrn (for It was her wbll, dlshed between them), when she saw tlhe fresh blood, ullered a loud shrlck, and fell across tile proslrate forol In it d0eep swoon. Jnrl li'kon, who sl1ll lell tile bloody kielfn h Illa hlad, spurnilng the body with hll foot, mutlered, lhalh l"-tlhew tIle reoking knife oi the floor i rushlled to his child, clasped her uldler his left narol, drew the revolver with his rlght land, and moved bnackwrds Inwards the door. WIhell heo got to the door lie stopped; aid, looklng at theo paralysed gutsl, rlad. "'Countlrymenrl and nequaintlrllrc es, you ace bofore you ,JGrl lofboll-n-olleo oell kllnown amlollngs you I lhappy anld light of heart and free from till iroblerl o r care0.) and gillt. leas of aoghtlllhat could offend the nlmjeoty of thle kIw. But 0?ow you see him, gnulty of Its greatest crioe-m-urder ; with the randll of Cain on 0hl4 romw, anl Outoant nud rlt out lawr with his hand raised aganlst every oIlln, onuRd every Inlln' hand oailnst hhi. You hIre seen me do lhe deed lhat has nledo ale anl oltenst. lYou have ioent Il0e slily lirat villlain r ere, hoose carrionl er cnoe shtlia lhe Ifloor I lt onl Ilhave not felt the pargs that I have felt I which dlvroe iie to that deed. If youl hllll you coull feel it IlliIe pity for ieon. \lhen you0 thlnk of .larl llnkaiil'on one, try to lagingle yooursolveo Ir Ida poollsillt . ailnry ovniirself, tlhe ilo lnelk. iiess 'if midnlight, hilrled Into aR wild, roarlinr ceran by 0a shipmate. 'lThik lof lh dreadful so.ifferings-floalhitgl thlere for dilys- froni thirst, cohl, and lehunger I and ltn, nllstly, rehtrn hlomoo after i0 long tabsence, eauredl tlhrolugh flint vlllli, Thll k of thile lapll. neon adol joy vol0 expect tt sneeing youlr wile anldl ellll fii halllppy home, onl to finld thllat hIope nlso blihlltedl by thoe rplllr who lbti tried io ilmurder. Pult youroo'veo 0I lily iplaoo, tllis, nal s0e wlleoher volt would i forgive hllm I or thlnl ught lit this life rcoil lmOlo. If nlov of you conhl, countllrymieln, I gcoull not, Now, countllrymlen, 1 goling to flneo from the law 1 and I a0n goinll to take with llll tils child ot iml if 11t so chances that I can escape o io d hide lo yself away t0 a remolote part of ilio gloto, so0 may Irmake o 0e tlhink, with plt' Iand reLgret, of her, 00n00 to ilao ldelll, olther l aind Rle lily aurntIIl io.mtll of nliishohie o in glr gIInouy, oshroundedl le. nowr, collhtlrylllOl, I Ilrhave lrleflly toll yol mly wro0 1 alnd arlpen to ymou to lot ale :lolloart wltlhoit behing .riiOlented, Let 000 hIrv n t lert of th0 nlhlliona of tlheo law ololallh 0o ot ll00way. T'akb lot upo0l your. olires their lduty." l1ero Jirl ceased I nod 00n old imnul, wlploo tl00e presp5lraohn olf oIls hbmw, 0ah0. "hlro lhtkol, yoll hnave sttleil yeotr goan, roitld nsked ul to lot you have hullnceo to teirpO Irol he laow. Wo saw o 'ou I lay Aluf Aroell I lnol, tIhoollgh 3o0l gave hhllo a gulooeo o deofell hhIlosell, yetyou did dlty lhhn 1 robot thloe Ih deoisnd youor lifo for thle forfolt, 1V'o halnro I0 10lo0r to ha)y tlhe lwr o It will 0eo0 te ulloull yollr taok. to i we will lint attempt to eoforeao It yet. I1 one honr thils wvili to knono' 10i Ih tOevo' I noll you kloow thl rost.. Gooi nlld olloy loon forgive you.'0" JAs tlhe old oarn easeld, Jurl, bnowlg, nhil, h oIlhinlllk yel, couolltrymlerl I lthlink you for yotir lhorl ropolt t ao d rowell-- t Lruslt, for over in thioo wdrll,0" Aidl whilel he was yet 0speaklig, ho ovedl frol tIohe dloor noroy illto tlo'darkneaR : nollt ll the ll ne, but 00eus00l llols nd lll ilordows I iollowhlng, ro timllen, aliulll by.liarhlla tllrt hontlllod tho helutenll llglhway, A 1e Wellnt onl IheI dry oUobliillll liorooes ornakloll ollilor hio foet i olll Inh bright alsro ovhl- olal slhvor\ hlnl Iti Iho oelor ky, slhowhnll him Ihe lI siall, Wholliollr pillbt thlarl ho wlta followinllg, t 00 lorol k vll lkrd wiltl loa 000 w L bby girl foulhtt ? g tll to hi oro arms, . All through the night he travelled ; over mendows and hills m nerons open filds and throu?ht winds i over streamlto s and stvlos. On, on 1ho went ; fleeing from those ihe know must be following hinm. Sometline hei listens for a moalent, bult he could hear nothling but the moninollog wind. Once heI appleoed hi thlrsst at a strentilet i to do this he laid his sleeping child oa the ground. As lie lifted her up hlokisied iher wce lips, but trembled an l dlid so. It wal thi kiss lie had taken froml lios wife that morning ihe bnad her good-lye, tand left her to join the Folhalla. Since then lie had not kissed lhuman being. Conflicling thoughlts and deep regroei crowded hils mind afoter hle had kissed his child I blt lie moved the swiellr, and by daylight hle had left Iolarvlg far bohind hit--llcever to see it again. (To be continued), An old negro, tluch alarlmed, went to a Judge and said, " Jedge, dar's or lot er hallus beenl stold downl il my nlelghbollor hood lately anl' fsht thing yer know some body's gwio tr he erreosteld. I knows who tuck ' eoa, a' if yer'll let mnn term State's everdeieu I'll tell yer ." " Yoii were oll e?rln?l, oil ?" "YIIn, vsale anl 'if yer'il let 0me turn do overdenee I'll oell 3or z:ckly who took leim lhanlgs." "All rclut." "WIVn't do nllon' wld one ?" "Notes thing " "Will aw'nr it?" "Yea, if necessary." "But will yer punt it In writli' ?" "Yes." The Jlldgeo dre up aln agreleenl all whenl ho hal reid It lthe old llemn sailld, -l? 't s0000'0 sorter like It. Sho'dlnioo'kymoet'll s0all'P" Of colurse It will Now tell me horistnlo lithe lgs." " Won't do notin' ihl me ?" " No. " " Well, ,lodge, I stoll dem hole nug by merOe'f. Good day, salh. I thanks ye fur r ye kin'ness." 