I Sporting Gossip. [BT THE VAGRANT.] I would remind horseowners and trainers that nominations for all the handicaps to bo run at the Northern Jockey Club meeting at Rutherford on Soptember 29 and 30 close on Monday. The bill of faro contains the Flying Handicap of ¿50, tho Rutherford Handicap of ¿100, tho Welter of PAQ, the Maitland Mile of ¿.M), the Railway Handicap of ¿40, the Northern Jockey Club Handicap of ¿100, the Free Handicap of ¿30, and the Grand Stand Handicap of ¿40. The conditions aro by far moro liberal in character than any previous ones of tho Club, and it is expeoted the entry list will b» a largo one. The Maitland sportsman who owned Dreamer's brother Jack has sold the speedy grey to a Sydney man who paid ¿200 for him. The Queen and The Jewel havo been taken to Randwick by Mr. John Mayo. News is to hand that the old Barb, now stationed at the Mitta- Mitta stud, has nearly ended his career, as he has grown very emaciated lately, a«d can hardly move about. Tho \' black demon" is now twenty-four years old. The horses which ran at the unregistered meeting at Cessnock some weeks back, have had their disquali cation removed from them owing to the peculiar circumstances attending the case. I learn that the A. J. C. will in future deolino to register any meeting at Cessnock, and both horse owners and race pro- moters should take the case as a warning, and be more careful in future. It is necessary to send in applications at least fourteen days before racing. Cocoanut, dam of Trident and Navigator, has been taken from her old love Robinson Crusoe, and sent on a visit to Commotion's half-brother, I Clamour. The first two-yoar-old race of the season in the colony was decided at Canterbury Park on Thurs- day, and waa won by Lady-in-Waiting, a speedy daughter of Henchman and Dolly Varden, which was bred by the Hon. John Bales at Duckenfield. Henchman is own brother to Robinson Crusoe, and Dolly Varden is dam of Bapid. Amongst the starters was a Maitland representative in Margaret -a full sister to Yellow Jacket,-owned by Mr. Joseph Brown. She was backed for a lot of money, but could not get a place. It is strange how many racehorses di op out of the world quietly, and nothing is again heard of them, but in England old Passaic, who won the City and Suburban in 1882, again came to light a little whilo back, after being absent from the gay Bcene for years. At a little meeting on the Scotch side of the border he ran in a £5 handicap but did not have the ghost of a show and ran nearly last. A very mixed crowd then made their appearance and ranforasaddle, but even herePassaic was not a match for tho best of the leather flap- pers and finished second. " How are the mighty fallen." Passaic was by Longfellow from Jury, and a superstitious punter who was looking at a picturo of Longfellow the poet, attached to which was a sketch of " Trial by Jury, " was inspired, rushed away, and backed old Passaic for a pot of money for the City and Suburban which he won. The American pedestrian Myers, who is at present training at Warwick Farm, is first favourite for the Botany Handicap which commences on Tuesday, and I fancy he will win. Messrs. O'Brien, Clark, and Kelly have been j appointed handicappers for the football sports which will take place under the auspices of the Rugby and Association ClubB of Maitland on the Albion Ground on 10th September. A good pro- gramme will soon be published. There are few racing men in Australia who are more liked or honored amongst their friends and | acquaintances than Mr. william Gannon, of Sydney, and a metropolitan BCribe found this out a week or so ago to his cost. Taking advantage of his position as editor of a sporting journal, he printed a paragraph which was totally devoid of wit, truth, sense, and in fact point of any kind, but waB full of insulting hints, and it naturally gave great pain to Mr. Gannon, who waa made the butt of the whole affair. The writer, however, did what is elegantly known as "cop out," for the proprietor of the paper no sooner saw the paragraph than he dismissed the would-be clever writer, and printed a most full and satisfactory apology in the next issue of his journal. Great sympathy was felt for Mr. Gannon in Sydney and Maitland, where the cowardly attack on a gentleman of his upright character caused con- siderable indignation among his friends. The estimate in which Mr. Gannon is held is proved by tho fact that when Arsenal won the Melbourne Cup for him he was the recipient of almost 300 letters and telegrams of a congratulatory tone, many of them from persons whom he had put on to win a bit over the son of Goldsbrough. Mr. W. Gannon, unlike some horso owners, is always pleased to be able to give information to friends, and naturally of theso he has legion. A colt called C. H. Todd, by Joe Hooker, won the last American Derby run at Chicago, leaving the mile and a half behind him in 2 min. 36J sees., which is a record in its way. Among those who ought to know, American timing is looked upon with little confidence. Abercorn has shown signs of improvement during the week, and has done several strong gallops. The friends of Johnny Moore, and that well known trainer has many in Maitland, will be pleased to hear that he is getting on very well at Rand- wick, where he has eight horses under his charge. Mr. Smart's good colt Halcyon, a son of Epigram and Ada, injured himself whilst galloping a few days ago, and had to be destroyed. The great Adelaide horse Isonomy is reported to be a bit off colour. The old brood mare Deceptive, dam of Tinflnder, dam of The Assyrian, Israelite, and Helene, died a few days ago at Adelaide. She was twenty-two years old. Hanlan has sailed for Australia, where, it is said, he will remain. He is not wanted. Unless the much-talked-of American horse The Bard was very much out of sorts at the late Slon mouth Park race meeting his owner may save himself the expense of taking him to England and subsequent outlay there. There has been a rumour that The Bard was te go to the old country to meet Ormonde, but he would have little show with the horse of a century on hie late form. In a mile and a furlong race odds of 6 to 1 were betted on him, but he was beaten by three lengths by Troubador in 1 min. 56} secs._ A couple of days after tho pair again met, in a mile and three-quartars race, Th» Bard allowing his opponent 2lb., and he was beaten just as easily in 3 min. <4 secs., which equals the best Australian record. There will be a coursing match at Mr. Crebert's hotel, Branxton, to-day. The event is post entrance. In Newcastle the local boxers Frank Payne and Mick Cahill have been matched for ¿625 a-side. Silvermine will soon take up his quarters with hii old mentor, Ike Foulsham at Randwick. The son of Napoleon will be very hard to beat in the Metropolitan Stakes. Tattersall's Club will hold its race meeting at Randwick to-day. The Maitland horse, Wah, should win the Tramway Handicap, and nothing looks bitter in the Spring Handicap than Allandale and Soldier's Wind, and if tho former is on his best behaviour he should, get home first. I regret to say that a couple of my Newcastle friends are at loggerheads, and the matter will soon be sifted out in the law courtb, provided of course that wise counsels do not prevail in inducing the gentlemen to forget and forgive. Mr. N. Jolms has issued a writ for iüOOO damages against Mr. C. H. Hannell, whom he ohargeB with having said in a public place that he (Mr. Johns') maro Mario waB pulled in the Final Handicap at the late Newcastle race meeting. Considerable disappointment was expressed in Maitland on Saturday last when the news oí the hollow defeat of the Northumberland F. C. by the Sydney Club reached here. A great contest was looked for, and that the metropDliton representatives should put down the North by 10 goals to 3 after being themselves beaten tho previous Saturday by 8 to 4-or rather 8 to 2 fair goals- is inexplicable. The locals complain greatly of the umpiring in Sydney, saying that Mr. Burton showed a decided partiality for the homo team, but according to all reports the best men won. However, the Sydney club cannot justly claim the premiership of the colony, as each body has won a match, and they are thus as they were before they were. Enough of the Beason yet remains to play the decider off, and I would suggest that the battle should take place in New- castle, and a thoroughly distinterested and com- petent man like Mr. J. O. Thomas be central umpire. A novel contest will be witnessed at Brookfield at eleven o'clock to-day. A couple of local knights of the trigger have made a match for £5 a-side to shoot parrots, the first ñve birds taking the stakes. The strange feature of the match is to be that the men are to be on horses, which aro to be canter- ing whilst their riders are firing. The parrots are troublesome about Brookfield, and get down on the farms like pigeons. Australian horses in India will soon have an opportunity of meeting a good English performer, as a nag called Aintrec, by Sefton, has been taken there to try and win the Viceroy's Cup. He ran fourth tor last year's Derby, and finished a dead heat with Bendigo for third place in the Jubileo Cup, won by Minting. 