WANG-ANTO CHAMPION BELT. Our New Zealand correspondent ? has been favoured with a copy of the rules and conditions of tho Wanganui Gttampion Belt. The committee aro Messrs. Thatcher, Duigatt, Chavinne3, NettleBhip, and Abbot. , The following resolutions were passed at a meeting held on Juno 8, '1887, ro Wan ganui Champion Belt : — 1\. Tbo belt shall always 1)8 fought for In Wiui SBttr-tfTwTJold-for tvr» jotiTB beforo it I becomes tne absolute property 01 mo wmuor. 3\. Tho bolt to be Tested in tlie committee till Anally woo. 1\. a modal of |tko value of £5 (five pounds) bo ei Yen to an v holder of tho bolt on hia losing samgk tho valuo of tho modal to bo a first charge oy'tEe house or fpito-monoy whoro tho belt — ' 5. The holder of tha bolt on roefitftnfr a challenge to light for (5nce notify tho com mittee. G. The holdOF of the belt ia bound to accept a cliollongo aftor three nonths of his previous fight forsame ; after the ^cceptiwoo ho kas tbe option of six week's training time. 7\. Tho minimum stako to be fought /or In con junction with tho bolt to bo £50 (fifty pounds) aside, aud tho first doposit of ' not loss than £10 (ton pounds) 'to accompany the challenge, and to be dopooited to tho satisfaction of tho committee. 8\. Tho bolt, to bo won to tho satisfaction of the couiraittco independent of any othor decision. ipfiSigaed) T. Thatcheb, Chairman. Murphy was to fight Allen, of Petone, on Thursday, the dato being altered. Dave Burke, wno is styled tno onampion featherweight of England, wants K. Fox to take him in hand and ma^e a nlatch with Ike Weir for the championship belt. As a consequence of his defeat by Mat-' thews, in Now Zealand, Lindsay, Bichard son's backer, has given him best, and now wishes to take Matthews and Murphy under his charge. Ned Hanlan is to bo accompanied by J;ick Burke, tho fighter, to Australia. Burke says ho is not coming hero to make money, for he has, as everyone will bo pleased to hear, got plenty of it. The American X'ress says that he will open negotiations with Miller, Foley, and Slavin. Burke is behind the times, and has left out Poter Jackson. T,.-n 01 — :n T!-;,, banO, except as a brother to Pat Slavin, who was matched to fight JackBOn. Smith camo up to Brisbane (says our correspon dent) some timo ago, and has knocked out a few lower rate boxers, but it was gene rally thought that he was a good man, and this he fully proved himself to be on Monday. Calm, steady, quick as lightning, and a hard hitter. Ho is about - as good a two handed fighter as there is in,, this colony. ? Slavin was -outmatched in all points ; of soience, neither being able to repel Sinibh's fiorco onslaughts nor to take advantage of the few openings that pre sented themselves. Both men weighed about list. 81b,, but Slavin is much the' taller, of .the. two. Slavini-'wafl -knocked about it great deal, his right peeper 1301% completely closed and .dreadfully bruiaod, in fact, altogether ho hacln't i' ghost of a show, though ho fonght gamely and man fully. Smith waB untouched, and oould have gooo on ' fighting for a considerable time without being fagged or distressed. He certainly proved himself a good man, and it will Uko something pretty warm to. knook liim out of timfc.' It was a good fight at- Foley's tho other niglit between young Williams, a youth, from New Zealand, and Fitzpatrick. Wil liams is a well-mado young fellow, and haB all the appearance of a lad that should make a slushiug fighter.; Ho should -hiiT-j| won had ho been game and spirited,^^ from.tho first l.-i seemed scared, not tako to tho ^ob wa 4 of m ulo [?] 