> mature.. Itccs as Adversaries. Those who have personal knowledge and ex perience of bcc-eiiltnrc will boar out the re mark that beos are not particular as to the size or the position of the homo in which they chusse to dwell, so that it. sutlices for them to carry on with security their wonderful opera tions. In their wild state cavities of roots and hollow trees are alike available : and in their domestic condition they have no pre ference for a straw castle over a house of wood, nor for a wooden house over n straw oastle. The boo, which, while under proper treat ment, is one of man’s best friends, proves, when molested, a terrible foe. Allusion is mails to this by Moses, in his story of what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. 11 The Amoritcs came, out against, you, and chased you as bees do, and destroyed you.” Tbc strength and force of their sting is such as to enable them to pierce the skin of the horse and other largo animals, and kill them. Their ordinary speed when in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hoar, and they have been known to fly past the windows of an express train when travelling at full rpeed in the same direction. The bee’s manner of attack is to dash straight at tllb object aimed at; and commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per son, ttiey will attack the face, aiming especi ally at the eves. When tho thousands which inhabit a hive are aroused’ by the sound of. alarm—well understood by all the inmates— to repel an invader, they sally forth with a courage and determination whieli none can withstand, attacking their foes on every side with a fnry it is impossible to resist. King David must have witnessed just such ascene, which he reproduces in his description of tho fierce attacks of his hitter and unrelonting foe: “All nations compassed me about; they compassed me about like bees.” Recently, the mishap of a porter in hand ling a box of bees in transit by railway created an amusing and rather alarming scene at the station. There was a general stain Sede of passengers and officials flying in every ireetion chased by the infuriated bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the box, restored confidence and quiet, for, Hock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the esse, which was then sent, on its way. But even this is a small affair com pared with what is related in ancient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, and the inhabitants of an entire town being compelled to (lee before myriads of bees, .-niiiiuiis. who flourishcl about 200 A. D., gives an instance of this in one of his seventeen books on auimals. .Mungo 1’nrk, tho African traveller, mentions a modern in stance which took place near Dooproo: ‘AVo had no sooner unloaded the asses than some of the people being in search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a large swarip of bees. They came out in large numbers, and at tacked men and beasts at the same time. Luckily, most of the asses were loose, and galloped up tho valley ; hut the horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to seamperoff in all directions. In fast, in half an hour the bees seemed to put fen end to our journey. In the evening, when they became less troublesome and we could venture to col lect our cattle, we found in.my of them much stung and swelled about the head. Three asses were missing; one died in the evening, another next morning. Our guide lost his horse, and many of the people were much stung about the. heal and face." Persistence of the Beaver- — The quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale attempt against their peace is astonishing ; yet if thoir numbers are undis turbed, or diminished bat gradually, even the presence of civilization will not drive them them from their haunts. To-day beaver are returning to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by tlioijyinco,nimplybenniisc.thay Tt'nd lliSmscTvcs unmolested," tho'demand for beaver-peltry being slight, and the prices paid out of all proportion io tho labor entailed in trapping. It 1ms been said that, if a dam or house be once injured by the hand of man, the colony at once disappears. But that this is fallacious is proved by tho following : Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mich.,on tho llarp Iliver, a beaver colony began the erection of anewdani. Though the embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains pa-se l hackwaid and forward daily, the_v seemed in no way dis turbed, and worked steadily on until the water had risen a foot or more. The track master', observing that this endangered tho line—for the embankment had been utilized as a wing of the dam—ordered the water tj be drawn off. But the following day the beavers had repaired the dam cut through, and the water was its former height. Again and again and again was tho dam cut through, and as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was ent and repaired some fifteen or twenty times ere the beavers were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon tlieir attempts. White Sparrows— Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of the thou sands of sparrows in Macon are white. Pro fessor Willett oE Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and when this fact was brought to his attention he supposed the white sparrows were merely albinos. Nature plays her freaks in all classes of the animal creation, and scatters albinos among men, beasls and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white one is found.' But the white sparrows at .Macon arc too numerous to be accounted for on the theory oE chance, which would explain the presence of one in a thousand. They .are exactly like their companions in every re spect save color, and there is do evidence that the (white and dark sparrows have orossed; they are all either solid white orsolid brown. London Needle Women—The women engaged in the shirt trade are to the full as ill oif, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were tlieir sisters in the day when Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. -The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. She soon becomes in very deoil. The seamstress, lean and weary and wan. With only the ghosts of garments on, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread ' A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many of the shirt hands are not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of the poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages oE their husbands and the additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly in creases the comfort of the household. Con sidering tlie wretched prices paid for tho work, the surprising thing is that the women should earn even so much at it as some of them do. Take the button-holing — a leading branch of the work. The holes are rougli punched in t.hc factories the work of the outdoor hands being to stitch them round. This button holing is admittedly “ niggling" work, and vet the rate at which it is paid for by the sweaters is a penny per dozen collars. As each collar lias three holes, the hand, who finds her own needle and cotton, lias to stitch thirly-six holes for a penny. Even so, some of the ex-, perts, by working long hours, by rising early on Summermornings, and sitting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is “ready to be put into the mouth,'" chiefly bread and butter, and eating as they work ; by acting on these lines soms of the button holers will earn .as much as eight or nine shillings per week. The prices paid by the manufacturers who give it out in the first instance are probably such as would enablb a skilled and industrious band to ninkc a living wagej bnt as matters stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlemen, and the tender mercies of the sweater arc 