? " ETKKKA ' is the title of a play specially written for Mr. J. C. Williamson. We are uot ill the secrets «f the dramatic profession so far as to be able to say what is the precise mode of proceeding when an actor gets a play written to order, but we presume that it is something after the same manner as having clothes made to order. If we visit our London and American tailors we say co them :— " We want a pair of your famous three dollar elastic pants, and we want them of this particular pattern and cut to that particular style." Assuming that dramatic pieces are cut according to the cloth in the same fashion, Mr. Williamson must have left his measure for a new play thus : — "1 want a prologue and three acts. Cut out a (icTinan part for me, and shove in an emotional plot, pile up the agony on the lines of domestic suffering. Let us have a good snorter of a villain, who'desolates the once happy home ; and make a strong part for a little girl—we've got a daisy, who can speak lines better than a good many grown-ups ! Slap in some pison in the last act, and as we've got some real, good revolvers that ought to pay interest 011 the money they cost, you can ring in some shooting. Don't be afraid of the fire-irons. I don't care what it costs for gunpowder so long as there's some good lively popping before the curtain falls." If the author received some such instructions as these from Mr. Williamson, it must be admitted that he has done bis work as well as the London and American Company, and has got a "fit guaranteed." Hearken to the argument, and believe. Franz Weber, a young German (Mr. J. C. "Williamson) has married his wife, Annie Weber (Miss Isabel Morris). Mrs. Weber's nationality is uot mentioned, but from sundry remarks to the effect that Franz took her from the streets it is to be presumed that when single she was "no good"— a presumption that is considerably strengthened by her subsequent conduct. Franz and Annie have a baby girl, upon whom they both dote. They don't seem to care much for cacli other, but they lavish all the wealth of their respective natures upon the child, Yulie. Franz is also happy in the possession of a sister, Nellie Weber (Miss Maggie Moore), who, under the impression that she is a frank, ingenious gill, is intolerably rude in telling unpleasant truths to her brother's guest, Laurence Reighton (Captain De Burgh). This Reighton is the heavy villain of the piece, and has been carrying on with Mrs Weber before the commencement of the play. His true character is revealed by one Charley Frink (Mr. Phil Beck), whose chief purpose in life appears to wear his hair low on his forehead, allow his neck to crook limply, and generally to look about as idiotic as a human being can look who has not been specially constructed to furnish a lunatic asylum. The manner in which Laurence Reighton's liason with Mrs. Weber is discovered is one calculated to take high rank for absurd improbability. With every opportunity for speaking to Mrs. \V., he, with magnificent folly, prefers to write his messages, liven then, although he might easily hand her his m tes, he, with a sublime idiotey boidering upon genius, elects to conceal them in the baby's clothes. Fi anz finds 011c of these curiously mailed missives—or, as the baby is a girl, we should perhaps call them femaled letters — and with a high-minded sense of honour characteristic of a suspicious husband, in a play, he declines to break the seal. He insists that his wife should read it aloud to him. Mrs. Weber, to show that she is just as high-minded as her husband and as idiotic as her husband, does not " fake " the contents as an invitation to a Sunday school picnic or a request for the address of her grandmother's cousin, reads out the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. This knocks the starch out of.J. C. W. He gasps spasmodically and shows that the stage furniture is none of your cheap Chinese stufl by leaning heavily on it. When J. C. W. is really 011 the job he can lean a good many pounds to the square inch, and just as the table is about to give way, Laurence Reighton, in the interests of Garner and Musgrove, preserves the joint property of the triumvirate by shooting at the leaner. Mrs. W. hastily gathers up the prized baby and bolts off with Reighton, whilst Phil Beck conjures up an expression of horror that would, if moulded in brass, drive all other patterns of doorknockers out of the market. Phil's beautiful expression of horror-stricken amazement facially illustrated terminates the prologue. Five years now elapse to allow Captain De Burgh to grow a beard and dye it black. He is now the big man at the Eureka Camp, and is living happily with Frauz Weber's wife and child. Of course, Franz, who had not been killed, comes upon the scene. He is attired as a tramp, and is seeking for his child. With great sagacity' he hangs around the public house, as if that would be the most likely place in which he would discover his lost Yulie. Franz comes upon Reighton and his wife, and considerately stares at a couple spooning and munching oranges in the upper circle whilst the guilty wife makes her escape. The upper-circle oranges having been finished, and Mrs. Weber having rushed past the prompter, Franz's gaze comes back to Lawrence Reighton, but as the black-bearded man bears 110 resemblance to the five-year old Yulie, the eyes of the tramp evince no more emotion than when they regarded the four-shillings who had just been polishingoff their oranges. Hedoesnotrecognise his wronger. Nor does he recognise his little Yulie when she comes in shortly afterwards and reads him a nice little temperance lecture about the evil effects of whiskey. In order to thicken the plot \ ulie gives him a locket containing her mother's portrait. Now, if he were to open this trinket the whole murder would be out and his search would be at an end—but so also would the play, and as the drama was built to go through two acts more, besides some promiscuous shooting, Franz, with great forethought, postpones looking at the inside of the locket, and the sudden collapse of the play without the stipulated shooting is fortunately avoided. To Eureka Camp come also Charley and Nellie, now man and wife. Charley has cnanged his clothes, and now wears a flannel suit; but this is almost the only change which married life and five years have effected in him, for he still wears Jlis hair over his forehead, and time lias taken neither the limp crook from his neck nor the expressive inanity from his features. Iiis charming wife, Nellie, has discovered a panacea for all the ills of life in song. When her husband is looking more than usually foolish she sings to him. When her brother is about to be lynched her artless uature regards the occasion as one for concert-hall minstrelsy, and she forthwith breaks into a solemn requiem for the repose of his soul, the burden of the dirge being— " Hit him again, he's got no friends— Drag him all over the floor. Hit him again, he's got no friends, What good's a man when he's poor ?' These beautiful and touching liues are led up to by the incidents which we now relate. Reighton, for the purpose of driving Franz from the district, accuses him of the robbery of the locket, and Franz is therefore to be tried by a Western jury, who take revolvers instead of oaths, and considerately furnish a rope, so that there may be none of the law's delays in the event of a verdict of guilty being returned. The mode of trial is stronger even than one in Victoria. Here we have trial by a judge without a jury, but at Eureka the trial is by a jury without a judge. Colonel Jack Rover (Mr. Oily Deeriug) elects himself foreman, and proceeds to conduct the trial in a manner that would certainly not meet with the approval of Judge Holroyd. The case is going against J. C. W.. and Captain De Burgh's black beard is quivering with suppressed triumph when the child, Yulie, is brought in and declares that she gave the locket to the tramp. The jury, of representative men, however, don't care to lose the chance of a lynching, and decide that Franz is guilty. Colonel Jack, the foreman, however, stands by Franz, for the fact of the matter i9 that there has been embracery all round. De Burgh has bought the representative jury with his gold, and Maggie Moore has purchased Oily Deering's support literally"" for a song,' 5 for the touching ballad to which we have just referred is suug to Oily as the price of his "vote aud influence " at the trial! Thus cheaply may the conscience of a Western pioneer be purchased. The jury having returned a verdict of guilty Oily moves for a liey trial by jumping upon the table and bringing forth a rule, nixi in the shape of a revolver. De Burgh tries to prevent J. C. W. opening the locket, but Phil Beck, straightening his neck and dropping his inane look for once, raises a demurrer in the shape of another pistol, and the resources of the Royal armory are thus brought into full view of the howling and delighted gallery. J. C. W. opens the locket and exclaims— " Me : n Gott! Mein wife !" He quivers some more, and then engages in a Gra;co-Roman wrestling match with De Burgh. They come to a hold at once, and just as J. C. W. gets a scientific grip, combining all the varied beauties of the half-Nelson, the hammerlock and the strangler's hug, upon De Burgh, time is called, and the curtain comes down before a fall iS secured. This naturally brings us to tlie last act, which is styled " Retribution. ' Here we get promises of more displays of the gunsmith's shop, for Franz intends to fight Reighton, Charley propos s to do ditto, Colonel Jack Rover meditates fighting the universe if Nellie will sing him another song, and Reighton and Mrs, Weber hold an interesting discussion as to the advisability of murdering Franz and stealing Yulie. Mrs. W., however, determines to try fair means first, feo she interviews her husband and asks him to give up the child. As he sternly refuses she displaj s her readiness for all emergencies by emptying some "rough 011 rats" into Franz's lemon squash. As the carbolic acid gas in the squash begins to effervesce public excitement begins to seethe and bubble. Yulie comes in, and seeing her pa about to give way, as she thinks, again to drink, reminds him of her temperance lecture in the former act. " Dot vos not viskey, Yulie," says Franz ; " dot vos a nice drink clot mein leedle girl might taste and not do her any harm." He gives the " pi scene d draught" to the child, who is about to drink when the mother, who has been watching, rushes in and exclaims : " No, no, don t drink !" Franz smells a rat—or, rather, sniffs the "rough on rats" and sternly conf routs' his wife aud wouldbe executioner. " Fooman, you have poisoned mein lemonade." Mrs. Weber, with hysterical indignation, denies the soft impeachment, and as 1 proof that the squash is harmless she quaffs the "rough 011 Franz" herself, and emits some more hysterical gurgles as she staggers off exclaiming: " Now, Franz Weber, you do not take my child from me. I—gurgle—give her—guigle— to you." Mrs. Weber has, however, no intention of dying behind the scenes. She means to give up the ghost in the full blaze of the footlights. She therefore staggers, gurglingly, into sight again. It is just here that the gunpowder is flashed about regardless of expense. As Mrs. Weber staggers forward, the villain Reighton appears at the window, aud taking deliberate aim at Franz, shows that his marksmanship is as bad as his morality, and shoots Mrs. Weber. Charley Frink then appears Yipon the verandah aud pots Reighton. The latter dies in an undignified manner behind the flat, aud 110 doubt drags himself off to his dressingroom to change his clothes, without waiting for the end of the piece. Mrs. Weber being both poisoned aud shot, thinks that the beat thing she can do is to die, and as all the pistols have been shown and all the gunpowder let off, she comes down close to the footlights, aud whilst the characters group around her aud her child prays for her, she, sensible in death, turns her gaze upwards to see that the descending curtain does not drop on her and galvanise her corpse into life and then peacefully does the only meritorious action of her wicked life by ending it. After this it is to be presumed that Franz and Yulie live happy ever afterwards, the loss of the naughty woman being amply compensated for by the knowledge that Nellie is left to them to cheer their lives with her musical exhortations to "Hit him again, he's got no friends— Drag him all over the floor. Hit him again, he's got no friends, „ What good's a man when he's poor ?" It will be seen that the author lias done his work according to contract so far as plot is concerned. The dialogue was possibly not nominated in the bond, for it is of very common- place order. The emotional interest of the drama, the pistols and the poison keep up the excitement, however, and the acting is as good as the opportunities permit. Mr. Williamson plays Franz Weber in excellent style, the change from the light-hearted happy father to the wronged husband being delineated with the touch of a master. Few actors possess in such a high degree as Mr. Williamson the power of representing pathos and humour so feelingly in the same character. I11 this combination the part of Franz Weber is a very trying part, and it may be said of it. as of John fetofel, that only J. C. Williamson could play it successfully. Miss Maggie Moore has uot the opportunities of Lizzie Stofel, but continues to make a great deal more of the part of Nellie than could reasonably be expected. Miss Morris has the unpleasant character of Mrs. Weber to undertake, and she plays in satisfactory, albeit somewhat stagey, fashion. Mr. Phil Beck, despite his hair-hidden forehead and inane expression, makes a good Char ley, and Captain DtT Burgh gives further proof of his utefulness in the enacting of the scoundrel, Reighton. Mr Oily Deering has a congenial part in Colonel Jack Rover, and makes himself a glorious favourite with the audience, who side with him aud suffering virtue all through. The character of the child, Yulie, deserves a little paragraph all to itself. Child-actresses speak their lines, as a rule, with a painful parrot-like monotony ; but little Daisy Chester delivers her words as if she thoroughly understood their meaning. She has a natural manner, does not repeat her lesson to the audience, but speaks to the character she is addressing in a really artless and child-like way. The acting of this child throughout was of a really admirable kind, and Mr. Williamson was fortunate in having such a bright intelligent little girl to play up to him, and matelially assist the effect of some of the most striking passages of the drama. If one may venture to prophecy the flower from the bud, Daisy Chester should have a future before her on the stage. SOME admirers of Miss Maggie Moore departed on Saturday night from the conventional bouquet business and passed in a living plant in a flowerpot. This idea of presenting less ephemeral t ributes tlian cut flowers will, no doubt, be improved upon. If pot plants why not a new bonnet or a si : k dress —a box of bon-bons, a piano or a fowl for Sunday's dinner ? It is an utilitarian and a realistic age, aud tributes that take the form of substantial comforts would be more highly prized by actors and actresses than the floating pleasure of perishable flowers. AT the Bijou Mr, Wybert Reeve still retains the drama of the "Woman in White." His Count Fosco is well known, as also is his " Crushed Tragedian," which appears upon the bills. On Saturday Miss Emelie Melville will make her appearance in comedy, the part selected being the charming one of Peg Wellington in " Masks aud Faces." . ,At the Opera House " Dick," Avith the charming Fanny Robiua in the title role, and Miss Temple, equally charming, as Alice, holds the boards, and is likely to keep going for some time to come. "Princess Ida's" reign in Spring-street is nearly over, and on Saturday she will be deposed by Alfred Cell er's "Dorothy." MINSTRELSY seems livelier than ever, judging by the attendances at St. George's and Victoria Halls At the former the Cogill Brothers' have struck oil rich, and have greatly strengthened their company by the addition of Miss Helen Gordon Cunard. At the Victoria Hall " Our Pretty Bathers" seem to dip pretty deeply into the tide of public favour, and are ably assisted by Mr. Martin Hag an, whose Irish comic powers are already well-known to most persons. One word in favour of an old and popular servant of the public. Mr. George Darrell has had a bad time of it with illness lately. With the responsibilities of a wife and young child to distress his mind, he has had to battle with a severe attack of typhoid fever. He has come out of the jaws of death, and will receive a benefit at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday next. His claims as a good actor and clever author need no recapitulation, here and as a splendid programme has been prepared, it is to be hoped that the authorities will for once wink at the unavoidable crowding of the gangways that should result upon the occasion of George Darrell's Benefit. Take a note of it—Tuesday evening, Theatre R.oyal. THE various skating rinks still hold their own with the public. Roller-skating appears now to have become quite a popular craze, and the Victoria, Columbia and Nugget Rinks are nightly crowded by graceful gliders on the tiny wheels. THK Waxworks Exhibition has been capitally attended during the week. Mr. Kreitmeyer is most enterprising in his desire to keep up a succession of novelties, and the result is that be always secures a large show of public patronage. 