ALLAN QUATERMAIN.' r2ixq an account cp 1118 further advbntub.2s and discoveries of compact wrrn s1k hknrt cruras, dart., captain John good, r.k., axd ox amslofooaau. (Br II. Rider Uaoc.uid, Autror of " Eao Solomon's Minus," "Dawn," &o.; Ex A fried semper alitpnd noit. Chapter XXII. — How Uiislopooaab Hbi.d tub Stair. Wo looked one at another. " Thou seest," 1 said, ' they liaTO taken away the door. Is there aught with which we may till the place ? Speak quickly, for they will be on us ere the daylight." I spoko thus, because I. knew that we must hold this place or none, as there were no inner doors in the palate, tho rooms beiug separated one from another by curtains. I also knew that if we could by any tucaus defend this doorway tho murderers could get in nowhere elsu; for tho palace was abso lutely impregnable, llmt is, since the secret door by which Sorais had entered on that mcmorabla night of attempted murder hail, by Nyleptha's order, been closed up with masoury. "I have it," said Nyleptha, who, as usual with her, rose to the emergency in a wonderful way. " On the farther side of the courtyard aro blocks of cut marble — tho workmen brought them there for tho bed of tho new statue of Iucubu, my Lord ; let us block the door with them. " I jumped at the idea ; and having despatched one of the remaining maidens down tho great stair to see if she could obtain assistance from tho docks below, wbero her father, who was a great merchant employing many men, had his dwelling place, and set another to watch through tho doorway, wc made our way' back across the courtyard to where the hewn marble lay ; and hero wc met Kara, returning from despatching the first two messengers. There were the marble blocks, sure enough, broad massive lumps, some 6 inches thick, and weighing about 80 lb. each, and thore, too, were a couplo of implements liko small stretchers, that tho workmen nscd to carry them on. Without delay wo got somo of tho blocks oa to the stretchers, and four of the girls carried tliem to the doorway. " Listen, Macumazahu," said Umslopogaos, "if these low fellows come, it is 1 who will hold tho stair aguiust them till tho door is built up. Nay, nay, it will bo a man's death, gain say me not, old friend. It has been a good day, lot it now bo good night. See, I throw myself down to rest on the marblo there ; when their foot steps are nigh, wake thou me, not before, for I need my strength," and wittiout a word ho went outside and flung biuisclf down on the marble, aud was instantly asleep. At this time I, loo, was overcome, and was forced to sit down by tho door way, and content myself witti directing operations. The girls brought tho blocks, while Kara and Nyleptha built them up across tho 6 feet wido doorway, a triplo row of tbcm, for loss would bo useless. But tho marble had to bo brought 40 yards, and then there was 40 yards to ruu back, and though tho girls labored gloriously, even staggering along alone, each with a block in her arms, it was slow work, dreadfully slow. Tho light was growing now, and presently in tho silenco wo heard a commotion at the far oil bottom of tho stair, and the faint clanking of armed men. As yet tho wall was only 2 feet high, and wo had been eight minutes at tho building of it. So they had coma, Alphonso had heard aright. The clanking sound enrno nearer, and in the ghostly grey of the dawning wo could make out long iiles of men, some 50 or so in all, slowly creeping up tho stair. They were now at the half way standing place that rested on tho groat flying arch j and here, perceiving that something was going on above, they, our great gain, halted for three or four minutes and consulted, then slowly and cautiously ad vanced again. Wo had been nearly a quarter of an hour at tho work now, and it was almost 3 feet high. Then I woke Umslopogaos. The great man rose, stretched himself, and swnng Inkosi-kaas round his bead. " It is well," ho said. "I feel as a young man once more. My strength has come back to me, ay, even as a lamp flares up before it dies. Pear not, I shall fight a good tight ; tho wine and the sleep have put a new heart into me. " Macumazahu, I have dreamed a dream. I dreamed that thou and I stood together on a star, and looked down on the world, and thou ivast as u spirit, Macumazahn, for the light flamed through my flesh, hut I could not sec what was the fashion of my own face. The hour has como for us, old hunter. So be it : we have had our time, but I would that in it I had seen some more such fights as yester day's. " Let them bury mo after the fashion of my people, Macumazahu, and set my eyes towards Zululand aud ho took my hand aud shook it, aud then turned to face the advanciug foe. Ju6t then, to my ostouisliment, tho Zu- Vendi officer Kara clambered over our im provised wall iu his quiet, determined sort of way, and took his stand by the Zulu, unsheath ing his sword as ho did so. " What, coiuest thou too?" laughed out the old warrior. " Welcome — a welcome to thee, bravo heart. Ow 1 for the man who can dio like a man ; ow I for tho deatii grip aud tho ringing of steel. Ow 1 wo are ready ; wo wo our beaks liko eagles ; our spears flash in tho sun, wo shako our assegais, and aro hungry to flight. Who comes to givo greet ing to tho Chief(ainc3s (Inkosi-kaas) ? who would taste her kiss whereof tho fruit is death ? I tho Woodpecker, I tho Slaughterer aud tho Siviflfooted, I Umslopogaos of the tribe of the Maquilisini of tho people of Amazulu, a cap tain of the regiment of tho Nkomabakosi ; I Uinslopogaa3, tho son of Indabaziinbi, of tho royal blood of T'Cha&a;, I - call to them as a buck calls, I challenge them, I await them. Owl It is thou, it is thou." As he spake, or rather chanted, his wild war song the armed men, among whom in the growing light I recognised both Nasta and Agon, camo streaming up the stair with a rush, iioci one big iciiow, unued »uu a ueavy bpeur, dashed up the tea semicircular steps ahead of his comrades uud struck nt tho great Zulu with tho spear. Umslopogaas moved his body but not his legs, so that tho blow missed him, and next instant Inkosi-kaas crashed through headpiece, hair and 6kuli, and the man's corpse was rolling down the steps. As lie dropped, his rouud hippopotamus hide shield fell from bis hand on to the marble, aud the Zulu stooped down and seized it, still chanting as he did so. In another second the sturdy Kara had also slain a man, and then began a scene the like of which has not been known to me. Up rushed the assailants, one, two, three at a time, aud as fast as they came the axo crashed and tho sword swung, and down they rolled again, dead or dying. And ever as the fight thickened the old Zulu's eyes seemed to get quicker nnd his arm stronger. Ho shouted out his war cries and tho names of chiefs whom he had slain, and tho blows of his awful axo rained straight and true, shearing through everything they fell on. There was none of the scientific method he was so fond of about this last immortal fight of his ; ho had no time for it, but struck with his full strcegth, and at every stroke a man sank in his tracks, and went rattling down the marble steps. I hey hacked and hewed at him with swords and spears, wounding him in a dozen places till he streamed red with blood ; hut the shield protected his head aad the chain-shirt Mb paMlslied by special arrangements vitit the T-tl"" AU right ruernal. vitals, and for minute after minute, aided by the gallant Zu-Vendi, ho still held the stair. At last Kaia's sword broko, and ho grappled with a foe, and tbey rolled down togothcr, and ho was cut to pieces, dying like the hero that he was. Umslopogaos was alouo now, but he never blenched or turned Shontiug out some wild Zulu battle-cry, ho heat down a foe, ay ! and another, aud another, till at last they drew back from the slippery blood-stained steps, and stared at him in amazement, thinking that he was no mortal man. The wail of marblo block was 4 feet G inches high uow, and hope rose in my heart as I leaned there against if. a miserable helpless log, and ground my teeth, and watched that glorious struggle. And old Umslopogaas be leaned too on his good axe, aud, faint as lie was with wounds, ho mocked them, called them women, t lie grand old warrior, stauding ihera one against so many. And for a breathing space none would come against him, notwithstanding Nasta's exhortations, till at last old Agon, who, to do him justice, was a bravo man, mad with bullied rage, nnd seeing that the wall would soon be built up and his plans defeated, shook a great spear he held, aud rushed up the drip ping steps. "Ah, ah"' shouted tho Zulu, as ho ro- coguised tho priest's flowing while beard, 'it is thou, old ' witchfindorl' come on, I await thee, white ' mcdicino mail ; ' como on, come on ! I bavo sworn to slay thee, aud I over keep my word." On he came, takirig iiim at his word, and drove the big spear witli such force at Umslo pogaas that it sunk right throngh the tough shield aud wounded him iu the neck. Tiro Zulu cast dowu tho transfixed shield, and that moment was Agon's last, for heforo ho could free Iris spear and striko again, with a shout of "There's for lhee, Kainmakor !" Umslopogaas gripped Iukosi-kaas with both hands aud, whirling Iter ou high, dravelior right on to his vcuarable- lookiug head, so that lia rolled dowu dead among the corpses of his follow- luurdcrors, and there was an cud of hiin and his plots together. And even as he fell, a great shout rose from the foot of the stair, and looking out througli the portion of tho door way that was yet unclosed, wo saw armed men rushing up to the rescue, and called an answor. Theu tho would-be murderers who yet re mained on tho stairway, aud amongst whom I saw several priests, turned to fly, but, having nowhere to go, wore butchered as they fled. Only cue man stayed, and he was tho great lord Nasta, Nyleptha's suitor, uud tho father of the plot, Tor S moment tho black boarded Nasta stood with bowed face leaning on his long sword aa though in despair, and then, with s shout, lie too rushed up at the Zulu, aud, swinging tho glittering steel around his head, dealt bim such a mighty blow beneath his guard that the keen steel of tho heavy blade bit right through tho chain armor, and cut deep into Umslopogoaa's side, for a moment paralysing him and causing him to drop bis axe. Baisiug the sword again, Nasta sprang for ward to make an end of him, bat littlo he knew his foe. With a shako and a yell of fmy tho Zulu gathered himself together and sprang straight at Nasta's throat, as I havo sometimes seen a wounded lion spring. He struck him full as his foot was on the topmost stair, and his long arms closiug round him like iron bands, down thoy rolled together, straggling furiously. Nasta wa3 a strong man and a desperate, but he could not match the strongest man in Zululand, sore wounded though he was, whose strength was B3 the strength of a bull, and iu a minato the end came, for I saw old Umslopogaas stagger to his feet — ay, and saw him with a single gigantie effort swing up the still struggling Nasta and hurl him straight over tho parapet of the bridge, to be crushed like an egg-shell on the rocks 200 feet below. Tho succour which had been summoned by tho maids of honor, who had passed down the stair before tho assassins passed up, was now at hand, and the load shouts which readied us from the outer gates told us that tho town was also aroused, aud tho men awakened by the maids were calling to bo admitted. Somo of Nyleptha's bravo ladios, who iu their night- shifts and with their long hair streaming down their backs just as they had been arousod from rest, bad worked so gallantly at blocking the passage through the wall, wont off to admit them at tho sido entrance, whito others, assisted by tho rescuing party ontsido, poshed and pulled down tho marble blocks they had placod there with so much labor. Bcally had it not been for tho extreme serionsness of tho occasion mid the great pain I was iu, 1 could havo smiled at the extraordi nary spectnclo which tliey all presented with their torn and soiled night robes, cut and grimy feet and bands, and flying hair. Krcn the lovely Nyleptha could not look particularly im posing, wrapped up iu a sort of cloak or dress ing gown, hor face covered with dust and her lingers bleeding from pushing about tho heavy blocks of marble. But the wall was down again by now, and through tho doorway, followed by a crowd of rescuers, staggered old Umslopogaas, an awful, and, iu a way, a glorious figure. The man was a mass of wounds, aud a glance at his wild eye told me that ho was dying. The "kcshla" gum ring upou his head was severed in two places by sword cuts, one just over tho curious hole in his skull, aud the blood poured dowu his face from tiio gashes. Also on the right side of his neck was a slab from a spear inflicted by Agou ; there was a deep cut on his left arm just below wlicro tho mail shirt sleeve stopped, aud oa tho right side of his body tbe armor was severed by a gash G inches long where Nasta's hoavy sword had bitten through it and deep into the wearer's vitals. On, axo iu hand, ho staggered, that dreadful looking 6piendid savaue, aud tho ladies forgot to turn faint ut the sight, and cheered him, as well thoy might, but ho never stayed or heeded. Willi outstretched arms and tottering gait ho pursued his way, followed by us all along tho broad shcil-strewn walk that ran through tho courtyard or garden, past llio spot where tho blocks of marblo lay, through the rouud arched doorwuy and tho thick curtains that hung within it, down the short passage with hostily-urmed uicu, let iu by the side front entrance. Straight up the ball ho wont, leaving behind him a track of blood on tho marble pavement, till he reached tho sacred stone which stood in tho exact middle of it, and hero his strength seemed to fail liim, for he stopped and leaned upou his oxc. Then suddenly ho lifted up his voice and cried aloud— " 1 die, I dio — but it was a royal fray. Where are they who camo up tho great stair? I see them not. Art thou there, Macumazahn, or art thou gone be fore to ' wait for mo in the dark whither I go ? Tho blocd blinds me ; tbe place turns round ; I hoar tho voice of rushing waters." Next, as though a new thought had struck him, bo lifted tho red oxc and kissed the blade. "Farewell, Inkosi-kaas," he cried. "Nay, nay, wo will go together ; we cannot part, thou and I. Wo nave lived too long ono with another, thou and L" One more stroke, only one I A good ono 1 a straight one 1 a strong ono 1 and, drawiug himself to his full height, with a wild, heart-shaking shout, he, with both hands commenced to whirl tho axe around his head till it looked liko a circle of flaming steel. Then suddenly with awfnl force ho brought it down straight on to tho crown of tho muss of sacred Btone. A shower of sparks flew up and such was tho almost superhuman strength of tho blow that the massive marble split with a rending sound into a score of pieces, whilst of Inkosi- kaas there remained but some fragments of" steel and a fibrous rope of shattered horn that had been the handle. Down with a crash on to the pavement fell the fragments of the holy stone, and down with a crash on to them, rtill grasping the knob of Inkosi-kaas in his hand, fell the brave old Znln — dead. A gasp of wonder and astonishment rose from all those who witnessed the extraordinary sight, and then somebody cried, :: The prophecy .' the prophecy .' He has shattered the sacred stcae !" And at once a murmuring arose. " Ay," said Nyleptha, with that quick wit which distinguishes her. " Ay, my people, he has shattered the stone, and behold the pro phecy is fulfilled, for a stranger king roles in Zn-Vendis. Incnbn, my lord, hath beat Sorais back, and I fear her no more, and to him who hath saved the crown it shall sorely be. And this man," she said, taming to me \- end laying her hand upon my shoulder, " wot ye that, though wounded in tho fight of yesterday, he rode with that old warrior who ties there 100 miles 'twixt sunset and rise to save me from the plots of croel men. Ay, and be has saved me, by a very little, and therefore because of the deeds that they have done — deeds of glory such as onr history cannot show the like — therefore I say that the name of Macumazahnand the name cf the deadUmslopogaas, ay, and the name of Kara, my servant, who helped him to hold the stair, shall be blazoned in letters of gold above my throne, and shall be glorious for ever while the land endures. I, the Queen, have said it." This spirited speech was met with loud cheering, and I said that after all we bad only done onr duty, as it is the fashion of both Englishmen end Znlns to do, and there was nothing to make aa outcry about : at which they cheered still more, and | then I was supported off across the outer court yard to my old quarters in order that I might be pat to bed. As I went my eyes lit npon the bravo horse Daylight that lay there, his white head outstretched on the pavement, exactly as he had fallen on entering tbe yard ; and 1 bade those who supported rne take me near him. that I might look on the good beast once more be fore he was dragged away. And as I looked, to my astonishment he opened his eyes and, lifting his head a little, whinnied faintly. I could have shouted for joy to find that he was not dead, only unfortunately I had not a shout left in me ; hut as it was, grooms were sent for, and ho was lifted up and wine poured down his throat, and in u fortnight he was as well and as strong as ever, and is the pride and joy of all the people of blilosis, who, whenever they see him, point him oat to the little children as tho " horse which saved the White Queen's lift" Then I went on and got off to bed, and was washed and had my mail shirt removed. They hurt me a good deal ia getting it off, and no wonder, for on my leit breast was a black bruise the size of a saucer. The next thing that I remember was the tramp of horsemen ouistde the palace wall some ten boors later. I raised myself and asked what was the news, and they told ma that a large body of cavalry sent by Curtis to assist the Queen had arrived from tbe scene of the battle, which they had left two hours after son- down, When they left, the wreck of Sorais's army was in full retreat upon M'Arstuna, fol lowed by all onr effective cavalry. Sir Henry Was encamping his worn-out forces on the Site (snch is the fortune of war) that Sorais had occupied the night before, and proposed marching on to M'Arstuna oa the morrow. Having heard this, I felt that 1 could die with a light heart, and then every thing became a blank. When next I awoke, the first thing I saw was the round disc of a sympathetic eye-o- lass, behind which was Good. ' ' How are you getting on old chap ?" said a voice from the neighborhood of the eye glass. " What are you doing here?" I asked faintly. " You ought to be at M'Arstuna — have you run away, or what ?" " M'Arstuna, " he replied cheerfully. "Ah, M'Arstuna fell last week — you've been uucou icious for a fortnight, you see — with all the honors of war, you know, trnmpets blowing, flags flying, just as though they had the best of it ; but for all that, weren't ther just glad to go. Israel made for his tents, I can tell yon — never saw such a skedaddle in my life." " And Sorais I asked. " Sorais — oh, Sorais is a prisoner ; they gave her up, the scoundrels," he added with a change of tone — " sacrificed the Queen to save their (kins, you see. Sheis being brought up here, aud I don't know what will happen to her, poor loul," and he sighed. " Where is Curtis ? " I asked. " He is with Nyleptha. She rode out to meet us to-day, and there was a grand to do, 1 can tell yon. He is coming to see you to morrow ; the doctors (for there is a medical faculty ' in Zn-Vendis as elsewhere) thought that he had better not come to-day." I said nothing, but somehow I thought to myself that notwithstanding the doctors he might have given znc a look ; but there, when a man is newly married and has just gained a great victory ho is apt to listen to the advice of doctors, and quite right too. Just then I heard a familiar voice informing me that " Monsieur must now couch himself," and looking up perceived Alphouse's enormous black moustachios curling away in the distance. "So you are here ?" I said. " Mais oni, Monsieur ; the war is now finished, my military instincts are satisfied, and 1 return to nurse Monsieur." I laughed, or rather tried to ; but whatever may have been Alphoase's failings as a warrior (and I fear that he did not come up to the level of his heroic grandfather in this particular, showing thereby how true is the saying that it is a bad thing to be overshadowed by some great ancestral name), a better or a kinder nurse never liTcd. Poor Alphonse ! I hope he will always think of me as kindly as I think of him. On the morrow I saw Curtis and Nyleptha with him, and he told me the whole history of what had happened since Umslopogaas and I galloped wildly away from the battle to save the life of the Queen. It seemed to me that he had managed the thing exceedingly well, aud showed great ability as a general. Of course, however, our loss had been dreadfully heavy — indeed, I am afraid to say how many perished in the desperate battle I have described, but I know that the slaughter has appreciably affected tbe male population of tbe country. He was very pleased to see me, dear 'fellow that he is, and thanked me with tears in his eyes for the little I had been able to do. I saw bim, however, start violently when his eyes fell upon my face. As for Nyleptha, she was positively radiant now that "her dear lord" had come back with no other injury than an ugly scar on his forehead. I do not believe that she allowed all the fearful slaughter that bad taken place to weigh ever eo little in the balance against this one fact, or even to detract greatly from her joy ; and I cannot blame her for it, seeing that it is the nature of loving woman to look at all things through the spectacles of her love, and little do they reck of the misery iff the many if the happiness of the one be assured, 'fiat is human nature, which the Positivista tell us is just perfection, co no doubt it is all right. " And what art thou going to do with Sorais ? " I asked her. Instantly her bright brow darkened to a frown. " Sorais," the raid, with a little stamp of the foot; "ah, but Sorais i" Sir Henry hastened to turn the snbject. " You will soon be about and all right again tow, old fellow," be said. I shook my head and laughed. " Don't deceive yourselves," I said ; " I may ie about for a little, bnt I shall never be all right again. l am a dying man, Curtia I nay die slow, bnt die I most. Do yon knew Ihave been spitting blood all the morning ? a tell you that there is something working away into my lung ; I can feel it there. There, don t look distressed ; I have had my day, and am ready to go. Give me tho mirror, will yon. I want to look at myself." He made some excuse, but I saw through it and insisted, and at last ho handed me one of the discs of polished silver set in a wooden frame like a hand screen, which serve as looking glasses iu Zu-Vcndis. I looked and put it down. "Ah," I said, quietly, " I thought so, and you talk of my getting all tight." I did not liko to let them see how shocked I really was at thy own appearance. My grizzled stubby hsir svzs turned snow white, and my yellow face was shrunk like an aged woman's, and had two deep purple rings painted beneath the eyes. Here Nyleptha began to cry, and Sir Henrv again turned the subject, telling me that the artists had taken a cast of the dead body of old Umslopogaas, and that a great statue iu black marble was to be erected of him in the act c-f splitting the sacred stone, which was to be matched by another statue iu white marble of myself and tbe horse "Daylight" as he ap peared when, at the termination of that wild ride, he sank beneath mo in the court-yard of the palace. I have since seen these statues, which at the time of writing this, six months after the battle, are nearly finished ; and verv beautiful tbey are, especially that of Um- slopogaas, which is exactly like him. As for that of myself, it is good, but they have idealised my ugly face a little, which is perhaps as well, seeing that thousands of people will probably look at it in the centuries to come, aud it is sot pleasant to look at ugly things. Then they told me that L'tnslopcgaas's last wish had been carried cut, and that instead of being cremated, as I shall be, after the usual custom here, he had been tied up, Zulu fashion, with his knees beneath his chin, aud, having been wrapped in a thin sheet of beaten gold, entombed in a hole hollowed out of the masonry of the semicircular space at the top of the stair he defended so splendidly, which faces, as far as we can judge, almost exactly towards Zttlc- Isud. There he sits, and will sit for ever, for they embalmed him with spices and put him in an air-tight stone coffer, keeping his grim watch beneath the spot he held alone against a multitude : and the people say that at night his ghost rises and stands shaking tho phantom of Inkcsi- kaas at phantom foes. Certainly they fear during the dark hours to pass the place where the hero is buried. Oddly enough, too, a new legend or prophecy has arisen in the land in that unaccountable way in which snch things do arise among bar barous and semi-civilised people, blowing, like the wind, no man knows from whence. Ac cording to this saying, so long as the old Zulu sits there, locking down the stairway he defended when alive, so long will the new Honse cf the Stairway, springing from tbe union of the Englishman and Nyleptha, which he inaugurated by shattering the Holy Stoae, endure and flourish ; but when he is taken from tbcoce, or when, ages hence, his bones at last crumble into dost, tbe Honse shall fall, aud the Stairway shall fall, and the nation of the Zu- Vendi shall cease to be a nation. 