V.A.T.c7MiBETING. The oppressive weather of Saturday had its effect on the attendance at the Viotoria Am& teur Turf Olub nieoting, which did not amount to more than 5,000 people. Twelve oy$ q# the 18 entered oatne to the scratch tor the Selling Race, Ariel, ii\ the stable of Mr. Leslie MoDo^ald, Had' the weight of metal behind him) and as his friends made no mistake about his ability, he won cleverly by half a length from Liadington, next to whom came The Ghost. Nineteen was the main in th? priiv oipal event of the day, the Oakletgh HJandloap, for whioh Adelaide.pred Surprise and Qhioago were about equal favorites. The friends of both were pretty pear the mark, for Surprise won. but; byafce&d; o^y, and G"1**' got third. Master the ^homnsftfl. pdH ».-' ^^uperty of Joe eaddien .»- . w.»ir, Nine animals were " v,^ xor the'Hurdlerace, Huntsman, who had the services of Oorrigan, being in stalled favorite, The latter tired early in the race, and a slashing contest between Louis and Spartan eventuated in favor of the former by a nose only, Encore a fair third, The Criterion Stakes attraoted eight two.year.olds, Bedouin being made a 5 to 4 chance, He appeared to be winning a short distance from the poBt, when Albert Lodden, on whom Hales rode a determined finish, oaught and beat him by a neok, The winner is full brother to the once sensational Archie, Then oame the Steeple pleohase, for whioh a dozen came to the post. More than half the number raced at the first jump, and four of them oame to grief, viz,, Moonlight, Framlingham, Salesman, and the unlucky Huntsman (late Dancer), Cox, on Salesman, was seriously injured, and MoGowan rendered unconscious by a blow caused by one of the horses falling on him, He received an ugly gash on the side of his face, and will pro bably lose the sight of one of his eyes, The riders of Huntsman and Moonlight escaped with a shaking, Out of the scrimmage Mar mton led the horses which stood up, with Pro motion, Studley, Little Jack, Roulette, and Goodwood in the order named, Opposite the stand Burton made a very clever recovery when Little .Tnolc overjumped himself, Goodwood was held in a nice position all the way, and entering the straight was merely cantering. He wim by 200 yards, The coftrse-lookiug Roulette was second, and Studley third. The Hfiwkesburn Handicap, with 10 Btarters, ter roinated the meeting. Lord Wilton, who has been in fine form lately, was a slightly better favorite than Britisher and Leubia. The son of John Bull won an interesting race from King of the Wear, an outsider, Lesbia, and others, 