Clje Waltac Cimes. WALLAROO, WEDNESDAY. DEC. 21, 1887. \- : • • • t ■ - — THE COPPER MABKET. i Notwithstakding the pessimist, views taken bj many who are largely interested in copper production, the price continues to rise, Chili bare being now quote<TaV£80 per ton, and it is reported that there is eyery- pro bability of the'price reaching £100 per ton during the first quarter of the new year. So far there is little excitement in milling circles "the Peninsula, but there is little doubt that before many weeks the number of hands on all the mines now at work will be greatly increased, while tliereisa probability, that many of the oldmines that have been aban doned for some years past will be reopened. Last week we mentioned the fact that the Telta was likely to start, andsbm6 residents ef Kadina have taken up a mineral lease of the sections \on t.wijich the oMiJKadina Mine shafts are sunk. It is abo«t, twelve yeara now since some tributers raised .ore >outofthismine, and it w as very rich. We learn that- the direc tor of the Hatnley Mine, have given instructions to increase the number of men:' It is saiisfactory.to know that although the operations at the Hatnley Jiaye. been m&torjdlly;' kkiitailed ?- for -fcorne timepaat,1'^ of develop ment have still been attended to, and the propebty y?iil,be ik a pbsittpn to take advantage of the improvement in the .pricfc. pf copper at an early date. Thia.remarfc also applies to the other mines of the jPeninsula.. We do, not. expect toseeany very large extension of operations /tijitil after -the new year. Daring the jiext week or two the, miners from the Barrier, whose families are stiU «n £be Peningula, will be coming back to .spend their Christmas holidays, and doubtless if any inducementf"W- offered maaty of them. iwiU gladly take work < "under their former employers. The present im^rovemefet- in'prdspects is gratify ing- to, all 'classes. because the mines .'I .XT J ij A- | bemg an tail swing means a .good" market for firewood, and fair prices for all kinds of produce which the farmers in the surrounding districts have to sell, while the increased population means better times for the numerous tradespeople ef the Penin sula who have been hoping against hope for the past six years. CHBIST5IA8 Geese.—Messrs Richardson 6 Co.-wiii liold m special sale if prime geese, ham?, &c.;, ou sSatur-iry evening next at 7 o'oiock. Waixakoo Boaed oe Advice.—We ar.. ialomed by rhe Chairman that S. Small, Esq. I has been re-appointed a member for another urm of three years. I Mb Teeebb.—Many will be pleased to learn that Mr Telfer, chemist, &c.;, has let his I premise- :it Broken Hill, and that he intends remaining1 in.business at Kadina. < Kadxbta PxibTjIC School.—Mr Jus. Mal I colm, GhWmftn of the School Board, informs I us thc resmtfll the examination of the Kadina school *7VlO. This is very satisfactory, WaiIiAEOO Mabeet.—Malcolm & Co. will hold their usual monihly sale at Trye'e yards, on Thursday (to—morrow) evening (for the convenience of clients), at 5 o'clock, when they will offer Christmas poultry, &c.; How * JSeections abe conducted in America.—Broadbrim" in the %]fo*guiida Herald says:—Polities, red hot, i-oastipg, boiling, seething, rule the hour. Wo are Jiv the throes of » political revolution, Ueyer before in an off year have I seen snch activity displayed by all parties in the field and every one seems confident of victory. As far as fnnds are concerned the Democrats seem to have the call; they hayc ail of the Federal, State and Municipal offices. Our city offices are framed with especial reference to our elections. A police justice taken perhaps from a blacksmith shoporasaiuon getsassilaryhigher than a Supreme Court Ju<i[>e of the United States; a coroner who could not tell the difference between a fly blister and Epsom salts, gets from twenty-live to thirty thousand dollars; the commissioner of jurors receives twice as much as the President of the United States, and the sheriff about three times as mueh ; the consequence is, that the civil ser vice or no civil service, these officiuls have to come down about election times. Working- Men aitd Stbikes.—" There have been times uud incidents when the strike was the only court of appeal for the working men, and the evil lay in the abuse of strikes, and not in the use of thein. The methods used to bringabout a successful termination of strikes, the abuse of property and even of persons, has brought the very name, into dis repute, while sympathy for the labouring men is dying out. More and more clear]£ de fined is the line becoming which divides the honest man, satisfied with a just remuneration which lie has truly earned, until by his own effort he can rise to a higher position in life, and the loud'Voiced 4 bomb throuwer," who, scarcely able to speak the English language, seeks to win his own comfortable Jiving from those "who -have worked for it, presuming upon the imagination and arousing false hopeB in the' hearts of those who are still more ignorant thap himself. Among sensible men the day for all this is past." These are the words of Mr Arthur, the head of the Brother-* hood of Locomotive Engineers, which is the most powerful and successful . labor union in the country, the only one that has no internal diesentions, and that enjoys the respect of the country. Ayoub Khji« and Apghaxistajt.—Ayoub Khan will, it is understood, be taken to India. The details of his surrender are not yet known, but it is stated that it was brought about mainly through Smiar Hushim Khan, son of Mahommed Sharif Khau, who has been living as a refugee in Persia since General .Roberts defeated Ayoub in September, 1880. Pro fessor Vamtery, writing in the Pester Lloyd, says he thinks that Ayoub Khan's surrender will secure peace and order in Afghanistan for a long time, which is the first condition of British snceess in -Central Asia; and if England has sufficient courage and determina tion to support the distinguished diplomatist at the head of the Indian Government there is still time to baffle Russian designs on India. " England," he adds, " stil} disposes of suffi cieut-power ^to check-Muscovite designs in Inner Asia and to break the chain of causality which the St. Petersburg Cabinet has striven hard to establish between Sofia and Herat. JBnssia, to day isolated in Europe, will not hessitate long to in&ate; herself in A.sia. The .Northern Bear, vexed at thp Central Eurpean alliance, will henceforth growl on the lefs bank the Oxns; but England will no doubt profit by the advantages which she has mean while attained." Kadina JjI^babt Society.—The proceed ings of the Kadina Literary Sooiety for 1887, terminated on Friday, December 16, with a very successful social; in which members only of the Society were engaged. Miss Holloway played the first overture, whilst Misses Hasel grova j snd Horwood performed; jhe.^seoond overture. Songs were well: rendered' by Mrs Meth' arid Miss Martin, and -two glees were sang by members. Messrs Hotloway and Naugbton appeared in a new character, and brought down the house by the energetic and businesslike manner in which they sang a solo each. Following the example set at the pre vious social, coetical contributions, limited to teD Jineg, were ipyited f^om raembeis, and the invitation was well responded, to, the contri butions varying considerably both in kind and in quality. The general opinion, bpwever, was that as a whole they were'superior to those previously presented. Several amusing inapronsptu speeches" were made, about the best being one on the best drink for hot weather, the speaker eloquently advocating the merits of tea. Paring the interval those present made what the programme entitled •' practical experiments on food products by one and all for 20 minues." These experi ments were thoroughly enjoyed by the ^0 per | eons who were present. The proceedings culminated jn a dance which was kept op with spriifc for a couple of hours! The British Beojcee Sill Co.—'" A Victim with 200 Shares" in writing to the Silver Age says -—" I write this letter con cerning tfre mismanaged and untruthful way the British proprietary shares were floated in the colonies,. The publio were led to expect that these share* would be applied for three times over, which led many to believe that they would only get allotted the third of what they applied for. And this is the result - tbupt they have had alloted to them $11 the 'shares they applied for; and now they ajre selling the chores at 15s discount to enable ! them to pay the allotment money ; and when the flext instalment of $1 10s comes due there wilt he another sacrifice ic the price. Still a greats/ JOsp will accrue when itha third £1 10s per share to be paid. The very fact of paying the brokers per share tor getting these shateeoffiiad a gotjd l^eal to do with the lying telegrams seat a it the colonies. ^Paying .the brokers 10 per cent, almost at tjie last moment in the colonies to get the shares off was a very good line to go by, thaic the floating was a failure on the .London 'raafket. But the directors kept that dark, and the ?at.est news was that more shares had besnappjip^fpr iff. }hg colonies in a few days than in X"mj<3oh. J.t tfe pame sort of dodges had been tilled .in getting off shares in the different companies floated here lately it would be called by a very hard natttd. The Silver £ge deserves credit for the fearless aiid independent way, irrespective of parties, in Which it exposed tifii lying and mismanaged affair." KTBTTTTaTW Eras A»B ! SsiErrUAIilSM.— Among the many things that &rr;£st the at tention of thinking men in these days the un called modern spiritualism is coming to the 1 front. Doubtless there is a good deal in this -system (if it may foe thus termed) that mystifies us, bat at the .same time there is a great deal of falsehood. IJe this as $ B>^y, ' Mr Evans denwti££s jthb whole "affair as j " Sank Humbug." "Sfor jg this an hurripd ; conclusion, for he has SRp.nt S great deal of time in investigaftng .JAd' exposing fhe mysterious phenomena cirafcected therewith. SJtnce Mr Evans has been ii&he; colony he has quashed -all epiriturlistlc eocietiea in Adelaide, has beea f&ited; on several occasions to clear liorrid eights sod sounds that generally cause the timid folk sleep leas flights and indigestion, each as haunted houses, ghosts, and spirit manifestations of all kinds. Mr Bnufs hss also been invited to perform in Melbourne, iiext y^pr. Adelade has lipt heard and seen him only, he has performed and lectured in Manchester, ^iyerpool, Sbefield and many other places in the /old country, and now 11c comes torsive an «xperUaeptal lecture in the Institute Hall, Kadina, on ^nday-jaight, 23rd Inst.; when be. will include a grand light, seance. He invites hearers to bring, roper* 3 ;1 * >,-■* ■■ ' 1 • " "f.T " %- -i ' "• • and chains with which to bind him. Chal lenges of the world £100 to any who will show him any spiritualistic manifestations which he cannot imitate by trickery and explain. A Distinguished American in England. —'The London correspondent of the Narra coorte paper Bays:—A distinguised visitor readied oar shores on Sunday in Mr J. L, Sullivan who claims to be the champion prize fighter of the world. Mr Sullivan's leave taking in the States was marked by many touching incidents. The saloon of the steamer was crowded by his friends, many of whoaj were quite unable to conceal their emotion ; and the aristocracy of the Fi»e Points, who crowded the whari, were visibly affected. At Liverpool Mr Suliiyan met with a reception of the most cordial character, Every British pugilist who was Out of gaol thronged to the waterside to welcome..hisgreat exemplar, and BDch an array of battered- and disfigured countenances has, we should imagine, rarely been seen outeide of Whitechapel. Some of these veterans were desirous of taking the horses from Mr Sullivan's carriage, but more sober counsels prevailed, and the nobler animals were allowed to remain in the traces. The same writer continues : —The reception given to J. L. Sullivan, the American pugilist, at Euston and in Fleet Jstreefc is scarcely cheering to the opponents of the prize-ring The approaches to the station, os well as the station itself, were blocked, and the report that a speech might be expected from the " genial ruffian" at the windows of the Sports man office was sufficient to cause thoroughfare to be blocked. -Sullivan regards himself as ' the biggest man in America. The President of the White Honse is a mighty personage truly but nothing to Sullivan. He is a haud somn man, not at all like a conventional pugilist—with a broken nose, or the reason, aB he put it, that the man does not exist who could break it. It is somewhat humiliating to think that a prize-fighter should have been welcomed in Fleet Street as jf he had been a great statesman or a suooessful general. Our culture after all, seems only skin deep, and there is evere now and then an outbreak of the inner barbarism. LocaIi Option in Victoria.—The Austra lasian thus comments on the victory of the local optionists in Melbourne:—Though we are not at all pleased at the triumph won by the local optionists in the Assembly first and the Council afterwards, it is not to be denied that their zeal ^entitles them to success. For the first time for many years the Upper House has sat until 2 o'clock in the morning iu order to push the Licensing Bill through committee; and Mr Balfour seems to have temporarily forgotten his good manners in order to be angry with Mr Cuthbert for con senting, on behalf of the Government to pro gress being reported at that very advanced hour. The aimB of the teetotal party are good —we refer to the goal they see afar off, not the one immediately before their eyes. They want to abolish the vice of drunkenness, and to make the Anglo-Saxon as sober us the Mahommedan; but they do not proceed in the Mahommedan way, which we believe is a surer one than giving a minority of the electors the right to close the public houses. Among the Mahommedans the drunkard is punished with social and re-igous ostracism— to be seen under the iniiuence of intoxicating liquor is to incur shemo for which there is no absolution. The prohibition of the sale of intoxicants in this community, if it could be be brought about; would cause the current to sot srro»gly in the opposite direction. Un regenerate man would lake a pride in getting drunk to assert his right to act and think for himself. It is not our fault that man is unre generate, or that he resents being put under disciplinary restraints by persons whose au thority to rule over him he cannot recognise. Ererybod v respects, or at any rate lives in wholesome fear of, the unwritten eooial laws of the community, and the statutes only have effect to the extent that they are iu conformity with the social laws or publio opinion. In regard to the vice of drinking it is public opinion that requires educating. What is it that restrains Mr Munro from breaking out more frequently than he does into violent fits of temper in the Legislative Assembly P Is it the standing orders of the Legislative Assembly, or the desire he lias to stand well in the estimation of hiB fellow-members? The standing orders are stringent enough, but they do not prevent Mr Munro from occasionally losing his head ; and is not- the spirit of the law of Parliament openly trans gressed day after day Mr Bent and Mr Grauu sou? The local optionists are earnest, but short-sighted. They^wouljl crowd the coun try up witlj whited sepulchres. Just as in the time of the Puritans, the mask of hypocrisy would come into general wear, and the hypo crite is thejjerspn most scornfully spoken' of in Holy As OateERS See Us.—The Australasian of Satdrday is scarce]? complimentary to our present Ministry. But in its (concluding remarks, which'have reference to the dispu ted boundary there is a trace of jealousy which will go far to disoount the value of the other criticisms. It says:—The South Australian session terminated with the pro? rogation last week, but it was a formal proro gation, as the two Houses bave been .called together again to gire the Council a second opportunity to accept the Taxation Bill, wtiic-1} tt?ey refused to swallow at the first olfer. One of the marked features of the Session, observes the Register, is the growing power of the Council, *' which is, perhaps, the inevitable result of recent legigltation for making that Chamber more amenable to popular opinion." The conduct of the House in relation topayment of members, which it grasppj at ^rather greedily, cannot, however, have raised it mpch in public estimation; and if it has grown in strength'it must be because the members have acted with mora discretion le regard to measures of larger interest. In South Anstralia the Council is liable to partial and to total dissolution, which obliges the majority to think out their prospects well before taking up an attitude of hostility to the Assembly (even when it is forcing payment on them), and, on the other hand, gives weight to their opinion when they boldly and firmly express it? in defiance of penal consequences The Playford Minis try has got through the session comfortably. It ?s a time serving, direction-of-the-wind observing Ministry. Mr Bray's tactics have beerj studiously followed by the Premier, who has conciliated the House under all circum stances, pushing on the measures the majority wanted, dropping those they did not seem to like, and including in his programme the proposals made by the predecessors which he found were to the taste of the members. A Ministry of that kind gets along all right while tjis weather continues fine or the questions presenting themselves for solution are easy of solution. It alyayg fails in the hour of trial, and dies without leaving ary memory behind it. {.One of tbe'good measures Of the session was a bill inherited from the Downer-Bray Ministry ; and Mr Catt, the member of the Cabinet who pushed it through, was but recently a " strong opponent." The measure in question was the Railway I|oard Bill, which plaeep the railways under manage ment somewhat like thaf which has been adopted with conspicuous success in Victoria. i The legislation to which the Playford Minis try owe their present 'standing in the Assembly is the Tariff Bill. It went "the | whole hog" on that question, to. prevent any aectiop of the House outbidding it, and the colony is c$mtpitted fir beyond what anybody expectjed at the gpneral eleotion. Victoria fejjs only jtp con'oedp that piijer^ble little strip of disputed territory, and tjie colon? will possess eresj iftogr# artificial means of growing prosperous; bat the p.eople who most decidedly object are those who Ure along the border. The members of the Wimmera in the Victorian Parliament, epeakjng for their constituents, brealc out into violence sjt the bare idea of the matter in dispute being in^uirted jntp as disputable. Onr South Australian neigh^»o^| have so much, land already—900,000 jguarfl mile^— that "jpp wonder at their wanting to t'pke a strip two fBile? wide from Victoria, whicS has none to spare even fin aojyeptifio grounds. £ party of prospectors, organised fey Messrs Ziegiay-gad Bishop, left Cowell on Monday morning to explore country to the nortli-west, in which is known to a large deposit of: silver lead and other minerals, ^he party expects to be away about a month. It is expected (says » telegram to the Jtegisfyr) that the yield of gold in Queensland Jor the present year will exceed that of laBt year by J.00,009 ounces,, haf of which is from Croydon, 'The balance is .made iip of increas ed yields from Mount Morgan and Charters. In 1806 the jield was 340,000 os. ' This year it will be 440,000 oz. The yield of gold at Mount Morgan for twelve .month's ending November 30, waB 83,705 oz., valued at $3UfiS7. Reaping. Winnowing. LiTEKABy social. Wheat bugs scarce. Thbee days a week. Harvesting weather. Fabmeos short of bags. " - The J3.D, clipper in again. Fibst wheat alrip amyed. Life iu our old tnines yet. < The old Yelm st-«rting again. A special constable for Moonta. ChowN Prince's tli'-na; s..iH BaOKEN UlLIi avallnis? u. gna i-ollipaiiy. Tub last was a shori out aiiarp session. Loco, ehe.de "to be creeled at Petersburg. Lei ub have wuiiu r^tiier Hi mi a Board. FabsIEEs too busy reaping to cart wheat yet. The Mount Pleasant ruby discovery hope ful. ■ ' Heavy rains .at lVetulpa; all the dame full. The Upper House waa taught * lesson last week. The Assembly prorogued on Saturday at noon. The old Saxon has been doing steamer time. The standard at the Moonta Mine to be raised. Thk old gadina Mine will be re-opened shortly. Littrw hue's team has made 624 against Victoria. Copper still advancing; so are the hopes of the miners. Dr Dale has had a farewell demonstration in Adelaide. The Crown Prince will hare some stiff doctor's bils. The Silverton tramway to be opened on January 12. Captain Bunker arrived again, making a good passage. Two niSre members to be appointed to Lund Board. Moonta Council quite satisfied with their present officers. The cadets of Victoria have held a success ful encampment. Will Mr Baker M.L.C. be as good as his word and resign ? GrOLD reefing in WeBtern Australia is pro mising good results. Woke commenced on the Yelta property under Captain Vercoe. The rabbits are coming down in a ware over Walioway plains. The machinery of the North Yelta Mine being put in working order. The Lantern is highly complimentary to the Commissioner of Police. Honest Tom retraced his steps on Friday as gracefully as was possible. It is announced that the Imperial Parlia ment will meet on February 9. Big competition among the schools for the exhibition oil New Year's Ere. The Hon. C. Mann is leaving on a health recruiting trip to New Zealand. The Victorian Eleven have made a poor stand agninst Lilly white's Eleven. " Go with it " has scored one against John Styles on the wheat cleaning racket. Mr DebbinGTON has been appointed Secre tary to the Chamber of Manufactures. Miss Amy Sherwin, the Australian nightin gale, has been delighting city audiences. That Sergeant Leahy disturbance at Gawl er continues to bo the leading local topic. Lobd Brassey is not forgetting the interests of the colonies now that he is in England. The Phylloxera Board of Victoria declares that the desease is dying out in that colony. The Government have obtained a diamond drill for testing mining properties at greater depths. Noeth-Eastern farmers haye a greater scourge iu prospect than red rust; the rab bits are sweeping down upon tbem. The Port Adelaide paper presents a picture of their two local members, which is anything but flattering to Mr Hopkins. Mr PlATfokd positively refuses to allow Corporations any relief from police moiety so long as they receive any Government subsidy. A Glenelg fishing party captured a mullet last week whi*h on being opened was found to contain a Bteel watch chain. Thomas Toogcod second officer of the Fray Bentos died suddenly at Port Pirie on Friday. _ . The steamer Louisa Lam one has arrived,at Port Piieie witb a cargo of coal, in a leaky condition. At Wauk&ringa; mine they have been feed ing the rabbits in order to keep them from dying in the workings and causing a nuisanoe. Mr Baker was rough on the genial Simme; said he seemed anxious to vote with both sides. The Hon. WeBt-Erskine says it iB political dishonesty to continue the present assessment for onbther year. Mb Bbay is Executive Commissioner for Sooth Australia at the Melbourne Exhibi tion. The Vermin Board which has its head quarters at Redhill is a much greater nuisance than the vermin. Thebe Is <to be a conference on railway tariffs in Melbourne shortly. Messrs Catt and Pendleton will represent South Austra lia. The present changeable weather suggests to farmers the necessity for a winnower tliat can consume the chaff or blow it against t,he wind. Sib Samuel Griffith's Btar seems to be set ting in Queensland, and Sir Thos. Mcllwraith has been called out from his retirement once more. The P. & O. Steamer Britannia has made the fastest trip on record from London to Melbourne via Colombo. The vessel averaged J.5 knots, i Mabtin & Co., of Gawler, engaged a special train on Saturday, and conveyed their em ployes and families, about 700 in all, to the exhibition, Mr Slatteey the member of the New South Wales Assembly, who was removed for i disobeying the ruling of the Speaker, haB is sued a writ against the latter. Sohe person, whose whereabouts has been anxiously looked for, has been damaging news papers and other articles in the reading room of tbe Gladstone Institute. The Government will introduce an amend ing Corporation Bill early next session, on the lines of the District Council Act. All local licence fees will go to Corporation funds. The death is announced of the Kev. Alexander Mackonnoohie, who, when curate of St. Albans, Holborn, was sentenced to a term of imprisonment for Ritualistic pur poses. The .Bev.. J. Jones, a missionary at tbe Loyalty Islands, lias been expelled fay a French Military force, sand is now in Sydney. He intends to olaim compensation to tbe amount of £2,000, , , The actioq of 17 private members last week saved tbe country £10,000, bumbled the Legislative Council, and was a solemn protest against those legislators who think that the bulk offttaxes sbonld be paid by the poor. Mr Ba|Ceb sbts circumstances have arisen $rhich Jjave pompeljed him to arrive at two conclusions, first J,hat tjiere must be a pro perty and income tax, and secondly that the Legislative Council should bo abolished. IsjiaeIi Pasha, ex-Khedm* of Egypt, who abdicted in favour of Tewfik Pasha in 1879, and who was then forbidden by the Sultan to return to Constantinople, has now gained pertnission from the Porte to reside in this city. ' fjHOSB who have failed to comply with rate apfcrt? for the fja-min district in which these hundreds are situated, may expect a Visit from &oVme8; not >Ske no fqr <ta answer, but Ipte ^qu look down the barrel of a loaded revolver. . Mr FiTBNBBisaidlhe-never knew of such pon temptable conduct as that displayed by the Government in turning round on Friday. Surely the hon. member has forgotten some of jfcjbe delightful polilicfrtjfiotaer&smltB; performed jbv his iate eolleagges, TjfE Paily tJjat Sir J. B. Thurston, the *»% Governor of JTiji, will introduce several new industries ittto Mat colony, including mills for the extracatton of copanpt oil, for making ooeoanut matting, and for canning the fruit. The week's rup jat (the |3roken ^ill Proprie tary' .Company's mine yas;—furnjjeps, lege fojjr hours—Ore treatcd 13^3 tons, yield ing 254 tons of bullion, containing 53.l2J.oz". silver. . Bullion despatoh®d^2§§ tons; esti mated value, £45 per ton. At Yabba Yabba, (Victoria) near Sheppar ton, on Saturday morning, a farmer named Michael <0'Sbea shot his son with'a rifle land Stajb^ bis own wife. The son died in a few hours, '^Ws jp no hope of the woman's recovery. JChe murder gave himgelf jjp. The cause ol the crime Is a land dispute. 