SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. h I THE TURF. An official intimation appears in our business columns this morning to the effect that the Randwick Jtiieoconroe will be closed until further notice, owing to the late heavy rains, which have rendered the different training trucks dangerous to work on. Sporting men will have an opportunity of securing some well-bred racing stock at Fennelly's Bazaar to-day, which Mr. Clibborn will offer for sale the following racehorses : - Chesham, Oceana, Bonita. Ruby colt, - Etiquette filly, Prince Stilling, Tolmo, First Foster, and Wodonga. Blairgowrie has been struck out of the County Purse, and Huntingtower's name has been removed from the list of nominations for the Hawkesbury Guineas and Produce Stakes in connection with the Hawkesbury Race Club. In consequence of a heavy rainfall at Grafton yesterday morning, the races under the auspices of the Clarence River Jockey Club were postponed until to- day, but it is more than probable that a further postponement will be found necessary in consequence of the unsettled state of the weather, and the sloppy condition of the course. For similar reasons, the committee of the 1 Liverpool Jockey Club have decided on a further postponement of their coming meeting to the 23rd instant. Those interested should remember that the acceptances for the principal handicaps of the Deniliquin Jockey Club must be in the hands of the secretary to-morrow evening. Mr J; J. Cushan's bay mare, Lauristina, who' won the Jubilee Handicap at Gunnedah on Thursday last, collided with a post while playing a part of forwards in the Ladies' Bracelet, and received such injuries as will probably necessitate his retirement from the turf. Launetiua carried silk; nine times in the northern district during the racing season of 1885-6, and was victorious on two occasions, viz., in the Maiden Plate at Narrabri, in December, 1885, and the Members' Purse at Glen Innes, in the February following. The Wyndham (Tie.) Racing Club mo in the sch with a liberal programme for the 30th instant, when £275 will be distributed in stakes over five events, of which the principal is the Wyndham Handicap of 75 sovs. Ruby, the well-performed daughter of Lapidist and Mincepie, arrived at Flemington on Saturday last, to undergo her final preparation for her Grand National Steeplechase engagement on next Saturday. The following racehorses will be offered for sale at Melbourne on Friday Grace Darling (the Caulfield Cup winner); Golden Fleece, Kitty Fisher, Gudily, Lithologist, Marlborough, Empress, Bar One, The Ghost, Tumult, Preston, Sea Nymph (yearling), the sire Columbus (winner of the Australian Cup and Mimulus, The Knave (winner of the Launceston Cup), and the fashionably-bred two year- old Bothwell. A special general meeting of the members of the v Victorian Club, Melbourne, will be held on Friday evening next for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability of imposing an entrance upon all bookmakers who may hereafter be elected members of the club. The jubilee meeting of the Gunnedah Jockey Club was held on Thursday last, when fine weather and a good attendance, combined with excellent sport, helped to make up an enjoyable outing. Business commenced with the Opening Handicap, 6 furlongs, for which there wore 10 starters, the winner turning up in Testator, 7st. 12lb., who came home a couple of lengths in front of Charlie, 7st., and Blondin, 6st. 10lb., half a length separating the second and third horses. The only starters for the Prince of Wales' Stakes were Judv, 7st. ; Fancy, 7st. and Gunner, 7st., who finished in that order. The Jubilee Handicap, 14 mile, brought seven competitors to the post, and the race eventuated in favour of Lauristina, 8st. 6lb., who easily do feated The Arrow, 7st. 12lb., by a length and a half, with Blondin half a length away, third. There were a dozen starters for the Hack Race, 6 furlongs, and Goolhi, who carried 7st. 4lb., had not much difficulty in securing a victory. The Ladies' Bracelet, a trophy are sented by the Mayoress of Gunnedah (Mrs. Smyth), attracted a field of it, and, as the event was to be contested by amateur riders, considerable interest was manifested in the result. At the fall of the flag. Stout, list. Gib., who was ably steered by Mr. Simmons, went to the front, was never headed, and won by three lengths from Jack's the Lad, 12st. 8lb. (Mr. Nelson), with Lauristina, 12st. 121. (Mr. Bowen), and Blondin, 10st. 3lb. (Mr. Campbell), on almost level terms for third place. A match between Goolhi, the winner of the Hack Race, and Misfortune, another competitor for that event, brought the day's sport to a conclusion. The weights were 7st. 4lb. arid 9st. respectively, and the stakes 6 sovs. aside. The pair raced together to the turn for home, where Goolhi drew away, and won by two lengths. The officials under whose management the day's sport was carried out were Mr. T. J. Heydon, judge; Mr. Hurley, starter; and Mr. Smyth, clerk of the scales and they performed their respective duties in a most satisfactory manner. The Williamstown (Vic.) Racing Club seem to be going the light way towards making their gatherings successful, by offering stakes for which it will pay the owners of good racing stock to compete. In their programme for the Prince of Wales' Birthday meeting, the leading handicap will be worth 400 sovs., of which the second and third horses will receive 70 and 30 sovs. respectively. Nominators for the handicaps in connection with the forthcoming meeting of the Deniliquin Jockey Club, to be held on the 19th and 20th instant, should bear in mind that the acceptances must be in the hands of the secretary not later than 8 p.m. on Thursday next. The racehorse Glen Elgin, by Sir Arthur, from Distant, the property of Mr. S. R. Kennedy, has been placed under the tuition of M. Kelly, Bourke-street, Surry Hills.. The Northern Jockey Club contemplate holding a two days' meeting on the Rutherford racecourse about the latter end of September. > Twenty-two nominations have been received for the 22nd Mares' Produce Stakes. 1889, in connection with the Clarence River Jockey Club. Mr. T. H. Smith has 10 entries in his name, including four youngsters by Capt water, four by Merlin, and two by" Rougnoy; Mr. J. Barnes has five representatives-four by Orlando and one by Drum Major ; Mr. W. J. Hawthorne's nominations are two by Stockdale, and Mr. W. J. Noud has a filly entered in Tasmania by the same side; Mr. C. O'Sullivan is represented by two of Crusader's progeny;, and Mr. J. Harris has entered a colt by Andover. The 19th Sires' Produce Stakes, 1889, attracted 14 entries, as under Stockdale 5, Captivator 4, Drum Major 3, and Crusader 2. Paradox, who was recently disqualified at Morven for a period of two years, has been purchased by Mr. W. Graham, of Charleville (Q.), for £100. Paradox is a son of Rapid Bay and Paradise. At a meeting of the committee of the Newcastle Jockey Club, held on Friday night, it was decided to elect a Leger stand, the space underneath to be occupied by a temperance and two publicans' booths. The upper portion of the new stand will consist of two stories, and it is anticipated that the structure will be completed in time for the coming meeting in August. A substantial fence is to be erected in front of the stand, the road to the course is to be made wider, and a number of other improvements will be effected. The committee intend to hold race meetings every second month, and are determined to leave nothing undone that could add to the popularity of the club. An amateur race meeting will shortly come off at Muswellbrook. Mr. C. H. Holmes, the popular starter for the Queensland Turf Club, attended the recent meeting of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, and wielded the flag on both days, with his accustomed ability. He declined, however, to' receive any remuneration, or even to allow the club to pay his expenses and in recognition of his valuable services, the committee have decided to present him with a handsome souvenir of his visit to the central district. The bay mare Lauristina, who has been referred to in the North for some time past as a " most contemptible hack," rather astonished the northern sportsmen at the winter meeting of the Maryborough (Q.) Jockey Club on the 1st and 2nd instant, when she secured no less than three events. viz., the Publicans'' Purse, the Town Plate Handicap, and the District Plate. The daughter of Norman and Miss Beau was submitted for sale on the second day, and was purchased for £100 by Mr. J. Hurley, who afterwards refused to part with the mare for nnàdvancoof £20 on his bargain. Splendid weather favoured the concluding day of the Maryborough (Q.) Jockey Club Meeting on the 2nd instant, when the attendance was large, and the racing excellent. The Sun of seller was put through the totalisator during the day, making a total of £2208 for the meeting. Lord Headington, who scoured the Flying Handicap on the previous day, opened the business in the July Handicap, 7 furlongs, which, with 7st. 7lb. in the saddle, he annexed from a field of seven by a nose, in 1 minute 34 seconds, his next attendants being His Worship, 8st, and Lo GrangoJ 7st. 2lb. Yabba, 9st. 7lb., was served up as a hot favourite for the Town Plate Handicap of 100 sovs., 14 mile, but the disappointing son of Melbourne and Yellina'was never dangerous from the start, and Mr. Cadell's. bay mare Lauristina, 8st. 5lb., wou.-*fho event cleverly by a head on the post from Pirate, 9st. 7lb., who was two lengths in front of Theorist, 8st. 8lb., the distance having been covered in 2 minutes 12 2-5 seconds. Lauristina, with an impost of list. 10lb., again distinguished herself by winning the succeeding race-the District Plate, of 30 sovs., once round, a Welter Handicap for all horseowners by residents in the Wide Bay, Burnett, and M ulgravo district-in a canter, from Cimitiere, 10st. 3lb., and Boomerang 9st. 5lb.. in 2 minutes 6 seconds. The Half-mile Spin was won by Fnno, 7st. 10lb., in 50 seconds the Hack Handicap, 5 furlongs, fell to Acrobat, Bat. 8lb., who got over the distance in 1 minute 23 seconds and the Forced Handicap, once round, was appropriated by Norman, 7st. lib. Lauristina, 7st. 12lb., and Fane, 7st. 13th., filling the other places, the journey having been accomplished in 4 minutes 48 seconds. The Sporting Life (England) is responsible for the following Australia has discovered an Archer. At least we read that " a little light weight "-it would be more remarkable if he wore a little heavy weights named David Murray, only 12 years of age, rode six of the eight winners at the Easter races held at Wallsend, near Newcastle, New South Wales." The Manchester Cup, won by Carlton, on June 2, was worth £238117s., as against £220 7s. with which Riversdale credited Sir R. Jardine last year. The son of Pall Mall and Bonny Spec covered the course, about a mile and three-quarters, in 3 minutes 27 seconds, 7 1-5 seconds i lower than the time I ever died in 1886. I 