A MYSTERIOUS BTOiNE FORT. (sasavnvLL A RanEoaN.) There is nothing in Tennessee, or in the Sooth, whose antiquity is so meysteriou and entirely beyond the domain of decent apecn lation as the old stone fort, which is a mile and a half below the town of Manchesb?r. The two prongs of Duck River come within, say, 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1,00 acres in the forks of the river, and below the Narrows. At the Narrows the fort comr mences by a stone wall, now covered with earth running from one river to the other. and there the walls are built along the banks of both rivers down to apoint where a' canal had been cut from one river to the other.; there a wall is made from one river to the other, perhaps a quarterof a mile. On the outside of this wall is a hollow, and in this hollow is the sign of the canal or ut evidently intended to protect the fort by both the wail and the canal. From the upper to the lower wall, at places, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever this bluff-precipitous-is found there is nowall,' but wherever there is no natural berrier the wall is built. The entrance to the fort was at the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their woek intelligently. The entrance is by a narrow passwsy, with walls on ettser side, and offeets so as to prevent the enemy on the outside from having a direct entrance fol themselves, and so as to protect those on the inside from missiles en the outside. The fort contains forty.seven acres, and is, or was, when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the trees of large sire growing on top of the walls. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1808, cut one of the trees from the top of the wall and found it to be about; 500 years old, One mile up the river from the fort is an immense mound-the largest one perhaps in the country--making it pro, bable that the fort was built by the mount builders. Beyond this nobody knows any thing about it. Colonel Murray, who was man of high intelligence, claimed to have conferred with the Indians of different. tribes, but none of them could give him any account of it, either by tradition or other' wise. This fort is one of the many evidenosi, that in this country, at some remote period, there was a race of people of more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlers fonud. From the time of the first settlement of the country there were ghost stories con. nected with the old stone fort, which shbou 1834 culminated in a most remarkable p?p sode. In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the Murfreesborong went out in the neighbourhood ofl the oiJ fort to have a fox hunt. The country was thinly settled, and there were many deer. After having camped out for several days, one night they saw strange sights, which caused them to leave next day. They were: not communicative, but the story got onut. and was much talked of. The next ?all the same six gentlemen, with nie others, went back and camped open the same spot. I1 was said that they were quite anxiouse to se the same sights that had besen sen before. But week passed, and they saw nothing. though they were quite successful in killing deer. At the end of about a week a man named Latimer got two small boes in the neighbour hood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to'; sqe how they . would stand a strangen noiee. It was in the Fall, a frosty sight. The hunters had a big fire and were in a greate glee. For three hours the dumb.hbull was made to work from different points in the woode at a safe distance. At ferst the bnters were disposed to laugh, then they got quiet, finally they commenced shooting. [Many guns were fired. This was kept up until the man and two boys left, which ,was about midnight, Between midnlght and day the whole fifteen men left the camp, lervngE1 their meat and other things, and wasn to a farmhouse, the house where the' two boys who had been in she mischief 'were' sleeping. Next morning the hunters told wondeful stories about what they saw, how it came close up to the fire, and bow impe??.' vious it was to their bullets, how it changed1 about from an animal to s woman, and what it would say. The two boys were as' still as mice for they had stolen off from'? their father by the pemrusasion of Latimer,.: who was, himself a -bunter and wanted to: driee thee, hunters away. - The' fifteen men lefIthat morning, and wenrt back to Mnrfreesboroughb to verify'snk wakesood-the ghoet story of the year behfoi. The story got into the newspapers and war? the biggest sensation that had turned up, for many pears. But it got out that a hunter. and two boys had scared them away.- This was denied, sand the phoet theory was mlin.-r reined with herolo verity. This knighthood service in the hd, of. hests took place fifty.three years ago. D , the'parieipants are dead but oneof the?hoy?I,' who lives to write this story and to verify ity' truth. - 