THEATRICAL GOSSIP. -Theatre Royal. " The Tempest." Geor°e Rignold and Co. —Opera House. " The Forty Thieves." —Princess 1 Theatre. "Harbour Lights." Williamson, Garner and Musgrove's Dramatic Company. —Bijou Theatre. Minnie Palmer. —Alexandra Theatre. Closed. —Victoria"Hall. Clark's " Silk Stockings." —St. George's Hall. Lawton's " Crimson Circle." —Waxworks. Dr. Lynn's Ihdas. 1 On Friday a preliminary meeting was held at the New Princess' Theatre in connection with the proposed fund to be raised 011 behalf of the widow and son of Mr William Hoskins. There was a large attendance of the leading members of the profession. Mr. J. C. Williamson presided. A benefit performance was decided upon and a committee appointed to carry out arrangements. It is intended to hold a second meeting, when the matter will be fully discussed. As already stated, Mr. Henrv Irvine Mr. Hoskins old pupil, will contribute £100 to the fund , —^uiarmis Circus has knocked the Japanese people Kite-nigh. He has been patronised by royalty and had a presentation made him at the Imperial Palace Concerning Phil Day (the JJosco Blithers) iiis manv friends and admirers will hear with regret that he is dangerously ill. —A very pleasing ceremony took place the other evening, upon which occasion Mr. Frank 51. Clark had toe extreme pleasure of making a presentation to Mr W Higgmbotham, the well-known wig-maker. The gift took the shape of a very massive chain. We may here mention that there was a gigantic bull-dog on one end of it. Mr. Higgmbotham was completely carried away bv the unexpected gift, and as the eyes of the dawg described a seini-circle, Dad evidently wished the poodle earned away also Mr. Higginbotham briefly returned thanks, as he kept a respectful distance from his dore i;:!^meS - ls , n °w the proud possessor of this harmless little animal. Dad appears to have been haunted by the eyes of the pup, and " James " became the owner. Jkmee also keeps a respectful distance. , -^ B r i S b a U e pape , r te,)s UB that stage is to have a loss of a serious nature, "if rumour may be credited and that is that Essie Jenyns, our sweet Queensland il and^f^^laeartin Sydney, and m e a E f o low it and leave the stage. I do not know if it is absolutely true, but I have received the story from two different sources; but I will break the news if it is a fact " We sincerely hope and trust that Miss Essie will ulav a season m Melbourne before she fulfils tliat engagement ^nTt", 6 0 ' SU 5f ly our brj Kht little Australia!?doeslnot intend to leave the profession. We can't spare bee —The doctors have little cause for complaint at least as far as the theatrical profession is concerned.' Scarcely a day passes without a fresh name being added to the list The latest is Miss Virginia Clayton vP77n,y;^0[? e i, Herbelt 'T. the Popular comedian, has returned to Melbourne. During his recent sojourn in the country he has beep very successful, and has made a host l . The cricket match was too temptfug he couldn't resist it, hence his arrival. He does not hnw ever go home with the next Australian eleven ' —btm another theatrical manager—this time it's Tnm Buckley who is hunting about for a picked team Of course, as is usual nowadays, everything is with the greatest secrecy. T o m lias , S L f e of £ that have never seen the light in the Sunny Souttf ••The Shannon Shore," " The Men of Mayo " etc awT'n version of " Robert Emmett." Our sniritmrin?™ 1 informs us that that sterling aclw ' w heads the combination open in Warnainbool y ' ££ t T?' rrivalB a n d departures. Mies Marion Willie, "Cuff" Keogh and crowd liavo ( Gippsland. Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Paddv Mal^v l l ,° m Nick La Feuillade, the G r e g K f f i H u g ^ u S &c.;, the Hugo Minstrels from Sydney and' the Barry t THH: BKAHKN SERI'ENT.—Like the brazen sernent ti7„ great Jewish leader lifted high in the B H,t ,,f ?I U c • \ followers, whereby they were's^edfrU^eitb'the'^vte.f of American Bop Bitters have placed before s I ? mankind, a remedy u hieh eimbles tL'm to ftglit dV^e 'th conquering advantage. B uiscase -\\\itii Dramatic Company from the proving n,, sailed the ocean blue" for New Ze»iin j f Woodfield, Misses Elsa May (MrsSV-M Ida Osborne, Osmond, Lake, Green T^1 Watson, S. Forde,Potter 02),Melrose1'A i-^oo, Beaumont, Hunt, Ingmire, Neilsoif' p 'j 1 * 1^ gerald, Benham, Fransisco, Nat Ha'11,1/ Holo dale, Johnny .TnVm^vr WJlo»« Wallace, TJ" Ble-" Howard Trevorah and others v «uotl. the jaw-breaking names) of Simonsej^s nbe Pl preferred the chances of a railway smash f daugers of thedeep on their trip to Svdn.n- ,ra overland. The chorus people, however i? 13 ! 11 saucy ship's a beauty," nerved theniselvo ^ the boat as follows:—Messrs. Moss Brain, D' 1 ing. West, Graupner, Harris. Winter g i * Johnston, Grout, Stoneham, Lnptou sn ^ Brown, Raphael, H. and A. Leopold s, 5 ' 1 " 1 ' Hodgson, Flora Graupner, Clair, Mav :uA„i, ISEe Fernandez, Watson, Walker, Cousidine M Silvester, Trevorah and others. The Vv^l ™ bourne on Tuesday for Warnambool eills 1 —" It's 'ot," said he, accosting Alf Lawtm, , replied the latter, as he flung his eaele PI Royal Mail corner, and whistled for the daw ar replied the aecoster, "that a fellow wanii r " smiled a radiant smole as he retorted " 1 f,i - The first speaker figuredit out, saw tlie ioke'h to Alf, and both entered the Rile Mail and iuke 1, - ,b of—well, water. Alfsjoke is explained l™^® Hiaa although Fanning, the agent. has Bo'uRht, by IrcsLfi tl tbe; pastures new, Fauning, the cornermai'i 'ii.n'cf 1- ' 6 by Crimson-Circle- Lawton. ' B btc « —James MacMahon and George Leitcli ii from their Fijian tour. They tliink Maori? with the Fijians, who have entertainednf* These enterprising gentlemen will soon 1, • again. Mr. Leiteh denies that he has anv t" interest in any theatrical company or «om those personally conducted by bis "panne He has read with amazement that niiiip « bis partner have had severs,] companies »)»,•; 11 colonies. There could not have been murf that sort of business. b tulSi —Lawton's ferocious bull purp is about 1 Yes, he has it all his own way notv ior en stolen that beautiful Willoughby pug' j;,,,? George Rignold used to take about evevvvw' Sbe will nearly break her heart over it SI,"7 will quite, for thatdoghad more intelli^ner'tL ordinary dogs, and the affection his misuWS was fully returned. His great brown eves usV^ her with perfect adoration and his black ni l with pleasure when she was talking to bin played in " Confusion" ever since he was a lit?t now that he has vanished the confusion is. ever. fc —Once again, we do not give private'address Miss Lilly Ford's latest eugagemtut-a one—married to a Sydney publican \- Melbourne paper thus (the italics our om and Mrs. E.Holloway and Miss Essie JenvnsZpaying another visit to England about tbe 1 year." Yes, we wonder what Miss Kate Arflu W. J. Holloway will say about the matter Furtu same journal says something or the other Eleanor Carrey" deserting thc-m. (liah'Z composite, this trip.) —It has been announced at Home that, airs of the Crawford-Dilke case notoriety, istoBIJOIISE on the boards of a London theatre in comedy —On the eve of their departure from Mel'bo of our most popular operatic artists came tot words over Australia. One of them referred to and Co., that is Melbourueites in general in 1 more forcible than polite. He was a baritone had ballast on board in the shape of au or ginger ale) more properlyspeaking wheelbamr he was gently reminded that he left Merrie E come to Australia and earn his living. Shortly startling announcement he subsided. Our old popular W. H. Woodfield being close at hand t cudgels on behalf of Australians and very m~ upon the worthy refered to. —Speaking of Dan Ba.rry an un-couutry paper out in this fashion :—" He is splendid at'a fain gave out the other evening at Narracoorte' 'Snared, or Alone in London,' was produced in Bishop Moorhouse went to see the play, aud.p it the greatest moral lesson ever given outbe Lordship admonished his flock, young, old, ' blind, lame, deaf and dumb, to see it,' and 0 likewise. Dan Barry held the sole rights of'" and he had resisted the most tempting 1 Triumvirate to obtain the copyright. Hut obdurate. He wanted the piece for Karrac" Narracoorte must have it. And how was be Read what the local paper says —' Tlie perfo "Snared" last night may be pronounced a briltal and perhaps the best of the very many excellent tions the company has given us. The troupe all the most valued members of the company constituted when last here, the management •carefully winnowed the wheat from the husks.Tin with the leading members of the original already mentioned and several valuable from England and America, now foniiEoae strongest, combinations in Australia, aud one to than any that has been playing in Adelaidefor Enthusiastic cheers of welcome greeted tbei the company already known here as tbeys... the stage, whilst the new artists soou made tl) firm favourites. The company is an exceedin tile one, comprising not only the usual differ belonging to the dramatic business, but b comedians, dancers and vocalists, so that they an entertainment of an exceptionally brilliantcharacter. The company not on]y play tbe ; xpi but mount them with such elaborate and c' tacular effects, for certainly such dresses, EC appointments as presented to view last night tor before been seen upon our local stafic. To bring troop through the provinces, so numericallys" all artists of status in their profession, calls amount of speculative courage, which amount* to daring; but the management of this coiapm no such word as " fail" a place in its lexicon, conseauence is that brilliant success seeinscy to await the company.' This sounds pretty jam. mark what follows:—' It is indeed refreshing" the visit of a really first-class company to tlie after the many troups of small and indifferent nomadic wanderers and self-styled " dramatic that sometimes visit us. Certainly the Daii pany always give us what tlieypromise in I to' advertisements, and that is saying a lot, w nnouncements do not hide the "light of the under a bushel.'" Hide his light under a bus an! Next! l —Mr. George Darrell is still at a private i Darlinghurst suffering from typhoid fever., rnents have been made for a Darrell season » at Easter, and we sincerely hope that tlie g named will be well enough to fulfil his engage —A telegram has been received by K.r- Henry Irving, stating that he would contin®'. subscription to the fund being raised for tue child of the late William Hoskins. (Vl. —The Sydney charities have benefitted to tm £416 5s., Pain, the fireworker, donating W Who say6 the firework business doesn't t® tells a cracker. -Bland Holt is on his way out. Hew;ll» Melbourne Royal in " A Run of Lucli." TWPsuccessful production has been kindly if from Loudon, and has already appeared —Grattan Riggs and his couipaJO' Faster Holidays (?) in Sydney, where tievFh at the Opera House. Mr. Chas. JiacMaM" will be at the head of affairs. ., ,,,.rt —Walter Kean, who visited Ballarat with t«, has been left behind in the local hospital eerw —From authentic returns which have with regard to the attendance during tbc the Italian Opera Company at the Alex^ (excluding those on the night of the biedei^ and that of Mr. Martin Simonsen's benefit, w aggregate reached nearly 6000, it appemi ^,. of 87,000 tickets for admission were paid for season. Out of this total the admission » ^ amounted to 25,734. —The Faust Family, 011 finishing tb^ season, will start out on tour. They go i"^;- of Sydney; and Chas. Hugo intends hurst St. James' Hall. —Mr. Wybert Reeve and Dramatic Hobart season of twelve nights. x - nnCt —The skating craze has arrived at i'&Tfi; American skater has leased the pavilion J ra Zii us that Shakespeare doesn't pay, still the —They yen have Been fit to completely do away poyal manageiacut witti the P 1 , t a jmow, you know," have circulated —The peo^e ^ ^ tbat Brougb aud Boucicault's BurlSaue Company play Sydney at Easter. They,do vol' quite gay during the ensuing Easter n Faster Monday there will be a grand fireworks Week. ou ^ c evening the Dan Barry Dramatic Comdisplay. tJle Exhibition Theatre, and a circus troupe pa ! mnences operations the same night. vii-<>\voi'k displays, it seems, are not to be confined i' tn Svdney Melbourne and other large towns, for a solely toi s|j ebJj iBts jiave arranged for a fireworks tour firm 01 1'rV" proviucial towns. They open in Benalla on throug i, i ^ aud afte rwards show in Wangaratta on oqtl) and 30th, these dates being race nights in the t0 W j S ver" 1 miscellaneous entertainment was given at « 1 miuceston Gaiety Theatre on Monday last. The fnrr ianco was under the patronage, and in the perioiJ* JJ Buffaloes, of Launceston, and was }' r t e 0 B uipd as a benefit compliment to Mr. E. D. Davies, 1, ' vpntriloquist, who is so well and favourably known \- Melbourne. During the evening Messrs. Macfarlane, v iic J H. Good and A. J. Scott appeared. Messrs. iv-nnii'cliby and Macfarlane caused amusement with oir nieeer comicalities, and James Ah Catt fairly i vnneht down the house by a gallant attempt to render Publish song. In the first portion of the entainment « TPIMV" Davies personified a number of characters in nnvprsation at an Irish christening party. At the close f the second part the same artist gave one of hiB highly eatainiug ventriloquial seances. oi uce the departure of Darton, the Imps, appear to have Gradually fallen away till little or nothing of them 0n pi mined. Sunday, however, an effort was made to "run the show" again. A good number of pros, attended, and iu all probability we will see the lodge in full swing 8 l 'f-Tbe Dan Barry Dramatic Company open in Sandhurst next Monday night, Messrs. Barry and Herbert having leased the Princess' Theatre for a week, commencing the 14th inst. One of the strongest companies, numerically and artistically, that ever visited the "Golden City" has been organised. The following are the names:—Messrs. Dan Barry, Geo. Herbert, M. F. Kemp F- Cambourne, Collett Dobson, Geo. Bryant, Chas Move, G. Douglas, J. Greville, Geo. Musgrave, W. Ainsley H. Leroy, J. Lamont, and the Misses Eloise Juno Dora Mostyne, Sophie Harris, Alyce Rossaire, Ethel Benard, Maude Lonsdale, Gladys Duness and Cora De Vere. The opening piece will be " Snared," which is said to be full of novel and exciting situations, one of the attractions in it being a grand fireworks display. -General rejoicing, the Ghost will walk. In other words, Darcy Reid's Ghost is to pay us a visit shortly. St. George's Hall is the scene of operations. —Dan Tracey (who came out here with Billy Emerson) benefited at Port Adelaide, 4th March. Programme consisted of minstrel entertainment, dancing contest and boxiug tournament. —Charley Taylor's "Called Back" Dramatic Co, telegraphs us from Parks. The company is a strong one and should scoop in the dollars. —The Cogill Christy Combination left on Tuesday last for Warrnambool; opening date, 9th inst. The principal members of the company are Misses Johns, Alice Davenport, Fanny Sarony, etc., and Messrs. Charles and Harry Cogill, George Jones, Sullivan, several members of the Federal Minstrels, and two gentlemen for some time connected with Moore and Burgess' Co. Portland, Hamilton and Ararat to follow Warrnambool, aud Hey! for Sydney. —A well-known wig maker and an operatic artist fought a duel the other evening close to the Alexandra Theatre. The weapons were words, and the cause of the trouble, a wig. —Miss Alice Harrison is to shake the American dust off her feet and visit Australia. —Pain, the pyrotechnist, is eclipsing all previous displays of fireworks in the Domain, Sydney. The more prominent of the devices are the departure of the New South Wales Contingent for the Soudan; and the great race between Beach and Hanlan for the rowing championship of the world. Does Pain make the Canadian outpace Beach ? What d'ye take him for ? —The Sao Minstrels very kindly gave a benefit in the New Oddfellows' Hall, Sydney, to their brother, J. H. Jenkins, who recently met with a sad accident which disabled him for life. This is n ot our Melbourne Jenkins of organ fame, mark ye. —Carrie Swain and " The Tomboy " made way for "II Trovatore," splendidly produced by Simonsen's Italian company at the Sydney Royal. —Here's news for Cellier. The hundredth performance of "Dorothy" has taken place at home. —Miss Tilly Earle, ill for some time past, is up and about again. By-the-way, this lady played in the first production of the " Tempest" in Melbourne, 6th July, Joo7.—Song and dance men Addison and Holly are on the watch endeavouring to kidnap a-theatrical manager.— ooplne Harris has been engaged for a provincial inp. -1 erry, the one-time clown of Chiarini's circus, is rusticating in Fairyland—i.e., Collingwood.— fireworks and theatricals, eh! Why, Barry and Herbert nave actually engaged a fireworker for their show.—Some 01 our pros, cannot complain on the score of not having a long run. On Poverty Point a number congregate gaily. They r e doing nothing-they've been doing it since we hnu "oyS'-f "moured that the Cottiers are about to lay 'J^SN^etTheatre. Clark and Lawton hope it's w«fJ; dot J 1 % ? Not much.—Last issue we stated tbat 2 £ ud k^g probably would not start with the S i P 0mblt r atlon Tlu - > y won't—Miss Alice Wool- Fn,infJ°f 6 '~i oues^as left the Silk Stockings.—Jack bas done dltto ditto ah nf with the Crimson Circle, V the V , ee P. B The \ 8 a P is filled by Cunard taking lmneS hn vn i /i "bbons.-During the week the daily ffirH e J eh u^ads V for dramatic, variety, and burnt us touvtt^ e of a dramatic agentif this is no )Sii»?7, < ? 0 busmess ?—Charlie MacMahonwill have holds n fivn i 0 S e 'A*} hve Bhows Soing at Easter. He land tvin Land ' OBborue, agent, back from the Gipps- Gbmi.• e A d not walk this time. But thereth a t" d n L Uot . Ballarat. He'd padded the hoof from twice.—George Williamson, described as Wwf hU™ f 01 'mer, has started out to strike America, he Oue^S 0 the " Blue Stockings?" Perhaps Warner 1hp Cl n B l 10v^e Bettied business. - Billy Production d PM andy 1, ( 1 opper of Martin's Kelly Gang America dX»« « areS - g0ing OVer t0 America - What'l a in B0Mkest lfiPTth n o X h0W Lady lost ?T ^alf-a-sovereign oue of our w,S tbe ot 1 her n \S ht ; next mornat daybrelk search ™° s , t P°Pular mmstrel comedians formed a one and GourLwL Parted on the hunt.-Johnny h e r e wil1 be W n m l ^ r i under the Mac- 1 C t a f f i f " Won, turning that dawg to and rfeeed n n vi ^ perambulating the streets spangled ardleBS of "Blow'for £?„5" expense.-Amateurs staging wowd W whl.L"? Wopriate title anyhow. - Hugo » tbe neai f u " 11^' -^" 1 another theatrical manager ^tees^B that »Tp1 wf fi tar will be one of the most popular spec, we wil 1 6 , has seen - With regard to this occasion _ si„ ave something more to say on a future Cogin Coinviar?,, giving away the movements of the for ua °i U i lasfc issue around ijJ 11 °, , r ^sue, ' Harry r y ^ is hunting jeoitation blunderbuss.-Johnny Sheridan's M e lbourni'te ila ® Water-mill," has been set to music by a B a w you in front^r 8, -i 111 ® would rather not have said:-~"I of the au^en^ ' a music-hall singer, addressing one f^eettoseefl^'o^.. 0 3 ast come out into Bourkelittle bit a P d ?ame round directly I'd done my fought vou ^lrteen minutes." "Great Caesar! W a mfl 81 ?, 61 "® more than half-an-hour."- f airtobmi^from sa y Woolloomooloo, it's a Cecil Forrest^. ^ B ? arrival from America, is r fester's e tumed from New South Wales, S 06 * enjoyable «vl Show cau S bt them b y the wool.-A at the Dukp nf^v s ent on P Wednesday, 3rd ° f neud B of LoRtifn W|"mgton Hotel, when a number T be prinnfl, J n ° ld8 were entertained at a dance, & t e d fi£^tnre of the evenin g was a nicely of including , vocal and instrumental music, haH 1 ' °f Alf .Bongs and dances by a ^f-pastteno"lo^on^ Crimson Circle Co. About tw fl'i5 ter which thfl a fadjourment was made for supper, » o'clock were resumed till nearly « herself i n C0^B ^aughton is giving a capital account Av< Kil Uett t ?. h e People's Concerts.- y C. that^ to say, drives W EM hiL ked ° l i tl ? talts.—Another Theatre added f n e w I *o the list of "stock" tS ftsrcce^^^eum Theatre, which holds about in suclh^ a ^ " ^ g ladies to remove lo&^ttt othfv tS o r m 2? c e has met with such 01 1 atreB owed its example through the States have 