T>nq«wrtttiuil âtf Bishop PovlC. Os Sunday lust the Very Kev. Dr. Doyle, formerly ' of Lismore,' but who has been ap(X>inced to the office of Bishop of the -newly established see at Grafton, received the rite of consecration at St. Mary's, Sydney. There was a large gathering assembled. The long und elaljorate rite of consecration, accord- ing to the Roman Ritual, began at 10 o'clock, with a procession from the sacristy to the sanctuary, eight Roman Catholic prelates, exclusive of the bishops-elect, and some 30 clergymen, including representatives of all th« religious orders in Australia, walking in the picturesque pageant. The masters of ceremonies (the Veiy Rev. Dr. O'Haiau and the Rev. P. V. Dwyer) having conducted the dignitaries and priest« to their places accord- ing to rank, the Cardinal Archbishop occupy- ing the archiepiscopal throne, the vesting prior to the consecration took piuco. The Papal bull authorising the consecra- tion having been read by the Very Rev. M. O'Calliighun, the customary examination of the bishops-elect was proceeded with. The Cardinal, as consecrator, asked a number of questions which were satisfactorily an- swered. I ' An interrogation on points of faith nnd 1 morality followed, to each of the questions , and bishops-elect answering " I believe." The consecration was immediately preceded by the singing of the .* Litany of the Saints," »nd the hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus " (Come Holy Ghost, Creator Come). Anoint- ing the head of the bishop-elect, the words used wire-" Be thy head anointed and con- secrated, in the order of High Priest, by heavenly benediction. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" and anointing the hands-'' Be these bands anointed with sacred oil, and the chrism of sanctification, as Samuel anointed David, to be King and Prophet, so be they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God the Father, and of the Son, and of the. Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from' death, and obtained for. us the kingdom- of heaven." The blessing and presentation in turn of the' episcopal ring, the pastoral staff, and the mitre were performed with muoh solemnity ; and, when arrayed in their full pontificals, the newly-consecrated prelates were con- ducted through the Cathedral,, giving their blessings right and left to the people, the scene was a very impressive one. Return- ing to the sanctuary, the Te Den m having been sung, the new. prelates gave the " kiss of peace,", and the ceremonies ended with the .episcopal benediction, pronounced by each of the new bishops from the steps of the high altar. !. The Rev. John Ryan, S.J., President of I St. ^ Pkttribk's ' "College,' Melbourne, then preached the consecration sermon as follows : "Take.heed to yourselves and to the' whole flock, wherein'the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule tho Church -of ; God" ' (Acts, 20th chapter, 28th verse). Í The handsome insignia worn by the Right I Rev. Dr. Doyle, was presented by the Roman Catholic people with whom he nsd been intimately associated before being raised 1 to the episcopacy, the gift consisting of a' i Pastoral stuff, a god (teetotal cross and chain, and a jewelled episcopal ring.-Abridged j from the 1 S. M. Herald.' 