Til SfOEYfSLLIR. Miser Parebrother. By B. L. FARJEON. Author of 'In a Silver Sea,' 'Grif,' 'Great Porter square,' &c.; Chapteu XVII. — FANNT CONFIDES A SECRET TO HER MOTHER. The visit of the Lethbridges to Parksides was an event of great importance. Neither Uncle Leth, Fanny, nor Bob had ever been there, and it was fire or six years since Aunt Leth had set foot in it. Of all the family she was the only one who would have been able to recognise Miser Fare brother, and to say, 'That is Phoebe's father.' Nearly twenty years had elapsed since Uncle Leth had seen the miser, and he was rather doubtful as to how he would be received, their last meeting not having been a pleasant one. Fanny was very curious and verv nervous: Phoebe's father was a solemn, mysterious personage, a being apart, whose acquaintance sho was now for the first time to make. What kind of looking gentleman was he ? Their albums contained the portraits of all their friends and relations, near and distant, some from infancy upwards; but the portrait of Miser Farebrother found no place therein. It is doubtful, indeed, whether he had ever had his portrait taken ; certainly there was none extant. Even Phoebe did not possess one. It bad been a tacit agreement among the Lethbridges not to refer in general conversation to Phoebe's father, and to Bob and Fanny he was an utter stranger in fact and sentiment. But now that they were to bo brought into contact with him, he became an object of immediate interest to them. ' What shall we call him ?' said Fanny to Bob. ' Of course, he is our uncle, and we ought to call him Uncle Farebrother.' Bob professed not to care— in which he was not in genuous. ' All that I've heard about him,' he said, ' is that he is known asMiser Farebrother.' 'It won't do to call him that,' said Fanny: 'he would be offended, and might fly out at us. Ought I to kiss him F' 'Wait till you're asked,' replied Bob. 'He must be immensely rich.' 'More shame for him,' said Fanny, iudignantly, 'to keep Phoebe as short as ho does. What does he do with all his money ?' ' Wraps it up in old stockings, buries it, hides it in the chimneys, carries it in bags round his waist, stuffs his mattress with it. There was a miser found dead in a garret in Lambeth the other day, and though there wasn't a crust of bread in the room, they found four thousand pounds hidden away in teapots, mousetraps, nightcaps, old boots, and all sorts .of rutu places. He used to go about begging, and would snatch a bone from a dog.' 'Miserable) wretch!' cried Fanny. 'I hope Uncle Farebrother isn't like that.' ' Not exactly, I should say; but quite bad enough. He hasn't treated us very handsomely.' ' Well, never mind,' said Fanny. ' We don't go to see him ; we are going for Phoebe's sake.' Their anticipations of their uncle were not very glowing: but as they had been warned by their mother, what passed between them respecting him was regarded as confidential. To Phoebe they said not a word. On the Saturday morning Mr. Lethbridge, on his wav to the bank, had a little day-dream. He and his wife 'and children had arrived at the railway station which led to Parksides, and had beguiled the journey by discussing how they should get to Miser Farebrother' s house. Should they ride? Should they -walk? Would Phoebe meet them ? The question was settled for them immediately they alighted from the train. There was Phoebe, all smiles, and dressed most beautifully, even elegantly. And who should be by her side but her father, all smiles also, and elegantly dressed. He came forward in the pleasantest manner, and shook hands wiih everyone of them, and Phoebe whispered to Uncle Leth, ' It is all nonsense about father being a miner. It was only fun on his part. He has been saving up for me, and you, and Aunt Leth, and all of us. Tou have uo idea how good and kind he is.' There was actually a carriage waiting for them, and they all got into it, and rode in jubilant spirits to Parksides— a mansion fit for a nobleman. Gables, turrets, wullioned windows, walls covered with old ivy, grounds »-nd gardens most tastefully laid out— everything perfect. Footinen about, and pretty maids neatly dressed, music playing somewhere. There was a sumptuous dinner provided for them : wonderful dishes, the best of wine. The day dreamer made a speech, in which he dilated upon the happiness which Miser Farebrother had shed upon them, and how it was all the greater because of the delightful surprise which Phoobe's father had been for so many years preparing for them. Mr. Lethbridgc's mental speeches were always marvels of oratory — not a word out ot place, the turns most felicitous— and this speech at Miser Fare brother's dinner-table was even happier than usual. Then Miser Farebrother- responded, and came out in a light so unexpected and agreeable that the place rang with cheers, and the music struck up 'For he's a jolly good fellow,' in which they all joined at the top of their voices. When the feast was ended Miser Farebrother asked him to step into his private roeni, and there, over a bottle of rare old port, he produced his will, which he read to the dreamer, and in which every member of the dreamer's family was handsomely provided for. He would not listen to the dreamer's expression of gratitude. 'Not a word, not a word,' h-s said. ' It has been a whim of mine to allow you to suppose I was mean and miserly and cruel, when all the time 1 have been overflowing with the milk of human kindness. Now we are all going to live happily together.' Then they joined the young people in the grounds, where there was a marquee erected for the guests to dance in. There was quite a gathering; numbers of ladies and gentlemen had been invited, and among them Fred Corn wall, who had returned from his holiday trip. The young lawyer was dancing now with Fanny, and Miser Fare brother said, ' I wouldn't wonder if that was to be a match. When it is arranged, look out for a splendid wedding present from me;' and Fanny coming up, the Miser pinched her cheek, and said something which made her blush. It was altogether a most exhilarating entertainment, and the union of the relations most har monious. Of course, it was a lovely night, and as the dreamer arrived at the bank he said to himself, ' I have passed the pleasanteat day in my remembrance.' While he was at his desk a conversation took place at home between Fanny and her mother respecting Fred Cornwall. He had called upon tho Lethbndges on the previous evening, and, although he was full of agreeable cnat, lie seemed disappointed at not finding Jf noebe at her aunt's house. As he had said in his last letter to Fanny, he had brought presents home for all of them, and when Fanny twitted him privately with having nothing for Phoebe, he answered— 'Oh, yes, I have; but I must give them fo her personally.' ' To- morrow will be a capital time to give her a present,'' said Fanny. 'Is she coming here to morrow P' asked Fred eagerly. ' No,' replied Fanny, ' we are all going to her at Park sides. It is her birthday.' ' She did not leave me an invitation, I suppose ?' said Fred. 'No,' said Fanny; ' but if I were a young gentleman I shouldn't wait for one.' 'Wouldn't you?' ' No. I should make my way to Parksides, and take my presents with me, and give her a delightful sur prise.' ' Do yon really think I might venture?' ' I shouldn't think twice about it,' said Fanny viva ciously. ' But yon mustn't come with us, because, of course, W6 don't know anything about it. We shall be quite astonished when you make your appearance with a flourish of trumpets.' There and then the affectionate censpiiBcy was discussed and planned, and Fred said that Fanny was the dearest girl living, which Fanny disputed, asking how could ehe be when Phoebe stopped tho way. It was about noon on the Saturday that Fanny said to her mother — ' I am going to let you into a secret.' Aunt Leth's thoughts immediately travelled to Fred Cornwall. She had observed the whispered conference which* had taken place on the previous night between tho young man and her daughter, with their heads veiy close together, and she formed her own conclusions ; and \novr the secret was about to be revealed. Fred had been making serious love te Fanny; there could not be a doubt that this was Fanny's secret. ' Tes, my dear,' said Mrs. Lethbridge, tenderly. ' It is about Mr. Cornwall,' said Fanny. 'Tes, Fanny.' Despite her joy, a pang went right through her heart ; it is always so with affectionate parents when the bolt really falls, and the contemplation of a beloved daughter leaving the happy home becomes a certainty. ' And Phoebe,' said Fanny. Mrs. Lethbridge's face underwent a change. In matters of the heart a woman's instincts are lightning-tipped. ' I have an idea,' said Fanny, ' that they are foad of each other.' Mrs. Lethbridge looked apprehensively at her daughter, but she saw in Fanny's face no despondency, no disappoint ment. On the contrary, it was radiant. The fond mother smiled. ' Only an idea, Fanny?' she asked. ' Only an idea, mother,' said Fanny. ' There has been nothing really serious said, but I am certain I am not mis taken. Now, confess, mother; you thought I was the magnet'r' ' Well, my dear, I did have a suspicion, and it has been proved to be wrong.' ' Tou aro not sorry, mother ?' 'No, my dear, so long ag you are happy. That is iny only care.' ' I am perfectly happy, and I mean to die an old maid. Dear Phoebe ! I do hope everything will turn out right.' ' 'We all hope so, Fanny. I suppose I must not say anything to her ?' 'Not for worlds, mother. Ton must wait till the speaks to you.' ' T nm nn£ fin «inw Pflimv. Sha his nn tnnflinr tn rnn fide in and to whom she can unreservedly open her heart. I must think over it, for her sake.' ' If you thought Mr. Cornwall was good enough for me,' said Fanny, 'he is good enough for Phoebe.'~ ' My dear, the cases are different.' 'How different?' . ' Mr. Cornwall knows our position. If it had been you instead of Phoebe, he would not have expected money with you. When people have arrived at the time of life which your father and I have reached, and have children whom they love as we love ours, they cannot help feeling a little disturbed at their want of fortune. Toung men nowa days look out for money ; it is not as it used to be.' ' It is with me, mother. I am an old-fashioned girl, and if a young man casts sheens' eyes at me it will be a satisfaction to know that it isn't my dowry that attracts him. And for my part, mother, I mean to marry for love— if I ever do marry.' ' I am glad to hear you say go, my dear ; thev arc the happiest marriages. Our life has been a happy one; never for one moment have I regretted marrying your father.' 'I should think not, mother. Who is there in the world to compare with him?' 'There is not one, my dear. It would be difficult indeed to meet with a man so good, so unselfish, so devoted. But we were speaking of Phoebe. The cases are different, I said. Mr. Cornwall would have had no difficuly in obtaining our consent, had it been you instead of Phoebe. Have you forgotten that Phoebe has a father?' ; ' I did not think of him,' said Fanny, a little depressed by the allusion. 'But what objection could he have to Mr. Cornwall?' 'That is not for us to say. Phcebe's father is a peculiar man, and ho may have views for Phoebe of which we are ignorant. Mr. Cornwall's suit will rest with him, not with us.' ' Mr. Cornwall is a gentleman.' 'Undoubtedly: and, eo fur as I can judge, calcu lated to make a girl happy. Bui that is not the question.' 'What is the question, mother?' 'Money. Fanny, what I am about to eay must not pa;s out of this room.' ' Very well, mother.' ' Phoebe's father may say to Mr. Cornwall, « Tou ask tor jny daughter's hand. How much money have you 'What- a coarse way of putting it!' exclaimed Fanny, disdainfully. 'I am aware of it, but for Phoebe's sake 1 am trying to think it out in the way it will happen. I have never inquired into Mr. Cornwall's circumstances; but they are not very flourishing at present, are thev f' ' I don't think they are?' ' I know they are not. He and your father have had conversations which leads me to the belief that he earns just a sufficient income to keep himself comfort ably.' ' He is very clever in his profession ; and there is the future.' ' That is one of the things I am thinking of,' said Mrs. Lethbridge, gravely: 'the future. 'How much money have you got?' Phoebe's father will ask him; and when the young man answers honestly — as Mr. Cornwall is sure to do — Phoebe's father will say, ? As you have no money of your own, you come after my daughter's.' I am very much afraid of it, Fanny. 1 pray tliat there is no trouble in store for her.' ' Mother, you frighten me.' Fanny experienced at that moment a feeling of terror at the conspiracy into which she and Fred Cornwall had entered, which was to result in Fred's unexpected appearance at Parksides with birthday presents for Phoebe. She did not dare to refer to it, so she kept the secret locked in her breast. . ' I do not wi6h to frighten jou, my dear,' said Mrs. Lethbridge, ' and perhaps, after all, 1 am only raising bugbears. Let us hope for the best.' ' We will,' said Fanny, brightening up instantly ; sho wan lilrn an Anrii Aarr * tTio loacf n-limvicA Af min.l1,vA brought gladness to her. 'And now, mother, juEt one word.' 'Well, my dear?' ' If Mr. Cornwall proposes to Phoebe— which he will— and if she accepts him— which she will— and if he speaks to Phoebe's lather, and Phoebe's father will not hear of it, what is to be done ?' ' My dear child, you are patting a riddle to me.' 'What I want to know is,' said Fanny, very deter minedly, ' whether, if Phoebe's father refuses his consent. Phosbe ought to marry without it ?' She felt that she had achieved a triumph in putting it so clearly. ?lutuu jruu uituaji wiuiuub uurer asKeu b&xb.; jjetu bridge. ' Mother, be logical, as Fred Cornwall says. Did you not say yourself that the cases are different ?' ' Tes, I did,' replied the perplexed mother. 'Well, there it is then,' said Fanny; and, as her mother did not speak, she relentlessly opened another broadside : ' If an honourable gentleman really and trulv loves a young lady, and if a young lady really and truly loves him in return, and if they are worthy of each other, and if there is a fair prospect of his getting along in the world in an honourable profession, and of their being truly happy together, ought they pot to marry in spite of a miserly hunks of a father ?' 'My dear,' said Mrs. Lethbridge, 'let us drop the subject, and hope for the best.' 'Thank you, mother. Wo know that Phosbe is not happy at home.' ' It is so, unfortunately.' 'And we know that our home is hers if she should ever be without one.' 'Tes,my«toar.' 'Then, my own dearest mothw,' esid Fanny, putting ber arms lound the good mother'6 neck, and shower ing kiBses upon her, 'there is nothing move to be eaid.' Chapter XVIII.— MRS. PAMFLETT DEVELOPS A SUDDEN AFFECTION FOR PIKEBE. Uncle Leth's daydream was noi realised— but then his daydreams never were. When he and hi.s family, travelling third class, reached the station for Parksides, there was no Miser Farebrother to receive them with open arms and a carriage. Phoebe was there, and that was quite as good — almost more than they expected. She wa6 a favourite with the fitationniask-r and ticket-takers, who always admitted her to the platform, whether the gates were closed or not ; and the Lethbridffes, looking out of the window, saw her ?waving her handkerchief to ihem, and running along the yiktfonn, the moment they were in sight. Then there was such a kissing and hugging as made the hearts of the uneuvious ones glad to witness and the mouths of the envious ones to water, wishing they had a free ticket to participate in an entertainment so delightful. ' It is good of you to come and meet us,' said Fanny. ' I was wondering all the way whether you would.' ' I did not know whether f 6hould be able,' said Phoebe, in a flutter of excitement ; ' but Mrs. Pamflett has been very kind. I hardly liked to ask her to help me with the tea ; but she came and offered of her own accord, and said perhaps I would like to go and meet my friends. Ss here 1 am.' Mr. Lethbridge opened his ears upon mention of Mrs. Pamflelt, and lie was glad to hear so good an account of her. An act of thoughtf ulnes.s and good nature from her was a guarantee for her son, who had discounted his acceptance for three hundred pounds for the dramatic author and Kiss. They had all brought modest birthday presents for Phoebe, which they handed to her at once, with flowers and kisses and the best of affectionate wishes. Bob was in the seventh heaven in consequence of beiner allowed a share in the kissing business. ' I did not lius-e time to write to you last night,' whispered Fanny to Phtrbe. ' He has come home, and had tea with us. He is looking so well ; brown, and handsomer than ever. What a perfectly lovely day !' They walked to ParkMdes, expressing pleasure at cvery Fanny confides a secret to her Mother.— Chapter XVII.— Miser Farebkotheb. thing— at the weather, at the scenery, at the pretty village, at the children, at the cottages, at the church— all hi which, i it seemed to the little party, had put on a holiday garb in honour of Phoebe. The flowers were brighter, the sunlight - clearer, the birds sang more sweetly, as thev walked and talked, each of the Lethbridges claiming a share in Phoebe's society, and each obtaining it. Now with Bob, now with Fanny, now with. Aunt Leth, now with Uncle— she ran from one to another, chatting gaily, and bursting out into snatches of song. It was her day, her very own, a day of sunshine without and within. Mrs. Pamflett's amiability needs a word of explanation. The conversation she had had with her son Jeremiah had '. opened her eyes as to hie intentions ; and both to please him and to win Phoebe's favour, she had offered to assist the young girl. But for Jeremiah's sake, she would not have dreamt of such a thing. She had lain awake half the night thinking of the conversation, and she had come to the con clusion that it would be a fine match for Jeremiah. Much es she had disliked Phoebe, she admired her son for his ambition. Miser Farebrother's ' aching of bones' wjs growing woree every week, every day ; suffering as he did, it would soon be impossible for him* to give any personal attention to his business in London. No one understood it, no one could attend to it but Jeremiah. What, then, was more feasible than Jeremiah's scheme of becoming Miser Farebrother's son-in-law P ' To think,' she mu6ed in the night, ' that it never entered my mind! But Jeremiah's got a head on him. He will be a millionaire, and I shall be a lady !' The idea of a repulse— that Phojbe would not think Jeremiah good enough for her— never occurred to Mrs. Pamflett; if it had, she would have rejected it with scorn. -Vhat! her son, her bright boy— handsome, shrewd, ard elever— not good enough for this best lady in the land ! A little chit like Phoebe might consider herself lucky that such a man as Jeremiah should condescend to her. V I can't, for the life of me, see,' she mused, ' why Jeremiah should be so taken with her; but there's no accounting for a man's fancies. And then, he said, he wasn't particular. Ah '. Jeremiah knows what he's about.' All her hopes, all her desires, all her ambitions, being centered in her bright boy, she determined to assist him by every means in tier power. She commenced the next morning, on tins happy birthday; and, to Phosbe's surprise, wished her a happy birthday and many returns of them, and offered to relieve the young girl of all respon sibility in the preparing of the tea for her friends. Phoebe met her advances gladly. On such a day, no suspicion of sinister motives could occur to a nature eo sweet, so pure, so innocent ; and when Mrs. Pamflett asked her to accept a brooch, she received it with a pleasant feeling of gratitude. 'It is an old brooch,' Mrs. Pamflett said, 'a memento ; and, although it is not very valuable, it comes from my heart.' There was a certain literal truth in this, because that brooch was one which Mrs. Pamflett was in the habit of wearing ; it might not have been considered a very suitable gift for a young girl like Phoebe, as it contained a lock of Bonie dead-and-gone person's hair, arranged as a feather or a curl over a tombstone. Once upon a time, it doubtless had a meaning, and might have brought a light of joy or sorrow to special human eyes ; but, the memories which sanctified it being1 deader than the deadest ghost that superstition could conjure up, it certainly could not be considered a suitable gift for Phoebe. Its fatal meaning for her lay in the future. When Mrs. Pamflett said to Phcebe that perhaps she would like to go and meet her friends at the railway-station, she thought it likely that Jeremiah would be in the train. He had not told her by which train he was coming, and her desire was to give him an opportunity of walking home with Phoebe. She did not betray herself when she saw Phoebe return in the company of the Lethbridsres, and without Jeremiah. She possessed a gift invaluable to sly, secretive natures— the gift of absolute self-repression. Phoebe introduced Mrs. Pamflett to her friends. Aunt Leth was already acquainted with her, and was astonished at the graciousness and amiability of the housekeeper, her previous experience of her having been quite the reverse. Uncle Leth nodded, and said, ' How d'ye do ?' but Fanny was rather stiff — ' uppish,' as Mrs. Pamflett subsequently told her son. ' Tea will not be ready for half an hour or so,' said Mrs. Pamflelt, aside to Phcebe. ' I have set it up-stairs in your favourite room.' This was the room of which Phcebe was eo fond, with the strange carvings and the beautiful group of angels' heads in it, and sho murmured words of thanks to the housekeeper. ' I want you to love me,' said Mrs. Pamflett. ' If you find that my only wish is to please you, perpaps you will.' 'Indeed I will,' said Phcebe; and thought, poor child, ' Perhaps my father will love me too.' She asked tho Lethbridges to wait a moment or two, and she went to her father's room. ' Aunt and uncle are here,' she said, ' and my cousins.' 'What is that to do with me ?' he asked surlily. ' May they come up and see you, father?' ' No,' he replied ; ' I can't be bothered. They wish to see me as little as I wish to see them.' While this last question was being asked and answered Mrs. Pamflett entered the room. ' I think you should see them, sir,' she said. Phoebe looked at her gratefully. The miser leant back in bis chair, and from under his eyebrows warily fixed his gaze upon his housekeeper. 'Why?' he asked. ' As a mark of politeness,' said Mre. Pamflett. ' Mr. Lethbridge and your nephew and niece have never been here before, and they might think it rude of you.' ' Do I care if they do ?' he snarled. ' It is not that,' she answered calmly, ' but it is Miss Phoebe's birthday.' He continued to gaze at her, but his eyes became still more wary, and he appeared, to be considering what possible motive she could have in thus enlisting on Phoebe's side. ' Mrs. Pamflett is very kind,' said Phoebe, nervously, ' but if you don't wish, father' ? ' I wish to do what is right,' he said, very coolly now, as was his habit when he was opposed. ' We all know that,' said Mre. Pamflett, in a voice as composed as his own. ' You always do what is right. Mr. and Mrs. Lethbridge and their children are going to have tea with Miss Phoebe in honour of her bithday, and I have been getting it ready, and am going to wait on them. You ought to join them. I have set a chair for you at the. head of the table.' ' Oh, father, if you would !' implored Phoebe, clasping her hands. ' You wish it ?' he asked of her, but not removing his eyes from Mrs. Pamflett's face. ' Yes, father, yes ; if you would only be so good !' '? And you wish it?' he asked of Mre. Pamflelt. ' For Miss Phoebe's sake I do,' replied Mrs. Pamflett, j without so much as winking an eyelid. „? ' ? ' Not for your own r' * I ' I have told you what I think.' ? « Let it be so,' said Miser Farebrother. ' Phoebe, I will take tea with you and your friends.' . ' Oh. papa!' In her gratitude the affectionate givl— only too ready to give love for love-threw her arms round her father's neck and kissed him. » There, there !' he said, pushing her away, 'go down to vour friends. You can stop, Mrs. Pamflett. ' Phcebe ran down-stairs to convey the good news to the Lethbridges, and Mrs. Pamflett and the miser were left l°^Now, Mrs. Pamflett,' he said abruptly, ' what is all this about?' ' I do not understand yon,' was her reply. ' You understand me thoroughly,' he said. I can t see through a millstone, but I can see through you. 'Then, why do you ask me to explain anything:' she retorted. . , . , ' You have lived here sixteen years,' he said, 'and think j you know me as well as I am sure I know you. Because I , have never interfered with you, because I have allowed you to do as you like'- ? She interrupted him here. ' Have I ever wasted a penny of your money ?' ' ' To my knowledge, no. If you had you would nave heard of it.' 'Yes; that is very certain. Every farthing spent in this house has been accounted for in the book which you look over every week. You would find it hard to get any body in my place.' '7. ,7.. ' 'tlj J-uUjU_J. ' Oh, that is it ! You threaten to leave me.' ' You are not only mistaken ; you know you are stating an untruth. Yes, an untruth.' The words denoted indignation, but it was not expressed in her voice and manner. ' Is that a proper way to speak to me ?' he cried. ' I pass no opinion,' was her unimpassioned reply. ' If you are tired of me, or if I do not please you, you can eend nie away.' ' You would go ?' ' I should be bound to go. What else could I do F If I refused you could call in the police.' ' You are bent upon exasperating me, 1 bcc. You know I could not do without you.' ' I know it.' ' And that is why you are impudently me.' 'You have never found me so,' ' Because I am bound to you hand and foot, because you know my ways, having grown into them, because I depend upon you and trust you, because I am weak and ill and dependent, you think you can twist me about as you like ? You shall find that you are mistaken.' 'Do you wish me to leave Parksides to- night? I will go and get ready.' He glared at her. 'Well, why don't you go.' ' 1 am waiting for orders. Give them, and I will obey you— as I have obeyed you in everything else.' 'You have no' more wish to leave me,' he said, laughing scornfully, ' that I have that you should. You could no more do without me than I could do without you.' ' There niay be a balance,' she said, ' and it may be to my credit. You seem to be angry because I have made an endeavour to please your daughter.' ' Have you ever endeavoured to please her before to day ?' he asked slyly. 'Have you,' she* retorted, 'ever taken the trouble to ascertain?' He paused a while before he spoke. 'Having been imprisoned up here, out of sight of things, with no eyes for anything beyond this room, you may think I haven't known what is going on in my house. You are mistaken — egregiously mistaken— as your son, Jeremiah, who, perhaps, has an idea that I do not know when I am absent what is going on in my office in London.' 'Do you wish him to leave as well as me?' said Mrs. Pamflett; the conspicuous and amazing feature of her speech was that 6he made these propositions as though they did not in the slightest degree affect her, or any person in wnom she was interested. '* With his talents for business he will not have the least difficulty in obtaining a position of trust elsewhere.' ' I have unmasked you,' said Miser Farebrother; *' you have a design. Out with it.' 'I have no design,' said Mrs. Pamflett, 'except your interests; and if it happens that your interests and ours' ? 'And ours ! ' he cried . 'And ours,' 6he repeated. 'If it happens that our interests are identical, it should rather please than anger you. You 6ay that you are bound hand and foot to me. That is a compliment, and I am obliged to you; but supposing it to be true, I-ani as much boupd/hand and foot to you, and so is my Km Jeremiah. It may bs in your power to so chain him to you that he would become an absolute slave to your interests.' ' ' Interests again !' he exclaimed impatiently. 'Always interests— nothing but interests !' 'Well,' said Airs. Pamflett, 'what do we live for? What do you live for ?' This was a home-thrust indeed, and Miser Farebrother accepted it in good part. Despite the outward asnect of this singular conversation, it was not entirely disagreeable to him. He appreciated the services of Mrs. Pamflett and her son ; he knew that he could not replace them ; he had not left it to the present hour to reckon up their monetary value. ' To come back to Phoebe,' he said, ' what is all this about? No beating about tbe bush.— plain speaking.' 11 1 love her,' said Mrs. Pamflelt. 'as a daughter.' 'And Jeremiah is }-our only son.' ' My only son. The best, the brightest, the cleverest man in England! And devoted to vou, bj-3v aud soul.' ' I am infinitely obliged to you,' said Miser Farebrotlic-r, with a malicious grin ; ' I will think about it.'' (To be con tin tied.) 