ANOTHER EMBROGLIO. Sir,— Interdiction has agrtln brokou out, this time in a fresh place, with startling virulence, in spite of all the good advice, dagd oonnsel, exhortation, medical comfort, change of air and scenery. No alternativu now remains btit to be buried alive or a. long sea voyage to srippyess and extermi nate this horrible flyclnv, Xhff ouira miiauy that intervened the period of departure and return of the Btorm-cloud during that [rapid rolling flight northward was most miraoil jously and happily disturbed by the exult 'tiub flhtfnfc of ' Gold 1' Poor Cinderella,, aroused by the joyous sound, for a time forgot her troubles'; add in fancy joined the Fair Maid of Perth in fooliVo divneo in honor of tho happy omen. All hearts were bounding by day, all eyes were brightly beaming, And through night's dusky shade of nug gets were all dreaming, But time, so Bweet, wub strong in flight. Too soon there came tho day when intordic tiou opoued his mouth, and up his sleeve did say, ' Oh yes 1 oh yes 1 1 oh yes ! ! ? Be it known unto all men, women, and child* ren (babies in arms oxooptod), that daring My will nnd pleasure dearly beloved Andtoy and Leake shall have and shall hold, as happy hunting-ground for gold, all those Yilgarn Hills and Dales extending some 30 inilcB in one direction and some 15 miles in another (about the width I will not bother), in all about 60,000 acres, as marked and set forth by My command on Our Royal Government map* the Lakes of Deborah inolusive, with the right to use patent moveable boundary-posts and pegs, And furthermore be it known thdfc Should anyone covet or look He shall be hanged by. hook or orook, In witness thereof We hereto cause Our mark manual to be plaoed.' Tell me my noble colonial chums, is there no bulm in Downing or some other street \ ia the digger's occupation gone P What says Inderdiction P Avaunt, and quit my sight, give plaoe to singed oats I Shall we go to Trafalgar-square, my pathetio souls, my W.L'a P Oolreavy's ghost complains and shakes his head whilst we deliberate in cold debate. Full many an aching head goes thump, thump, thump, and ories aloud for ' Gold,' Let's to the field 1 ' Gold and glory' shall be the ory ; mtu'ohing on to the old tune of Cheerily ply the pick and Bpado and rook the cradle fast, Lumps of gold will stir up trade and all '11 be rich at last. Faithful to the end, QUARTZ FOSSIOKER, 