FIHE=- (GOLDEIN -OPE A BO0iANCE OF THE DEEP. ' tdreamt a dream that wn aotLll a dream.' 1* B W tals aiPsr"LL " CHAOrmI XXIX -Txg Tarin. The island stood plain in the powrfat lens of the glass. The tremble of the surf at the base was visible, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of.a mirage by the sarf's snegestion of clear apace betwixt the shore and the sea. It was still blue in the blue atmosphere, with a fibrine fringing of trees in places; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-western point of the land with theeastern curve, made its resemblance to a camel standing to its belly in the water, with its head under,-as startling in its queer accu. racy s as ace in the fire or some wild likeness ina loaid. The moment Forceseue had it full, a swimming and a faintness chilled his brain; he shut his eyes, but, with lees effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure, an overwhelm log emotion of awe and dread and wonder possessed him. Tectz was the island of his vision l What azeocy but the hand of God had panted in its complete colours upon the eye of his slumbering soul that little space of land yonder 'hat bad been unknown to him as any valley, grove, or mountain top in the brightest of the planets ! It was like being brought close to the spirit of G:d to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding : to survey in its realisation the gleaming visionary object he had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderness, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high supernaturalism in it for the mind of Fortescue to support in his they state of health. But there was Agatha to think of. The motive, the issue of the voyage, becsme an absorbing thought, re moving him from the perils of the great awe which the profounder sense of this act of Divine discelosure would have begotten in him. Was she on the island? Would shbe be livingor dead! 'Dear God I' he cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind against the glass as his soul came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the l?rger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and the stnnseals taken in. A gae as searching anc intent as ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock to ringing at the sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island ; but not to their naked eyes noryet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of anyone being alive there. No smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal flattered. In the glorious morning sunshine veering northerly, each amall eminence threw its blue-black shadow south -west ; off the surface of cocoanut trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the ductuating iridescence of oil and water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting ot the ltle island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of hash, of long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral sand, wa accentuated In a manner that from the distance of the schooner gave the picture a gem-likeemersld loveliness by the heaping of the white surf along the windward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazz'e of a mass of drifted snow. Now that the island was made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one side. the vindication of the mate's. solemn state ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. ' We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of us, Bill,' Hiram said; and that one or t'other of us is out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seein' as there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to i from the other side of the airth. But consider-only consider-if we'd ha' passed it out o' sight from yon masthead We might have found it by cruisin' about-and we mightn't-and it we hadn't, yon'd ha' been thought a liar, and I'd ha' been thougbt incapableof truly navigating a crafL Tnere'd been rows art.r, and a re'lar bloomio' muddle, whilst as to Hft-? and he nodded towards Frteecte with an extravagant shrug of the shoulders. But if she feeling of relief and gratification was lively and lusting, it was soon sunordi nated for the time to an intense, perfectly natural curnosity as to whether the clerge. man'a extraordinary dream was to be com. pletely confirmed by the discoveryof thelady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage into a piece of wild, worthless, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within the scope of the eyes fixed upon it, the crew assembled in the bows, and standing-by for orders, whispered among thbemselves. Te cheer they had given was not one ahey would have repeatd o their present meod. Itwa true the island lay solid and suort-beaten--a actual fact that the most nervou-le imagi native eye could not convert into a fantasy ; but it was something that had been seen thousands of miles off in avision, and there fore to be viewed with awe and seperotitious cseeping, as old Breeches Implied, when, giving his trousers a drag op and spitting over the side, 'There's nothing in it that'. onnatural. I've seen the lisee of such iuleyands scores of times; bhut I don't mind owniu that I wouldn't take the walue of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for ens night on it. If ye was to tell me Id see a ghost I'd go; if ye was to tell me the devil was in hidini there I'd go. There'. nothming as I could feel cocksure on as 'ad stop me. But when there's no one to say what a man might see, or what might happen to him. swaller my eyaballs, Micky, if a chap's to be alled afeerd for keepin' to windward of the moonshine in sitch a quarter.' Of course, the c-soa took the tame view; and through the atmosphere of suech talk as this the ignorant, enr?estitions, but hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing After Forteecue had sstiased him self that there was nothing to be seen on shore indica tive of the presence of bhuman beings, he stood watching and waiting withsut speech; but nobody could, have glanced at him wi'houa witnessing the formidable onttics of emotions- that was being waged within him. Formidable as it was, and the more so pet, because even his own Intelligence? thinkiog amid that central calm, which lite the vorter of the csclone is to be found at tae heart of the wildest human agittionl. mighbt fearfoully fney that wheter the victrn abhold be his fear's or his hope's such was the irntensity of his mental tumult his brain at the issue would st-nd in dire pertl And indeed it would have been enonab to derange the stoutest mind to behold the island that had been as visionary as a dream at Wyloe steadfaest, green and shining upon the sea under the schooner's jibboem; the same in outlineas. tint. vegetation !-the same in the swarmingofthe giddy froth aloeng its margin ! -the same in it freineg and clustering of trees and bush !-thesame in minute detasile converaing to the inexumesaibly real and yet phantsasml aspect it bore when It dimly but dircermbly formed a back grond for thes impaasioned, desonairfol pleading igure ot Aatha. stretching out her arms t-s him, from the shelving beach beyond thesurf, across the fier lea rues of Indian water. Was she there ? Was it possible, after ninemonths,thatsbe sbould be livinr, aned thbere, amidst this tremendous eolit'de of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from lhe very beauty of the lonely islet? At which thoought regularly' recurrieg a shudder would pass through aim that wrench-d him as a conveolion, and again and aain both S'one and Hiram marked him smear with his handkerchief the sweat off his forehead, iuornont that be did so, and consseons of nothinr bet the rending tbhoght-SR?OUCD H Ff00 HI [O0E,? The schooner swept onward; the mlned wos now within a mile and a halt ; anoth*a cant of the leadwas hbad, and by the time th* lead was coiled down the roar of the suort was a distinct hollow moaning in the wind. Hiram took a fresh look at the land thenmeb the glasse and ebook his head at S-one; then sent his orfers along the deck in a voice tremulons with excitement. 'lHands by the weather topsail brace! Down equarestl I Hasn tshe tack of the mains'l up! Dlown helml And amid a hnrryinr of fibonrers and a sonl or two the 0-lten Hope was breouh to the wind, and lay hove to, rolling lihdly upon the swell, a mile from the island. ' h. Foreenose, will yon come along with me, sir. or woud yru rather remain here said Stone, softlyr. The Cnrate serted as from a trence, and stared bsa the old sailor before relyylog. It was ithen' that his reolutoin, whil?h ?n man * ht5taed hweeedlnlseasgemea w5thasesnuer, ntgtirdve n ouSur be-wad waniingin at that' moment,' camesto hli in a flash, and aeedImu t as hough some marvellos dranght had transformed nerve into steel and mind intoiron wilL ' Why, with you, Mr. Stone : ow else Are you ready ' ' ' All ready, sir' but I'd humbly reprelenl that ,f she-if the lady-or putnr:ng it in this way: Snppoe--.' the old fellow was staim mering: bat Forteectie glanced at him with a sliht frown of eurprise, and walked to the gangway. 'Jump into the boat two of you, my lads. Me, Stone, you'll take an oar,' sueng out Hiram. There seemed a sort of hanging back among the men. In truth, at any other moment there would have been enmething to laugh at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one another and yet shoving dose together and staring ens past another; Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything but mirth; Anion, the cook, sulky and yellow ; Johnny Simpson, hiding in the rear; Goldsmith, with obsti nate leathern jaws, slowly gnawing upon a junk of tobaoco ; and so on. ' Now then, into the boat two of ye, d'ye hear? bawled Hiram afresh; on which Breeches, with a sour face and muttering in his growlingeroaking voice, ' Well, here goes for one. A dog must have two tails afore he feels too proud to obey hborders,' walked to the gangway, and was followed by young Joe HalL In a few moments the boat was pullingaway towards the island. Forteecue in the stern sheets and old Stone working away as stroke, looking over his shoulder to getthe boat's head fair for the point it was necessary to round. It would be hard if no answer was ever re" turned to the prayers which men in sufferig pot up to God. It is so natural to lift up the heart and the hand to Heaven when help, forgiveness, solace, strength are needed that the instinct of intuition which prompts the gesture and the whisper is one of the profoundest assu rances we possess that the soul that rises with us isa star that 'cometh from afar, and 'from God who is our home.' The sodden strength, nerve, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated a minse of iron resolution to Fortecue's mind, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions, made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special supernaturalism of the last moments of the outward passace, must have beenan answer to hIs appeal He had prayed for strength to encounter what ever was soon to be proved to have lain hidden in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and it had been granted him, and itwas well behad it. It is a common thing to hear of expectation rising to agony; hut conceive what was felt by that marble faced man, with his lips compressed to blood. lessneas, his eyes scrutinising and burniug, his arms tightly folded upon his brest as though he would physically crash down the tormenting and sickening bounding of his heart ; conceive his feelings as be sat looking towards the island, as the dull thunder of the surf came rolling to his earsover thelong ocean swells, as no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to disturb to the sight the fribghtful and enormous lonaliness of that little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shining verdant to the suon Why, it was enough to shake him to the very centre of his being merely toknow, by seeing the island itself, how vivid, beyond all possible capacity of the mind's mechanism, unaided by direct revelation, was the vision be bad beheld in his slumber at Wyloe- He was measuring now the identical space of waters be had seen the boat that contained Agatha passing over Was she there! Amid that boiling whiteness yonder the boat had gone to pieces, and through hastsame thunderous surf she had been dragged by an heroic hand, and just beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended arms and a face full of the inexpressible anguish of a hopeless spirit, He bad seen it all. though the mere thought of the infinite leagues that separated him from the spot where this scene of flashing ocean, and poolring sun, and ver dantisland bhad risen before his sealed eyes wrenched him with the wonderfulness of it like a heart- sbhudder. Was she there! Oh I erely the mercifulOGoldwould not have led him thus far for no purpose. For sheer relief he turned his eyeballs, aching from the strain of the intensely searching gaze he fied upon the island, to the schooner-the beautful echobsner-the noble, staunch, auspiciously named Goldeq Hope; and the clear reflection of her ap. pearance came like a soothfng greetin to him as for a moment or two be marked her swaying upon the ilouting heaving of the deep, with a little windy rushing of fingerlike shadows over her white sails, and flasbhigs in the brimming blue liquid brows from the starry radiance kindled In her wet sides by the sunshine, and the beads of the crew lilipatianised by distance, looking at the receding boat over the raiL The men pulled steadily ; Stone very grave, with oecasional side squints at Forteecue. and prolonged looks over his shoulder at the island. Breeches, in the hows, with the natural sourness of his expresoron empoasised by the drawn down corners of his mouth, the curves whereof, as least on the rigos cheek, were made longer by the dark stains of tobacco juice, and young Joe Hall between, eeesa his supple trunk a devil-may-care swing as though he reckoned himself sp cially watched from the schooner and colo. mented upon Silence was maintained lo some time. At last old Stone, bringing his eyes away fr.m the land, and staring under twisted eyebrows past Fortescue at the sea, muttered with a deep sigh or two ' Heabo I heigho I bhre it was. William, that I was that dry for drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a quar. ter of a pint of water. By the way, Mr. For. tescue, did you bring e'er a drop o' brandy alone with youn 'Yes, I have a flask in my pocket,' ans. wered the slergymasr. ' Well, I meant to have reminded yet of it, sir. It mar be wanrted-t-here's no knowing'? He tried to inspect the island ' Make oue any signs of life there, Bill! See anything moving ? ' No,' rusponded Breeches hoarsely ; ' an' onlses it's them as Mr Fortescue seeks, we don't want to see nothen.' ' How long it'll be. Mr. Stone, since them Ieve come to fetch has bin cast awayr askel Hall. 'Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re. 1 sponded Stone, with something of depreca. tion la his manner, evidently considering the utrson matl apropos, and sneaking with singmlar solemnity. Then, addremssing Mr. Fxoteecoe, 'If there's any persons ashore there. sir, they'll have to be behind them bump.- It's smooth water tother side, and it's rsonable they shboud settle to leeward for the convenience of goin' a fishing, not to mention living slear of the shindy of that there sart. He,, Bill Let's es enr head nr mora. Why. this is a time of hexpectr. ron an'no mistake I Danno, after al', if it woaldn's have been a good idea to have fired a rocket or so, not having agan aboard, that the explosiono aloft might bring anybod, what's ashore down to the beach to have a look.' He combed the sweat from hbie fIac, withb oe hand, rowing with thes other, as he added, with a fresh rlnce atthe island, 'It's enoouh to make the heart bust clear of it· moorid' with anxiety to see them two bite o' hillsstock up there blottin' oun the view one wants to get, and then observing that I the clergyman was aisolutely incapable of ovnsratioon, the old fellow sank into silence I with a dim far.away upresmton in his eree I that would haeeesadr caused rou to guas he I was sthiinking of hils own shipwreck in these I The white surf boiled np the beach and< rushed back in thunder. Seeing the vust I resolendent breaking of the fine wetber I breakers upon that coral shore, you mieht weltl have snoposed that in storm the seas I musr sweep in snow oser the island Giddy prismatic spouting of throbbing water rose ountjain-like against the northernam point I whm e the arch of the land, by its pqenl?ar connioration, completed that camel aspect Chat hba been agasn and atain referred to. I Every hoe of grewth and verdure was of sin. slear tropical lunriano:; gaintng in depth and purity ou dye wibth the approachine ga , a whilst the sheen of the sunolighbt over all hung like a siliver mist that gave the sky an I uwarace of quickselver for many fathoms I shove the frinvtug of the trees and the tips of the little hills Now, pust the suerf a few -asafowl could be een waddling upon a leaming slope: less than a score were on the wins, sailing,. lile the common gall. with arched neck and on tremourlees pinions, The eoand of the breakers was like s eease. lees eannonading; the softened commingling of the dstonations of small ordnance. ' The m?ek'e eround that corner-it's smooth there. Pull, lads :'cried Stone, with sudden ecitnement. The paint, to which thes had to give a widish berth, since the surf came down to i thin, but alwa?e dangerous, opened rapidly to the stroke of the oars, and revealed tha e ward part of the island deacandina vardant and tender from the hillside to a broad strip of rreen level, whence went the se blue and qnirt. The creek lay'clear, sInetching a hubodr fathoms of radiant s-ter Intq the SThe .hadidig for it,camabroad ide to the aall,. At this inestat Foirteecrleapt to his feet with a sort of scream. 'Look!'he shrieks, pointing over the bow, and be uttered a load hysterical langh.ý ý- ,_ ' Sit down ! For ilod's sake sis down, ir 1' roared Stone, ' or yell capsize the boat!' ' B thunder, IT's A? I' cried Breeches. Stonegrasped the clergyman, and forced him to sit, and whilst he still held him, looked towards the land, wuher, to the right of thecreek, midway between its sea open ing and its land limit, stood a tall human figure.,wth his hands hanring motionless to his aide, his dark face turned towards the boat, and the whole aspect of him so rigid that he might have passed for the wooden effi?y of a hipwreecked sailor, fixed by some ironical hand upon that lonely rock, to counterfelit the human agony of the living castaway. Fortoecue sat in the stern sheets, his bands gripping the gunwale so fiercely yun saw the rveioe standing up like whipcord uoder the delicate skin, his face flushed to the brow, bis lips parted, his respiration shabort and oppressed, and with such a light in his eyes that anyone might have sworn they had caught the febrile fire from madness. The long sweep of the oars had brought the boat oear enough to the month of toe creek to enable him to distinguish the man's features, and itlwas another abhock, too full of the nsupernatural in its first impulse for joy, for him to witneos in the louely figure te very likeness of the man he had beheld in his vieion battling through the surf and bearing Agatha ashore. It is the boatswain of the Verulam,' he cried, so huskily as to barely articulate; at the same moment the boat ente.re the smooth water of the cresek, and was pre sently laid alougasde the whlte sand on the right, that went op into grass and bush. Ootionlesslr, with hanging arms and burnt hollow face, the man had been watch ing them; he now raised a strange cry of transport, which found a derisive echo in the hoarse notes of the birds overhead, and made as if he would run towards the boat ; but God best knows the emotions that would paralyas him at such a time; he took a etrideor two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst Fortescue, Stone, and Breeches juomped out of the boat, leaving Hall in charge. I 'B' the ight of us killed him ?'said Stone, in a trembling whisper, whilst Breeches cat a hurried nervous glance around. But ere they reached him he had strogcled to his legs and stood erect before them. Father of mercy ! what a figure I piteously trembling from head to foot, his lips moving but without utaeraoce, tears coursing down his cheeks. A ragged eeaman's jacket covered his naked breast, and he wore a pair of canvas trousers in shreds about the legs. This was his attire. His black hair was as longasa woman's, and lay upon his back and shoulders in a matted mas. Hie face was nearly of the compsleion of chocolate with sunburn, and his wild, shipwrecked most lamentableappearance was completed byea long black beard and monusacbes. And yet the tall figure, the fine pbhysique, the manly looks of one who had been, and might yet again be anoble specimen of an English sailor, were visiblethrongo the tremors, the tears, the rags, the haggardness of this cta-s way. Forteecae ran to him and grasped his hand. 'You were the boatswain of the Veralam r he cried, ' We have come to save you.' The man sank upon his knees, kissing the clergyman's hand. The spur of the southern most bill came down to the sea a quarter of a mile beyond; is was all green growth to there, with some cocanut trees on the head that bid theland behind. Firtescne looked that way, then at the kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and tried to speak, bat his voice failed him. On which Stone said, 'Give me the brandy, sir,' and pouring out a dram. presented it to the man. He drank it, and Stone said, 'For God's sake collect your energies. 'Tie an surprise to kill a man pretty nigh, as can't I reckon, havin' been myself cast away here, though not for nine months, as ye have. But it's all right now; get on your leg., mate, and tell us if t ere's more of re. Tell us,' he said, putting his lips to the kneeling man's ear. ' if there be more of ye.' The suspense of a lifetime may be crowded into a minute; think, then, of the agony ofit The man tried to loeak, etruggled, and weas helped on to his feet oy S'vne, who held him ; and be pressed hie bands to his temples as if hi. head would hu'et, whil.t the rapt, eager gaze fixed upon him by the two seamen was in its way almost as passionately anxuions as the eye which Forteecue regarded him with. Merciful Christ rauddenly exclaimed the man in a hollow voice. ' to think y' a should have come ! It is nine months you say T ' For the love of God. shipmate, tell as are you alone?' crier Stone, and Breeches echoed. ' Aye, for God's sake tell us !' 'No!' answered the man, frowning and grinning with the violence of his eff rt to steady his mlnd, and still trembling and weeping; 'tnere is a lady-beyond there come I he yelled; let's get her-then be oif I -then be off! hbere's only us two ! I'll carry her myself ! I bore her throunh the boiling outside to wind'ard. I saved her from a bloody villain ! Her life shall be owin' to me yet- Hoorah ' Aain bhe made s if to run, and agsin fell ; but this time in a dad swoon, and there hbe lay for all they could tell, a corpse ' Bill, keep by him. in crse he comes to !' exclaimed Stone. ' Mr Fortecue, let's find the lady, sir. No rood wsatio' a minute or time mor'n can be helped.' The grass and bush grew plentiftlly, the former of an Indian kind, so tail, harsh, and intertwined as to be stnhubborn to the thrusting of the leg. It was oppressively bor, the glare of the sun coming down past the hill bruasy in a blaze of light, on the verge of whose atmospherie circle the few clouds blowing that way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the bill in a surface of eoquosleite blue ; but thebs silence in the island was full of tse thunder of the eternal surge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward shore. Wherever the coral sand stood bare to the eye, a dazz'e came off is almost s of polished tin. Tae arrival of the bot or the movements of the men semed to have quickened or alarmed :he birds into sc'ivity, for now many sea fowl-a sort of sanets chiefly, black and grey-wheeled im. petuously overhead, flyin out to sea in sudden dartings, then returning, and raising sounds that were like a continual sswing by a number of carpentere. rver man worki'g with a tool that yielded a different note Yet throush tbhe cries and the sounds of the surf could you bher the delicate moaning or slhing' noise of the plessant trade wind blowing through the hushes. and bending the long eus, and makingt whbatever foliage the trees hung' ot to it tremble their greenish sheen againast the smsae heavens till it was like an overtlowing of silvery brightness from the leavers, very beautiful to behold. 'To think that I should ind mreelf here again!' exclaimed S'ooe. rather thinkne.g aloud than addression Forteecue. 'Lord, what a lot a man goes throngh in this here world I' They reached the summi of the spur, and stood a rooment looking. From the base of the short incline, the ground, thick with undergrrowth, bash and rel,, went level to a similar elope of land thur form'd the spuar or fall of the orberhill. In the middle oe this 1 .t. within ready observation, there stood a lIttle structure, easily seen to be formed of the tennks and bonuhs of hushe~. which had been striped of all growth dtseemed sunr fuous, with an archedshane roof of houghs and the like interlaced, and rhe whole fuirli cnvered wi'b grass. plaitved, and rellow with hast and decay. Thetr wua all. Ir wu Sent little arbhur. Somethino like it you will see in gardenes whers great bushes bare been hollowed into an aperture yon have to stoop ao enter. 'Sites'r nowhere ahnut--that'll be her eh.lter, sir: yon'll find her there, said Stone. I silencoe shry approached the structure. Foroecue hardly breathed hls lies were bloodless; be trembled almost s the man that fainted had; when within a s'one's throw of the house he stooped. It was evident the entrnce f the nrae rdthe an or was on the other side. This side ist ws a blank atll of greenery cennloly wresthed, and movin s artn exshibition of patience in elfer. inn and in h5pee.eseon. The curate grasped the old sailor by the arm. 'Mr. Stone.'be whisp?-nd with his parched throat, ' ifI bshoul sudienl shown myelf the jlr might crae her, you krow. How hball S'Why, that thbuhSt'e bee?s.in me all through.' answered Stne. 'SPuopose you gtand behind one of these here buaobes--l'll peesoin; if abe' there 1'I1 speak to her and prepare her. Brein'gruff and nastical. I can't opurt her-o-utide the mere otion of betin' saved-as a person better bred than me misht.' Soraleue motioned to him to act as he aerrested. Stone tlkhed to the Istructrr, and fotena the entramne of it f?gin the see., It was seonea.sbaped slit rather thain a dor way, anrd he had to steno to r so. The interior with a green twililbt, wnh the en in the north sending rolden. lbrends of lipkt through the lefy roof art aide0 anid whesl ve? rbee. rsdint- threads touched- the ground they seemaed.to sptead and treioiab ito little pools of liquid gold. .A quantity oi long graos lay thick upon the floor; it had been cut down by a knio, and had tnrned to the he of bay, andt it was as coarse as straw, In the right hand corner of the strange, arbour-like tracturo, on the right band as you looked in at the door, :here was a heap of this grass, and upon it lay Agatha Fox ; im attire a scarecrow, with arms naked and white breasee half concealed, netockinged feet, yet with remains of female apperel swathing her, that is to say one thing hidig the rent in another. Think for yourself if you need a clearer picture. She had been nine months cast away, and what she wore when ,he was dragged ash re was all she had SLone stood a moment or two watching her, Her hair, that was of a rich and lustrous auburn, and wonderfully abundant, hung with all the wildness of dishevelment from her head, and lay in a mase upon the floor albelt she had her cheek in her hand propped on the elbow. The old sailor looking, with his heart in his throat, might have elpected to find little more than a skeleton in a woman delicately nortured that had been immured for nine months, tormented by thoughts in expressible, by suffering which could find no meaning in words; yet in the swift glance.a he stole he noticed on the contrary a round ness and folnees as of positive health indeed in her face ; liewise a healthful fleshiness of limb ; the delicate feet and hands and arms were scarlet with sunburn; but the face woe pale and spirit like, with a curious repose or immobility of beauty, heightened, one might suppose, inton a aspect rarely seen beneath the stare by the dilordered unheeded glory of her hair, and by the rage upon her expressine and half exposing the perfection' of female form, through the squalor that the ocean Orings about; not to be likened to" what we know of the same thing ashore. She. leaned her head upon her right arm, and' with her left hand sabos looked to be trying to gather up a pool of sunshine thbat lay close beside her. There was a large tLrtle shell in one corner with water in it; and that com posed the furniture of the arbour-for suech it was. She was intent upon gathering up the pool of light, scooping at it, so to speak, with the sharp of her little hand, and laugh inr to hereelf as often as she failed. Stone coughed, and stood full in the door way, with his head bowed and his head bared ; he imagined she would scream out and spring to her feet, and he busily re hearted what to say to her ;.but instead, and without moving any portion of her figure but her head. she stared at him with a little be wildered frown and then-smiled. Stone tried to speak, bus snch was bfi. astonishment that the words stock in lie throat. It was not only this reception-the smile-the perfect tranquility of her manner that staggered him; he was fascinated br something he noticed-something dirovere able, but surely not interpretable by him-in the expression of the purely soft, nnstartled grey eyes she fixed upon him. Again be essayed to speak; some rambling sounds escaped him; once more abe smiled with Louching sweetness, and still preserving that, smile, turned to the little tldod of esnshine and tried to gather it up. *My God!' cried the old seaman alod, recoiling into the open by a stride, with am involuntary borrified toes of his esd, ' she's lost her mind.' As he spoke, Fortescne gripped his arm. and, with his other hand shading his eyes peered in through the entrance-of the arbour. (rT se corrsmc. 