' i i id ¥11 STORYTELLER. The Great World : BEING THE CONFESSIONS AND STRANGE EX PERIENCES OF THE HON. ERIC 'xORKE. By Joseph Hatton. Author of « Clytie,' « Cruel LonSon' ' Three Eecruits,' ' John Needhanfs Double,' fc, $c. Chapter XXII.— MR. WALTER MURRAY ON BEAUTY AND THE KENNETTS. *'j/ft%s^ h!a.hat samo ni§ht at th6 club r &/?2- zS~. '* &xB; found Pepys and Murray fresh ' from a visit to Kennetton Thames. ' You don't very often see Walter Murray doing the social 6weil,' eaid Pepys, ' but I overcame him.' ' That's true,' said Murray, ' and by Jove I have to (hank you for one of the pleasantest days I ever spent.' ' A dear good fellow, Kennetr,' rejoined Pepys, ad dressing me. 'I told you ho would turn out all righi^ Yorko.' ' Yes, you certainly did,' I replied. ' A very superior woman, Mrs. Kennett,' said Murray, ' and a fine woman, too, handsomer than her pictures, and that is saying every thing for her when you come to think how many distinguished artists have painted her.' ' 1 liked the daughter,' Baid Pepys, '* a remarkable girl, paints admirably, has a superb studio ; but what a place it is altogether — a sort of Aladdin's Palace.' 'Yes,' said Murray, 'it is a gorgeous house, a little overdone, perhaps— that is, in the opinion of one who loves simplicity.' ' But what a situation ! ' exclaimed Pepys, ' on a slope above the Thames, surrounded with -woods, and with vistas giving you peeps of the river in all directions.' 'I know the place well,' said Joliffe, the painter, chiming in ; ' knew it long before Kennett was heard of in London ; and whatever his taste, bad or good, he couldn* well spoil its natural beauties. Did you go on the river ?' ♦'Oh yes,' said Murray, 'and our captain ?waslUi Trevor, a splendid girl, straight as an Arab boy, dark,- j night, sir, with the hot blood of healthy youth blushing in her cheeks ; she stood at the helm of Kennett's yacht, and looked like a heroine out of Byron, by Jove — and a sunny beauty with the eyes of a gazelle and teeth, that flashed like pure ivory amidst luscious cherries— a goddess, by Jove ! ' Then Walter Murray laughed at his own exuberance, as did the entire smoke-room, which always encouraged him in these delightful exercises of his eloquent vocabulary. ' It is no small matter for Walter Murray to bo moved to such praise of beauty in these degenerate days,' Raid one of the younger members of the club, who is Bomewhat of a bon vivant and inclined to Philistinism. ' Might I ask' who was the beauty of your day, Mr. Murray ? ' ' Yes, eir, and 1 will tell you ' ?' I mean the woman who realised your highest ideal among the lovely creatures who acted with you, in those great plays of the past, which were performed by grand men and women, who are no longer to bo seen at the theatre.' ' You don't believe in those grand men and women, eh ? You are inclined to scoff ? ' ' No, I assure you,' said the youngster, ' I wouldn't dare to do anything of the kind, Mr. Murray ; but you do nib it into up, you know, about those swells who lived when you -were young.' There was underlying the words of the speaker some thing in the nature of a sneer ; and the speaker was an under-sized and not a particularly prepossessing person. ' My dear sir,' responded Mr. Walter Murray, ' if wo were not in the Parthenon Club brother members and there fore gentlemen of courtesy, who consider and resnect each other's feelings, I should say — supposing you had lived in. those days and had seen any one of the great actors I .have spoken of as men of both intellectual and physical beauty — you 'would have cut your throat in a fit of envy ; but I must not say that here; it might seem disrespectful — it would certainly be ungracious.' ' Not at ail,' said the blase young fellow, 'not at all. I am quite sure I have deserved your rebuke ; I know I am not a pretty fellow, but I am appreciative, you see, and amiable, I am sure.' 'Yes, by Jupiter, you are certainly amiable, and t apologise if I nave hurt your feelings,' 6aid Murray, dropping Mr voice and smiling in the pleasantest manner. ' ' But we were talking of beauty,' eaid Joliffe, the painter, ' and our friend asked you, Murray, who was the beauty, the perfection of grace, and so on, in your time; we know what a judge you are and what an experience vou must Imye had.' Even in the courteous Jo) iff e's tone, as he called us back to tho subject, there was a suggestion of badinage, that did not escape the keen and watchful Murray, who, rising and assuming his most impressive manner, said : ' Sir, the beauty of my time, the woman who was as conspicuous for her virtues as for her genius, whose Rosalind was a dream of poetry and whose Desdemona was a lesson in sweet and tender womanhood, whose hand was ever open to melting charity, and whose companionship was the joy of my life, was Mary Murray, my wife of twenty years, and my most blissful memory if I were to live to be as old as Methuselah '.' This unexpected speech had a wonderful effect on the company. 'Thank you, Walter,' said Pepys, 'you are a good fellow, after alL' ' After all !' exclaimed Murray, showing his white teeth, es he laughingly asked. ' What do jou '«w P' and af lie added with mock fury, ' You scoundrel !' at which everybody roared with laughter, including Walter himself ; and then the conversation gradually drifted back to the Kennette and their estate on the Thames. I gathered that the Kennett household was evidently a very happy one ; that Kennett was devoted to his wife, and was to Helen the kindest of stepfathers. Oddly enough much of this personal conversation was for my benefit, as it was understood that I still did not care for Kennett, though I had of course ceased to resent his election to the club. 'An odd fish, that American gentleman,' said ' Pepys, addressing Murray. 'Colonel Spelter— they are all Colonels, our American friends, except those who aye Generals ; he is the man who owns the wonderful twin diamonds. I didn't care for him much.' ' No, confound the fellow,' said Walter, feelingly ; ' he interrupted roe in two of my best etories, twin anecdotes that will sparkle down the grooves of time just as brightly as anv two diamonds that were ever cut. I quite agree with you, Pepys, he was a bore, and a pretentious one.' There was something uncanny to my mind as I thought of myself, on my way home, sitting at the club and calmly listening to this conversation, after what had occurred between me and Mrs. Kennett that very afternoon. Fresh from the scene with Mrs. Kennett, there had been no trace of it in my manner or conversation at the Jessops ; ihere was no indication of either the one or the other in my con duct at the club, no more than there is a trace of his pre vious cases in the manner of your doctor who conies to you fresh from an incident of typhus, or the trepanning of some poor wretch who has died under his hands. No, every man is a world unto himself, and a world that no other man and nojother creature has explored. Chapter XXIII.— VACATION RAMBLES. The Season is dead! Long live the Season ! Its suc cessor is getting ready to be crowned next year. The new season is an infant in the country, imbibing strength from moor and mountain. The old dead season had been gay almost beyond prece dent, though death had irom time to time thrown across its path the grimmest of shadows. But how defiantly the lively monarch of Vanity Fair has gone to his rest, drink ing, dancing, singing, racing, gambling, flirting ! During its last and perhaps its brightest hours the tele graph has been busy bringing us news of disastei t- in numerable, calamities on sea and land, hurricanes, massacres, earthquakes. No pen or pencil could ever hope to realise and perpetuate such a dance of death as that which the papers have been chronicling side by side with our festivities. Five thousand lost at Ischia! Five thousand people, men, women, and children, many of them the noblest families of Rome and Naples. The majority of them pleasantly engaged when death fell upon them. Some at a theatre; others dancing; all more or less basking in the Italian sunshine, the rays of which were tempered by the gentle breezes of the 6ur eounding sea. One family was listening to the music of Chopin. Among all this favourite com poser's works nothing is more popular than his ' Funeral March.' A pianist had just begun to play the opening bars when the earthquake tore the beautiful island asunder. Thunder, darkness, and cries of death were the response to the opening strains of the touching composi tion. A few visitors had put out in a boat to enjoy the beauty of the evening and the starlight. Igiey heard and caw that some frightful caliuuity had occurred ashore, aud rowing frantically they steered for the open sea. Godfrey Jessop was full of all this when he called upon me to say' good-bye. He was off to Germany. His vacation was to be devoted to some special scientific study in that cbuntry. He would be away until November. His sister thought I was hurt that he had not made a point of seeing mo for so long a time. But his sister was mistaken. He had, it ie true, felt a little awkward and upset at that foolish soiree. Nonsense, he had not fallen in love at first sight! This in response to my badinage. He was struck with the beautv of Miss Trevor, he admitted. There was something in her voice and manner which fascinated him. Would he like to meet her again? Oh, yes, very much. But ho had been up to his eyes in work and had no time to think of ''parties.' Besides, ho hated them. Very 'pathetic he said, that incident of the girl beginning to play Chopin s March just as the earthquake swallowed them. Did I kuow this calamity had been foretold? No. Oh yes, almost to the day. It had been calculated on a theory and investiga tion of recognised and definite phenomena by a scientist whose warnings had been unheeded. This led to an inte resting discussion, set up, I thought, as a diversion from the subject L had selected for conversation. Then I shifted the ground to his greater journey to the Eastern Seas. Yes, he said, he was considering a proposal to investigate the scientific and economic features of ' the Sunny Isks. I had never heard of them. No, he said, few people had. When the first merchants not long ago went to the Govern ment about Sabah, the chief officials asked where it was, what it was— an island, a peninsula, or a savage chief. But he could not unfold his plans to me now. He would do so by and by, and he begged me not to think him ungrateful. ' For,' said he, ' my dear Yorke, I regard you as my one true dear friend outside that little house of my father, in Regent's Park.' And 60 we parted for the vocation, ho for Germany, I for various places, but more particularly for Dove Dale. Among the books which I find in tempting covers on the St. Paucras stall while I am waiting for the train is an amateur angler's sketch of some pleasant days in that very happy valley to which I am journeying. 1 make a point of always being too early for trains. A railway-station platform has ever afforded me a fund of interest and ainuso menr. I find a lazy delight in rummaging over the book stall for Bomo volume I have never seen before, and taking it for my companion on my journey. A book has this ad vantage over a new acquaintance, or rather you have this advantage over it, that if you don't like it you can throw it aside and without offence. Foreigners scoff at'us tor our habite of insularity ; the Americans particularly rail at us for shutting ourselves up in railway carriages, and if we cannot secure compartments for ourselves alone, shutting ourselves up within ourselves and resisting conversation with strangers. Well, 1 confess for my own part I heartily enjoy this so-called insularity in an English railway carnage. On this calm autumn day. as the train glides out of the platform for the Derbyshire dale where my Uncle Toby has pitched his tent, or to U6e the language of that service to which he bekmecd, cast anchor for life, I make my arrangements for five hours of luxurious ease. A little in fiuenoe at headquarters gives me a compartment entirely to myself ; I am as free as it I were on an ocean steamer. For five hours I need speak to no one, shall get neither letter nor telegram, and I can road my book and dream over my cigar. 1 do so, and on this occasion can commend both cigar and book, which givoa me great satisfaction. Ever Binee my uncle lived in the tobacco-growing districts of South America thirty years ago, he has always, he says, been making fruitless efforts to procure green cigars on this Bide of the Atlantic Latterly, however, 1 have found a merchant who has entered for him with more or less success, and I am taking down to him what I mav call a current box of Havannahs, direct from a tobacco farm. 1 am testing the latest supply and find it remarkable fine in flavour and quality, and at the same time I discover in the little volume which I have selected for my compaction du voyage just the kind of beok I like. It is a volume that throws me back upon my own thoughts, knowledge, and resources. It is a modest book. I know wore about th° country it travels through than the author, which makes his outside adventures and reflections all the more attractive. He does, however, know what ho felt and thought as he lashed the picturesque waters of the river that flow through the woodland Dale of Dove, and he has the faculty of interpretation. He can express bis thoughts, aud they are frank and free. His reflections have, therefore, a special charm for me, all the more that I supplement them as we journey onwards, which is like an exchange of thoughts and experiences. He fills the valley with himself, his holiday, his angling failures and successes, his thoughts of home (for he is a family man), while I lean back in my 6eat and people the valley with illusionary ghosts. Derbyshire is full of pretty valleys, and Dove Dale is be yond all of them interesting from a literary point of view, und it will he famous for all time, for it u ' The Happy Valley of Rosselos.' The illustrious Fleet-street hermi who said, ' Sir, one green field is like another green field ', let us take a walk down Fleet- street,' nevertheless wrote 'Rasselas,' and got his inspiration at Dove Dale. Not long since railway managers sought to break its solitude and despoil its charms with their prosaic lines of road and ' that whistle,' against which Professor Ruskin inveighed when the iron horse first disturbed the peace of the English lakes. But happily for the present the project of the railway men has been abandoned. ' Once the fiery beast comes into this anchorage,' says my uncle, the mariner, *' I slip my cable and steer for other waters.' Izaak Walton was a constant visitor to this 'happy valley of Dove Dale,' whither his friend Charles Cotton often invited him. The river (Cotton apostrophises it as 'Princess Dove') was a favourite haunt of the two friends. Their fishing house is still to be seen at Beres ford, where the good old man discoursed to his ' son Charles ' of the pleasures of simple content and the de lights of country life. Down the Dale one finds the cave that sheltered Cotton when late in life he sought a hiding place from duns and bailiffs, and when he wrote ; Lord, would men let me alone, What an over-happy one Should I think myself to be ! Might I, in this desert place. Which most men in discourse disgrace, Live but undisturbed i;nd free ! Here in this despised recess Would I, maugre winter's cold \- And the Bummer's worst excess, Try to live out to sixty full years old ! And all the while. Without an envious eye, Or any thriving- under Fortune's smile, Contented live, and then— contented die. But Dove Dale has other associations than the memories of dear old Izaak and his friend Charles Cotton, the angler poet — associations that would render the Dale a literary ehrine, the Dove a sacred stream, even though it were shorn of its natural beauties. Longfellow says : ' Even scenes unlovely in thetpselveF become clothed in beauty when illu minated by the imagination, as faces in themselves become eo by the expression of thought and feeling.' And of this special interest thttt attaches to the association of great lives with particular places, how many examples might be quoted ! Imagine Sinai without the Lawgiver ! Jerusalem without the memory of the man of sorrows ! Think of Greece without Homer ; Rome without Horace; Iona with out Columba ; Mull and Morven without Ossian ! Take Shakspearc from Avon; leave the Doon without the memory of Burns : the Tweed without Sir Walter Scott ; the Ouse without Bunyan and Cowper; the Trent without Kirke White and Byron: imagine Sheffield without Ebenezer Elliott ; the Lake Country without Wordsworth, Wilson, Coleridge, De Quincey, and Sputhcy; Chelsea without Carlyle ; Antwerp without Rubens. The human interest casts a ?- Light that never was on sea or land, The consecration and the poet's dream. The banks of the 'fair Dove ' are crowded with famous figures. At Aishboume lived Dr. Taylor, Johnson's school fellow at Lichfield, aud, next to Boswell, the great man's most intimate friend. Taylor became Prebendary of West minster, and read the funeral services over the mortal remains of his schoolfellow, who, had he survived him, would have been consoled in his declining years by the comfortable estate of the divine. The two friend often walked by the river-side together, followed by Langley dis puting with Gilpin, the tourist, Boswell in attentive attend ance. ' He that has seen Dove Dale has no need to visit the Highlands of Scotland,' says Johnson. Ashbourne has hardly chunged since those days. The sign of ' The Green Man,' is the hostelry where one is now served with more palatable beverages than when Cotton wrote — 'For Ashborn has, which is a kind of a riddle, always in it the best malt and the worst ale in England.' Tom Moore dwelt at Mayfield Cottage, on the Staffordshire side of the Dove, and wrote Lalla Jiookh there. From Ashbourne steeple ' the Prince of the Peak ' rung out the ' tuneful peal,' whose music Moore has re echoed in his familiar poem, Those Evening Bells. And so 'twill be when I am gone— That tuneful peal will still ring on ; While other bards shall walk these dells, And sing your praise, sweet evening bells ! I have dreamed many a dream by the peaceful waters of Dove Dale, under the shadows of its forest trees in its mossgrown retreats, have often thought that it should be a rebuke to human vanity to think of the great men who have sought refuge here from the madding crowd, but whose footsteps leave no trace even for a cultured man, 6uch as the writer of the delightful little book of a vacation in these hills and dales, that are full of human association with the famous dead of the century, to say nothing of the great historic characters of the romantic days before gun powder. But my London author only cared to dream his own dreams of wife and child, and of the busy town that awaited the end of his holiday to pin him to his desk again ; but he will happily find that the great city cannot efface the recollection of his trip. He will see the Derbyshire river as he walks along the London streets, and hear the sweet melody of its evening bells mingling with the plash of its miniature waterfalls in the hum of the busy town's everlasting traffic' And now, let me supplement these holiday notes with, to me, and I hope to you, the most important person of this vacation ramble, my unole, Admiral Yorke, of The Gables, Dove Dale. ' Ah, my boy, glai to see you, just in time for dinner, too, that's* hearty ; I like a fellow who drops in with the soup, that's hearty !' ' Tliank you, uncle, I thought I had timed you beauti fully.' ' So you have, so you have.' The old fellow grasped my hand, ordered William to carry my portmanteau to the Blue Room, conducted me to the lava tory in the billiard-room where I could wash (for he would not hear of me making any change for dinner, which was ready to be served), and within ten minutes of my arrival we were sitting down to dinner. It had been a bright autumn day ; but now the sun had bet. There was a tender twilight (which the old fellow declined to shut out) and the table was lighted with wax candles. The red li^ht of the sun was dying away over the golden treetops in the valley. We sat* near the window. At my end of the table I saw through a mirror the ruddy gray streaks of sunshine competing with the yellow leaves. My uncle faced me. ''Sou are admiring the view,' he said. 'I put you there for the purpose. Artists say they like it best through a gloss; I always add with a glass, and pass them the bottle.' My uncle pushes the decanter to me as he repeats his littJejoke, and recommends the fish. I 'Caught an hourago,' he 6ays, 'by William— ely chap William, knows the haunts of the best of them, and how to take them. I don't think Walton or Cotton could hold a candle to William; he is a regular eon of a sea-cook at it.' The fish was delicious, and so likewise were the brace of grouse, the first birds of the season, and I had to confess, and did bo with much pleasure, that I had not eaten eo good a dinner since my last visit to The Gables. 'Well, that's all right,' said my Uncle, 'that's hearty ; it's a treat to give a dinner to a fellow who knows what a dinner is ; and now, Eric, a few walnuts and a drop of the old sort, and then we'll try those new cigars, eh?' ' Yes, Uncle, the programme suits me.' 'Good,' he said; ' that's hearty.' Then, turning to'Williani, he 6aid, ' Bo'sen, I think you may dose the ports.' ' Right, Your Honor,' said William, who was dressed in a man-of-war's uniform, and looked every inch a sailor. The blinds drawn, the wax candles 6eem to give an extra light, and my Uncle took especial pleasure in holding his glass before one of them to watch the beeswing as it floated in the ruddv liquour. 'Not a bad glass of port,' he remarked. 'We'll try the Maderia to-morrow.' ' It is superb,' I said, repeating both of us very much the same conversation we had had any time these ten yean upon the eame subject, and possibly on the same port, fur I believe it was '34 wine of a wonderful quality. ' You are looking well, Eric. Bachelor life agrees with yon as it does with me. N othing like it, eh Y' ?- it has its advantages,' I. said. « Should think it lias. Look at William, look at my coachman, look at my gardener. Anybody can see the gardener is tied up, poor devil. He looks like a sheer hulk compared with the other chaps.' ' It wouldn't do for everybody to be of your opinion, uncle.' ' No, I suppose not. Well, Eric, and how do you get along in that great ugly city of yours ? Your fine Prime Minister, I see, goes on making a fool of himself, and his country ridiculous ; when I read the papers sometimes it seems to me as if I was reading about some other country, not about England ; and then I thank you for introducing me to Boswell and Johnson, to Walton and Cotton and Moore, and the other clever fellows who used to come on leave down into this pleasant anchorage and let the world drift by as I do.' 'lam giving up politics altogether,' I said. ' Never cared much for party intrigue and that kind of thing, as yon know.' ' As you know to your cost,' said my Uncle ; ' but I don't blame you. The diplomatic business is a dirty ^business, after all. A ruin who gets on in that service has to despise himself a good deal now and then, I expect.' When he had indulged in a -few other commonplace re-' flections of this kind, allowing our dinner to digest under the influence of small talk, like sensible men who do not spoil a feast with exciting topics of conversation, we took the usual 'whitewash' of dry old sherry and adjourned to coffee and billiards. It was a cheery sight to see my old uncle, a stalwart naval officer of 78, play billiards with tie zest of fiveand twenty. He was a strong, straight, well-built man, with a bright blue eye, a heated complexion, heightened by thick white hair. He wore the old-fashioned blue dress coat and brass buttons, and when he took his cue to play he stripped off coat and vest, and looked as tight and trim an admiral as ever stepped upon a quarterdeck. He played with tre mendous earnestness, but with great good humour, and with a full appreciation of his opponent's finest strokes, exclaiming (it was a favourite expression of his) whenever I made an, exceptionally fortunate break, ' That's hearty.' We took our night-cap in due course with a last cigar, and hud a sober chat about my affairs, which presented no points for controversy or advice (he hinted that he had made a will in my favour, with conditions), and we compared notes about the new cigars. ' They're as good as they can be outside the country,' he said, '' but we don't know the true flavour of a cigar in England. When I was in Cuba, and also in Havannah, they brought me my cigars fresh every day, a handful, wrapped in oilsilk or something of the kind, made for the day to be smoked during the day, and by Jupiter they were fine, so green and soft you could twirl them round your finger; but this is a good cigar, Eric, and I am much obliged to you for thinking of me.' I spent a very happy time at The Gables, fishing, riding, hunting, shooting, (there is a capital moor a few miles away), eating good dinners, discussing the mistakes of the Government in Egypt, at the Cape, in Afghanistan, at Constantinople, in Ireland, and at home ; for my dear old Uncle would not give Ministers a spark of credit in any direction, and the only consolation he derived from the collapse of the old crder of things was that the ship of State was drifting into such difficulties that the present command would have to be superseded, and that, whoever came in, the new Admiral could not possibly be worse than the former landlubber, and might be a great deal better. ' We shall get into awful difficulties, Eric, and then we shall get out of them as we always do, but at a terrible cost, mark my words, you mav live to see it.' Now and then we strolled together with our fishing rods (the Bo'sea in attendance with refreshments), and talked of plcasanter things than politics, of the men whese memories haunt the Dale ; and one afternoon as we climged the valley in answer to the flag-signal of half an hour before dinner time, we paused to listen to ' Those Evening Bells' as their silver music came wandering through the woodlands. A white mist was rising from the river, the ghost of summer was abroad, the moon was rising — a new cold moon and the bells seemed to whisper the tender regrets of the poet. My uncle felt the saddening influence of the moment, I know, because he referred to it at dinner, and said, after all champagne was a good thing if you felt a trifle hipped. I was loth to leave the dear old fellow, but after a fort night I grew restless to travel further afield where the Bun shone, and where there were no 'Evening Bells ' with such sad voices as those in the Derbyshire valleys. In my time I have been all over the world during these vacation days— to Trouville, Homburg, Switzerland, Nor way, Sweden, Cannes, Nice, Mexico, the Rocky Moun tains, everywhere ; end I have come home again on the top of the 'first returning waves of society, with the first of the homeward-bound pilgrims, thus season after season; and I have lived to know that London is the best place in the worid for a man who is alone. 1 have lived to feel that the first shake of the hand at one's club, when the tide of fashion has set in again on the town ; that the smiling welcome of the two honest souls who have charge of my rooms ; that the ' How are you, old chap ?' of my friend the Editor, in his familiar office, Strandwards,' and the ' Right you are, sir!' of the cabman who vriyes me thither ; that these are heavenly things compared with the hollow courtesies of Monsieur and Madame, the cumber some politeness of Meinhecr, the eloquent salaams of Eastern state, or the rough and ready hospitality of the American Union. (To be continued J 