UtES AJfD NEWS. I^Kttisition to tho Mayor to convono a BEfmeoting to protest against tho uu $||fcie delay that has occurred iu tho Hfaon -?f tho working plans of the Gym ff&tion; Of tho North Coast railway, and Erongiy'uigi, upon tho Government the fe'y of coniijlating the plans immediately fdMngJoi tenders for tho section, was en round on Saturday, and, wo under In. Upon i considering tho matter, how fcft&ooouiicd; to tho movors that as there m/Bne a tolciably representative aaseinbl fof Uympieitob ia Brisbane during .Easter fcotUd ^o better to form a deputation down Sis-?then and have a personal interview fta the^huibtty. It was therefore resolved llofc tho proposal to hold a public meeting bain In abeyance for the present. Xho {tfSa'af action suggested seems to us too fit and watery, considering all the circum EiWi It would, however, afford i*.Mfiiistry a good opportunity of re fairing i'ic prestige they have lost here, and ffitayiiro wiso they will make the most of i and ni\ e the propoaod deputation a very (y5e»b answer to the one that tho Minister iS^oslvS latoly sent, through one of hie sub dinatea, to the Benior member for Wide iy' S\Vo may add that the survoy of 9\rPflanix deviation mentioned by Mr. n'ttSarias being necessary was commenced atW&yi; whioU looks as if the little plain iiakipK that has been done from here lately affl'liDrdBomo effoot. The survey in quostiou ll&pfe; liear, take quite three weeks to ''iSjmcial meoting of tho local Chamber of kffrfcajtuicnnd Ratepayers Union was held rt^Mrll'lood's office ou Saturday last, for the itttriSsI chieUy of taking stops with a viow to »&ho; vacancy in tho Widgee D»vmonal BaSlcaused by tho retirement of Mr. H. 1. Pfiwofi The President, Mr. X. isutldr, SoAtfed the chair. Mr. Hutchinaon, iu his tet)«Sfy as secretary, having formally re mU the action taken by the Joint Com ffittteSiu tho matter of urging, upon tho Gov EW&t; tho necessity existing for tno immeTiato construction of a high level bridge iofefflltho river Mary, the question of select 53? ? n.utn tn bo brouent forward under %®$ that W James Fullerton be requested iSSRew iu that portion of the division Wtt duiouBBion took place relative to the ^ttHBBiit unsatisfactory system of voting at ! iHonal elections, and as there appeared to fl mo doubt on tho part of thos. , preaeu CW^licr certain names on tUB..Wld^5?' WiM legally entitled to remain there, lUBtruc 3 wtro given to the Chamber's solicitor to 5SS&. „ !„♦„ t.hn matter. Jn respoot of other . Scis brought forwarder consideration, ,,tjb8|cciotary was requested to write to Mr. Ac, M.L.A., asking him to ascertain the r'ttubn of the delay in tho oonstruot on of to jijSlilo Bridge ; and to tho Secretary of the liSmvn Railway League, asking that tne ffiue should takeaome action in oonneobon #*» tho paltry excuses which have been put m»MA by the Works Department or MSBooting to call for tenders for the fifth SPIiiou ot tho Brisbauo-Uympio railway -toft raSEieotinR of tho Kailway League is convened S next Tuesday ovoniDg to deal with the Jllll istiou. illrho regular fortnightly sitting of the Fffil Debts Court was lieia yesterday, heforo L p yji , the cases disposed of being as 1 ''uows'-.-Lco's Lady Mary Tribute Co. v. A. I Merry, calls, 8s 4d ; vordiot for plaintiffs, with 7s costs. Same v. Jas Browuhe, calls, lfis lid ' for plaintiffs, with 7s costs. Bealo 1 and Co v. W. Bertwhistlo, goods, £5: for SuinHffs with 5s costs. J. Browno v. Mrs. nlaincuiH) »»?» »„„„!„!„* ;ir with ^nmnipno. wont, ew, j-o , '' i'—'»''i ??-— B« ^Sms 13- T. ?K°P!)0 v- C- linpoy- ^ ' msmsm eHher settled or ffithamwa, and the re wply to Mi' rSfii P ?'' and Mr- Burton's wsm thf* M° P\v!?r C°^m -Satardiy, before saulting Joseph Salmon on W VuribVa Dav montl,0sl'lhi?V01;^ kSSth0 '«~^ twdw t'« ™i, ™vfln fW andtwo ''?otiosin i wohf „ ieat0««iy Thomas Malonev brought up for drunkenness, mi di.cl.a Z7i ?v boy named Cromwell, arreatod ac Towa .tin on a charge of abscondiag from tlih h r'eJ service ol Edward Dunnrf Gymnie, w a ordered to bo aont back to tho reformatory' n Brisbane, from which place he had only re. cently boon liberated. ? i y ; Mr. Henry Bin-ton's leoturo on 'What 'I know about Qhpsts; or 17 years1 experience offtpn'ituahsm' was givon at the Masonic Hall oi bunday oveninx, and judging by tho largo attendance, no doubt could bo enter tainod as to tho subject being one to excito the curiosity of a considerable section of tho Uympio public, hard- headed materialists 'as uioy ior vno most part are gouorully regarded. Ihe lcoturtr dealt with ghosts and spiritual ism mamannur which showed that ho was not only acquainted with, but had mado a !i y m- vftrioUB phenomena credited to them, Tno diacouro was received with rapt attoutiou, and at its conclusion it may eafoly bo aaicl that thoro was uotono of thoaudioneo but was prepared to' admit that there aro many more things iu heavon and earth than are dreamt of in tho philosophy of common hfo. The lecturer announced that in conao quonco of what lml been said at Mr. H. Uoodacro's meoting on Thursday night last, ho had' challenged that gentleman to dobato ou tho respective merits of Freothought and Christianity. Tho result of tho challenge will be made known in a few days. A conger oel, weighing 22 lbs, was caught yesterday, in tho rivor, near the Widgeo crossing, The match played at tho Gympie Sect cation Ground on Saturday afternoon, butwebn teams representing tho Recruit and L'bxonix oricket clubs, was a very one-sided affair, resulting in a victory for the Keoruits by an innings and 7 runs. Tho scores were— Rocrnits (55, of which G. Stitt contributed 13, and W. Smith 0 ; aud Phconix, 12 and 36, or a total of 48, the highest scorer being Barber, who in the second innings made 9, Saturdays »V, B, Nkws reports :— It will interest our readers in the Defence Force to InfLI'M tUflt hht'Vn ia n. atvnncr nrvihn.liilit.v fchfl.fc the Easter Kucampment will not oomo oil' on tho usual date, but be postponed umil Juno. Major Tooth ntouivcil a telegram yesterday from thn Brigide-Major, hintiui; that such might bo the case. Tlie roasuu is supposed to bo that as thoro will be a grand uiiluary display iu tho metropolis on the oooasioaof tuts .iiiniiorsary of her Majesty's jubileo iu June, the cuuntry force could not oo expooted to go to Brisbane twice iu two months. [One of our Brisbane telegrams .of thia morniug also indicates tho possibility of the .hncaiupment being postponed, but thu ostensible reason given is thu swampiness of tho ground at Lyttou — G.T.] Mr. Adam Mulholland, tho well-known local breeder of draught and saddlo stock, started yesterday for iho Maryborough and iiuudaOerg markets with a well- solected draft of 40 horses, The ship Ejstminster which left Plymouth on Decomtier JO, for diary borough, arrived off Woody Island on Saturday, She brings 199 iLUg'ish, 10 Scotch, aud 42 Irish emigrants who are pronounced by Mr. Kandali, the Government lecturer, wno was instrumental iu choosing thorn, as the finest class that havn ever loft imglaud for Queensland. They are all free passengers, In consequence of tho recent floods the outer bar of tho Burnett river has silted considerably, and last week the steamer Eginont in leaving Bundaborg for Sydney, wus detained for several days iu consequent. The Cairns Post of tho 10th supplies its readers with a map of Queenalaud which haa been isaued on belulf of the local separation league, for the purpoao of;demonatrating that the liarron Valloy is tho best sito for tho capital of tno proposed new colony. A recont number of the Warwick Exam iner has the following :— Sweeping changes ! All the police leaving Warwick 1 Some by resignation, others by transfer, aud one already gone through diamissal. Shortly aftor the Hood, Countable M'Uarthy was dis missed for ' taking a drop too much ;' a few weeks later a charge wus laid against Consta ble Mulligan for illegally arresting a man. , A complaint wus lodged, tho constable was triod, and linod £5. His resignation had for a cou plo of months previously been in the hauds of tho Commiaaionor. It's a rule iu the jpohco department that three months' notioe of inton teution to resign be given. No further action was taken by the police department, and tho constable was allowed to retire on his reaign ation, having paid tho fine. Seuior-oooatable Carroll, an excellent officer, has been trans ferred to Wallaugarra, whither he proceeded yesterday afternoon. Sonior- sergeantBallan- I tyne, another good officer, has been ordered to exchange places with Senior-Sergeant Kid ney of Toowooinba ; Constables Kyan and Phillips quitted this salubrious spot yesterday for Ualby. Conatablo Trevelyan is the only one remaining, and his throe months' notice of resignation has, wo learn, expired.- The Commissioner has made a oloan sweep of it | this time, but wo are at a loas to know why aome of tho removals have been so peremptory. 'Pnnsdav'Hfir.AnsTn-NE OllSEUVBB SttVS: — Ml'. Convan, of tho Kramptoh claim, Norton 1 Goldfiold, arrived iu town last week with a I pared of 200 ounces of gold, tho result of the | treatment of 59 tons of mundic stone by the I chlorination process. The result is considered I very satisfactory by tho owners of the mine, I ivlin Ina nm- 'Nl^i-f.nii pnvrfisnolldcilt ttdvlSeU I last week) aro going to considerable oxponse I in tho porfootiug of tho machinery. : I On glancing ovor our southern files wo I (Morning Bulletin) loam that tho steamer J Uoehampton only lost four bullocks on her I second voyage from Gladstone to Melbourne, I landing 314. The sale of her cargo is thus reported by Messrs. King and Company in tho Austualasian :— 91 bullocks for Mr. d-. S. G. Macdouald, at £0 14s lOd ; 16 bullocks for Mr. Cooper, at £10 12s Gd ; 185 bullocks | at up to £8. Tho report of tho New South Wales Do partmont of Public Iuatruotion for last year shows that lflfl now schools were opened, and 2128 schools were open at the oud of the year. School accommodation was provided for 107,188 pupils. Tho school population from 4 to 15 years was 28l),4(U, and tho statutory school population, 0 to 14 years, 202,070, showing an inoreaBo from 1881 of 54,572 or, ovor 37 per oiait. ; 180,120 pnpils, or an in-) oroaso of 5197 for the year, attenaod Bohool, 82J per cont. being of tho statutory ugo ; 2047 toachois and assistants, 931 pupil toaohors, and 830 work miutrussos wore employer], being an iuercaBO of 237, whilo 140 students attonded tho training school. The expenditure was £004,410 or £1)285 Joss than iu 1885 j 03,164 scholars paid school fees. Tho expenditure was 8J per cont. less per scholar on the aver age attendance than in 1885, oxoIubivo of money spout ia school premises. Tho avorago I cost was J22 Cs lOJd per pupil on the roll, and I tho total cost per hoad, based ou tho average I attendauoe, was £15 4s ; as compared with I Victoria, £& 9s 5Jd ; Queensland, £(- ; and I South Australia, £5 5s 3.Jd, 1 Mr, MEachern, of the gnrnt firm of M'llwwith, M-Baohorn, and Co., of London, when passing through Groydon two or three vfieksngo, m roatc for tho OttmborI a KthonOgo), to personally inspect tho Cum jMjmdp.0 ..recently floated iu London' by that firm, and to finally ratify tho business, 'upwwng things to bo da roprosontod, bought amlf share in the p.o. Highland Mary for *100, and a wcok or two aftor found £G8 to his .credit asa fl«t dividend on tho £2 10s ' a-lvauce. When the bnlanco is handed over by tho bank, ho will be recouped his purohaso money, and bo tho owner of a twelfth aW in ono of the very beat Hues of roof in thodfa. triot, m whi0h £1000 fQr a fuU h d«3 little onough ? Exchange. . ,Tlio i Quoonaland Commiaaionors for tho ? n»?1 aSd Indiau Exhibition have recolvo.l from Mr. C. S. JDickson.tho London aocrotary to the comnuaaion, copy of assay and account sales of tho gold producod from the ores crushed and treated at the Queensland quartz null, wind attracted so much attuntiou at ™-j xvAiuoicion. riio JJay Dawn (Clmrtors iowors) atone yielded two cakw weighing 77-050 oz and 98-400 oz rospeotivoly. Thoso nVo°^rm0lt0d int0 bars of 77-000 m and 9S-375 oz respectively. The lirst bar, after assay by Puloy mid Aboil, producod 57-540 oz fine gold and 14-89 oz fine silver. Tho second bar aftor assay produced 77-5GS ozs hue gold and 19-07 oz lino silver. Tho North Micuiiix (Uympio) stnno yielded a calre of oliVOU oz, or a bar of 5S'12S cz anioli.ed go'.d. This aftor assay pro- meed 47 229 oz fine gol.l and 8 30oz fino silver. Tho Button slotui yielded a cake of 4'500 oz, or a bar of 4-425 oz of meltod pold. Aftor treatment it pro duced 4-076 oz of fine gold and 20 on fino silver. The yiold of alluvial gold was 2-100 oz reduced to 1-950 oz molted gold, and sub sequently by treatment to l-328oz fine gold, and 40 oz fino silver. Tho totals were 187'740 oz fino gold, or 204*807 standard ounce, and 43'52 oz fine silver. Tho gold at £3 17a lOd per ounco yielded i'797 0s 9d, and tho silver, nc 60 13/lGd per ouhcb— less refin ing allowanco for 19S7 oz— realised £4 193 10J. After addincr tlio vnlnci of an noimv piooo -050 oz, valued at 3s Od, and deducting tho aasayer's charges, £2 12s 7d, thoro re mained a balance ot £799 15s, which has been placed to tho credit of the Governmont with the Queensland National Bank.— ComilBB. At the recent V.B.C, meeting tho Hon. Jainos Whito onoo moro headed the list of winners, with the nice chequo of £4425 Is. Tho total paid away (says ' Augur ') ovortho mooting was £11, 493 103., and of this sum only £1702 found its way into the pockets of real Victorian ownera. Mew South Walea took tho largest share, and New Zealand came next. ' . , Tho Melbourne Herald states that Mr. Crawford Mollison, one of tho oldest police magistrates in Victoria, has just come into a fortune of £26,000 by the death of a brother. Writing to the Chronicle from London on Feb 4 'U. B. C,' says :— I moutioned in my last Truth's article under the heading of ' Mammon, ' which was followed on that Saturday by a lottcr signed Harold ITinch Hatton, ending in tho rounded period that it was ' a matter of perfect indifferonce to my brother and myself what may be said of us by. an individual tho most humorous effort of whoso life is to be found in the title of tho paper which ho edits.'1 Last Saturday the Mining Would took up tho ruaniug in a humorouB articlo entitled ' The Australian Brothors,' and gave very full accounts of tho Day Dawn, Bomiio Duudeo, Livingstone, and other Companies. Tho Hon. Pat Porkius took up the parable of gold mining in Queens land at tho Bonnie Duudeo meeting, The inference to be drawn from tho present stato of things is that the limit of Queensland Gold Mining Co.s haa been reached, and only tho best mines will go down for the future. Tho United States Congress has passed the Chinese Indemnity Bill, appropriating 147,000 dollars to pay tho lossea suffered by Chinese subjects at Bock Island, Wyoming, from an anti-Coolie outbreak. Crkmation. — The Leicester Corporation (Eng.) have appointed a special committee to consider tho advisability of establishing a crematory at tho Corporation Cemetery, This is tlio only burial-ground in the town. About 100,000 bodies are interred iu it, in stiff impervious clay. The leading citizens and medical men havo signed a memorial in favor of the establishment of a crematory, aud it is expected this will be carried out. Mr, G-. ])\ Whiteley, as justice of tho peace for fcurrey, aud Bouior member of the Richmond Bench, icfc directions for his remains to bo cremated wheu he died. This was accordingly done at Wokiny. A Paris correspondent says tho cromatipniats hold their yearly meetiug the other night at tho Mayoralty of the Eighth Arroudissement. In his report on tho progress of their work during tho past year, tho secretary reforred in special terms of satisfaction to tho Act whioh.the Chamber of Deputies on March 30 passod by a majority of 371 votes against 174 to render tstomation optional in Franco, according; to. tho will left by a person. It appears that the Holy See has prohibited— that is to say, anathematised — this funeral ceremony in Italy, but its decreo will proba bly remain a dead letter, as cremation is very popular in that country, whore no less than Bixty cremating societies oxist. Furnaces have also boon built at Geneva, Zuiich, New York, San FrauoiBco, Buffalo, &c;, Iu Gor many a potition to tho Reichstag for its toleration has obtained 23,000 signatures. In tho Mauritius aovoral determined croination ist3 have ordorod their bodies, in the , absence of ovona ad /wo, to be burned on common pyres, the operation to, last four hours, — Home papor. Notice.— G, E. Richards, Photo Artisti having returned, wishoB to inform tho lnhabi' tauta of Gympie and tho surrounding districts that his now Gallery will bo opened on Monday, 21at March, whon ho will bo pre pared to take Photos from Carto do Viaitea to largo Bized PiotureB. Note tho Address— Reef-street, next to tho Wesleyan chapel. Speoimens to bo seen at Walker's Attotion Mart, Mary-street.— [Advt.] mW Saorr's Emulsion op Puke Cod Liver Oil I with HYi'OPiiosi'UiTKS, ia prescribed by Physioians all over tho world. It is a roraark ablo remedy for consumption, Borofula, and wasting diseases, and very palatable. , Read t.hn following :— I havo much pleasure in stat ing that I have tried ' Scott's Kmulsios' in a case of impoverished blood, with Scrofulous diaoaso, and found it to be a very efficient preparation. It was taken without tho least difficulty. A. Tkmplb Perkins, 22 Lordship Park, Stoke .Newington, N. England. All Chomists eoU large pud small sizes.— [Abvt,] Floiuline l— For tub Tiietu and Breath —A fow drops of tho liquid? ?? uioruino' Bpriuklod on a wet tooth-brush prortucos a pleasant lather, which thoroughly oloanses tho tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens tho gums, prevents tartar, stops do cay, give? to tho tooth a peculiar arly whiteness, and a delightful fragranoo to tho breath. Groat Eastern Extended.— Tho manager, P. Slmnahan, reports under date March 18 :— Sinoo my last report I have sunk tho shaft 7 feet, total depth 44 foot. I out a bed of brown slate at a depth of 40 feet ; it is 2 feet thick. I am now sinking in black slaie.' The oountry is dipping about 1 in 3 aouth-eaBt. I would recommend I fc3 continue sinking for a fow feet farther bafore Btarling to orossout. Forth Louisa Extondod. -Tho manner, .T^Dunn. n parts under dato March 18:— Siuco my last roport the weaturn crosscut at tho 90 feot level has boon advanced 18 feet, total from tho shaft 110 feot. Tho oountry most of tho way Iibb boen grey rook, lyin« in floor8 rising very fast to tho west. Thoro havo boen a fow hoads parsed through with a little quarte on thora, which makes mo think the reef is not far off. Tho water is 60 foot bolow tho above level, and seems to bo lowering very slowly. 