AGTA PQPXJLL By the Flaneur. How sweet to stand, when tempests tear the main, On tho firm cliff, and mark tho seaman's toil ; Not that another's danger soothes the soul, But from such toil how sweet to feel secure. — Lucretius. One of these fine days or nights our lovely har bour -will be suddenly changed into a lovely aquatic cemetery, and hundreds of excited citizens will then clutch each other fiercely and shake away until their back teeth work loose as they indignantly ask — 'What did I always tell you ?' A few nights ago a Manly Beach and a Worth Shore boat endeavoured to shorten their trips by going through instead of round each other, the consequence being that something like 250 persons were scared worse than if they had been kicked by the Kiama Ghost, and the Shore boat went to the bottom with a prompti tude worthy of a far better cause. Luckily, how ever, timely assistance was at hand, and the half drowned passengers were fished out, and, as Mrs. Malaprop once remarked under similar terra firma circumstances, they probably 'thanked heaven to find themselves standing once more on vice versa.' Had the accident happened during the previous trip of these steamers fully 1000 persons would have been painfully interested, and one of the greatest calamities that ever shocked our community would have occurred. Time after time this danger has been predicted, but no one in authority has ever taken the slightest step towards averting it. Sydney Smith used to say that railway carriage doors would never be tin locked in England until a train caught fire and a bishop was cremated, and in like manner we can say that nothing will be done to remedy our dis graceful harbour arrangements until a ferry-boat is swamped and a Premier and half-a-dozen of his colleagues are drowned. I am a very poor salt-water pedestrian myself, and I find that although a harbour excursion is not exactly an inexpressibly hilarious affair, still, like castor-oil, it is very filling, and a little of it goes a remarkably long way indeed. The last time I braved the dangers of the raging main by a 20 minutes' voyage I was soundly struck by the easy devil-may-care style in which the crew handled our vessel, and the remarkable facilities that were offered to the 53 passengers on board to examine the geological formation of the bottom of our lovely harbour. Our boat, which was apparently built in the same dock as Noah's Ark, was like a badly broken horse, hard-mouthed on one side and soft on the other. There was only one life-buoy on board, and it was nailed down on the deck, for fear it would desert, I presume, and when the 40-cat power engine began to work the old tub trembled and bucked and groaned just as if it was suffer ing from a bad attack of fever and ague. 'For the first five minutes a duly-qualified captain steered the boat, but after that he called out — ' Here, Soapy, go f orred,' upon which he went below and took the sun by the aid of a square bottle holding about a quart. Soapy turned out to be a young wharf loafer aged 15, and he was probably christened Soapy on the lucus a non Incendo principle, for he looked as if he had never come in contact with soap since his nurse gave him his first and apparently only washing. A straw hat that had evidently fought at Waterloo, a dirty shirt, and trousers of the vintage of 1736, and a pair of still dirtier bare feet constituted Soapy's uniform, and as he stepped over seats and other fixings the passengers held their breaths with both hands in fear and trembling, and fervently prayed that the frail texture of his trousers would hold together until the voyage was ended. We were wholly in Scapy's hands for the rest of the trip, and certainly no pirate king could behave with more audacity than he did. The idea of altering the boat's course to avoid collision with passing vessels was a matter which he treated with supreme contempt. No matter how large or small the craft that was bearing down on us happened to be, Soapy's only action was to make a speaking trumpet of his hands and indignantly shout, ' Now, then, where the purgatory are you goin' to ?' but at times ho would vary this by sarcastically inquiring of the leader of a pleasure party launch if he ' hadn't better git out an' shove her.' In the centre of the harbour the ' Nanioi' passed so closely to us that our little shell bobbed about on the troubled waters like a cork, the pas sengers suddenly remembered 99 per cent, of their sins, and I begged Soapy to stop the steamer, and I'd gladly walk the rest of the passage. This happened twelve months ago, and I have never ploughed the briny ocean since, but from what I hear the dangers of the deep are even greater than they were then. As no one was drowned in the last collision, nothing decisive will be done to prevent a repetition of the fun, for our marine authorities evidently belong to that noble band who — ' Promise, pause, prepare, postpone ; And end by letting things alone.' Judging by recent advices this old globe of ours seems to be in a, remarkably unsettled state in deed. Anything more terrible than the recent earth quake disasters in the south of Europe could not be imagined even by the fertile mind of a cable correspondent. Some idea of the severity of the ' quakes' may be guessed from the fact that our gallant Prince of Wales, who was at Cannes at the time, went scooting home to his wife as soon as the first jolt was over. There are several wives in this colony who consider that if earth quakes would have a similar effect on all married men the Government should import half a dozen and fire them off during the coming Melbourne Cup-day carnival. Earthquakes, however, are not our only trouble. Europe at present resembles a mighty cask of treble F, gunpowder and Bis marck, Boulanger, the Czar, and divers other parties of importance are standing round with red-hot pokers m their hands ready to poke them into the cask and blow everything to glory at a moment's notice. But even this is not all. As tronomers have discovered that the earth is losing time. Through the sun's attraction, and the fric tion, so to speak, of the tides, our worn-out old globe, each year, revolves more slowly on its axis, and unless some of our wheel greasers come to the rescue it must i^ time stop revolving altogether. Should this event occur, there will be perpetual day in one part of the earth, and perpetual night in the other ; which will be somewhat awkward for those who are not accustomed to such an ar rangement. The danger is not imminent, how ever, for I find that the rate at which the globe is ' slowing down' only shortens the year by half a second in a century. There are more than 31 1 million seconds in a year, and therefore, if the earth ever does cease to revolve it will be more than 6000 million years before it comes to a dead stop. It would be an interesting sight to see, but I doubt if any of us will care to wait so long to enjoy the show. Sir Henry Parkes has got the ' doldrums,' and the doldrums, I may add, is a confusion of the head arising from a corruption of the heart. In stead of being the Heaven-sent statesman with a brand-new scheme for our financial redemption in his hat, he turns out to be nothing better than an unscrupulous old jackdaw, who goes hopping about from one political bird's nest to another, endea vouring to tap any eggs he finds, and appropriate their contents, if sound, for his own use and bene fit. It is now painfully apparent that he has no more policy than principle. Using the Daily Turncoat as a catspaw, he carefully felt to ascer tain how the people would stand the property tax idea which he stole from Dibbs, but finding they were getting ready to kick he drew back, made another raid on the ex-Treasurer's nest, and put out the two millions ' kite-flying ' notion in the hope that itwouldbe accepted before the theft was discovered. When Mr. Dibbs made the self-same suggestion some time ago, the people sent up such a universal howl that George E. said he'd rather attend four funerals in one day, and be a corpse on the fifth, than venture to talk of another scheme, and the first and loudest of those who fired off the howls was the Daily Turncoat itself. To-day it hails the notion as one inspired by the Goddess of Wisdom, but this brings no comfort to Sir 'Enry's soul, for he knows the true value of the alien journal's ruinous support, and he feels as troubled and sad as a man who is endeavouring to hold up a dead elephant with his own back. With that charming condescension and marvel lous modesty peculiar to itself, the Melbourne Age steps forth to our rescue and delicately hints that we could put an end to all our troubles at one fell swoop, as it were, by selling Eiverina to Victoria for a sum sufficient to put us on our legs again. Where Victoria would raise the cash if the offer were accepted is not stated, but in all probability the next suggestion from our cheeky sister would be that we should not only sell Eiverina to her but lend her the cash to pay for it as well. The Age's idea is not original, however, for the annexation of Eiverina by Victoria was mooted over twenty years ago. The generous proposal was, however, treated by us with what Sir 'Enry would call ' aughty scorn,' and as we have since then gone to the trouble and expense of building a railway to Riverina, it is hardly likely that we will make an Esau's-birthright bargain with Victoria to-day. If the cabbage gardeners really v/ish to pull us through our difficulties, however, let them pur chase Sir Henry Parkes from us at Ids own valua tion, and we will then be entitled to style our selves the Crcesus of the colonies. We stand in more dread from pretended friends than we do from open enemies. For a quiet arcadian little district Shoalhaven seems to have enjoyed quite a heap of electioneer ing hilarity, some of the official utterances of the returned candidate, Mr. W. F. Martin, being funny enough to make the fortune of any Christy Minstrel company in existence. Mr. Martin had a secret to reveal, and he revealed it in all its re pulsive nakedness while he was about it. ' The name of W. F. Martin is a household word in this land/' was the modest opening to his speech, and it was received with cries of 'No, no,' and counter shouts of 'Yes, yes.' 'It was said,' continued the candidate, 'that at the last elec tion I was too sick and lame to represent you, but Fin all right now.' (Good, old boy ! Tho whiskey's stickin' to yer.) Then came tho secret, '?' Mr. M'Mjllan, one of tho elecb of Eaat Sydney, came to my office,' said Mr. Martin, ' and asked me to stand for that electorate also. (You knew a derned sight better.) I deny that. I said I would not stand for the place, and yet they came to me with .£750 to pay my expenses, and begged me to stand, and retrieve tho great blunder which had been made by my previous rejection, and they also requested me to stand for Morpeth and Gloucester, but I said No, I would refuse to stand for any place, and shortly after I decided to put up for Shoalhaven.' (Chuck it, old man, or you'll lose your 40 green backs.) Just here, Mr. Martin threw away a cigar stump which one of the free and independent caught and started to smoke, upon which the Opposition candidate, one Mr. Lovegrove, asked the Eeturning Officer if that wasn't bribery ! The E. O. said he didn't think so, as it was only a colonial six-a-shillin' cigar and no enlightened elector would sell a vote as cheaply as that. If the offer by Mr. M'Millan of ,£750 to Mr. Martin is true, however, it would seem that something very like bribery must have been carried on somewhere, for unless the hon. member for Shoalhaven is a phenomenally big cater he could not possibly have required so much for genuine expenses. He refused it, however, and more honour to him. Will the Freetraders who spent nothing kindly explain. Catching his second wind, Mr. Martin denied with indignant scorn the cowardly, base, and devilish report circulated to the effect that he had taken the chair at a meeting against the Butter Co. Touching the land question, he was no advo cate of extreme measures, but he was in favour of burning the present Land Act and hanging all those who passed it. The Civil Service wanted clearing out. He knew heaps of men with stuck up collars and lots of jam who were doing nothing and who were sent into office by the Tramway ring. Between Sydney and Summer Hill the train stops regularly opposite a private house to let out Mr. Day, M.L.A., the brotherin law of Mr. Lyne. He (Mr. Martin) was brought up in the Presbyterian church, and so far from interfering] with other denomina tions he had actually summonsed his own clergy man for slander in order to uphold principle and fair play. Mr. Martin's speech was funny all through, and he was elected by a majority of 55 ;? his opponent, Mr. Lovegrove, attributing his own defeat to the fact that he came too late in the field. His posters had miscarried also, and when he went to Milton, instead of seeing his own gorgeous specimens of the printer's art decorating the walls, all that he could discover was a lot of posters requesting the public to ' go bo Pickering for boots.' Altogether the Shoalhaven tussle was a real lively affair, and even if the electors get nothing else they certainly have had plenty o£ fun for their money. When our respected Inspector of Nuisances has nothing better to do he should call round and re port on the sanitary condition of Sandringham Palace and Windsor Castle. Battenberg of Bul garia put up at one of those places for a day and the result is he has caught a bad attack of what the doctors in their wisdom declare to be either typhoid fever, or small pox or something else. And when we come to con sider that it may be our own fate to lodge in the palace or castle one of these days, we can't be too particular about the cleanliness of those places. The fact that the doctors differ about Battenberg'a trouble is nothing1 new, however ; for doctors have differed ever since they were first invented. In fact, there is nothing new (and very little that's true) under the sun to-day. It is now proved that Othello, instead of being a Venetian, was an Irishman ; the correct way of writing his name being O'Thello, and he was, so to speak, the (Tom) Moor of Venice. And, apropos to Irish affairs, I find that the boycotting business is as old as the hills also. It was the custom o£ Ephesus in that city's palmy days to keep a strict eye on protection, and whenever a strange craftsman, who excelled in a particular degree in the working of silver arrived, the vigilance com mittee of the silversmith guild used to erect before the shop-door of the new coiner a gallows, to which was attached a written intimation to the effect that if the alien workman valued his health at all it would be wise on his part to go and excel elsewhere. As a rule, ho left, but when he didn't he was either found accidentally drowned, or else the Ephesians removed one end of him, and, generally speaking, it was the end that held his head on. When the Ejjhesians started to boycott a man he was never in doubt as to the sincerity of their intentions. After a careful consideration of the matter I have come to the conclusion that if any man in Australia threw 13 buckets of water in succession out of a top-story window, and then came down to look around for results, he would find that he had wet, at least, 12 fellow-citizens, each of whom had a totally distinct and wonderfully idiotic idea as to what is the best means of celebrating the Queen's Jubilee year. My own notion is that the proper thing to do would be to knock down all the lunatic asylums, and let all the madmen and madwomen loose, for it seems to be the height of folly to look up a few ' cranks ' and allow so many others to be at large, and flood the papers with their jaokass notions about tb.Q ? Jubilee. In the midst of the mountain of Blush, ' however, there is a pearl in the shape of a sug gestion thrown out by Mr. Frederic Jones, of Pitt- street. Mr. Jones writes to the Mayor, and he says : ' I write earnestly, trusting that the shrewd common sense of Mr. Eiley will be proof against the numerous suggestions for a silly waste of money that are being made. Assinine members of this community believe that feasting, fire works, and statue raising are the only legiti mate celebration methods. I utterly differ from them.' Might I also add, ' and so do all of us ' ? Mr. Jones's notion is simply this — erect dwellings for working men, after the plan of the famous ' Pea body' buildings in London, on the sites of the vile sweltering hovels which now exist here, and where, amidst the ever-clanging yell of strife, the filthy by-lane rings with the shrieks of the trampled wife. We all know these places do exist, but what have we done to remove them ? Echo answers, 'Nothing.' We are ever willing to plank our pound in a bogus ' sweep consultation' or a ' wild cat' mine, but when a genuine ven ture to enrich our poor, and at the same time in crease our own dividends is offered we do not seem to be at home. Rent is the millstone which hangs round the workman's life to-day, and any thing which tends to relieve him of the weight must be a blessing. It is a matter, too, on to which each moneyed man should hang, unless he would care to play the part of Cain Secundus and say— ' Don't tell me of the pauper brood Who daily cry for a crust of food, The badly-clothed or the evil-shocd Or tired men, beneath the sod, In graves where they g-et their house-room cheaper. Don't tell of the white, wan faces, The dirty-lodgiug-s and crowded places, 'Where Poverty i»rins and and Sin grimaces Well—' Am I my brother's keeper ?' ' Certainly not, my dear Crcesus ; but look you, ' read Frederic Jones's letter and you'll find ' there's millions in it.' If we can't appeal to your charity, surely we can strike a vein in your breeches pocket. Catch on to the Jones proposal ; erect those dwellings, and you will not only turn in your shent per shent, but who knows but the suffering poor may actually rise up and bless you. Or, if this is too strong for your sensitive nerves, suppose you sing with the bard again and sigh — What ! come and help you say ? Oh no ! Some men of coarser grain may go, 'Twould break me down to see such woe. Have you no shepherd for your sheep, sir ? . An honest missionary say, — A Biblewomau. By the way, ' : I'm rather out of cash to-day, .?:?': Or I would give a trifle. Pray Loot in again ! I'll help to pay ; To keep my brother's keexDer. * * :» :S « *?'-??* And the poor man fainting cries— -c Much good that same will do me.' 