SCEATCHINGS IN THE CITY. HSt A Pencil.] That every line which vnitten here may lie Go to Its mark straight and ipeixmgly; •n hinWli Ml A fiarlvlmun mu^u VC^IOUA , T3iat'<»ndsmnstioii sever go unsought; . That, cnfc^irtJirufifc or lend approving cheer, Aim-sifly ]ge honest, tkoi^ic ana pmpose clear. I wonder if it is a sio'to till some sorts of iiUO-libJ'a?' Woald tte law touch yon if yon imbrued yonf' fiteds in thicir blood? I don't ask whether stern Justice would punish yoa If jos hftpponod to ho s wcftlthy siwi-with * friend in position. Of course, stern Justiee would not ; hut I mean would the blind Goddess hart yon if you were only an ordinary body ? Iwantto know, because, getting to bed at abbot 2 o'clock lest Saturday morning, I was awakened at half-past 5 by a thun derons hammering at the front door. Imme diately afterwards arose a babbling of small boyish -voices, one in peculiarly strident tones, counselling me in some such varied phrase and pitch as this i— PT.EASE to re-MEM-be r The FIFTH of HorYEMAer - GUN-powder, TREASON ana PLOT-T-T • Bnshingto the door iajpyjamas, I saw scat tend about upon the lawn-grasB half- a-score blue«oosed, grinning and yelling little urchins, dancing like mad imps around a Guy Fawkes in a perambulator. Such a wonderful Cfuy Fbwkes! Made of straw and Tags, with a one-legged trousers, no shirt, a woman* s hat, a boot at the end'of one leg, a slipper at the terminus of the other, and. an <dd coat old enough, disreputable, enough, threadbare enough, surely to be the very covering that Joseph had—" the coat of many colours," with the colours long since washed out! I was about to poor a full rial of wrath upon the clamorous little rascals, when one of them said appealing!?, doubtless frightened by the wild fire which sparled in my eye. "Please, don't get waxy s Guy Fawkes is Gay Fawkes, and jou was young yourself once —eh ? Gie's a penny each," Well, well, my soft old heart melted be fore long. I even eondeaoended to stroke the of the Guy Fawkes — an act which was rewarded by shriekB of delight from my motley audience. I paid the tax . demanded — paid it vicariously by Caking all the pennies I ooald find in my wife's purse and throwing them out of the window. I fane? I made myself popular with the brass-throated proprietors of the Guy Fawkes, because one of them remarked enthusiastically— * "Well, I'm bleBfc, yon are a good old eodger, yoti are:" I understand that that is highly complimentaiy Guy Fawkes language. The whole lot, too, as a special mark of favor, sang before they went several verses relating to the adventures of the insurrec tionary hero of old times, and cheered me ■until £ pearly fancied myself somebody 1 Growing cool by and by, I began to think of the exceeding foolishness of-this observance of Guy Fawkes Day—a day which would soon pass even out of memory but for the adver tisements of small tradesmen, who annually make first-rate profits hy. the sale of fireworks. One seller alone took over £50 on Friday and . Saturday. Yet we remember none the less the eagerness with which jibe return of the anniversary was awaited when we were boy# -—how we spent oar money like little princes in securing the proprietorship of crackers and jumping jacks—bow sadly we burnt our fin gets and spoilt bur alotheB—how we got up early to hawk the Guy Fawkes—how we stayed out late to eat potatoes roasted is the bonfire ashes, and to hear ghost stories which made ®s shiver, and fear to walk to oar homes exoept in force of numbers 1 Ah! but there are bitter checkerings In the memory. Once I acted as Guy Fawkes. Three small boys besides myself were not blessed with pocket-money one year, and we to trust to our own ingenious devices to obtain our customary pleasure. We could only rake together after all a little straw, one old boot, a waistcoat, a mask, and a hat; and even you, sir, shouldn't make a decent money earning <Juy Fawkes out of those poor things. So we decided that one of ourselves must be enthroned upon oar borrowed wheelbarrow as the celebrity of the anniversary, and the other three unanimously elected me to the position. Miserable little flatterers! They I looked the part so naturally that even if I hadn't the Guy Fawkes mask to wear »obody hardly would be likely to. know the ! I have since begun to wonder whether they were not sarcastic! Immediately after my accession to the wheelbarrow throne J was hawked by the bearers to a house kept by a very cross sort, of old Comishman, who peculiarly disliked to have noises about his place. The barrow was placed close to this person's doorstep, whilst the vocalist of our party began to warble the usual hymn appro priate to tbe occasion. He hadn't got beyond the " Bemember " before the door was flung open in a hurry, and therefrom, rushed the irascible old owner of the placet remarking, ip a vicious sort of way— V"Bemember! Oh, yes, fll remember, you young dogs !'* I grieved to see that he was very warm, indeed, and that be had on his feet thick boots and la his muscular light hand a nasty, heavy horsewhip. My comrades ran off, bearing upon their skins certain souvenirs commemo rative of their meeting with this Cornishman In his auger, and then he manifested an especial interest in me, Z was motionless from terror, and 1 believe the hot- tempered fellow thought at first that I was a real Gny Fawkes. He (has regarded me as a work of art for an instant. Sat the trace ended soon. He punched my mask with each vfciousnese that it became a wreck at oncoj and if my face J^ad before the encounter entitled me to high distinction as a personator of the conspirator, joy fitness for the position was now immeasur ably increased. % don't want to meet a cross Cornishman again, though this old fellow, when befoundthatlwasmadeof flesh and blood,and not of straw *nd r»ga,hecameBuddenly as tender handed and as soft-hearted as a women. He dressed my hurta. He even gave me a whole shilling for myself} so that the last end of my Guy Fawkes experiences was better than my first! " _ I realty fBar ihftt Jfcb^ small boys-^-dtsloyal little scamps—were more interested in the observance of Guy Fawkes dray than in the celebration of the birth-anniversaiy on Novem ber 9 of His Most Royal Highness the Puissant and Ferlect Prince of Wales. But so far as the people were concerned rarely have we had guch a holiday as this same Wednesday on which I' am now writing. The weather up to noon was perfect, and the amusements provi ded were arranged upon a veiy sensible basis. The procession of the Friendly Societies "was one of the most pretentious I have seen in this oolony. There filed between two lines of about ten thoasaud spectators crowds of Odd fellows and Foresters, and Druids (in blaqk and red beards and white gowne and - red gowns), and Bechabites, and-—I don't know what. One of the district of Bechabites refused to join in the movement because the sale of intoxicating drinks was allowed on the Oval whither the steps of the procession tended and where sports and general jollification were j held. The Military, too, turned out, or rather a poor percentage of them did—less than one-sixth of the Mounted Infantry and the other arms .of the Force in proportion. This miserable result was due partly to. apathy and it was partly on account of permission having been given to the'Volunteers who were members of friendly societies to absent them selves. A notable sight early in the morning was that of Attorney-General Corporal C. C. Kingston turning out with the full blaze of his military honors sparkling brightly upon him. 