General News. A young farmer in Oregon, of scholarly tastes, determined to go East and get ed ucated. He resolved to enter the Harvard Law School. He was speakins of this pur pose to a minister, who endeavoured to dis suade him by saying, ' My boy, the Apostle Paul has taught us that in whatsoever state we are, we should therewith be content.' 'I know that , sir,' replied the youth, respectfully, ' 'jut if the Apostle Paul had lived in the S .te of Oregon, he wouldn't have lived up to I » principles as long as I have.' The Register has a paragraph proving that i .eds of the tobacco plant imbedded beneath a stump in a paddock at Athelstone retained their vitality for 45 years. The stump having been removed by means of gunpowder, the plants sprung up around the excavation. This is worth taking a note of, as it shows that a long period of careful farming is necessary to eradi cate weeds fron the soil. The plough con tinually buries the seeds to a considerable depth, where they lie dormant, and upon being brought to the surface they germinate and can then be destroyed or prevented from seeding. Mr. Labouchere, in Truth, says : — *' I find that Lord Balfour, of Burleigh, who was re cently appointed Lord-in -Waiting, will npt have a single day of duth this year, so he will have absolutely nothing to do in return for his saloiy of ^700. This is a sample of the ex travagant system on which every department of the Royal Household is arranged. I was told a few days ago by an individual who is in a position to know the facts that not less than j£30,ooo a year could be easily saved to the country if the household were reorganised in accordance with the modified arrangements which have prevailed since the death of the Prince Consort, and that neither the State nor the comfort of the Sovereign would be effected in any way.' There is in existence in France, at Heroup Meurthe-et-Moselle, an agricultural orphanage, where, on about 35 acres, are cultivated by the orphan girls and their mistresses the vine, hops, tobacco, fruit trees and vegetables, while there is a department for the sale of slips and young plant to the neighbours; and among the awards by the Society of French Agriculturists at their recent session was a gold medal to this orphan age in recognition of its success. In giving their medal the society made it known that they regarded this as a model institution. It seems probable that the Ministry of Agricul ture will send a scientiflc mission to the United States to determine which is the best and most suitable grape for the chalky soils ol France. A Launceston telegram to the Sydney Even ing News, dated May 20, says : — 'A scandal has been in circulation here for some time, to the effect that poison was administered to a lady who died here recently, and that some of the contents of a bottle of champagne, said to have been sent to the lady by a friend, had been analysed and found to contain arsenic Paragraphs appeared last week in sections of the Launceston and Hobart press in reference to the matter. In one of these the following statement was made : — ' Enquiry has led to the report that the lady did not take any of the champagne, and it is very questionable whether the poison was inserted by the donor ; so much so that the authorities hesitate to institute a criminal charge.' The territorial police have now taken the matter up, and to-day an infor mation was laid against a local resident, charging him with having, in Launceston, on or about March 28, attempted to cause to be administered to one Emily Holbourne Reed, poison, that is to say, arsenic, in wine, with intent to do murder. The parties are well connected people in Tasmania, and the affair is creating a great sensation.' The Side we do Not See. — A well known Austrian military writer has written a pamphlet giving an imaginary description of ' How the French conquered Britain in 18S8.' He is evidently no believer in the power of England, for (remarks the London correspondent of the Argus) he details how in the space of two months the British navy is swept off the ocean, England invaded and conquered, and the British Empire disin tegrated. Australia's refusal to acquiesce in le French occupation of the New Hebridies recipitates the quarrel which results so disas tously. Instigated by the furious protests of he colonies, Lord Salisbury demands explan ations, which the French Government refuse and declares war against England on July 2, iSSS. Several grer.t naval engagements are quickly fought, invariably to the disadvantage of the English, who find that the French sailors art better informed and better trained than they are, with faster, better armed, and better protected ships. The last British fleet is destroyed on Augnst 2, and London capitu lates on the iSth. The terms of peace in clude the cession to France of all important British possessions in the English Channel, the Mediteranean, Red Sea, and Pacific, except Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, which abjure their allegiance and proclaim themselves independent republics. Varied Accomplishments of an* Arm less Max. — There recently died at Potsdam, St Lawrence County, N.Y., Richard Donovan, who was in some respects one of the most re markable men in Northern New York. Twenty years ago, when a boy, Donovan worked in a flour mill. One day he was caught in a belt and received injuries that necessitated taking ofi both arms at the shoulders. This misfor tune did not discourage him, and after recover ing his health, he set about earning his own livelihood as best he could without the use of hands or arms. Part of the time he had lived clone, and from the necessity of helping him self he became wonderfully adept in perform ing all kinds of work, using his feet and mouth principally. He owned a horse, of which he took the entire care, harnessed it, fastened and unfastened the buckles wuh his teeth, and drove with the reins tied round his shoulders. Being in need of a waggon, he bought wheels and axles, and built a box buggy and painted it. He went to the barn one winter day and built a cow stable, sawing the timber with his feet, and, with the hammer in one foot and holding the nail with the other, he nailed the boards on as well as most men could do with their hands. He dug a well twelve feet deep on a farm ia this town, and stoned it himself. He could mow away hay by holding the fork under his chin, and letting it rest against his shoulder. He would pick up potatoes in a field as fast as a man could dig them. He would dress himself, get his meals, write his letters, and in fact do almost anything that any man with two arms could do. — Boston Transcript. Russian Post-Office Morals. — The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily News Br.3 tthat a diplomatist who recently had occa sion to examine the way in which the cabinet noir of the Imperial Government conducts the examination of suspected letters passing through the Post-Office has given him the following in formation on the subject : — '* Letters which are only gummed are only opened in the black cabinet without the slighest difficulty and within a few seconds ; a little boiler is in readiness, and a jet of steam is directed upon the gummed part of the letter. In this way the gum is immediately loosened and the secrets in the letter are at the disposal of the Government officials. Sealed letters do not present much more difficulty. Formerly they employed a composition of gypsum and othei ingredients, which, being pressed upon the seal, left an impression. The gypsum hardens in a short time. Meanwhile an official cuts the seal through with a heated knife, the steam is employed as above described, and the letter read and re-enclosed in the envelope, which is then sealed with a fa!se 'gypsum seal. Bat tliis process does not give quite satisfactory results, as it does not always leave a distinct impression. They therefore' have invented a new composition of lead and tin, which is colled into sheets of a certain thickness. These sheets are cut into square pieces and laid upon the seal. With a slight blow of a mallet the composition receives the impression of the seal in a distinct shape, and can afterwards be em ployed as often as necessary. It once happened that the postmaster was ordered to take the impression on the seal of a letter which was directed to the Embassy. Unfortunately, through absence of mind, both the copy and the letter were re- enclosed in the envelope. It is said that when the Embassy complained to the Post-Office authorities the functionary who had made the unlucky mistake was called to bis chief and received a very severe reprimand in the following words : — ' If such a thing happens again you will immediately be dis missed.' But nobody knows whether th«; reproof was administered on account of his laving opened the envelope or for his clumsi ness in having enclosed the copy with the letter.' Cofsee and its Effects. — New .York lias a doctor who has busied himself lately writing pithy articles on some of die baptized svils ef society. His latest manifesto is on ' How coffee affects people ;' and the aim of the paper is to show that coffee is one of the most powerful drugs in the list of medicines. The proof its power as a drug is shown by the fact that it is used to a greater extent than any other as an antidote for poisons, both animal and vegetable. He urges that he does not desire to reach the ear of the public in general, but of those who have pains in the region of the heart, oppressed breathing and an irregular pulse ; those who are exceedingly nervous and unable to sleep at night ; those who have a full feeling, dizziness and pains of a neuralgic . character in the head ; who have nausea and sournes of the stomach without having trans gressed the laws of life ; who have pains in the liver, a yellow skin with eyes of the same sort ; and lastly, who have hemorrhoids. If the doctor supposes he has left out one or. two of all creation from his list \\\& may ,ltje right, but he is certainly mowing 'a rrtvide swath, and may honestly say that he' is after the ear of the public. To these he offers one suggestion. Omit coffee for a time, throw physic to the dogs, and find out if the trouble after all, is not in the drug used as a beverage.. In moderate doses coffee raises the blood pressure and accelerated the heart. Now says the doctor, heart disease is in the main an easily prevented disease, and it is very fre quently due to the excessive use of coffee. He enumerates several instances where he had been called in to prescribe, and had found his patients given up to die, but there was really nothing the matter but the breakfast drug. He wisely suggests that in this day of sudden deaths we are called upon to review our methods of eating and living, in order to get at the cause or causes. 'The heart and brain require rest as well as other organs ef the body.' If the vessels in the head are kept dis tended we have as a warning, dizziness and pain, and, if the warnings are unheeded, apo plexy. So with the heart. So short are its intervals of rest when beating at seventy-two to eighty -four, that we can hardly conceive it. Add to this the stimulus that sends it up to ninety, and we must produce disease. He concludes that for our regular meals and at evening parties we should substitute the simpler cocoa or bouillon, and escape danger. — Exchange. How Long to Sleep. — The latest authority on this vexed question, Dr. Malins, says that the proper amount of sleep to be taken by a man is eight hours. So far as regards city life this is probably correct. Proverbial wisdom does not apply to modern conditions of social existence. ' Five hours for a man, seven for a woman, and nine tor a pig,' says one proverb; and a second, quoted by Mr. Hazlitt in his ' English Proverbs,' declares that 'Nature requires five, custom gives seven ; laziness takes nine, and wickedness eleven.' These conclusions were, however drawn from observations of country life. Physical fatigue is more easily overcome than intellectual. Which of us, when travelling in the country or abroad, or in any way separated from the ordinary processes of thought and anxiety, has not found that he could, without difficulty, do with a couple of hours less sleep than he was in the habit of taking? Men, however, who follow any intellectual pursuit are exceptionally fortunate if the process of restoration occupy less than seven hours. Goe the owned to requiring nine. Soldiers and sailors, on the other hand, like labouring men, do with much less quantitv. I am afraid to say how lew hours the Duke of Wellington regarded as essential. A schoolmaster under whom I once studied, a hardworking man at the acquisition of languages, proclaimed loudly that he never took more than five hours sleep. The hour at which he rose in the morn ing gave some colour to this assertion. Only in atter life did I discover that a two hours post-prandial siesta was not included in that allowance. One night recently a very pleasant ' wake' was being observed in Glasgow,- when a terribly hollow, sepulchral voice in the chimney asked, 'Am I right?' The assembled ' mourners' did not wait to answer the question, but vanished like startled kan garoos. Once outside, a council of war was held ; and it was decided to secure the services of a policeman to 'lay the ghost.' A gallant constable was found at last, who was willing to undertake the grim task. Drawing his truncheon, he boldly entered the chamber. An appalling sight met his eyes. The shroud covering the body was jet black, the face of the deceased was the (sombre tone of a negro delineator's. A dusky mist floated through the room, and horrid noises were wafted down the chimney. The gallant constable pressed forward to the hearth, poked his head up the shaft, and dicnvered that a sweep was the cause of the mystery. He had been ordered to clean the veiit in the rooms adjoining, and, working from the roof, had selected the wrong chimney. The officer has not been decorated with the Albert medal as yet, but, being Jubilee year, perhaps he may be.— Fun. M aster — What ! are you mad or am I ? Man-servant — I should think your honour had more sense than to keep a mad servant. 'Well, what is it, Nora?' 'Indade, mum, the water's cold,' ' What water ?' ' The hot water, mum.'— Boston Common ?wealth. It iz highly important that when a man makes up hiz mind tew beeum a raskal. he should examine hizself clusly, and and see if he ain't better konstrukted for a phooL — Josh Billings. A youngster was one day taken to a lake, and was told that the foam covered waves he saw were called white-caps. On his return home his father said : ' Well Oscar what did you see at the lake?' 'Oh, I saw some water-hats.' General Boulanger has decided that in the future no officer in the French Army shall be allowed to have in his service any foreigner of eithet sex. The decree is aimed at the governess of General Davoust's children, who has been discovered to be the wife of a Prussian officer. The path of truth is a plain and safe path ; 1 the path of falsehood is a perplexing maze. After the first departure from sincerity, it is not in your power to stop. One artifice un avoidably leads on to another, till, as the intricacy of the labyrinth increases, you are left entangled in your own snare. 