CAULFTELD TRAINING NOTES. Monday. Tbe morning tm Monday was close and dull and very little work was done. Connolly was the first to com mence operations. Belzebab and Upper Crnst ran a strong six furlongi on tho grass. Lady.Ashton, Banker, The Loafer, Geraldlno and others of this team were dolh'g healthy exercise on tbe tan. Campbell bad a trio at work, viz., Lord Allen, Blondin and Agnes— the lattOr, wHO is looking well, worked on the tan. High land Chief, who met with an accident, has been trebled tb' a spell, M. Mor&n; sent the steeplechaser Phenomenon long useful exercise onftbo tan, Walter, Victor and'Symbol being similarly treated. Foulshara, who hta got a large string together- at present, scat Silvermine twice round the tan in company with GentUUy et a good sharp canter ; the son of Napoleon seems to go a bit sore. Msnnion went loog slow work. -Koh.al, lipjcwoo, Lady LotcII, Chicago -and others went mlhJ.cxerc/je. Gfiantet.ond Solo aro tornod out. Mark Thompson. treated, Phaon and Faugb-a-Boliagh to a Strang round on the tan; Gipsy's Warning, who is on thqjbig sjdc, being rg?trict£d to plow pace exercise. .Bencc gayp Footpan a strong round on the tan, Gildv doing elmil&r; work, Cadiaud, Berkley and First Pop doing ordinary.. work... Barton, who has charge of Batty's qoraes dpiiog. his absence In Tasmania, sent Hazard, Bushman and Kordcnfeldt good serviceable work ; tlj? former looka and goes well. Little Jack, in the same stable, also moved along quietly; Davis had David, Dargo, Dexter and Meerschaum working at intervals.. , Caniorine has been treated to a quiet spell. King sent the greatly improved Fused long slow paco exercise., on the tan, while his new addition, Reticent, pottered - along gently on tho sand. JcneB sent Lizctte long useful work on thotan. Louis II, Vlolqt, Mia Mia and Dpogalston all went useful work. Smith's Miss Harkie cantered. Roberts's trio, viz., Cricket/ ratienco and Snider were cantering and sDUiilnff on tba tan. Reld't Graca Darling.. Hnt ii-nn Tho Ghost, Kitty Fisher, Baron, Empress, Marlborough and others of his team were pottering along gently. KoJly scat tha-Susscx. horse -about 3 miles on thotan. Anarchy and the remainder of tbo team were doing good useful work. W-- Moron treated Little John, Jim Colli, Jock and- the colt by. Hamlet, out of Edella, to pace exercise on tbo tan. Leak's Master John was led on a back. Kenneth, Beckwlth and Dargin were re stricted to mild exercise. Carbcr had the Sydney Cup winner, Favo doing useful work on tbe ton. Sydney strode along nicely. Ambassadress eantercd. Hsrier had Uncss, Forsaken, Nectarine and Julian Gray doing useful work. There was a host of Others on' the course, but slow- pace exercise was the order of the morning. Dougalston. Cadland and Footman leave to-day to fulfil their Sale engagements Tuesday. Tho morning opened very showery on Tuesday, but notwithstanding tbe majority of the Newmarket candi dates put In an appearance and worked. Slark Thomp son was the first to set the ball rolling by sending Phaon, Faugh-a-Ballagh and Gipsy's Warning singly for a round on tho grass, the former is a nice mover. Campbell started Blondon and Lord Alien off from tbe mile post on tho course proper, but when the 5 furlong post was reached the latter, with M. O'Brien up, pulled off and allowed his compoinlon to go on and finish. Agnes brushed over 5 furlongs in nice style. Foul- sham gave Marmion three turns on tho tan, Increasing the pace the last time round. Sllvermlne went nalf R600 . cx®rcIs0 ia company with Gentility. Uonulo Doon brushed along over 6 furlongs. Rosewood, Kobe!, Fernandez ana Lady Lovell were all working at intervals. Fusee went three ports pace on the sand. Berkley and the colt by Liberator spirted half a mile on tho tan. Leek sent Beckwlth and Master John a strong 6 fnrlongs, the pair going free and well. Kenneth and Miss Farnell rattled over the same distance, r Jrst rop, Cadland, Gildyand Chandos all went useful work. -Harper's 2-year-olds, Nectarine, Carnival and Julian Gray were cantering, winding up with a brush from tbo home turn on the course proper. Uncas circled a round or two on tho grass for good work. Newmaster compassed 6 furlongs in fair time GasbnrnerandLitUeJim worked on the tan. Davis's pair, Dargo and David wero working in company on tho ton. Burton gave Hazard good strong work on the tan. Unshman and Nordenfeldt strode along for a round on the tan. Jones s string, consisting of lizettl, Louis II. Violet, Surprise, Mia, Llddington, Epicurean and Dela- rala were cantering on the grasa and tan. Owing to the lnclcmeucy of the weather, several trainera had not put In an appearanco up to the time of my leaving. The foLowing horses took their departure for Sale, yester- day Dexter, Meerschaum and the ifercurv flllv This morning King left with Footnwn and DoSsfom Co£ nollyelioleft with Roy, Upper Crust, and Beelzebub. h£?wJSh5Jn.fi' 1 10,0 P' Ke«F'» .Ixblo. After flrVfttil'Dsfc GUdjr ima First Fop rxa a ibxrp wr5f !m WoJnud«y morning for work, but owing to Silo races taking place there waa mp n toaUcnilnncoon tho courea Work com- raencedjhortly before 6 o'clock. Leek being the first to ?® W»M»lon ofthe tan; he started by sending r#,fc Bedtirith,' with a light weight up, ran « uacfol round, the boy baring !a good rnli p,„'?L. ut5r J"llI, xtrode along on tho tan. Mlas Farnell cantered. . Connolly's jumpers, Lady Ash- extended or"ki tr> Banker and TCikUrt were muS? wi.hr.W,caVl1' ton, .ColUni sent New- on, long useful work on tho tan. bSSST lirffSJ ?hon» W's Warning and Faugh-a bauau.trolting aad cantering oa tho ton, tbo first namea winding up by brushim? half pace. King's pair, FuseO eml RiSu . r0floi si Reld'a team all trotted and cantered "nter«. ton on Tacsday.' Bar One and Litholo»ud 4 four furlongs. Hot Iron beat i Srare lh«? round on the gross. The Ghost wS g ®rs Marlborough and Kitty Fisher ran J , 011 ml of the West and Jim Cata aSoS,"lo»0- E& graaa at a good working gallon thtim'"1®tt' tT R"n " P'nionthl Z&W; Tt' Little John traversea three ronmi. 21 prorlng the paco each round. O&r.; J .m"11' ls'' were doing halfjpace exerclso on Iheuni r.h, Ambassadress a spin over fivn while Sydney wen? tC? " ? moyod along gently. Davis's pair Dm „F,« put to a couple of turns on tho tan W mi1, Dl«i canter. Foulaliam bad nlong string mlno end Gentility, who, alter uuttlnJ i; ""' place exercise strodo along for 1 '.r four fnrlongs. Tho former went » w Lady Lovell and Abydos trotted on the tani iHrt wont threo or four mild tnms ontho tm B: Kola< Marmion, Bonnie Doon and Chicago wsrr .n 0SI|« along on tho tan. Harper's Carnival mnlB» fresh and well, brushed along over a Sis Julian Gray Nectarine, UntSsaTd? ?.e> man, all worked on the tan at Interval! Eo'!- laclndlng the now arrival, Lord Cochrane i! <10' nlco looking horse, trotted and canterrt. Berkley. First Pop, Cadland, Gild/and 111 colt cantering and spurting at interval. \n tor ran a fair round on the tan. Ti.nJ!.1 Sftkh man and tbo bay horse not named f St0c on the tan. Campbell's lot: Agnes strS.ilK sis« suar3S; pace. Faugh-a-Ballagh put ia a strong rornfl 5 tan. Vanacrbilt, srho Is improving, was . opener on the sand. Revenge and the remiJaP IS Kelly's team eantercd. Berkley and CsdS l J 01 along on the tan. First Pop aid GIM v VsnSt' -1 left for Queenscllff .this' morning " y t was extended over two miles on ibe uS iS Harerd and Stockman were given mcEi 1 ¥ I Marmion wax treated to slow pacer,!,? on tne tan. Sllvermlne end Gcntlliw I strict ed to threo turns on tho tan at a good shi-,VV,t I Rosewood cantered, while Kohal strode alon/u?? I quarter pace exercise. Lonli II. and Epicurean hX I homo from tho ftwloag post. Llrotto,PXi"?f and wolh gafioped once round tho tan. violet ,. K I sharp half mile. Loniso Bcrta canto, cd Jdr ff1' also did her aUbla companion, LHdlngton. AliSS Lady Lovell were striding along on tlie sad, former nnshippod his rider. Ncwraaster. Gs,Vnr«rS Poor J!m were working at Intervals. Johsn Cm who la a bit of a puller, went a useful roanl jfj steeplechaser by Boatman went long slow work i. m tho remainder of this team. David and Darn wrt serviceable work on tho aand. Dargin sad I i« PornoU were given three rounds on 11: tin a very mild canter. Patience, Cricket sod Sfe were given long usefnl worn on n. £ Ulondln ran a strong mtlo on the tan t hi: stable t s. panioa, Highland Chief, who Is recovcilne Iron it, accident ho mot with, cantered. Lord Allen craiatl winding up with a aharp half mile. Hot Iron, itmj panted by Grace Darling, jumped off from the ah> fa. long post and went on to the mile, where the stwd vu put on : the pair went on till the four furloae pat ra reached, where Kitty Fisher was waiting tob, iagdi former home, which was done la verv road tin, iv« Caulfield Cop winner easing off a couple oi furlongs from homo. Ambassador and Lady MarVIe ttopustl five furlongs In fair time, tho former having ths nxtti say at the finish: After amour, Chicago had a lot the be! era tab Doon in a six fnrlong epin. Hanker, Nabockllsh sal Lady Aahton pottered along gently. Kenneth dH m appear on the track this morning; I hear he Is suffer, ing from a alight attack of rheumatism. I cotiad Trenton doing walking exercise. Uncss. with into up, put In two rounds on the grass, the last at i pit strong working pace. Nectarine, Csrulrsl and fit- saken ran a merry five fnrlongs. J Im Caiu sad Kegel tho West, after c ntcring on the tau, weal on to tti grass and ran a useful mile. Jack was glren loo; tut- lul work ou tho tan. Phenomenon, Gracclu, tioiu and others of this team wero doing alow pa exercise! 