" 'heL ?oniantce of a Bottle. The honee had formerly been inhabited by a painter; and the studio, which spread its gaunt unshapen length along the southern wall of theneglected garden, had been given over to the old man that he might divert himself in it as he pleased, without fear of domestic invasion. Evidently it was a place where the intruding foot of wife or house. keeper was never suflered-a forlorn disor. dered place-dark, too, for the great window was all smirched and blind with dust, and scrape of paper with queer, cabalistic devices were stuck all over the panes, and rain showers, charged with soot, had blurred it, till it was almost opaque. It was a long and i lofty room. Dim corners were spun all across with cobwebs; dark. blotches of some long dried chemical fluid, like old blood-stains, showed upon the bare flooring; and a little ridge of dust on either side of a smooth path some two and a' half feet wide, running the length of the eastern wall, marked the course trodden by the old man:when he paced his workshop in' thought or meditation. The rest of the floor was covered by a fine layer of dust. The old man himself was just the kind of an old man whom you would have expected to find in such a place. The brown and wrinkled akin was stretched tightly over his forehead and the upper part of a skull, which ascended to a sort of blunted point. From the eyes there radiated a light of al most unnatural brilliancy. An eagerness, a curiosity, and 'b painful restlessness glittered in them, and they appeared never to take in the half of what they longed to see. The old man was an alchemist-probably the last of the line. The old alchemist in the studio had tried honestly, in his day, to make gold out of lead, and out of stones, plants, and heaven knows what other things; he had hispowder of projection and his metals; his crucible,his furnace, and a poker of the proper sort, like the other alchemists; but he had not made any gold. Ten fruitless years had he spent in the endeavor to produce it by technical and prescribed processes of separation, of maturation, and of transmutation ; and then, on a day in bright midwinter, it flashed upon him, with the dazzle and shock of inspira tion, that the thing which, above all things else, it behoved him to discover and make perfect, for the good of himself and his fellow. men, was that grand and infallible dissolvent of Paracelsus and Van Helmont, the true and only elixir, which conferred immortality on mortals. Day by day, amid the shadowy silence that would have oppressed a student less utterly absorbed, the old man read between thcyellow covers of frowsy volumes. Often from dawn to dark, and far on into the night, not a sound would be heard in the chamber save the rustle of the leaves as he turned them over, one by one. None visited him, none saw him, or had a word of him. He sat alone. amid the ghosts of a hundred generations of alchemists, whom he had summoned from the vasty deep, to teach him that secret of life which death had taught to them. Yet, amid the dusky stillness of that dead Ichamber, there was a lifeless thing that I seemed to atch--now mockingly, and now in sympathy--the Iean, rapt figure of theIl alchemist. - This thing that had no life in it was a i bottle-a plain, narrow-necked vessel of pale green glass, which spirit-merchants had once been wont to fill with extravagant liquor. You cannot surround with the feeblest halo of romance a bottle such as this. Ithadetood at the elbow of the host on the supper-tables. Waiters, with napkins on their arms, had placed it there at the eleventh hour, and guests who had previonsly drunk their fill of other liquors had welcomed it as an aid and stimulus to digestion. What irony of cir cumstances had caused this bottle, when emptied last, to be transported here, to the studio of an aged alchemist than whom no Nazarite had more rigorously abstained from elevating drink? Many bottles of various shapes stood about upon the floor, most of which contained some dark and subtle poison scarce anown to modern science. The pale-green bottle stood alone in the embrasure of a window, and held, dissolved in liquid, one of the deadliest drugs that man has yet chanced upon, in this or any age. It had been rudely stopped, in the al. chemist's unthinking haste, with athickplug of writing paper, which, with unintentional and quite unconscious art, his fingers had fashioned into the quaint and grinning like ness of a human face. At last the alchemist mastered the hitherto inviolable secret of the elixir of life. Quick upon the stroke of this immense dis covery came a warning from withih that his own days were numbered. Was he thento din before he could prepare his elixir of life? His spirit was not dashed, for very curi. ously his desire of life ceased with his con viction that there was a means of cheating death. What he longed for now, was time wherein to perfect his knowledge, that hap pier men might profit by it. So he toiled afresh, that he might win his secret to the use of posterity. It was spring, and the daylight lengthened. Sunshine and budding hedges comforted the world, and nature herself seemad willing to assist the drooping alchemist. But one night he was seized with sudden faintness, and sank half- dead from lack of sustenance, whilst the experiment was in the middle stage. A month later, he had a similar, but sharper and more exhausting seizure; and then he began to know he should not live to make good the secret of the elixer. Day followed day; the sun grew warmer, and the blood in the alchemist's veins grew colder. One morning the paper stopper of the bottle, contracting in the sun's rays, fell out on to the dust of the floor. In the genial warmth the liquid elements within were slowly evaporated; and the drug crystallized in minute and almost colorless prisms on the sides and bottom of the bottle.; Not all the softness of spring, and her breath, that made the bdes unfold, could arouse again the fading fires in the withered body of the alchemist. Life was passing quickly from him who had been the only liv. ing thing in the now deserted studio. He crawled no step back upon the road to health, and before the summer was established he died. Feet that hadl not entered there before now, trampled the dust of the studio. All was confusion, uglier a great deal than the care less disarray amid which the student had fondly worked. Auctioneers' clerks came, and made their inventory of the dead man's poor belongings. They attached stout labels to articles of furniture which one smart rap of' the salesman's hammer would have shivered into fragments. The only objects left untouched were a heap of old bottles in a corner beneath the window, on which the duet of years had formed a coarse and solid crust-these and the solitary bottle in the window. They were not worth a place in the I catalogue, nor a label. The morning after the sale, a fat, untidy I cleaning woman strode into the room,followed at a distance which indicated fear if not re spect, by her husband, a retired or super annuated costermonger. The great, red eye of the cleaning-woman ranged the area of the studio, and noting such perquisites as the remover had left her, she indicated them to her husband, who collected and stowed them in his basket. In the course of time the whole of this collection reached the sorting yard of a rag, bone, and bottle mer chant. Here the articles were sorted accord. ing to their kind, and presently an even row of black bottles, and another row of eoa.green bottles, showed in what manner order might be evolved out of chaos. The bottles arrived eventually at the bottle cleaning yard of a well-known spirit- merch. ant, where they received a plentiful ablution of warm water within and without. This spirit-merchant was a person of great talent in his calling, who, by judicious blending and treatment, could produce a port of recognized standing and condition, effective for use upon a given night. The bottles passed from the hands of the washer, having undergone as effectual a cleaning as the skill of that functionary could compass. Outwardly they were now all alike. I shall, however, select one of these bottles, and that not at random, nor without design, and shall give it henceforth a place of its own in this story. It was a pale green bottle of ordinary size and shape; it had passed through many hands, and had been preserved unbroken amid scenes of great diversity, since last it stood in the spirit merchant's yard. It was, in 'short, %he bottle which stood in the window of the old alchemist's studio. The ablutionary rites to which it had been subjected had not dis. solved the minute,colorless particles into which its deadly contents had crystallized under the sun's warmth. They still clung to the sides and bottom of the bottle, as potent as before of swift and horrible dea traction. Spirit would have dissolved them in a few seconds-water touched them not. This bottle then, was carried presently with its companions to an upper room in the spirit.merchant's establishment where the air was weighted with the odor of rich liquors, and processes beautiful in their delicacy and mystery were performed by talented and re spectable persons during the bours from nine till sir. Here, when all was prepared, the bottle received an exceedingly choice blend of old liqueur-brandy. It was then corked, sealed, labelled, and properly bestowed in an. other department of the house. It remained there during some weeks, when it was once more removed, in the company of others, to the well-chosen cellar of Mr. Theodore, the wealthy and distinguished amateur. They came under the affectionate care of hr. Dim mick, the butler. "These bottles arrive most opportunely," said Mr. Dimmick as he un. packed them. And so in fact they did, for Mr. Theodore was giving, at the end of the week, one of the graceful suppers he so much affected, to the members of a liberal profes. sion. Twenty actors, the most renowned in London, would appear at his board at mid night on the following Saturday, for the in citations had been accepted to a man. Preceded by his pantryman, who carried the case upon his shoulders, Mr. Dimmick descended the steps of the cellar, counting eachlstep aloud in his progress, as his habit was. One by one, in an ample bed of saw dust on a vacant shelf, the careful.minded butler placed the bottles. The Bottle weas !aid the last but one in the upper layer, at the end nearest to theb right hand of a person entering the cellar. SIr. Dimmick thensur veyed his arrangement of the bottles, and ee ing that it was'good, he withdrew. The day of the supper arrived, and at eleven in the evening Mlr. Theodore issued from his club, called a cab, and was driven to his residence, a costly and comfortable house in one of the most agreeable quarters of the town, Ho went at once to the diining. rooim;?whei he passed a few minuite in oriti- i cat study of the table and sideboard. Oneor I two of his rarer vintages, destined for an ad- I manoed and marvellous stage of the feast, were displayed upon the latter; but Mr.Theo. dore remarked with surprise the absence of a particular bottle, toward which his fancy had affectionately projected itself during his drive from the club. He summoned his butler,and in terms of lenient reproach discovered to him the deficiency. Mr. Dimmick apologized, could not imagine how he had contrived to be so neglectful, and, retiring in confusion sank gravely into the fragrant shades of the cellar. Going to the shelf where he had de posited the contents of the newly arrived oase of liqueur-brandies, he took the first bottle in the upper layer. Holding it in the wary manner of one who understands how fine liquor should be earried, he was about to commence his ascent, when he reflected that one bottle would but just make the round of the table. "A glass apiece; and esnch a very fine liqueur! They will want another," said Mr. Dimmick. He went back to the shelf and took another, which was The Bottle. With the two bottles under his arm he re turned to the dining-room, and the master commended the thoughtfulnees of his servant. 1 It wanted ten minutes of midnight as Mr. Theodore crossed the spacious half which separated the dining room from the drawing-room. In front of a noble Vene tian mirror, framed in chased and burnisled silver, he gave the final set to his tie, and smoothed away from the neighborhood of his waistband the solitary wrinkle which 1 fretted the fair furface of his satin waist. coat. Standing there, he beheld, with smooth and kindly gaze, a form which was neither youthful nor too mature, but which combined, with' the admirable elegance of twenty, the cultured and slightly more philosophic repose of forty-eight. Mr. Theodore was a man who spent the fortune which his fathers had made for him, upon principles which aimed at securing his own contentment in the first place, and, in the second, the approval of that section of society which pleased him best. A marked tendency to selfishuee, plainly in dicated by the shape of the nose as seen in profile, was partially corrected by the genial and humor-loving curves of the mouth. Mr. Theodore spoke in somewhat florid though nicely balanced tones, which he could shift with admirable art so as to harmonize them with those of the person to whom he ad. dreesed himself. He turned from the con templation of his person on hearing the ar rival of his first guest. At a quarter after midnight supper was served. It was a rare meal. The host had been a traveller in many lards, and was a I happy and versatile storyteller. He told tales, which his talent for mimicry sharpened to the point of wit, of the theatres of the East; of sitting cross-leged in the rushes on the floor of the play-house of Japan; of tak ing surreptitious lessons in the Nauteh from the favorite dancer of a Maharajah ; he sang a comic song from an Indian farce, which was very like an Indian dirge; and subse. quently performed the all but incredible feat of condensing into half a dozen sentences the plot of a Chinese tragedy which had oceu pied a month in representation. In jest end anecdote the guests matched their host featly. Think of the genius and talent of theLondon stage concentrated round a supper-table, each man of them an actor. who stood in the eye of the publie, the star of his particular theatre, a trained humorist, a theatric Mesner able at will to dissolve in tears or freeze with horror an entire andience, agreat declaimer-or at poorest, a magnifi. cent Apollo for whom countlessladiesnightly sighed themselves to sleep. Fired by. good wine', and the desire to please, each guest poured forth his best;and the host by exhorts. tion and example incitedhis friends to fresh endeavor. In this blithe way theylengthened out the hours, and the gilt clock in the hall chimed half- past two. " Dimmick," said Mr. Theodore to his butler, "you may go to bed." Mr. Dimmick gratefully made his bow and retired. He had scarcely closed the door upon him self when Theodore noticed that the liqueur had not been served. He mentioned the air. cmstanceto hisguests, with an apology, and added : "By your leave, gentlemen, I'll serve the liqueur myself." He rooe, and crossed to the sideboard where, amid a noble array of glasses and flagons of all sizes and shapes, stood the two bottles containing the new liqueur-brandy. " I should rather like your judgment on a liqueur-brandy I have here, gentlemen," said Mr. Theodore. ' 1 have notyet tastedit my self, but it comes to me with a high recom mendation." He took up one of the bottles as he spoke, and was already drawing the cork: That done, he touched the mouth of the bottle with a clean napkin, and then made the round of the table, filling each glass as he passed. Coming toIhis own place at the top, he poured out with a flourish the half glass which was all that remained of thepale golden fluid. " Now, gentlemen I Before I fulfil my pro. mise, your judgments all, if you please," ex. claimed Mr. Theodore, lilting his own glass in challenge to his guests. Every one at the table raised and drank off his glass. Mr. Theodore alone paused for a moment, to note the first expression on the face of his friends. What horrid sound was that? A crash of fallen glass, followed by groans and cries of men in agony. Mute and stiff with horror, the host elutched with both hands at the table, and stared before him and around him. In the first stage of fear a man's strength is often trebled; in the last stage, when fear is no longer fear, but has merged in eheer,re sistless terror, the muscles become as jelly, and the body sinks an inert mass to the ground. By desperate exertion of will the master of the house saved himself from this state of utter helplessness, but more he could not do. His tongue was riven against his palate--he stood speechless and stared out of eyes grown almost vacant I What was it that he glared at ? Wasit death, or but a vision of death? The jest was scarcely dry on these men's lips -did they counterfeit dissolution as a better jest than all? Nol Death had them all in his grip-they were dying in most cruel tor ment I One by one, as his convuleive struggles ceased, each guest fell down athwart, alongside, or beneath the table; and still the miserable host stood there, rigid and gray with fright, and watched the ghastly play. His brain was melting-his head grew like to burst-madness would have seized him next. He wrenched himself together, and staggered towards the door. The bell-rope was close against it-he caught at it, and a fearful peal echoed through the house. A few moments elapsed, in which it seemed to the wretched creature that all eternity was exbausted; and then there was a noise of feet pattering along an upper corridor, down the I stars, and scross the ball, He, meanwhile, had scratched a line in pencil on the back of a visiting-card, and this he thrust into the hands of the first servant who aproached him. "Take it and run," he said, hoarsely; "Dr. F-" (naming the first physician in the town). " Go as if the devil himself were at your heels. And you, this," he said to an. other, to whom he gave a card for his own physician, who lived hard by. "The rest to bed again I" He had now regained some nerve, but stood ashen-white on the thres. hold of the dining-room barring all entranco there. Through the silent streets, whitening with the dawn, two carriages were presently drir ing at full speed in one direction. Themastec of the houese went out to meet the doctors,and i.?....? led them the room of death. But it was too late. The play was played out. Each of thone merry guests had been a dead man for half an honr. 