: ; GOIDEN (JEAIN. :; x j CHAPTER XIX. Priory Jfnvk was situntod in tho vory :':i. , V prattiost invt of Surrey, within convoni- i < ; ' out distn ico of town. It was the very ; X ; poi'foctio i of' n bonntiful English >';> . iiomo. It. was vory oltl — so old, in- V " tWJ. tint pnrt, of it, n ruin now.' dotoil hack to tho timos wlion King X : Alfred ritloil in Englaud. Tho newest of tho luiuHO was of the time of tho Stnarts, and tho older portion which wns liahrtfthlo dated from Queen X Elizabeth Thero lmd boon a Mero- dyth of rdputo in lior day, who lutd sorvod he so well that shn had re warded li in by making him Earl St. Colomb, i Tith a largo grant of land to add to hW ostatos. P I saw 1 lio placo first on a sunny ;. : nftornooinin tho onrly autumn, when ovorytliin j around it lookod its lovoli- est, mid lie mm was shining on tho old grey Front, and lighting up tho \- ; windows nlo spooks of dazzling light. I had 1 eon mot at tho nonrcst stn- X tion. somo two milos away, by tho enrringo nud woll-trained servants, who treated mo, Mngdalon Ormsby, as if I lind boon a duchess. .- I had been ''s rather nervous as I travelled down .. from town as to what manner of ro- caption I should moot with. Lady St. .Colomb lind boon kindness itsolfto mo whon sho canio to roo mo, but then I was in my littlo London lodging and adrift in tho world. Now that sho ; had actually engaged mo as her dc- . pendent, a l'ncmbor of lior household, \- I might havo to sink into a very ilif- . ; foront place, and- T cliockod myself in this strain of . wondoriiig. Who was I that I should ' oxpoct or ovon hopo for any diffevout .treatment from any other salaried per son in tho house ? I should ho tluinkful X. wlion tlio introduction to my now dulios was ovor, and I had shnkon ... down into my placo — that was all. Tho / train stenmod quietly into tho littlo station of Ilipplesdnlo — a quaint pic- turesquo place tlrat stood ns if the busy : world was a long way off — as indeed 7 it was for any traffic that affootod it. It was built mainly for the convoni- onco of tho Priory, and the Earl and Countess took an interest in its np- poaraneo nnil tho woll-boingof tlio few officials tliero. A servant out of livory . put his lioad in at tho carriage win- <low. ' Miss Ormsby ? '. ho said, dubious!)'. 'Yes,' I ropliod, ' that is my namo.' 7: '.Tho carriage is hero, if you plonso, ; 7, hubs, and my lady dosirod mo to give " you this note.' V Ho handed mo out and put a noto ; into my hand. It was very short, hut sotTmo at my easo at onco. 11 . , ' My Dear Miss Ormsby, — Unox- . , pocted visitors havo prevented our ' .-mnetihp: you ; you will pardon it, I am : ' sure. Johnson will bring you safoly . . to us.— Yours truly, . 7 , , . ' II. Meredytii,' . .. a . ; Her ladyship is vory kind,' I said, 7 ., > ; trying with nil my might to appear at . my enso and afraid of this exceedingly vtnl ifn nnrl m>nntl.lAAl.Mnfl> nnuenn wlinm . I concluded to be ' Johnson.; Ho handed mo into tho ciirvingo with tho 'utmost attention, and saw to my lug gage, which lookod oxtromoly moan and sip all in connection with tho prnnc- ,7 7 ing horses and tho elogant cavriago, .and th'on vfook his sont beside the driver: ; . . 'That is tho Priory, miss,' lie said, 7:7 -presently, whon a turn in tho road X ' > 'brought us.in viow of tho house. 'This : is considered tlio finest viow of it.' 77; A,X. ' 7It is vory beautiful,' I ropliod. ' And oil, wliat'6 that ? ' It was whirling, dancing, rushing . water, and I had no idea wo worononr any river.' Soon through tlio trees it '-AAr . had a fairy-liko offeot, and sliono white ' 7x 7 . r, and sparkling' like thousands of dia- . -. ' That's tlio "Whito Lady's Pool, ' X 7 -miss,' lie said. 'A protty placo, x 7 ' though tho family soldom como thoro. It's a bit of tho rivor roiilly. Tlio river runs very close to the liouso on this x77'7 sido; it isn't moro than hnlf-n-milo away. Thntpoolis a queor bond of it — looks liko n bit cut out of it like.' So tho Priory Park had yet another clinnn — it was on tho rivor. Tho f 77 Thames wont gliding by in all its beauty, and thoro would bo boating and fishing, perhaps, just as thoro used to bo somotimos, when wo wore vory good and industrious, at Wnsson- Imusor. . Wo eamo into bettor sight of this ; curious pool after going a littlo farther, '7 arid Johnson fold mo that it got its ' ' name of tho Whito Lady's Pool from 7; 7- 7 somo tradition of rcmoto ages, which ; . sot forth that a lady lmd drown'od hcr- , self there for love's sake, and from tho fact that lior ghost was said to haunt the scope of lior untimely end. 'But thoro havo boon more no ci- -7 ,/lonts thero sluco that time,' ho said. ' It's a awkward placo is tho pool, and if my lord could'havo it filled up and , done away with altogether, I think ho I Viq-ould. 'He don't Ijko it.' J Y ' And; .would it ho impossible ?' I asked, inlprestod, ! linvdly know why, in what my oscort was saying: ' It sooins so, miss,' lie ropliod; ' every tiling sooms to wash right away into tlio rivor diroctly. Tliero havo been waggon loads of stuff put down. But tlio pooplo my lord lias consultod all say tho same thing — it's :np use. There's ail undercurrent or something of that sort that hiakes it impossible.' ... Wo woro out of sight of tho pool now and close to tho liouso, and my heart was beating with nil sorts of miuglod footings. Should I lind tho first home I had ovor known umlor tlio roof of Harry Moredyth's pnronts ? It soomod so, for whon tho carriago drovo up to a sido-door tlioro woro moro servants to wait upon me, nnd moro moasagos from tho lady of tho liouso. An olderly woman, who announcod horso'lf as hor ladyship's 'own woman,' camo forward to rocoivo mo and instnl mo in my rooms — a pretty sot of two, overlooking tho perk, and a long ... WUI.IUJT ugrauu V..U could just ontch a glimpBO of tho rivor oil tho oxtromo right — not tlio pool wo( lind passed, but a tranquil, ilowing eurvo that just sorvod to mako tho landscape porfect. ' My lady hopos you will liko thoso rooms, miss,' tho woman said, throwing opon tho door of another in tho corri dor communicating with tho turret in which my apartments woro situated. 1 'l'hoso aro Lady Hilda's rooms; and tlio family all sloop in tliis wing.' 'I liko thom vory much,' I said; ' thoy could pot ho moro comfortable or pretty.' ' My lady was so sorry not to moot you,' tho lady's maid went on. ' But hor Graco tlio Duchess of Wantage camo suddenly, nnd sho could not well got nway. Her graco is not got rid of in a hurry,', sho added, laughing; 1 nnd slio's onsily huffod.' ' I don't know that I oxpoeted to ho mot nt all,' I said, quietly. 'I ex pected to havo to aslc someone to show mo tlio way; and walk from tlio' station.' 1 My lady would novor linve allowed that,' was tho comforting answer. ' Shewiis most particular with.Tolinsou.' ' And ho wns most particular in be- ing attoutivo to mo. What is thilt i 'It is tlio first. gong, miss; it is rnthor loud. What will you ploase to. woav? Shall I help you to dross? ' ' Shall I bo expected downstairs ? ' '.To dinner, '.miss?' 'Yos.' ' Suroly miss ! ' was tho answor, in a tono of surprise. ' I did not know wliothor I should dine with tlio family,' I said. 'Lady St. Colomb did not mention anything about tlint,- nnd — ' ' Of eourso you will, miss. I hoard hor 'tolling Hawkins about laying a cover for you, nnd wlicvo ho was to put it. I will lay out your things, if you please, and tlion I must soud tlio housemaid, if you don't mind. Sho understands dressing ladies. My own lady will want mo.' I assured lier I did not wont n maid; not ovon for my linir, at which asser tion sho lookod rather dubious, and retired, after laying out my vory best dress and somo simplo luco ruffles niul n fichu. I was not to bo a paid de- pondent moroly, tlion. I was to. bo, to a cortain extent, oil nil equality ; at any rnto, as fur as meals wont. Whon should I 800 my lady, I wondered; not boforo I moot thom all at dinner now, I supposed. It would bo rathor an ordeal. Who would como and talto mo down ? Would anybody, or should I havo to find my way to tho dining- room alono ? I did not speculate long, for boforo my toilot was finished Lady St. Colomb and hor daughter both came to my room nnd told mo quito liko old frionds how glad thoy woro to soo mo again, nnd how they liopod I should ho lmppy with thom. Priory Park was home, thoro was not a doubt of it ; and I wont down stairs with thom with grateful tears dimming my eyos and ready to over flow on to my cheeks. charter xx. Lndy Hilda Morodyth had boon a somewhat unformed girl, though vory bonutiful, whon I had soon her nt Wnssonhausor. I wns nstonishod to soo how sho had developed, and what a fair, grucoful creature sho hnd bo- como in tho timo that had gono by Binco that examination day. Sho was tall and fair, roBombting hor mothor much moro than her brother did ; but thoro woro tho samo oyos, with tho ro- somblniico to somotliing that had luiuntcd mo ovor siuco my first intro duction to tho family — Hugh's oyos mid Harry's — though tho oxprossion in each wns different. Lndy Colomb was fairly brimming over with kindness mid tho desire to mako mo fool that I was to bo at liomo with them, nnd hor pleasant fnco lookod so motherly, as sho shook hands with mo, nnd hopod I should mako myself comfortable at Priory Park. ' You mustn't bo afraid of us, my dear.' sho said. 'You know us nil, I think; thoro's only Mr. Enircliild horo to-dny besidos ourselves, and you had seen him boforo you ovor saw us, you know.' Tho mention of Heubcn Fail-child's namo gave mo a cold shivor — it iilways did. AH fancy, I daresay, but uncom fortable), nevertheless. I. silonlly miulo up my mind that I would soo him as littlo as possible, and it did not appear us if wo should como much iiv contact. All down tho luuidsumo ritaircaso wore pictures of value and old nnk panelling Unit would liavo dolightod tlio heart of tlio antiquarian. A servant opened tho door of tho bluo dining-room and wo wont into tho most comfortable room I had ovor soon for a small family. It was hung with pictures, portraits most of tlioni. Tlio fnmilnr faco of Hugh Morodyth looked down at mo from ovor tho nmntolpicco ns I entered. And Harry's laughing oyes and curly hair woro bet wool tlio windows just over | tho original, who was standing thoro to givo mo right cordial greeting. Tho Earl camo forward first nud took my1 hand in a kindly fashion that mado mo forgot 'his rank and think of him only ns a kind, fatlicrly mail, tincl'a. thorough gentleman. 1 1 am glad to soo you, my dear,' ho said. 'I. liopo you will got on with us and inako n finished musician of Hilda horo, in process of t.inio. I rccoloct what you can do in that lino vory well.' ' I will do my host, my lord.' I said, mid thou Harry camo forward and gave my hand a squoezo that jt romomberod for hours after.. | It's awfully jolly to think of you being lioro ! ' ho said. ' I liopo you'll find us nioor than tho Cratldook tribe.' What a boy ho was! Ho would uovor ho anything olso us far as warmth of heart and kindness woro eoncornod, nnd I laughod and told him that I wns suro they woro much nioor than my Into omployor. iiguiu : xb Buuiiiou us ii uvery room in tlio liouso hold somo inomoiito of him. .Ho wns horo ns n fair prolty child resting hgninst. a luigo dog ,that lookod larger enough to oatliiin. ' And Lady Hilda ' told : mo that tlio boast had pullo'd liim out of tho wntor onco whon ho wns in imminent dangorof being drowned. ' It was before my timo, of course,' sho said ; ' I can't fancy cousin . Hugh in frocks: and frills ; ho hns always boon a big man to mo. But papa says that is oxnotly liko what lio was at that time.' ' You are very fond of liim ? ' I said, longing to hoar all thoro was for hor to toll ine; about him, and yot dread ing that somo chance word might bo- tray my own madness, and rovoal how entirely ho ocoupied my thoughts. ' Love him ! ' sho replied' with al most ft tono of surprise at t.ho ques tion. ' Thero is no ono olso in lill tho world that wo lovo as well. Papa and mamma look on him as a socond son, nnd as for 1110 I adoro him. Ho is tho dourest follow in all tho world is Hugh.' A pang shot through mo at lior artless words. Doubtless it was in- tendod thilt ho should bo dourer still at some timo ; that tho family should bo mora united than tlioy wore at pre sent ovon by hor marrying her cousin. I think I turned palo at tlio thought, for Lndy St. Colomb suddenly said to mo. 1 My dear, aro you cold ? You look ill.' ' Ob no, thiuik you,' I said has tily, blushing 'enough now, for I felt as if slio could read my thoughts; ' ono cannot bo cold such a day as this; it is perfectly lovely.' "We had a delightful talk boforo tho gonlloinon joinod us. Hilda showed mo ovorything in tho room, and told mo tlio names of nil tlio -pooplo who figured on tho walls. Thoro was thn Earl, a good many years younger than ho lookod now, and hor ladyship in a wondorfully-paintod whito satin dress, looking ns fresh nnd ns fair as hor daughter did now, though sho told mo tho picture was pninfod after alio marrfod Lord St. Colomb. Thoro was Harry as n baby of twelve months ; almost recognisablo now for tho samo, by reason of his oyos and oxprossion ; nnd Lady Hilda, a fair, protty girl of sovou or so, all wliito flowers nnd tintod loavos, look ing liko a voritablo wood nymph. ' Havo you soon tlio now photo graphs ? ' Lady St Colomb asked, whon wo settled oursolvos down upon tho sofa after our tour .of tho room. ' I don't roniomhor tho namo of tho process ; hut thoy aro curious,' and I think not protty.' Sho brought an album from tho tnblo and oponod it on hor lap, turn ing over tlio beautiful photographs it contained till slio eamo to ono on a page by itself. It was a eabinot- sizod photograph of Itoubcn Fair- child, taken by some process which mndo tho faco stand out. in strong re lief from a background of exceeding blackness. Evorv feature soomod to lm iiifrmsifin/1 no if wavo mul Mm Avna had a glitter that was uncomfortable to look ut, duo doubtloss, to tho arrnngoniont of light and., tho procoss by which tlio picture was taken. ' It is not a pretty stylo,' I said. ' I think I prefer tho old fashion of tight and sliado ; it is moro natural.' Presently wo camo upon anothor portrait of Koubon Fnircliild — a different Btylo altogether ; ono in which ho lookod a sufficiently lmud- somo man with nothing particularly woird of ovil about him. Tho door opened tho next moment and Mr. Fnirchild camo in. Tho album wus open at his potrnit, and ho took occasion to ask mo what I though of it. ' I liko this ono !' I said, pointing to tlio ouo befofo me ; ' but tlio other is not a ploasaut one.' ' Yot it is a good likeness ! ' 'A much bettor one really than this,' I said rathor shortly. 'It looks to mo as if it pictured your thoughts ns woll as your features. Thero is a glamour ovor it, soinohow, that makes it uncommon.' Lady Hilda had gono across the room to her father, who had called lior, and we were alono for a moment. ' Will you allow mo to congratulate you oil your good fortune in; coming here ? ' ho said, bending over liie, unit monopolising my attention completely. ' You will find Hint your linos imvo fallon upon plonsiint . places, Miss Ormsby.' ' Everyone is v.cry kind to mo,' I. replied. ' I am to bo congratulated, I know.' Thoy c'uunot help being kind. It would bo! out of their, nature to do otherwise ! May I givo you a piece of advice, Mis Ormsby ? ' ' G'ertniijly ! It will bo for mo' to take it or not, as I plenso.' ' That, qf course ! Hero it is, then. Novor do anything to jcopnrdizo your position tioro. Keep your placo in tlio St. Colomb family; it will bo to | 'your, interest heronftor,' 1 , 'I hardly understand you, Mr. Fail-chilli,' I. said, rising, and moving away from him. _ I did hot want to talk to sjiim any longer. 'I think .Lady St.|Colomb is bcfckoniug to me. My position here is too now to mako any planjj for tho future ns yot, and I do not think I nood discuss it with iinvono except lior ladyship, hersolf.' I wanted to show liim. that. I did not wish to tallf to liihl, and I wns afraid that I hud done it rudoly, but ho snoinod to tako no offenco, 7 What I snid was woll meant,' lio said, quietly.. 'Yos, lior ladyship does want you, to givo us a tront with somo music, I hopo. I nm afraid your powers will bo taxed' sometimes; wo aro all so fond of musif) lit Priory Park.' i Thorojjwns such a strango manner in his fashion of talking. It was al most ns if ho woro tho master of tho liouso — litany rnto. as if,-lio lind somo power therein, of wlii'nji I know nothing. chapter xxi. It wns to givo thorn somo niusio, ns Mr. Fnirijliild lind predicted, that I wns called across tlio room, arid tlio man ner of asking ino for it wns so nico, and tho attention paid mo so genuine and sincere, that it completely hid tho fact that I wns thoro for tlio purposo, and mndo mo foel at onso with thom all, and en rapport with tho instru ment at onco. And such an' instrument it was to play upon! Nothing I had ovor toucliod came up to this ono, and I think Lndy St. Colomb saw tho dolight in my face. 'You liko tho instrument?' sho snid. 'It is the finest I over toucliod , ' I replied. 'What would you like mo to play ? ' 'I should like to hoar tho very piece that we heard you nliiy at school.' sho said kindly.'- 'Wo havo often talked about it sinco. Ilavo you it with you ? ' My own Chorale. It wns kind of t-liom to roniomhor it, and I told hor that 1 know it by heart. I could play it without any musio, nnd my ilnirors waiulorod ovor tho lcevs in the pi-oludo, whilo I hardly knew my own work in tho bonuty of tho- notes (is tlioy ripplod nud swelled under my hands. 'hank you, thank you ! ' thoy nil said, whon I hnd dono, and - Lad' Hilda's ovos woro full of tears, tlio best coniplimont sho could havo paid mo. ' That is lovoly.' slio said. ' I never know such musio could ho got out of a piano.' They asked for anothor nnd anothor, and I lost myself in tho musio, nnd plavod ns I had not had an oppor tunity of playing for n long timo. 'You havo given us nktroat, Miss Ormsby ! ' snid tlio eX-tutor. ' Yes ! indood.' echoed tho Earl. ' I hail no idea what you could do in thnt way. my doar. I never hoard any thing hotter, not ovon from Arabolla Goddard,' ' You flatter me, my lord,' I ro pliod, smiling and dolightod with his praise. ' I was afraid I was boring you all. I almost forgot whm-o I was ; it is sitch a tront to mo to touch such a piano.' ' Boring us ! if I woro not afraid of fatiguing you I would ask for somo tliing olso. Do you sing ? ' ' Not much. I was not one of Mndnmo Lovontlml's show pupils in that rospoot. I was novor regularly taught.' 'But you do, I can- soo it. Will you not givo us something — a hallnd, or anything you liko. Wo aro all so fond of vocal music ns woll ns instru mental.! ' My repertoire is not oxtonsivo ! ' I said, turning ovor a pilo of songs that Hurry immediately put in front of mo. ' I am afraid I cannot go beyond tho vory simplest songs, and thoy aro mostly Gorman.' ' Somo oE tho Gorman songs aro tho prettiest of nny ! ' Mr. Fairohild said, tt tin li ii nun it iiiitiu uut'iv i<hjiii im enough to me, for it contained a selec tion usod almost ovorywhoro ; and I sang two or throo of tlio best known amongst them, and tlion a sudden itn- pulso, I know not what, prompted mo to wander off into somotliing moro fnmilnr to English ears. I gave my fancy tlio rein, nnd sang ' Oft in tlio Stilly Night,' with a norvo and fool ing that startled ovon mysolf. It had liOBii a favourite song of my mother's. Hor wholo life, ns far ns I had known it, had soemed to-be ono of mortifica tion mul discomfort ; but sho had had a splendid voico, and on rare occasions I hull hoard her uso it. As tlio lust- notes died away on my lips I lifted my head and saw that Ttoiibon 'Fail-child was regarding mo with u look so curious nnd woird that I wasfrightonod. IIo wns behind 1110; but I saw him ino. largo glass, mid I10 saw that I did, and instantly altered tlio expression of his features, nnd composod his fnco to its natural ox prossion: It was tho snmo odd look which ;had disconcortod 1110 on tho vory first timo of our mooting, whon Harry nnd ho hnd como to my assist ance, nnd pulled 1110 off tho stono by tlio Lurloy Pock. It was almost a look ot' recognition— as if lio know 1110 — and I 11111 perfectly- suro I had novel- soon him boforo. 1 To be continued. 1 