CHAPTER II. ORACH DELAPLAINB. I " Babette, ask Williams to come here." " Yes, mam'selle." . And the sprightly little maid went off in search of the butler, while Miss Grace Delaplaine, the housekeeper of Gower Hall and also the cousin of Captain Delaplaine, looked absently out of the window, and watched the dried leaves whirl in the cold November wind. Miss Grace was one of the persons who would generally be called commonplace, because she was neither pretty nor ugly, and had a quiet unob- trusive manner that seemed to keep hor from notice. She was under thirty, slender of figure, easy of movement, and marvellously self-contained. Three years before she had been living with a miserly old uncle in Montreal, when one day Captain Delaplaine, of Gower Hall, had called upon her and asked her to be his housekeeper and take care of his two daughters, Rose and Eveleen, while he went away on important business that might keep him a long time. It waa the first and only time she had ever seen her wealthy relative. Her father and his father had been second cousins and good friends, but when his father had married Miss Gower, the heiress, there had somehow been a silent drifting apart, and the two families had not met until the day when the captain called upon her and said he would like her to be his housekeeper. The terms and conditions had been so munificent and satisfactory that she had gladly gone to Gower Hall, where she had ever since been undisputed mistress, and where, moreover, she had earned the respect and love of all. ? It was of this love she was thinking now, as she gazed somewhat pensively out of the window of the grand dining-room. More especially of the love of the bwo girls, which was more to hor than, anybody would have suspected, even than they knew j for, excepting her' brother, whom she had not seen for years, they were the only ones in the wide world she had ever had any sign of affection from. Was she to bo robbed of their love now ? was what she was asking hersolf. And the reason she asked ü was that Captain Delaplaine and his oldest daughter Kate, whose whole life had been passed with a rich aunt in England, were to be home that afternoon, as a letter received during braakfast had told ner. 9 She had been daily expecting them, and had made due preparations to receive them, and it was in connection with these preparations that she wished to see Williams, who had already twice, with great respect and dignity withal, " hemmed" to let her knon that he was awaiting her pleasure. " I bog pardon, Miss Grace," ho said at last. Í "Oh, you've come, Williams. Didn't you tell me, Williams, that you had put two game pies on the pantry-shelf ?" " Yes, marm." " And a plum-pudding ?" "Yee, marm." " And various other similar things ?" "Yes, marm." ".Will you please step into the pantry and see¡if everything is as you left it ?" " Yes, marm." With all the haste compatible with his abnormal dignity Williams went to the pan,try and glanced in. He took a hasty glance, then a prolonged one, and then turned with a ghastly face and said, in an awe-struck whisper : " Hevery thing is gone." " It seemed so to me," said Miss Grace, quietly, wondering at the sedate Dutler's singular expres- sion! " I wonder who can have taken them." " Hif Miss Rose 'ad a bein' 'ome Hi might 'ave suspicioned 'er, Miss Grace, but has ii is-" " Well," wonderingly at the man's manner. " Beggin' your pardon, MIBS Grace." " Why, what is it, Williams ?" , " Perhaps you 'eard Tiger 'owl last night." " I think I did ; yes." " Habout midnight, Miss Grace." '^gerhapa it was Williams; but what has that to do-X-" " Beggin' your pardon, Miss Grace," said Wil- liams, shaking his head solemnly. " Hi'm habove superstition myself, but Hi've been' ere this many a year, and this 'aint the firat time as Hi've 'eard that 'owl at midnight, and knowed things io be gone in. the morning." *\ " You don't mean to say !" j " Yes, marm." " That Tiger ate all those things." "Tiger!" There was a world of scorn in Wil- liams* tone. " No, marm," he dropped his voice to a whisper, " hit were wild 'Arry." "Wild 'Arry." " Not our wild 'Arry, Miss Grace, beggin' Your parding, but we halways called 'im so, but"iriid 'Arry Gower./ " Nonsense, Williams, I'm surprised to hear you say such things. Even if they were ghosts they would not devour anything so substantial." < " Has you say, Miss Grace," answered Williams with respectful ebstinancy, "but see'n's believin'." " You doa'fc mean that yon saw the ghost." " Not last night, marm, but years ago, has plain has Hi see you. Hi yelled, Hi couldn't 'elp it, and j 'e vanished in the solid wall. The servants ¡A ull talkin' now of the way Tiger 'owled last night." "Dear me! How foolish ! Don't speak of this, then Williams ; and even if you will insist upon your ghost, do try to discover if anybody in the house has taken the things,'though really there ÍB not a soul I can think would be guilty of such a thing but Rose, who might for pure mischief. Now don't put this ghost notion into the servants' hoads, Williams, or not one of thom will go about alone after dark. And as for these things you must re- place them somehow, for the captain and Miss Kate will bo home this afternoon." " Yes, Miss Grace," and William walked away, muttering, " Seen's believin'." " Oh,' Grace, mayn't I let the practising go for to-day ? It seems as if I'd go crazy to sit, and sit, and sit, and keep thinking of papa and Kate all the time." Miss Grace turned with a pleasant smile towards the pale, slight girl of fourteen who was running up to her, and putting her arm caressingly around her, said : ' " You wan't to see them very much, don't you, Evvy ?" " It seems as if I couldn't wait. Why, just think. It's three years since I've seen papa ; and Kate ! Why, I've never seen her. I wonder if she's as beautiful as papa says." " If she's at all like her picture painted at fifteen, she must be very beautiful indeed." " Yes, Grace : but what made you sigh then ?" ' " Did I sigh ?" " Yes, you did, as if-well.ï can't Bay just what, but as if you were not quite happy." Grace looked wistfully at the child nestling so affectionately against her, and then with a vehe- mence strange to her, cried : " Ewy, darling, will you forget me for thiB beau- tiful, fasoinatiäg Kate who is coming ?" " Why, Grace, dear, how could I ? Of course I shall love her. Papa says everybody does, but not even she could turn you out of my heart. Besides," and Eveleen sighed in her turn, "I don't imagine I shall have much of Kate's love ; Rose will get most of it ; she always does. Even papa liked her better than me, though it's easy to see that Kate is everything now." " Rose doesn't get the most of my love, Ewy." "No," laughed Eveleen. "I do, though you try very hard to treat us exactly alike." And the child caressed ber cousin, as if to make her feel that she loved her. " Have you written to Rose to hurry home ?" asked Miss Grace, as she lovingly smoothed back the child's golden hair. " I wrote immediately after breakfast, and sent the letter by James. I wonder if Kate is really more beautiful than Rose. I hope Bhe is, for Rose is just insufferable with her airs, and it will do her good to have some of her worshippers takehifrom her." " Don't talk so, Ewy, darling. Rose and Kate are not likely to olash in that way, for, you know, Kate is betrothed to an English gentleman." " Yes, think of it, Grace-only a gentleman. Not even a Sir Somebody, when, with all her beauty and Aunt Augusta's money, I should think she might have had a duke. Papa says a duke of 'the blood royal is not too good for his peerless Kate." " But Kate loves him, your father says, and that seems to be as satisfactory as if he had a title." " Oh, well, I wish they were here. I hate this waiting. Won't it seem odd not to bo alone any more ? I wonder if Brother Harry will come home, too. Papa never says anything about him." " You will have to wait till your father comes to find that out. Come with me if you like, and see if their rooms are all in readiness for them. If we keep busy we won't so much mind the waiting." (To be continued.) 