City ©fossip. A By Metropolitan. 1 On Monday the proposal of Messrs. Saunders and Barrett far supplying Perth with water under pressure was for the first time brought fairly before the citzens. For some inexplic able reason the details of this scheme, when it was first proposed, were kept out of sight. Though the plans of the pro moters were laid on the table of the City Coun cil, they were swept off it almost before the Councillors! knew they were there, while they were carefully kept out of the dailies, and only published in the weekly papers, whose circula tion is almost confined to the country districts. All this did the scheme great harm. It gave -the idea that it was a "job," and that the water was only intended to be supplied to a few of the principal streets — an idea which no one took the trouble to dispel. On Saturday and on Monday — at the instance of Mr. Traylen — the proposal, accompanied by elaborate plans, was left at the City Couucil office for general inspection, and on the Monday there was a pub lic meeting on tbe subject. A good deal of interest seemed to be taken in the matter, the body of the hall being well-filled, and the City Councillors and others showing themselves on the platform. The meeting was addressed at some length by the Mayor, Mr. Traylen, Dr. Jameson, Mr. John Elliott, Councillors Haynes and Harwood. Dr. Scott, who on making some remarks from the body of tbe room was vocifer ously called on toascend the platform, did so, and in the end made a capital speech. There was, however, not a single speaker who venturned to let the cat out of the bag, or state the real rea son why a water supply was desired. The speakers, one and all, dilated on the necessity for a supply of water from some other source than the wells of the town, as the only means of preserving the public health. One speaker quoted|medical|opinions on the causes of " zymo tic diseases," and more than one endeavored to prove to the audience that the citizens of Perth bad, witboutjbeing aware of it, existed for fifty years in an atmosphere of 'death, and had been pouring down their throats germs of disease to which alcohol was nothing. Indeed, it was shown that, if abstract medical opinions on the causes of disease are worth anything, it could only have been by the interposition of a special providence that any such city as Perth was to be found on the face of the earth. But there was one thing abont which no one said a word, and that was the great convenience of having water in any part of the house where it is want ed without going to any farther tronble than of turning an accommodating tap. The abso lute silence on this point is perhaps attribntble to the fact that the country at large is to be asked to become responsible for the interest on the first outlay, and that it could not be asked to do this to save the citizens the tronble of drawing water from their wells, or for any less paramount consideration than the prevention of a pestilence. Epidemics will, from time to time, make theirappearence, and will run their course in spite of any precautions which may be taken, nor will a supply of water from the Darling Range, or from any other locality, do very much to moderate their violence. Certainly it will not prevent their appearance. Nothing, if past experience is to go for anything, will do that. Good sanitary conditions may serve to moder ate their violence, but epidemics come we know not how, nor has the supply of water from a reservoir ever kept them off. Nor is it easy to see why the people of Perth possessing, as they do an abundant supply of water from their wells, should not by. cleanliness and filtration keep their health, and ward off epidemics as well without water-works as with them. Bnt it wonld not do for the capital to apply to the Government far a guarantee of the interest of a hundred thousand pounds in order to increase the valne of private property, economise domes tic labor, and provide a cheap means of irrigat ing the market gardens, and so the real object in view was kept oat of sight. It may, how ever, be questionable whether it wonld not bave been better'to take the bull by the borns, and, ac knowledging that the water supply was wanted for general purposes, ask the Government for its name on the ground that the speculation must after a few years become a paying one, and that in guaranteeing the interest on the hundred thousand pounds which would have to be borrowed it would really ran no risk. The plan, in addition to its being, In the opinion of the head of the Works Department, thoroughly sound from an engineering point of view, is admitted to be a satisfactory one in every res pect. For the price asked, mains are to be carried through every street in Perth as it iB macadamised, and the water is to be Bupplied at from Is. 2d., to 2s. 6d., the thousand gallons according to the quantity taken, and, so far as the already macadamised streets are con- erned, the undertaking is to be completed In two years from the date of the promoters ob taining their guarantee. The attempt which is being made to get the sentence of Conroy commuted to a term of imprisonment is not unnaturally creating a good deal of discussion. As a matter of course, it has the support of all those who are opposed to capital punishment as the worst use which can be made of a man, and to banging, as a bar barous mode of carrying a death sentence into effect. There are also those who regard the unsoundness of mind to which the prisoner was undoubtedly subject as being such as to largely relieve him from responsibility, while a still larger number of persons consider that when a jury attach to their sentence a recom mendation to mercy, it should receive atten tion. The Acting Chief Justice in referring to this subject during the trial of Hughes, ob served that, although the practice of recom mending the prisoner to mercy was one of very long standing, a recommendation of the kind bad no legal force, and seemed to think that it deserved very little atten tion; out custom has given it a claim to the very greatest respect — so great a claim that in many cases such an expres sion of opinion on the part of the jury wonld justify the Executive in remitting a portion of the sentence passed by the Judge in cases where, without such an expression of opinion, it wonld feel its hands tied. " The recommendation to-mercy" crept in in consequence of the severe charac ter of the English laws, and the large discre tion given to the judge of meting out the punishment for the graver kind of offences. It has been always felt that the power of the judge to vary the term of imprisonment for what is legally the same offence from a very short period to a very large one is a power which the jury should have some power of modifying. Hence the custom of the "recom mendation to mercy." It would be far better that tlie jury should have the power to bring in a man guilty of manslaughter or other crime in the first, second or third degree, as under some foreign codes, so that juries might know the exact degree of crime of which they are finding the prisoner guilty, and that the judge should he bound by their finding. But in the absence of such legal distinctions and the fact that the "recommendation of mercy" is the only substitute for them should lead judges to treat it with the greatest respect. One would imagine they would be only too glad to be relieved of a portion of this responsibili ty and left at liberty to lighten the sentence of the prisoner. Unhappily, however, this is not always, if generally, the feeling of the judgp, and in England, where many judges are old. irritable, and suffering from bodily infirmities, the sentence of the prisoner is often increased by such a trifling circumstance as the hour of the day in which it is given, while a twinge of the gout or a badly warmed court on a frosty day' may lead to a perfectly savage sentence being awarded, where under circumstances more favorable to the judge's (bodily comfort one of only a few years would have beeir pronounced. Mr. Shenton has consented to again stanch for the Mayoralty of the City, and is regarded as sufficiently strong to gain the day over any opponent who may set up against hiin. Mr. Traylen, who is the only person spoken of as likely to contest the honor of wearing the " furred robes," has gained considerably popu larity since he contested Perth against Messrs. Scott and Horgan, but he has not a ghost of a chance against one with such a strong follow ing as the invincible George. It might have been an advantage to introduce some uew blood and a further advantage to have a Municipal Council as well as a Mayor — a thing which will not exist, except in name, as long as the present Mayor holds office. He is as absolute over his Council as is the Governor over his Executive. But, there is no doubt that, although rather arbitrary, he gives the business of the municipality great and con stant attention, and is fully up to his work. He was made far a Mayor. Business is exceedingly dull both in Perth and Fremantle. Some of the largest houses have been for some time past doing little or nothing, and a few of the number are even short of stock. In the uncertainty which pre vails as to tee turn which things will take it is thought advisable to incur no liabilities be yond what are absolutely unavoidable in order to keep the business going. The immense number of distributors who have sprang up, consequent on the recent influx of small shop keepers from South Australia, has served to add to the feeling of anxiety existing among the larger firms, and influenced them in limit ing their operations. The change in the telegraph hours, though hailed by the public by a convenience, is being feltseverely by the operators to whom acontinuous attendance from nine in the morning to seven in the evening is of_ course very much more fatiguing than one from eight to four with a break of three hours, and then an hour from seven to eight. There is a general feeling that if tbe hours are to he longer and the attendance continuous, there should be either more pay, or an increase in the staff. e 