P9KTLAK9. (fsdm orb ovry coEBEsroanENT.) Anc 1 Aran I have to chronicle a defeat suffered by toe locxl footba.ll team, thin time at the handi of representatives of the Casterton Clnb. After this I feel almost isciined to coincide with an opinion 1 heard expressed the other day that the local Clubs play very well amongst themselves, bat are no good when pitted against foreign teams. And worse still it was not any one of the three local Clubs, bat the United Team that repre sented tu. Bat nothing else could hare been expected ; about a mouth since a representative team from the four Cinbe was chosen to play foreign matches, and as yet they have never practised once together save in Saturday's match. The contest giving rise to the above introductory re marks took place on Saturday. The Caster- tonians only brought down 15 men, and the game was played with that number a side. Foar minutes after the kick- off the first goal was kicked for CastertQQy and before quarter time a second was aaaea. uasx oeiore nau-ame ue Tiuiujru obtained a third goal, while the score of the local's etood at nil. After half-time the visitors did not have matters so much their own way ; when it was too late the locals appeared to gain a little method, and serera bebinds. including one or two good chances for goals, were kicked by the home team, while not even a behind was secured for Casterton. The final result was : Casterton, 3 goals ; Portland, niL Of the two teams, I shoold say Casterton was decidedly the heavier, and Saturday was undoubtedly a day suitable to aheavy team. W ing men were useless in tbeir proper department, the ground being mnd from one end to the ether with, in several places, a minature swamp. I consider the representative team chosen for Satarday might be considerably improved upon : but what's the use of talking — we were beaten, and there's no get out of it. There is to be still more tree-planting. The proceedings on Wednesday passed off with such cclat that a cood many who did not plant were Eorry, and to restore the equa nimity of these it is now proposed to plant J alia -street and a block of Bentinck -street, enoagh promises having already been ob tained, X understand, to enable this to be dose. There has been a good deal of discussion on the nnlooked-for fiasco in connection with our annual election of Councillors, and the action of persons going round with requisi tions for gentlemen to be nominated when the alleged nominees had distinctly pre viously eta ted they would not come forward is unfavorably commented upon. It kept others, it is said, who would have nominated from doing so. However, it will do no good to talk about it now ; those gentlemen who were deprived of the first chance will now have another opportunity of sacrificing themselves on the altar of their country. "It rains and the wind is never away." I bope there is nothing out of the way in the above, for I see one correspondent of yours has taken another to for some slop- real or imagined — in connection with the weather. I think, anyhow, it will convey all that need be remarked on this subject ; something must be said, for it continually forces itself on one's notice. The ghost walks. I am informed that the shadowy (presumably so, though I should like to see a dose of shot test his or her— have ghosts' sezes ? — substantiality) visitant again prowls round in the dreary midnight hours ; but so far the suburbs have been the only portions of the town favored with the visits of the shade. Housewives would do well to gather in tbeir weekely wash before dark. There are greater nuisances than ghosts ; sometimes about a dozen goats knock abost the streets at all hours, and though some indignant householders would take advantage of the absence of any preventive law and shoot the beggars, a byelaw pre vents the discharge of firearms in the Borough — ergo the goats flourish and wax fat. The Council met this morning for the purpose of choosing a chairman for the ensaing year. Who would be elected was not generally known, although several names were mentioned as likely. How ever, there was no opposition. Or. Be ran proposed that Cr. Pile be re-elected Mayor for the ensuing term. That gentle man filled the position during a very heavy year, and it was but just tbathe should have the benefit of as easy term. The motion was seconded by Cr. Day, supported by other Councillors, and carried with acclamation. A.q adjournment was afterwards made to drink the usual healths. 