COUNTRY MAILS. SOUTHERN AND WESTERN DISTRICTS. ("From Local Papers to 13th July.) Mr. G. P. M. Murray, the police-magistrate of Toowoomba, has been seriously indisposed for the past f e w days. Last Thursday he went to Warwick on magisterial business, and just as he stepped into the night train to return home he was suddenly seized with illness. He was at once conveyed from the railway station by Mr. Arthur Morgan to the residence of a friend. Dr. Phillips attended, and he was of opinion that Mr. Murray was suffering from a choleraic attack. On Friday evening he returned to Toowoomba, and since then has been confined to his room. Mr. Murray is now molong rapid advance towards recovery. At the Crow's Nest Police Court on the 7th instant, John Brennan was charged on summons with unlawfully using a strawberry bullock, branded MM off ribs and BOW near ribs, the property of one Henry Robertson, without the consent of the owner or the person in lawful possession thereof. Defendant pleaded not guilty, but the bench having heard the evidence which showed that the animal had been found as stated at the defendant's camp, near Gatton, found him guilty and fined him £10 and £1 12s. 6d. costs, or, in default of payment, three months' imprisonment in Toowoomba Gaol. He was allowed a fortnight to pay the fine. At the Toowoomba Police Court on Tuesday Thos. Walsh was charged at the instance of the Commissioner for Railways, with transferring a second-class railway ticket in contravention of the by-laws. John M'Grath, station-master, Toowoomba, produced a certified copy of the railway by-laws, but Mr. Hamilton, solicitor, who appeared for defendant, objected, holding that the original by- laws could alone be taken as evidence. Mr. Mackay, who prosecuted on behalf of the railway authorities, replied, but the bench upheld Mr. Hamilton's objection, and the case was therefore) dismissed on this technical ground. The defendant was allowed costs, £2 2s. Mr. Mackay gave notice of appeal. Two other cases of a similar nature were withdrawn by consent. A gentleman who travelled from Warwick to Toowoomba on Monday evening tells us (D. D. Gazette) that on large tracts of country along the railway line, between Allora and Clifton, a distance of ten miles, there was one line of flame, at a distance of four miles from the railway, and stretching five or six miles further away. The scene was inexpressibly grand and beautiful, but yet there was a dangerous element in it, had the westerly winds continued, that might have been far from pleasant. The grass in that part of the country must now be as dry as under. At the Toowoomba Circuit Court on Tuesday Joseph Harris, late of Cutbush-lane, cattle dealer, was charged with not discovering the whole of his affairs to the trustee of his insolvent estate of, Joseph Stirling, inasmuch as he did not give information concerning the sale of a buggy he bought for the sum of £42 from Stirling. The defence set up was that the accused was justified in refusing to answer questions as a criminal charge was pending against him in connection with the same matter. The Chief Justice in summing up stated that the evidence of Mr. Stirling must convict the prisoner if the jury believed it, and he saw no reason why it should not be given full credence. The law was most explicit, and demanded in the interests of public policy that an insolvent should make full disclosure of his affairs; not only was it a question of public policy, but also of common honesty; it was only just that an insolvent should strive to remedy his evils, the imprudence or misfortunes occasioned. The offence that the prisoner had committed was most expressly provided against, and made penal in the statute ; he was not a dealer in buggies ; he had no family, and thus had no excuse for what he did. He refused to disclose his affairs, and so came under the law. After a short absence the jury returned with a verdict of guilty. His Honour in passing sentence said he looked upon Harris in the fight of one who stole the property of others. He was a thief as well as a swindler. Considering that he had already been in gaol for more than three months, he would sentence him to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. The Surat correspondent of the Western Star says Our bridge works again show signs of vitality. The present bridge was erected some years since by the late Mr. Stringfellow. Tenders were called for the new structure by the Government, and that of Messrs. Gilbert and Doyle, of Toowoomba, accepted. After working at the new site (which crosses the Balonne opposite the Royal Hotel for about twelve months, most of the material being on the ground, the staging on both sides erected, and seventeen piles driven, the contractors jibbed on the job and threw up the contract. Last week five skilled workmen from Brisbane arrived at Surat and started work, pulling down Messrs. Gilbert and Doyle's work. The site of this Wandering Jew of bridges has been again changed. Seven of the piles have already been extracted, and by this week the whole of them will be removed to the new site on the eastern side of the old bridge. The new bridge will be erected under the superintendence of Mr. M'Lellan, and in about six months' time it will probably be finished. Alexander Elsdale, the owner of some buildings which had been placed on Miltouese run without authority, has been ordered by the St. George bench to remove them with a month, and to pay the costs of Mr. Robert M'Micking, the lessee of the run. During the flood in the river on Tuesday last (says Saturday's Charleville Times) a young woman into the stream at the crossing, and by some means got displaced from his seat on the horse's back. He, however, managed to clutch the branches of a tree, and there he yelled until assistance came to him in the shape of k black fellow, who swam out and released him from his dangerous position. Another person, in attempt- ing to cross was washed off his horse's back and had to swim for it. At the Charleville Land Court last week several applications for grazing farms were received and approved. The following are the lots selected . Portion lv., Tathuninnrru, Thomas, Pickard portion 2., Tathuinnurra, James AVolcn; portion 3., Burenda, Matthew Ware. Mary. Green appeared on behalf of all the applicants. The Peak Mountain branch of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows had a big time of it on Jubilee night. They left the Peak Crossing about midd ,y on Tuesday and arrived at the foot of Mount Flinders late in the afternoon. They tied up their horses for the night and ascended the mount, each man carrying his own food and a portion of fireworks for a big? display. Bonfires were lighted, and a very happy night spent on top of the mountain. The fireworks displays in both Brisbane and Ipswich were visible from their high perch. TAROOM. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A, , ., " July 8. The only item of stock news for the week is the passing through on the 6th instant of a mob of fats, mixed cows and bullocks! from Wealwandangie and Cardbeign, near Springsure, mechanic of Mr. Mallyon; this lot are destined for Di is bane, via Miles, to be trucked from the latter place ; this is a very ripe lot. The weather since the rain has got exceedingly cold and frosty stock of all sorts are cutting up very much from excessive cold ; grass and water are plentiful yet. MARYBOROUGH. From Local Papers to 13th July.) The subscriptions handed in to cover the fine of £50, lately inflicted on Trenholme, the engine-driver have now reached £57. It is proposed to divide the surplus between the Maryborough and Gympie Hospitals, as subscriptions were received from both places. Messrs. Fairbrother and Co., the contractors for the Isis Branch railway, have commenced the construction of the dam across the Isis River near the railway bridge. The cost will be divided between the Isis Divisional Board, Isis Investment Company, and the Government. It is estimated that the work will cost at least £600. No intelligence has yet been received of Mr. Charles Wilson, of Thomson's Plat, whose disappearance has caused some anxiety. It appears he came down from Gympie by the train on the 28th June, and stopped at Mr. Lindort's place that night, as he was somewhat the worse of liquor. Next morning about 9 o'clock he got up, apparently all right, an i left for his fam- His brother reported next me mind that he had not come home, and since that he has not been s in. The directors of the May Queen Gold Mining and Quartz Crushing Company of Brovinia, the place being some i forty miles to the south-west of Gayndah, have resolved to resume operations again. The manager and staff will go up there next week, and crushing machinery is ordered, part being already in Maryborough and part of the WA day up. The machinery to be set up is of c of F. A. Huntiudou's centrifugal roller quartz mill, which will cost some £600, and will be capable of crushing up to some 25 tons of quartz daily. This machine, which is quite on the opposite principle of the stamper battery, is spoken of very highly by. those who have used it. The scaffolding is slowly being lowered from the Church of England tower, as the various finishing touches are put on from the summit downwards. The tower stands out as a massive land-mark for miles round, and its battlements are plainly visible at a considerable distance as they are some 33ft. from the ground. The interior of the erection is divided into four stories, in the third of which will be the peal of bells, which should be here by Christmas. The tower is of immense thickness in order to carry the peal and bear the vibration during the ringing. AAre / Chronicle learn from Mr. John Murray, superintending engineer to the Mount Shamrock Gold Mining Company, that the new crushing battery is now complete all but a few trifling details, and he proceeds to Mount Shamrock on Monday next for the purpose of starting the battery at permanent work on the large body of auriferous stone now awaiting crushing. News was received in Maryborough on Tuesday of a painful accident on Bimbirrim. Mr. Horace Antill, overseer, was attending to some machinery in the mill when his left hand was drawn into the cogs and dreadfully crushed. He was taken to the Gympie Hospital where it was found necessary to cut off the hand at the wrist, an operation that was successfully performed. MACKAY. (From Local Papers to 7th July The crushing season may now be considered fairly started in this district (says the Mercury), and as far as output is concerned, promises to be a good one. The market, however, shows but faint signs of improvement, and planters can only console themselves with the fact that there is as much glorious uncertainty about the market as there is about law. Considerable annoyance has been caused (says the Standard) by the antics of some individual who is reported to have been amusing himself by assuming various disguises, mostly of a de- maniacal character, and suddenly appealing in unexpected places and frightening children or timid women. One lady was so frightened that she fell into a fit. On Tuesday night the most ludicrous scene occurred in North-street, near the R.C. Church. A number of men saw the ghost and promptly chased him. A most exciting and unique ghost hunt followed. Such words as "There he is, well to bring the gun" accompanied by showers of stones, threats from big men with big sticks, and vicious cries from the huntsmen made things look so unpleasant for the arch fiend that he fled, yelling, and only his swiftness of foot saved him from being thrashed within an inch of his life. A cablegram from London addressed to the Gas Company notifies sale of another 1000 shares, and the fact that the money is at once available. Such being the case, no time will be lost in getting forward with the completion of the works, and there is a distinct prospect of Mackay being lit with gas by the end of this year at the latest. A geologist of established repute recently on a visit to this district has expressed the opinion that deposits of coal will be found within twenty miles of the port. A rice mill, the first introduced into the district, was landed in Mackay from Cooktown on Tuesday last, having been purchased by Mr. James Thomas, Lopen Farm. It will be used to treat the small crop of rice which is now growing on his land. The mill is a small one, capable of turning out 13cwt. of rice a day, and the crop this year will probably produce 5 tons. CHARTERS TOWERS. (From Local Papers to 6th July.) Although tenders were called for additions to the Post and Telegraph Office here three months ago, and a tender of a Townsville firm accepted six weeks since, there are no signs of the contractors starting work, says the Herald. With the increase of business here it is time the alterations were completed. Rumour bath it also that the successful tender was not among those received at the proper date. The matter requires looking into. . Major Haldane has been pretty busy during his present visit here. On Saturday he inspected the arms and accoutrements of the Defence Force, and on Monday he was present at the rifle match between the Rifle Club and the Defence Force, when several improvements were promised. The present targets are to be removed to one side, and Colonel French's will be substituted. An iron house, subdivided into rooms, will be erected, with a tank inside, a compartment each being reserved for the club and the Defence Force. In these will be stored all the things required during matches or practice shooting, and the new arrangements will be found a great improvement on those of the present primitive style. Mr. A. W'. Clarke, Government mineralogical lecturer, is delivering a course of addresses at the School of Arts.. The Herald says "the attendances are only moderate, but the attention great." ., Grattan Riggs took £116 at the doors on the opening night of his dramatic season at the School of Arts. 