Cht Äaltofl Cimes. WALLAEOO, WEDNESDAY. DEC. 7, 1887. THE OOPPEB MAEKET. By reference to a paragraph in another column, from .the latest files of the Mining Journal it will be seen that there is a tuple justification for the recent rise in the price of copper. Consequently those who have been holding back from the purchase of shares in copper mines, for fear that the increased price was a ¿momentary rise, wiU have their minds relieved. It is a notable fact that to-foretell any material change intbetyti{&<ofj>Qpper is a thing beyond thé power of eves experts. The last English papers left ji'ist a few days before the present rise too.k place, and the mining papera then jsaid that any alteration for ¡the ; better m the price of copper «earned a® impossibility. Yet within a week afterwards the metal reached a figure which it had not pouched ior the past eighteen months, and now the market price is .liigber than it bas been for some years. The main cause . is. the fact that the supplies are not «quai to the demand, and the visible sap», plies have fallen off to such an extent that this condition of 1 hinga is likely to last for some time to come. We are not surprised at the turn events have taken, for in- an article dealing witirthe question last year we quoted statistics which proved that America iiad" reached her maximum output, and at the beginning of the present year news reached the colony that the Arizona and Aniconda mines had shut out 5,000 hands rendering $23,000,000 worth of machinery inactive. When we consider that during the last fiye vears, when trade has been more i depressed that at almost any other I period of the world's history, the [ consumption of copper has almost ! kept pace with the increased produc tion, then the wonder is that the improvement did ' not begin some months earlier. Probably the reason is that the English copper merchants like many people in this district had made up their minds that the market would never rise again to any appreci able extent. It would be impossible to estimate the benefit -which must accrue to this district, even if the metal remains at its present price. Already it is stated publicly that I scores of .miners will return from the ! silver fields to resume work in the copper mines of the Peninsula. Many of those at the Barrier haye their families here, and will probably return even if they cannot get as high wages, so long as they can make sure of remunerative employment. And we understand that several contracts have been let on each of the large mines at better, prices than have obtained for a yery long time. And it is not only the mining community that will be benefited ; if the mines are once more in full work farmers who are now clearing their land and burning the timber will be able to secure fair prices for firewood, while an increased population will provide a ready and good market for all their dairy produce. Xfc is safe to say, taking all these things into account, that the improved state of things means an increase in the prosperity of the district by quite £100,000 a year. Kadexa Monthly Mabket—We would direct special attention to Malcolm & Co 's monthly Bale at Kadina on Saturday D'c. 10 ; this was postponed from last Saturday. Moonta Benevolent Society. — The monthly meeting of this Society w«s held on Tueedav, December 6, at the Council Chamber, when there were present—Mr Emerson (Vice-President) in the chair, and eight members of the Committee. The Secre tar? {Mr W. J. Phillips) laid before the meeting an application from an invalid iriner, resident on the Minea, whose case had been favourably dealt with three months since. Not being considered urgent, the application was not entertflined. Two others mentioned by Messrs Warn and Wilkinson as being needy cases could not be received without an appli cation coming through the Secretary- The meeting then adjourned: Gexekal Meeting- of Regatta Commit tee«-—A general meetrng of the Regatta Com mittee was held at Bristowe's Hotel, on Mon da? evening, Dec. 5. The President, Dr Gosse, occupied the chair. The Secretary (Mr 3. Q-spp) presented the report of the sub-committee appointed to receive the pro gramme of sports, which was adopted with slight alteration, and a copy of which appears in our advertising columns. The Secretary also reported that the subscriptions were coming in freely, and tbat the people of Wal laroo were most heartily responding to the appeal for the support of the Regatta Funds. The Regatta may, therefore, be expected to be as great if not greater success than it has ever ;been on any former year. Banquet to Mr Maxcomu's Suppobtebs. —On Friday evening last the supporters of Mr Malcolm were banquetted at Mr Cropley's hole!. Mr D. Taylor, who was invited to take the chair, presided, and Mr Burton occupied the vice-chair. After ample justice had been done to a sumptuous spread, the Chairman proposed the usual Loyal and patriotic toasts. The Vice-Chairman then pro posed in a neat speech the Mayor (Mr Malcolm), who suitably responded. The hoBt ard hoBtess and press having been duly proposed and honored the party adjourned to the Council Chamber. Mr and Mrs Cropley are lo be commended for the really excellent spread provided. Eyerything was first-class even to the serving. ; - A PsCTjIJAB Death.—A telegram dated Sydney, December 5, says—A young woman, aged 20, named Margaret Kennedy, died un der peculiar circumstances early yesterday ' morning. It appears that on Saturday night she tried to get an interview with a young man named Charles Sullivan, with whom she i had been keeping company. Her presence : wa8 objected to by Michael Sullivan, brother Charlas, and a scuffle ensued. Kennedy °* tftined of baling been maltreated, went oomp. , , . tbe next morning. Death home anu paries to the Bkull, and resulted from j- * bruised about the deceased vas also ^rrested on the legs. . Michael Sullu t|)e The charge of being concerned ». bßi was inquest commenced to-day (M.O- *" adjourned till Thursday Deo 8. The ScuiiiDíG- Championship op Would.—À Sydney telegram dated Dec. 5, says Peter - Kemp and Thomas Clifford signed articles on Monday morning for a sculling match lor £200 a side and the cham pionship of the world, to take place on the Parramatta champion course, on Saturday Febrnaiy 11. Hanlan accepted Trickett's challenge to row on the Fitzroy River in April or May for £500- Hanlan has 'suggested tbat all scullers in Aus tralia aspiring to the championship should contribute £200 each to sweepstakes, to be rowed for in heats, the man winning the final to be entitled to the championship. He pro poses that Kemp, Clifford, Neil Mattèrson, , aad Trickett should join him in arranging such a series of contests on the Parramatta within ¡ She next two or three months. I The Sweabing in of Matob and Cotjn- j CUXOKS AT WaMiABOO.—On Friday evening : the Returning Officer (Mr Cr Chatfield) anci ] several of the old Councillors and Town Clerk | attended at the Cguncil Chamber to witness the formal swearing-in of Mr Malcolm as ' Mayor, and Messrs 1. Hamence and Woo. Harman as Councillors. At the close of the I ceremony complimentary remarks were made , by all t(i8 Co.nneiHors present on the election j of "Rjfr Malcolm as Mayor. That gentleman I afterwards invited those present to Mr Bris towe's Globe Hotel, where the company were right loyally regailed with fruit, cake and win«*. The Mayor occupied the chair, and Councillor PhillipB the vice- chair. A pleasant ijrO' hours were spent by all present.,. Mr Bristowe had on the table every description^. frffip in season, and it was unquestionably the best dippjay of fruit for variety and quality we have seen oo any such occasion on the Penin sula. It is needles.» to add that the gentlemen present did justice to thfi spread. The Mayor spared no expense in showing £is appreciation ¡of the honor conferred upon him. Cake will be seen by adveriise cjpnt. ^eleevfliére fia&p;ß is to be a cake fair, flower «how and jbàzaar tjje Institute Hali, Kadina, on BoringDay. thjs id in connec tion with the Primitive ifethod^t .Church, ¿adina, A strong committer -has b^en form ed, and' »iß Meeting held on Friday night laBt an excellent programme was prepared, and s number of splendid prizes collected for com petition. i'SSiera .are four lists—viz., Qxneral pastrf, bobera, dai-y and juvenile, and in ad ditiontfaere is to be a recitation contest and promenade concert, and altogether the affair promises to be à success, and should commend . itself to the notioe of friends throughout the district. Fallest particulars will appear in ; programmes to be issued in Saturday's Times. We have se?n over forty of the prizes at • Mr Farghers, consisting of faisable cruets, honey and biscuit barrels, butter dishes, handsome reading lamps and vases, and other useful and ornamental prizes. Besides those we saw more valuubie prizes will oe offered. A Distressing-Case.—If ever there tras a i-ate deserving of practical sympathy it appears to be the following, an account of which we take from the Hi. B. Courier :—Mr Grosser, who for some seasons past has farmed in the hundred of Ridley, some miles up the river from Mannum, has been anything but a fav orite ' with fortune. For several successive years his crops have been failures, and at the beginning of the present season he was left in such a straitened condition that he found it impossible to buy seed. By terribly hard work, which occupied every available hour of day and night he managed to get 200 acres ploughed. Then by the kindness of neighbors who, when their sowing was done, gave him the surplus seed, he contrived to put the whole area under crop. It looked as if his industry was to be rewarded, for something like a 16 bushel average appeared certain a few weeks ago. The disastrous hailstorm which passed «ver that part of the country early this month left its track over his holing, and when the fearful downfall ceased, the balk of his wheat was cut up into useless chaff, and only about five aores were left ñt for the reap er. Other farmers in the same locality suf fered severely, but no harder sase can be men tioned than that of Mr Grosser. Colonial Federation.—A.tticus writes the following concerning the prospects of colonial federation ;—A Dutch concert, where each man sings his own song separately, and then each sings his own song in chorus with the others, very much resembles the Australian concert of to- day. Queensland tries the air of " Paddle jour own Canoe" on the defence question ; New South Wales, addressing Mr Speight, shouts at the top of her voice, "Blustering Railer," and refuses to be brought into harmony ; South Australia sighs plaintively, " Oh, what a Narrow Line Divides Tasmania bellows, " Tax the Blooming Bagman and New Zealand has a running doggrel sung by her statesmen of " Letters Atone j" while "Victoria, the advo cate and promoter of Federation, *f Sings a Song of Sixpence" on the importation of sheep that is heard wild and high over the other cries. The Australian concert is not musical. We want a drum-major—some one who will drill us into the same airs, and let our voices be heard in accord across the world. The colonies could hardly be more separated if one belonged to Russia, another to France, to Germany, Spain, Italy. We have separate tariffs, separate interests, separate likings and dislikings. And yet we are the same people, while brothers, chi!dr«n, parents are mixed throughout the whole group. We have not yet had one great Australian. The coming man is the drum-mojor who will bring the Australian discord into concert. Even Lawyers can make Mistakes.— Says "Aulus" in the Australasian At a recent agricultura! show a younu lawyer, who owns an estate in the neighbourhood, had a hack entered, which took a prize. Towards evening a Melbourne dealer said to him, " I want a good hack ; have you anything in for sale ?" " Certainly, there's Diamond, just took a prize, rising five, you can have him for a twenty-pound note." "All right, let me have a look at him." The vendor took his friend over to the horse-yard ; and the animal pointed out to the dealer so met with his ap proval, that he concluded the bargain at once, arranged tor the saddle and bridle being lent to him, and rode away to catch the Melbourne train. The lawyer waB going on his way re joicing, well pleased on his part with the sale, when he met his groom leading a horse. " What prad is that, Jim ? Will it do for me to ride home ? I have just sold Diamond and seut him off to Melbourne." " Sent Diamond away, sir ! Why this is Diamond I have got here." The horrid truth flashed on the other, he had sold somebody else's horse. His forensic mind showed him all the probable eventualities at a glance. Se saw in imagina tion the dealer arrested as a horse-stealer, and bringing an action against him for heavy damages, and as nobody dreads a law- suit, that i» a suit where he is a party himself, like a lawyer, he was on Diamond's back in a moment, and broke the record in the time he made to the railway-station, where he luckily found the dealer still unarrested, and squared matters at the expense of a fiver. The Ahebicait Protectionists. — The Protectionist leaders in the United States are sparing no pains to maintain in the present enormous tariffs. An association has been formed at Philadelphia of wealthy monopo. lists for the purpose of educating publie opinion on the advantages of protection, and the members have agreed to subscribe £20,000 per annum for this purpose. The uusonnd ness from their point of view, of college professors is their special difficultv, and all they can do to counteract this influence is to allege that British gold is at the bottom of it. At last, however, they have secured one con vert, and a text book which he is preparing is to be brought out under the auspicoB of the association. As it is impossible to go on loping up a prodigious surplus the Protec tionists »re inclining more and more to the proposal to abolish the internal taxes and get rid of the proceeds of the tariff in that way. " It would be a bold ste,..," writes a New York correspondent of the Birmingham Post, *' to- advocate free whisky, beer, and tobacco, but many of the Protectionist leaders are prepared to take this step, if by so doing the tariff can be preserved intact. Better a satur nalia of free intoxicants than a reduotion of revenue by cutting off a portion of the 80 per cent duty on steel rails, the 86 per cent on window glass, the 55 per cent on plain earth enware, and the 70 to 90 per cent on woolen goods. But I don't think that outside of Pennsylvania, and a few hundred millionare monopolists, many people are prepared to adopt such a policy." Renamina New South Wales.—Refering to the action of Sir Henry Parkes in the above matter the Sydney Bulletin says :—" All this life has been a plagiarist eager to anticipate a move and secure a little personal notoriety. This recent attempt at injustice to the other colonies is nothing new to his career. He is anxious to arrogate to the colonists, who per çut Jiim to ride rough-shop over them, the titte ¡of Australians because " Australian" . :<v«t now a popular name. It is nothing to !9.J~ " be is. robbing Queenslanders or birthright. To hiai, the Victorians ot * , ** -, * A „ fact that they will n? longer ^stpalfaiis enhances the pleasure of assT .e es,®B" ation for his own colony. The giT® of til is Continent is personal politics. ^ Premier is jealous of all the rest. The most dishonest means are resorted to to secure a point of personal advantage. Honour is caBt to the winds of heaven, the most specious special pleading is descended to, and the most iniquitous dodgery put in motion to obtain an alleged and temporary superiority over the others, by eyery politician who wields power beneath the Southern OrOBs. In New South Wales alone the Ministry is a blow-fly Ministry—it fattens on flagrant political corruption, and grows fat and gross on quest ionable manoeuvring. The persistent aim of Parkes & Co. is division of interest. They divide to goyern, because they know that if Federal interests were to prevail, government by themselves would be impossiple. Like other blow-flies, they would be brushed aside from the healthy political body and relegated to their natural carrion. King Solomon and the Blacksmith.— The blacksmith bas sometimes been called the king of mechanics, and this is the way he is said to have earned the distinction. The story goes that, during the building of Solo mon's Temple, that wise ruler decided to treat the artisans employed on his famousedifice to a banquet. White the men were enjoying ¿i»e good things his bounty had provided, Sing Solomon moved about from table to table to become better acquainted with his workmen. " My fricpd, what is your trade ?" " A carpenter." " And yho makes your tools?" "The blacksmith," rejrfied the car penter. To another Solomon said, " Wbi* is your trade ?" And the reply was, " A mason.*7 " And who makes your tools ?" •* The black smith does," replied the mason. The third stated that he jras a stone-cutter, and that the blacksmith also made his tools. The fourth man whom King J^olomon addressed vas the blacksmith himself. He was a power ful man with bared arms, on which the muscles stood out in bold relief, and, seeming ly, almost as hard; as the metal he worked. " And what is your trádej,' my good man?". said the king. " Blacksmith," replied the man ot the anvil and sledge. " And who makes your tools ?" " Make 'em myself" said the blacksmith. Whereupon King Solo mon immediately proclaimed him the king of mechanics, becaúse'he rouid not only make his own tools, but all other artietns were forced, to go to htm to have their tools made: íáPüftUBON Leaving, THE BaFXIST.—Re ferring to the abóvv the Glasgow Mail of Oct, 29 says:—On Weijiiesiiuv, Mr ápurgeon announced that he had resigned membership of the Baptist Union. This decision, hinted at some weeks ago, will be received by the Baptist Union with much surprise. Though the tension has been great, it was confidently hoped that-he would not lake this extreme course. The cauae~ñf his withdrawal is the unaatiefactory action which he thinks has been taken regarding his charges against ministers and churches of being on the " down grade," both theologically and spiritually. He argues that to pursue union at the expense of truth ie treason to the liord Jesus. He will keep his words. To tamper with them would be to act as traitors. Âs a matter of tact, he proceeds, believers in Christ's atonement ace now in deolared religóos union with those who make l'ght of it, those holding evangelical doctrine being in open alliance with those who call the fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitution for the lost. Ue thinks we haye before us the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely con cealing their contempt for those who cannot be guilty ot such gross disloyalty to Christ. This being so he retires at once, urging that the union is only a yoluntary association. Replying to the question, " Why not start a new denomination ?" he says it íb a question for which he has not any liking. There are enough denominations, he declares,- ani if a new denomination ! were formed the thieves and robbers who have entered the gardens walled round would climb into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides, the ex pedient is not needed among Churches which are self governing and self determining. Such Churches can lind their own affinities without difficulty, and keep their own costs clear of in vaders. Mr Spurgecn, in concluding* hopes that the day will come when, in larger com munion than any sect offer?, all who are one in Christ may be able to bleed in manifest unity. This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life and a cleaving in all things to Christ. 