THE PERSEO'UTORS OF THE: OHRISTIANS. Herod Antipas, who beheaded John :the Baptist, and treated Christ. contemptuously when He was brought before: him, was defeated by Aretas, an Arabian king, and afterwards had his dominnonu taken from him, and was sent into banishment along with 'his infamous wife Herodlus by the emperor Caius. Herod Agrippa killed James the brother of Johe, and put Peter in prison. The angel of the Lord :soon after smote him, and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost. Judns, that betrayed our' Lord, died by his own hands, the mostignominiousof all deaths. Pontius Pilate, who co idemned our blessed Saviour to death, was not long afterwards de. posed from his offiee, banished from his country, and died by his own hands; the Divine vengeance overtaking him soon after his crime. The high priest Caolphan, was deposed by Vitellius three years after the death of Christ. Thus this wickedman, who condemned Christ for fear of disobliging the Romans, was igno miniously turned out of his office by the Roman governor, whom he had sought to oblige. Ananias, the high priest, 'persected St. Paul, and insolently ordered the bystanders to smite him on the month.' On which the apostle said, "God shall emite thee, thou whited wall." Whether he spoke this pro phetically or not, may be difficult to say ;' but certain it is, that some time after he was slain, together with his brother, by his own son. Ananus, the high priest, slew'St. James the less; for which and other outrages, he was deposed by King Agrippa, the younger, and probably perished in the last destruction of Jerusalem. Catullus was Governer of Libya about the year 73. He was also a cruel persecutor of the Jews, and he died miserably. For though he was only turned'out of this' office by the Romans, yet he' fell into a complicated and incurable disease, being sorely tormented both in body and mind. He was dreadfully terri ted, and.continually crying out that he was haunted by the ghosts of those' whom he had murdered, and, not being able to contain himself, ho' leaped out of his bed, as if he were tortured with fire and put to the rack. This distemper increased till his entrails were all corrupted, and came out of his body,. and thus he perished, as signal an example as ever was known of the Divine justice rendering to the wicked according to their deeds. Claudius Herminianus was a cruel persecu. tor of the Christians in the second century and was eaten of worms while he lived. Decius persecuted the Church about the year A.D. 250; he was soon after killed in battle. Domitian persecuted the Christians also. It is said that le threw St. John into a caul. dron of boiling oil, and afterwards banished him into the Island of Patmos. In the fol lowing year this monster of wickedness was murdered by his own people. The Jewish nation persecuted. rejected and crucified the Lord of Glory. Within a few years after, their nation was destroyed, and the Lord made their plagues wonderful. Flaccus was governor of Egypt near the time of our Saviour's death, and a violent persecutor of the Jews. The wrath of God, however, ere long overtook him, and he died by the hands of violence. Caius, the' Roman emperor, was a great persecutor of the Jews and Christians, and a blasphemer of the God of heaven. Soon after his atrocities, however, he was murdered by oneof his own people. Soveros, emperor of Rome, was a violent and cruel persecutor of the followers of Christ. He also, and all his family perished miserably, about the year 200 after our, Saviour. About the same time, Saturnius, governor of Africa, persecuted the Christians and put several of them to death. Soon after he went blind. HeiogabPlus, the emperor, brought a new 'god to Rome, and would needs compel all his subjects to worship him. This was sure to have ended in a cruel persecution of the Christians. But soon after, this vile monster was slain by his own soldiers, about the year A.D. 222. saximianas Herculeus, another of the wretched persecuting enmperors, was eom pelled to hang himself in ;he year AD. 310. Maxentius, another of the inhuman mon. sters, was overthrown in battle by Constan tine ; in his flight he fell into the Tiber and was drowned in the year A.D. 312. Valerian. the emperor, had a great many good qualities, but yet was an implacable enemy to the Lord Jesus Christ and His Gospel. Sometime after he came to the throne, he was taken prisoner by Sapor, King of Persia, and used like a slave and a dog ; for the Persian monarch, from time to time, obliged this unhappy emperor to bow himself down and offer him his back, on wb:ch he set his foot, in order to mount his chariot or his horse. He died in this miserable state of captivity. Aurelian, the emperor, just intending to begin a persecution against the followers of Christ, was killed in the year A.D. 274. Iaximinus was a persecutor of the Church. He reigned only three years, and then fell under the hands of violence. Dioclesian persecuted the Church in A.D. 303. After this nothing ever prospered with him. He underwent many troubles, his senses be. came impaired, and he quitted the empire. Severns another persecuting emperor was overthrown and put to death in the year A.D. 307. About the same time Urbanus, governor of Palestine, who had signalised himself by tor menting and destroying the disciples of Jesus, met with his due reward; for almost immediately after the cruelties committed, thejDivine vengeance overtook him. He was unexpectedly degraded and deprived of all his honours; and dejected, dispirited, and meanly.iegging for mercy, was put to death by the same hand that raised him. Valens was made emperor inA.D. 364, and though a Christian himself, is said to have caused fourscore Presbyters, who differed from him in opinion, to be put to sea and burnt olive in thoship. Afterwards ina bat. tie with the Goths, he was defeated and wounded and fled to a cottage where he was burnt alive, as most historians relate; all agree that he perished. 