FICTION. -:0: Fr nu* EoRlUh, Americnu, «tiri Olticr Periodical«, THE KIVA LS. CHAPTER XLIII. ' CAN I CONFER WITH YOU IN PRIVATE ?" , TKhen the door opened, and Mr. and Mrs. H<«t;hton entered the telephone office, Margaret Bpr^g forward to meet them with a glad cry. -»She seized her mother's hands, and Mrs. Hough torijjaw that she was trembling with nervous, ex citenjfent. >, '.' Oh? mamma, I am so glad that you have como !" "What does all this meau, Margie ?" Mrs. Houghton asked, iu a low tone, inclining her head toward the figures seated about the table. She had been so anxious, her suspense had been so intolerable, that she had neither eyes nor ears for any one save her daughter when she entered. At her question, however, Margaret turned and , made a little gesture toward a figure standing-by a window, while a glad smile illumines her features. j " Louis !" whispered her mother, a look almost of awe settling over her face, while her heart leaped into her throat, as she realised that he was alive and there in her presence. His eyes were upon them, and he nodded and amiled at her; he could not come to them at that moment, as some one claimed his attention just then. Mr. Houghton and Mr. Forest had seen him the moment the door was opened, and they had stopped upon the threshold, struck motionless with as- tonishment; they could scarcely credit the evidence of their own senses. Mr. Forest was the first to recover himself, and rushed forward, his benevolent face all aglow, and seized the young man's hand in an almost vise- like grip. " I had but just heard such dreadful news about you," he said, in a glad yet trembling voice, "and I can hardly believe even now, that it is you whom I behold." " It is I, nevertheless," Louis answered, return- ing his grip, " and I ara very glad to see you, Mr. Forest, even though I am not in very good trim to meet any one," with a rueful glance at his dis- ordered attire. Mr. Houghton now joined them. ?»'Where have you been all these weeks, Dunbar ? \- what äoes it all mean ?-I am completely dazed," he said, mechanically returning Louis' hand-shake. " It is a long story, and I have no time to tell it now ; I have, however, been rather badly used, and in a very critical situation ; I should not bo here even now but for the courage and energy of your own daughter," Louis responded, bending a fond, grateful look upon Margaret, who was approaching with her mother. Louis grasped the trembling hand which Mrs. Houghton held out to him. " It is not my ghost," he said, lightly, and ? smiling, " this isa good strong hand even yet, dear Mr\ Houghton," and indeed he convinced her of the truth of his assertion by a vigorous clasp. " What in the world has Margie had to do with your disappearance?" ejaculated Mr. Houghton, astonished at what he had said regarding his daughter. " Nothing with my disappearance, but everything for my reappearance," he answered. " Tell us about it, young man-tell us about it ; I am very impatient to hear about this extraordinary adventure," said Mr. Forest, abruptly, and with a nervousness of manner that they all noticed. Louis coloured crimson. He had always greatly admired Mr. Forest, but he had been much disturbed upon seeing him enter the room. He felt extremely awkward now; it was very hard to tell him that it was through the villainy of his own nephew that all this trouble had been brought about. " Well, perhaps, I may tell you something of it," he said, after a moment of thought, and drawing them a little aside and arranging seats for them, he gave them a brief outline of what had transpired during the weeks that he had been missing. Ho avoided, however, mentioning the name of the man that so wronged him, he could not bear to do that with Mr. Forost sitting there and regarding.l him so earnestly. He believed that he was fondly attached to his nephew, that he intended making him his heir, and, even though he knew that he must soon learn the bitter truth, he shrank from I being the first to bring this heavy sorrow upon him. The man's eyes never left his face during his story -he appeared to be completely absorbed in it scarcely breathing as he listened. . When he came to Margaret's'agency in his re- lease, her father and mother were astonished beyond measure. " Margie ! how did you happen to discover any; thing about this strange affair ? I cannot compre- hend ! I-" began Mr. Houghton, aghast. "It is a long story, papa, she interrupted,, adding, with evident,., embarrassment, as .she glanced towards Mr. Forest: "And I am afraid it will not be altogether a pleasant one for you to hear, either." | " Who is this man who assaulted you and stole the money ? did you know him ?" demanded Mr. Forest, turning suddenly to Louis. "Yes, sir, well," he answered, gravely, "and, as I have already told you, he was forced, at the muzzle of the revolver that Miss Houghton brought me, to exchange places with me j they have gone after him, he will be here presently io answer for himself." " What is his name, Louis ? do not keep us in suspense," said Mr. .Houghton, uneasily, while a vague ' suspicion of the truth began to creep into his mind. "You will know very soon," Louis replied, evasively ; then added, in a lower tone : " But, be-. lieve me, I bear the man no malice ; he is young-" " Young ? It ia not your father, then ?" cried Mrs. Houghton, eagerly. She had been expecting every moment that he would mention him as the author of all his trouble. " No," be returned, sadly ; " he is, as I said, a young man ; it might have been his first offence of this kind ; and if there is any way by which we can* hush up the matter and save Iiíb name from public shame, I shall do my utmost to accomplish it, and I entreat your co-operation also." " He should be made to suffer to the extent of the law, whoever he is," Mr. Forest cried, indig- nantly. There came the sound of footsteps at this moment in the outer room. " Margaret started, growing pale, while she glanced nervously at Mr. Forest. Louis colored painfully and looked greatly dis- turbed, while every one else looked expectant. " They are bringing him, I-Mr. Forest, I wish you might have been spared this," Louis stam- mered, laying his hand with a touch of sympathy upon that gentleman's shoulder. Before he could respond, or, indeed, comprehend the meaning of the kindly words, the door was thrown open, and Arthur Aspinwall was led into the room between two men. One rapid glance about the apartment revealed every face in it to the wretched young man, while, as he met his uncle's stern, fixed gaze, he staggered as1 if from a blow, and in a low tone, muttered some- thing to himself. They placed a chair for him, and he_eank into it, dropping his head upon his breast. " Mr Forest Bprang to his feet, hesitated an instant, and then sat down again, his face now as palo as his nephew's Then there followed a lengthy examination of the case, nmd a discussion upon all its points The directors insisted upon beginning all over again , there seemed oven, yet to he a dun suspicion in the minds of some that Louis might in some way have been in league with Aithur Louis began the story relating all that had occurred up to the time of Margaret's appearance in his place of coonfinoment She was thou requested to relate minutely her proceedings, which she did, in a clear, stiaightfoi ward manner When Bhe lind concluded she drew hoi purse from her pocket and took from it something urajipcd m tissue paper Rising, she walked, with grace and dignity, tov the cashiu's desk, and laid it down befoie one of the directors r* " This, she said, " is the diamond which I found among the folds of the drapeiies in our parlor, behind the tete n. tote I have mentioned, and where I believed Mr Aspinwall was concealed during the mter\ lew that I hid with Mr Dunbar on the even- ing of his disappeaiance and of the robbery " The gentleman unfolded tho paper, and theie rolled out into his hand a pure white stone, like a great drop of dew " Thia is all that I have to tell," Margaret went on, as she resumed her seat, " unless I bear testi- mony to the fact of Mr Dunbar's discovery of the gold, which ?» as concealed in a secret closet-which anyone may see-behind a panel of the wainscoting in the room adjoining the one in which he was confined Arthur was then asked if he had anything to say in his own defence " Nothing," he replied, m a hollow tone, but without lifting his bowed head " Is the sVnv to whioh ive have just been listen ing a troe one ?" " YpbVS \1 XGt)g J \J This avowal caused considerable excitement for a moments Louis was exonerated at last-no taint would henceforth rest upon his character. But after the first sigh of relief he sprang again to his feet, an anxious look Upon his fine face. "My friends," he began, "the acknowledgment just made by Mr. Aspinwall, of course, removes all doubt from your minds, and you look upon me as ahBienest utan again. But while I desire to have nJJHgood name vindicated, and to stand clear in the .eyes of the world, I wish to plead for your indul- gence toward Mr. Aspinwall. I have told you before that he has been labouring under peculiar difficulties, and that the temptation was also a peculiar one. Think of him, if you please, as being suddenly hurled from affluence to almost a state of beggary; it would have teen such, but for the timely appearance and kindness of a friend. I have knewn him all my life ; he is one of my own countrymen, and as such I do not wish him dis- graced. I know his mother, a lovely Christian woman, who spent the best of her life in trying to make her boy a true and noble man ¡ for her sake I plead for Kim. For my own sake, also, I plead for him ; I have been the greatest sufferer in this affair, and yet I do not wish to arjpcar against him in public. I cannot bear the thought that my evidence would convict him of a great crime and doom him to an ignominious punishment, and I ask, as a' pfe^onal favour, that you will suspend all proceeauigB against him ; requiring, of course, somo pledge from him as to his future life." " It Is impossible ! it is impossible !" cried the directors, looking indignant and excited over such an astounding, almost absurd request ; while Arthur himself seemed to have forgotten for the moment his own situation, and regarded him with amazement. "Listen, please," Louis xiursued, earnestly, "your money has all been restored to you, except-" ing perhaps eight hundred or a thousand francs, and that, with the interest on the whole, I have promised shall be replaced; you have therefore nothing to gain or lose by prosecuting the case further. Besides this you will entail upon me and my friends very unpleasant results by so doing. If the matter goes into the courts it will place Miss Houghton, who, I may as well inform you, is my promised wife, in an extremely disagreeable position ; she shrinks from becoming so con- spicuous-from having her name emblazoned upon bulletin boards and sown broadcast over the land in the newspapers ; and if I can consent to overlook the wrong done to myself- the danger, suffering, and unjust suspicions-cannot you concede this much tome?" " But he is a criminal. Who knows what he will do next, if he is let loose ? he Bhould be confined should be put where he can do no further harm to any one," was the unfavourable response. " You can require him to leave your country, pledging himself never to return under penalty of arrest," urged Louis. " Monsieur Dunbar does not think of himself at all. How can he stand clear, how can all suspicion bo removed from him unless the facts of the affair are made public ?" gravely asked one gentleman. "That can be arranged, -we will arrange it somehow ; only I beg you grant me this one re- quest. I wish no reward, you have offered a large sum ; but I will relinquish all claim to it if you will gratify me in this." Louis pleaded bo earnestly and heartily that the stern faces around hiin began to relent. " What is he to you ?" some one asked suddenly, and regarding him curiously. "My countryman, and the comrade of my boy- hood," the young man answered, gravely. Arthur cringed beneath the words as if some ono had struck him with a lash. irije comrade of his boyhood ! .ttíwaa a coal of fire that would eat and burn into hil tt>uPti8 long as he lived. "ïhatis all? you have no motive save that of frieidliness and the desire to do a kind act ?'" questioned the same gentleman. "That is all," Louis returned, earnestly, ['un- less it is the hope that this experience may prove the turning point in his life, and he may be led to strive for the honorable manhood that was the hope and prayer of his mother." ! fHe glauced involuntarily toward Arthur as he concluded, and he was sure he saw a tear roll down h¡8 haggard cheek. Mr. Forest now rose and advanced towards the directors. " Gentlemen," he said in a husky, unsteady voice, " I am the friend of whom Mr. Dunbar has spoken to you. I am obliged to confess that yonder un- fortunate offender is my own nephew ; his mother was my sister; consequently I have a deep per- sonal interest in him. Can I confer with you in pji^itp for a little while ?" (To he continued.) sanai in fit' 