THE GOLDEN HOPE.-1 A BOMANCE OP THE BEEP. I dreamt ft dream that w n not all ft dream.* Et \Y. Class Russhli* Chapter XX.—A Fok’slk Discussion'. ‘ The woyage to the Indian Ocean and back, anyway,’ cried Hiram, ' touching at an island there. Ye'll allow that.’ There was a general murmur of assent. ‘Very well,’ continued Hiram, Bpeaking with excitement, 1 and I should like to know if he wsb to find a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any abipwrecked sailors belonging to the Verulam or any other wessel, I should like to know,’ he cried in hia huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyrs over the men, ' if there's e’er a seaman here as would say, ‘ I'm not agoio' to rescae that there woman or them there men; it's a job I didn't sign There was a pause, broken only by the flap of a sail ns the schooner rolled to leeward and the rippling of the water at the stem. Some bright Btara were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were ! blackening to the night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea, ‘ Why. of course.’ said Goldsmith, ham menng at a flint for his tinder-box, ‘ if yon put it in that way, capt'n, it's right enough j Ne'er a man here, I s’pose, believes in ghosts, hobjects ye can see and yet walk through without feelin’ of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yarn Johnny lay and listened to wasn’t because we was Bnch cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bonnd cut to bring home a ghost, but becaoBe none of ns not having mnch acquaintance with what goes on in parsons’ minds, we agreed that there must be something uncom mon hidden from us in this woyage, and wanted to know what it was.’ ' Well, je have the truth,' said Stone;' and I'll go a bit furder with yon yet, mates—the capt'n here'll bear me out; the reason why the clergyman didn’t tell ns afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to he spliced to was on the island, was 'cause he was afraid of being aueered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? Why. I’ve known chops afraid to say their prayers—actually ashamed to ask God’s blessing upon them and those they've left at borne—for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, choosiu’ rather to pat aside God's love than be jeered at by the raeanesi of his creatures.’ ‘ Well, that's true enough,’ grumbled Breeches. ‘ l myself have had feelin's I shouldn't ha’ liked to talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded.’ ‘ It’s all that bloomin' Johnny !' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there’d ha' been nothen said. But who was going to know what we was bonnd out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and spsrrits on an isUod waiting for the schooner ro take ’em off!' ‘ And I ain't sure, Micky,’ said Sawyer, taming upon the cook, ’that the yarn wasn't aggravated by yonr way of relating 1 I’ll swear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, ‘ that I never said nothing about the ghost's heyes bein’ like ridin’ lamps for brightness. Yet Mickj made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky’s temper that forced me to ’splain why I hadn’t come forrard afore, or rather th3n I'd ha' said a word about the parson’s yarn I'd ha’ been-’ and here, as was apparently his custom, be expressed himself willing to incur all aorta of frightful and horrible calamities, such as being struck blind and the hke. Tnia the cook answered by calling Johnny many tffensive names. But the crow now saw how it was. Tnere was nothing more to argue about; besides it would be eight bells before l ing, and time for the men who had the first watch below to think of turn ‘ A queer notion for them to have got into their neaJs,' said Hiram to Stone as they walked aft; ' better say nothen about it to Mr. Kortescue; it might make him oneasy.' ‘ So I think,’ replied Stone. . ‘I dnnno that I'm sorry it’s happened either,' said Hiram; ’ if the woyage was puzzling to ns aft it was bound to be puzzling forward ; but now it's onderstandabie to all hands—at least, ouderstandable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind je. Bill, what I said to the men don't nrove that I cease to consider the whole btlin’ of this start amazin'ly soopernat’ral, as Breeches righ'ly calls it. I’ve been miming it over all the afternoon, and hive come to the conclusion that this here woiage must bs regarded ns a wnim put into the gent’s mind by his dreatu. If the bearings of your isfuud are correctly given, we shall fiad it right enough, bat that's all; nothen else but the island, if it ain’t a savidge or two!’ ‘ \Vell, we'll have to find that oat by waiting,’ said Stone. 1 My view is, that since as much as he could find oat about his dream turned out true the other part ’ll be true like wise. Ye know, lliram, that there’s no non sensical piety about me. U’hae I believes in I keeps to myself unless I’m asked to speak. My notion is that one soul's quite enough for a man to look arter in this world, and that il ho consarns himself with other people’s souls he stands t) let his own go adrift. So, touch ing this here dream, I don't want to hargne as if I wss some couvarted retired sea cap tain, who makes friends with parsons in the hope of getting a hoisc info a oerth ashore through em ; all that I desire to say is that the Being who made them atsrs, and the holler uf whose hauJ is big enough to coutuin the ocean and everything ullsat ou it, is a* likely to show mercy to a man by patting a useful dream into his head as by heading a gale of wind just when ail hands think them selvislost.’ Why, jes,’ exclaimed Hiram, following the indication of old Stone's finger as be pointed aloft; * there's tic limiting of the Lord’s power; everybody knows that; and it ud be prebumpaious.' he added, emphasising the ‘ b' as though he would have Stone to observe his mastery over difficult word-, ' in me to a»y the parson's dream didn't come from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of wiaions was more geueral. There've been a good many dreams going ou in this world ever siuce Adam woke up and found Heve along side of him, which some married men might consider in the light of a nightmare ; but when it comes to one chap being singled out-’ He pansed, and added, ‘ Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of,'Bill, and find come true ' ' What!' said Stone, gaping. * Why, of a hislund—not with a ghost npon it—but with n tignboard standing ap and saying, ‘ Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good money.’ Tout ’ud be a practical dream. But wheu it comes to females in wisions implorin’ of yon-' He was checked by Srous gripping or his arm, and at the same moment Mr. Forieaeue cutue out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should find matter for talk in what Captain Weeks had told them. Certainly the curate's dream did not correspond with Johnny's uotion of their being bound oat to ap islaud to biing home a ghost; but it 'nr Dished the voyage with u motive that made it seem a queer and anuumuiou thing iu the thoaght9 of the simple, ignorant fellows: and Mr. Fortescue was promptly transformed into a mysterious person to their fancy, who had visioua and was to u certain extent poe. sessed, and was const quently to be treated with respect and p liteuets, because it was certain he coaid exercise pecnliar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or annoyed ou any acconut whatever. This was specially old Breeches’s notion, and the rest of the men took it up readily. For several days there was nothing much talked,about in tho forecastle but Mr For tescub’a dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he hao once beard ; in fact, they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparitions, corpse-candles, figures of drowned =eimen rising in dead calm weather at midnight to read ehii.s'names, then shaking their beads with gestures of grievous disappointment and Biukiog again ; even Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breech-s, tho cook. Goldsmith, and Jim kitt related a scote among them, till the night watcher became decidedly an* comfortable, arid the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couplea. Bac by decrees the auperstitioaa feeling* araonKthem wore themselves out; the men would notice that the curate wa< all kind ueas and gentleness in his way to them, that he had always a pleaeant greeting for eveiy man who came paet him, and a friendly word for the helmsman, whoever be might be ; he'd read from the Church Service to them on Sundays, aud add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they bad found out that they were a good and willing crew, the [ captain a smart hand, and Stone a genial old seaman it «aa a pleasure to work under; eo after they had 'yarned* one another into, an anxioua and nervous condition, they ‘ turned to’ and talked themselves out of it, all agreeing—even the cook—that they h«u [ £ jbluhed by ip.cUJ Arrangement Wiift tbs »u hsf* • never been in a more comfortable little craft, i nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage, dream or | no dream. Indeed, Johnny's carrying his blundering tale forward proved as fortunate an occur- ; reace as could have been wished ; for first, it converted the curate into a very impressive personage, not so much to be greatly likel as to be extremely respected ; next it raised a curiosity among the crew as to the i33ue of the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity into them ; then a certain kind of sympathy was begotten for Mr. Fortescue, after re peated discussions in ard on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and griev ing secretly; his far-away look would be noticed, the very smile he would give was as but a light upon his face to exhibit how much of sorrow was there, and when the crew took this and combined it with their belief that he could see visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in his dream?, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him the island she wa3 upon, and which William Stone knew all about, they felt a sort of importance, as of men engaged in something soiemn and wonderful, superior to any kind of j,>b seafaring men had ever been asked to deal with. But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Fortescue he had no idea that the confession he had made to the captain and mate was known forward. He certainly observed the askant glances the men would throw at him, the wide berth they sought to give him when their duty carried them to and from where he was sitting or standing ; then, Uter on, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the less apprehensive recognition of hia gentle greeting ; bu* he wag too absent minded to attach the significance indications of the kind would win from a suspicious or sharp observer ; he knew just enoegb about sailors to imagine he could not <>rt in attri buting any oddities of behaviour to their habits ami principles, until the merging of the crew's feelings into a general sympathetic willingness and contentment left him nothing to observe, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The days slipped by, and the voyage to the Indiao Ocean promised to be perfectly event less They carried a swinging north-wester through the Ilorse latitude*, and picking up the north-east trade wind, after a couple of days of light batli tig airs, in twenty-eight de grees north, swept down the Atlantic with the thunder of the breeze, that blew a fresh gale at times in their reefed mainsail, till they found themselves one day creeping and crawling over a brassy, burnished, glaring space of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breathing of air aloft, or watching with eyes that seemed enhanced by the breathless deep for the dimmest tarnish of draught faint ing as it came out of the pale azure ruled by the water-line. This was a trying time for Fortescue. The spell of stagnation might have been endurable to him the other side of Africa ; but here was the schooner swinging helpless near to the parallel oil which the island lay, but with a vast continent between, which had to be measured, and the mighty ocean off Agulhus entered before be should be able to verify Stone’s solemn affirms Both the captain and the mate must have loug ago guea-ed that the equatorial belt would be the place to tax the patience of the man whose mind seemed easy only when the Golden Hope was Hashing through the seas, bringing the island closer by every daring and graceful leap she took from emerald qoUows to snowy heights ; and until the breeze came that blew them clear of the equator they were constantly apologising for the weather. 4 H-re’s April the 5th, Mr. Fortescue,’ Fliram said, * and to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such sailing as no man with a conscience in him coaid fall foul of. I allow that the run from the Thames has been longer than I bargained for ; bat what are ye goin’ to do when its uotbeu but thickuess and ratchin’ V And then old Stene would say ; Well, this here stillness, sir, ain't cheer ful.certainly ; bat I’ve always looked upoa this put of the oesan aa a sort of halting place for ships. It’s the sign o’ Neptune, and here vessel-* which have been hard drove, whether coming from the north or from the south are slid to rest, as the Golden Hope is, to recruit their health, and dry themselves, and sprawl a bit io the sun, like hens which jcM aee get upon a sand-heap and wallow till they make a hole, when they cocks a leg and wing out, the wery picture of heasiness, to my way of thinkm’. Bit dep-nd upon it, sir, tta* Hope’ll make up for this spell of sitttn’ down. If the south-east trades be still a-btowin’, wait till the schooner catches ’em fair on the port bow, and then je'il see how far ou shtAl allow the Cape to remain in a few dare. He happened to make this remark to For tescue iu the presence of Hiram, who ex claimed : Wnat dye mean, Bill, by saying if the south-east trades be still a-b!owixT ? What’s to prewent ’em V 1 Well, I dunno, I'maare,’ answered Stone ; * bat to tell you the truth, skipper, ao many changes have taken place since I fust went to sea as a boy, that it’s a sort o’ defyin’of Provideuce not to put if before notions which was formerly certainties." * But sou wouldn’t say if the sun should rise to-morrow morning. Bill, aa though you wasn’t sure V exclaimed Hiram, who partly from love of argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Fortescue, would often engage his mate in discussions of this * Why, perhaps not,* answered Stone, * ’cause if the sun didn’t mean to rise to morrow morning, we should be froze to death afore we could speculate on his intention. But it’s another matter with winds, which it they be governed by laws, don’t seem to understand 'em. When I was fust goiu’ to sea, the north-east trade always blowed more no’therly than it do now, and the south-east rra<1e more beaaterly. Things are halterin’, I don’t see how th*y can help it. Take this here globe. Astronomers say it’s gainin’ in matter. Consequently it must be growing bigger. Very well. Now, take the buu. Astrouomera say it’s slowly consuming of it self up ; I think that 13 likely, for certainly in Englaud it ain’t so hot in summer as it used to be. Now, it’s plain to me, if the earth’s growin’ heavier, and the sun’s gettiu* smaller, our horbit’e a changin’, which urns: likewise alter the winds. In fact, tuy notion is, Mr Fortescue, that in the course of ages, this here globe’ll run short o’water and be dried up and become like the moon. Who known that thf*re ain’t astronomers in some of the planets watchiug us through tele*copes aa we watches them, and calculatin’ from records their ancestors kept, that if this here globe keeps all on as it is, in ao many mil lions of sears it’ll he like the moon, without u wisible -tarn, uothen bat face, and that all froze up V t o which Hiram replied : * Why, that may be, for who s goin* to guess what'll kapuen millious of years hence, and indeed, Mr, Kor toscue, who wants 11 know 7 If there isn’t to be no trade winds in them times you’il find other laws ^operatin’ which ’il ana wer jest as well. I'm not a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I’m willing to feel consumed in what may happen down to such time as a mau’s great giand-childreu are old men and women, but urter thatthiugs must become trouides to them as ain’t now born nor likely to be dreamt cf for a long spell. D’ye see, air? No use talking with Stone hereof millions of years. If the south east trades last my time I shall be satisfied, for there’s no chance of my young’una takin: to Beafarin’, for the best of all reasons—1 ain’t got any.* Chapter XXI.—A Brief Halt, If there was little enough to interest For tescue iti such conversation as thia there should have been plenty to amuse him in the faces of the ra«n—Stons earnest and sympa thetic. ch elly to be remembered by his hook like forefinger, with which he seemed to score his observations upon the air, and his rugged features ; Hiram, j rarity, with a certain cocksureness about him, and a laugh like a neign, and a smile like the motuh of a Sack. The calm lasted threw days, duiiug which, somehow, the schooner managed to sneak ov<-r forty miles of water. It is trus she’d get au impulse now and then from a draught of air. and Hiram would call the clergyman's ^ttenuou to the brass wire-like ripples breaking from the cutwater when the sea resembled quicksilver, polished and stainless with the irnagH of the sun plain in its heart, like the nucleus of a comet, the tail whur«-of was the luminary's burring Wake—as though it waB impossible for the schooner to stand still, even when the light canvas of the little topgallant ttuu’ sail hung motionless between every long drawn, gentle, gradual heave of the swell moving in slaggieh folds from east to west. Such progress as was made was indeed like the imperceptible pas-age of the Ancient Mariner's ship that was propelled by the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it behind. Cut why drive- on th»t ship -o fast, without * wave or wtud ? Thu air Is cut away bffore, And doses from bchln*!. At least you’d have thought ao had you come on deck ono morning as the curate did, and noticed the flickering gleam ox a full-rigged ship’s cauvaa away aoout two i*oints on the starboard bow, and found that at sunset, though she was beading south wards, the schooner had sneaked her far abaft the beam. ThiB was tfco cdcer for the fact that for an hour after the cook had hove some of his *a»h overboard, y~u stor.Id :ee it close astern, perhaps with the gre-.i-i- of it widen ing out into on iridescent paten, naif it meant to remain there all day. But the frniter waa a wonderful sailor ; in such * - tther a8 thia she was like a butterfly, ail vmge ; and not a breath cc-uld come barely with weight enough to give a plotne-lik.1 curl to the thread of smoke going stra»gh'. up out of the galley chimney, but she felu:. It was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordi nary aeamart kept the quart-;! ieck wet with swabbing, but the inomuro broke away in steam, and the pitch in ;he -cun- was as soft re*hed, from below. The ■* wonderful, hushed and .s a stillneaa -••riing to the '-'H»er with his b«r ideal com 1 ■*- of the day, :.ght ; for hw . tr the soul of he beheld her \- *i!or forward : fix upon the i.- ed the janc aud knowing •*as fancying f-cce’a dark :o where the e melted into little later on, •T he put into j? Weil, you ide me think i of the east island and king to see if but never tne truth, for most unlet insiincta for as warm cobbler’s wax. For deck, and -.could stay far into only to reappear pale and unr a abort spell of Bleep in his bo repose(f the mighty oce»n v almo3t terrible to him in tho stagnant days. When there in the schooner be would nit V Bilenc3 betwixt heaven and thoughts full of Agiuha. 5?he -*as the prin ciple that centered all he v * wed, all he thought of, till his visionary diameter, hi3 quality of mysticism, fount! mingling in the radiant blun, the sparkling dnrki.ess of th** love and grief and hope made all that his eye* rested on, an everywhere. The roughest would notice the rapt g*ze hr*' liquid light-blue I ne that *V tion of the eky and the oceai, ihe enrats’s story , guessed «.t he saw the inland -vtrh his low Once old Stouo watched singular expression in F- \ beautiful eyes nptu' mother-i/ p.arl like cloud tba the east and ib-aied radiant verge of the hot white euri-hi blue, where ir dissolved ; and .. speaking of this to Captain V. ‘ Hiram, uye know what In; rae with that fix*.-1 stare of h may laugh, but I fell yer, he i that cloud which had come > might have trie retlertion of his girl upon it, an** h* wa* b the representation * as there * Poor Stoue l Hiram did ku theleas the old sailor was nea* sympathy will give tbo plain* tered mind, the rLht kind o Bat the impatience excited in the curate by this interval of cairn could n >t checK tne deep and melancholy, and tv*--, superstitioua thought. Night time would g-v« fancy keenest edge, wneu with murnuring canvaa the schooner lay swaying on the cradling swell under the velvet black *.?»_»ine that glit tered with stars, and that «a- clouded with diamond-dusr, and that wai radiant with meteoric ehootings, the biand beauty of moon-like planets, and of orb* which the eyes of Kortescue had never before beheld. Then it was, when the silence of he dusk had entered into a deep peace into the ocean hush, when no voice sounded forward, no footfall aft. whtn all lights were hidden or extinguished save the binna ie lamp that dimly gilded ibe statnes’que figure of the helmsman, when the motionless form of Cap tain Weeks or the mate leaning against the rail was distinguishable only by the star9 his figure blotted our, when the rustling of the canvalon high, and the light pattering of dew discharged from gaff, yard and boom, from leet-poims and bolt-rope- and whatever else the midnight-hidden swell could shake, sounded like the murmur of wind, the falling of raindrops among trees; then it was that Fortescue's imagination would take wing and pluck from the se**u and the unseen acch fancies that if the r< ugh and homely sailors forward had gathered their nature, their sympathy might have been changed again into fear, and one might have beard of some thing like a mutiny founded i n the time honoured tradition of Jack's dislike of sailing, with a parson aboard. Bat you must not go to the forecastle for interpretation of mu-inga fad of poetry and mysticism, and tearful with the inspirations of a heart yearning for one deeply loved. If the clergyman's gitz* sought oat any bright particular star it whs hut to wonder whether HEh eye was on it, too ; hut then, you know, thoughts of her upturned colourless face would visit him, and he would see ner, till the phantom grew into a reality as substan tial at Iea=i as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when his mother s*ared to right and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was r wonderful in a mind constituted as Forteacue's wa-, that one effect of hi3 a*artling and wonderful dream should be to impress him with the fancy that intercourse could be held between him and his distant one by sympathy. In* Jane Eyre the heroine hears the voice of the man she loves calling her, though he is leagues away. In real life the existence of spiritual bonds which further distance could not break nor attenuate into irrespoosireness, has b^en proved by marvellous correspondence of action, of desire, of feeling; and since this sense of sympathetic or spiritual union between For tescue and Agatha would inevitably bo heightened to an extraordinary degree by the vision that had brought her in her agony face to face with him in his sleep, there was nothing singular—however it might have struck Hiram or William Breeches—in the young clergyman's fancies daring these still, tropical nights, when he would look up at the heavens and believe that the same yellow star he gazed at was watched also by his love with thoughts o? him as his were thoughts of her; that the deep soul-spoken prayer he would put up for her and for himself to God. was re-echoed by her in the darkness, miles away down yonder in the gleaming east, through operation of some such amazing, mysterious sympathy, a3 has made voices beyond the grave audible to living, loving There would be a mystery, too, in the silent ocean night that tinctured his emotionalism with a darker shade of imagination. (to he continued ) 