fire. Mlbtrinr fjerafo ' t (PUBLISHED DAILY) Eohuoa, Tuesday, November 22, 1887. ; Siiire Tenders —The Echuca Shire Council - nro advertising for tenders for culverts, &c.;, in various ridings of the Shire. Pull particulars are given in our advertising columns. Police Court—At the local police court yesterday morning a mun named .Toe Braithwaite, a cook, was charged with drunk enness and disorderly conduct. Joe was croating a disturbance down High-street on Saturday afternoon, whon Constable Warren put in an appearance, and took him off to the lock-up. Bail was allowed on Sunday, but .Toe presented tho appearance of having imbibed rather freely since then, and was anything buc sober when brought before the court, therefore tho justices, Messrs (Solan (chairman) and Foyster, J.P's, ordered him to pay » fine of 10a., or go to gaol for 24 hours. The fine «ai paid. [ Mollis Ghosts—The vioinity of Lands brough-street noar it3 intersection with Collier-3treet is, no are informed, still haunted by a ghostly boing clad in a white sheet or tablecloth. The pranks of this foolish person will bo abruptly brought to a termination some of these fine nights unless tho praotice 1b discontinued. A ghost also put in an appearance near tho residence of Mr Trobilco on Sunday night and was 'the means of frightening somo of the residents of the locality. Imprison ment without the option.of a fine is tho penalty for suoh praotical joking if brought before tho court. The Water Works.—A meeting of the Commissioners of the Borough Water Trust was hold yesterday for tho purpose of meeting Mr Gordon, the consulting engineer of tho trust. There were present ComB Moore (chairman), U'Bryan, Cochran, Morphot, Vines, Barberia, and Oliver, (GoTornment nomineoV The commissioners together with Mr Gordon, proceeded to the engine shed, and having viewed the boiler and surroundings AIT Gordon reoomrnended tho removal of tho ^boiler tj a spot between the shed and tho towor, and that the pump chamber be not pumped out at present. Mr 1 Gordon's recommendations wero preoisaly i those given by Mr Pasooo in his report pre viously published. It w»3 decided lty the truBt to adoot the suggestion of Mr Gurdon The Floods—Tho Murray rivor yester day was apparently stationary at a quarter of an inch over 30 feet. There is nothing frOBli to report in connection with the flooding of the low lying tonalities, except that in one or two plicort tho water seems to have spread a littlu over tho land, but to no serious ex> tent- It is probable uow that the river is at a standstill, thata fall will follow- i Tender kor Timber Land.—By advertise ment it will bo seen that Mr J. S. Kelly, has to let on lease for a long term, two splendid farms consisting of 820 aecos eaoh, situated at Barmah. Full particulars are given in 'mother column. A Hard . Case Mr Ptephen Spsttigue who found the body of the man Petar Williamson, floating in the Murray at Maloga on Saturday evening, attained a boat, and by considerable exertion stoured the body, whioh was very.muoh decomposed after having boon in the water for three weeks, He then gave information to the police, and was requested to attend at Echuoa to give his evidonoe at an inquiry on the body. The'distanoe being about thirty miles, of oourse lie had to hire a horso ond b ggy, and lose his time, being a working man, for two days. Yesterday mornii.g he was waiting about till the police obtained a telegram from the coroner to say a magis terial inquiry wa« to bo held, which did not take placo till about .three o'clook, when after giving evidenoe, he was permitted to prooeed home, whore he could not arrive till after dark, having to go through s lot of flood water. Now, this man had to do all thiB, entailing considerable loss to himself without receivirg the slightest remuneration or acknowledgment of any kind. What made the hardship worse waa having to wait lo long in Eohuca, and *e- oertoinly think someone in to blame for this. Why could ic not be ai\ understood thing that when there is no suspicion of foul play, tho'police Bhould have power to obtain a magisterial inquiry without reference to the coroner, and so save timo 1 In speaking to Mr Spettigue yester day, he told our representative that he felt so aggrieved that he thought if he saw another body floating in the river he should be inclined to let it go rather than suffer so muoh inconvenience and loss. We don't wonder at it. Surely this is a onse that should be brought under the notice of the . authorities for remuneration General Klecioral Lists.—Kntico in given by Government that " holders of | electors' rights issued on or before the 1st' Deoember, 1880, must obtain renewal rightB in lieu thereof in order to have thefr names placed upon the general lists to be made up on and after the 1st Deoember next." Accident.—A painful aooident befel Mr J. R. Montgomery, furniture dealer, yester day afternoon. Mr Montgomery was in the yard of his Hare-street shop assisting in harnessing up a young horse to a spring cart when tho animal became restive and made off. The nntrance to the yard baing very narrow Mr Montgomery Blippjd out of the way, and in endeavouring to oross tho bridge opposite the Gate way his foot caught and he fell down. His son who waa near at tho time rushed out and managed to drag him a short distance off the bridge before tho h«reo dashed out with the oart, one wheel of wh:oh passed over both of Mr. Montgomery'a thighs, causing severe bruises and laceration to the legs, ono of Mr Montgomery's arms was also muoh bruised and cut, and he had to be taken homo to bed, where the Bervioes of Dr Graham were secured. It wa3 exceedingly fortunate,that young Montgomery was close at hand, and had sufficient presence of mind to drag his father back when he fell, other wiso the cart wheel would have passed- over Mr Montgomery's head and face Eciiuca Athletic Club. —A meeting of the committee of the above club was held at Ford's Union Club Hotel, when the following gentlemen were present. Mr W J. Martin in. tho chair, and Messrs Reed. Barnes, Dickson, Yowles, Cochrane, Seward and the secretary, W. H Hulse. The minutes of the previ us meeting were read and confirmed. It was decided to disqualify M Dermott the winner of the hurdle race at the late sports, and pay the first prize to the seoond man, T. W. Martin. It was also decided to call a general meetins of the club for Monday night next, lo wind up the aflairs of the club f"r this season. Accounts amounting to- £7 8s were passed for p>y mmt. lS.y.M.G.A.—La»t evening in the BiVilo Christian Churoh the above assocint:nn held thoir usual weekly meeting, " Essays" were the subjects set down on the syllabus for tho evening. Mr P. Laussen was tho first called to doliver his essay. The mhj ct tho essayist choose was " Humility " which he dealt with under the following heads— hum-lity in business, in position and in tho ministry. After which the members criticised the essay. Mr Edhnuse wai then ctiled r.n to deliver his psssy, chosing;fnr his subject " Christian Usefnlno.ii>," which was very well dealt wi'h, ana whioh proved very edifying; tho members a:»in freely criticised the .essay. Both 'essayists briefly replied to tho qu'stions asked by the critics, and thus closed a very interesting mealing. Railway Tenders. - The following tenders states tho Melbourne fleraltl, 'vero aoenpt-jd provisionally bytheRalway department to. diy (Monday) Construction Murohisun and Rushworth railway, J Cairns and Bros., £40,514 lis 5d Erection shooo and o»ttlo yards at Kyabram station, Tatura lino, Wallace Bros and M'Kenzie. £369 10s 5d Parliamentary. — Both Houses nf Parlia ment will meet to-day. Tho local Govern ment) Act Amending Bill is to bo introduced in tho Legislative Council, in Addition to the measure loft over from Inst week. The Legislative Assembly iaio be asked to assent to the second reading of tho bill for giving effect to tho agreement between England and tho colonies as to .streogthen'ng the naval squadron on the JAustralian station. The list of bills forfconsideration is unusually long, and the Gnvernmont propose to push forward a number of the minor measures, about whioh there in not likely to be much contention. Tho Premier will ndhere to his expressed determination not to lose another night over the Licensing Act Amendment Bill, the third reading of whioh will there fore be moved when tho evening iB well advanced, and a satisfactory amount of business has bsen previously transacted. Tho second reading of tho Public Servico Ac', Amendment Bill is to be moved on Thursday' evening, according to present arrangements. The Sulu Islands,—A cable message was published in The Age on 29th Sep tember, |«tatlng that the natives of several of the islands of 'he O.irolino Archipelago, of which tho Sulu Islands form part, had rovoltod rfnm the Spanish rulo. The Go vernor had been killed in an attack by tho islanders, who were enragod nt tho imprisonment of an American mixaionary, and an expeditionary force to punish thom was fitted out. at Manilla. Tho British North Borneo Gazette of 1st Ootober Bays : — From Sulu it is ronortod that the Spaniards were about to attackLapac, where the Sulus from various ouilying islands have collected and erected stockades, etc, A forco of 1700 men. convoyed by several iiien of war had started from Sulu, but having mot with rough weather had to put book, numbors of tho troops being placed temporarily hors de comlat. It will probably not be long before tho power of the Sulus is finally broken. In all their engagements tho Spaniards h*ve experienced the moat desporato roBlstunco" Inteiio.iloniae Eiani-oAK Match Tho long anticipated eight-oared race between the Williamstown eight-oared crew and an' eight representing the South Australian Rowing Association enmo off on tho Port Adelaide River on Saturday afternoon. 'Hicro was a very largo crowd of spectators, the largest known in Port Adelnido, and tho weather was delightful, although thoro was a gusty breozo, whioh made th'e water n littlo rough. This was against tho local orow, ond nlso against thoir boat, but before tho Bt>rt, the general opinion soemod to be that tho Yiotorians were a superior crow. The course was 3J miles long. For a few seconds tho local men led, but tho Viotorlnns then forged nhead, and wero never ovortnkon, and won by eight lengths. Hie raoo commenced at 4h 42tnin. 13 soon, and winnors pnssed tho post at till 0 min 21 sec. Tho b at of the local men was full of water whon they pulled up Tne Victorians (says the <4ge), pulled an easy stroke all through, but the South Australians were compelled to row their hardost. The only perfoctlyjpuro Bpirit procurable— Wolfe's SoaNAr^s,. ■ . Ohaftey's .InaiaATioN Colony. : — The Argue states Our London correspondent mentions in his lettor of Octobor 21 that Mr J. B. Craoknoll, who was superiutendant of the emigration office nt tho Colonial . and Indian Exhibition, had returned to London i from a visit to Victoria a firm believor in the 1 Chaftey Brothers irrigation ooheme. He had taken an office in the same building as the New South Wales agency and was apparently authorised to represent tho Messrs Ohaffny Brothers in London. He nays that numbers of persons have already applied to him for information as to the stops to be taken to acquire holdings in the irrigated areas, the amount of oapital required, the cultivation essential, &o.; ,Mr Orncknell also announced through the press that he had completed arrangements by which he could give letters to intending settlers introducing thorn to reiponsiblo persons in the British oolonies who will aid them, "with counsol or other wise," on their arrival in the land of their adoption. " •flow the Country Looks.—The Herald states that Mr Francis/ Outdoor Traffic Superintendent", returned to'Hown on Friday night after a lour over the northern iinei in company with Mr Lunt, Engineer of Existing Lines. Throughout the trip the lines were found to bo in excellent, order, even the newly constructed Tatura and Eohuca line having suffered comparatively little damage. Mr Franois was interviewed =it various points by residents of the districts traversed with regard to traffic matters. He reports the .oountry to the north' and west of Sandhurst as being in superb order, tho reoent rains having brought the crops nnd grass on 'most wonder fully. Travelling as Mr Francis did over Bome 900 miles of rail road through the northern agricultural areab, he had an ex cellent opportunity of seoing the country since the heavy rains. Away down as far as Kertins* the grass oropswere in very fair condition, Mr Francis being assured by local farmers that the railway department would bo called on this season to carry large quantities of pressed lmy from that ditriot. In the Buirakee district, on the Wycheproof line, the farmers estimate the wheat yield as being treble that of last year. In one or two places, notably about Koyuga, on the Tatnra line, Bwarms of newly-hatched grasshoppers, and in some districts the farmers anticipate trouble. Squatters and Shearers.—The Agitation in connection with the Shearers Union is still growing in Wainambool and assuming more serious proportions, Mr. Ware, owner of Birwidgee station, whioh is situated near Caramut, is holding out in a most determined mannor. The approaches and gates to the station are watched day and night by Union men. A bitterly cold south-east wind has been swooping aver the plain", making matterB very unpleasant to th.e picket men at night. If tho 'Union shearers now enter upon the stations which are holdirg nut they are given in chargo for trespass. At Mr. M'Arthur's station, Laurenny, shearing is being carried on with a few non-union men. The most serious disturbance in con nection with the agitation took place a day or two ago hear Woolsthorpe. "Some non union men wore on their way to Mr. Lindsays station at Quamby, when a detachment of union men met them and charged them with being deserters. A fight ensued, and some of the men were much knocked about.— Herald. The Australian Nayy — L'he Melbourne Herald stites ;—Ministers are in a quandary as • to what action they should t'ike in the event of the Queensland Parliament declining to sanction that colony's portion of the cost of .maintaining the proposed Australian navy on tho lines adopted by the Imperial Conference. It has been satjgested that if the bill is not passed by that colony, the others should accept the pro posals, and leave Queensland, bait the Govern ment now see that this would be a very un satisfactory arrangement, as the northern colony would practically derive henefits from the naval defences, without contributing to their Bupport. Pending a final decision by the Queensland Pur Kament, however, the Premier will proceed with the Tietordn Bill as thoueh all the Colonies were likely, to agree. 