Brevities. (Saturday's Brevities.) The trainer or a marquis in iingiana has Deen disqualified for life by the Jockey Club. Tricfeett is jubilant at the prospect of a race ?with. TTn^iixTi Junius won the Stewards' Mile. The delegate members of the Sydney Chamber of Manufactures to Adelaide were received at Melbourne this afternoon by the President of the Victorian Chamber, Dr. L. L. Smith, and the Aomatjm-t: Secretary, Mr. Farmer. Cavalry tournament a great success. Ferris was in good form to-day for the Belvi dere against the Carlton. He took four wickets for 16. Turner took three wickets in four successive balls. Smithxnan, for the Corio, against the Sorry United, got six wickets for 18. He bowled a good length. Carlton Club experienced a prospect of defeat at the hands of Belvidere, scoring only 41 runs. Belvidere scored four wickets for 41. The wicket was faulty. Wales was in great fettle behind the wickets for Carlton this evening. Hitchcock, the Brisbane wicket-keeper, was not required this afternoon, as Wales, late of the Warwick C.C., was in great fettle. The bodies «£ tke four men drowned in the Botany boating fatality have been recovered. A. manager of a bank at Tsowoomba (Q.) has been horsewhipped. Alexander Campbell is returning to Australia. Another celebrated divine refuses t* leave the old country for the Scots Church, Melbourne. He has taken warning from Dr. Cameron Lees. BeLvoirina won the Flying Handicap at Canter bury. Agnes won the Park Stakes. A sudden break- up came to-day at the Coal mines Conference at Newcastle. The America,!] yacht won the race. The Agent-General for Tasmania returns to his island home on November 4. Mr. KingsmilL late postmaster at Coonamble, left to-day, and a large number of persons were present to bid him farewelL Frolic won the October Handicap. The fiagellator of a bank official at Toowoomba (Q.) had to pay £A at the police court for his outing. Captain Hummel, of the barque Wistaria, has had his sea-going certificate suspended by the Marine Board at Brisbane. Walter Cressy has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Tamworth Gaol for assaulting his daughter. The trial throughout was a pain ful scene. In connection with the loss^f the barque Wis taria, the Marine Board .at Brisbane will test the mate's competency before dealing with his certi ficate. The quarter's revenue returns for Queensland will not be complete until Monday. They ace reported to be most satisfactory. Le Prix won the Disposal Stakes. The passengers on board the steamersJMararo a and Flinders, in quarantine at Melbourne, are not to be landed, but will be made as comfortable as posible on board the vessels. Atoj-3 the general sorrow regarding tie sad fate of the victims of the Botany Bay fatality, the un tiring and protracted labors of the members of the police force at Newtown and Kogarah should not be overlooked. A verdict of accidentally drowned was re turned at the inquest on the body of the gunner, Frank Barbour, who met his death in Botany Bay on Saturday last. ' On Monday next the Minister of Works and the Minister of Mines- will visit the reclamation works at Cook's Eiver. A supposed ghost, which has been seen at Oxley, near Hay, threw stones at some rabiters, although there are no stones within 100 miles of the place. A ewe at Hay gave birth to a lamb on June 29, which did well, and on September 29 the same ewe gave birth to two more lambs. They are all alive. Freetrade is TriHing us. So the protectionists say. But our revenue has risen to £3,188,148 during tie year. On our quarter just ended we have an -increase of .£204,139 as against the Victorian increase of JE155,652. Only £25,000 this year to the revenue from 'tanglefoot.'* Oar railways show an increase revenue of nearly £30,060. . Our annual revenue shows an increase of £626,376. Another attempt to wreck a train is reported from Melbourne. .Looks like a design against the Governor. , . A young man. named Thurle, a rabiter, near ? Hay, hna dzed 'under very curious circumstances. The Loyal Orange Benefit Society have gone for a picnic this afternoon to Chowder. ; The Sydney bakers nave started off to Clontarf ? f of a dayVanrusemeat. : ' . A clerk in the «ffiee of the Master in Lunacy's office, Victoria, has been placed in the Kew Asylum owing to mental derangement. A& ?^ralerem. duties ceased at midnight hour yesterday. Trade to-day flying round with the BhackleB off. A Fah. of 30 Fkkt. — A EfcHe boy named Arthur Ford, 7 years of age, residing at 22, Kent . street, was taken to ike Sydney Hospital on \- Saturday, suffering from a lacerated. wound on the back of has head, and concussion af tke brain. 'His-father stated that lie fell down a Bhafir in Keci-stceet, a distance of 30 feet. The little saffeierjraB attended by Dr. Gwynne Hughes, and admitted. 