NEEDLES = Short, Sharp, Shiny, Fireworks. Queen left for Cannes. Father Ryan imprisoned. Apply at the labor bureau. Sydney deficit, £2,568,202. Rains in the north. Good! Wood-cutting at Belair Forest. Cunard's Union veil spoken of. Last chaflce to see the fireworks. Debate on the Crimea Bill closed. Good competition at the wool sales. Now where are tho3e bogus schools? Launceaton municipal loan a failure. The south-east has a daily mail at last. The Argus got out of another libel action, A monument for the late Mr. E. M. Bagot. A few months' good work for unemployed. The Kapunda officers acquitted of all blame. F. S. Hone has had a successful school career. More taxation for the New South Welshman. Evergreen Whitridge can puzzle countryman. The prospectors at King's Bluff still doing well. The horse disease is still fooling about the north. Forged bank notes knocking around Mel- bourne. Nest Melbourne Cup to be for £2,500 added money. More complications in the Timaru poison- ing cases. Earthquakes don't frighten a queen—only the dolts. Last year 23 horses trotted heats in better than 2.20. The forest Department on another repro- ductive job. Victoria is in luck. She is the workshop of the colonies. The Southern Eighteen defeated a weak Nor- wood Eleven. The P. & O. are said to have obtained the mail contract. Special trains to Glenelg, Gawler, and Mount Barker to-night. "I say that the Government is a euphemism for Mr. Hartley." The captain of the Ada Melmore blamed for the Kapunda disaster. Jewels are now veiled with tulle, as were the flowers of last season. West Australia is agreeable to appoint June 26 a national holiday. It was Mr. Furner who devised the scheme for the daily mail to the south-east. Twenty or 30 men to be sent to clear 2,000 acres of desert for wattle planting. Subscriptions starting to come into the Advertiser for the Bulli relief funds. Goblin or ghost-grey is one of the new colors, and in velvet is particularly elegant. It seems that Mr. Symon did not suggest the daily mail plan for Mount Gambier. Sir 'Enry's Government are going in for pure free-trade. Won't Victoria be joyful? New South Wales Government propose to meet the deficit by means of debentures. Lord Carrington visited the homes of the sufferers by the Bulli disaster yesterday. "Parent" says of Mr. Hartley—"This man is like Behemoth, and is ever ready to devour." Colonial judgments to be discussed by the Imperial Conference. Our Attorney will be in it. The Licensing Bench have got to listen to the application for a tap license at Murray Bridge. Scientists now say that water once contami- nated by sewage never becomes purified by natural means. The Commissioner of Public Works has been a fortnight preparing the daily time-table for the south-easterners. Objection to a scheme means vilifying a large number of our most respectable colonists. The argument of abuse again. A Socialist who hissed in a Bermondsey church has been sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment for "brawling." The bodies are being removed from the burial-ground at the Tower of London to open up an approach to the new bridge. If our Assembly had to discuss such measure as the Crimes Bill, how long would it take them to get through the debate? The prospect of a beer famine still stares New York full in the face. If it occurs there will be a tremendous exodus from that city. A man who committed suicide at Manches- ter left a letter telling those who contemplated matrimony to beware of mothers-in-law. Germany has sold400,000 old rifles to Turkey. They will be of little use to Turkey unless Ger- many sends along the soldiers to fire them. Scheming parents pretending that their children are being educated, when they are only being condemned to ignorance. Where? It is proposed to remit the matriculation fees of poor students at the Sydney University, and a by-law will probably be passed for that purpose. Another "cowboy poet" has injected him- self into the literature of the West. The hard winter is not all that the West is suffering from this year. At Brunn, Austria, an innkeeper, his wife, and son are charged with murdering and bury- ing 11 persons who from time to time stayed in the house. If the report that Jay Gould owns the state of Missouri is true he should be compelled to fence in his property. Some of the stock might go astray. William Black, the novelist, was accused of refusing half a crown to his aunt to keep her out of the poorhouse; but he got £100 damages for the libel. A German astronomer has found reasons for believing that the zodiac light and the aurora borealis result from the reflection of sunlight by water and ice. The Catholic Armenian Patriarch is going to Rome as the bearer of the Sultan's presents of a diamond ring for the Pope and decorations for the cardinals. The relatives of the late Baron Carl Roths- child are, in honor of his memory, founding a public library at Frankfort on the model of the English free libraries. One hundred and twenty-one students pre- sented themselves for the recent matriculation examination at the Sydney University, and of this number 95 passed. The telephone is now laid between France and Brussels, and the Queen of the Belgians, in her own capital, was enabled to listen to a rehearsal at the Paris opera. Twenty grains of sub-nitrate of bismuth dis- solved in a quart of water applied to the body with a sponge after bathing will entirely remove the odor of perspiration. The ex-Emperor of China has been making a pilgrimage to the tombs of his ancestors, where he burned much gold and silver in order to supply their needs in the world of spirits. The New York Corporation gave two men 15 dollars each to clean out a miser's premises; but the miser gave them 20 dollars each to leave the place alone. There was a large amount of hoarded wealth there. The Rev. Sam Jones refused to address a gathering of newspaper men in Boston. He was probably unwilling to waste time in scattering the doctrine of true goodness around where there was so little need of it. Prince Alexander, late of Bulgaria, is largely interested in the cattle business in Mexico. Should he visit the property he will probably preside over the destinies of a herd of Mexican steers more successfully than ever he did over the bulls of Bulgaria. Queen Victoria is anxious to have Prince Alexander of Bulgaria marry the widow of one of her sons and settle down in England. The Queen's liking for the Battenberg boys is supposed to be due to the fact that they never complain about having to eat a cold dinner on washday and always go to bed when they are ordered. John Gould prefers for farm work three Morgan horses that could get around lively to two heavy draught horses that would weigh down the three. The three would make a strong team for heavy ploughing, and nearly all the time two were enough. For lightish work they would accomplish more in a day than the big horses. It was positively stated in official circles at Ottawa lately that the British Government has, in accordance with an appeal from the Dominion Cabinet, given Sir John MacDonald assurance that if the fishery trouble is not settled before the fishing season opens it will dispatch several men of-war to co-operate with tbe Dominion cruisers in enforcing the fishery regulations. Hicks was talking to Thackeray of a certain gentleman's strange addiction to beer. "It's a great pity," said Hicks, "that he does not keep a check-rein on himself, for he is a marvellous fellow otherwise—I mean for talent. I hardly know his equal." "No," retorted Thackeray, "he is a remarkable man. Take him for half-and-half, we ne'er shall look upon his like again." 