Crumbs. Cool. DUBt Wind. Garner's. Assembly only. Rotunda concert. A fatal duckpond. Blowing np for rain. Summary on Monday. Major Dane is coming. Whinham College sports. Theatre to-morrow night.' Children's fancy-dress ball, BaBtard's tally of " drunks." Austral for London on Monday. Barometer at noon to-day, 30'01. Garonne will be in this afternoon. Mr. Ward as Pooh Bah yesterday. For sale, cheap, it. James's Gazette. Races on the Old Course to-morrow. A chilled-meat depot at Bourke proposed. That Ga wler police affair wants clearing tp, Presentation to the Mayoress thiB evening. Don't forget Whinham College sports today. Is no regatta to be held on New Year's Day? Exhibition wool Judges begin their work to-day. Mr. Basedow to rake up the Gawler police question. The Protectionist tariff in all its naked deformity. Big majority for the Democrats in New Tork State. Second reading of Foul Brood Bill to ba moved to- day. Those throat symptoms are not considered to be alarming. Are yonng ladies still engaged at the Tele« phone Exchange? Poultry-yards when filthy are a prolific source of disease. Ayoub Khan has preferred the Lion's row to the Bear's hug. M.P. Basedow has some nasty questions ttf ask next Tuesday. Minister of Education anxious to visit the N.T. during recess. " Certain parties" are accused of bribing a Port bridgekeeper. Major Stuart has received the award for best military horse. A sight not soon to be forgotten at the Town Hall to night. What a sarcastic little speaker is low* voiced W. A, Horn. 1 he holiday seems to have greatly invigorated our legislators. Chaffey Brothers have issued their descriptive pamphlet. Mr. T. .Gepp has consented to stand for WeBt Norwood Ward. Six-year-old boy shot dead by playmate at Stratbalbya yesterday. London newsmen been got at by Stock Exchange bulls and bears. Clerk of the Weather evidently knows there are races to-morrow. St. James's Gazette libel has been left for Sir Arthur BIyth to rebut, Howe and Coles nagging each other again •n true Sairey Gamp style, A Point Macleay cricketing team to pla£ on Cresweli's Oval shortly. Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Co.'fl traffic on the holiday, 26,208. Ireland is quieting down in spite of the Gladstone-Parnellite agitation. Fifty or more scabby rabbits to be ready, for M,P.'s Christmas festivities. Perhaps that smiling naval officer is himself a " double-voiced" vocalist. Everything to be subordinated to the enforcement of the law in Ireland. The first intercolonial rowing crew arrived from Wiiliamstown this morning. Dear old George Cole has just discovered a conundrum in Auld Clootie's tail. Fine harvest for the medicos when thOBS scabby rabbits get " acclimatized." Victorian worsted bonuB of £5,030 award to E. & M. Gaunt, of Wiiliamstown. Will Mr. Landseer find it "grievous to contempolate" that letter of enquiry ? Mr. R. R. Palmer worrying the Marino. Board about deepening at Ardrossan, Eight monthB' leave of absence for the Surveyor-General owing to ill-health, " In which of my capacities, as Dsputy- Speaker or Chairman of Committees V Sun rose at 4.51 a.m., sets at 6.37 p.m> Moon rose at 2.12 a.m.. sets at 1.50 p.m. Sarcoptes cuniculi to be the parasite oE. the future—professional politicians nowhere.. One of Mr. Landseer's constituents wants to know why he didn't vote on the Tariff BUI. Trades and Labour Council won't adopt in a hurry the rules for the Board of Conciliation. Lieutenant Creswell up to any ruse in an engagement—even to the use of an amateur, choir. " Mr. Moule is a moat eminent authority upon downright robbery" — that's Willie Horn. Continental stocks are likely to haiden as the result of Premier Salisbury's Guildhall speech. Professor's WatBon's Bcabby rabbits maybe eaten with impunity — by the " lower orders ?" Bill legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister passed in Victoria fifteen years ago to-day. What Semaphore Councillor has so much to say about the 'elfch officer? Councillor Idunit, M.P. Three experts have examined the Crown Prince's throat, and their opinions are very unfavourable. Trades and Labour Council show a commendable readiness to agree to a fair system of conciliation. Why are the Protector's guns like the Civil servants ? Because they're on the interrupted screw principle. Trades and Labour Council want to knoir "who are the gentlemen forming the Employers' Union ?" "Truthful James" did not give up the ghost and bequeath to the world the St, James's Gazette. Peace assured. Earopean Powers have heard of our General's march out and bivouft with his soldiers. Sydney Cricketing Association will have to hurry up if they want to be included in the English programme. We still have three shows for publie delectation although the Triumvirate has withdrawn itB radiant smile. [Z.The difference between W. V. Smiih and W. V. Smith formed the subject of argument, yesterday in the Local Court. Melbourne Exhibition is likely to be ignored by MOBSOO in return for John Bull boycotting the Centenary of the Republic. The maintenance of peace and preservation of existing treaties, with autonomy to free nationalities, is England's foreign policy. We have now fairly begun to civilize Her Majesty's new subjects, the Zulus. A yearly hut tax of 14s. has been levelled throughout Zululand. A gallowe or two will be erected soon. Quotation for to-day:—Martinmas Term in Scotland— I've noticed, on our Laird's Court-day, An' mony a time my heart's been wae, Poor tenant bodies, scant o' cash. In the Cathedral at Aix-la- Chapdle IB S crown donated to the Church by Marya Queen of Scots; another in the Church at Namur was worn by Baldwin, Count of Flanders, whom the CruBaders made King o£ JeruBalem. The thorns that are set in the gold are said to have been taken from the crown of thornB worn by the Saviour on the Cross. It used to be said that four and five make nine. Locke says tour and five are nine. Now I say (says S. T. Coleridge) that four and five are not nine. When I see four objects which will form a square and five which will form a pentagon I see that they are two different things; when combined they will form a third figure, which we cal nine. When separate they are not it, but will make it " Love is the admiration and cherishing of the amiable qualities ot .he beloved person, upon the condition of yourself being the ohject of their action. The qualities of the sexes correspond. The man's courage Is loved by the woman, whoBe fortitude again is coveted by the man. His vigorous intellect is answered by her infallible tact. Can it be true, what is so constantly affirmed, that there is no eex in BOUIB ? I doubt it—I doubt it ixcotdiDKl}^' 