SELECT POETRY. THE ItlDDLE OF LIFE. DEATH knocks at many doors-each hour Secs countless thousands fall beneath The sickle of lus ruthless power. The old man with the snowy wreaths Of winter on his trinkled blrow, -he youth with blossoms of the Sprisg "Upon his cheek; and even now, .Ere Jean end this rhyming thing, Ae multitude of every age Is slum by his insatiate rage. Bet this grim monster-he has boons He will not grant; for he can change flis cruelty, and ring ieid thiid" Of deepest agony most strange. Upon that olden violin SHe fiddles on to ghastly dance; Could make an ending of the din; * And cease this idle dalliniece, Which mortals call our life, but whichac Is but a fever and an itch. O)hs! for tIe golden-hours gone by! Oh, for the halyeon days of old ! But these arc vain regrets; thsey fly. Back to the realm of grassy wold, And sunny skies, and purling brooks, And waving-forest trees, and dales And shady covert, and the looks Of friends whose memory prevails -O'er all the sordid pageantry. - ." Of worldly fame-an hours-tlhen flee. Oh, for the maiden that we loved . <Or thought we did-how can one know P For what at first is fair is proved At last to be what is not so. For things are strangely mixed; wg find Our early feelings upside down, And curious twistings of the mind Have robbed the maiden of her crown. Instead of poverty and health, We choose disease, the unode, and wealth;! And-so -e come to this dread pass, We know not what to think or do; We look on nature in a glass So darkly, and the hours are few, 'In which we can determine that We often take some spectral ghost, *In our darkened eve a bat Winging its loathsome way, too lost, 'Like we are, in the imperious gloom, To separate good from darkest doom. 'Lord of the hearts and ways of men, To thee we pray, while lifting hands The most impurest; hear, as when The chosen of they sacred hands Cried from the sea of his despah' For.help--God's help; and leave us not To wither in the clime of fear And in perdition's depths to rot; But guide us, through the Cross's gate, To the glory of the angel's state ! 