BISHOP THORNTON AT UAH IETON, Although the morning was wet and uncom fortable a large congregation assembled in Christ Church, Hamilton, on Sunday morning. The Ven. Archdeacon Cooper conducted the usual II o'clock service, and Dr. Thornton. Anglican Bishop of the diocese, preached. Five candidates for the rite of Confirmation were in attendance, and the sermon was appropriate to the occasion. Dr. Thornton selected & text from Lake xL 13, 44 If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children ; how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him?" The preacher said that coming once more to worship amongst them, he found ia front of him some of their sons and daughters who desired to be admitted to full fellowshiu in the Chnrch of Christ. H« asked, what were the candidates there for, and for what object were they submitted to him as Bishop of -the diocese? They were there to perform a most solemn act, to moke a public profession of their religion, to proclaim that they believed all the articles of the Christian faith, to promise that they would keep God's holy commandments. Such a purpose was a solemn one, and such a promise tremendous It was a promise which if kept would make s fortune of their lives. But momentous as the three-fold pledge they would take was, there was something more in the pur pose for which the candidates came before that day. What meant the laying on of hands aud the thrilling prayera associated with it? There was something more beside tbe professions aud premises of the candidates. They were there to receive rather than to bestow. What were they to get ? They knew that in all the general activities of .man there was an outward and an inward element. It was the latter which really operated— tbe spirit of the thing, Tbe preacher here gave illustrations, and pro ceeded to oay that there was no department of human activity in which the spirit rather than the outward development was of such momen tous importance as it was in religion. There ought be religion about the candidates for con firmation and yet no real surrender of heart. There might be the outward profession, and yet no spirit there. But what a mighty difference when the spirit was there! There was something in a religions service like that which ft a complete success or a failure — the spin t was there or It .wa wanting. There was 'a put of oar being by whioh we might have touch with God, who .was a Bpirit. And when the spirit of God came into touch with the spirit 6F man then the latter got xaflgious life. .Worship was not then a thing of externals; there was reality about it. What did the candidates for con firmation -want? The Holy Bpirit of pod. How would the Holy Spirit come clown? 'The whole conception of theaarnce of oofafirmatibn ; was that tbey should expect 3he. actual descent 1 of the Holy Ghost amongst them. 'XSie candi dates might expect thafc. Where , was the logic that led bun to. that concLusion ? ' He found it In the text. Christ wifl, Hff ye then, bring evil, know how to give good gifts onto your children, how mnchmiore shall your heavenly Father gfye the Holy Spirit to them that ask Htm?". Tbe preacher refered at length to.: the earnestness displayed by parents in desiring to give good tilings to their dffidren» ndaajd«oofie.of 4h« parents of the candidates Hhat flay kutid Ires the spirit of God to come into their children. If £hey had the '-jgi ring jof t '.tbemcriyre what would ibey not do I Yet, however willing they, jsighthe, gnam, #nuch w, ins their heavenly Fhtblnrvrilliiigfo gbrbtheHdiy Spirit to them; -that asked him. It was the parental relation : which m&dethem; -solicitous for their children's welfare ; hut they failed to understand. . the ! Goapri of Christ tf fhey did riot kealisel£at the i relationship between God and manldnd was |tbat ofa jEhthresD hie ithQdren. If iheywoaldi 'mlriTOifftb nridagtandtimwTlHngnvBH<ffGod to bestow the Holy Ghost upon their children iet them take the parental heart end multiply Its feelings by infinity ,if that were possible. They might then realize the willingness of God to give his Holy Spirit to them that asked for it. The port they had to take in the confirmation service was to ask for tbe Holy Ghost, and the preacher uged his hearers to pray earnestly for that object. He told the candidates to draw Rear aa humble suppliants, but with every con fidence, and when he laid his hands upon them to pray as they had never prayed before for that which was promised. The church would not be shook from roof to basement as in Apostolic days, but he reminded his hearers that they got the blessings of the rain in the silent shower quite as much ss in tbe heavy storm. The Holy Ghost himself would be called down ioto the hearts of the candidates On each one of them would be bestowed God's Holy Spirit there end then. The reverend gentleman concluded with an exhortation. In tbe afternoon a service for children was held in the churob, Archdeacon Cooper officiat ing. The weather continued wet and discom forting, but still there was a large gathering of the Sunday-school scholars and other#. The Bishop, in opening an address to the children, said it was with pleasure that he took the opportunity of speaking to them again. The last time he addressed them they paid so much attention that it was a plea sure to speak to them. The rev. gentle man then preached on a text taken from Psalms CL. 5 (port) " The sound of the trumpet." He said tbe reason be had selected that text was because the word 44 jubilee," about which they had heard so much of late, was supposed to mean the sound of the trumpet The speaker described' four kinds of trumpets and named them as follow ; — 1st The trumpet of royalty, which was used by the Jews to proclaim the j King. This was the first trumpet alladed to in Scripture ; and then it proclaimed a King in- aeea. it was tne trumpet wmcn sounaea on Mount Sinai when God spoke to Moses. The fashion of heralding the King with a blast upon trumpets come down to our day, and when the Queen went to Westminster on Jubilee day her approach would be proclaimed by trumpeters. The Bishop said he heard the trumpet of royalty, indicative of the great King, iu these days when the thunders roared or the waves dashed upon the seashore. 2od. Ths trumpet of redemption. The next use of the trumpet referred to In soriptore was given iu the 25th chapter of Leviticus, descriptive of the Jubilee, when according to the Jewish law every man got his own, all captives were set at liberty, and all debtors released from their obligations. The arrival of the Jubilee waa 'proclaimed by con tinuous blasts upon the trumpets. He ctiled this second trumpet the Trumpet of Redemp tion. They had the trumpet of royalty stUl proclaiming that God was amongst tnem, and they also bad the trumpet of redemption. When ever from that pulpit, or from any other pulpit, the message of salvation was preached, it was tbe joyful eonnd of the trumpet of re demption. 3rd : The trumpet of rousing. Among the Jews, whenever it was necessary to rouse tbe people, to proclaim ths Sabbath Day, to call them to worship, or to warn them of danger, ou all special occasions the trumpet was sounded. In these days, also, tbe trumpet was used to rouse the army to action. Iu the mili tary camps the soldiers were awakened from slumber by the reveille call, and nearly every thing was done by the sound of the bugle. When they heard the chnrch bells rioging they might regard the sound as that of tbe trumpet of rousing ; also when they heard the warning tones of the preacher exhorting the people to arouse themselves from selfishness and come to the 6ervice of God. There was another trumpet of routing in tbe voice of conscience, whioh he urged his young hearers to heed. 4th. The last trumpet. No one had ever heard that sound ; but they did not know bow soon they might hear it. It would be a terrible, an awe-inspiring sound to those who were not prepared for it; but to those who bad found peace with God, it would be welcome. The lesson of his sermon was that if they listened to the first three trumpets, the lost would be a sound of joy. The musical portion of both services were well rendered, the choir of tbe Sunday school being entitled to an especial compliment for their tinging of several hymns. To-night the Bishop is to deliver an address at au entertainment to be held in the Town HalL 