FICTION. -¡o: From BUR 11 ib, American, und Oilier PerlorlleaU« THE ÜYSTERY. CHAPTER XXXV.-CCmtinucd.) * " Exchange is no robbery," he said. " Is it any harm to ask how you have succeeded?" Rose looked up angrily into the laughing dark eyes. " I don't know what you mean." <. My dear little artless Rose ! Shall I put it ¡plainer ? When are you to be Lady Ellerton ?" "Mr. Stanford!" " My dear Rose, don't be cross. Ha is too old and too ugly-low be it spoken- for the prettiest igirl in Canada." " Meaning me ?" I " Meaning you." " vVhy don't you except Kate ?" '? Because I think your are prettier than Kate." " You don't. I know better. I don't believe .you." " Disbelieve me, than." *' You think there is no one in the world like JEate." "Do I ? Who told you ?" " I don't need to be told ; actions speak 'louder .than words." "And what have my actions said ?" "That you adore the ground she walks on, and hold her a little lower than the angels." " So I do. That is, I don't precisely adore the ground she walks on-I am not quiet so far gone AS that yet ; but I hold her a little lower than the angels, certainly." " That*s enough, then. Why don't you remain (with ht>r, and not come here annoying me." " Oh, .1 annoy you, do I? You don't mean it, Eose ?" " Yes I do !" said Rose, compressing her lips. " What do you come for ?" ." Be.ca.use--you won't mention it again, will yan 9" "No," ."Because I am very fond of yoiu, then." "Fond of me!" said Rose, her heart thrilling, "and you engaged to Kate. How dare you tell me eo, Mr. Stanford!" Rose's words were all they should have been, but Rose's tone was anything but severe. ' Mr. Stanford took sa easier position on the "eofa. " Because I like to tell the truth. Never mind the viscount, RoBe-you don't care about him j and _if yon only wait, and are a good girl, somebody you "do care about may marry yen one of these days. Here, doctor, there is room for another on our sofa." " Will I be intruding ?" asked Doctor Delaplaine, halting. " Not at all. Rose and I are discussing politics. I She thinks Canada should be annexed to the ' United States, and I don't. What are your views on the matter ?" v ROBB barely suppressed a titter, but Mr. Stanford ?wore a face of solemnity befitting the subject. ' Doctor Delaplaine took the vacant seat, and Mr. Stanford's conversational cue, and began discuss. J ¿ng politics, until Rose got up io disgust and left. I [ " I thought that would be the end of it," said Mr. Stanford. " Poor little girl ! The subject is 'too heavy for her." " Only I knew you were done for, Mr. Stanford," said Doctor Delaplaine, " I should have fancied I was interrupting a flirtation !" "Notât all. Rose and I did not get on very well at first. I am afraid she took a dislike to me, and I am merely trying to bring her to a more Christian frame of mind. A fellow likes to be on good termB with his sister." " So ho does. I noticed you and our charming Rose were at daggers-drawn even before you were properly introduced} and I couldn't account for it in any other way than by supposing you had made love to her and deserted her-in some other planet, perhaps." Mr. Stanford looked with eyes of laughing wonder in the face of the imperturbable doctor, who never moved a muscle. " By George, Delaplaine!" he exclaimed, letting his hand fall lightly on the doctor's shoulder, "you ought to be burned for a wizard! What other planet do you suppose it was ?" "Has that sprained ankle of yours got quite strong again ?" somewhat irrelevantly inquired the physician. Reginald Stanford laughed. "What have you been about you meddlesome fellow ? Who has been telling you tales ?" " My own natural sagacity. How many weeks were you laid up ?" " Six," still laughing. " I was around here at the time, and I recollect the sudden passion Rose was seized with for her long rides every day. I couldn't imagine .what was up. I think I can now." " Doctor Delaplaine, your penetration does you credit. She's a dear, little girl, and the best of nurses." " And do you know-but perhaps you will be offended." "Not I. Out with it." "Well, then, I think it was a pity you were engaged before you sprained that ankle." " Do you really ? Might I ask why ?" "I think Rose would make such a charming Mrs. .Stanford." " So do I," said Mr. Stanford, with perfect com- posure ; " bnt won't Kate ?" " Miss Delaplaine is superb-she ought to marry an emperor j but, no, destiny has put her foot in it. Captain Delaploine's second daughter should be the .one. " You really think so ?" j " I really do." ' How unfortunate ?" said Mr. Stanford, strok-' ing his moustache; "do you think it could be ¡remedied ?" ?" I think so." ?" By jilting-it's an ugly word, too-by jilting Kate-?" " Preoisely." " But she will break her heart." " No, she won't. I am a physician, and I know. Hearts never break, except in women's novels. They're -the toughest part of the human anatomy." " What a consoling thought ! And you really advise me to throw over Kate, and take to my bosom the fair, the plump, the fascinating Rose ?" " You couldn't do better." " Wouldn't there be the deuce to pay if I did, though, with that fire-eating father of hers ? I should have my brains blown out by him before the honeymoon was ended." " I don't see why. So that you marry one of his daughters, how can it matter to him which ? With a viscount and a baronet at the feet of the peerless Kate, he ought to be glad to he rid of you." " It seems to me, Doctor Delaplaine, you talk uncommonly plain." " Is it too plain. I'll stop if you say so." " Oh, no ! pray continue. It does me good ; and besides, I don't know but that I agree with yon." " I thought you did. I have thought so for some time." "Were you jealous, doctor. You used to be rather attentive to Rose, if I remember rightly." " Fearfully jealous ; but where is the use ? She gave me my dismissal long ago, That I am still alive, and talking to you, is the most convincing proof I can give that hearts do not break." " After all," said Mr. Stanford ; " I don't believ» you were ' ever far gone with Rose. My stately fiancee suits you better.','If I take you at your word, and she jilts tha baronet and the viscount, you might try your luck." " It would be worse than useless. I might as well lore some bright, particular star, and hope to win it, as Miss Kate Delaplaine. Ah, here she comes !" Leaning on the arm of Lord Ellerton, Kate Dela- plaine came up smilingly. "Are you two plotting treason, that you sit there with such solemn faces all the evening?" she asked. I " You have guessed it," replied her lover j " it is treason. Doctor, I'll think of what you have been saying." He arose. Lord Ellerton resigned his fair com- panion to her rightful owner, and returned to Rose, who was looking over a book of beauty. And Dr. Delaplaine went over to Evvy, who was singing to herself at the piano, and listened with an odd little smile to her song : " 1 here waro three little women, Eaoh fair In the face. And their laughter with muslo Ulled all the green plaoe, Ae they sat knitting talk With the threads of their lace. " Of the wind ia the tree-tops, The flowers in the glen ; Of the birds-the brown robin, The wood-dove, the wren They talked, but tbeir thoughts Were of three little men I " Tlie sea lay before them, With ships going by ; Behind them the hills shone 80 grand and so high ; And above them blue, beautiful Patches of sky." Dr. Delaphaine laughed. " 'They talked, but their thoughts Were of three little men r " There is a great deal of femólo human nature in that, Miss Evvy," said the doctor. Mr. Stanford beside Kate, Lord Ellerton listen- ing politely to Rose, and Doctor Delaplaine with Evvy, were unaware of the flight of time, and were surprised to discover it was almost midnight. The guestB departed ; the lights were fled, the garlands dead, and the banquet hall deserted by everybody but Reginald Stanford and Captain Delaplaine. They were alone in the long, dimly lighted drawing-room. " You will take Kate's place to-night," the cap- tain was saying, "and be Harry's companion in his constitutional walk. I told him that another knew his secret. I related all the circumstances." " How did he take it ? Was he annoyed ?" " No ; he was a little startled at first, but he ad- mitted I could not do otherwise. Poor fellow ! he is anxious to see you now. If you will get your overcoat, you will find him here when you return." Mr. Stanford ran up stairs in a hurry, and re- turned in fur cap and overcoat, in ten minutes. A young man, tall and slender, bnt pale even to ghastlinesB, with haggard cheeks and hollow eyes, stood wrapped in a long cloak, beside the captain. He had been handsome you could see, even through that bloodless pallor ; and there was a look in his great dark eyes that strikingly reminded you of Kate. "You two know each other already," said the captain. " I claim you both as sons." Reginald grasped Harry Delaplaine's extended hand, and shook it heartily. " Being brothers, I trust we shall soon be better acquainted," ho said. "I am to supply Kate's place to-night in the tamarac-walk. I trust no loiterers will see us." " I trust not," Baid Harry Delaplaine, with an apprehensive shiver. "I have been Been by BO many, and have frightened so many, that I begin to dread leaving my room, night or day." " There is nothing to dread I fancy," said Mr. Stanford, cheerfully, as they passed out and down the steps. " They take you for a ghost, you know. Let them keep on thinking so, and you are all right. You have given Gower Hall all it wanted to make it perfect-it is considered a haunted house." " It is haunted," said his companion, gloomily. " What am I bettor than any other evil spirit ? Oh, Heaven !" he cried passionately, " the horrors of the life I lead ! Shut up in the prison I dare not leave ; haunted night and day by the vision of that murdered man ! every hope and blessing that life holds foith gone forever ! I feel sometimes as though I were going mad !" He lifted his fur cap and let the chill night-wind cool his burning forehead. There was a long, blank pause. When Reginald Stanford spoke, his voice was low and subdued. " Are you quite certain the man you shot was shot dead ? You hardly waited to see, of course ; and how are you to tell positively the wound was fatal ?" " I wish to heaven there could be any doubt of it!" groaned the young man. "Myaim ÍBuner- ring ¡ I saw him fall, shot- through the heart." His voice died away in a hoarse whisper. Again there was a pause. They walk up and down the tamaroo walk in the frosty starlight, all still and psaceful around them. The sky sown with silver stars, so serene, the earth white with its snowy garb, all hushed and tranquil. Nothing disturbed but the heart of man, all things at peace but his storm-tossed soul. " I am keeping you here," said Harry Delaplaine, " and it is growing late and cold. I am selfish and exacting in my misery, and I fear poor Kate knows. Let us go in." They walked to the house. When thay entered Reginald secured the door, and the two young men went up stairs together. Ogden sat sleepily on a chair, and started up at sight of them. Harry Delaplaine held out his hand, with a faint, sad smile. " Good night," he said. " I am glad to have added another to the list of my friends. I hope we shall meet soon again. Good-night, and pleasant dreams." ." We shall meet as often as you wish," answered Reginald. "You have my deepest sympathy. Good-night." Harry Delaplaine's white, despairing face haunted Reginald Stanford's dreams all night, as if he had, indeed, been a ghost. He was glad when morning came, and he could escape the spectre of dream- land ia the business of every-day life. (To be continued.) TlpBjfelo.-See the Photographs at all rajj^fcy Btatlolte If Dixon & Sons Conqueror Tobaccoiïj.c I ix>TÄ-J^ViarSe3^ manufactory of Tobaeco, andtOTO. sumls^mVce American leaf than any other in tlie Southern hemisphere. Dixon's only brands ajre Yankee Doodle, Conqueror (more Conqueror is sold than any other brand m Australia), Sir Roger (thick twist), Champion (Qold leaf), and Dixon's Cut Tobaccos, also some cheaper kinds of flat and twist. ANSWER THIS.-Did you ever know any person to be ill, without inaction of the stomach, liver or kidneys, or did you ever know one who was well when either was obstructed or inactive ? and did you ever know or hear of any case of the kind that Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters would not cure ? Ask your neighbour this same question. " Times.' I 