THE LOCOMOTIVE ENGINES. to tne editor of tub daily telegkapil Sir, — With your permission, I will venture a few remarks on the subject of the papers laid on the table of the House about the above engines and as reported by you. At the saiae time, I have no desire to set myself up as au authority on the subject or to take any side further than what oue naturally does wheu one suspects that au injustice has been, done to auy man. From a perusal of your outline of the report an iinpressioa,is conveyed to the general reader that a grave injustice has been done to Mr. Scott, the locomotive superintendent, by the Minister for Works, aud it is necessary for the bcucfit of the public service that a thorough explanation should be given. My grounds for thinking thi3 are as follows : — 1\. The Minis'or for Works has called upon a subordinate officer in one department to report ou the professional opinions of the chief officer in another department, without giving any rea son for so doing. 2\. The report was published aud steps taken to give it effucn. without appareutly giving Mr. Scott a chaaee of reply, which, surely, should not have been permitted for the interest of the public, if for no olher reason. 22 », the Minister's minute, which you state to have been dated " a few days ago," calling on Mr. M. to report, aud Mr. M's. reply stating that his report had been forwarded ou tho 20th iust. do not tally and certainly look as if the report had been sent iu uncalled for, aud the minute htul beea written asking for it to make it in due form. Turning to Mr. M's. report. He conveys the impression that Mr. Scott ia responsible for tbe 42 different types of engines, th.u Mr. S. is desirous of increasing the number of types and that the 42 types are at present in use. The first item is so utterly absurd when you take into consideration tbat M r. S. has only been superintendent L>r some five years or so that it would not be worth while calling attention to it were it not that it ia believed by some of the public. The second item ia one that must be left to be decided by professional men ; but' no oue with a grain of common sense wiil deny the right of any locomotive superintendent to specify a new tvpe of cngire if he feels convinced iu his own mind that by doing so he is benefiting his Hue and lessening the probability of large alteration iu the deiign in the near future. Ia the thud item the attempt to gull the public into the idea that there are 42 distinct tvpes at present in u.e is as ab»urd as tbe first, if the public wili only give a moment's con sideration as to the usual length of the life of an engiue and the length oi time the rail ways hare been in existence. Lat a report be called for, stating how, when and why these engines were purchased, and probably it will be found that many of theui were procured under special circumstauces — peculiarity of work to be done, or exceptional cheapness, or some other good reason — and these special circum stances having to some extent passed away so have the engines, and only their ghosts have been raised to attempt to discredit Mr. Scott in tin nroj nf tb(» and thr» rminfrv. The attempt is made to prove that Mr. Scott has allowed himeli to fall behind the age, and . that he is insisting on having engines of a practically obsolete class ; hut nothing is proved and, perhaps, had he had a chance of reply he might hare been able to show that he is quite up to the level of the most receut English practice. As Mr. Midclton's favorite types of engines are now running, caunot a return of their day's work be made public, thus giving him a chance of proving in a most satisfactory rnaucer that bis eunines are really the best in actual prac- tice. — Yours, A'C., April 29. GNOMON. 