THE PB0P03EIT WATER BATES. It would , 1% knowiherule bjr wjiich-the Hydraulic Engineerhas been guided in preparing tbe asses8nieji|| §nfL &xipjg; . tbe rates in ^wtaloo tc.iiLu3. ",68i8C-'K .1 waterworks. A few weeks ago a cor respondent informed us that he heard a gentleman in that now the Peninsula people had^ ( obtained^rajter thej^did not 'wish to |pay for It. 1 iBut wd deny" that such , Is. the|eaee. T Facmers ;haye had; such| gyring the. past aummer ! Ufa ^ouia not possit>Iy oe forgotten . by them. In past years it must be .owned that as soon as the farmers got their dams full they ceased to agitate for a permanent water supply. But "notwithstanding the heavy rains that haiye recently fallen, and the plentiful supply of water that exists in all parts of the- country, we have not met a^farmer yet but who rejoices to think that the Beetaloo scheme has been carried out, and even some of its ^former opponents declare that rather than-run the risk of another drought I they will gladly pay a fair rate, even if they do not require the water. On this occasion the fault does not lie with the people, but with those officials who have undertaken to carry out the provisions of the Water Conservation Act. A perusal of the report of the meeting, held at Willa mulka yesterday, will disclose some of the absurdities that are being perpe trated. There seems to be no defined system, and had the Hydraulic department commenced with the full intention of acting in direct opposition to the provisions of the Act they could n'ot' have been more successful. To begin with, the 89fch clause lays down the principle upon which the assessment shall be made, aud a casual glance shows at once that in many instances the assessment is high. But as the ratepayers do not object to the assessment we need not enter into details on the subject. The next peculiarity however is, that notwith standing the fact that clause 100 ex pressly provides for allowing twenty one days for appealing, the Hydraulic department on their notices only allowed seven days. In many cases it was altogether impossible for the ratepayers to comply. But it appears that those who have protested have gained but little, as in almost every case they have been informed that their reasons for seeking a reduction are not regarded as sufficient. This is not to be wondered at, seeing that they have apppaled to a department which is a law unto itself—where Acts of Parliament are ignored. According to the speakers at yesterday's meeting it seems that all who have received their rate notices, are rated at 20 per cent, or 4b in the £ on the amount of their assessment. Now, it might be argued in some cases that the Act ■wasi not clear on the point, but in the present instance this cannot be pleaded. And that there may be no doubt on the subject we quote the 100th clause of the Water Conserva tion Act, which deals with this part of the question. It is as follows:— " Every Board may, without the con sent of the ratepayers in their district, at any time, and from time to time after ten days shall have elapsed from the giving of public notice of an assessment, declare a rate or rates for the general purposes of this Act on the ratable property, or on any part or parts of the ratable property includ ed in such assessment; and may, if they think fit, declare that such rates, or any of them, shall be payable only in certain part or parts (to be speci fied in such or any subsequent notice) of their district, or may dec'are that such rates shall be levied differentially in different parts of their district: Pro yided that the maximum amount of rates so declared in respect of any particular property in the district for any one year shall not exceed two shillings in the pound on the assessed annual- value of such property." There can be no mistake about that; and we think the majority will agree . that those who have been asked to pay double the amount provided for in the I Act,- are not acting unreasonably when " they object to comply with the re quest. In fact we feel certain that considering the grossly irregular man ner ib which the whole business has been conducted that the department , could not recover the rates in any court of law. But this is not all. So far, we understand, that a limit of three sections back from the mains has been j fixed as the present boundary of the assessments. But there are e?cep . tions to this. For instance, a selector who has one section abutting the pipe j line, and two otheri behind, has to pay | full water rates for the three sections. I But take the next block off the three sections : if the owner of the two back ! sections doeB not possess the section ; abutting the pipe-line he is not rated at all. There is no doubt, as the Chairman obseryed, that the best way out of the difficulty is for the Govern ment to push out the branches so that they can charge full rates all rouud. Until then, the plan suggested by Mr Ramsay, of rating property on a sliding scale should be adopted. But neither system will prove satisfactory if the Hydraulic Engineer is going to adopt the . plan of charging whatever rate (ancy: suggests, irrespective of what the Act .says on the .subject. ■ sv.:>- ;--j!"«- y. :—s. — Kaddta Monthly SiLE.—We are request ed lid draw special attention' to Messrs Mal BB*° ^ Mapkprri#' yarde.Kadina, thU sftfernobn. * ' ' •; " Thb llArsrAKEBS.—The musical circle of ibitland imt bsan most successful .'in the production of tlie .above cantata, It is to be repeated at Maitltind. on Monday evening, and on Wednesday evening, Joly 6 it will bo given <ftrtbe Institute Hall, flioonjta. Bbttceeiekd School.—We are pleaBed to find the result ot the.correspondence between the Chairman of Board of Ad»ios (Mr ^Malcolm) and the Minister of Education on the subject of re-opening the aboye school is satisfactory. The school will be re-opened next Tuesday, MiesL. Stephen being appoint ted teacher. ~ ■ >, „ ; "The Pictobiai AirarBiLtAN. —w hare received the Jubilee number of ttiie above illustrated periodical. Amongst other things there is certainly the best repre-„' sentation of the opening ceremony of the^ Exhibition that we have yet seen, a fact which does Messrs Frearson credit when we include_ such a paper as the Australian Sketcher in the list. FCNBEAi OF THE IiATB Mb PABSTEIlIr.— The funeral of the late Mr Parnell, which took place on Thursday, was one of the largest and most representative that has ever been wit nessed in Kadina. Old residents from all parts of the district were present. As tbe cortege moved along Taylor Street we counted j 53 vehicles. The service at the grave wasJ conducted by the Bays A. Hodge and W. A. ; Langsfotd. The Late Jtoiiee Demonstbation at Wailaboo.—In reference to a letter signed " Fairplay" appearing in our last issue, in refereheeto the-invitation to Mr Shepherdson to deliver an address, the Towa Clerk informs us that Mr Shepherdson was apprised of the alteration of date, when he sent a fin^l note thanking the committee, but declining to undertake the duty, and stating his reasons. Pbesbntation.—At the conclusion of the toutine business of the Union Lodge of Free masons' Kadina, on Wednesday evening, the W.M., Bro. J. Cook, presented I.P.M. Bro. ft. J. Nobes, with a v.ery handsome jewel,, and in doing so referred to the valuable ser vice which had been rendered to the craft in Kadina by Bro. Nobes. The latter fittingly responded. The jewel is one of the hand somest specimens of the goldsmith's art that we have seen. Bainpam. fob Jvara.—We are favoured with the following particulars of rainfall for the past month. At the Post Office, Walla roo, the register has been 2.815 in 18 days. Mr Shenhfiivlann K»« same period 2 962 inches. At Woodlands, (Tiokera) Mr W. H. Kelly J.P., gives us the j return as 3*460 inches during 15 days. At Yarroo Mr Fowler returns 2*835 during 18 days. At Moonta it was 3'500 during 19 days; at Kadina 3,660; Snowtown 3 500. Masonic. —The annual installation of offi cers of the Boyal Princess Lodge, Wallaroo, took place on Thursday evening, June 29. The officers for the year are as follows :—W M., Bro. F- Clare ; S.W., Bro. W. J. Ponder : J.W.. Bro. W. S. Thomas; Secretary. Bro. T. Davies t Treasurer (nominated), Bro. J. Gosse; S.D., Bro. J. Odgers ; J.D., Bro. H. Dunstan ; I.G., Bro. T. Skinner ; Tyler, Bro. W. H. Thomas. . At tbe conclusion of the ceremony refreshments were partaken of when tbe usual Loyal and Mason's toasts were hon • ored.and a very pleasant evening spent. The Angk&o-Tubkish; Convention. — Latest telegrams state that the negotiations with regard to the Anglo-Turkish Convention about Egypt are still proceed'ng at Constan tinople, and muoh interest is excited as to the answer which the Sultan will give to Sir Henry Drummond Wolff on Monday next. There are, however, some indications which tend to show that the Sultan will ratify the Convention as requested by Great Britain, and that, moreover, he will show some resent ment at the threats which have been directed against Turkey by the Go»ernments of Russia and France. Football Match.-—A football match be twecn the Wallaroos and the Moonta Young Turks will be played at Moonta to-day, (Saturday), July 2. Piay to Start at 2.30 sharp. The following will represent the WallaroosB. Walsh (Capt). R. Jones T. Kiely, J. Herbert, E. Bollineyer, J. Gepp, A. Levido, D. Hopkins, R. Clements, J. Evans, Willis (2), Brazil, S- McKee. F. Cropley. A. Middleton, J. Hehir, L Wallers, W. Philiips, . Emergencies — S. Phillips, D. Heath, To start from Pojntz's at 1.30 sharp. Litebaby Societies' Yeah Book.—We baye received from the Hon. Secretary. Mr G. F. Hussey, the Literary Societies' Union Year Book, which will pro?" of considerable interest not only to members of these societies, but to all who haye a desire for the advance ment of the rising generation. Besides giving a list of committees and members of all the associated societies, the work contains the prize essays of last year on " Hard Times in South Australia : Their causes and cure," and prize poems on tbe South Australian Jubilee. There is aiso a full report of the work accom plished last year, and of the annual competi tion which to^k plaee in the Town Hall. The YearOpens very appropriately with an article on the proposed Association of young Aus tralians, in the formation of which tbe Hon. J, C. F. Johnson has taken an active part. The Secretary deserves great credit lor the interesting manner in which the book is ar ranged, and there is no doubt that an account of the yearly doings of the Union in such a complete form will do much in the way of extending its usefulnes. Death of Mb, J. L. Tuxfobd.—Many old mining men of the PeDinsula will remember Mr J. L. Tuxford. The Register of Thurs day says :—Our obituary notices this morn ing record tbe death of Mr J. L Tuxford, an old colonist, whoee name is moBt intimately associated with the early development of agriculture in this province. Mr Tuxford was a pioneer in every son so of the term, and with the thorough spirit of a settler bore all the reverses and successes of a colonist's life. He waB born in Boston, Lincolnshire, in 1812, and arrived here in the ship Bardaster in 1838. Mr Tuxford often referred with proud satisfaction to the fact of his having been the first citizen to pay rates to the Cor poration of Adelaide upon the institution of municipal government in this colony, For several years he kept the Sportsman Hotel, and subsequently, in conjunction with his brother, established the firm of Tuxford Bros, who were the first importers of agricultural maohioery in th«s colour. Their first imple ment yard was in Selby Street, whence in later years they rejnoved to North Terrace. Mr J. L. Tuxford was an enthusiast in mining matters, and was particularly interested in tbe copper ventures on Yorke's Peninsula, haying been an extensive shareholder in the Yelta Mine when that mine was in the height ol its prosperity. Upon leaving the firm of Tuxford brothers Mr J. L. Tuxford resumed charge of the Sportsman Hotel, where he died. He leaves five daughters, one son, and thiee grandchildren. Yorke'b Peninsula AgbicttltubaIi Society.—A meeting of subscribers to the aboyp was held in the Council Chamber, Kttdina, op J?riday afternoon. In the absence of Mr Gamer, the Pr^sidpnt, Mr Styles, one of the Vice-Presidents was duly vpted to the chair. There was a fair attendance, A letter was read from the Commissioner of Crown Lands re the subsidy to which the Secretary (Mr I^asplgrowe) was instructed to reply. Account* for igedals repeived. The following gentlemen were appointed $• collectors of works of art, &c;, namplyKadipa-= Messrs Gumer, Mitchell, Christina# and the Secretary; Wallaroo Mines—-Gapt, Hancock, Capt. Datson, and Messrs Biohards and Davies. M°onta-Dr James (Mayor of Moonta) Messrs Jones, ^aughan and Wilkinson. Moonta Mines- srPapt. Hancpekj Capt.. Barkla and Mr Sulliyan. Wallaroo — Dr Gosse, Messrs Dayies, Malcolm and Taylor. 4-" exhibits to be in the hands of the Secretary by ggth inst. Resolved that the Art Exhibition be opened on Wednesday, August 3, 1887 Mr John J. Christmas tabled a notice of motion for next meeting to consider the dis posal of the Old Show Grounds on the Art Union principle. The Secre tary was instructed to write those sub scriber wbo had not paid up their last year's subscriptions. It wijs the" resolved that the ■' next meeting be held on Jr'4#yj July 8, at 3 o'clock, to make the necessary arrangements for the forthcoming Art Exhibit ion, fix day of nejfc show, and consider prize list for 1887 The meeting th^n adjourned. Pjjouxiabities oj? C.oeonebsV Ikquebtb.— Tbe .special .correspondent of the Register sends the following particulars, under date June 28, concerning the inquest on the man jjollis -at Redbill.—" Upon enquiry to-day the girl Mary McGilton, the victim of the recent tragedy near Bedliill, is progressing as favorably as the circumstances of the ct.se permit. . Adverse opinions are freely expfesr eed at the seeming- unnecessary baste of the inquest, which was held at Bedhill yesterday, In connection with this terrible-' outrage. ; Fortunately eyerybpdy iB of jour opinion that the deed was undoubtedly dpne by the man Hollie. Reports are also current that though j pf 9 yjiet audi retiring tLiapoaitjou he ^yas 1 always thought 'a bit que^r' in his mind The moBtstrangef'andJunsatisfactory part of the inqaest is that Dr" Parkinson, who was telegraphed for by Mr McGilton to come and see Hollis, was not called uponTt(rgive liia opinion as to the cause of death. Neither was he eubposned or even notified that an inquest .would^be.faeld yesterday. Who responsible for this grave omission I am not prepare^to say,' but it certainly was most desirablethat th«opinion of an expert should have beenlaidbefore the Jury.; The gash in the manVthroat when he was discovered was of unusual size, as the cut went as deep as the root of the unfortunate man's tongue. More than this, there were visible marks of two incisions lower down' from the fatal cut, about 1-J inches lower, also two incisions on the left bide of the throat near the fatal gaBb. Although it is a moral certainty that the wounds were self-inflicted it would have been very much more satisfactory, not only to (the outBide public, but to those immediately con nected with the terrible affair, had medical -evidence been called;-- from what I can gather the inquest, instead of feeing of the moBt searching kind, was treated as one ot the most ordinary. What actually took place at the*inquest has not yet transpired, but cer tainly to an outsider the whole affair, as far as the inquest is conct tiled, appears to hare been treated as an everyday occurrence instead of a terrible and desperate tragedy i Mrs McGilton, though' greatly shaken and unnerved, is slightly better. «nd no grave fears are enter tained of her ultimate recovery. Hollis, it transpired, bad~1>een in the neighbourhood for ten or twelve years. He had friends in Gawler, and was brought up there." The RedhxiiI. Tragedy—The Inquest. —We take the following report of the inquest in connection vfith the above from the Adver tiser. The inquest was held on Monday, by Mr J. T. Rowe, J.p. The following evidence was taken :—Annie Grant McGilton, wife of Mr H. McGilton, said—I knew the deceased. Last saw him this morning between 10 and 11 o'clock. He came to my house of his own accord by himself. Heard a conversation between him and'my daughter, who called me out. Asked him what he wanted, but do not rvwoubor wlmt h» said in reply. He walked up and down the path, and seemed very angry. He took a stone from his pocket and threw it at me, and knocked me down. I was insensible for a time. When I got up I saw him struggling with my daughter with a razor in his hand. I ran and tried to pull him away, and we struggled together. He followed my daughter down the path, and he cut her. in several places. Her father then came and he ran away. He had not been in the habit of visiting the house lately. My daughter sent a letter to him this morning telling him she was going to the quadrille class on Wednesday, and he told her ehe was not to go. Deceased and my daughter were keeping company, but they did so agaiust our will. X believe he was jeaious of my daughter, and think that was the cause of his commit ting the ac*. By a juror—My daughter is unable to give her evidence. There was no one else present besides those I have men tioned. He had his pockets filled with stones. He wanted to marry my daughter. By the police trooper—My hu&band; was away when this occurred, and mv son was in the scrub at the time. Think deceased could see my husband " leaving for Xtedhill. Hugh M«Gilton said-^I have known the de ceased for the laBt 20 years. Xjftst saw him aliye- about 11 - o'clock this morning in the' garden in front of the house. I did not know it was him until my wife told uie. Deceased did not come to see me. Do not know what his object was in coming here. When I was half way over the paddock I saw two females running across, and heard screaming, which I took to be the cookatoo. When X came nearer I saw three persons struggling wtth each other, and came at a gallop to tbe eate. My wife said—"Oh, God,come or he will murder us." Jumped out of the trap, and" said— " Who is il ?" She replied—*' Harry Hollis." I undid the Worses then and got another horse with a saddle and followed up the traok Hollis went, but could not find him. Called my son, and went up the paddock and came down through it. again, but oould net find him. Wont to fiedhilt for the trooper. Did not hear any words spoken at the struggle. Was about 200 yards away. X believe the intimacy between a member of my family and the deceased has had something to do with his death. My daughter refused to marry him. First knew of the iutimacy last harvest twelve months. He did not ask me to allow him to marry my daughter, and I prohibited hi<ii 18 months ago from coming on the place and he had not been here since to my know— ledge, nor had he been keeping company with tny daughter during that time. Never heard him threaten to take his life, or threaten me. By the jury—Think he came with the intent ion of taking my daughter's life. He was struggling with her and tny wife, but ran away when he saw me. Do not know of any quarrel betweeu him and any of my family. Do not know of any reason why he should attack Mrs McGilton. The trooper was the first to find deceased's body. My son and daughter' were in the paddock where the body was found, about 40 chains away. William Pengilley said—I am a farmer in Koolunga. Knew the deceased, and last saw him alive this morning at9 o'clock at work on my farm. I went to Eedhill and left him at work. Never heard biro say anything about Miss McGilton or her family. He had been working with me since about February last. Never heard him threaten to take his life or that of anyone else. Think he was offended because he could not marry Miss McGilton owing to the objection of her prfrents. He told me last Christmas he was going to be married; Did not thinY he was a man likely to take his life, lfever saw him the worse for drink. He bad a mother Hying at Gawler. Mr McGilton told me he believed deceased was the father of his daughter's child. By the jury—No one slept with the deceased. Noticed laBt night at tea that something was wrong with him. He looked surly and was working alone. Do not know if any of mv family saw him this morning after I left. Do not know where he got the razor. He did not usually shave, but he did this morning. Did not know whether he waB at Bedhill on Saturday night. John McGilton, son of H. McGilton, said—I know deceased. Saw him alive last on Sunday week. He was not in the habit of visiting my father's bouse. I was about half a oifle froip the house where the struggle ensued, Cannot gjre any reason for deceased taking his life. By a jurors Was working a little more than a quarter of a mile from where the body was found. Left the house about 9 in the morning. Enow of no quarre} between deceased and my family. Think jealousy was his rea§on for committing suicide. Mr C. Ormsby said—About 11 this morning Mr McGilton came to me at fiedhill, and told me Harry Holhs had nearly cut his daughter's throat and had also injuried his wife. Xieft immediately with him for the scene. of the occurrence. Saw both the injured persons and thsBcefje of the struggle. Was informed that deoeased had tqgde 'to wards the scrub. Got on his track and found the body with the throat but about 300 yards from the scene of the: Btruggle. found an opep rajsor about three yards from the .body from the le/trhand side. The razor was covered with blood. XJieve wepe gome signs of a Btruggle having taken plaoe, which X consider were caused by deceased before death. There seemed to be three distinct, wounds. One was a clean cut right through the Windpipe, and the others less serious. Searched the body &tid; found a watch and chain, and in the cpat.popkjBt a stone about a quarter pound in weight. The body yas quite warm when I saw it. By a juror— Discovered the body about half-past 12. Am iuily confident it is a case of suicide. The jury found the folloving verdict;—"That deceased, Harry Holiie, came to hiB death by his own hand by cuttlag hjs throat with a razor." The deceased had been living in the neighborhood for a l*ng time, aud waB always a sober induBirious fellow. Much regfet fs felt at bis sad end. The jury" handed their fceg tooths coroner to be given to Mrs Fenn, whose iuisb^ng died on Tuesday last at Bedhill. The programme for "the ceremony of thie opening of the Imperial Institute has been drawn up. jj.be proceedings will be on a scale of great magnificence^, atid ^i}l closely reseipble those which )took jplacc at $he opeqiing of the Colonial andlhdian Exhibition of last year. PfippES80a Ewibeef, of the University of Bonn, is a very abspnjTminded man. t IJe w^a; very busily engaged ii solving some scientific problem. The eerjpnt hastily opened the doorv pjf This' studf0 4nd- announced a great , family"event' ^"A littje stranger has arrived." *' Eh?" " There is la little boy-".. " Little boy j Well, ask him(what3ie wants.'! ^ A peculiar ioques'. Mobk fine showers. Masonic installation.^ ^ ...... Another' ' c? JFBitA^^Bearly recovered.-: :r Bao. Hd^wf servicesrecognised. ViciOB&Uff; visitors being lionised. A drought in tbenorth of England. Another good man gone to -bisrest.. Menisxes busy with their new policy. Mb NoBBS received a handsome jewels IffTEEABS;Societies' Year Book to hand; EitrctobB, don'j forget Wednesday noxt. Chinese Commissioners now in "Victoria. The Nelson and Opal have left for Sydney. That Bedhill tragedy is unlike South Aus tralia. Neably three inches of ram at Wallaroo for June. Legislative Couuoi.l candidates-will soon know their fate. The Queen's garden party at Buckingham Palace a grand affair. The annual revenue returns do not refleot credit on the outgoing Treasurer. Oub Ministry too busy to spend much time in entertaining Viotorian yisitors. Gbeat fire at Blenheim (N.Z.) on Thursday morning. ~'£50,000 worth destroyed. The Kadina Masons will have no more banquets while a social can'be got up. That pugilistic Salvationist at Moonta has contributed £5 to the general revanue. The Victorian Premier is more than £200.000 to the good (or the past year. The farmers don't admire the sty leof the Hydraulic department in levying rates. Me aud Mrs Thos. Jones celebrated their G-olden Wed>ling on the 17th of last m^nth. Cr Huzza is right; an early start is no bene fit wluib so much time is wasted on the road. The farmers interested in the water rates are to meet at Kadina next Saturday after- j noon. . Fee arson's Pictorial Australian again to hand, with a well executed batch of Members' photos. The Wallaroo Mines Turks seem to have counted their chickens before they were hatched. The Maitland singers are going to afford the Moonta folks a treat on Wednesday even ing next. The Brigadier administers a salve to the wounded Mounted Infantry in General Orders of thiB week. The King of Serbia and his Queen, like some persons of humbler rank, cannot dwell together m unity. } The year's returns show that Mr Bray s estimates of revenue and expenditure for the year are £375.290 out The Kapunda folks wish the Adelaide train to leave earlier so that they may get their mails sooner than at present. Mr Pt.ayfoed has not been able to enlight en Vlr Gillies on the intentions of the Minis try regarding the Federal Council Bill. The information laid by the police against the Hamdorf family in connection with the " Cradock ghost " has been withdrawn. 'The Q-overnment have informed the Mait land Farmers' Union that the Inspector of Credit selections cannot be dispensed with. Mr Mestatee is evidently a cut above acts of Parliament and other trifles of that description. In fact he is a law unto him self. - • Some councillors spread themselves at the epeci«l meeting in the absence of the press. They muBt be forgiven, having suffered enough inwardly. " -..... The" Moonta Corporation are.going to take a fortnight to consider whether they will co operate with Kapunda in securing-an early start from Adelaide. The' new team of cricketers to proceed to Australia under the.direction of Mr Shaw has now been completed, ond will set sail for Adelaide on September 18. Db Fergusson'e death remains a mystsry. It was caused by an overdose of pruBsio acid, but the evidence does not disclose the circumstan ces under which it was taken. The Trudes and Labor Council of N.S.W. charge the Committee of the Bulli Belief Fund with coercing the widows into abandon ing aotions against the pioprietors. A Welsh poet has written some verses on the Paiti wedding, bpginning, •* Llanwer wynes heti gwoniawe a dherdorcol dan." Some how, every time a Welshman writes anything it gets pied by the p'inters. In reply to the representations of the Can adian Government and the Pacific Cable Company the British Government have agreed to survey the route which it is proposed that the Pacific cable should take from Vancou ver's Island to New Zealand. Queen Victoria at her drawing-rooms per sonally receives the first eighty ladies who enter, and as soon as she ie informed that the number has passed she leaveB the room and the Princess of Wales receives the rest. The picture of Queen Margaret and King Malcolm Can more, puintpd for the Hon. Alexander Hay, of South Australia, by Sir Noel Paton, K.S.A., lias been inspected by Her Majesty the Queen, who expresses herself as greatly pleased with the work. The Crown Prince Frederick of Germany has had a relapse in his affection of the throat owing to catching a severe cold. His throat is uow acutely congested and very painful. Ours has been the same tor tome days, but we have not telegraphed on the subject yet. Sbceet Societies both in Ireland and America are now known te be organising measures on & large scale with a view to defeating the operation ef the Crimes Biil ard enabling the peasantry in Ireland to defy the efforts of the Government to put its provisions in foree. , . A bill h«s been introduced in the Illinois Legislature Umitingtlie amount any person or corporation may take by descent or will. The limit is fixed et £500,000 in money or 1,550 acres of land each to a surving wjfe, cbiid or Corporation. Any surplus goes to the State. MetaIi neckties are the latest. They are the produots of German ingenuity. Gold, platinum, and silver strips are welded upon a metallic ground, and afterwards rolled into sheets. The neckwear of this material is practically indestructible, and is said to be handsome. Intelligence from Afghanistan with ra-? gard to the Ghitaai ^rebellion continues to be of a very conflicting character, varying accord ing to the source from which it emanates, but all accounts agree in stating that continuous fighting is being carried on between the Amir's troops and the insurgents. TgB new Kansas liquor law makes it neces sary fop a man desiring tp open a drug-store to bavo twenty-five woman signers to the peti; tion, and any person who buys liquor must go before a Notary ;Public and make affidavit as to what usa he will make of it and that it is not intended as a beverage. . S.OiJE comment: has., been exeited by the fact that the new Jprenph Ifinistry have placed General Boulanger, the late Minister for War, in command of the Thirteenth Army Corps," which- is stationed at Clermont Ferranrl, 250 miles south-south-east of Paris and in the neighborhood of Lyons. The JjCftiteftf observes At one time if ' was-said that the Government sgrylce was the refuge for the destitute friends of Legislators. Things have changed a bit since then, for thG Parliament ianow the refuse for the destitute, and the Civil servants are put on half-pay in oi-der to provide rations for the Members. \- If 5s announced tliut the present Attorney— General for Irplapd (the Right Hon. Hugh Holmes') will shortly he cveatpfl a Judge, and that he will be succeeded by Mr J. G. Gibson, the present Solicitor-General for Ireland. Sergeant O'Brien will then succeed jjr Gjibson in the office of Solicitor- General. As American exchange publishes a punning market report, in which be states that tip .plates are flat, lead heavy, iron doll, rakes hot uiucli inquired after, champagne brisk, rhu barb atid senna are drags, starch is stiffening. and paper stationary. There is no life in dead hogs","' hut" considerable animation in 'old Mr O'DoiTNEiiE., of Buagarvaq, vf\\\o inifia-j ited proceedings a few days ago against the, Times newspaper-for. an -alleged .libel in eon»_ neotion with the articles on "ParnelliBm and.. Crime," has decided to proceed with his. aotlojj, ^nd it. is expected that the whole; 4ufWoa^oi^^;^CI!JaflBt|on? feroqgbt by the; Tmes.^rA itsisoarces of information will bp; opened up. .... A formidable.-agitation is, being -carried on in panada |»^J#ie^lye^f^birui6ing about closer relation? with the (Jnited States, In different portions of the Dominioi} numerous meetings : jhave been held, at which the Canadian farmers were largely represented, and at j which resolutions wore carried fay large majorities in favor ofisqcJi a commercial anion with the United States as would put an end to, the present war of tariffs between the ;two;oountriesi. - 