JACK. (FROM THE CENTURY). Jack was a Fairharbor boy. This might be to say any of several things ; but it is at least sure to say one-he was a fisherman, and the son of a fisherman. When people of another sort than Jack's have told their earthly story through, the biography, the memorial, the obituary remains. Our poet, preacher, healer, politician, and the rest pass ou to this polite sequel which society had ordained for human existence. When Jack dies, he stops. We find the fisherman squeezed into some corner of the accident column : ' Washed overboard,' or ' Lost in the fog,' and that is the whole of it. He ends just there. There is no more Jack. No fellow-members in the Society for Something-or-Nothing pass resolutione to his credit and the consolation of the family. No funeral discourse is preached over him and privately printed at the request of the parishioners. The columns of the religious weekly to which he did not subscribe contain no obituary sketches signed by the initials of friends not thought to be too afflicted to speak a god word for a dead man. From the Press of the neighbouring city one thin memorial volume sacred to his virtues and stone-blind to his aefects shall ever issue. Jack needs a biographer. Such the writer of this sketch would fain aspire to be. Jack was born at sea. His father was bringing his mother home from a visit at a half-salster's in Nova Scotia, for Jack's mother was one of those homesick, clannish people who pine without their relations as much a some of as pine with them; and even a half. aister was worth more to her in her fanciful and feeble condition than a whole one is apt to be to bolder souls. She had made her visit at her half-seiter's and they had talked over receipts, and com. pared yeast, and cut out baby things, and turned dresses, and dyed flonnel, and gone to prayer meetings together; and Jack's mother was coming home, partly because Jack's father came for her, and partly because he happened to came sober, which was a great oli.and partly because the schooner had saUl, which was another-she was coming home, at all events, when a gale struck them. It was an ugly blow. The little two. masted vessel swamped, in short, at midnight of a moonlight night, off the coast, just the other side of seeing Cape Ann light. Toe crew were picked up by a three-master, and taken home. Aboard the three-master, in :right, and chill, and storm, the little boy was born. They always put it that he was born in Fairharbor. Int fact, he was born rounding Eastern Point. ''rhe toughest place to be horned in, this side o' Torment.' Jack's father said. But Jack's mother said nothing at all. Jack's father kept sober till he got the mother and the child safely into the little crumbling, grey cottage, in half of whose meagre dimensions the family kept up the illusion which they called home T'heiu, for truth compels me, I must state that Jack's father went straightway out upon what, in even less obscure circles than his, it is cultomary to Call ' a tear.' There seems to be something in the esavage, incisive fitness of this word which has overridden all mere dastinctions of class or culture, and moat ultimately make it al classic in the languace. 'I've stood it long as I ken stand, and I'm goln' on a tear-I'm a-goin' on a niatrnal tear,' said Jack's father to his oldest dory mate, a fellow he had a feeling for, much as you would for an oar you had handled a good many years, or perhaps a sail that you were need to, and had patched and watched. and knew the cracks in it, and the colour of it, and when it was likely to give way, and whereabouts it would hold. In fact, that proved to be, in deed and truth, an eternal tear for Jack's father Drunk as a fisherman could be-arid that is saying a good deal-he reshipped that right, knowing not whither nor why, nor indern knowing that the deed was done; and when he came to himself he was twelve hours out, onbis way to the Banks of Newfoundland; and the young mother, with the baby oii her arms, looked out of the frosty window over the foot of her old bedstead, and watched for him to come, and did not like to tell the selghbours that she was short of fuel. 8he was used to waiting-women are; Fairharbor women always are. But she had never waited so long before. And when, at the end of her waiting, the old dory.mate came in one night and told her that it hap pened falling from the mast beeanee he was not sober enough to be up there, Jack's other said she had always expected it. But bhe had not expected it, all the same. We never expect trouble, we only fear it. And she had put the baby on the edge of the bed. and got upon her knees upon the floor, and laid her face on the baby, and tried to say et' prayers-for she was a pious little wom*n, not knowing any better-but found she could not pray, she cried so. And the old dory-mate told her not to try, hut to cry as hard as she could. And she told him he was very kind' and so she did. For she was fond of her husband although he got drunk; because he got drunk, one is tempted to say Her heart had gone the way of the hearts of drunkards' wives; she loved in proportion to her misery, and gave on equation with what she loet. All the woman in her mothered her buhband when she could no longer wifely rsbhip him. When he died she felt asif ehe had lost her eldest child. So, as I say bshe kneeled with her face on the baby, and cried as if she had been the blessedeet of wives. Afterwards she thought of this with self.reproach. She said one day to the old dory-mate: *When my trouble came, I did not pray to God. I'd ought to have; but I only cried at Him.' Jack had come into the world in a storm, and he began it stormily. He was a big, soaring baby, and he became a ressless boy. His mother's gentle and unmodified fIainiulty was helpless before the problem of this wholly masculine little being. She eald Jack needed a man to manage him. lie emoked at six ; he lived in the stables and on the wharve at eight; he came when he got seedy, and went when he pleased; he obeyed rwhen he felt like it. and when be was punished,?be kicked. Once, in an imaginative snoaen, he bit her. She sent him to pack mackerel, for they woe put to It to keep soul sad body together, he brought home such habits of speech as eoven the Falirbharbor woman had never berd-. From her little boy, her baby-not est old enough to be out of sbort trouters, arnd scarcely out of little sacks; nad heo beu yours, my lady; at the pretty age when one still fastens lace collars round their necks and has them under shelter by dark, a.n hears their prayers, and challenges the breath o, heaven? lest it blow too rudely on some dellcate forming fibre of soul or body-from her little boy, at eight years old, the mother drlrt learned the abyssee of vulgarity in a seaport town. It ,rust be admitted that her education in this respect had been defective. She had always been one of tihe womlen ill whose presence her neighbour did not speak too carelessly. But Jack's mother had the kind of eyes whicn do riot see mire-the meek, religious, deep-blue eye which even growing sons re epect while they strike the tears from it. At his worst Jack regarded her as a epecies of sacred fact, much like heaven or a hymn. Sometimes on Sunday nights he stayed at home with her; he liked to hear her sinr. She rang ' Rock of Ages,' in her best black alpaca, with her wora-worn bands crossed onrn the gingham apron which she put on to save the dress. tut ah, site said, Jack needed a m.n to manaze him. And onea day when she said this, in spite of her gentle unconsciousness, or because of it, the old dory- mate to whom she said it said he thought as too, and said if she had no objection he wouli like to be that man. And the Fairharbor widow, who had never tnought of suach a thing, said she didn't know as she had; for nobody knew, she said, how near to starving they had come, and it was something to have a sober man. So on this reasonable basis Jack acquired a step-father, and his step-father sent him straightway to the Grand Banks. He meant it well enough, and perhaps it made rno difference in the end. But Jack was a little fellow to go fishing-only ten. his tiret voyaue was hard ; it was a March voyage ; he got badly frostbitten, and the skipper was rough. He was knocked about a good deal, and had the measles by himself in his berth, arid the men said they didn't know they had brought a baby to the Banks, for they were very bu*y; and Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about his mother, ant wished he nadn't kicked her, hbut forgot it when he got well. So he swaggered about among the men, as a boy does when he is the only one in a crew, and aped their talk, and shared their grog, and did their hard work, and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of moral ossification as well set in npoa his little heart as a ten-year.old heart allows. 'the next voyage did not mend the matter, nor the next. Arid though the old dory-mate was are honest fellow, he had been more succensful as a dory-mate than he was as a step-father. He and Jack did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if he luu needed a man to manage him, but she never said so, She was a good wife, and she had fuel enough now; she only kissed Jack and said she meant It for the hest, and then she went away and sang Rock of Ages to the tune of Martyn, very slow and quite on the wrong key. It seemed to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. When he was twelve years old he came home from a winter voyage one night, and got rius pay for his share-boy's pay yet for a boy's share, but bigger than it used to be and did not go home first, but went rollicking off with a crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, and his mother was expecting him, for she knew the boat was in. H1iS step father expected him, too-and his money; and Jack knew that. Ills mother had been sick, but lack did not know that; she had been very sick, and had asked for him a great deal. 'There had been a baby-born dead while its father was off- shore after cod-arnd it had been very cold weather, and some. thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked at the door of the crumbling cottage. The step-father ovened it; he looked pale and agitated. Some buys were there in a con fusnd group; they bore what seemed to be a lifeless body on a drag, or bob-sled. It was Jack, dead drunk. It was the hart time-he was only twelve and one of the Fairharbor boys took the pipe from his mouth to explain: ' le was trapped by a I'ortygee, and they've stole every cent of him, 'n' kicked him out, 'rn' left him stranded like a monk-fish, so me and the other fellows we horryed a sled and brung him home, for we thought his mother'd rather. lie ain't dead, but he's jest as drunk as if he was sixryl' The u'airharhor boy mentioned this circum stance with a kind of abnormal pride, as if such superior mnaturity were a poiint for a comrade to make note of. But Jack'a step. father went out softly and shut the door, and said : 'Look here, boys-help me in with him, will you ? Not that way. his mother's in there. She died ar hour ago.' And so the curse of his heredity came upon him. She never knew, thank Heaven. Her knowledge would have been a kind of terrible fore.omniscience, if she had. She would have had no hope of him from that hour. Her experience would have left her no illutions. The drunkard's wife would have educated the drunkard's mother too 'liberally' for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and detail of the future ill one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem in the higher mathematics may rest upon the width of a geometrical point. But she did not know. We say-I mean it was our fashion of saying-that she did not know. God was merciful. She had asked for Jack, it seemed, over and over, but did notcomplain of him for riot coming ; sihe never complained of Jack. She said the poor boy must have stayed somewhere to have a pleasant timei; and she said they were to give her love to him if he came in while she was asleep. And then she asked her husband to sing ' Rock of Ages' for her, because site did not feel very strong. He couldn't sing more than a halibut, poor fellow; but rhe did riot like to disappoint her, for he thought she looked what he called ' riser'hble'; so he sat down by the bed and raised his hoarse, weather.beoaten voice to the tune of Martyn, as best he could, and mixed up two verses inextricably with a lirle from ' Billy's on the Bright Blue Sea,' which he added because he saw he must have sormething to fill out. and it was all he could think of-but she thanked him very gently, and said he sang quite well ; and said Inice nmore that he was to give her love to Jack ; and went to sleep afterwards; and, by-arrndbye, they could not wake her to see her boy of twelve brought to her drunk. T'Ihe curse of his heredity was upon him. WVe may blame, we may loathe, we may wonder, we may despair; but we must not forget. There were enrough to blame without remembering. Jack, like all drunkards, soon learned this. In fact, he did not remember It very well himself--not having been ac quainted with his father; and never eenti mentalied over himself nor whinred forl hisbad luck-but owned up to his sine, with the blurneans of an honerst, bud fellow. iHe was rather ar honest fellow, in spite of all. He never lied when he-was sober. If the curse of his ancestry had come upon him, its compensatory temperament came too. Jack had the merry heart of the easy drinker. Born with his father's alcoholised brain celle, poor baby, endowed wirh the narcotirea conercience which this species of psrenrtage bequerlthe, he fell heir to the kind of attreac. tiVenrus that goes with the legacy. Is was a happy-go-lucky fellow. Life sat airily on him. Hie had his mother's handsome eyes dashed with his father's fun (fur she couldn't take a joke, to save her); he told a good story; he did a kind deed; he was generous with his monrey when he had any, and never in the leaset disturbed when irhe hadn't. He was popular to the dangerous extent that makes one's vices seem a kind of social iutroductian, and not in Jack's circle alone, be it said. Every crew wantod him. Drunk or sober, as a shbimate he was at par. It was usually easy for him to borrow. The fellows made up his fines for him, there was always somebody to go bail for him when he got before the police-court. Arrested. per ape, a bhalfdozen times a year in his maddest years, he never was sent to thebo House in his life. There were alwarys people enough who thought it a pity to let such a good fellow go to prison. HIe had-I was gong to say em a matter of course he had- curly hair. One should not omit to notice that he was splendidly tattooed. He was proud, as seamen are, of his brawny arms, dashed from wrilst to shoulder with the decorative ingenuity of his clask Jack had esthetic views of his own, indeed, about his personal allowance of indigo. HIe had ohbjected to the customsry medley of anchors, stars, and crescents, and exhibited a certain reserve of taste, which was rather interesting. On his left arm he bore a very crooked lighthouse rislng from a heavy sea he was, iu fact, quite flooded along the bici. pital muscle with waves and billows, but nothing else interfered with the massive proportions of the effect. This was con sidered a masterly design, and Jack was often called upon to push up hise sleeve and explain how he came by the inspiration. Upon the other arm he wore a crucifix, ten inches long; this was touched with blood. red ink; the dead Christ hung upon it, lesse anU pitiful. Jaca sald bhe Louk tie cruct?zx against his drowmnog. It was an uncommonly larye and ornate crucifix. Jack was a steady drinker as nineteen. At twenty-five he was what either an inexperi erced or a deeply experienced temperanceI missionary would have called incurable. The intermedlate grades would have confidently expec:ted to save him. Of course he reformed. Ite would not have beeu interesting it he had not. 'The unmiii gatel sot hue few attra':tiond even for sefLar ing society. It is the full and lilsh, the by. play and side-light of character that ' lead us on.' Jack was always reforming. After that night when he was brought holre on the bob-sled, the little boy was as ersteady and as miserable as he knew how to be for a long time ; he drew the unfortunate inference that te one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave was green with the scanty Fatrbharbor church-yard grass-for oven the sea-wind seems to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair haroor, and scants them in their natural covering- by that time rank weeds had over grown the sorrow of the homeless boy. lIe and his step-father 'got on' less than ever now, as was to be expected ; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can. dour that he was going to get drunk, if he went to Torment for it, the two parted com. patty ; and the crumbling cottage knew Jack no more. By and bye, when his stepfather was drowned at Georges. Jack borrowed the money for some black gloves and a hat- band f11i had the reputation of being a polite fellow; the fishermen spelled it t-o-u-y. Truth to tell, the old dory-mate had wondered sometimes on Sunday afternoons if he had besten she man to manage Jack ; and felt that the main object of his second marriage had been defea'eJ. Jack, as I say, was always reforming. Every temperance society in the city had a hand as him. They were of the old-fashioned, easy type which took their responsibilities comfortably Tney held him out on a pair of moral tonga and tried to toast his misdemeanours out of him, before a quick fire of pledges anid badges; and when he tumbled out of the tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the street when he was drunk, or why, it lie was good enough for them at the lodge-roomi he wasn't good enough to shake hands with before folks on the post-office steps, or propounded any of those nigenious posers with wiich his kind are in the habit of disturbing the benovolent spirit, they snapped the tongs to, and tarned him over to the churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited him into the free pews-a dismal little row in the gallery-sent him a tract or two, and asked him a few well meant and very confusing religious questions, towhfch Jack's replies were far from satisfactory. One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed him into a weekly prayer.meeting. It was a very good, honest, uninteresting prayer. meeting, and there were people sitting there bra.sde him with clean lives and clean faces whose motives Jack was not worthy to understand, and he knew enough to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mission prayer.meetiieg, devoted to the Burmese field ; which was, therefore, be it said, not so much an argument against foreign missions, as a deficient means of grace to the fisherman. Jack was terribly bored. Lie ran his hands through his curls, and felt for his tobacco, and whispered to the young convert to know if there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurting anybody's feelings. But just then the young convert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. lie liked the singing. His restless hand. some face took on a change such as a windy day takes on towards dese, when the breeze dies down. When he found they were singing ' Rock of Ages,' he tried to sing it too -fr he was a famous tenor on deck. But when he had sung a line or two-flash I down in one of the empty pews in front, he saw a thin old lady with blue eyes, sitting in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on her gingham apron. 'That's my mother. Have I got the jim jams ?' asked this unaccustomed worshipper of himself. But then he remembered that lie was sober. He could sing no longer after this, but bowed his head antd looked into his old felt hat, and wondered if he were going to cry, or get religion. In point of fact, he did neither of thtee things, because a very old church-momber arose just then, and said he saw a poor castaway in our midst to-night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul. Jack stopped crying. lie looked hard at the old churchbmember. He knew him; had always known him,. The fisherman waited till that prayer was through -it was rather a long prayer-and then he too sprang to his feet. H elooked all around the decorous place ; his face was white with the swift passion of the drinking man. I never spoke in a meetin' in my life,' said Jack in an unsteady voice. * I ain't religious. I drink. But I'm sober to-night, and I've got something to esay to you. I heard what that man said. I know him. He's old Jim Crownoby. I've always know'd Jimn Crownoby He owns a eight of property in this town. He's a rich man. He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he can't neither. All I want to say is, l've got drunk in one of them places of his, time and again; and if there ain't anybody but him to pray for my soul, I'd rather go to the devil.' Jack stopped short, jammed on his hat, and left the meeting. In the shocked rustle that followed, some one had the tact to start 'IRescue the Perishing,' as the fisherman strode down the broad aisle. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed him up for a week or two, and gave him an expensive Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain. SI've no objections to you,' said Jack candidly ; 'I'm much obliged to ye for yer politeness, sir. But them churches that sub. leases to a rum-seller, I don't think they understand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now ? Don't he do the heft of the prayiu', and the tallest of their crowin', consequent! Thought so. Better leave me go, sir, I ain't a pious man; I'm a fisehrrnan.' ' Fishes,' said Jack, 'is no fools.' Hie Iave voice to this remark one day in Boston, when he was teen y-five years old. He was trying to entertain a Boston girl; she was riot familiar with Fairbarbor or with the scenery of his calling; he wanted to interest her; he liked the girl. He had liked a good many girls, it goes without saying ; but this one had laid upon the tisherman-she knew not how, he knew not why, and what man or woman of us could have told him!--the power that comes not or the reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of rightness, but of the mystery to which, when we are not speaking of Jack, we give the name of love. It seemse a sacrilege, admit, to write it here, and ol three two. But then, again, it would beesay to be wrong. The study of the relativity of human feeling is a delicate science; it calls for a fine moral equipment. If this were the high-water mark of nature for Jack - and who shall say? - the tide shall have its sacred due, even down among those weeds and in that mud. He liked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He had known her a long time, as much as three months. When the vessel came into Boston to sell halibut, he had a few days there, drifting about as fishermen do, homeless and reckless ; :dnahinlg out the wages just paid off, in ways' that sometimes he remembered and sometimes he forgot, aird usually left him without a dollar towards his next fine when he should be welcomed by the police-court of his native city on returning home. Jack thought, I say, gravely of this girl. He never once took her name in vain among the fellows, and she had not oeen a very good girl either. But Jack reflected that he was t not very good himself, if you came to that. aHis downright, honest nature stood him in stead in this moral distinction ; there was always a broad streak of generosity in him Sat hbs worst; it goes with the temperament, Swe say, anrd perhaps we say it too often to agive him half the credit of it. She was a pretty girl, and she was very young. She had told Jack her story, as they strolled about the bright Boston streets on Scomfortable winter evenings; when be took Sher to the varie y show, or to theaoystershop. i and they talked together. Jack pitied her. SPerhaps she deserved it t iwas a sd little story-and she was so very young. She had a gentle way, with Jack* for some reason, I God knows why, abs had trusted him from Sthe firstc, and he had never once been known to disturb her trust. That was the pleasant part of it. On this evening that we speak of, Jack was sober. He was often sober when he had an I ,enI t rpeund with the Boston girl: not always-no, truth muas be told. She looked \- as pretty as was in her that night; she had b;ack eyes and a kind of yellow hair that Jack had never seen crinkled low on the fore. Shead above black eyes before; he thought her Sas fine to look at as any actress be ever saw; Sfor the stage was Jack's standard of the mag Snificeunt, as it is to so many of his sort. The girl's name was Teen. Probably abshe had been called Christine once, in her country home ; she even told Jack that shehadbeen baptised. .. 'I wasn't mysslf,' aid Jack ; 'I roared so. tiey darseu't do IL My wot0er gut me to church, for she was a pious woman, and I pummelled the parson in the face with both ints, and she said she came away, for she was ahamed of me. She always said that chris touit' wasn't never legal. It disappointed her, too. I was an awful baby.' 'I should think likely,' said Teen with candour. ' Do you set much by your mother ? * She's dead,' said Jackin a subdued voice. 'Teen looked at him ; she had never heard him speak like that. * I 'most wished mine was,' said the girl *h'd 'a' b'en better off-aloong of me.' ' That's so,' said Jack. iThe two took a turn in silence, up and down the brightly.lighted street ; their ;houghts looked out strangely from their marred young faces; they felt as if they were in a foreign country. Jack had meant to ask her to take a drink, but hbe gave it up ; he couldn't somehow. Was you always a fisherman t' asked Teen, feeling, with a woman's tact, that somebody must change the current of the subject. * I was a fisherman three genrieratione back,' Jack answered her ; 'hborned a fishermen, you bet I I couldn't 'a' b'en nothin' else it I'd drowned for it. It's a smart business. You hey to keep your wits about you. Fishes is no fools.' SAin't they ?' asked the girl listlessly. She was conscious of failing in conversational hrilliancy : but the truth was she couldn't get over what they had been laying; it was always unfortunate when she remembered her mnother. Jack began to talk to her about his business again, but 'Teen did not reply; and when he looked down at her to eee what ailed her, there were real tears rolling over her pretty cheeks. Wny, T'een I' said Jack, * Leave go of me, Jack.' said Teen, ' and let meeet off ; I ain't good company to.night. I've got the dumps. I can't entertain ye, Jack. And Jack-don't let's talk about mothers next tame, will we? It spoils the evensin'. Leave go of me, and I'll go home by my own self. I'd rather.' ' I won't leave go of you I' cried Jack, with a sudden blszing purpose lighting up all the corners of his soul. It was a white light, not unholy; it seemed to shine through and through him with a soft glow like a candle on an altar. '111 never leave go of your l'eeo, if you'll say so. I'd rather marry you. SMarry me?' said Teen. ' Yes, marry yoU. I'd a sight rather. There, now l It's out with it . What do you say to that Teess !' Teen wiped away the tears that fell for her I mother with one slow finger-tip. A ring on I her finger glistened in the light as she did I this. Site saw the sparkle, tote off the ring I ansd dashed it away; it fell into the mud, I and was trodden out of sight iustantly. Jack sprang gallantly to pick it up. 'Don't yon touch it I' cried the gIrl. SheI put her bared hand back upon his arm; the r ring had left a little mark upon her finger; she glanced at this, and up into Jack's hand some face; he looked very kind I 'Jack dear,' said Teen, softl, ' I ain't fit to I marry ye. 'You're fitter'n I be,' answered Jack, man fully. Teen sighed; she did not speak at I once; other tears came now, but these were tears for herself and Jack. Jack felt this, after his fashion; they gave him singular I confusion of mind. 'I wouldn't cry about it, Teen. You x needn't have me if you don't want to.' Stut I do want to, Jack.' f Honest' ' ' Honest it is, Jack.' 'Will ye make a good wife, Teen?' asked Jack, after some unprecedented thought. 'I'll try, Jack.' You'll never go back on me, nohow? t 'I ain' that sort I' cried the girl, drawing t herselt up a little. A new dignity sat upon I her with a certain grace which was beautiful I to see. ' Will you swear it, Teent' ' If you'd rather, Jack.' 'What'll you swear by, now?' asked Jack. , 'You must swear by all you hold holy.' 'What do I hold holy ?' mused Teen. e ' Will you swear,' continued Jack, seriously; t 'will you swear to me by the Rock of Ages' e Who's that V' asked the girl. ' It's a hymn tune. I want you to swear me by the Rock of Ages that you'll be that I you say you will to me. Will you do it, 1 'I'een t' 'Oh, yes,' said Teen, 'I'll do it. Where 1 shall we come acrost one? ' 'I guess I can find it,' Jack replied. 'I I can find 'most anything I set out to.' So they started out at random, in their e reckless fasehion, in the great city, to find the ltock of Ages for the asking. Jack led his companion hither and yon, peering into churches, and vestries, and missions, and wherever he saw eigns of sacred things. Singing they heard abun. t dantly in the gay town ; songs merry, mad, and sad ; but not the song for a girl to swear by, that she would be true wile to a man who trusted her. Wandering thus, on the strange errand whose pathos was so far above their own I dream or knowledge, they chanced at last i upon the place, and the little group of people known in thit part of Boston as Mother A Mary's meeting. The girl eaid she had been there once, I but that Mother Mary was too good for her ; she was one of the real kind. Everybody knew Mother Mary, and her husband ; he was a par. I son. They were poor folks themselves, Teen I said, and understood poor folks, and did for t them all the year round, not clearing out like rich ones when it came hot weather, but stood t by 'em, Teen said. They kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prayer you went ii and got it, Just as you'd call for at drink or a supper; it was always on hand for 5 you, and a kind word sore to come with it, and you always knew were to go for 'em; and Mother Mary treated you like folks. She liked her, 'Teen said. If she'd been a I different girl, she'd have gone there of a cold night all winter. But Teen said she felt ashamed. 'I guess she'll have what I'm after,' said Jack. ' Sloe ounds like she would. Let's go and see.' So they went into the quiet place, among the praying people, and stood staring, for they felt embarrassed. Mother Mary looked very white and peaceful ; she was a tall, fair woman; she wore a black dress with white about the bosom; it was a plain, old dress, mnuch mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, as'l'eeu had said. The room was filled with poor creatures gathered about her, like hier children, while she talked with them and taught themn as she could. She crossed the room immediately to where the young man stood, with tie girl beside him. i We've conie,' said J.ck, 'to find tire Rock of Ages.' Ie drew Teen'e hand through his oarr, and hell it fora minute; then, moved by some fine instinct mysterious to himself, he lifted and laid it in Mother Mary's own. ' Explaint it to her, ma'am,' he said; ' tell her, won's you. I'm going to marry her if ohe'll have me. I want her to swearby somethin' holy she'll be a true wife to me. She badn't anything par'icularly holy hereelf, aid the holiest thiig I know of is the Rock of Ages. I've heard my mother sing it. She dead We've been huntin' Bostoe over to nigrht after the Rock of Ages.' Mother Mary was used to the pathos of her sober work, but the tears sprang nosw to her large and gentle eyes. She did not speak to Jack-could not possibly, jont then; but, delaying only for the moment till sheo could command herself, she flung her rich. maternal voice out upoa tshe words of the old hymn. Her husband joined her, and all the people present swelled the chorus, SRock or Arts. cleft far moI Let me bias myself lu th a; be of lo the double cure; leanos me from l isguit and pwer." They sang it all through-the three verses that everybody knows-and Jock and Teen stood listening. Jack tried to sing him-elf : but Teen hid her face, and cried upon his arm. ' Thou maust save.' sang the praying people; 'Thou muot save, and thou alone 1' The strain died solemnly the room was quoets; the minister yonder began to pray, -nd all the people bowed their heads. But Mother Mary stood quite still with the girl's hand trembling in her own. 'Swear it, Teen? Jack bent down his curly head and whievspered; he would not shame his promised wife before these people. 'Swear by Ilthat, you'll be true wife to mel' ' I swear it Jack.' sobbed Teen. If liater the Rock of Ages, I swear by it. thoungh I was rodie for it, I'll be an honest wife to you.' ' Come back when you've got your licence,' said Mother Mary smiling through her tears, and my husband will marry you if you want him to.' We'll come to morrow,' Jack answered gravely. ' Jack,' eaid Teen in her pretty way-for she had a very Dretty way-' if I'm an honest wife to you, will you be kind to me V' She did not ask him to swear it by tshe Rock of Aaes, She took his word for it, poor thing. Women do. Mother Mary's husband married them next day at the Mission meeting; arsd Mother Mary sat down at the mslodeos in the corner ,t the pleasant place, and played and sang Toplady's great bymn for them, as Jack had asked her. It was hie wedding march. He I was very sober and gentle- almost like a better man. Teen thought him the hand Ssoment man she had ever seen. 'Oh, I say, Teen,' he nodded to her as they walked away, 'one thing I forgot to tell you r -I'm reformed.' 'Are you, Jack ? 'If I ever drink a drop again, so help me-' But he stopped. 'So help you, Rock of Ages I' asked the new-made wife. But Jack winced; he was honest enough to hesitate at this. * I don'; know's I'd daret--that,' he added, i ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. I have lose r all hanker for liquor. I shall never drink r again. You'll see.' 'e een did see, as was to be expected. She r saw a great deal, poor thing. Jack did not drink-for a long time; it was nearly five months, for they kept close count. He took her to Fairharbor, and rented the old half of r the crumbling cottage where his mother used to sit and watch for him on long, late even. ings. rithe young wife did the watching now. a They planted some cinnamon rose-bhoaes by I the doorsteps of the cottage, and fostered them affectionately. Jack was as happy and sober as poesible to begin with. HIe picked the cinnamon roses arid brought them in for his wife to wear. lie was proud to have a I home of his own-he had not expected to ; t in fact he had never had one since that night i when his mother said they were to give her I love to him, if he came home while she was asleep. He had beaten about so, sleeping for ; the most part in his berth, and snailing again I directly ; he had never hadany place, he said, r to hang his winter clothes in ; closets and bureau* seemed treasure-housee to him, and the kitchen tire a luxury greater than a less I good.looking manwouldhave deserved. When he came home, drenched and chilly, from a winter vnvage. and Teen took the covers off, and the fiery heat of the coals leaped out to greet him, and she stood in the rich colour, t with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet as any man's wife could look, and said ushe had missed him, and called him her dear husband, Jack even went so far as to feel t that Teen was the luxury He treated her I accordingly ; that was at first. He came straight home to her ; he kept her in flour and fuel; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need Teen was very fond of him. This was the first of it I was going to say this was the worst of it. All there was of Teen seemed to have anne into her love for Jack. A part of Jack had gone into his love for Teen. Teen was very happy, to begin with. The respectable neighbours came to see her, and said, 'We're happy to make your acquaintance.' Nobody knew that it had not always been so; that Teen's acquaintance would have been a source of social happiness. And she wrote to her mother that she was married ; and her mother came to make her a little visit ; and Teen cried her soul oat for joy. She was very modestand home keeping and loving; no wife In the land was truer than this girl he had chosen was to the fisherman who chose her. Jack knew that. He believed in her. She made him happy, and therefore she kept him right. All this was at first. It did not last. Why should we expect that, when we see how little there is in the relation of man and woman which lasts ! If happy birth and gentle rearing, and the forces of what we call education, and the silken webs of spun re finements are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle fer Teen and Jack 1 There was no miracle. No transubstantia Lion of the common bread to holy flesh was wrought upon that poor altar. Their lot went the way of otherlots, with the facts of their history dead against them. Trouble came, and poverty, and children, and care, and distaste. Jack took to his old ways, and his wife to the tears that they bring. The children died ; they were poor sickly babies who wailed a little while in her arms. and slipped out because there wasn't enough for them to stay. And the grey house was damp Some said it was diphtheria. but their mother said it was the will of God. She added, might His will be done I On the wholeshe was not sorry. Their father struck her when he was in liquor. She thought if the babies lived, they might get hurt. A month before the last one was born she showed to Jack's biographer a bruise across her shoulder, long and livid. She buttoned her dress over it with hasty repentance. 'Maybe I'd oughtn't to have told,' she said. ' But he said he'd be kind to me.' Jack was very sorry about this when he was s,,ber. He kissed his wife, and bought a pairof pink kid shoes for the baby, which it t never grew large enough to wear. I am not writing a temperance story, only the biography of a fisherman, and a few words will say better than many how it was. Alcoholised brain-cells being one of the few bequests left to society which the heirs do not dispute. Jack went back to his habits with the ferocity that follows abstinence. HIard luck came, Teen was never much of a housekeeper; she had left her mother too early ; had never been taught. Things were soggyr, and not always clean ; and she was so basy in being struck and scolded, and in bearing and btrying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire. The last of the illusion which had taken the name of home within the walls of the crumbling half-cottage withered out of it, just as the cinnamon roses did the summer Jack watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. A worse thing had happened, too. Some shipmate had ' told' in the course of time ; and Teen's pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the current--one of the cruelest currents of its kind-of Fairharbor gossip The respectable neighbours made her feel it, as only respectable neighbours do such things Jack, raging, overheard her name upon the wharves. Teen had been ' that she said she would' to him. lie knew it. No matron in the town had kept her life or heart more true. In all her sickness and trouble and slackness, and in going cold or hungry, and in her vivid beauty that none or all of these things could quench, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own as the racer in the old Promethean festival carried the torch while he ran against the wind. Jack knew-oh, yes, he knew. But he grow sullen, auspicious. When he was drunk he was always jealous ; it began to take that form. When he was sober he still admired his wife ; sometimes he went so far as to remember that he loved her. When this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee. and said to the grocer when sie paid for the sugar : 'My husband has reformed.' Orie night Jack camne home unexpectedly ; a strainge mood eat upon him, which hIis wife did not find herself able to classify by any of the instant atid exquisite perceptiona whic lh arow, like new faculties, in wives. Ite had been drinking heavily when he left ber, and she had not looked for him lordays ; if he sailed as he was, it would be a matter of weeks. Teen weit straight to him ; she th~ught he might be hurt; she held out her arms as she would to one of her children; but he met her with a gesture of indifference. and she shrank back. SShe's here,' said Jack. ' Mother Mary's in this --town. I see her.' 'I wish she'd talk to you,' said Teen saying precisely the wrong thing by the fatal instinct whichl so often possesses drunkards' wives. SYou do, do you ' quoth Jack. Well. I don'r, I haven't give her the chance. He crosahed on his bat, and stole out of thehouse agaiu. But hise mood was on him yet; the dif ference being that his wife was out of it. He sulked and skulked about the stre . alone for a while ; he did not go back to the boys Sjust then, but wandered with the apparent :aimlessness in which the most tenacious Iaims are hidden. Mother Mary and her husband were holding sailors' meetings in Sthes rougheat quarter of thabo town. There was need enough of Mother Mary in ?airharbor. A crowd had gathered to hear the novelty. tFirharbor seamen were none too used to being objects of consideration; it was a Smatter of mark that a parson and a lady should hire a room from a rich fish-farm, Spay for it out of their own scanty pockets, Sand invite one in from deck or wharf, in one's oil clothes or jumper to hear what a messmate of Jack's called 'a high-toned prayecr.' He meant, perhaps, to convey the idea that the petition treated the audience politely. Jack followed the crowd in the dark, abrinking in Its wake, for he was now sober enough not to feel like him self. IHe waited till the last of the fellows he knew had eone into the place and then crept up on tiptoe, and put his face against the window of the salt-cod warehouse where the little congregation was gathered, and looked in. The room was full and bright. It wore that same look of peace and shelter which he remembered. Mother Mary a ood as she had stood before. tall and pale, in her black dress with the white cover. ing on her bosom. Her husband had beet speaking to the fishermen, and she. as Jack nut hise gnarled hand Pu his excited eyes, and his e)es to the window.glasr, turned her face tull about, to start the sging She seemed to Jack to look at him. Hcr look was sad. He felt ashamed, and cowered down below the window.aill. But he wanted to hear her sing-he had never heard anybody sing like Mother Mary-and so he staid there for a little while, curled against the fish-house. It began to rain and he was pretty wet; but Jack was in his jumper, and a ragged old jumper at that ; he knew hlie wa not so handsome as he used to be ; he fIlt that he out a poor figure even for a drunken fisher. man ; all the self.respect that life had left him shrank from letting Mother Mary see him. Jack would not go in. A confused notion came to him, as he crouched against the warehouse, in the showers, that it was just as well it shculd rain on him; it msght wash him. lie pushed up his sleeves, and let the rain fall on his arrms. eUs found an old Cape Ann turkey box there was lying about, turned it edgewise so that one ragged knee might rest upon it, and thus bring his eye to a level with the window sill, while yet he could not he seen from within. So he crouched listening. The glimmer from the prayer-room came across the fisherman's hared right arm, and struck the crucifix. Ja,'k had the unconscious attitude of one sinking, who had thrown up his arms to be saved. The Christ on the crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. At this moment, Mother Mary's yearning voice rang out above the hoarse chrus ol the fishermen, whose weather.ragged and re verent faces lifted themselves mistily before her, as if they had been the countenance of Dne helpless man : ' Rook of Ages, cleft for me I' 'Oh, my God I' cried Jack. It was the next day that some one told Mother Mary, at the poor boarding.hones where she staid, that a woman wanted a few words with her. The visitor was Teen. She was worn and wan and sobbing with excite. ment. Her baby was soon to be born. She did not look as if she had enough to eat She had some. she said, just to see Mother Mary, just to tell her ,for Jack never would tell himself, but she was sure heyr husband had reformed ; he would never drink again; he meant to be a sober man' and Mother Mary ought to know she did it, for she did, God bless her 'I've walked all this way to blessyou for myself,'said Teen. ' I ain't very fit for walkln ' nor I can't afford a ferry.ticker, for he didn t leave me nothin' on this trip, but I've come to bless you. My huoband come to your meetin,' Mother Mary, by himself, Jack did. lie never goes tonomretiu's-nohedytouldn't drove him ; but he come to yours, because he says yon treat a man like folks, and he wouldn't go inside, for he'd hen drinkit'and he felt ashamed. So he set outside upon a box behind the winder and he peeked in. And he said it rained on him while he set peekin', for he wanted to get a look at you. And he come home and told me, for we'd had some words beforehand, and I was glad to see him. I was settin' there and cryin' when he come. " I wouldn't, Teen," says he, " for I've seen Mother Mary, and I'm reformed," says he. So he told me how he set upon the box and peeked. He says you looked straight at him. He says vou stood up very tall and kind of white. Ise says you read something out of a book, and then you sang to him. He says the song you sang was Rock of Ages, and it made him feel so bad I had to cry to see him. ife come in and he got down on the lounge against our window, and he put his hand acrost his eyes and groaned like he was hurred iu an accident. And he says. " Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I says, " Jack, I wiened you was." And he says, "I lost the banker when I heard her sing the Rook of Ages, and if I lost the hanker, I could swear off." So Ididn't answer him, for if I says " do swear off," he'd just swear on-they won't, you know, for wivee. But I madehim a ctpuof coffee, for I didn't know what else to de, and I brought it to him on the lounge, and he thanked me. "Teen," he says. " I'11 never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother Mary I' And then he kissed me, for they don't, you know, after you've been married. And he's gone out haddockin', but we parted very kind. And so I come to tell you, for it mayn't be many days that I could walk it, and I've been that to him as I said I should, and I thought you'd better know.' 'You've had no breakfast,' answered Mother Mary, 'and you've walked too far. Hfere, atop at the Holly Tree as you no home; Let a bowl of soup ' and take the ferry back. There, there I don t cry quite so hard. I'll try to stay a little longer. I won't leave town till Jack comes in. It fakes the Rock of Ages to cure the banker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if thor had been stopped by a lasso thrown from heaven. If there's any save in him,' added Mother Mary below her breath, ' he shall have his chance, this time.' He went aboard sober, and sober he stayed. He kept a good deal by himself, and thought of many things. His face paled out and refined, as their faces do, from abstinence; the ghost of his good looks hovered about him ; he mended up his clothes; he did a kind torn to a messmate now and then; he told some excellent clean stories, and rained the spirits of the crew; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who had an indebtedness to liquidate for medicine. When he had done this, he remembered that he had left his wife without money, and said aloud : 'That's a -- mean trick to play on a woman.' He had bad luck, however that trip; his share was small' he made 7dol. and 27c. in three weeks This was conceded by the crew ef the fishing schooner ther name was the Destiny) to be because Jack had, ' sworn off ' It is a sunerstition among them. One unfamiliar with the lives of these men will hammer cold iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck do not go together ; or that to 'reform' does not imply a reduc tion of personal income. You might as well try to put the fishermen's fist into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. Therefore Jack took his poor trip care. leeely ; it was to be expected ; he would ex. plain it to Mother Mary when he got in. He drank nothing at all ; and they weighed for home. (ro as coon.LDo IN OcuR NexT.) 