AOTA POPULIo By THE FliAiTBTJB. Nothing attempted — nothing done. Such is the disgraceful record of the first month of what : must necessarily be a short Session ; and such is the not wholly unexpected result of all the fair promises o£ the Good Government. Whatever chance Premier Parkes may have had of carrying out his farcical programme has now passed away ; for, putting it plainly, the Minis try is in office, but the Opposition is in power, so far, at least, as the control , of business and debating strength are concerned* The recent defeat of Sir 'Enry's pet nominee for the Wentworth electorate is another clinched nail in the Good Government's coffin, and when the time comes for Ninny Melville to trot out his State House carriage, and cart the lot off to the political boneyard, a thrill of joy will go through the land, and the people will crowd round and say, ' Behold, we are delivered from a great fear ? let us kick the corpse.' During his canvassing campaign the aforesaid nominee, Mr. Griffin, alluded to his dear friend^ Sir 'Enry, as 'the Nestor of the N. S. Wales Assembly.' This was enough to make the level headed old Greek sit up and snort with righteous indignation. If Sir 'Enry deserves to be called anything of late, it should be the political ' Mother Gummidge,' for, like the old dame in ' Copperfield,' he is eternally com-« plaining that he is ' a lone lorn creetur', and everythink goes contrairy v-rith him.' It's his ' raisfortun', ' and he must have felt it pretty badly on Thursday last, while, the terrible O'Sullivan was prodding him up with a long pole over Water-jug Poster's mortgage on a future Judgeship, for he said— ' I care for nobody. I am poor, unfortunate, friendless ; but as long as I am in the position, which I hold I shall do my duty according to my conscience.' This was ' Mawther Gummidge's' veia all over but I regret to say it produced shrieks of ironical laughter instead of torrents of bitter tears, and! while sympathy for his drivelling old leader, aided by a bad attack of cramps and the thoughts of the probable Ios3 of his rosy billet, caused poor Abi gail to look as melancholy as a dyspeptic owl, the leas susceptible TigOr Inglis bad to jab a pen in his leg to prevent- his laughing right out, while Tom Garrett wandered in a dazed way into the refreshme'fit-room, and for the next half-hour could do nothing but wave his hands up and down, like a musician conducting the Dead March in Saul, and exclaim, ' Well, I'm jammed.' Like tho villain in tho play, the O'Sullivan still pursued his victim, however, and in a fine burst of indignant fiction Sir 'Enry denied the charge of extravagance in spending the public money, and declared, -e We have expended no money which we could not get tho approval o£ this House for the expenditure of, and we nevc;r shall.' These be ' prave worts,' but they do rj,otj chime in very well with a recenfj ?cablegram which says our Agent-General is ad vertising in England for a Chairman for our pro posed Railway Board. The bill for the appoint ment of the said Board, although ' laid on the table/' has never yet been read ; the system may never be adopted ; and yet we are likely to be saddled with an English railway manager at a salary of several thousands a year by the Good Go vernment, whoso brazen boast is that they never have and never will expend any public money not sanctioned by the House. This is coming the bluffing business just a trifle too strong*., and the wonder is that the House didn't tumble down and squelch the daring dodger who had the nerve to stand up and fire off such a plain., undiluted tarra diddle. ' Mr. Speaker '' is another party whoso farthing rushlight of a sun has evidently set for ever. Ho one outside of a lunatic asylum expected that this unfortunate man, who had greatness so cruelly thrust upon him, would ever be able to do any thing like justice to the responsible position lie was pitchforked into ; but most of us thought he would have at least sufficient 'savvy' to act so as to please the party that placed him in power. He has proved, however, that he does not possess even enough political acumen to do this, and he reminds one forcibly of the Irish man's cannon, which was open at both ends and liad its touch-hole in the middle, and which when fired did as much destruction amongst its own party as it did amongst the enemy. Providing that a speaker promised to conclude with a motion, our worthy egg-and-turnip merchant would allow Mm to prance round as he pleased, and it would actually seem that G. E. Sims had our 'May' muddler in his mind's eye when he sang — You may put up your thumb till it touches your nose. Then spread out your delicate fingers ; You may threaten a member with beatings and blows, \- . And make all your epithets stingers. You may do, you may pay, what the dickens you please, Ton may puir up pill, plaister, or potion ; You may even suggest that the Speaker has fleas, If you only conclude with a motion.' Mr. Young should at at once resign, and by com mitting political suicide save himself from slaughter. Friends and foes alike demand this, and Tom Garrett swears he'll act the prompter's part no longer. As a success Mr. Young has proved himself a most decided failure, but as a failure he is a most unqualified success. Oblivion yawns — shoot him in. 'By the pricking of my thumbs., something ?wicked this way comes,' and behold I Pastor Chiniquy ia the wickednoss referred to. The re ?port that he had been wiped out by a pistol shot in a gambling-saloon was merely a ' cablegram' after all; his dear friend, Mr. J. B. Crews, of Melbourne, having recently received a letter from 'him, dated ' Illinois, 30th July,' in which the good old man says :— 'I received your kind letter, informing me that the priests of Borne are publishing for the twelfth time their old lie that I am dead, after having made my peace with the Pope.' If Mr. Crews really did forward such information to Chiniquy, he dealt moet unfairly by the Mel bourne Age, for it was that reliable Eadical journal which first published the terrible tidings that the champion apostate had been rushed to his doom. ' with all his imperfections on his head/' and the Age would do anything — except hand Chiniquy money — to further the success of the evil cause he has espoused. Charles would appear to have as many lives as a cat. Those whom the 3 gods love die young, but Chiniquy must be past the three score and ten limit now, and the curse of the Wandering Jew would seem to have settled down upon him. Any suspicion of Mr. Crews's letter being a fraud of the London Times pattern is at once dispelled by a paragraph which shows that the irrepressible Charles is still on the cadge, for he significantly says— ' I am at work to help to raise .£2,000 to build schools to receive the multi tude of Roman Catholic poor children who want to receive a Bible education and become Pro testants.' The dear old man ! How the children love him ! Everywhere he goes they hang round him like feathers round a pig, and their ceaseless wail is, not for buns and gingerbeer, but for Bibles and the Protestant religion ! How very like a child. How very like a whale. Like the horse-leech's daughter, Chiniquy's ery is ' Give ! Give ! Give !' and after the usual stale old slush about the paganism of Eome the Canadian Counterfeit strikes into the sap of his subject and says, 'Tell my brethren that, in the name of our common Saviour, I ask them to send me the crumbs which fall from their tables that I may help those hundreds of Eoman Catholic children to give up the errors of Popery.' I am half afraid that the good old pastor will have coine difficulty in scraping up .£2,000 worth of crumbs over here just at present Burnt children dread the fire, and Pastor Allen's costly piece of experience with the escaped Jesuit from Kew has made the brethren mighty careful how they risk their good coin in assisting doughty generals to wage war against the roclT bound fortresses* of the Church of Eome. Every dog has his day, but of late there would appear to be more lecturing- dogo than days knocking round this quarter, and unions Charley can give ?ua something more spicy than, the old rehashed dish of dirt-pie which he ladled out before, I fear his poor little Catholic friends will have to go to bed without their Bibles. There are too many of Chiniquy's kidney at the 'escaped' game now, and all the 'crumbs' he is likely to receive wouldn't keep the life in a young tom-tit for a single day. ;i The first scorch of summer is upon us once again, and tho panting poet, ag he sips his iced shandy, sings — ? Backward, turn backward, O time, in thy flight, Give us a frosb again, just for a night ; I am no full up of weather so hot The steam it produces would fill a big pot. Weary oi collars that wilt like a rag, Weary of toiling away for the swag ; A snow storm or hail storm would go very nice, Put me on ice, mother, put me on ice. The first mosquito of the season lias been bagged by Bishop Barry, who used one ? of Lawler's breech- loading, choke- fire, doublebar relled sets of curtains, and this reminds me that the summer shopping season is also in full blast, and the male mind is tortured by the sight of the tired topknot of the weary counter-skipper as he climbs aloft in search of ' something just a shade darker than that,' or scurries round in search of 'a ha'porth of braid to match this.' Woman's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands of the sterner sex roar, especially when the torture is connected with that martyrdom known as shop ping. Only the other day our friend Burke, of Lgiwler's, who has been studying up the Woman's Right fad of late, remarked to one of his satraps -—' James, I wouldn't say c lady' to any of our temale customers again it I were you ; 'chey seem to have received a more liberal education of late ; their minds are gradually expanding, and they appear to realize that the great sisterhood of woman has a high and noble mission to perform, and should, consequently, have a soul far above such paltry things as mere titles.' 'All right, sir,' replied James ; and. presently old Mrs. Souerby hobbled in, and having sold her half-a-crown's worth of knick-knacks for a shilling, James airily inquired — ' Is there anything else I can do for you to-day, woman ?' ' No, there's not,' shrieked the indignant customer, ' and don't you ' woman' me again, young schnapperhead, or by the powers I'll get you by the back o' the neck an' ram your head in the gutter. I'm a lady, an' I'll teach you to respect me as sich.' Burke of Lawler's now says woman's mighty mind will stand a little more elevating and expanding. This is the season when the experienced hus- ] band will recoil with mortal dread when the wife of his bosom affectionately kisses him as he starts into town, and slipping a scrap of paper into his pocket, says — ' There's a list of a few things IJd. . like you to get during the dinner hour for me. Now, be sure you don't forget any of them ; they will only take a minute or two to purchase, and I want them all to-day. That's a dear, now, don't forget.' When the unfortunate husband subsequently unfolds the paper he finds it con tains a list as long as Leperello's record of his Diashing master's amours in ' Don Giovanni,' and. sadly sighs as he reads—' Six lemons, a dozen, oranges, yard of blue ribbon, dozen shirt-buttons, packet of tacks, box of tooth powder, bunch of rhubarb, card of hooks and eyes, pound of fancy biscuits, tin of jam, 4 yards of lace like sample, cockatoo cage, paper of pins, box of glycerine* jujubes for Johnnie's cough, dozen of fresh eggs, quarter of a yard of brown silesia, Is worth of barley sugar, a gridiron, two pocks of peas, and something nice for baby.' As a rule the poor pilgarlic gets home with the cockatoo cage, six lemons, and the shattered wrecks of the fresh eggs, and having mumbled out some excuses, he is knocked silly altogether by thej terrible tone in which his indignant wife exclaims — ' What! you didn't have time to get the other' things ? 'Why, I could have bought them all in ten- minutes.' Man was made to mourn, but he generally howls over his abortive attempts at sho pping. ft- ft ^ SI ? . _ J.1_ _ S~\ ? t)Z ' _ ^ ? , _ 1 ..1 ? 1. . ? T_ * _1_ T ? uoa save tne ^jueen : is a loyai snow; wnicnx think would be all the better for a trifling altera tion. The word 'save,' when, applied to our particularly careful ruler, ia just a trifle too sar castic ; in fact, there was a time when it might be construed into a breach of patriotic Parkes's Treason Felony Act, and the offender sentenced to be shot dead by the Kiauia Ghost. The latest, and perhaps the best, story told of our pre eminently good and gracious Queen comes from Lithgow, where one Mrs. Bissell, the wife of a struggling coal-miner, celebrated the Jubilee month of June in the rather novel way of giving birth to triplets. This struck the editor of the Lithgow Mercury as being such a highly original idea that he started a collection to re lieve the poor woman's wants, and perhaps encourage other wives to go and do likewise. With her customary generosity, Lady Carrington sent along- £'6, and as we were all busy just then proclaiming what a pre-eminently charitable creature our ' Good and Gracious ' was, the thoughtful Lithgow man endeavoured to tap Mrs. Guelph for a trifle also, by writing her a very nice let fceiv, in -nhich the facts of the case were plainly and politely stated. Last week there came a, tale from England — a tale from England's Queen—and here it is now, in all ita repulsive nakedness. ' General. Sir Henry F. Ponsonby presents his compliments to Mr. Caulfield, and regrets to pay thaj the case of Mrs. Bissell cannot be considered by the Queen, The length of time which must necessarily elapse before a triple birth can be an nounced and the circumstances investigated renders it impossible to admit the cases which may occur in Her Majesty's colonial possessions, as the dona tion is only granted by the Queen to assist poor parents in providing food and clothing immediately after the birth of the three children, it being an unexpected occurrence for which they would have made no preparation.' This precious epistle reminds me of the man who, being asked for a subscription in aid of the widow of a painter who had fallen from the top of a house and was killed, replied that he would have to decline on principle, because if he subscribed it might encourage all kinds of men to falloff all kinds of places, and leave all kinds of helpless widows depending on the public. Persons who are in the habit of giving birth to triplets would do well to remember that in future at least, three months' notice must be given to the Queen, so that their cases may be duly in vestigated beforehand, and her Majesty may be enabled to save up her odd bawbees in time to provide .£3 worth of food and cloth ing 'immediately after the birth of the three children.' It must be distinctly understood, however, that not more than one appeal can be received from one mother during one year, because times are dull at present, and Our Sovereign Lady is not only a mother herself, but a grandmother as well, and consequently she has no little difficulty in keeping the wolf from the door. I don't know General Ponsonby personally, but the sly way in which he draws particular at tention to the fact that the birth of triplets is rather an ' unexpected occurrence ' stanvps him as a humourist of the first water, and it is a matter of great regret that he is content to hide his ISO candle Argand-burner light under such a miser able little bushel as Great Britain, j 