A Thrilling Mining Story. 'Aman getS6ome queer ideas in his head when he's out all alone in the mountains,' said John Sanderson, an old prospector who had his headquarters at El Paso, but who makes several incursions into the mining districts every year. ' Half of them believe in ghosts, nine out of ten in signs, and about all of them in luck. My own ex perience has changed my views in a good many particulars, and, for one thing, it has made me a firm believer in special providences. It didn't come abiiut gradually, but through as marvellous escape from an awful death as, 1 believe, ever falls to men. ' It happened up in the Minibres mountains four years ago this summer. The Miinbres lie in New Mexico, down below old Fort Tule Rosa, and they must be full of gold somewhere, because the bods of the creeks that find their way down the sides are 60 rich in placer diggings that you can't pull up a sage brush around there without seeing bright specks among the roots. I bad a pet theory then that if you followed the creeks up high enough aud looked close enough you would find a tremendous deposit of gold in decomposed quartz. I thought, you see, that a little of it bad washed off the surface in the course of time and formed those placers. What I wanted to find was the mother gold. '? I talked the thing up to Charley Burke, another pros pector and friend of niine,uutil he agreed to put up half the outfit and join ine in the search. We got a couple of bur ros, tlio necessary tools, and started early in the Spring. The country about the Mimbres is about as wild and deso late as any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt a man to attempt. It was one succession of gorges, gulches, and acclivities, all etrewn with granite boulders from the size of a man's hand to a four-storey block, and often we were obliged to leave the watercourse we were following and make detours that took days at a tune. 'The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently looking for placers. We found no very rich ones, but everywhere there was gold. Sometimes there would be lots of it in the bottom of the tin cup after we had taken a drink, and sometimes — here 16 a curious thing — it would be floating on the surface. I will let some one who is better posted in science than I tell why gold now and then floats, but I only know that little flakes of it do, and a lot of it is lost in sluice- mining that way. As long as we found placers we knew that the main deposit was ahead, so we pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last we caino to a spot where the sand was barren for several days' journey, and then we began to prospect the country all around. * To make a long story short, we struck a ledge one morning with outcroppings that crumbled under my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellow threads. ' Charlie,' I yelled out, all afire at once, ' we have struck it.' ' But before we sunk a shaft we found something else that sent our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a notification accord ing to law on one of the posts, that Peter Stunner and Joseph Klautzy had taken possession of the ' Big Six' and done the legal assessment work. I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft and came back to tell me that it 'didn't cover half the amount necessary, under the law, to hold the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure enough, it was only down about half the required distance, so we took possession of the property, changed its name to ' The Treasury,' and went to work. '?We built ourselvesaroughshanty,riggedupa windlass, and began to sink. In a few days we were in a formation rich enough to make a man's head swim, and getting better as we went down. We wem both so excited that we begrudged the time to sleep and ent, and we neither of us meditated for an instant giving the claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assessment work. What had become of the two men was a mystery. They had left no trace except the notification-board and shaft, and it gave me the creeps now and then to think that they might be dead. But we were not in a frame of mind to let sentiment inter fere with business. ' I suppose we had been there for a couple of weeks when provisions began to run short. We didn't want to loth leave the claim at once, so it was finally arranged that Charley go down to the creek to a camp about oO miles away and bring a supply. He took both burros and started off. I calculated it would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy on my hands. I tried to work a little on the chaft The 'formation was very hard, and we had rigged up a sort of cross-bar ladder. I would go down this, fill the bucket, climb to the surface and pull it up. 'At about noon of the second day after he left I was startled at what I thought was a man crossing a little gulch a half-a-mile away. I only had a view of it between two roebs, and whatever it was it passed so quickly that I was not sure. However, I waited for a couple of hours, and then seeing nothing further, concluded I was mistaken, and I went down into the shaft, I filled the bucket with very heavy ore, climbed up, and had it about half-way raised when a man came walking up the creek-bed towards me, Then I knew that I was right before. '? He was an ugly-looking customer, big and brawny, with a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester on his arm. I had a little stick that I slipped into the windlass handle near the axle to keep it from turning backward, and, leaving the bucket just where it was, sus pended half way np, I started toward the cabin to get my arms. He covered me with his repeatinsr rifle and ordered me to halt.' ' * What are you doing on my claim ?' he said. ' ' I reckon you can see,' I replied, putting as good a face on it as I possibly could. ' ' ' You mean you've j umped it, you cursed thief r' ' ? No, I don't There wasn't enough to work on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody's.' *? ' You lie.' 'He looked at me over the sights with his wicked greenish eyes for full a minute. Then he said: *' ? Did you ever pray ?' ''Ym,' I faltered. ' '? ' Then pray now. I'Jl give you two minutes to do it.' ' By that time my mind was clear enough to take in the whole situation, and I had no doubt but he intended to murder uic then and there. With me out of the way, there would be no one to testify to the insufficient work, and I would simply be regarded, if the story of my death was ever told, as a claim- juniper who had been justly dealt with. I felt my knees begin to tremble and tried another track.' ' ' If you kill me,' I said, 'my partner will be back and see that you hang for it.' ' * I'll fix your partner the same way, you claim- j umping cur.' ' True enough. Nothing would be easier than to assassi nate Burke on his return, and we had so jealously guarded the secret of our trip that no one would know where to search for us. We would simply disappear, as hundreds of prospectors do, never to be seen by men again, and speedily to be forgotten. I had no hope of mercy from the instant I looked into the man's cruel face. I felt with a sickening qualm and a wild drumming in my ears that my time had come.' ' ? Oh, for heaven's sake, don't murder me,' I cried, * I will go.' ' The man made no reply. For a moment my head 6wam, and then, with a sudden return of vision that was excruciating in its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest the gun-barrel over the windlass handle, and marked even that slight contraction of the eyelid that always just pre cedes a shot. The next instant there was a crash, an explosion, and a cry all mingled into one. I saw the man turning head over heels down the embankment, the Win chester flying through a cloud of smoke up into the air, and all the while heard a loud, monotonous whirring noise that was like some gigantic clock running down. ' I did not realise it at the time, but this is what had happened : When he rested his gun across the windlass he dropped the barrel right across the little stick I had thrust in to prevent it tumbling, and knocted it out. I suppose the bucket of ore weighed 1501b., and the great iron handle swinging clear around, gained Euch terrific momentum that when it struck him square in the face, which it did, it lifted him off his feet like a cannon ball. The gun was discharged by the shock, but the bullet went nowhere near me. Before I regained my senses I heard the bucket strike the bottom with a smash. 'When I picked up the man he was unconscious, but moaning a little, and the blood trickling out of his ears. His gun was broken. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, and after Charley got bock we managed to get him to Silver City. There the doctors put his face in a. 6ort of plaster of pans cast, but, although the wound healed, he was out ot his head, and eventually died. The night before he passed away he motioned for a little slate he used to write on, for he couldn't speak. He was very weak, and it took him a long time, but at last he scrawled : '« Who hit me:' 'Before they could tell him he fainted away. The mine V Oh, the mine pinched out after awhile and disap pointed us. I sold my interest to Burke, aud, I think, after working it for a year, he gave up in disgust and moved away.' — Mexican 1'aper. 