Miser Parebrother. By B. L. FARJEON, Author of ' In a Silver Sea,' 'Grif,' 'Great Porter-square.' &c.; Chapter I.— THE LAST OF THE CARE TAKERS. X Dropmore Beeches, near Eeddington, county of Surrey, l stands a red-brick mansion, in the Gothic stylo, known I as Parksides. It is situated on the outskirts of an estate of 40 acres, comprised of a few acres of cover, and, for the rest, of shrubberies, mfiadnw land, nnri n wril^oi^ioos wood, upon the arrangement of which great care bad been bestowed and a vast amount of money expended. This was in the old days, when the house had been occupied by a j.a.Lunj ui guuu cicmuLug, me uuuB oi wiiicn iiaa. rosiaeu m it for many generations. Pride was taken in it then, and it was deservedly renowned for its beauty. The country people round about quoted Parksides as a possession which reflected honour upon themselves, and the vicarious distinction was accounted of high value. Th?y had good reasons for being proud of it, and of its masters and mistresses, who were to the fore not only in the county but in the metropolis. The gentlemen fought for king and country, and administered the laws ; the ladies dispensed charities and set the fashions ; they attended Court, hunted, travelled, and held their heads high, as was their due. But other times, other men. The family that had owned Parksides for centuries slipped out of the ranks— for which they had none but themselves to blame. A strain of foreign blood was introduced by marriage, and the heir, born of that union, inherited the vices of his mother's family. He ran his course merrily, and after him a spendthrift heir, and after him another, reaped what had been bred and zealously cultivated in the bone! They played the part of absentees, and plunged into the fashionable dissipations of the city — raked, and made matches on the racecourses, rattled the dice-box from night till morning, were always ready for any mad prank, drank deeply, and borrowed at exorbitant interest — until they had thoroughly succeeded in squandering their fortune. It was too late' then, for repentance : Parksides was lost to them iind theirs for ever. There had been long and complicated law proceed ings in connection with the estate, and at the period of the opening of this story it was supposed to bo in Chancery— which troubled itself not at all in' the matter— and to have no rightful or legal owner. Nevertheless, it was occupied* by a man who had earned the name of Miser Farebrother, who paid rent to no one, and was not called upon to do so. It was really doubtful whether any person had authority to demand it; and, if a claimant had come forward, his right would have been stubbornly contested by Miser Farebrother, who had papers in his fire- proof safe proving, in some entangled way, that he had advanced money upon the estate which entitled him to possession. The lawyers, for a great number of years, had gathered rich harvests out of Park sides ; and after picking its bones clean and involving it in legal complications which the entire learned profession could not have unravelled, had turned their backs upon it and flown to more profitable game. Its fate, long before it fell into the hands of Miser Farebrother, may be described in one word — decay. The wilderness wood, the wild charms of which had been preserved with so much care and skill, was so encumbered with stunted wood growth and overrun with giant weeds, that it resembled a miniature Forest of Despair ; the shrubberies were wrecks ; the meadow land was thick with tufts of rank grass ; and the only part of the estate which had thriven was the cover, in which the rabbits literally swarmed, spreading destruction all around. Not a shillin,!!; did Miser Farebrother expend upon the grounds — a proof that he did not rearard his rights as absolutely incon testable ; for he had a keen eye for the main chance, and money could have been laid out on the land with profit, both in the present and the future. But he was not the man to waste the smallest coin upon a doubtful venture. 'Safe and sure ' had been his motto all through his life, and from a worldly point of view he had made it pay. He took possession of Parksides in the dead of night. For at least a dozen years it had been without a tenant, and for many years before that time its only inmates had been the caretakers appointed bv the court? and the lawyers. The last of these caretakers had been a very old man and a very old woman of the name of Barley, who were supposed to have died of starvation in the house. It was said that there ?were long arrears of wages due to them, which were never paid, because the last shilling of the available funds had been swept awav by wig and gown. No one cared to assume responsibility in the matter, and so this old couple were left in possession to do as they pleased. They had come from a distance to enter upon their duties, and nobody in the neighbourhood knew anything about them or their ante cedents ; nor was it known how they came to be appointed. That they were the poorest of the poor was clear ; all that they brought with them to Parksides were a stick and a bundle. The old man carried the stick and the old woman the bundle. How they subsisted was a mystery. In the autumn they were in the' habit of picking up bits of broken branches and carrying them into the house, presumably to serve in lieu of coals when winter came on. Both of them were bent nearly double with old age and rheumatism. Occasionally, they would be seen sitting on a log-, very close to each other, with a little pile of stones before them, which they shied with weak and trembling hands at a rabbit or a bird, or at shadows which they mistook for living creatures. They never by any chance hit anything they aimed at, and they did not even succeed in frightening the birds or the rabbits, which darted hither and thither and hopped about quite near to them in the most unconcerned fashion. During the latter years of their tenancy one or other of the old people would sometimes be seen, when the weather was fine, creep ing out of Parksides and out of Bedding ton, starting early in the morning and returning Lite at night. On these occa sions it was observed that they carried a parcel, which, without further evidence, it was decided was something abstracted from the mansion, which they wore travelling to a distance to sell, in order to obtain food ; and it was also decided that they did not dispose of these articles in the immediate neighbourhood of Bed dington, lest they should be accused of theft. If this were really the case, the old couple might have dismissed their fears; the difficulty of finding a prosecutor would have been insurmountable; and, as to portable property of a sufficiently small size to be tied up in a pocketbaiid kerchief, there was little enough of that in the mansion. All that was valuable and of easy carriage had long since been seized and sold, lawfully or unlawfully. The ruin of Parksides was not a grand crash, in the thunder of which lightning flashes of old glories make themselves visible ; it was a long and mean decline, made up of piecemeal borrowings and bit by-bit sales ; of filchings and small robberies : a few feathers by this sharp rogue, a few feathers by that, from the plumage of the birds that were once thn pride of the country. There was cer tainly plenty of old furniture in the house, which had been allowed to remain, probably because it was heavy and cum bersome and falling to pieces — bedsteads, tables, chairs, benches, and sideboards, quaintly and curiously carved ; rish tapestries, too, mostly worn to shreds, and rotted by age and neglect, in which old stories had been woven by fair hands. They and the.gallant deeds they recorded were now on an equality ; ih'e reflected radiance of stately seasons oi1 honourable life and dignified labour was utterly and for ever dead, leaving no soul behind; thn story was told, and flush and silk were little better than du.sl. There were not any pictures in frames in the rooms; but there wore jianilinu.s on the wall-panels, so i'adc-d now and colourless that the learning of an anli quaiy were needed to describe them. Amidst these ancient surroundings Hie last of the caretakers, old Mr. and Mrs. Barley, moved and starved. One can imagine them creeping up the wide staircases, and tottering about the rooms, living ghosts, clinging to each other lor support (they were both past 70, and chronically weak from want of proper nourishment), wondering whether they had net reached the dead world upon the brink of which they stood. There came a hard winter, and a fall of snow which lasted intermittently, but pretty steadily, nevertheless, for a full fortnight. It was during this winter max an luciuem occurred in mo career of the last of the caretakers. Said a gossip to a kindred heart, trudging through the snow at least a hundred yards for the purpose — ' My man, coming home from work last night, passed the gates of ParksideB.' ' He does always, doesn't he ?' was the response, evinc ing in the querist'an ungracious spirit, for Gossip Number Two was aware that her neighbour had. not walked ankle deep in the coldest of carpets to impart this information. 'Yes; he does always, when he doesn't go another way.' 'What other way?' ' The way of the Hog in the Pound.' (For compr. - n - sion to uninformed minds, a public-house.) ' That's the way he likes best,' observed Gossip Number Two, still with the ungracious spirit upon her. ' You needn't boast,' said Gossip Number One ; 'your man leaves half his wages there.' ' Yes ; worse luck ! But what about Parksides f ' ' ' He saw a woman going in.' 'Old Mrs. Barley?' ' No ; a youngish woman, looking like a beggar, with a little boy holding on to her.' 'A tramp! The Barleys can't help her— can't p themselves.' ' She asked my man -whether that was Parksides and whether a married couple of the name of Barley lived there ' Lives there !' says my man to her. ' Starves there, would be nearer the truth.' The woman gave a sigh, and passed into the grounds.' ' Is that all?' asked Gossip Number Two, disappointed in a story so bare of interest. ' That's all,' replied Gossip Number One. 'Least- ways, it's all my man told me.' ' It ain't much.' ' No, it ain't. But,' added Gossip Number One, cheer fully illogical, her temperament being livelier than that of her neighbour, ' what can we expect in such weather Y Just look how the snow's coming down again .'' This shifting of responsibility from a colourless story to a remarkable storm — which, despite its inconveniences, was interesting, because it afforded a sound theme for conversa tion— somewhat mollified Gossip Number Two, who, ac companied by her visitor, stepped to the window to ga ze upon the whirling flakes. They were thick and hcav v : and a strong, uncertain wind was lashing them furiously about, this way and that, with a bewildering Jack of method which furnished an exception to the indisputable truth that order is nature's first law. The window thro u-h ?which the gossips were iooking was in the front room *of the cottage, and faced the narrow lane which led to the The Last of the Caretakeks. main road. Along this lane a woman was walking, with a little boy, scarcely three years of age, tugging at her gown. Presently they reached the cottage, where the woman paused to wipe the enow from her face and eyes. She was very poorly dressed, and belonged evidently to the lower orders. ' Is that her?' asked Gossip Number Two. ' It might be. She's got a little boy with her, and she looks like a beggar. Let's have her in.' Candour compels the admission that it was not an in stinct of hospitality or humanity that prompted the sugges tion. It was 6iniply curiosity to discover what connection existed between the poor woman and her child and old Mr. and Mrs. Barley. There was not much to learn. The last of the care takers were her parents. Having lost her husband, and being at her wits' end how to live, she had tramped a matter of 60 miles to Parksides, in the hope that her parents might be able to assist her. Her hope was shat tered the moment she saw them. So desperate were their circumstances that she would stop with them only one night ; and she was now on her way back to her native town, in which, at all events, she had a claim upon the poorhouse. She did not complain. She had been so used to poverty and hardships that she harboured them without a murmur ; but, she said, it was bitter weather, and she did not know how ever she would get home again. While she was telling her tale, sitting by the fireside — for the warmth of which she expressed herself humbly thankful — the little fellow in her lap fell asleep. ' What is his name ?' ' Tom— after his poor father,' said the woman. Gossip Number One looked at Gossip Number Two, who nodded, and, going to the cupboard, took therefrom a tea pot, a teacaddy, and a loaf of bread. A full kettle was steaming on the hob. As the woman raised her head her ' hostess saw tears glistening in her eyes. | ' There, there, my dear,' she said; 'we none of us I know what we may come to. A cup of rea '11 warm your ] inside. And, I declare, it's left off snowing again !' Half an hour afterwards the woman, having thanked her entertainers, resumed her journey, and the gossips stood on the doorstep and gazed at her vanishing form until a - turn in the narrow lime hid her from their sight. Com forting food and human sympathy had strengthened her, aud she was carrying her child, 'who, as his mother de clared, was almost ' dead with sleep.' Strange and subtle aro the invisible links which connect life with life, and already one was spiritually forged between the slumbering lad and men and women who will play their parts in this Btory of human love and paEsion, aud suffering and desire. In the ancient and decayed bouse yonder old Mr. and Mrs. Barley were talking in quavering tones of their Jane, who had paid them her last earthly visit. ' She'll marry again, mother, will our Jane,' piped the old man ; ' she was always a taking lass. It's only yes terday she was in pinafores.' For three years longer the Barleys remained tenants of Parksides. and then departed for another bourne. It was bruited about tbc neighbouihood that they had been found dead in the kitchen, clasped in each other's arms. So little had been seen of them during the last years of their tenancy that but small interest had been taken in them. They troubled nobody, and nobody troubled them. But, being dead, the case was different; popular fancy placed them on a pinnacle, and they became distinguished. ' So the Barleys have gone,' was said. 'Who'll be the next?' No records are to hand throwing light upon what was done with their bodies; among the uninformed the general belief was that they were not buried, but that they ' dis appeared.'' Of course, their spirits remained, to the com fort ef superstitious souls still in the flesh. There was a talk of ' ghosts,' and the ball being set rolling grew apace. The natural consequence was that Parksides ac quired the reputation of being a haunted house. The ghosts of the old people were seen by many persons of all ages — who were ready to testify to the same in the witness box— standing at the windows, or moving familiarly about the grounds, or seated on the roof-top ; always very lovingly arm-in-arm. Not in the memory of the oldest inhabitanthad such an enjoyable excitement been furnished, and the superstition caused Parksides to be avoided at nigbt-time. Those who were fearsomely courageous enough to make a special excursion to ' the ghosts' alww-s went in company and always came back with white faces and trembling limbs. Children would huddle together in a shrinking heap, standing so for a few minutes, and then, startled into active movement by a sudden cry from one among them, would scream, ' There they are'! Oh, oh ! They're coming after us!' and would scamper off as fast as their legs could carry them ; until, at a safe distance, they would pause, breathless, to compare notes. Here was a chance for the imagination, and it ran riot. No speculation was too extravagant. ' Did you see them ? I did ! What did they look like ? Like what they are, you dunce— ghosts ! Old Barley had a nightcap on. So had 6he. They were all in white. He was smoking a pipe. Did you see the fire coining out of his mouth ? He blew it at us. Yes, and when they saw wo didn't go away they got up, and grew and grew till they were higher than the trees. Johnny, come home with me to mother. She wouldn't believe* me when I told her. Oh, didn't the v look awful!' Uninteresting as old Mr. and Mrs. Barley had been during their lifetime, it cannot be denied that their ghosts supplied an entertainment better than any theatre. Chapter II.— MISER FAREBROTHER RECON NOITRES THE GROUND AND RECEIVES A SHOCK. The condition of affairs favoured Miser Farebrother when, in pursuance of a cunningly- formed plan, he took possession of the estate. Already he claimed to have a bold upon it, and who had a better right than he to live there rent-free ? There was a fascination in the prospect. To live rent-free ! To have a house and land ali one's own ! There would be a claim for Queen's taxes, perhaps, and rates. Well, he would pay a little— as little as pos sible. The Government receipts would, go a long way to strengthen his hold upon the property. The rent of his house in London was ruinous. In so many years he would be so much money in. pocket — a fortune. Then, he had heard and read, that if a man lived in a house for a certain time without paying rent, it became legally and lawfully his own, to sell or do what he iiked with. It was a bold step, but the prize was so valuable that he would risk it. He made two preliminary investigations of the property, and, as everything depended upon secrecy, these visits were paid in the night, when nobody was about. He knew nothing of the popular belief that the place was haunted. On the first of these visits he was undisturbed. He crept into the grounds within a few minutes of midnight, and made his way to a back door. It yielded to his touch. He lit a candle, which he had brought with him, and entered. All was still and lonely ; not a sound reached his ears ; there was not a crumb in the mansion upon which even a rat or a mouse could live. Stealthily and warily he made a tour of the rooms,6hading the light with his hand when he was near a window. There was small need for such a precaution, but he took it, nevertheless. ' Safe and sure,' he muttered. ' Safeand sure.' He was gratified, and amazed to discover so many pieces of old furniture in the house, and he made out a 'list upon paper of what it would be necessary to brine with him when he actually took possession. 'His desk, containing his private papers and account-books, in which were entered his precious transactions, a few pots and pans, and some sheets and blankets: Ihe personal clothing his wife would attend to. These things could be put into a ?cart, and a single horse would be sufficient to convey them from Lon don. He had ascertained the distance, between 15 and 1G miles. Ho and his wife and child could ride in the cart. So much saved. Determining to come again before the final step was taken, he left the house at 2 in the .morning as secretly and quietly as he entered it. His'second visit was paid in the course of the following week, at about the same hour of the night. He entered the house again without being disturbed, and, lighting his candle, made another tour of the rooms. He stood in one which had been a principal bedroom, and he resolved to turn it to the same use. On this occasion he made a more ' careful examination of the furniture, which, in consequence of the craze f«r die antique, he knew to be worth a great deal of money, and he was rubbing his hands with glee, having placed the candle on a table, and was thinking, 'All mine ! all mine ! ' when a sound from the bedstead almost drove the blood from bis heart. It was a sound of soft breathing. He stood for a few minutes transfixed ; his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth: his feet seemed fastened to the floor. The sound of soft regular breathing continued, and presently, as nothing more alarming occurred, he began to recover himself. His feet became loosened, his limbs re gained their power of action. Noiselessly he took from his pocket two articles— one a revolver, which he always carried about him; the other a bottle of water. He moistened his throat, and returned the bottle to his pocket; and then, holding the pistol, without any distinct idea of the use he might put it to, he tremblingly approached the bed. There, fully dressed, lay a lad some 13 or 14 years of age. A common-looking lad, commonly dressed, sleeping very peacefully and calmly. Miser Farebrother, seeing before him an enemy whom he could easily overcome, 6hook the hid roughly, and cried : '' Now, then! What are you doing here ?' The lad jumped up, and slid from the bed to the floor. ' Do you bear me?' cried Miser Farebrother. '' What are you doing here, you vagabond?' That the lad was terribly frightened was clear by his actions ; he shrank back and cowered at the sight of the pistol, but he managed to blurt out— ' I ain't doing no harm, your honor ! I'm only having a sleep.' 'How dare you sleep here?' demanded Miser Fare brother, in a tone of authority. ' You have come to commit a robbery — to rob me ! I'll put vou in gaol for it.' I 'Don't, your honor! don't!' pleaded the lad, etill I cowering and shrinking. ' I ain't done a morsel of harm — upon my soul I ain't ! I didn't come here to still nothink ! — upon my soul I didn't.' Miser Farebrother put the pistol into his pocket, and the lad began to whimper. ' Do you know 1 could take your life, could lawfully take jit,' said Miser Farebrother, ' for breakimr iuto my house as you have done, and sleeping upon my bed ?' 'Yes, your honor; but piease don't! I didn't break into the house. The door was open.' ' Stop that crying.' ' Yes, vour honor.' And the lad, in default of a hand kerchief, dug his knuckles into his eyes. A lad of resource and some decision of character ; ho cried no more. This fact was not lost upon Miser Farebrother. ' You did not break into the house, you say?' ' No, your honor; upon my soul I didn't !' ' And you found the door open ?' ' Yes, your honor.' 'Which door?' ' The kitchen door, your honor.' ' How long have you been here V' 'Three days, your honor.' This piece of information rather confounded Miser Fare ? brother, who, himself an interloper, was feeling his way ; but he was politic enough not to betray himself. ' Three days, eh — and not yet caught ?' ' Nobody wants to catch me, your honor.' ' Not your father aud mother?' ' Ain't got none, your hono.r' ' Somebody else, then, in their place?' ' There ain't nobody in their place. There ain't a soul that's got a call to lay a hand upon me.' ' Except I.' ' Ye6, your honor,' said the lad, humbly ; ' but I didn't know.' His complete subservience and humbleness had an effect upon Miser Farebrother. He judged others by himfelf— a common enough standard among mortals — and' he was not tho man to trust to mere words ; but there was a semblance of truth in the manner of the lad which staggered him. In all England it would have been difficult to find a man less given to sentiment and less likely to be led by it, but the lad's conspicuous helplessness, and his ingenuous blue eyes— which, now that the pistol was put away, looked frankly at the miser — no less than his own scheme of taking possession of Parksides by stealth and in secrecy, were elements in favour of this lad, so strangely found in so strange a situation. A claim upon Parksides Miser Farebrother undoubtedly possessed ; he held papers in the shape of liens upon complicated mortgages, which he had purchased for a song ; but he had something more than a latent suspicion that the law's final verdict was necessary to establish the validity and exact value of his claim. This he had not sought to obtain, knowing that it would have led him into ruinous expense and probable failure. These cir cumstances were the breeders of an uneasy consciousness that he and the lad, in their right to occupy Parksides, were somewhat upon an equality. Hence, it was necessary to be cautious, and to feel his way, as it were. ' Where are your people ?' he asked. The lad stared at him. ' My people !' 'Your people,' repeated Miser Farebrother. ' Where you live, you know.' ,£.' Ain't got no people,' said the lad. 'Don't live no where.' 'Listen to me, you young scoundrel,*' said Miser Fare brother, shaking a menacing forefinger at him; 'if you're trying to impose upon me by a parcel of lies, you'll find yourself in the wrong box. As sure as I'm the master of this house, I'll have you locked up and fed upon stones and water for the rest of your life. ' 1 ain't trying to impose upon you,' persisted the lad, speaking very earnestly ; ' I ain't telling you a parcel of lies. Look here, your honor; have you got a book ?' 'What book?' 'I don't care what book— any book. Give it me, and I'll lass it, and swear on it that I've told you the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' ' You'll have to tell something more of yourself before I've done with you. Where did you live before you lived nowhere.' ' Hailsham, your honor.' 'Where's that?' 'Don't know, your honor.' ' How far from here ? ' 'Six days, your honor.' ' None of your nonsense. How far ?' ' Couldn't tell to a yard if you was to skin me alive. It took me six days to git here.' 'You walked ?' ' Yes, your honor, every step of the way.' ' Who did vou live with at Hailsham ?' 'Mother.'' 'You said you had none.' ' More I have. She's dead.' ' Father, too?' ' Yes ; ever so long ago.' ' What brought you here ? ' ' My legs.' Miser Farebrother restrained his anger, tor which there was no sound reason, the lad's manner being perfectly respectful. ' What did you come here for?' ' To see grandfather. I heard mother talk of him and grandmother ever so many times, and that they lived down here ; so when she was buried I thought I might do worse than come and see 'em.' ' Have you seen them V' ' No, your honor ; they're dead too.' The lad added, mournfully — ' Everybody's dead, I think.' 4 'They lived down here, you say ?* 'Yes, 'most all their lives; in this fine house. They was taking care of it for the master.' Some understanding of the situation dawned upon Miser Farebrother, and a dim idea that it might be turned to his U6e and profit. ' What was their name ? ' 'Barley, your honor. That's my name, Tom Barley; and if you'd give me a job I'd be everlasting^ thankful.*' Miser Farebrother, Jwith his eyes fixed upon die lad's face, into which, in the remote prospect of a job, a wistful expression had stolen, considered for a few moments. Here was a lad who knew nobody in the neighbourhood and whom nobody knew, and who recognised in him the master of Parksides. In a few days he intended to enter into occupation, and he had decided not to bring a servant with him. Tom Barley would be useful, and was, indeed, just the kind of person he would have chosen to serve him in a rough way— a 6tranger, whose only knowledge of him was that he was the owner of Parksides; and no fear of blabbing, having nothing to blab about. He made up hie mind. He took a little book from his pocket, the printed text of which was the calculation of interest upon ±10 and upwards for a day, for a month.Jfor a year, at fr«m five to 50 per cent, per annum. ' Take this book in your^hand and swear upon it that you have told me the truth.' Tom Barley kissed the interest-book solemnly, and duly registered die oath. ?? If I take you into my service,' said Miser Farebrother, ' will you serve me faithfully ?' A sudden light of joy shone in Tom Barley's eyes. '? Give me the book again, your honor, and I'll take my oath on it.' ' No,' said Miser Farebrother. As a matter of fact he had been glad to get the book back in his possession, not knowing yet whether Tom Barley could read, and being fearful that he might open it and discover its nature ; ' I'll be satisfied with your promise. But you can't sleep in the house, you know.' ' There's places outside, your honor ; there's one where the horse was. That'll be good enough for me.' ?l Quite good enough. How much money have you got ?' ' I had a penny when I reached here, your honor: but it's gone. I spent it in bread.' ?'Is that all you have had to eat ?' ' No, your honor, I killed a rabbit.' ' Very well. I take you into my service, Tom Barley. Two-pence a week, and you sleep outside. When you're a man I'll make your fortune if you do as you're told. What's to-day ?'*' ' Monday, your honor,' said Tom Barley, now com pletely happy. ' Thechurch bells was ringing yesterday.' 'On Thursday night,' said Miser Farebrother, 'at between 12 and lfo'clock, I shall be here with a cart. There will be a lady in it beside me, and— and— a child. You understand?' ' Yes, your honor, I'm awake.' ' Be awake then, wide awake, or you will get into trouble. I shall want you to help to get some things out of the cart. There will be a moon, and you will be able to see me drive up. Look out for me. Here's a penny on account of your first week's wages. You can buy some more bread with it, and if you like you can kill another rabbit. Was it good?' '?Prime, your honor.' ' It ought to be. It was my rabbit, you know, Tom Barley, and you'll kill no more than one between now and Thursday. The skins are worth money, and many a man's been hanged for sUalinsr them. You'll not forget '(— Thurs- day ni^lit between 12 and 1.' No fear of my forgetting, your honor,' said Tom Barley, ducking his head in obeisance : ' I shall be here, wide awake, waiting for you.' Miser Farebrother saw Tom Barley out of the house, and walked away through the shadows, rubbing his hands in satisfaction at having done a good night's work. (To bt continued.) 