The Advertiser FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1887. The vital statistics of the colony for the first quarter of the present year are pub- <*> lished in this week's Government Gazette. The births for the three months num- bered 2,608, and the deaths 1,162, the i natural increase therefore being 1,446. Compared with the corresponding quarter of the previous year the births show a falling off of 188, which is a little less than the average quarterly decrease last year. The annual birth-rate for the quarter per thousand of tiie population was 33-92, against 33 32 for 1886. The death return is very satisfactory, there having been no less than 206 fewer deaths than in the March quarter of 1886, and with the exception of 1885 no year since 1881 has ahown a better re cord for the first three months. The annual death-rate for the quarter was 15-08 against 1776 and 13*8 for the corresponding periods of 1886 and 188S respectively. The deaths in the district of Adelaide numbered 314 —an Improve; ment of 77 over the total in the March quarter of last year. Compared with tiie same period Hindmarsh had 31 deaths for 60, Port Adelaide 84 for 87, and Norwood 115 for 138. The deaths in the city numbered 206, being lower than in any corresponding period sinoe 1882. The percentage of deaths of infants under one year of age to the total number was 36*1 against 41-3 in tiie March quarter of 1686, and tiie percentage of deaths of audi infants to births was 16*1. The general decrease in the mortality ia accounted for chiefly by a decrease in 15 deaths fram phthisis, 38 from violence, 40 from ?fll defined causes," and 106 from local dis eases. It has been our custom in directing attention to the vital statistics to refer to the birth and death rates of Adelaide and suburbs for purposes of comparison with those of other Australian cities, but during the last two years the data upon which the official returns aro baaed have been so inaccurate as to render the rates given incorrect to no lean an extent than 25 per cent. People were almost startled by the sudden way in which the birth-rate of tiie city and auburbs went down, while neither the marriages nor the population faad abnormally decreased, and they were equally aurprieed that in twelve months these places shonld have become extraor dinarily healthy without any assigned cause. When about a month ago the lart annual report of the Registrar- General araa issued, we pointed oat where the blander lay, and showed that the official birth and death rates of Adelaide and suburbs were very much below the actual rates. We also indicated that various figures in the re port obviously contradicted each other. In his report for the March quarter Dr. Whittell attempts to explain the discre pancy by stating that the department has been in the habit of publishing its figures upon two different population bases, " giving some portions of Uie returns as calculated on numbers in the last census, and other portions as calculated on an estimate of the present population." We have' hitherto understood that all estimates of population were based upon the last census returns. However, taking Dr. Whittell at hia word, the ex planation ia not all satisfactory. In bi annual report the death figures for Ade laid6and suburbs given separately were stated to have been based upon the last census, while the collective rate — Uie official rate which was compared with that of previous years—was based upon the ''estimated population." Upon the latter the official birth-rate was also based, but it did not agree at all with the figares given separately, to which no note as to the way in which they were estimated was attached. Now, it was the official tabulated birth and death rates which were "all wrong, and ao obviously wrong that the errors should have teen at once noticed. By stating that the figures were based I upon certain data does not remove, the errors, and lt was with the object of having the mistakes recti fied that we called attention to them. But not only do the inaccurate figures remain uncorrected, bat the Registrar- General in the quarterly report states in effect that it is his intention to apparently perpetuate the blunders, inasmuch as he saya that " in future all ratios will be cal culated on the basis of estimated popula tion." Now, in regard to Adelaide and suburbs it has been shown that while the population based upon the census re turns gave correct, or approximately correct rates, the " estimated popu lation" of the registrar threw them all out. If therefore the other districts of 1 the colony are to have this "estimated population" applied to them it would not be unreasonable -to look for errors all round. But in reality auch errors would probably not be found, because as a matter of fact the mistakes ot tbe registrar are not doe to the adqption of cither of the bases of population he refers to, but are, no doubt, owing, aa we atated when we reviewed the snnual.report, to the areas taken for the city and suburbs separately being dif ferent from those (ned when the deaths are taken collectively. The registrar himself unintentionally proves that the discrepancies were not caused as he states in the quarterly rep-nt; for the difference between the " estimated popu lation" of the city and suburbs therein given, and the population based apon the censes, asreoarded in the annual report, is such aa to make a difference of j less' than one per thousand in the death-1 rate, while the actual error Inthe annual return was more than six per thousand, for the reoord showed 14*31 instead of about 21. It is to be hoped that the mistakes will be corrected as soon as pos sible, for some of them have already found their way into statistical reports of other oountries. ' Not long ago the New South Wales Government advertised for tenders in England, Europe, America, and New South Wales, for 40 locomotive engines, but at about the time these tenders had to 4 be sent in a resolution was paased in Parliament that 25 passenger and 25 goods engines ahould be manufactured in the colony, and the Government have now called for tenders accordingly- This is a confession to protectionist principles which oould soaroeiy have been expected from what is called by some a free-trade Parliament. However, the necessity for finding employment for the people is ao great in the sister oolony that prudence got the tietter of even the uncompromis ing free-trade theory of buying in the cheapest market, and local manufacturers are to be given a chance of producing no less than 50 locomotive engines. In Victoria they have been ""-^irg locomotive engines for many yeara past Indeed, the whole of the Government require ments in this direction are provided in that colony. At first it was found that the cost of construction was upwards of 40 per cent, in excess of the cost of im porting, but after a while practioe brought experience, and the cost is now only about 26 per oent greater than the cost of-the imported article. If these things can be done in Victoria, and are to be done in New South Wales, why oan they not be attempted in South Australia? The conditions are just as favorable in the one colony as in the other. If New South Wales has idle mechanics, so have we; if she possesses enterprising engineering firms, so do we; and if there is powerful machinery in the workshops in Sydney, so there is in those of Adelaide. At present South Australia's idea of en couraging local industries lies more in the direction of getting engines from Victoria lather than in copying her example and making [them in local workshops. If w<_ import from Melbourne a wooden house, why not a locomotive ? The one would be no more foolish thau the other. One of the duties of the Stores Commission, ap* pointed at the instance of the late member for Start (Blr. Glyde), was to enquire into the feasibleness or other wise of constructing locomotive engines in the colony. This portion of the enquiry of that commission will be of additional interest on account of the action of the New South Wales Government The labor Is audh an important part of the coat of a locomotive (nearly 50 per oent) that Itis just one of those industries arhich ought to beenoouraged and established amongst as if possible. We learn on good authority that provided ten engines were made here every year it wouid afford constant employment to about 270 workmen, or calculating those who would in turn be dependent upon and getting their living out of these workmen, it may fairly be assumed that fully a thousand men, women, and children would be able to subsist on the wages which the 270 men would receive. If the work could be carried ont as cheaply here as it is in Victoria, and after a while this could be done, the loss to the colony would be cay 25 per cent, on the coat of each engine, whioh would mean say £750 each more than tt would coat to import, or £7,500 a year. This, it may be argued. is a very considerable sum to pay for the purpose of keeping 270 men in employment, and affording a thousand people the means of livelihood. But free trade Hew Sonth Wales thinks the game is worth the candle, and after all it wonld only be a kind of bonus, which would decrease ss experience enabled the manu facturer to work more cheaply. Probably as many as ten new locomotives a year would not be required on the South Australian railways just now, but as our lines extend and the present stock gets old and obsolete we shall always be re quiring new ones. Would it not be worth the while of the Government to order the manufacture of one or two engines in the Government workshops as an experiment 't It wonld give employment to many deserving men through what is bound to bea dull winter, and the experience gained, even at some extra cost, would be useful. But our Government officials appear to prefer to get everything from England, or from Victoria, or from anywhere out of the colony; and they are, it is too evident, the power behind the throne that is greater than the throne itself. Minis tries come and Ministries go, but they go on for ever—go on for ever in the old bad groove, in the old beaten track that leads straight into the pocket of the Biitish manufacturer. The Bey. A. Honner, at the meeting last night, may be credited with having moved one of the longest resolutions on record. It is far too long to repeat bere, and it is not at all surprising that his Worship the Mayor, who acted as chairman, begged the meeting to refrain from asking him to read it more than once. Mr. Cotton, in fearlessly seconding Mr. Honner's motion, showed Uiat an ex-member of Parliament could see nothing extraordinary about it, and in thus becoming a partner inthe undertaking certainly deserves to share tbe honora. Unfortunately, the intrinsic merit of the resolution was not in propor tion to its length, and when the mover very wisely decided to aak permission to withdraw it, the meeting readily assented. The laudable object Mr. Honner had in view in inviting " Christian and philan thropic gentiemen" to meet in the Ex change-room, Town Hall, on Thursday evening, was to consider "a scheme for introducing population to the colony and providing them with a small township allotment combined with a suburban block for cultivation purposes in suitable parts of the colony, ao as to mutually benefit South Australia and the mother country." His elaboration of a scheme wsb hardly what might have been ex pected, and aome of his proposals were as ill-digested as his figures were inaccurate. As an excuse for figures which the Rev. Mr. Cox pointed out were a long way wide of the facts, Mr. Honner pleaded that he thought he had " found them in a book." But his own common sense should have told him that whtther Moses led 600,000 enslaved subjects out of Egypt or a less number, it is absurd to suppose tbat the population of England doubles itself every ten years. Mr. Honner's intention was good, and as a result of the action he has taken a com mittee has been formed to consider the whole question of seeing what can be done to increase settlement on the land. Wliat is required is that immigrants who come here ahould not oome to compete with tiie unemployed in searching tor work, but should bring with them sufficient capital to enable them to aid in the development pf onr resources. Engiand possesses an enormous amountof unngHoductivecapital and an excess of population. South Aus tzalia has millions of unoccupied acres, and suffers from a deficiency of capitaL It is therefore apparent thit if we can meet the English requirement by advan tageously absorbing her surplus people and caah we ought in our own interests to make every effort to do so. We possess not only a large area of unalienated land which might be offered for settlement, but there are huge estates in the hands of comparatively few persons which might beneficially be cut np into small blocks. Aa a colony we have never made any well organised attempt "to attract the small capitalists of England, and in consequence the stream of auch immigration is flowing in other directions. The committee which was appointed last night will not, it is to be hoped, prove to be prejudiced in favor of aome Utopian scheme. Mr. Honner was somewhat impracticable, but of courae thoee memben of the committee who found fault with hia proposals on that ground will notlay themselves open to a similar charge. They have now tbe opportunity of dis tinguishing themselves, and of propound ing a scheme whidi will commend itself not only in this colony but in England. And when tliis ia done Mr. Honner will be deserving of tiie hearty thanks of the people of Sonth Australia for his disinte rested action in the matter. Ock readers will be greatly shocked at the news we publish this morning of a most appalling disaster which haa oc curred off the coast of North-West Aus tralia. A fleet of pearl fishing boats numbering about .fifty appear to have been calmly anchored off an ordi narily aafe beach when a hurri cane, supposed to be one of those terrible squalls known as ?? wiliy-willys " struck them The result is shortly described in onr telegrams. Some of the boats were swamped at once, many others were dismasted and driven out to sea, while a few succeeded in gaining shelter, though in a half wrecked condition; and out of a total of about 550 persons engaged on the boats the lives of no less than 450 are aaid to have been lost. &o; catastrophe so fatal bas occurred any where fcr a long period, and it ia the most awful that Australia has ex perienced. It may turn out that the disaster ia not ao serious as supposed at Perth, as more of the boats which have drifted out to sea may be picked up ; bit this is hardly likely to be the case, as peari-fishiDg boats when disabled in any way are not such as woald stand well in the open sea. As yet we know little or nothing of those who have been lost, exoept that the boat owners belonged to Perth, and most of the crews were natives. The latter were no doubt nearly all Australians, for the engagement of Malays in the pearl fishing industry wu given np some time ago on the ground of expense. It is hardly necessary to allude to the loss of the boats except to say that the fleet was the pearl fishing fleet of West Australia, and that the industry has been virtually de stroyed by the disaster. The Commissioner of Crown Landa (Son. J. _______ Howe) informs us that numerous applica tions have been received for the grazing and coltiratian hl -*-** abortly to tie offered, and he believes tfaat the new departure will prove ai Eat imnnrnn The size of the blocks which vefaeen advertised ranges from 4,000 acres to 80,000 acres, the rental being fixed at from Jd. to 2d. per acre. Thevars situated in the outlying hundreds. When these faave been dispoeed of blocks will be offered in the land comprised in the schedule, and there are from 6.000,000 to 7,000,000 acres of country available for this purpose. The Agricultural Board will deal with the applications, and as residence on the land for six months of the year is incum bent upon the lessee, Mr. Howe, expects con siderable eetttement to result. One farmer who was going to Victoria informed the C.m miiarioner that seeing the advertisement he had been indnoed to delay his exodus in order to ccc tha country offered. Weunderatand tiiat Lord and L?dy Btaasey will shortly arrive in Adelaide on a visit to his Excellency the Governor. Tae Sunbeam lift Burtnah about March 22 for Singapore and the north ooast of Borneo, whence ehe would proceed to Fremantle, Adelaide, and Melbourne. ? It will be eeen by our Sydney telegrams that according to acabUgram received by his Emi nence Cardinal Moran, the Eight Bey. Dr Bejnolda (Roman Catholic Biahop of Ade laide) has been created an archbishop. We are ture tbat we shall only be expressing tha foal ing- of Bouth Australians generally when we congratulate Dr. Reynolds oa the high honor which has been conferred npon him. A terrible shipping disaster has taken place on the coast of north-weal Australia. It ap pears that a peariicg fleet which had anchored at the Ninety-Mile Beach, above the DeGrey Eiver, on Friday last was struck by a hurri cane, supposed to be a " willy willy," soma of the brats being dismasted, others driven oat to sea, and others again immediately a wamped. Some of the pearlers have been rescued, bot it is feared that 450 bave been lost. Baata have gone ont from Cossack to search for the dis masted vessels, and the eteamer Aurtraiindhaa been engaged by the West Australian Ga vermnent to assist in tbe search. Tne hurri cane lasted 12 hours, and blew from the east and m.tth east. Mr. Turnbull, tie secretary to the Adelaide Steamship Company, tele graphed ua on Thursday night as foilaws:— ?" Onr agent ivirea from Cossack —* Pearling fleet almost totally destroyed. Forty b-ats pone. Terrible loss of li?e'" Tae De- Grey River is abont L3EO miles north of Perth, tbe nearest towns betnj Koebnrn and Cossack, 1&0 miles nearer the capitaL Tiie majority oftbeinhabitantsofthesetwop'asee ace peail fi.heis Severe hurricane.are experienced all along tbe cosst yearly, and in May. 1882, Cossack and Roebnrn were almost levelled to Ihe ground by the force of the wind. Both Europeans and Chinese fish for the pearl shell, the aborigines being used principally m divers, and some fishing-boats carry as many as SO natives. Mr. J. W. Jones (Conservator of Water) ta about to proceed, on behalf of the Govemn_ent, to value the improvements on the Inn ma falling in in 1888. Tbe principal improve ments comprise dams, wells, and appliances for lifting water, and therefore Mr. Jones's knowledge of tbe work? will be valuable. Tha pastoral leeeees have the right to nominate a collesgue to act with the Conservator; aod these two may appoint aa umpire. Mr. Jonas will also take advantage of the opportunity to visit all the water conservation operations under his control in different parts of tha _olony. Tbe quantity of Teetulpa gold purchased by the Englith and Scottish Bank np to April 25 is estimated at 10,978 oz., for which £3174. per oz., or a total of £42,265 was paid. _ Mr. A. yon Doussa has, we understand, de cidtd to carry on his appeal against the de lation of the court kt Woodside in connection Kith the totalizator case. The appeal will be taken to the Local Court at Adelaide, and will probably be heard within the next weak or ao. Secretaries of city, suburban, and country institutes and affiliated societies desirous of rtceiving their apportionment of the vote on tbe Estimates for the year ending Jnne SO, 18_7, must send in applications on printed forms, which will be provided, to tbe general director and secretary of the Pablic Library, MuKnm and Art Gallery, before May 3, rendering alao all necessary statistical retains, ard givirg the information required in ths third and fourth schedules of the Pablic Library, Museum and Art Gallery Act, 183*3-4. By the Luritania there arrived in tiie colony fonr young priests from Earope—the Revs. J. * Bjrne, T. Doheny, P. Hurley, and W.A. McEvoy, who were presented to his lordship oin ' Thursday morning. Ithas not yet been deaded in wfaat spheres of worktherev.gentlemsn witl be engaged, and it is probable that they will minister in and around AHciiuflg for come time to come. Onr Cradock correspondent, writing on April 27, tells the fallowing strange story :— Great excitement prevails here, as well as at . Garrieton and other places abont, on accmrat of a sensational ghost story thst has been going the ronnda for some time. * On Monday night Trooper Mitchell and two residents of tbis place drove down to see or hear for themselves, and the foUowing is their account of tha ghostly visitant.—Tbe scene of the wauds. ings of the spirit is the Bobkunda Greets about 17 miles from here, and it appear* to confine itself to the nottage of a Mr. Hamdod, ' situated on the bank of the creek, about _s) yards from a large waterhole. Mr. fiamdocf and his famDy were away in Qaoca, having taken there a child of about 7 yean of age, for whom the spirit seems to have had a par tiality. There were two boys of about 9 and 13 years of age stopping indie hut, and tbey seemed to take not the least notice of tiie dis turbance. About 9 pjm., all being quiet, the light was extinguished, and aD ante tm tin qnivive. In a few minutes a great noiae sraa heard as of some one splashing in water or walking in water. Immediately a knocking commenced at tbe north-tad ena of the bnt. Two of the party went -outride and beard tbe knocking ?as though inside, tat ould see nothing although they walked round the hut. Afterwards Trooper Mitchell went outside and heard the knocking just aa the others bad done. They thereupon asked question * and reserved replies by knocks, two fc-wK-k^ bring regarded as signifying "Ko" and three knocks ??yes." The information obtained that way wastoti_e f fleet that the nocturnal visitor was dead, aad bad been buried 5 feet nnder tbe groand at tbe north-east corner of the hut. Mr. tfmmArmf t it appears, elicited the Same information, and dug a hole 6 feet deep at the place mentioned bnt found nothing. The knocks an of tenth the same character as those given by aay ordi nary person knocking at a door, but oo being told to knock hard the -"spirit" makes every thing in the place rattle. The cottage is built of upright pines with pug between. In about an boor the knocking coised. - and the investigators tuned in, but aot to sleep—that bring ont of the question. ' About 2 am. the ghost returned and started knocking again. Mr, Mifa.li.-_il went out aad walked round the hut, but oould see nothing although the noise was kept np. This haa bssn going on for tfae last six weeks; and Mr. Ham oorf has decided to abandon the place. Many residents of Can ieton have visited the place and have heard the same noises. Two or three shots have been fired in the directum of the sound, but nothing came of thara. A party of six were there the sight before. Then is to be a large party from here next Sunday night to visit tfaa plaoe. It may be mentioned that a shepherd .was drowted in the waterhole come years ago. Whatever the cause of the disturbance is , Tiooper*Mitchell is convinced that it is soms*-"' thing very unnatural, aad he is a man whose' word is to be relied on. He intends to revisit tbe place next Sunday night and have another talk with tbe invisible being in order to try and fathom the mystery. The ghost; on being asked the distance from the hut to Cradock, knocked 17 times tm the wall. Tha exact dis tance is 17 miles. Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick (chairman of tiie Eight Hours Union) returned to Adelaide from. Melbourne by the steamer Victorian on Thurs day. Mr. Ku-Epitrick, with Mr. Pudney, the treasurer of the union, represented South Ans tralia at the celebration of the eight hoars movement which recently took place in Mel bourne, it having been tiie desire of the dif ferent trade organisations of the sister colony engaged therein that there should be repre sentatives from all the colonies present on the occasion. Mr. Kirkpatrick speaks in terms of ?a aim commendation of the tiw-*1 ia whidi the whole affair was carried out, and it is said to have been the largest gathering of the kind ever known in Melbourne. There were n large number of new banners, and some of tLezn were really magnificent A banquet washeld by the pioneers of tbe eight houtemove ment in \\_ctona, at which nearly the whole of the pioneers now living were present. Messrs, Kirkpatrick and Pudney attended by invita tion, and the former gentleman, speaking of the celebration as a whole, says that he has picked up some wrinkles which, if they ooald be introduced here; wonld undoubtedly make the gathering held in Adelaide on September 1 a ereater success. One thing which is alloared m Victoria te forbidden by law here; and tint is the holding of a lottery. The first prize in Mdboarne was valued at £100; and everybody bujing a ticket for admission to the grounds had a chance in the lottery. Still, although this oould hardly be made a feature of any programme in Adelaide; Mr. Kirkpatrick will doubtless, in his capacity as chairman of the Eight Houn Union, have noma valuable recommendations to make to the members of hia oommittee when next they meet. Great interest waa manifested in the sister colony with regaid to matters political in South Australia, and Mr. Kirkpatrick was clote'y questioned as to whether protection was likely to be adopted here. There is no doubt, he says, that in Victoria the people have thoroughly satisfied themselves aa tothe wisdom of adopting a policy of protection, and they apparently think that ahonld Sonth Aus tralia go and do likewise it will be the best thing that can happen for us. Payment of members is a plank in the political programme wbich is stronely insisted npon. There is a large amount of business being done in Mel bourne, but there is plenty of poverty as sreiL Large works are being carried out wfaieh it is claimed would be sufficient to employ all the labor of the colony, but there is suohagmat influx of labor from Hew Zealand, Queensland, Kew Sonth Wales, and South Australia, tiiat complaints axe being made, and the strain on tbe sources of employment is becoming aim—t insupportable. Mr. Kirkpatrick fears that land speculation, which in so large a degree contributed to our depression, will also operate in Victoria, and fae strongly advised faia friends tfaere to sell everyJnoh of land they had. A laige number of Victorians have announoed their intention to visit Adelaide during tha Exhibition, especially now that it has bean arranged to run excursion trains at cheap rates. Many will be only too glad to spend a holiday in Adelaide, and the greatest interest is being ebowfa in the Exhibition. Blr. Kirkpatrick was very pleased with all that he aaw tn Mel bourne, and though admitting the superiority of the sister city in many respects, he waa eiabled at ail events to claim for Adelaida that ita ayatem of drainage ia immeasurably superior to that of Melbourne. A telegram haa been reodved by Measn. E. Laughton 4. Co, .from Mr. G. It. Debney, advis ing a faU of lfi indue of nun on March 7 and 8 at Honiara atation, and stating that the Dia mentina Biver was m high flood. The Port Addaide Corporation haa dedded to take steps towarda getting Birkenhead, which extends almost from the GlanvUle rail way-station to the Largs Fort, proclaimed a manufacturing district. During the quarter ended March 31,14,847 cheep, 1,804 cattle, and 70 horses were im ported overland into South Australia from Kew South Wales, Queensland, and Victoria; while 26,969 sheep, 1,567 cattle, and 481 horses were exported overland to those oolonies. Mr. Turnbull, tiie secretary to the Adelaide Steamship Company, telegraphed us on Thurs day night as follows: —"Our agent wires from Cusack —'Pearling fleet almost totally de stroyed. Forty boats gone. Terrible losb of life.'" Further particulars of the disaster are given in our telegraphic columns. Two women connected with the Salvation Army oondncted a servioe near the York Hotel on Thursday evening. They were surrounded by a very large crowd, composed in the main ot the larrikin dement, who jostled them about in a mort unceremonious fashion. The women declined to stop the service, and thdr names were taken by the police. A meeting of the Port Addaide Poultry Sodety waa held at the Port Arimir^i Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening, Mtr. E. Formby presiding over a fair attendanoe. Offers were reodved for the supply of a large number of ooope,*aad a modd of a coop waa extubiteO, bot no action. waa dedded upon. ' There appean to.be every prospect of a suc cessful show bdng hdd. Hews has been received by She telegraph authoritieethat tiie Central Poet and Telegraph Offices at Wellington were entirely consumed by fire early on u&uraday; morning. Delay wiU consequently be experienced inthe transmission of traffic messages, &c;, in tiie North Idand. The information came tfarongh by way of Wakapnaka. whidi ia the termination on Sonth Island of the cable route. It haa been discovered that since the " falls" were taken away from the bed of tiie Yarra the tide comes further up tbe river, and tiie conse quence is titat the water pumped on tothe Hd bourne Botanic Gardens is briny. Mr. Guil foyle complains (says the Daily Telegraph) of the danger to the beautiful plants under his care, and tiie agricultural chemist (Mr. Pearson) has been asked to report npon tiie subject. The Military Staff Offioe notify for the infor mation of the members ofthe Volunteer Force tint the rehearsal for tiie review on May 24 wfll take place on Saturday, May 14, at 4p.m., oa the Montefiore parade grounds. Blank ammunition wfll be issued at the rate of 10 rounds per man at tbe Staff Office. The drees wfll be aa follows:—For May 14—Undress and cape, with one pondi to be worn on right dde ; for May 24—FuHdress with helmets, if in pos session ; if not, in undress with helmets, one pouch on right tide. The following quarantine grounds have been abolished .—Ko. 17. The whole of section 233^ in the hundred of Gregory, in the occupation of Mr. J. B. Stevens. Iso. 21. The whole of sections 122, and 123, in the hundred of WUlochza, in lhe occupation of Mr. John Coad. No. 27. The whole of suburban allotment SSL in tiie townehip of Wilmington, iv tbe hundred ot Wi-lochim. No. 29. Tin whole of section 171, in the hundred of Willochra, in the occu pation of Mr. J, Forrest. The Goralbigpie sheep station, in tire Gawler Eacgee, eonteaing an area of 1,327 square miles, was offend fra aale by auction by Elder'a Wool and Produce Company on Thurs day morning. The run was offered at a price per head for 38,000 sheep, the stock, plant, Ac, valued by tbe proprieties at £1,567 10s., the leasee and tiwimpruveuientabdnggwenin. The station waa aold to Mr. George Wills st the ra£e of 16a. 3d, per bead for the nnmber of sheep mentioned, making a total of £30,875. The dredge Torrens, which reoentiy left here fbr Melbourne, ia at preaent undergoing various alterationa and additions at tfae Sonth wharf, Melbourne, to prepare her for work in aad about Hob_on's Bay and the river. Although not *ao large aa aome of the vessels the trust haa in use, tin wfll (saya the Melbourne Daily TdegriphJ be especially t__dul in edepmr.fi away the *""_*. wfaich sut np against tfae wharf aad pier aides, her peculiar consb i iction enabling her to get into eonia? the more cumbrous dredges cannot reach. It is expected ahe wiU be quite ready far nse by next week. A meeting of the Glen Osmond Company of the Volunteer Faroe was held ia tfae Institute HaU, Glea Osmond, on Wednesday, when the following questions were diaensaed s— la a change of uniform desirable; if so, wbat color should be adopted? Considerable discussion took plaoe, after which it was unanimously decided tiiat a change was desirable, and that blue with scarlet facings should be adopted. Captain Hampeon, Ser geant Wiles, and Private Howard were ap pointed to attend tiie dd- Kates'meetiag to be called by lieatenant-Colond Lovdy at an early date. A correspondent writing from the Forest Bange diggings on April 28 says:—There has beensame-tttieexateme-therethiaweek. On Tuesday Mx. Beat found a 8-or. nugget, but tins was edmtfd on Wednesday by the finding of a beautiful nugget of exactly 5 oz., by Mr. Green. The washdirt ia averaging wdl all round. The nnmber on the digging* ia aa formerly, from 500 to 600. The rain ia inter feang very slightly with the working. It ia roughly estimated tfaat the quantity of gold bought by tbe Tmbfdhd Bank manager an Satarday last exceeded in valne £300, but that can in no way be considered anything like tfae quantity found, as tfae men usually prefer taking tfaeir gdd to town to show to their friends. The weather ia fine, and rather warm. A meeting of tbe South Australian Coaatiag Seamen'a Union waa held ia tfae Port Addaide Working lien's Association HaU on Thursday evening. Mr. McGiUivray mended. Beven new members were elected. The secretary re ported that the deputation appointed at tin previous meeting had. waited upon Mr. BuaaeU with regard to tiie rate of wagaa paid, but no matjsfa&arv; settlement had been obtained. A return appean in tfaia week's Government Gazette of the quantity of land aold and the oth received in respect thereto during March. J £207 Ua- 6d.;~ ft_mpJ_feT%r_frmffihaari of 1,388 acrea, under Act 14 of 1868-9, &c;_, £1,815 4s. 6d_ ? payment of paction of purchase-money, £3,063 lis.; payment of deposit (li) per oenti) on account of pur-haae-maney. Ant 893 BS, £389 Bs.: seoond instalment of interest, SU 17a.; extension of credit for purchase- money, £576 is. 7d.{ interest on overdue amounts, £4-_B__7cL On Thnaday Mr. Rowland Rees, M.P., in- troduced to the Minister of Education a depu tation from Summertown, consisting of Measn. Stevens, Idverton, Collins, Trenorden, Sitters, end Vince, who. wished to obtain a farther subsidy far tiie institute. Mr. Rees pointed ont tiiat although the original eetimate waa £680. tfaia was the amonnt of the tender tar building only. Additional n i prHdiUiiehad been fonnd Deceaaary, and he asked that thia ahould be rabeidiaed, as be understood bad been done in other cases. Hie also mpinatsd tint the interest an the mortgage, whioh had been foregone by the mortgagee, shodd be sub ddised. All tfae mempen ot the depatatioa supported tin request. Tbe Minister replied that no donbt in tiie past inn___uUa had oeen allowed ii__r*)?_ on amounts in excess of thdr original estimate^ but for tte last mar and a half hehad not allowed it to be done. In thia oaae be conld only gnat a subsidy fbr the original estimate of cost The mortgage also had been made without his _anftii*-n. aad could not be recognised. The foOowing probates and letten of ad ministration were granted during tiie week ending on Thursday, Anril 2& :—Probates —Edith K. Newland, of Tt-.--~ CT it t i r B? y . £270; W. B. SmJy, of Addaide, £20; Grace Sloggett, at near Campbell town. -^970 ; John Goodger, of near Gawier, £290; Mary Ann Sowter, of Addaide, £300; J. T. Osborne, of Part Angaata, £_,300; j" E. Hebditdvo- Korth Adelaide, £700; E. £. A. Jacobi, of FuUerviUe, £1,816; Frederick Kock rick, of Bethany, £60; Sir W.W.Hugfaee, ?^So_-__r_E_ig____d, -316._-M; Wffiiani Baker, of Undalya. £376; M. Kennedy, of W-Ua-fcm, £250; W. J. Botten, ef Meningie, £900; Bobect H&onald;, of Ted-rip*, £_&); Bichaid Bowa, of Moonta, £800; 3. F. Mac?ride, of Addaide, £2,900. Letten of Adm_-_____-ftjoa—Harriet Stanley, of Border Town, £60: W. Hardacre, of Bendleby, £150; F. J. Baumann, of Spring-ton, jE4OO; B, J. Oswald, of North At_d__.de, £500; Sarah Arthur, of Mount Gambier, £135; Sophia A. C. Vide, of near Woodside. £800. Our Gawier correspondent, writing on April 28 with reference to the Bamma goldfiddi, saya:—Although very littie transpires as to what ia being done at Sim's, rush I hear ocaa eionaUy of finds bdng made latisfarfrrrT to the discoverers. Kow and tfaen I hear of loads going two or three or even mom ounces, bnt, as I have before stated, the misers, aaxioai to secure moreground, keep their doings as quiet as possible. To-day I have heard that U0 oz., fetching over £300, have been cold, aad the men have still a quantity of unworked ground in their ?**""""'- With the excep tion of a few unfortunates the diggers are generally satisfied with the results obtained. The claims in the deep and wet ground have not bottomed yet, bnt aU the minen are sanguine that when the holes touch washdirt their efforts wfll be rewarded. At preeent the work is slow, owing to the water aad the necessity for timbering all the way dowa. Should they fortunately strike payable gold there _b a large area of ground available. The sinking is bong carried on in a paddock be longing to the South Australian Company. _I>e Marine Board haa issued the foUowing notice relating to the carrying of sidelights at night; by vessels at sea:—"Mastera and ownen of ships and other persons interested are in formed that two masten have reoentiy been prosecuted and fined for neglecting to exhibit sidelights while on a voyage from the United Kingdom to thia pott. Notice is also hereby given tiiat in future the* board wiU take pro ceedings aad ane for the highest penalty pro vided by law ia aU similar cases which come nnder tbeir notice. The foUowing provisions, whidi are contained in the Merchant Shipping Acts of 1864 and 1862, ara published for general information:—-'Artide 2. The lights mentioned in the articles aad no other shaU be carried ia aU weather between eunset and sunrise. Sec. 27, Act 1862. All ownen and mastera of ships shaU be bound to take notice of the regulations for preventing collisions at aea and _h___.be bound to obey them and to cany and exhibit ao other lights tfaan such aa are required by the said regulations ; and in case of wilful default tiie master or the owner of tiie ship, if it appear that he was in auch fault, shall for each occa sion npon which audi regulations ara infringed be deemed to toguiltyot a misdemeanor. Sec tion 618, Act 1854. Every offenoe declared to be a misdemeanor may be deemed to be an offence made punishable by imprisonment for any period not exceeding air months with or without hard labor, or by a penalty not exceed ing £100, and may be prosecuted in a summary manner.'" An inquest waa hdd at the Addaide Gaol on Thuraday, April 28, on the body of Thotnal Woodman, a prisoner committed for trial on a charge of anon. Mr. W. Thompson was fore man of tiie jury. On Easter Monday, while under the influence of liquor, deceased attempted to burn an outhouse at Manoora belonging to Mr. Eing, who discovered him in the act/Mr. King took him into custody and shut him up ia a dark room. Mounted-Constable Busnell, of Riverton, waa sent for, aad on his arrival it waa found that the prisoner had inflicted a eevere gash on hi_ throat, from whidi blood waa running plentifnUy. He waa taken to Riverton, and on Tuesday be was brought before the court there, and was bound over to keep the peace for three months, aad also com mitted for trial on a charge of attempted anon. On April IS he was removed to the Adelaide Gaol, when it waa fonnd by Dr. Pateraon, tfae colonial surgeon, tiiat he waa suffering from delirium tremens. He did not recover from the shock to tfae system caused by the wound tm aooount of his advanced age. Every attention waa bestowed npon him by the gaol officials, bnt be died on April 37. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the caoae of death was shock to the system, tiie result of a edf infiicted wound, and delinum tremens. Wood waa a widower, bnt leaves several none and daughters, whose wbeieabouta ue at preaent t At tiie meeting of the Port *<-m>?M? Cor poration on TOuuaday afternoon the Mayor (Mr. S. Malm) alluded to tfae action of the ownqn of the steamer Hankow or their agents in allowing the vessd to discharge her cargo at tbe anchorage instead of steaming into the harbor. He pointed ont tiiat aa a vety large amonnt td money had been expended by tbe Marine Board in rendering the Port Aa?-__ii-i Biver navigable by large ocean ateamen it was to fae regretted that audi a vessd as the Hankow, with upwards of 800 tons of cargo on board, ahonld not avail herself of the faculties provided. Tbe Advertiser waa deserving of the council's hearty tfaanks far having taken the matter up, and copies of the papen containing articles on the aubject ahould be forwarded to the ownen of tfae vessel, (hi the motion of CounciUor Parker, seconded by Mr. C. Hams, it waa resolved to forward copies of tiie Advertiser *?^-?i; the artides to the owners, Measn. W. Milburn & Co^ tiie Agent-General, tin insurance companies, and to othen interested in the shipping trade between Sooth Anatralia and tiie old oountry. A hearty vote of thanka on the motion of Councillor Cleave wm accorded to the Adver tiser for having taken tbe matter up. The Mayor promised to interview the Treasurer with tfae view to getting tiie Governmeat to instruct the Age-rtGeneral in London when shipping goods to stipulate tiiat they must be landed direct from tin vessel on to the wharf at Pint Adelaide. The half-yearly meeting of tire Mount Wells Tin Mining Company waa hdd in Com stock Cbambers on Thursday afternoon, Mr. J. Lindsay (chairman of director*) presiding. The directora' report atated:-—" We have to report that Mr. G. P. Deane stUl remains in charge of the company's property, and that no farther woik haa been doae since laat meeting. In pursuance of the resolution paaaed at the extraordinary meeting of ahartholilews, hdd on November 17. 1886, tiie directon arranged with Mr. J. W. Bakewell, who waa proceeding to Kngland, to endeavor to negotiate the sale or disposal of all or a portion of tiie company's ptupetty. CuiiisnnniraHnas have pasaed be tween Mr. BakeweU and the directora, bot ao far nothing definite haa been arrived at Kegotiationa being atfll pending, tfae direc ton are not in a position to give any information at preaent further titan to atate that they had every reasnn to bdieve tfaat tiw negotiations are proceeding smoothly." The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, raid their manager had arranged to eend down 12 cwt. of ore aa an exhibit tor tfae JnbUee Exhibition, and 2 cwt. had been seat to England with ilr. BakeweU. It appeared that aome ahareholden did aot fed inclined to pay thdr calls, and the directon had conse quently oome to the determination that all snares oo which tbe calls are not mud ahaU be forfeited. Tbe next meeting tt the board wonld take place on Wednesday, and thoee shareholders wfao had not paid their calls by that date wonld lace any possible benefit from EugUuitL description of them may abt be uninteresting to aome of your readen who have not had tfae opportunity of inspecting them. The gdd in pl_cfe of tjht?z -ftJ-?-lMgghflgi T?-g sU4> 5? gossan, and sometimes they appear attached to or springing out of the crystal itself. The crystalline character of tin quartz aad ib dose connection with the gossan is in itself singular, and tiie general verdict of gold-reefers srould be tfaat the quartz _ waa of auch a glaaay, ?hunp-y* nature tbat it wonld not carry gold at all. Mort of tfae quartz specimens are im bedded in gossan, but here and there one from which the goesan haa been cleared away shows gdd in the stone. Two of the aped mens are eepeciaUy carious—one, a lamp of gossan, haa a sort of toft formed of several thread-like pieces of gold, as thick as medium-sized pins, and abont a 'quarter of an inch or more in length, sprouting out from it, bearing a resem blance to the representations of the fl*?-^ neat of tiie fabled phoenix; the other ia a piece of brandling gold, hi-Ming within its embrace two tiny cubes of iron. These speci mens are valuable from thdr extreme rarity.* 1 With reference to the recent alleged assault at Port Melbourne tfae Mdbourne even ing Berold of Wednesday contains tiie following:—--Rie police of South Melbourne have made enquiries, both yesterday and to day, into the alleged outrage oa theSaodridge road, and they now believe tiie woman's story at first published was made up. Tbehusband yesterday said the statement at the hospital as to tin time of tiie occurrence waa untrue, and onoe then he has contradicted to the police the whole ot beretory. He eaid they were aU to gether at tfae place having "n dnnkingmatrii," tad that ultimately Mrs. Kitchen waa put to bed br Mrs. Collins, ber next door neighbor, because she waa too drank to ait up. Between ber bed and the room where tfae ?i?a-tng- was going on there waa only a thin wooden par tition. It is therefore certain that the eqaabUe did not take place on Sunday evening, that Mrs. _____li-_i waa not funding potatoes, aad tiiat the occurrence did not take place when ahe waa alone or wfaen her husband waa not in tfae house. The police believe, and their belief is partly founded on the hus band's statement to them, tiiat some kind of drunken Saturday night squabble or fight did take place, and that during the scuffle Mrs. Kitchen waa thrown with her chin against tfae rail at the front of the verandah. They say ber wound is meidy an abra_d_n of the skin, and that it ?a very_certain she never waa stabbed or touched with a knife, Thia may account for the reluctance of tfae iin-dmad to prosecute tiie man who it was arnnrtpri had attempted to criminally assault his wife, and who waa alleged tohave afterwards stabbed her, and the deane of the woman to be treated at the hospital may account for her fabrication to Dr. Wilkinson. The husband still declines to prosecute, and tin police have decided to let tfae * matter paaa by as one of a dass of occurrences common amongst people of a certain daes. The fact that the mtuderom knife was eaid to be a very atrange one, and that it _b now missing and not to be found, is considered good proof that the woman's story wasa falsehood, for it is scarcely likely that euch a woman would be peeling potatoes with audi a knife. We havereceived £1 from '? F. 5.," Salisbury, for the Buili relief fund. The Fao telegraph route, which haa been interrupted, ia now completely restored. Tbe military ball which it was decided to hold in the Town Hall on June 21 has been postponed, the Mayor of Adelaide having arranged to give a ball on that occasion. On the evening of May 24 the non-commissioned officers of the Eiocal Military Forces will hold a social and dance in the banqueting- room of the Town HaU. A chrysanthemum show in connection with the South Australian Horticultural and Flori cultural Society will be held in the Town HaU to-day, and it is expected that it wUI be a great success. His Excellency the Governor hu an nounced his intention to be present. Organ recitals wiUbe given during the afternoon. The Theatre Boyal was fairly well filled on Thursday evening, when "The Forty Thieves" was again presented, and was performed in audi a manner as to call forth frequent ap plause from the audience. His Excellency the Governor wiU witness the performance on Tuesday next, and on that occasion 20 per cent, of the gross proceeds will be handed over to the Strangers' Friend and Charity Organisation Society. Messrs. Hunt. Corry, & Co,, drapers, of Bundle-street, having a short time since decided on extending their busi ness, and having with that view obtained 50 feet of frontage by a depth of 114 feet adjoining their old shop, have lost no time in erecting thereon a handsome three-storey building containing three shops, two of which they-intend occupying themselves, in addition to tfaat which they now use. The shop* are each 100 feet long;, and the apace at the rear is utilised for a staircase and lavatories. Good lighting ia obtained from the back as well aa the front, and the ventilation of cadi shop and the respective floors above has been carefully attended to. The eastern shop having to be nade narrower than the other two created a difficulty in producing a balanced and satisfactory elevation, but this has been tolerably well overcome. The style of the facade is Italian, broken up with bold projec tions and with a pleasing variety of detail. It is not yet 12 weeks since the contract was signed by Mr. N. AY. Trudgen, and the firm anticipate occupying the shops on May 2, the day the contract expires. Messrs. Walter and Moiiis have the contract for tiie shop fixtures, whidi also terminates at the aame time. The woik has been done very rapidly, and more satitfactorily than ia often the case in hurried undertakings. The walls are all carried up in the best brickwork, and everything about the building is thoroughly .übttantiil. The total cost is abont £5,000. The work has been designed and carried out under the super vision of Mr. James Cuming, architect, The first meeting of membera of the Fourth Union Parliament waa held in the Oddfellows' HaU, Franklin-street, on Thursday evening. Then ante 48 membera preeent out of 63 elected by the various literary societies in and around Adelaide. Prior to proceeding with tbe business act down on tiie notice-paper a ! motion waa agreed to with acclamation oon- > gratulating Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P. (late premier of the Union Parliament), on his election tb the North-terrace Parliament. Mr. Jenkins was present, and in taking leave of the members thanked them for the vote, acknow ledging tfae great assistance he had derived I from associating with the members, the many friendships he bad made, and promising to be alwaya ready to assist tiie Union Parlia ment in whatever way he could. Mr. W. C Cslder was unanimously re-elected speaker, and Mr. F. Hnsaey aa clerk. A ballot was taken for membera of the committee, aad re sulted in the election of Messrs. 6. 8. Cotton, W. A. Hubble, G. F. Hussey, F. Johnson, and K. Eay. In considering aie rules they were j only slightly amended, except that the cub ' senption was reduced for the session. In oon eequenceof the resignation of Mr. Jenkins and | the general breakup of his ministry, it m de cided to elect a premier by ballot. Four gentle men were nominated, lie result of the first vote waa a tie between Mestrs. W. A. Hobble ard F. Jobnson. A aecond ballot was taken, wben Mr, Johnson waa chosen, and he haa undertaken to form a ministry. The memben of tbe Militia Reserve Com pany Ko. 1 (Captain Petecswald) held the first of a terka of monthly smoke aoaals at the j orderly-rooms. Bundle-street, on Wednesday, April 27. Tbe attendance, considering tbe unpropit-otis state of tbe weather, was very good, there being about 60 memben and visiton preaent. Seqgeant-Major Fsselbsch, who preaided, expressed pleasure at aeeing several memben from other companies who had generously offend their sci vices ao as to make the fint social connected witfa one of the moat important and economical parts of tiie S.A. Militia Forces an unqualified success. Corporal Brokate played aa aa overture "The mardi aux Flambeaux" oa the piano, aad waa mnch applauded. Songa were alao contributed by the follow ing gentlemen:—Messrs, Piper, Witherick, , Coombs, Brokate, Muirhead, Marsh, and Headoo, those gives by Mnasis. Piper; Witherick, and Coombs being deserving of special mention. Private Headoo, who haa a powerful tenor voice, brought dowa the house aad bad to respond to aa imperative encore. A recitation the *? Combat,** waa givea by Jjeaoe-Corporal McLean in good style. A Scotch reading, " deems Kaye at a volunteer march out," by Serjeant Heylen, and a -radia tion, "A Teetnlpa digger in Kngland," by Sergeant Broomall, kept the audience in a -inaner of laughter throughout. There waa an exhibitioa assault at anna, singlesticks, toils and sword v. bayonet, by Sergeants Broomall and Clifford, Sergeants Haylock aad Clifford, and Sergeants Clifford and Haylock. The mi. ting doted with the usnal vote of thanka. A complimentary dinner was tendered to Dr. Morrison prior to his departure fron Glenelg for MaUala on Thursday evening, wben abont 60 gentlemen met in tiie banquet ing-room of tbe Jetty HoteL Tbe Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. F. Stock. MP.) occupied tbe chair and Councillor Wigley tfae vice chair. Tbere were also present Councillors Pickup. Frindorf. and Lunnis. Apologies Apart from his profession as a physician, in whidi he bad won the love of his patients by fais kindness and courtesy and enneroattyia ] c__a_jeLsecuni?ry_d_ri-t__Hk he hadJiT^tiie I and trust that the ratepayen reposed in him. In his profession he was ao highly esteemed that the whole of the five lodges of wbich he was the physician had determined, had tfaey not been forestaUed by the preaent occasion, to have given turn a parting banquet in recognition of tvs services. He aras sure the doctor's manly qualities would win for him in tfae new district to whidi Ite sras going the came good opinion that he waa leaving behind him in taking hia departure from Glenelg. The toaat waa drunk witfa cheen. Dr, Morrison, in replying, aaid it wonld be impossible for faim to express his feelings, bnt he tendered his sincere thanka for their parting words. He was sorry to have to leave them, but the interest which his stay at Glenelg bad engendered in tiie locality wonld not be severed by distance, and be woold always haU with delight anything re specting the well-being of the diatrict and its advancement. He had only done what he con sidered waa hia duty, and be was glad he had beea as successful as tiie expressions of those present indicated^ he had been. Other toasts were honored, including "The army and navy," proposed by CounciUor Pickup; "Tin atnypt and corporation," by Mr. J. Quart; "The town and trade of Glenelg," by Mr. G. K. Soward, and "The press," by Councillor Wigley. Music and songs en livened the proceedings, and a most pleasant gathering terminated at a early hour. A maA-ing of the Haybell North nitiing Company is to be held at Con- stock Cbambers this afternoon- The Umbemmberka Silver-Lead Hiding Company will bold a meeting at Comstock Cbambers at noon to-day. A meeting of the Uuqu Bay land and Investment Company is to be htld this morning at the Exchange Arbitration-room. 