THE NUMBER SEVEN. 'When God created tho world lie rested on tho 7th day. Tlieroaro 7 days in tho week, 7 letters in the naino of Jehovah, 7 syllables in tho Moham medan formula of prayer — la ill Allah ill Allah. l?vory 0110 is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kino ; tho 7 fruitful ntirl 7 1), 11T0.11 ours of corn. 7 vnnvs nf plenty and 7 years of famine. Jacob served 7 years for Raehael, and was I cheated with Leah, and served another 7 years, and received his reward. Seven days I10 was followed by Laban, his father-in-law, When Jacob died his so.i Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7tli year tho Israelites permitted their fields to remain idle and untitled ; this was called the 1 Sabbatical year.' At the siege of Jericho 7 priests, with 7 trumpets, went round tho Avails of the city, and at the 7th blast tho walls fell. Seven times ten years were the Israelites held captive in Babylon. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars trans lated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian library. There was 7 times ten, members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high priests. When Peter asked, ' Lord how many times must I forgive my brother ; it is enough 7 times?' Jesus replied. 1 1 say unto you not 6, but seventy times 7-. 'A just man falleth 7 times and risetli up again.' — Prov., xxiv., 1G. 'When thine enemy speaketh fair, believe him not, for there aro 7 abom inations in his heart.' — Prov., xxvi., 25. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 supplications in the Lord's Prayer, 7 wo-ds of 'the Cross. In Revelations thews are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices tilled with divine wrath j also 7 lamps with 7 Ihimes are men tioned there. AVho does not know of tha ' 7 sleepers,' tho 7 youthful Christian Martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Epliesus and fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for 200 years t There are seven wonders of the world, 7 wise men of Greece. Tho Mohammedan's para dise contains 7 heavens. Rome has beon governed by 7 kings, likewise Prussia, for tho 7 th is now Emperor Willielm. During the 7 years' war under Frederick II. history mentions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between tho Carlists and Christians lasted 7 years. The Franco-Prussian war lasted 7 months, and tho 7th regi ment was the first to distinguish itself. On tho 28th (-1 times 7) of September 1S70, Strasbourg surrendered ; on the 28th of October Metz, and on the 28th of January, 1871, Paris. Rome is. built on 7 hills ; so aro Constantinople, Nuromburg, Hamburg and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad and -Morocco each had seven gates. Seven citios claimed tho honour of boing Homer's birthplace. Thoro wore 7 steps leading to the tomb of I?arius, the Persian king ; 7 stops to Solomon's throne ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp in the Temple at Jerusalem ; 7 wioks in the perpotual lamp (eternal ilame) to the rites of the Greek Church. The River Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary islands, 7 colours in .the raiuLow ; there are 7 tones in tho musical scale, 7 precious metals, Pleiades, 01m of tho most beautiful con stellations, numbors 7 stars. There aro 7 cardinal virtues ; three of these arc Faith, Hope and Charity, ' and the; greatest of those is Charity.' The Duke of Wellington has 7 marshals' stalls. The Pope is priest of 7 cliui'clies. The human head has 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at Cologne has 7 pillars set upon 7. pecjes ^is surmounted by 7. atatues. 