WITHDRA WAL OF a/7?. SPURGEON FROM THE BAPTIST UNION. Mr. Sporgeon has (says the Pall Mall Budget of November 3) announced his with drawal from the Baptist Union owing to the unsatisfactory action which he believes has been taken on hie charges against the ministry of being on the down grade both spiritually and theologically. For some time past the charces laid bv him aeainst ministers and Churches of being upon the ?* down grade ' theologically and spiritually have been ardently combated privately, but at the meetings of the Baptist Union in Sheffield early this month they were ignored, while at the gatherings of the Congregational Union. they were denied. Replying to his critics and declaring his final decision, Mr. Spnr geon says that '* to pursue union at the ex pense of troth is treason to the Lord Jesus. He is onr Master and Lord, and we will keep Hia words ; to tamper with His doctrine would be to be traitors to Himself.' Pro ceeding, he argues that as a matter of fact ' believers in Christ's atonement are now in declared religions union with those who '''I'1 light of it; those who hold Evangelical doctrine are in open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitu tion for the lost.' 'Yes,' he says, 'we have before as the wretched spectacle of pro fessedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ.' This being the case, he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist Churched are each one of them self-contained and independent, and the Union being only a voluntary association of such Churches, it is a simple matter for a Chnrch or on indi vidual to withdraw from it. Mr. Spurgeon does not blame the Union for 'harbouring errors of the extremist kind,' for he sayB, 'so far as we can see, it was powerless to helo itself, even if it wished to do so.' Replying to the question, ** Wby not atari a new denomination ? ' he says it is a question for which be has not any liking. There are denominations enough, in his opinion, and *' if there were a new denomination formed, the thieves and robbers who have entered other * gardens walled ronnd ' would climb into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides, the expedient is not needed among Churches which are each one self-governing and self -determining ; such Churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, aod can keep their own coasts clear of invaders.' In conclusion, Mr. spurgeon says, 'Oh tbat the day would come when, in a larger com munion thft-n any sect can offer all those who are one in Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity \ This can only came by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus Christ*' 'The interest of the occasion,' to the Sj-ectatort 'seems to be the tendency which Mr. Spurgeon's course must luve to stimulate their constituent parts, and the gradual disintegration of what we may call col lective responsibility for a creed. Of course, if once that collective responsi bility were to cease altogether, and their should come to be as many entirely separate opinions on the character and drift of revela tion as there are, for instance, on the character and drift of Mr. Buskin's teaching, Christian faith as a bond among men would have ceased to exist.' Bat although ' Mr Spnrgeon's abandonment of tbe Baptist Union is sure to stimulate the tendency to an open disintegra tion of religions cr-rn-p\|TiK-nBj it does ** not at all suppose that it will stimulate the real disintegration of faith. The decay of common convicsions which was latent before wOl not be aggravated in any way by being avowed. Nay, it may, we think, do good by awakening men afresh to the very serious character of the question as to the connection between doctrine and religions communion.' 