ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. "THE'CORSICAN BROTHERS." There was a »wy large and f.ishionable audience at the Koyal Prittsess Theatre last evening, when the third change of^ jirogramuie for tlie season was made. The dress circle, atolls, and pit were each filled to ovt>rflowiug. Last night the famous legendary story of the Two Brothers of Corsica waa. told in drama by Signor and Siggor/> Majeroni, and the company supporting them. The version presented was that taken by Mr. Dion ljoijcjcault from the novel of the elder Dumas, Les J'VtTfls Corses. This version was first presented jn J852 by Charlus Kean, and may be fairly said to have retained the popularity then attained ever since. The mystic ana romantic situations of the drama make it always full of interest to the playgoer, and it has at intervals been produced with marked success by many leading actors. Signor and Signora Majeroni recently rc-y/ ypd the drama in Melbourne with brilliant results, ?£s production last night iu Sandhurst was of such a cfoiyjcter as to elicit the wnnubit praise. Signor Majero&i; i# eminently suited by ]iis peculiarly appropriate gifts and characteristics <;o represent' the dual part of the twin brothers, Louis and Fabien de Franchi, mtd it is therefore scarcely necessary to sa-y that hi* impersonation last evening was of the highest order. He gave full play to the various conflicting emotions at tending the part; but his judgment was so good that there was not the least suspicion of any tcndeucy to exaggeration. He gave due weight to the distinction iu the characters of tlie two brothers, who, though so sUijjlar in appearance, are different in other respects, jjije being town bred and the other country bred, and Ijjs acting was of the same high standard, whether 111 Jlie part of tlie lioble-iuiuded polished Louis, or as Fabien, filled with a fierce and implacable desire for revenge for tlie death ul .his brother. Tiie climax in the third act, when- j'abien meets and kills hi* brother's murderer ' in the forest at Fontainbleau, was a rematk:;bly ljowe.rful piece of acting. Throughout, Signur Majenmi kept himself in .lymputhetic touch with liis audience, and liis acting w.js received with fre quent and most enthusiastic applause, an emphatic recall taking place at each interval. The part of Xmelie de Lesparrr was enacted by Signora Mijeroui with that distinctive ability which Is everywhera associated witii her name. Though' not called upou for such continue) presence on the: stage as usual, she had oue or two vej-y effective : situations in which she displayed the ix-lh/ejnent and grace of lier acting to the full. Mis. J Gordon gave an admirable rendering of tha I part uf Madame dei Franclii. Mr. K. If. .Jewett j and Mr. M. F. Kemp in the respectively cou- j spicuou* parts of M. de Chatean-IJenaiid and Baron de Moutgiion, did credit to the positions in J which they were placed. As the heads of two Corsican families, OrlanJ-i and Colonniy Messrs. J. Mizsgrave and Stirling A'/hvtc. showed con tiidrrable merit. The Huron Mamtii .sntl ST. Aleynard were satisfactorily rendered by | Kimptou and (Jrifliths. The numerous o,tlier! characters were appropriately sustained. I The ]>iece was excellently mounted. The • scenery was from the brush of Mr. .T. Hennings, and was very good. The viijion and ghost scents were remarkably well managed, and the duel scene was very realistic. To-night a benefit will be tendered to Signora Majeroni, when a double bill—"The Corsican Brothers "and ''A Kiss "—will be presented. 