PORTFOLIO. THE CosrausoN oF THE HOLY GHOS. -When the tide is out you may have noticed, as you ramble among the rocks, little pools with little fishes in them. To the shrimp in such a pool his foot-depth of salt water is- all the ocean for the time being. He has no dealings with his neigh. hour shrimp in the adjacent pool, though it may be only a few inches of sand that divide them. But when the rising ocean begins to lip over the margin of the lurk ing- place, one pool joins another; their various tenants meet; and, by and by, in the place of their little patch of stand igg water, they have the ocean's boundless fields to roam in. When the tide is out -when religion is low-the faithful are to be found insulated; here a few and there a few, in the little standing pools that stud the beach, having no dealings with their neighbours of the adjoining pools, calling them Samaritans, and fancy ing that their own little community in cludes all that are precious in God's sight. When, like a flood, the Spirit flows into the churches, church will join to church, and saint will join to saint; and all will rejoice to find that if their little pools have perished, it is not by the scorching sum mer's drought, nor the casting in of earthly rubbish, but by the influx of that boundless sea, whose glad waters touch eternity, and in whose ample depths the saintsin heaven,as well as t hesaintson earth have room to range. Yes, our Churches are the standing pools along the beach, with just enough of their peculiar element to keep their inmates living during the ebb-tide period of the Church's history. But they form a very little fellowship-the largest is but little; yet is there steadily flowing in a tide of universal life and love, which, as it lips in over the margin of the little pool, will stir its inhabitants with an unwonted vivacity, and then let them loose in the larte range of the Spirit's own communion. Happy church !- farthest down the strand - nearest the rising ocean's edge! Happy church! whose sectarianism shall first be swept away in this inundation of lore and joy ; whose communion shall first break forth into that purest and holiest, and yet most com prehensire of all cnmtnunions-the com monion of the Holy Ghost V Would to God that church were mine :-Dr. Ja,,es Hamilfou. m 