MARRIAIGE USTOMiS. A COnnERsPO-DENT writes from his yacht:--XVhatever may be the case iu Eastern Now Guinea, the woman is little more than the slave of the man among rthe Nufoor Papuaus. She has to make his sago and cook his food, to draw the water, make pottery and fibro baskets, and often to submit to ill- usage, and the position of a wife is hardly bettered by the fact of her being under the authority of her husband's mother and sisters. Poly gamy is common, but it is not usual for a man to have more than three or four wivos. Should the w6man prove childless she is sent away, and the husband marrios, again. .Ohildren are betrothed when very young, and when the contract is closed the parents. of the future bridegroom pay those of the bride a part of the bargain agreed upon, for, as in many savage races, woman has a certain market-value. A very curious custom exists, resemb ling one of,.tho forms of mlonipa among the Zulus, whereby the bride and her near relations must avoid the sight of the bridegroom and his people until the marriage. The betrothal is not binding, and if the man does not approve of his parents' choice he need.not fulfil the contract. At a wedding at which 1\fr. Vran Iasselt was present the bridegroom went to the bride's house, proceeded by a crowd of wobmen, ench of whom bore a small present in her hand. Arriving at the room set apart for the ceremony, the young couple were placed back to back, the bystandors meanwhile taking their position round them--the men on one side and the women on the other. The ceremony is usually performed by the oldest relation, and in this instance an old: man undertook the 6ffice. Joining theiir right hands, he took'. a 'mouthful of water and spiurted it over them with the words, " May no enemy kill you, and no evil spirit affect you with sickness." Sago ivas then brought in and given first to the newly-married couple and then to the guests.. Even after the ceremony various customs have to be strictly observed. The bride and.bridegroom must sit up all night. If sleep threatens them they are immediatoly aroused, for the belief of the people is that in remaining awakeo they will have a long and happy lifo. This continues for four nights. By day they are permitted to sloop, but the husband must return to his own house. Not until the fifth day may they meet each other alone, but even then only by night, and for four days more the husband must leave his wife's chamber before daybreak. At the marriage of widows there is little or no cere mony. The bride walks into the jungle with her husband, attended by a widowor a married woman, whose duty it is.to .break off twigs and pelt the bride with them--an operation which is supposed to drive away the ghost of the. late husband. The widow must leave off wearing her old tjidako, or sarong, and.hand it over to another widow, and. with the givi?g' of some small present to the attendant who has successfully laid the ghost the whole affair is ended. On thoe death of her husband the wife is con fined to her house for some time; for if the ghost of the deceased individual were to see her going about, he would imumediately strike down people with sickness. Her hair must be out close as a sign of mourning, and.hor tjidako must be of the plainest description. Should any brother, of her late hus-. band be. alivei he isobliged to. marry her; if not, she returns to her own family. The women aroe .kept much secluded from. strangers;. and, though the M]archesa was crowded with natives both at Dorei and in Jobi Island, none ever-came on board. 