Monday, October Si. The last sitting of the Conference was held this evening, beginning at eight o'clock, and was more largely attended than any of the previous meetings. The Bishop of Brisbane again presided, and the following clergy were present-.— The Venerable Archdeacon Dawes, and Messrs. Herbert Heats, B. H. Wilson, G. Lester-Lester, and D. Rnddock. RELIGIOUS EDUCATION IN STATE SCHOOLS. The following paper was read by Mr. Geobge Potts, sear., head master of tbe KockhampLon Central State School for boys:— There can be no qnestion of more vital im portance to a nation than the training of its youth in the fundamental principles of its Christian faith. When it is an universally admitted axiom, that by a liberal and virtuous education alone, man is rendered a fit member of civilised society, how mnch more important is that -education which not only adorns his present life, but enables him to fulfil the mission of his existence. How far this instruction can and ought to form part of the curriculum of State education will form the subject of this paper. The con stant inquiry of thinking men, when I arrived in this colony fifteen years ago, was then* and still continues — How is tbe rising generation to be taught a knowledge of the Bible? How far, can, or ought the State to assist in this great work? Tbe answer given by the advocates of purely secular education is, ' Let the parents and clergy perform this duty.' The term 'let' is a scapegoat expression for the evasion of many an important duty. There is a wide gap between 'let' and 'do.' It will therefore be my duty to inquire, in some degree, how far the term ' let ' has done, is doing, or can fairly do in this great work ; and endeavour to show how much it may be aided by having the Bible, or portions of the Bible* taught in our State schools. Firat, with respect to the regular systematic Biblical instruction given by the great body of parents, it certainly will not take mnch consideration from any observing and reflective mind to come to the conclusion that it is work which has not hitherto been given, nor is there any reasonable prospect of any improvement to be hoped for in the future. Tbe subject mar fairly be taken from two standpoints of view. First, if we take a view of the higher classes of society, whose superior education and borne facilities give them many advantages ever their less privileged brethren m the humbler walks of life, yet the pressing emergencies of their public and private avocations in life preclnde them from devoting that time and attention which the importance of the subject demands. Unless we shut our eyes to that which cannot but be our daily experience, and close our minds to the reception of facts, we must ad mit, for that portion who have the time, religious inclination., and active perception of moral duty, to guide them in giving regular systematical instruction in Biblical knowledge to their children, the part who do not is an overwhelming majority. Secondly, when we come to tbe great body of the population whose existence depends upon physical toil, the subject is utterly out of the Question to be entertained. Even now, with the Scripture knowledge that many of the parents have obtained in our home State and Sunday schools, what is the prospect looking us in the face for the succeeding generations, who will have less and less light to guide them in their homes, and who are now being brought up, so far as State education is con cerned, in total ignorance of the most elementary foundation of our Christian faith. I therefore feel bound to say that, however dark and hopeless the pre sent state of religious instruction, as snpplied by home agency, may be now, the future looks darker still. Indeed, in many cases, eape cially in outlying districts, there is every prospect of a knowledge of the Bible becom ing obliterated, unless some further agency than home training is supplied. Therefore on our Sunday schools and clergy now rests the great duty of laying the foundation and erecting the superstructure of our Christian knowledge. The premise that a knowledge of the Bible forms the foundation stone of our Christian faith is granted by the Protestant section of tbe Christian faith. It is there fore my purpose to show how far our State schools should assist in this work. Taking an experience from twenty-three years in large schools, where religious instruction was given, as a guide, I will first point out tie mits of the instruction aimed at, and endeavour to show how easily the same might be obtained in this colony with our excellent school organisation for secular instruction. In the schools in which L had the honour to be engaged, a clear and accurate knowledge of the historical books of the Old Testament and Gospels, with the Acts of the Apostles in the New Testament, were insisted upon. In order to carry out this part of the school curri culum, three Bible lessons, of forty-five minutes each, wereprttcribedforeveryckaein tbeacbool evcxy week. Oral lessons formed the ground work for t3ie lower danea, and the reading and expounding of the texta in the higher. The results -of the work were thoroughly tested by 2LH. inspectors o! schools, a body o! men of the highest erudition, which gave a guarantee of faithful work. Indeed, as an educationist, I ban little faith in any kind of education that will not stand the test of an independent examination. Prior to the introduction, of regular systematic religions, instruction in our home State schools, conducted by properly trained teachers, inaugurated by the .Privy Council, the rising generation had to depend, io a great measure, upon the work of oar Sunday schools, together with some rudi mentary instruction in our then so-called National schools. Bat the results of toe then so-called teaching, and that of tbe properly organised system that followed, are forcibly apparent to the educationist, who has prepared his mind for the subject by a careful etady of the early reports of fl.M. inspec tors of schools. Indeed, I need go no further than to ask anyone who may take serious thought on this subject, to select a dozen pupils, taken from one of the highest classes in our State schools, whether the pupils be male or female, who would in their secular knowledge reflect the highest credit upon our admirable secular system ; yet if they were asked to write out the Ten Com- mandments, or any of the important events recorded in the Old or New Testament, would show the necessity there exists for more accurate instruction in the fundamental prin ciples of our faith. Tbe subject resolves itself into the simple question, how far can this be accomplished without the assistance of the State schools. The obvious answer must of necessity be through the medium of the Sunday schools and the clergy. How far, therefore, and with what success, these can be relied upon will follow from the following considerations. If we compare tbe number of pupils enrolled on the books of our Sunday echools, and those enrolled upon tbe books of the State Bchools, it will not take much con sideration to see that even in the town and suburbs of Rockhampton^ so highly favoured for its Sunday school agency, an enormous percentage never enter the San day school From the report of the Secre tary for Public Instruction, recently published, the following was the enrolment of the State school pupils attending the Rockaampton State Schools and those of the immediate vicinity, at the end of tbe year 1886, viz :— Allenstown, 31S ; Boys' Central, 407 ; Girls' Central, 345 ; Infanta' Central, 491 ; North Bockhampton. 3So; Fink lily, 69; Port Curtis, 60 ; Gracemere, 62 ; Lake's Creek, 124 ; making a total of 2270. I have not Accurate information, out I have strong rea son* for believing that the aggregate enrol ment of all tbe Protestant Sunday echools do not reach over fifty per cent of that number* This fact alone is a serious consideration for not resting satisfied with Sunday school work alone. If such is state of the town, what is the prospect of tbe country, where Sunday schools do not exist. Regular syste matac training, so essential to success in instruction, together with many other con siderations, might be entered upon to show that, however valuable and admirable Sunday school work may be, that and that alone will never meet the full requirements of that re ligions instruction wtucn is to iorm and give that direction to the mind, which must develop in the Greater Britain that national character so nobly begun in the Lesser Britain. I am far from depre eating the work of the Sunday schools ; but on the contrary, I am appealing for the higher functions of tbe instrnctiou thereto be im parted, so that the foundation laid in the State schools may there be built upon, and the superstructure there to be erected, so that the final key-etone will be supplied by tbe ministrations of the church. Little need be said upon the subject to show what a her- culean task it would be to throw the duty of religious instruction upon the shoulders of the clergy. If, as I have already indicated, three lessons of forty -five minutes pi r week were found to be the minimum amount of instruction, contincted by thoroughly trained teachers, to prodnce satisfactory results what would be tbe time and number of clergymen required for the town and suburbs of Rockhampton. I will take one example, and the one with which I am best acquainted. I refer to my own schooL Had I to give the same instruction and produce the. same results, as I did in England, the least number of drafts into which I could divide it would be twelve ; there the time to be given for one department, in the Central School alone would be twenty-seven hoars per week. On this scale, taking travelling into considera tion, a staff of at least ten clergymen woold be required and constantly employed for five days in the week. How is it possible for any one man, or number of men, that the church is able to supply, to meet each a strain. The question therefore arises. How is the assis tance of the State schools to be obtained when such conflicting opinions prevail ou the ques tien of secular versus religious instruction ? Well, the question has been to some extent met as a compromise. During the time the Board of Education administered the educa tional grant of this colony, extracts from the Old and New Testament were read in the State schools, and formed part of the school curriculum. With this much gained, the work of the church would stand .on a much higher footing, for with our effective system of examination, there would be little fear of the pupils not being made thoroughly ac quainted with the cmtente of the work pre scribed. A clear field would then be opened for that development ot that religious instruc tion to which I have already alluded. In conclusion the fruits of purely secular educa- tion, so clearly manifested in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and even Rockhampton ! ore so serious that every right-thinking man ' should use his best endeavour to get a modifi cation of the present State school system, to ' that-the Bible should become part of its curri culum. The Rev. D. Rcdixxjk read the following paper: — 'The question we have to consider —broadly stated — is whether in a Christian country the children attending the State schools are to be taught as heathens or Chris tians. At present in the colony no religious instruction whatever, U allowed to be given by the teachers in the school*. Let us frankly own that divisions among Christians have brought about the present unhappy state of affairs, and the state is in despair of being able to satisfy all the demands, of various Christian bodies, and has forbidden any religious instruction whatever to be given in the schools. It is dear that before we can expect the Government of the country to change the present law — the different Chris agreement among themselves as to what change they desire. Are Christians so divided on the great fundamental articles of the Christian Faith as to render such an agree ment impossible? Surely not. We are all agreed in the belief in a living -God, the Creator of the Universe, and father of man, in God the Son, who became incarnate, and whose life and teaching are recorded in the four Gospels, and which are accepted by tbe whole of Christendom : and in God the Holy Ghost, the giver of all spiritual life. acceptance as upon the interpretation of the third division of the Apostles Creed. The great Wesleyan body repeat, as would be expected, the same creed as ourselves. The Congregationalists are, I believe, at one with us in the three great fundamental articles of the faith of which I have before spoken. And if we turn to the Presbyterian Confession of Faith we find under the first article tbe statement under the name of Holy Scripture, Or the word of God written are now contained in all the books of the old and new testament, all of which are given bv inspiration of God, to be the rule of faith' and life. In their 'principles of religion,' we find, (a) we be lieve in God to be essentially wise, holy, just, and good, eternal, infinite and immutable in all natural and moral perfection ; the Creator, supporter, and governor of all beings and of all things, (b). We believe that God is re vealed in the Scripture as the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and to each are attributable the same divine properties and perfections. If we turn to tbe Baptist Con fession of faith we find stated, the Holy Scripture is the only sufficient, certain, and infallible rule of all saving knowledge, faith, and obedience. And again, in the Divine and Infinite being, there are three subsistences which doctrine of the Trinity is the founda tion of our Communion with God and com fortable dependence on Him. Our Roman Catholic brethren, together with the Wes leylans, Presbyterians, and Congregationalists acknowledge that the birth is the Word of God, and believe in the three Divine Persons in God. Cannot, then the chief pastors of these various Christian bodies, and tbe chief pastor of our Church, the Bishop of the Diocese, confer together, and agree to some lesson book of Christian teaching to be used in the State schools. What Government of tbe colony could pos sibly refuse the request of the representation of snch powerful sections of the commnnity. I venture to think that all the Christian bodies — except, perhaps, our Roman Catholic bretnren — worna conuauy consent to tne in troduction in tbe State schools of the Scrip ture lessons of the Irish Board of Education. This would, of course, necessitate the re ligious instruction being given by the teachers of tbe various schools, and I maintain that at the present tune this is the only way by which the children throughout the whole colony can be taught much about the Chris tian religion ; for although in the towns there are Sunday schools in which, to a certain decree, the children are taught under the I influence of Christian teaching. Yet in the bush and widely scattered districts there are bat few opportunities of giving religions instruction to the young, even on Sundays. It is true that the State allows the clergy to have the use of the school-room after school hours for the purpose of giving religions in struction to the young. But of what prac tical value is this ? In the bush districts it is an utter impossibility for the clergy to avail themselves of the permission ; and in this town, at least at present, it is of little value ; for in the town of Rockhampton and district there are no less than seven State schools, at which there is an attendance of some 2000 children, one- third of whom are, I think, children ot members of tbe Church of Eng lani. How is it possible for one clergyman to give religious instruction at seven schools, and to some 600 children. If tbe religious teaching is to be of any real benefit to the the children, it must be given in classes. In onr Sunday schools we aim at giving to each teacher not more than ten or twelve children, and if we mean to pat together in one class, children of very different aces, we ebould find oar Sunday School empty. Boys of fourteen would not consent to be taught with lads of seven or infants of five. Tbe clergy could not, after school hours, jrive instruction to classcss of ! In the State schools of Rockhamptoo, the j the classes to be taught number eighty. The absurdity of supposing that one clergyman of the Church of England can impart systematic religious instruction to the church children is, I think, apparent. What I would earnestly advocate is that the State should adopt tbe seventh section of the Public In struction Act of New South Wales, which reads thus : — In all schools under the act the teaching shall be non -sectarian, but the words 'secular instruction shall be held to inclade general religious teaching af dis tinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. Appendix C of the Act explains that for the general religious teaching, the scripture lessons of the Irish Board of Edu cation are authorised. This should .also, I think, be added, a ' conscience clause for the teachers, and a conscience clause for the parents of the children.' The parents should have power to prohibit their children attend ing the religious instruction at the schools, and no teacher whose name is on the books at the time of the pasting of the amendment to the Act, ebould be compelled against his conscience to teach what he does not believe to be true. After the passing of the amended Act, the State would of course refuse to accept a man as a teacher who would not undertake the instruction of the children in all the subjects required by law. In New South Wales, the religious instruction is given by the- teachers, the clergy are allowed to give instructions to the children during school hours. I should like to see this, too, considered by the State of Queens- land, so that in the large towns where there are more clergy* the children of tbe Church of England may be taught definite chnrch teaching, in addition to that given by tbe State teachers. There is, I think, a wide Bpread feeling not only amongst members of the Church of England, bat also our fellow Christian Nonconformist brethern, that the change in the present system of purely secular education is needed. I believe that the majority of tbe people would gladly welcome a change, for Christians cannot but be sorry at heart when they remember that at present the knowledge of God and His revealed word — which they all accept — and which transcends in importance all that can be stored in the minds of our children, should be ignored in a system of education intended for the whole people, and for which every taxpayer has to share the burden. He would like to say a few words, before he concluded, on the subject of religions educa tion in the grammar schools, for the children of the mouied classes stood as much iu need of it &s; those attending the public schools. There were not many public ecbools in the colony, and it might be possible, if pennis for Brisbane at least to arrange for lectures to the upper classes on church history, Christian eridence, and the like. As to the future, it should be tbe aim of the church to have her own grammar schools Many people would gladly bring their children up under the direction of the church, and on a dis tinctly religious basis, and for that reason, he felt sure that if public schools were started in this colony, similar to those formed in the old conntry, they would be self -supporting, and have a lasting influence for good on this great colony of Queensland. (Applause.) The Rev. Herbert Heath said the ques tion on which they had heard such very able papers read, was one that must be near the hearts of all, whether they were parents oc guardians. He would like, therefore, to dwell on it for a few minates, not in the abstract, but as to what bad already been done and proved. He would first go upon the principle which, unfortunately, be knew to be too true — that the majority of parents did not train their children at home. He meant there was no systematic home training in. religion, no bringing up of the little ones in the truths of tbe Gospel, no giving to them the words of tbe Holy Scriptures in their youth. He did not say there were no such families ; but he did say that, from bis own experience, there were many where teaching line upon tine, precept npon precept, was not in vogue at alL On the contrary, he knew many estimable families where tbe children were got ready in proper time and started off to Sunday school every week, and tbe parcutal burden laid upon tbe Sunday school. An old friend of his in Sydney (Canon O'Reilly), take. We should hare no Sunday schools at alL It is only offering a premium to parents to shift their responsibilities on to ns.' He (Mr. Heath) asked what be would do, and Canon O'Reilly's reply was 'Collect the parents and train them first ; then let . them train their little ones.' When he was | living in Sydney some years ago, there was a j great outcry in the public Press about the [ laxity of the clergy in not giving iu- ? struction in tbe public schools when tbe ' Education Act permitted them to do eo. In fact, the papers waxed virtuously indignant on the responsibility that rested on the ministers of the Protestant churches and others, and pointed out that, on the contrary, the Roman Catholic clergy strained every [ nerve to have schools of their own, so as to teacb the children in their own faith. The ' consequence of the outcry was, that there was ' a great meeting of clergy, and it was agreed that scriptural lessons should be ? five school days. They began them at once, , o'clock, and leaving off at a quarter to ten. In the secular education, and to induce the teacbers to work harmoniously with them, , they always limited themselves to three- j Quarters of an hour, a class change being made at tbe end of that time. With the rest, he had had two schools allotted to him — the Pitt-street School, with 1400 scholars ; aud the Suesex-etreet School, with S00, and gave ' being for boys and one for girls. 1 lie same system was followed by the other clergy, and suburbs were worked in this way. Possibly \ they might imagine that the attendance was not f*ood ; on the contrary, it was something I marvellous. Sussex-street was not a very | Orderlv part of the city, as an von e acquainted ! with Sydney would know, and tbe children i were of a very l-w standard. When he went to the school there to hold his first j class, the master asked him if he would like a ; monitor to keep order, and he replied 'No. If I can't keep order, I can't teach either. I must have perfect order, because I shall not begin until I have.' Re had ninety hoys in other, and perfect order prevailed all the time ; no one spoke a word. Well, he taught them the Lord's Prayer, a collect or two,.and:tea3 ' portions of the Old or New Testament— ' taking those parts which contained a moral : lesson or was easy of application, and at each. 1 lesson questioned the children abont. what I they bad learnt before. It was wonderful how ' they retained in their mindw what he bad taught them, and how pleased they were with the daises. Thii had gone on, he believed, for six months when he was astounded one morning to learn that an order hud lnwn issued, saying that only the Church of Eng land children were to be taught by clergy, of that denomination, and that ministers of the English Church were only to be admitted day and day about with those belonging to other persuasions. This was rather a bar, bethought, but the head masters of the schools dlrected their teachers and the head scholars to write to the parents of every child on the subject, and all they had to do was to write " yes ' or ' no,' and send them back ; " yes ' signified that they were willing to have their children religiously instructed by the clergy of the Church of England, and 'no' the reverse. What was the cooseqnence of this ? Not one child was kept away ; in fact, such curiosity was aroused that many others were sent to attend the classes. This vent on for a year, and at the end of that time croakers said it would so affect the head masters' t*hnintoi statement of secular work that the authorities would not tolerate it. He did not know whdt the report regarding the Pitt-street School tvas, but be believed it was equally as satisfactory and gratifying as that of Sussex -street. As to the latter, tbe master reported, that^eince the system of scriptural education had been ia vogue, the punish ment had fallen away seventeen per cent. In the playground he had heard no bad language used, and the secular standard had gone up seven per cent. This was very gratifying, and should prove that instead of the three-quarters of an hour out of the five bong so much lost time, it had tended to the ad vancement of the children in their other work. -o far from what had been reported being the caee, it was shown that by the religious teaching tbe pupils had gone up in percentage in the standard of efficiency in every bunch of education, of punishment, and moral conduct. Thete facts showed what bad been done, and what could be done ?gayp' ; and he thought that if they could go to tha authorities with statistics of that sort tiiey would get a similar privilege to that accorded in New South Wales. In Queensland at pre» sent they were not allowed to take any tune out of the hours set apart for secular educa' tion. Where he was living now he was trying to start a class, to begin at a quarter to nine, and fininfr At m quarter past ; and had also got the con sent of the head teacher, and obtained from him an outline of the form of application, and other documents necessary to be sent to tbe Minister for Education, asking for the per' mission. What had been commenced in Sydney was still emag on, and they baa bfaea able to do so much there, why shohid they not try to do something here. It was hard Slat tbe whole responsibility should be laid on the backs of the clergy, but it was their ^aty to try and get leave to give plam Scriptural teaching in the schools. That accomplished, a wonderful good would be done for th« colony. He would pat one question to than — What would become of their young people in a generation or two, if they were debarred from religions instruction, except what they obtained in the Sunday Schools: Why the teaching they got on a Sunday was as a drop in the ocean, as compared with the effect of the secular education they received during the week, whereas they should be tratn rated with tbe troths of religion. It might be said that the religious education im parted to a child was, like a seed, blown away, and took no root ; but if they forjgot what they learned in their childhood it would come back to them again when they were older, and with a new sense. If they could only get into the echools dating school hourly and saturate the children with tbe truths of tbe Gospel, much good would result ; but if they went on as at present, God's Word would be a book totally unknown to tbe majority of children two generations hence, because ther» was, nnfortnnatelr, a great lack of religious training in their homes. (ADplause.) Mr. Henbt Mills said it would be recol lected that on tbe occasion of the 6rst viot of His Lordship to Rockhampton the members of the church bad presented him with an address, in which prominent reference was made to the Question now under discussion. They found then that they had struck a cord of sympathy iu His Lordship's heart, ftnd that be was heartily in unison with those vjbo thought religious instruction ebould be given iu the State schools. He spent nearly an hour in giving them his views, and it was a striking fact that much that be had said had been repeated this evening, tbongb in different words. It was a pleasure to find tliev had such an able advocate of the cause as Dr. Webber, and he trusted their laboor would bear fruit. There would soon, be a general election in the colony, and it had been eaid that religions education in tbe schools should be an election cry. But be believed the question was now taking each a hold on public opinion, and oareate thought so siron^rlv on it that there would be do occasion to make it a cry. The candidates who repre sented them in Parliament would come pre pared, not reluctantly, but voluntarily and of their own accord, to advocate such a measure. He thought they might predict for Rock hampton that, with tvro snch able men aa they had in Parliament at present, and hoped to have in future (Messrs. John Ferguson and William Patttsoo), it «oold support the teaching of the Bible io State schools. (Ap plause. ) In fact, it should be made a test question at the forthcoming elections whether i h candidate would support sacha proposition or not, and on his reply should depend whether they voted for him or not. He wis | pleased to tee such a representative gathering I of the Church of England, aud to be able to thank Dr. Webber for the able manner he had pat the matter before them on a former occasion. (Applause.) Mr, G- B. ;Shau- delivered a lengthy ad dress in the coarse of which be said, he was very pleased to be present this evening to say a few words on this important question, and to see such a numerous gathering, because it showed the amount of interest taken, in the subject under discussion. He trusted the gentlemen present would take to heart the words that had been uttered, because if they did not, it would be fair to anticipate that they did not agree with them ; but he for one could hardly imagine such to be the case. The ring of the papers read by Mr. Potto and Mr. Haddock, bore at once the guinea stamp ; and if the ladies aod gentle men who had heard them, and those who would read them in tbe papers, would give the important points raised therein their con sideration, it would not be long for this question to be solved in the way they desired. They most bear in mind that the movement ju?t initiated was a great one, and that the) wished it to be taken up, not only* in tbis schoolroom, but throughout the length and hreadth of Queens land. If it was carried on in the same way as it had been started, there could be no doubt that, ere long, religious education would be given ia the public schools. ( Applause. } The reign of their beloved Queen had been one of unexampled prosperity, and one of the most important events of that time had been the magnificent number of Bibles distributed throughout the world, which shoved there was a desire for the spread of the word of God. Bat he would like to point out that it waa no use distributing tbe Holy Scriptures un lesstherewaBBomepracticalapplicationof their ^mtffn^8. He was afraid that in too many instances, the Bible was looked upon as one of those raloable pieces of brie-a-brac, and placed upon tbe drawing-room table, not to cm touched by the children, but kept as some thing very valuable and not to be handled. It should be taken down from that place and put in the hands of the children ; and the lessons it contained should be taught to them. Bat there was no better place to teach the young than in the schools. If the ground work of their education was not to be the truths taught by the Bible, then the sooner they put the Holy Word on one side, as something they did not want, the better. If they wished—and he believed all Christian men and women did wieh — their children should grow up to be creditable members of society, that they should not be larrikins, but should live good and moral lives, and in the future shine in some sphere or other, then there «u no better treatment for them than to teach them the Word of God. He hoped thay would not think he advocated an; dogmatic teaching in the school ; all he wanted was that the simple truths of the Bible should be taught, and made the ground work of their education. Unless that were done, no good work could be accomplished. He had not come prepared to make an ad dress, bat could not help saying a word or two- If they wished to make this colony great, they must give the children a moral training- Within tbe last year or two, they had been shocked at the painful scenes that had occured throughout the colonies, through what he assumed to be the larrikin element, and if they wished to pot that element down, they must have the Bible or some system at religions teaching in the State schools. He hoped one and all wonld use their influence in the matter, and that they wonld, as Mr. Mills bad foretold, * have the support of their two members who were Nonconformists, for they would then, as tie Church of England, have two elements in farthewice of their cause. When this ques tion wm raised some years ago he remem bered that one of the moat able writers cf the day in the town used. hiB powerful influence to pen an outery against the use of the Bible in. State schools. He hoped *hat that gentle man would see the frror of hiB way. and that public opinion was in favour of that great boon being given to their children in future. (Applaase.) The Vekeraele Abchdeacon Dawes said he was thankful to find so maoy present be cause, of all the subjects that had been dis enseed at tbe Conference, this was perhaps, the most important. It came down right to the root of the whole matter. In the face of such a question as tbe division of the See and increased epucopaJ supervision, they could hardly look the whole church future in tbe face, without seeing that the question of religious education «i* the most important. Tbe whole question of their Christianity rc-sted on this. It must do so because, if therdid not teach their children Christianity when they were young, it was hardly likely they would be taught it in after years, or tiugbt it as it should be taught, viz., ingrained into their very breast, A farmer «ros once asked how it was he had soc/i tine «h«ep, aod hi* common-senee reply was ' I don't know. I suppose because I carefully look afifcer the Iambs.' So it was with .Christianity. They would never have tine, stalwart, irohast Christians to this colony until they looked after their children and taught them the -fear of God and the fear of Christ. Why it .was simply obedience to one -rt* the plainest eoiaiEaoafi of their Master that they were to feed Hit lambs, and suffer the iitdeones to come onto Hire Then, for them to seat their little ones to the estate schools, which -&*£- supported with their awz. maney, and not to ibave the Bible taught, srassjmukt .cowardice. -(Applause.) Bat they told hue i that Christian people were so divided, and in I aueb a chaos of divisions and diversities of opinion, that the State, in dismay, had pro hibited the teaching of the Bible in the State schools. He did not believe that, for a cingle . moment ; it was merely trying to get rid of ?the difficulty, it vbm not putting the m&itt;^- tfairly .at alL Ae had tuen already remarked tbis evening, a very large portion of their ' Christian faith had been conveyed to tUem to ? Ftmit, Catholic and Prote* uot alike, to their I children; and it was strange if, together — forming, as they did, the vast majority ot people in tbe colony — they could not have taught in their State schools at least so much as would afford a ground work upon which, by Sunday school and home teaching, they could implant in the minds cf their children the faith they had learnt to love. (Applause.) They might tell him 'Oh, we do not teach the Bible to our children ; we do not want it to be taught in our State schools, We leave it to the Sunday schools. Do it there, and do it as yon wilL' Those who said this mnst know fnll well thai: the religious instruction could not be imparted in the Sunday eeuooh. It was simply impos sible to teach religion as it should be taught in one short hour in the week, and under con ditions that rendered it tbe most difficult task in the world to leave impressions on the minds of the children. Why) when they thought of the shortness of the time, and tbe difficulties attaching to the Sunday schools, and compared them with the condition of things obtaining in the old country — where they had their classes gathered round them on a Sunday morning and afternoon, and began to teach upon some foundation — they would see how impossible it was to religiously instruct the children in the Sunday schools in one short hour in the week. In London — the most difficult city in the world for diversity of opinion, he believed— it was not impossible to teach the Bible in every State school. At any rate, they knew when Sunday came, although they might have no parish school or church school of their own, that tbe children had some knowledge of God's Word. They had gone through the drudgery, and having a groundwork, the teachers could appeal to their feelings, and tell them what children loved so much. They could tell them stories, let them sing hymns, show them pictures, and so forth ; in short, make Sunday a bright and happy day, not a day of toil and drudgery in l**wp'pg hard lessons. (Ap plause.) They had something upon which to base that brighter aide of Christian life. That, to Ma rnin^. was a matter of Buch great importance* that he thought they should, by painstaking application, endeavour to get ingrained into the heart and 'nn-jw of the children a knowledge of tbe Holy Scriptures. But how coold that be done, if they attempted to do it at ail, on a Sunday afternoon ? That day ought to be the happiest and brightest of the week, not a day of bard tasks for these little ones, and to make it so was doing what they had no right to do. The Sunday afternoon school was not sufficient for their purpose, especially in this busy colony, where they were so many duties and difficulties. It was all very well to aay that parents ought to teach tbeir children at home, and although he would admit that it was far better that there should be a Sunday school in every family, they all knew that it could not be. Then let them teach the children on Sundays in the Sunday schools, but let the teaching be based upon soms knowledge of God's Word received during the previous week. They thought a. good deal still of the old Bible, and he trusted they would lore that Word of God as the years went on. If they did not teach their children that Bible — which contains the groundwork of their own faith, and enabled them to practice their own morality — their State schools were far and away behind even the Pagan schools of antiquity, becanse, in the latter, they had some sort of philosophy taught, upon which to base morality. In these days, however, there was none whatever. (Applause.) If they allowed other offspring to grow up in this way, they would be keen enough and sharp enough to detect that they were afraid— or seemed to be afraid— of teaching God's Word in the schools ; and what would they think as they grew up ? They would not, he thought, have very much respect for the Word of God, or that Christian faith which they professed to lay such store by. It was all very well at present, because they had not outlived the old traditions ; and tbey were living now, as it were, upon their principal. But this would soon be run out, and then God have mercy upon the nation that hftfl so dishonoured Him, as to refuse to teach His Word ia the great instruction given to its children. He did not want to take up too much time, but would like to ask them a very plain question — Did the people, after all, with their Bible societies, and with all they said about the Holy Scrip tures, really mean what they said? Now, their, ttoman Catholic friends meant what they said, apd he honoured them for having tbe courage of tbeir convictions. They were giving effect to tbeir coo Wet kins, too, by their resolution and self-deniui, and they were providing schools themselves, in order to teach their children what they believed to be the true faith. Some people were very much afraid of the Rom in Catholics making inroad* upon other denominations, and teaching them Why, tiwy wer* tiLDiply U.y«ag tU«n%eLve& open to this if they allowed them to teach God's Word, and did not teach it at all them selves. (Applause.) Be would jogt remind them here of a passage—he dared say they had read it before — a very brilliant passage, written by one of tfce most eminent dignitaries of the Komm Catholic Church. He was speak ing of the hold the Saxon Bible had upon the English nation, and this was what he Eiid : - *' Who will not say that the uncommon beauty and marvellous English of tbe Pro testant Bible is not one of the great strong jolds of hereev in the country ? (In writing of what Protestants believed the writer (Car di^ai Manning) spoke of it as heresy.) It livefc on t&LB; ear like a music that chu never be forgotten— Ukf the sound of church belle, which the convert fc&rdly; knows how he can torego. Its felicities bftec pesm to be almost things rather than mere words'. It & part of tbe national mind, and the anchor of nafioosl i&riousne-s.; The memory of the dead puVes igtp it. Tbe potent traditions of childhood are stereotyped ia its verses. The power of all the gr&et;* £;d trial* of man is hidden beneath its words. It is the repre sentative of his best moments and all that has been about him of soft, and gentle, and pure, and penitent, and good, speaks to him for ever out of bis English Bible. It is his sacred thing which doubt hi* never ^iTninp^, and controversy has never soiled. In the length and breadth of the land there is not a Pro testant with one spark of religiousness about hitn, whose spiritual biography is not in his Saxon Bible.' And again listen to Cardinal Newman :— *' Bible religion is both the recog nised title and the best description of English religion. It consists, not in rites or creeds, bnt mainly in having the Bible read in church, in the family, and in private. Now 1 am far indeed from undervalying that mere know ledge of scripture which is imparted to the population thus promiscnonsly. The re iteration, again and again, in fixed course in tbe public service, of the words of inspired teachers under both covenants, and that in grave majestic English, has in matter of fact been to our people a vast benefit. It has attuned their minds to religions thought : it has given them a high moral standard ; it has served them id associating religion with, compositions which, even humanly considered are among the most subline and beautiful ever written ; especially it has impressed upon them the series of Divine Providences in behalf of man from his creation to his end. and above all, the words, deeds, and sacred sufferings of him in whom all the providences of God centre.' That was the boos they would not have taught in the State schools. It had been Btated by tuat great writer, Thomas Carlyle, that England had two books. One she had made, and the other had made her : one was Shake speare, and the other the Bible. Yet the Bible had been banished from the school*, and they would not let their children be taught from it. They would not let their little ooeB know the Grace of God or the great moral lessons that were to be obtained from His Holy Word. He could scarcely believe it ; yet it was so. And they should combine to alter this. Why, in what they were doing now, they were not only, in a most flagrant and reckless manner, playing into the hands of the infidel, bnt into the hands of those who, to his mind, were far more to be feared even than the open infidel, viz., the modern agnostic Who was he ? Why his very name told them at once who be was. He had no creed y'^ wanted none, so practically it came to this— there was nothing new, there was nothing to be taught, and it did not matter. Was that wbatthey weregoingto bring their children up to? Oh, no. He was very glad that in Rockhampton there were people who were in earnest in this matter, and he could not believe that the day was far distant when the Parliament of Queensland would no longer prohibit the teaching of tbe Word of God in the State schools. All of them or at least the majority— had learnt thoroughly the principles upon which their own hope of salvation rested, or at least those great car dinal truths taught in the Holy Scriptures. Bat let them be preached. Could the Bible be taught in the schools ? It had been done in London, and what could be done there— the most difficult city in the world for such an experiment— could be done in Queensland. (Applause.) Then if it could be done, let it be done, and let them work harmoniously and persistently, and they would certainly obtain what they wanted. JTiey would find it to be the richest possession they could have, not only for themselves, but also for their children — something that would make all this material prosperity & blessing, not a curse ; and some thing that they would value as their most precious heritage, and hand on to posterity in its virgin parity. He must ask the pardon of the meeting for speaking at such length, bnt one could not speak on a subject like this with that entire self- command as regarded time that one ought to exercise. He thought the true note had been struck this eveoing, and if the only thing accomplished by this Conference was what they had been speaking of this evening, they would have cause indeed to thank God that they had had the privilege of visiting Bockhampton. (Applause.) Mr. Kbasszy Miuord said he would like to say a Jew words on the subject, which had only been discussed up till the present from one point of view. At present all classes of the community were taxed to support the schools, and attendance at these institutions was compulsory. In many places, however, there were no achools. What he would like to know was— Would it be fair to the general taxpayer to have to pay for teaching the Bible in the State schools? Would it be fair to -teachers as a body that tbey should be com pelled to teach religion, when, perhaps, it was against their convictions? Would not clever men and women — among them perhaps some of the cleverest — out of the service * Mr. LiNTiiWAiTc said as this was hie* first appearance at these Conferences be did not like the wibjtct, interesting as it was, to pass over without offering a few remarks, simple though they might be. upon the subject, tie looked back to his schooldays, forty years ago, and remembered the time when the Bible was placed in the hands of the scholars for them to learn from ; bnt he could not help saying that they learnt more io their own homes. He J thought they had been nothing less than ' cowards in tbe highest degree, for not having insisted upon the reading of tho Bible in their j State schools, (Hear, hear.) He was proud to be present that night, and see the earnest ' cussed. He had not the slightest doubt, that j if tbe spirit which they evinced were only i kept up, all they desired would be accom plished. Bat would it?— that was the ques tion. He knew from an experience of one and twenty years in Bockhampton, that while the thing was fresh — while the visitors were among them— it would be all very well, bat u coon as they were gone it would all disappear. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He eincerely trusted such would pot be the ca*s in this instance, and that some means would be found to keep tbe matter alive, for the present state of affairs was a disgrace to a Christian people. The Bishop said hitherto they had only heard one side of the question. They were very much indebted to the gentleman who had pointed out one or two obstacles, and he should be DIeased if others would follow, so that they might look the difficulties in tha face. Mr. F. B. Koch spoke at some length on the subject, prefacing bis remarks by stating if they looked through history they would find that the downfall of a nation was always preceded by its carelessness as to its religious observances. That w»s a fact which would be patent to all who had ever taken the trouble to look into the matter. He thought there waa no system of education so good and so perfect at they had in Queensland, (hear, hear), but however good it might be from a secular point of view it lacked one great and important tiling, and that was instruction from the Book of Books. He had no wish to trespass upon the creeds held by other denominations, bnt he simply wished that the history of the Bible should be in stilled into the juvenile mind. They had been asked by one gentleman whether a teacher in a State school should be compelled to teach something be might not believe in. Well, he thought an answer could be found to that question. Tbey all agreed that Queensland was a Christian country, and that at some time or other, every person should re ceive some religious teaching. If there were any ot their State school teachers who did not believe in the truth* of religion — and he should be very sorry to think so — he did not think they believed in anything else, and that fiey would have no more objection to teaching the Bible than chemistry or geography. He should not rest contented until their object had been attained. They would soon be in the midst of a general election, and he thought they should all combine not to vote for any candidate who would not pledge himself to support religions instruction in their State schools. Tbe subject had been so well venti lated that he would add nothing more, bnt be earnestly hoped something would be done before long to settle this important question. The Rev. Beenilard R. Wilson followed. He said for his own part he waa disappointed with the course the discussion had taken that night. There moat be another side of tbe question, and he, for one, was distinctly given to understand that it was to be represented that evening. He had looked in vain for the opponents to religious instruction in State schools. It «raa hardly fair that this was so, because he had hoped, with others, that tbey were to be told where tbe objections lay. One gentleman alone had asked two questions, for which they ought to feel indebted. Still he did not consider it fair to let the matter come to a close without some attempt being made to point out what the answers would be to those questions which His Lordship had re ferred to as very pertinent to the subject. The questions were centred round one par ticular point— What about the rights of the minority ? To that there could only be one answer — tbe same as given in all questions of politics, or differences of opinion between two parties : the minority must give way to the strength of tbe majority. As a matter of fact, on this important question, anyone who had thought it out fairly would be perfectly aware that this cry of a small minority was the com bination arrived at between ignorance on the one hand and prejudice oo the other. There was not the slightest doubt as to that — all the opposition to religions education in State schools was the combination of ignor ance aod prejudice on the part of the many. They asked what about the rights of the minority, and he replied, what about the rights of the majority? (Hear, hear.) It was an extraordinary and ridiculous fact that on these matters of religion a majority of at least seventy'five per cent were hopelessly handcuffed and tied down by a small minority who did not represent twenty-five per cent. He contended that the rights of the minority were respected at the polling station through' out the country, and he challenged them to assert their rights when occasion presented. But he went even further, and suggested that they were even further rcBpected. As in England tbeir schools were managed by bodies of gentlemen elected for for that purpose, and there was every opportunity for all shades of religion and sectarian belief to be represented. Mr. Wilson then went on to refer to the religious instruction imparted in the State schools in England, remarking ttwt -mly ia one case, Birmingham, was tbe introduction of the Bible forbidden. There was an attempt to introduce a code of moral law which obtained the name of the ' Birmingham Bible,' bat it vas ot no use. The effeet waa so serious with regard tolthe young, that tbey had to come back to the Bible. He would also reply to the gentleman who had asked the question, that according to the Act, the religi-jua instruction would be limited to one part of the day, and according to the ' con science clause,' it would be within the power of parents to refuse to allow their children to come during that time. With regard to the teachers, he thought that was dealt with by ihe Rev. Mr. Kuddock, and if a saving clause were inserted in the Act, aUowiog teachera who held office at tbe present time to refuse to impart religious instruction if they thought fit, all future teachers could be given dearly to understand that this would be expected of them- There w&e; one point upon which he did not think sufficient had been said. Do let them be dear about what they wanted. Tbey did not want olergymen tu be given the right to go and give religious instruction ia the schools, for that would be perfectly use less. They wanted the teachers— tbe properly qualified persons for each a purpose— to do tbe work. One more word about the rights of minorities. Did they think it fair for one moment that a Government should oome forward and eav that the teachers throughout the length end breadth of the land,— niue- teathf, aay nuiety.niiu.buc4rcdtai of whom bejjevea in some relirion^should be absolutely wbaired from the liberty of private citizens la arointing the cause of religion ? It was an absolute abame and injustice. (Hear, hear.) Talk about the rights of the minorities— let them do something about the rights of the teachers. (Hear, hear.) The present laws were a standing disgrace, and they called for immediate effort on the part of all church men. The Bishop said everything had been put so very clearly before them, that anything he nught eay would be a work of supererogation. There was no doubt the question was a very serious one, and required immediate attention. He compared at some length the educational system in the old country and in Australia, ?ad remarked that a short time since, there was a most interesting article in the Westminster Review on *? Young Australia.' To educate a child did not only mean to fill him with knowledge and information, but to lay the basis of a sound morality, which was only to be derived from Christian teaching. The writer in the Westminster Review Bald :— ' The arrival at maturity of the colonial bom race marks the entry upon an entirely new era in the history of the colonies. The sturdy pioneers and founders have passed away, or are rapidly passing away ; a generation born in the colonies is growing np and becoming the preponderating elements in the State. Something in felt to be wanting, which the younger community *»mi never possesss. The mighty influence of old associations and per sonal contact with the old home are a lost chord. English history would have helped to counteract the effects of this, bnt it is boy cotted.' The writer was no doubt referring more particularly to Victoria and New South Wales, but yet he (the Bishop) could not help thinking it applied elsewhere. Of course the reason for excluding the teaching of Eng lish history was apparent — it was because the history of the Church of England was so interwoven with it, foe it had built np the nation. (Hear, hear.) Those who were fairly acquainted with the subject of reli gions education in the old country would remember that it was the Nonconformist body who asserted that the State had nothing to do with religion. It was to the honor of Mr. Spurgcon that the moment he came face to tace with the question of the Bible being taught in the schools, he flung to the four winds that strict and Bevere logic which Non conformists hold among themselves so re . ligiously, and he declared that, Noncon formist though he was, if the Bible was going to be excluded from the schools of the nation, he would feel it his duty to go up and down the country preaching against such a proposal. (Applause.) He honoured any man who felt that life was something greater than logic. (Hear, hear.) Lord Shaftesbury, whose name was so indissolubly connected with all philanthropic movements, said sooner than his children should be brought up in no religion at all, be would prefer them to be instructed as Roman Catholics. The real question was what did they mean by education ? He submitted that t-hy^iu lay ft)* answer to the whole question, and that if religious truths were to be carefully kept from them, their system might be called a public store of certain matters of useful in formation. He felt sure it was a question over which they were all agreed, no matter what religious denominations they belonged to, and therefore the remedy lay in their own hands. At the present time a most grevious injustice was being done to their young people. There was a very powerful article on the 22nd of October in the Bris bane Telegraph, referring to the article he had mentioned as appearing in the Westminster Review. In dealing with the forbidding of the teaching of English history the writer said : ?* Those famQar with the history of Austra lian education are aware that the * religious difficulty is the cause of this, but is it ques tionable whether any * difficulty' should be ailowed to cause such a serious defect in the education of colonial youth. Every notable nation has recognised the value of its history as an element in the education of its citizens, and Australia cannot neglect it without suf fering incalculable loss. If she is to become a noble Empire, our youths must know some thing of the heroic deeds and wise legislation which has made the British race what it is. And to deal with the problems of the future they must wisely study the history of the past.*' The article was well worthy of per usal, and he thought when such articles were published the Press had earned a considerable debt of gratitude. In conclusion the Bishop said, on behalf of himffplf and the other clergy who had come to attend these conferences, he had to express gratitude at the kind hospitality with which they hid been received in Rockhampton. He need hardly say that it had been a great pleasure to them to come here and meet and discuss these questions. If the Conference was ever held again in Rockltarapton he hoped they would have a more vigorous discussion, and that the opposite side would be repre sented more fully. The debate that night had been too much en one side. (Bear, hear.) He hoped it was not because the advocates of the other Hide had kit that their viewB would be eo easily met that they were afraid to come forward. He was sure if any gentle man had come forward, no matter what views he might hold, he would have received a most patient hearing. i'-o would only Kiy once more, that while they might have wished for a fuller attendance in the earlier sittings of the Conference, the interest evinced by those who had attended compensated for it in some Mr. G. B. Shaw moved a heart)' vote of thanks to His Lordship and the other clergy who had, at considerable trouble and incou venience, attended this Conference, and he was sure it must have been a pleasure to them to listen to the excellent addresses which had been delivered. Be hoped the Conference would be the precursor of many more, and that the good derived would be immeasurable. The rote was carried by acclamation, and the Conference then concluded* 