Police Court. PORT AUGUSTA : JUNE 23 (Before G. Donaldson, Esq., S.M.) James Shaw was charged on remand with forging and uttering an order for £40, purporting to be drawn by John Bowman, of Pernatty station, on H. J. Richman, in favor of George M'Cormack. John Bowman, overseer, of McDougall's Peak, deposed that he was at the McDougall's Peak station in October and September la6t- He paid away the cheque produced to George M'Cormack on September 14\. The cheque had been altered from £4 to £40, a nought being added to the figure 4, and the " four" being altered to " forty." By the prisoner: He remembered the prisoner working at McDougall's Peak, but did not remember the month he left ; never saw him do any writing on the station ; understood that prisoner could not write. He did not recollect prisoner getting any other person to do any writing for him. He had heard of prisoner winning money at the races, and had seen him playing cards on the station. George M'Cormack, laborer, of Yudnamutana, deposed that he remembered getting an order on Mr Richman for £4 from the Manager of M'Dougall's Peak station in September last. He paid the order to James M'Nalty, of Mount Eba. The order produced was the one, but the amount had been altered from £4 to £40. He could not state the exact date of receiving the order. He knew the prisoner at the Peak for about a month, but did not know whether be could read or write. The prisoner wa6 remanded to June 30, in order that further evidence might be obtained. HERGOTT i MONDAY, JUNE 13. (Before G. Donaldson, Esq., S.M.) Mrs Kunoth was charged on the information of M.C. Wbitters with unlawfully supplying to one Thomas Ward, at 113 mile Camp, on April 17, less than five imperial gallons of liquor, to wit, 3 nobblers of whisky. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Thomas Ward deposed that he obtained three nobblers of whisky on the 17th April from defendant, for himself and two others. He put down two half-crowns, and received three shillings and sixpence in change. Defendant called a witness who Bwore that Mrs Kunoth supplied the liquor, but refused to accept payment. Information dismissed. Henry Kunoth was charged on the information of M.C. Whittera with unlawfully supplying less than five imperial gallons, to wit, one bottle of whisky to Thomas Ward on May 8, at 144 mile camp, Strangways and Peake railway line. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined £'25, costs £7 6s., in all £32 6s. The S.M. stated that he intended to do his best to put down sly-grog selling ; and e if defendant came before him again he would inflict a fine of fifty pounds. Philip Smith was charged with unlawfully supplying two nobblers of whisky to Percy Clark, on January 24th last, at Teetulpa. Information dismissed, because more than three months had elapsed since the offence was committed. Mrs Jagoe was charged on the information of M.C. Whitters with unlawfully supplying one nobbier of whisky to Thomas Ward at 125 mile Camp on April 28\. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Ward deposed that he obtained one nobbier of whisky from the defendant on the above-mentioned date, tendered one shilling in payment, and received 6d chunge. The defendant swore thut she did not serve Ward with any liquor, as she had none in the house on that date. Timothy O'Leary stated that he asKed for a nobbier on April 28, but was unable to obtain it. Information dismissed. William Spademan was also charged with unlawfully supplying one bottle of rum to Thomas Ward, at Hergott on April 2\. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Ward deposed that he entered Samuels & Co.'s store on the evening of April 2, eaw defendant, and asked for a bottle of rum, which was eupp'ied to him, he paid Spackman five shillings. George Rifferty stated that he saw Ward leave the store with the bottle of rum, and afterwards helped to drink it* The defendant, William Spackman, stated that he did not recollect seeing Ward in the store on the date in question, and could nut remember selling him a bottle of rum. Fined £25, costs £2 13s.; in all £27 13B. A DANISH GHOST. — A correnpondent sends us, apropos of the " Yanyarrie ghost," the following translation from a German paper:—"The general and most interesting item of conversation amongst the inhabitants of the Danish capital, is that of the haunted house in the Ny Toldbod-gade (New Toll booth-lane). During the night the house is filled with mysterious sounds, knocking on the walls and loud scratchings, which appear to be coming from the inside of the walls. Furniture of all descriptions moves aronnd, a pair of iron chairs standing at the foot of the stairs were thrown up and down the stairs, and similar mysterious things are constantly occurring. The owner and occupier of the house in which these mysterious phenomena take place, is a wealthy Norwegian merchant. A number of persons, amongst many of undoubted trustworthiness, bear witness to the facts related. One of the higher police officers was present when these extraordinary sounds were heard, and saw the chairs thrown up and down stairs. A Spiritualist, who was also present, inquired if any spirits were about, and was immediately answered by the mysterious sounds of scratching and knocking on the walls, and shrill ringing of the bouse bell. The police officer placed a number of his men around the outside of the bouse, and then commenced a thorough investigation, but failed to discover anything that could explain the mystery; he also ordered every person out of the house, and after satisfying himself that he was alone, he alled on the "spirits," who immediately acknowledged their presence by the usual sounds of knocking, scratching, and movng of furniture. The owner tellB some xtraordinary tales of ghostly manifestaions he has seen ; one night a heavy iron tand came floating from an adjoining oom into his bedroom ; he got up and aught this singular and ponderous night ird, and brought it back to its usual lace. His wife and children confirm this ale. Of course the reader will laugh and eclare the whole thing incredible, but e repeat that it is vouched for as true y a great number of people. It is ow said that arrangements have been ade to subject the matter to a thorough cientific inveetigation, g d d t f 