THE PORTFOLIO. SCHOOL DAY MEMORIES. A valued contributor to Mercury Junior, " Arab," who is not at all a junior now, but has had long knowledge of the world and its ways, sends us the following interesting account of his school days in Ireland. Public school boys and . girls who enjoy such splendid means of education as the Public Instruction Act, or the liberality and devotion of their parents and their pastors supply, will be pleased to compare their experiences with those of "Arab." He says I am going to give you a scrap of my school days' experience, which I hope will not be uninteresting to your readers. Some incidents of my school life I have forgotten, but I will give you as truthful a description of it as possible. The school I at- tended was one of the Church Education Hibernian Society's Schools, under the supervision of the Church of England, and was Protestant in principle, but open to all sorts, Protestant and Catholic alike, who chose to send their children to it. There was no Roman Catholic School in the parish that I knew of at the time: some of the Roman Catholic boys read the Bible with us at the reading lesson, while others of them, that the parents would not allow to read the Bible, sat in their seats till the lesson was finished, but they were taught their own Catechism by them- selves. Whether this was done by the authority of the minister or not, I never knew, as he had all control of all the schools in the parish. He visited us regularly, and heard us read and repeat the CatechiBm. The Inspector came occasionally and examined us. Inever knew where he came from, nor did I ever hear what report he gave us, but we were always prepared for him by being kept at the one lesson for about a fortnight, so that wa could repeat it off the book. The first and fourth class he seldom examined at all ; but the master explained to him the qualities of the first-class-that it was something wonderful, and this was very satisfac- tory. So ended the inspection. The best school in the parish was in the town where the church was. It was a respectable stone building, with slated roof. The master of it was also clerk in the church on Sunday, and led the singing, for which he got a salary. He lived at home, and was quite the gentleman, but the country schoolmasters were a rough lot. Such a one must be a member of the church, and wa3 supposed to teach in the Sun- day school; but when he got among those that knew no better, he displayed his learning immense. It oozed out of his very fingers. But the country schoolmaster was a fraud, a very knave, not equal to some of the boys in the second class in our Public schools in New South Wales : ho was ignorant, uncultivated, a boor, he deceived the parson and the inspector, and the parents of tho children. Most of the masters lived with the scholars. When such a master would go to a house to stop for the night he would givo the parents a lecture on the qualities of the boys. It waa amusing. " Why, there is little Jimmy : he will be a credit to you 5 there is not a boy in tho parish his equal. And, as for Tom, he will shine some day, but Jack beats the lot." Thus he went from house to house, pouring out the oil of flattery as he went along with- out exception. He was a veal fraud. MoBt of the people in the country were too poor to send their children to the town; besides the dis- tance was so great in some cases that they had to be satisfied with the country. The school I went to, although in the country, was above the com- mon : thirty feet long and fourteen wide, and two large windows in front with shutters to cover them. It was hip-roofed or cottage like in appearance, with four couples to hold up the roof. Instead of the rafters being up and down, they were across from one couple to the other. A rope ran along the ridgepole ; wattles being fastened to it that lay across the ribs. It was then covered with straw, then thatched with straw, the thatch being fastened with scollops, the eave cut so that it looked respectable, with a fire place in the end. But it was found of little use, as it was too small and had to be shifted to the middle of the floor. They mado a largo bolo in the roof, cut the bottom out of a creel and mado a chimney of it, fastened straw around it to keep the wind out, so that the firo was of greater service to the scholars. Sometimes in the winter we suffered terribly with tho cold : our feet would bo numb m our boots, our hands powerless. Very often we could not write, and, if wo got to the firo it did us very little good. If a boy lived a long distance from the school, his father brought a load of turf for him and that did the season ; if there was ne load brought for him the boy had to carry three or four turfs every day, or he would not be let to the fire. Country schools in general were nothing but j hovels. If the Irish schoolmaster was sober some people said he was afraid of losing his billet, but the drunkard c»uld get a school any time, as that was a proof he was the real Simon Pure. Most of the masters lived among the people one day in each house. If he had 100 scholars it took him a good while to go his rounds, but he never went to some of the people that were poor, and in the case of those that could not entertain him lordly the sin of the father was visited on the boy in school for the least offence with a French sally rod, a species of willow with brown bark, but so tough you could roll it round your arm. While the Bon of the well to-do could do as he pleased, thrash the poorer boys, act the tyrant as ho pleased, the master winking at it. In the winter the boya came from far and near, se that the school would scarcely hold all that came ; some of them quite young men ; and I have seen a boy eighteen years of age trying to learn the Primer. But in the summer all the Bcholars that were any use at home had to leave, myself among the rest. Some to drive the plough, others to work on the farm, some to mind cattle, and so there was none left in school but the small children. The master got no halary : all he had was the school fees, one penny per week for each, or thirteen pence per quarter, so in summer his screw was very small. We had to attend Behool the six days of the week ; we goi no recess or dinner-hour in winter ; we got a dinner-hour in summer, and the length of the hour depended on the distance the master had to 1 go for his dinner. That was to the house he stopped in the night before, as he always com- menced his day in the evening. Wo had no clock, but sometimes we got two or nearly three hours if ho got into a good yarn. While he was away, we pegged tops, pitched buttons, shot marbles, or played common. This was with a stick, about three feet long, crooked at the one end ; we used a lump of wood, turned in a lathe, instead of a ball, with two hail doors,_the same as in football. The big boys paired the small ones, and made them fight a fair stand up, and the boy that re- fused to fight, or was a coward, as wo called him, was kicked and cuffed about by the smallest boy in the school. Very often, when the master came back, our appearance was greatly improved-some with a sign above tho eye, others with a nose like a lobster, while the growth of some of their mouths was immense in such a short time. He scarcely ever corrected us for our bad doings, as he always liked to see a stand up between the boys himself, and this'was well known to us, but he would be going to flay us alive, but that ended it. I described the school outside : I must now go inside : we hod a clay floor, often very damp, one desk that would seat twelve boys along the side of the house where the window was, forms all round the walls with one across the house. We had no block board : the society found us Bibles and Testaments and Catechisms, the scholars had to find their own copy book, slates, pencils, and ink, and whatever books they chose, as a boy could read JEsop's Fables if he liked. We had a board called a pass, hung by a string to a nail in the wall inside the door, one out wrote on the one side, all in on the other. If a boy wanted to go out he turned the pass one out, when he came in he turned it all in. Some one stole it, and we had to use the shinbone of a bullock, carryiit with us when we went out and bring it in again. All the scholars were allowed to learn their lessonB aloud ; the hum of the children could be heard some distance from the school, but inside it was a caution. About 48 years ago in the land where the grass growB green in the Black North I started with my primer to taste the first fruit of the tree of know- ledge. I got a taste of the tree as well as the fruit occasionally, but I did not relish it much ; the fruit was the worat that ever was turned out by the hand of man. And here I must do like the crab, go backwards to explain the organisation of the school. The classes were just the reverse of what they ! are in our Public Schools here. Our fourth class was all . the small children commenciner in the pilmer, tho third class used a book called " Read- ing Made Easy," or as we called it " Read-a-ma -Daisy," the second class used a book the Unt versal Spelling Book, read the Testament, wrote in a copy book, and summed out of the Gough The first class when there was one in the winter, came to perfect themselves in what they had learned It waa supposed the master could be of very little use to them, as they were a marvel of knowledge already There was very little notice taken of the fourth class , the master sometimes gave them a lesson m the day, and sometimes none They had to teach themselves or let it alone, so they were generally a long time m the class The third clasB got three lessons each Boys or girls came up separately, said their lesson themselves, the master correcting them But tho third, a spel- ling lesson of two syllables, was the great lesson of the day The class fell in m a line on the floor, each gave the master a pin as a stake At the end of ' the lesson, the boy or girl that was head of the class got half the pins, the second half of what was left, tho third, the remainder all but one, the fourth, his stake If a boy had no stake, ho had to go to the bottom of the class and Bpell his way up The second class had to learn half a square in the Universal Spelling Book, as a home lesson, and to repeat it off the book m the school, write, sum, and read a lesson in the Bible The first class generally taught themselves, and did as they liked They had the desk to ait at while the boy m the second class had to write the best he could, sitting on a form A boy's rig m the second class was a copy book, slate, writing board, a poncil hammered out of a piece of lead to rule the copy- book with The paper was thin, badly glazed, and hard to write on , also a rule, inkbottle, Gough's Universal Apellino; Book We did not leam grammar, there was none taught with us, no geography I never got a geography lesson in school m my life, and scarcely knew the meaning of the wold , 1 wrote no dicta tion, no parsing, no analysing, The boys wrote none on slates, the first writing a boy did was in a copybook, making pot sticks, then crooks, then m s and n's, then the letters of the alphabet When he could »ake those pretty well, the master wrote him a head line, so he finished the copy When they were done writing, each came up separately and said his home lesson, after that to sum Everybody wrought separately, although in the same class there was not two of them working the same sum, ao the boy that could go ahead could do fifty sums m the day if he liked If he could not find the answer to one of the sums he went up to the master to show him how to do it He would take the slate, look at it, give him a stroke of the lod, ordei him to his seat, call him the greatest dunce in the school, or born to promote the growtr of the hemp so he had to skip it over, if none of the other boya could shew him how to do it There came a master to the school, and he was famed far and near as a scholar One of the boys working ra practice had a sum he could not do, he went to the master to show him The master took the slate, commenced at it, worked till leave time, but could not do it, and he was the best master we I ever had out of seven ia my time. The first work in the morning tho master mended the pens, made out of a goose quill, then wrote the headlines, so the boy got his copybook on his writingboard, sat down on the form, put it on his knee, and wrote his copy. If the master happened to be in the mugs, when he came to the schcol, he sat down, laid his head on the desk when tired nature's sweet restorer soon had him in the land of forgot fulness. After three or four hours ho would shake himself up, ask what was the time of day, haye a smoke, and seem pleased. When he waa sleeping, wo were in our glory : some filling a pen with spittles throwing it on others; somo playing pins, others sticking pins in those alongside of them, some playing fox-and-geose, others hoggings, aome at top castle, others playing hard knuckles. AVo kept a watch for fear anyone mignt como in and seo the schoolmaster, if wo mado too much noise and woke him up. Those nearest to him got what we call tally, and always thoso who did not deserve it, but the whole school was disorganised for the day. The mode of punishment for the bigger boys was to pull up their trousers, and whip thom on the shins, but if the master was in a hurry, he was not particular where ho laid the rod. Sometimes he would have a sleep on the seat, leaned forward one leg over the other, his chin on his chest, the billy hat bent forward to an angle of 45 degreeB. The Irish boy is very sensitive, good-natured, quick to learn ; ho will divide anything with his friend, help him to do his lessons, fight for him, but a bitter enemy, and for any wrong done him he will have revenge if possible. Ho goes to school with his mind well stored with talcs of witches, fairies, wraiths, leprechauns, yahoos, banshecB, and all shades of ghosts. He hears how handy his father is with his knuckles, how ho thrashed Dan Kelly, three stone heavier than himself j of the ex- ploits of his grandfather, great- grandfather, his uncles, and all his cousins. When he is leaving school he believes there is not a boy in th« island his own size, but he is able to thrash. When it was near leave-time every boy had his cap under his jacket or in his pocket, his books tied up waiting for the word to go, and then all rushed for the door in a heap like a flock of sheep without «ither order or discipline. When I was about fourteen years of age it was time for me to leave school. I had went nearly through the Gough, did what sums were easy, skipped the hard ones and went ahead, but any boy that could do tho five common rules wanted no more: he had enough, and a girl that could read common print was quite a scholar, so I left school a prodigy of education. I was looked on as something wonderful, so I was vain of the praise heaped on me, while I could not parse a line out of the spelling book, did not know the noun from the pronoun. My education would make a horse laugh to think of. The people got me to write letters for them to their friends abroad, love letters at home ; but when I think of the composition of them it was enough to make a graven image weep. The National Schools had now struggled into existence, but they were not in much favour, as they were called priests schools, so most of the people were prejudiced against thgih, but they were a great improvement on the Denominational Schools, and in some veors they took the lead and nearly all the denomi- national schools had to be closed. As they became the favourite schools with the people the masters of them had to go to Dublin to be trained, and when they carno back the old schoolmaster was looked upon as nothing compared to them. When I was in England in the depot coming to New South Wales, there waa not ten per cent, of the young men that could write, but at the present time it would be hard to get an emigrant that cannot both read and write. My education was cheap enough but a bad article is dear at any price. 