1I-BEPLT TO CARDINAL MORANi ! : 2 By the Rev. W. S. Fraokleton, B.D. ' Among the sermons preached in Protestant churches, in reply to the Roman Cardinal's slander/on them, the Rev. W. S. Fraokleton, B.D. (Presbyterian), preached to an attentive congregation a closely reasoned and conclu sive sermon at Randwick on Sunday, the 13th inst. He followed the haughty prelate closely; and 'quoted against him the Cardinal's own' utterances at other times, and showed that' the; Cardinal's own Church; was really the Nihilistic organization. He took for his text . Eph. IV., 4, 5, 6. — There is one body and one' Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling \ one Lord,'.one faith, one baptism / one Odd and Father of all who is above all, arid through all, and in you all. 'The 'Reverend Gentleman said To de- mrminH Wilttb 10 uiettuu uy vunouau uuiuu xi» is necessary toBtudy the Soriptures, and espe cially to endeavour to grasp the meaning of that wonderful prayer of the Lord Jesus Christ, as recorded in John XVII., where He pjjays that those who believe in Him, " all may be one, as the Father and Himself are one ; that they may be one in the Father and Son, in'order that the world may believe that the Father sent the Son." This leadB us to con clude' 'ihat the only possible kind of unity prayed for, is a spiritual unity, not organio unity. The unity of the Father and Son was1 a spiritual unity. , They were one in spirit, one in will, one in endeavour. So Christians, then, are those who possess this same spirit of Christ, this same grace which He bestowB, the same Holy Spirit which proceeds from Him. Thus we have ChriBt the head, faith in His atoning sacrifice, the bond 'of union, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the sealing witness. This fundamental truth. iB prominently presented throughout the New Testament Soriptures, viz., that par ticipation in the life that was in Christ, is the witnessing power that assures us of our heir ship of eternal life, and is the true test of discipleship. This participation begets fellow ship, arid out of the fellowship co-labour nhturally springs. This witnessing power iB the" Holy Spirit, which brings the Christ- power into each individnal life. It iB Christ- life -revealed through the spirit that is the sole vitalising power of the Christian world. This truth . enables. us to determine the nature of'_ Christian union. This is the spiritual union for which Christ prayed. Two maxims have been put forth which reveal two con flicting theories regarding the nature of the Churbh of Christ. The first of these theories is the Scriptural one, viz., that where the Spirit of God is, there is the Church.. The second is the theory promulgated by the Churoh of Rome, viz., " Where the Church is, there is the Spirit." In the first, or Scriptu ral, theory, (which is that held by Protes- tantism), there is a possibility of development as the Spirit giveB more and more light to people, so that they are better able to under- stand the meaning of the Soripturee. Thus those people who receive the same illumina tion of1 the Holy, Spirit will naturally come together. Since regeneration does not change the intellect of the individual, nor destroy his reason, certain forms of organisation ancT worship will present themselves in very similar ways to those of the same intellectual b.ent. The Holy Spirit, acting upon the intellect, and bringing conscience and reason i.barmony, enables those with similar .tastes, to offer worship in a similar manner. ThiB doeB not affect in any way the funda mental beliefs. It only affects the way that these beliefs may best be nurtured, and enabled to grow stronger and mere powerful. Let the belief be taken away, and the Church ceases. The Spirit gives the belief ; let the Spirit cease to guide and the Church ceasee. Thus the organization when once formed, exerts its power only as long as it is pervaded by the vitalising Spirit. This vitalising power is exerted for Christ upon each indi vidual who is a true member of the organi sation. The same spirit guides them to the same belief in Christ, to do the same work for Christ, to strengthen each other in their beliefs. This view allows for diversity of organization, but this diversity of organiza tion does not in any way affect the power of th9 indwelling Spirit, neither does it limit ! ; , HiB working: The second, or Roman Oatholio theoryi 'that "''where the church is there is the Bpirit;" by its very nature necessitates that- a' complete, infallible; and unchangeable organi- sation be put into the world at one time, and this organization when onoe originated must so remain unchanged until the ehd of 'time. That this principle is an irioorrect one is proven by the fact that no Church has re mained unchanged. The least change will destroy the completeness demanded, as' Well as the infallibility necessary to fulfil the con dition laid down. This theory supposes that the Church controls the Spirit. Thus this organization would be superior to the life- giving power which enables the organization to work. That is to say, the engine is superior and controls the steam, rather than the steam drives the engine. The organiza tion through which life is manifested, be comes superior to that. life. If this is true, life then becomes powerless. The body- becomes all powerful. ' Such a claim as this< seems to me to be absurd and self-destructive. ""Where the Spirit bf God is, there is the Church," seems the only rational view that can be taken. The Church thus becomes a number of individuals renewed by the Holy Spirit, haying imparted to them the grace of Christ ; united together for common service and: worship of the Lord of Glory, as He is revealed in the Holy 8criptures, It does not need that every organization should be com posed of the same number of members, or: be. controlled by the same rules: The only necessity is that they have the same baptism of the Holy Spirit, and seek the same ends — the manifestation to the world of Christ-life in the human soul. - Thus the Churoh is an organization in which the Divine Spirit reveals to each soul its claim to a Divine origin. It exists by Divine authority, because it does the work which God alone can do, revealing the means of man's redemption from the curse of .the law. Thus the history of the redemption of the fallen race, through the power of the Holy Spirit/ becomes the history of the mani fested Church, no matter by what name the Churoh may be designated. The beginning of the Church commences with the first reve lation of the 8pirit. The beginning of the distinctive Christian Church commences when ' the Holy Spirit first brought home to the individnal heart tbe power of Christ s sacri- fice. As long as this pure scriptural belief was held, all went well ; but as soon as evil men saw the power which they might wield through using the Church for their own aggrandisement, they seized that opportunity, and the purity of the Church was po'lrited. The teaching of Scripture was superseded by the teaching of men, with the result that the maxim was propounded that, "Where the Church is, there is the Spirit of God." Thus they claimed to have the custody of the Spirit, and the power to impart or witliold His influences from the individual as they saw fit. The Spirit cannot thus be bound. In various lands men, led by Him, proclaimed the truth of Scripture, and a new era dawned. The liberty of the Spirit enabled them to form organizations in which they conld more easily meet and worship, and they -formed these organizations. But each and all wore per vaded by the Holy Spirit. He was their vitalising power Adaptability to circum stances became one of the new laws evolved, and thus tho surroundings determined in a manner the nature of the organization. This did not affect in any way the fundamental truths taught. The same faith in the efficacy of Christ's work, the same guiding Holy Spirit,; the same hopes, the same ends, the same aimB pervaded all of these organizations; The Churoh grew, tbe same fundamental truths were believed and taught,' but they were stated in different ways, so that they could be understood and grasped by the people amongst whom they were promulgated t These various statements of the truths of Soripture are not'different as to. doctrine, but only in the way of the presentation of the teaching. Thus all these organizations form only one body,, by the sealing of the Holy Ghost m spiritual baptism; And all thuB pealed are members of the great invisible Church— that is the purchase of the blood of ChriBt. The one object of eaoh life in thiB Churoh is to know Christ and keep His com mandments. The unity of the various organizations is the fellowship of the Holy Spirit, and all that possess thiB fellowship are members of the true Church of God. Dr. Mtoran says that "the union of Christians is akin to Nihilism." Nihilism is that system which denieB God. does not believe in the existence of the soul, will not accept of any distinction between good and evil. This is philosophical Nihilism. If our defi nition of the Church is true, then certainly we cannot be classed as philosophical Nihilists, for the very foundation of the Christian Church to which we belong lies in a belief in God; and an accountability to God ; also a belief hi moral evil, and also moral good ; elBe redemption; would not be necessary. The sacrifice of ChriBt would be meaningless, the work of the Holy Spirit useless. But a be lief in a soul must exist, else the Holy Spirit could not work, for His work is only con- nected with the souls of individuals. Thus all these negatives of Nihilism are the very affirmatives of the Christian organizations, wherein the Spirit is forming the great invisible Church, Through this pervading power of the Holy Spirit in the individual, the individual becomes superior to tbe organi zation, aad thuB an individual iB enabled to go forth to work for the redemption of other . souls and the destruction of moral evil, so that moral good may take its place. Nihilism b thus precluded in our Christian Churches. Nihilism is only possible when the organiza tion is superior to the individual ; or, to put it more plainly, Nihilism is only possible when the organization : states what , the individual is'to believe, and demands that. itsYdeolara- iions 'aro to be accepted by the individual ! unqnestioningly . - Thus intellect, reason and iWill are. all, obliterated;, and the individual beo'omes simply an automaton, to' work out ther commands of the organization. Such teachings as these "are the teachings of the Church .of which' Dr. Moran stands as the. chief representative. In the Roman Catholib Church alone is Nihilism possible. Look at some ;of the utterances of Dr. Moran. Just after, the Jubilee riots in the Town Hall last June, he read a speech at Manly, reported in the Sj/dney Morning Herald of June 13th, 1887.- His reading it proves that it was a premeditated speech, not a slip, i In this speech' Dr. Moran said: "Men have banded together, and formed associations tbe better to assert their rights, and secure the fruits of their industry. . . . Why Bhould they not do so ? Religion is harmony itself, and harmonizes, everything with which it unites. Without it Trades Unionism is a disturbing element in society, ' leads to savagery, and becomes subversive of every principle of social order." This subversion of social order is just what political Nihilism attempts to do, and the thing that he says does this is the very thing that is. commended by him. Thus you see that the charge is not one void of foundation", hut that if any organization is to be charged- with fostering Nihilism; it is that organization to which Dr. Moran belongs, and of which he is the head. ' In the same speech we read : "It iB also a characteristic of the progress of onr day that those who toil and labour have claimed their privileges, and asserted their rights ; why should they not do so? " Thus in this not even philosophical Nihilism is taught, but that worst form of Nihilism that produces disturbance — the destruction of vested interests without com pensation. Only where the teaching is incul cated that, " Where the Church is, there is the Spirit," only there is it: possible for suoh anarchial te'aohingas these to be promulgated. Two days later, Dr. Moran, writing to Lady Carrington, saying that it was impossible for him to be present -at the meeting in the Exhi- ' bition building, where the people showed their loyalty, and commending the Queen's Fund, writes : " The charity appears to me to be a very deserving one, and at the present moment, when the Demon of Discord has endeavoured to stir up dissension in this city it is a most cheering thing to see men of every Church and every creed, banded . to gether to promote this charitable . work." Thus he commends in June what he. anathe matizes in November.' If his assertion made last week is true, then be must have wished the failure of the Queen's Fund, for he com mended the union of all creeds in this work, when according to bis lately expressed belief, that union could only end in the destruotion of anything it undertook, and Romanism never changes its belief; Again, on August 7th", at Petersham, this same Dr. Moran said: "No one could say that any opposition was offered by the Roman Catholics to any movement or agitation having as its aim and objeot the preservation and perpetuation of Christianity. As an instance, he would ask, in the great burning question of the day — the question of education — if the Roman CatholicB had re fused to join and co-operate with the other denominations, in asserting and demanding that religious principles should pervade the education system of the colony ? He would mention a ciroumstance, perhaps not generally known, to Bhow that the Roman Catholics were no party to dissension in regard to any effort made to Christianize the schools of the colony. The Protestant Bishop of Sydney, when he arrived here, spoke as a genuine ex ponent of the Christian principles of religion, in the publio addresses which he delivered, He (Cardinal Moran) took occasion to call on Dr. Barry, and tell him, on the part of the Roman Catholics of the colony, that he would be delighted to associate with him in assisting and giving praotioal effect to those principles to which he (tbe Bishop) had given utter ance. On that occasion he told Dr. Barry that he had no desire to assume the leadership, but would most willingly follow him in any movement calculated to bring about the establishment of the principles of religion in publio education. If there had been any dissension which had prevented united action ; if .there had been any selfishness, any want of principle in this matter, the blame could not certainly be laid upon the Roman Catholic body." So here again we find him trying to destroy the State Schools by uniting with the Protestant Bishop. That is if his theory of union ib the true one, this is Nihilism indeed, acoording to Cardinal Moran's own idea. Having failed to obtain union, Dr. Moran cries out against others uniting. I simply leave his own statements, "one against the other, and commend to his consideration the Eroverb, Mendacem memorem esse oportet. In is celebrated speech of last week he says " that the unity of the Roman Catholic Church stands out in conspicuous contrast to others." But what is this unity within itself? They claim that the Church is one and infal lible — it never changes. Yet in 1540 the Jesuits were reooghised by Pope Paul, and In 1773 Clement XIV., in nis celebrated Bull, suppressed this Society in all the States of Christendom. This was done, so the Pope declared, "to preserve the peace of the Church." A little more than forty years later, Pius VII. rehabilitates them, and in less than twenty years after they became such a trouble and burden in the Romish organi zation that to keep them from fighting the world was divided between them and the Mauriets, I might cite tbe times of battle between Franciscans and Dominicans, when Thomists and Scotists fought for pre eminence, and were half their time I at-, ?aoh other's throats,; ...even.. perecu-„ t'hg. each other,-, until - these two bodies " of - monks had at lash to make a truce in order to resiBt the Jesuits' encroachments. . Arid the same jealousy- exists to-day in the Romish aect, so that the world of missions is divided between Jesuits arid Maurists. ' This is the t boasted unity which stands out in suoh strife- ing. contrast to Christianity. The Cardinal' said : ' Their Protestant neighbours. were ! aspiring to some kind of unity, not very '; clearly defined, and they were doing so.ovi-'j dently , because of the elasticity of their , religious opinions and professions, which didr not bind any of the seots to any particular form of belief. They were now desirous .of C joining hands among themselves on tho few' i points of general belief upon whioh there ': was unanimous agreement. This union wasv a species of Nihilism whioh would surely L bring abouHhe wreck and ruin of what frag- ' meniary principles of Christianity they pos-" sossed." It needs not that I point out to you'; that evidently the life of 'seclusion and limited ; amount of Protestant literature which has been brought under Dr. Moran's notice, unfits ; him from giving a correot judgment, or cer- . tainly he would never have been led to make ; statements so utterly void of foundation in, truth, as to say that we had thrown aside the .- creed and teachings of the Ohnroh of Christ, t Certainly, if our definition of: the Churoh is-' co!?eo'; an( Scriptural one, and we think ' that all honest and reasonable minds muBt ! acknowledge it to bo so, then the organiza-" tion to which Dr. Moran belongs is riot: the f Church of Christ, and it is no wonder that? they tea oh error, and that it is even possible f for them to to teach Nihilism ; not only reli-,' gious Nihilism, but secular Nihilism, at the;' same time doing no violence to their oreed. ' It is against the promulgation of such teach- ' I?IS' and in the interest of the preservation of J the State, that the various branches of the r' true Christian Church seek to combine, and ' such a combination is possible. Our beliefs; are not fragmentary. Wo, all believe that; the sacrifice of Christ was offered up onoe for i all. We all believe in the Scriptures as tho J oolfiiifallible rnlo of faith arid practice. We' all deny the power of any organization to 1 bind the conscience of the individnal. We'1 all believe in tho duty of striving to lift up ' fallen humanity, and the giving to it of ar purer mode of .life. We all believe in Christ as our only model of life. We all believe in' the guidance of- tho Holy Spirit, not com-" mnmcated through any human agenoy or;! r ct'za''on' n'; directly sent from Father, and Son. Wo all have one common hope, viz., eternal life through Christ ; one common' motive, self-sacrificing love for Christ. We all take Christ's sacrificial love as the true measure of Christian love. In one word, wo- might say we all believe in the Fatherhood of: God, the Brotherhood of Man. If Dr.: Moran and his Church also believe in the! Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of' Man, we ask, Why then all this anathema- : tising of ns as heretics, and decrying our' union as one meaning rain and desolation ?" We, as Protestants, are striving to hold up' Christ as the one example of what man should1 be—the revealer of the Fatherhood of -God! and the Brotherhood of Man. And we feel! that upon this common platform wo may all" unite for work. Thus in all efforts put forth; for the elevating and ameliorating the con-> dition of onr fellows, we can work together.; It is the same spirit that animates us all. Wei may differ as to the methods of reaching thisr desirable end, just as we may differ as to the1 organization ihat is best adapted to prodnoe the desired result ; yet we can aid eaoh other in tho work. Ono organization may possess the power which another may lack. We arej brothers, and assnoh are ready to aid each' other in all Christian endeavour. This does not necessitate organio union, nor do I think organic union desirable. But I do long fori the time when there shall be an interchange of pnlpits, more outward fellowship amongst all the organizations that accept the Scriptures as , the only infallible rule of faith and praotice, the Holy Spirit as the vitalising power whioh makes these Scriptures effective in revealing Christ to the world as the only Lord. When this shall come to pass, then \- indeed will the Churoh of - God striae in its true glory, and march forth as bright as the noonday sun, and as terrible as an army with banners, to conquer the world for thiB One Lord. God hasten the timet Toleration is what we need ; toleration for each other's leculiar ideas ; but no toleration for. evili The time has passed when any organizatiou can claim with- tho least hope of being be lieved, that it alone possesses all the truth ; that it alone is the true Church ; that, within its pale alone is salvation to be fonnd. Faith no longer gives blind obedience to the utter ances of men. Faith is only begotten by the Holy GhoBt, and this common faith in ChriBt thus begotten is the animating principle of the trne Church of God in the earth. Brethren, let as go forth, each endeavouring to do all in his power to commend this faith of Obrisc to the world, realizing that in deedB of Christ-like charity and forbearance, the most acceptable revelation of God's Father hood, man's brotherhood, alone can he shown forth. In this work we all may unite, and I trust we all will unite until the cry of th'e world shall be, "One Lord, one faith, one baptism ; " and echoed baok from heaven shall come the song of the angels, " One God, one redeemed host, one eternal inheritance.'i This indeed will be the culmination of the Great Invisible Church, the united Christian army of the Ascended Saviour, our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom be glory, now and for ever. Amen. Shew the "Protestant Standard" to your friends and ask them to subscribo to it. 