CURRENT TOPICS. TuE annual sale in connection with the Launceston Show was this year held at the Elephant and Castle Yards, when there was a good attendance, and Mr.W.H.West brook was the officiating auctioneer. The inclement weather had a dispiriting effect, and the biddings were not brisk. There was a long list of blood and draught stock submitted to competition, and the following sales were effected. Thoroughbred stallion 0.C., by Panic, dam Heater Grazebrook, to Dr. Haines, £50; Trafalgar King, pure Clydesdale, to Wm. Laing, £100; hack and harness horses, £22, £18, £15, £14, £14, £20, £10 10s, £25; cart horses, £17 10s, £20; pagnal cart, £24 10s; dray, £10, and a lot of harness. In addition several sales were effected privately. We understand that Mr. A. M' Winnie's Clydesdale stallion Country King was sold privately to Messrs. John Mann and Co., of the Oaks, for a high figure. Ms,. A. HELLICAR who, as previously mentioned, is leaving the management of the Bank of Australasia in Launceston to take a similar position in the Sydney branch, was on Wednesday night made the recipient of a testimonial in the shape of a handsome marble Italian clock, having a suitable inscription engraved on a silver plate. A few of the officers of the Bank of Australasia in Tasmania met at the Inter national Hotel, and tlhe presentation was mnad by Mr. C. T. Brewer, manager of the Latrobe branch, on behalf of the officers on the Tasmanian staff. He also pre sented Mr. Hellicar with an address ex pressing the esteem with which he was held, not only by the officers of the bank, but by private individuals. Mr. Hellicar replied at length, thanking the donors for their kind present, and saying he would always look on the gift with pleasure. Mr. Hel'icar leaves Launceston for Sydney on Thursday next, and Mr. E. H. Babbage, formerly inspector in New Zealand, has been appointed to succeed him as manager of the Launceston branch. AT thel Launceston Police Court yester day Mr. H. T. A. Murray, P.M., presided. Isabella Stewart, a girl 11 years old. was charged with stealing a cloth vest on Wed nesday last, value Gs, the property of B. J. Lamb, and was remanded until Saturday. Ellen Roe, a young woman, was committed to prison for 14 days as an idle and disor derly person. George Horder, jun., was charged with stealing, on September 8, at Launceston, a milch cow of the value of £10, the property of Wm. L. Sutton, and Frank Horder was charged with aiding and abetting in removing the cow on the 16th inst. well knowing it to have been stolen. Mr. E. G. Miller applied for an adjournment of the case for a week, as his father, who had been retained for the de- fence, was professionally engaged in Hobart. This was consented to on the guarantee of Mr. Miller to pay the ex- penses of the witnesses who had been sum- moned. Our Scottsdale correspondent forwards an account of recent coach accidents which had previously reached us from an outside source. Owing to a jerk over an unfinished culvert on Monday breaking a bolt and let ting the coach on to the horses' heels, a bolt resulted, ending in a capsize, the pas sengers being thrown into a running gutter near the Brid river, but the immer sion was the only damage aust.sined. On the previous Saturday a sudden jerk on a had piece of road near Springfield threw the driver off the coach, but the pluck of a lady passenger on the box seat spurred a male passenger to successfully under take what she was going to attempt -climb along the pole and secure the reins, which had been jerked on to the leading horses. The horses were then pulled up near the summit of the hill, and a serious accident averted. The energetic secretary of the rifle club has retired, and his place was to have been filled on Thursday evening, but the un favourable weather prevented the rifle corps from assembling,and the election was postponed until the 22nd inst. The club is greatly on the increase and numbers about 50 members, who are for the most part doing some steady practice for the forthcoming matches.-Dr. Richardson de. livered a lecture in the Mechanics', on Tuesday evening, which was listened to with great interest, the title being "Hypothesis of Evolution."-Two lawyers are new settled in our midst, and are doing their best to work up a business. TnE usual fortnightly meeting of the Milton Hall Literary and Debating Society was held last evening. There was a good audience, and Mr. A. H. Davis pre sided. The feature of the evening's enter tainment was quite an ihnovation. It con sisted of the reading of a series of anony mous original tales specially written for the occasion, the copyright of each become ing the property of the society. It was intimated to the audience that if they judged particular contributions worthy of preservation they would signify such by applause, and if they thought any were not worth keeping an absence of demonstration would consign them to the waste paper basket. The following were the titles of the compositions, which were read in the order named :-" My Tale," " Brockleton Hall," "Nenha's Cave" (a translation), "The story of the solitary apple left on the tree," " My first love," "An original boy," " Ghosts," " Light and Shade," and " How I came to spend the jubilee at Samoa." Amongst so large a number of' evident maiden efforts there was a wide margin of merit. Several of them, however, were written with literary taste and power, and all of them were successful in passing the critical ordeal. Messrs. A. Evershed and E. M. Law officiated as readers, and a very pleasant evening was spent in listening to the varied productions. The chairman, after a few appropriate remarks, expressed the hope that a similar treat would be in cluded in the bill of fare for next session. A Parliamentary debate will take place at the next meeting. "LonoFroRDn NOTEs" writes yesterday (Thursday) :-Tie committee appointed by the Council of the Northern Agricultural Society to receive tenders. and deal with the same, met at the Blenheim Hotel this morning, when the following were ac copted:--James Goss, of Creasy, for lun cheon booths and open bars in the pavilion and yards; Mr. G. P Brumby, for confec tioner's booth. For a band there was great competition, six tenders being sent in, and that of the Perth Band accepted. Particulars re tables, stalls, etc., will shortly be advertised by the secretary, Mr. T. R. Arthur. From Mr. Fred. H. Gibbs, secretary of the proposed library bazaar on show day, I learn that at a meeting of the Ladies' Committee,recently hold, it was decided to hold the bazaar and Bruce auction in Christ Church school room." TUE annual meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Cycling Club was held at the Royal Tasman Hotel last evening, when there was a fair attendance of members. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. Still. The report and balance-sheet were read and adopted, the balance-sheet showing a substantial credit balance. The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing year:-President-Hon. T. Reibey, M..A.; vice-presidents-Rev. A. Champion, Messrs. W. Hartnoll and W. Sidebottom, Ma.H.A., C. Tulloch, B. P. Farrelly, J. Powell, R. F. Irvine, and S. C. Sadler; captain, Mr. W. Ford; vice-captain and E bugler, Mr. E. Spotewood; treasurer, Mr. t WV. Fowler; secretary, Mr. E. G. Miller; s committee, Messrs. Robson, Leoming, f Laredo, and Row. The chairman inti mated that on account of the lack of in- v torest taken in the club runs during last a season they had decided not to present the y attendance medals. A discussio. resulted as to whether the medals should be con tinued, the meeting ultimately deciding in the affirmative. It was decided that in future the subscription should be 7s Gd for town members and 5s for country. After a conversation, during which the desirable ness of obtaining a second sports ground for Launceston was pointed out, it was resolved that a committee of three should be appointed to confer with the Launceston Bicycle Club with a view to the formation of a new bicycle track on the Launceston Cricket Ground. It was decided that in future a club run should be held fort nightly instead of twice v week, as for- I merly. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring secretary and the chairman, and the meeting terminated. Our Westbury correspondent writes yesterday that an inquest was held at the Commercial Hotel there on Tuesday last, before Mr. D. Burke, coroner, touching the death of Ethel Marion Reid, a child three years and four months old, who died from poisoning. Rachel E. Reid, the mother, stated she had noticed her daughter retching and vomiting on Sunday evening last, and hearing from her boy that his sister had sucked some matches, she sent for Dr. Roome, but the child died next day at 12.30 p.m. Dr. Roome stated he found the child ill, the effect he believed of sucking phosphorus from matches; he ordered oil of turpentine and magnesia to be given as an antidote; on Monday morning as he saw the child was sinking he ordered soda water and brandy, and sent some barley water, and on calling again at 1.30 p.m. the child was dead. After the Coroner had reviewed the evi- dence, the jury returned a verdict—" That deceased came by her death by poisoning from phosphorus from sucking lucifer matches, and not otherwise." Much sym- pathy is felt for the parents in the loss of their interesting child. Dr. Roome was unremitting in his attention to the suf- ferer, and stated that one-third of a grain of phosphorus would be sufficient to cause death, and that the phosphorus on three match heads would kill a man. The sad event has its lesson of warning to parents to keep match boxes out of their children's reach. Messrs. R. J. SADLER (Master Warden), R. J. M'Kenzie, E. L. Ditcham, and T. H. Urquhart, members of the Consolidated t Marine Board, returned by the express from Hobart yesterday. The Launceston witnesses in connection with the trial of the Marine Board v. Kennedy and Sons returned by the same train. On Formby correspondent reports on 21st inst.:-A general meeting of the Formby Cricket Club was held on Tuesday evening at Mrs. O'Meara's hotel to adopt the rules drawn up by the committee, which were read and passed. The trea surer announced having .£9 3s cash in hand. Mr. S. J. Padman was elected vice president in the place of Mr. D. Cocker, whose multifarious duties prevented him occupying that honourable position.-A public meeting of those interested in the Formby Progress Association is called for Thursday evening in Mr. Cowle's Hall, when the rules will be submitted and members enrolled. - New buildings are springing up around us, and the township is dotted with scaffoldings. TuE funeral of the late Mrs. William Gunn, of Glen Dhu, who died at her resi dence on Monday last, took place yesterday afternoon, the place of interment being the Presbyterian Cemetery. A very large number of mourners and friends attended, the former including Messrs. W. Gunn, Warden of Brighton, and Ronald Gunn, sons of deceased; Messrs. W. C. Simmonds, Warden of Richmond, and W. T. Bur Sowee, civil engineers, sons-in-law; and Messrs. William and Frank Allison and Master Burrowes, grandsons. The Rev. J. Lyle conducted the services at the grave. The St. Joseph's Band, of which deceased was a warm supporter, and which had been in the habit for many years past of playing at Glen Dhu on Mrs. Gunn's birthday, attended the funeral in uniform, in com pliance with a request made by her a short time prior to her decease, and at the grave played "The Dead March in Saul." TESTerDAY the weather was very bleak and inclement. Rain fell heavily during the forenqon, and in the evening the sky still wore a very threatening appearance, a bitterly cold wind adding the discomfort of the sloppy streets. Our Hobart corres pondent telegraphed that rain fell at the capital during the greater portion of yesterday. Tue City Band will commence a series of sacred concerts on Sunday afternoon next at the Depot grounds. The concerts will commence at 3 o'clock. Oun Cressy correspondent writes: -I hear that the plans are out for new school at Blackwood Creek, but not for our now postand telegraph office at Cressy. In our notice in last issue referring to the successful results of the Launceston examination in the theory of music for Trinity College, London, we omitted to mention the candidates from Miss Murray's t school were prepared by Miss Amy Richard AT a meeting of the commitatee of the Southern Tasmanian Football Absociation held at Hobart on Tuesday evening, it was announced that the Geelong and Carlton Clubs would visit Tasmania nexort season. A resolution was unanimously carried to the effect that it is undo sirable in connection with future intercolonial visits to give or take dinners. A letter was read from the secretary of the SVictorian Football Association in reference to the proposed visit of a Southern Tas. manian team to Victoria in 1888, and stating that the application had been noted and would be favourably enter tained. STnE usual half-yearly meeting of the SStar Tent, I.O.R., was held at the Recha. f bite Chambers, Temperance Hall, on Mon Sday evening, when there was a large attendance of members. Bros. T. Johnson Sand M. Donnelly were appointed as Sdelegates for the New Year's Day demon Sstration. The following officers were installed for the half-year: - IChief SRuler, Bro. A. E. Betta; D.R., Bro. G. SLayton; W.S., Bro. J. Lloyd (re-elected); SW.T., Bro. Castley (re-elected); C.S., Bro. t Docking; B.S., Bro. Pasmore; W.L., Bro. ,Mills, junr.; W.G., Bro. Quarry; P.W.C.R., SBro. Budgeon. Bros. Johnson and Donnelly t were appointed auditors. a FRno particulars given by the' annexa Stion party that recently visited the Ker n madee Islands, it appears (writes the Dune f din correspondent of the Argus) that Sun e day Island, the largest of the group, is a about 4000 acres in extent, wooded every Swhere, and running up to' a height of o 100ft. The soil isvery rich. Thereisone , large but extinct crater, part of Swhich is filled by a fresh water lake. Water is rather s. ree. . There is only one bay, and it is ca of Sfrom the rest of the island, so that there is only practically an open anchorage. It is P on this island that the Bell family have Staken up their abode, and they have about 1 800 sheep. Macaulay Island isabout a mile I long andlaboutthreequarters of amile wide, a being about 500acres in eitent. Though covered with a beautiful sward of grass no water was seen. There are me number of a wild goats on the island. This island is in. \- accessibleexcept in two places. Curtis Is s laud is described as like a chimney top to a Svolcano. The crater is about 200 yards in . dianieter. Several active fumaroles were 1 to be seon,and a strong stream of hot water swas seen issuing. The rest of the island, Swhich is about 50 acres in extent, is amere Y mass of barren rocks, and this description I applies to L'Esperance or French Rock, 538 Smiles to the south of CurtisIoland. SIt is notified in another eqqlna that ths Columbia Skating Rink will te re-opened to. ni.? b . . 