THE LATE REV. HENRY WARD BEECHER. In the death of Henry Ward Beecher the world loses one of its most remarkable men. As an orator, as a statesman, and as a man of versatile literary genius he stood in the very front rank among the foremost men that America has produced. He has done more, perhaps, than any other man of his age to form and mould the present thoughts and opinions ot the great Republic. Year after year, from his platform at Plymouth Church at Brooklyn, his potent voice has been heard speaking to all the States of the Union. He has been beloved by many, hated likewise by not a few, but whether they have loved him or hated him all have united in admiring him and fearing him. Henry Ward Beecher belongs to a family which is notorious for inherited genius. Old Dr. Lyman Beecher had a numerous household of thirteen sons and daughters, and it is a curious fact that four of them have a place in the volame entitled "Men of the Time," and in Appleton's "American Dictionary" six of them axe stated to have "attained distinction," chiefly as speakers aud writers. The fitful fire of genius was so conspicuous in this singular family that an American wit gave a new version to Sydney Smith's joke by dividiog humanity into men, women, and Beechers. The family waB one of those sturdy Puritan households that have had BO sturdy aud wholeEome an influence on the social life of the Republic. The ancestral head of the family landed in New Haven in 1638, and carried to the New World that love of liberty and that intense hatred of wrong which was so characteristic of the Puritan emigrants. H. W. Beecher was the fourth son of Dr. Lyman Beecher. He was born on June 24, 1813. His sister, Harriet Beecher, Stowe, is one year older, and she survives him. Beecher was thus in his 74th year, but till a week ago there was no sign of failing vigour about him. In a speech which he delivered about six months ago he told his hearers that he only knew that the greater part of his life was already spent " by counting" and not by any apparent decadence of health. His power of sustained oratorical exertion, in which intellect and fancy, and imagination and humour, all had full room for play, was as great at 73 as when he was 40. In this he reminds us of the great English statesman Gladstone, who seems to be as young as ever he was in spite of his white hairs and many years of service. Beecher naturally became a student, and as naturally found his way into the ministry. " We were six sons, I know, in all, and not one of them escaped from the pulpit." He graduated at Amherst College in 1834, and studied theology under his father in the Lane Seminary, Ohio. He was too eccentric to become a technical scholar, and frem the first had a liking for picking up knowledge in a more discursive way than his methodical father liked. Many curious stories are told of his youthful freaks when a student. He was brimful of poetry, and fancy, and fua, and his peculiarities would show themselves to the great scandal of his reverend seniors. In 1837, the year after this colony was founded, Beecher began his ministry. He entered upon it with his characteristic energy. His first field of labour was a Presbyterian Church in the " far west" in Indiana. There he acquired that love of the breezy country which has been so characteristic of his career as a busy citizen of New York, and which has afforded him so many apt illustrations as an orator. From Indiana he was invited in 1847 to become the minister of the recently formed Congregational Church in Brooklyn. Mr. Beecher took hold of the public from the very first. The Church building was crowded to its utmost capacity to hear this young genius who had been brought out from the western prairies. During his second year at Brooklyn the Church was destroyed by fire. A new edifice was quickly laiacd In ita plaoo, Trliith is doocribed as very large, very plain, and very comfortable. JLake pastor like Church, for a more unconventional ecclesiastical structure hardly exists, and a more unclerical parson could hardly be found. From the pulpit of that Ckurch he has been speaking to the world for forty years. He had a notion that the spirit of religion was meant to touch and illumine every department of life, and that piety was intended to irradiate a man in private as well as in public, in business as well as on Sundays. This led him to deal with all sorts of topics in the pulpit, and when the Union was convulsed with the debates and exciting events which preceded the memorable Civil War, Beecher at once and without hesitation or reserve threw his whole force into the scale on the side of liberty and patriotism. His sermons on Sunday evenings became political orations, in which he used every power that he possessed to sustain the courage of those who were fighting for the preservation of the Union and for the liberation of the slave*. They were reported in the daily Press, and were telegraphed to every leading city in the States, and their appearance in print was one of the noted events of every week. At that time (1863) public sentiment in England was much divided, but the preponderance of feeling in the old country was decidedly adverse to the cause of the North. Beecher felt that England ought to be on the side which he advocated, and that the attitude of hesitation which characterized the Press of Great Britain was the result of ignorance. He left America to confront English opposition by the magic influence of his earnest oratory. His campaign through the chief cities of England reads like a romance of modem chivalry. Opposition and prejudice melted before him. By one touch ot his magic wand he seemed to disarm those who confronted him. The story of his exploits at Liverpool have become historical. Liverpool was intensely animated by a partisan admiration for the South. In the Philharmonic Hall, and again in St. George's Hall, he fought the foes of his country. He was face to face with a great crowd, which greeted him with hootings and yellings and all sorts of taunts. For three hours he faced that storm of abuse, and not only faced it but quelled it. An American biographer speaks of him as " a strong-winged bird matching his might against the storm, now soaring up to overcome it, now sinking down to undermine it—now dashing in its teeth—now half choked in the gust of its fury, but always moving onward, and in the end riding triumphant on the very crest of its wildest billows." This is rather "tall talk," but it aptly describes one of the most heroic scenes in the history of oratory that has ever been recorded. A similar success attended his appearance before the London public in Exeter Hall, when he carried his entire audience with him, foes as well as friends, and made all feel that England as the champion of liberty ought to be ashamed of herself for showing sympathy with the designs of slaveholders. As a matter of fact the visit of Beecher to England saved Great Britain from committing what would have been" a grave political blunder in recognising the Southern Confederacy. Beecher is known as a writer as well as an orator. His versatile pen has produced sermons, lectures, theological treatises, novels, and newspaper articles. He has been editor of four different newspapers devoted to the interests respectively of religion, politics, and agriculture. His novel called "Norwood," though marked by infinite humour and quaint description, was so loosely constructed that it suffered by comparison with the' more famous tales of his Bister with her "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and " Dred." His most serious and philosophical work waa his "Life of Christ," but he was so dissatisfied with his first volume that he never completed the work. TTjq published sermons extend to ten volumes, and it is in them that we seem to get near to the man himself, for thoBe sermons were taken down by reporters, and so have far more of what is characteristic of Beecher than the works whiih he wrote in the calmness of his literary leisure. The evening of hi3 life was overclouded by a terrible assault upon his moral integrity. In 1874 Mr. Theodore Tilton. who had been hi3 friend for many years, turned upon him with a dark and fearful accusation. This matter was brought before the Law Courts, and damages were laid by Mr. Tilton agaiast Beecher for $100,000. The J ury refused to convict by a large majority. A committee of the congregation, composed of shrewd hard-headed New York men, investigated the matter, and reported that the charge was without foundation. This was an immense relief to the many thousands who were accustomed to regard Beecher with more than common reverence; but the shadow never quite left his fame, and even on the occasion of his last vi-<ifc to England there were a few who received him with a very cautious aud hesitaciug welcome. In spite of this, however, he was welcomed in every part of Great Britain last year with an almost universal enthusiasm. His sermons, lectures, and speeches delivered in the course cf his tour through England have been collected and published, and they evince no failure of hiB power, either of thought, or feeling, or expression. It is not for us to enter upon any criticism or even any statement of Beecber's theological views and his controversies with rival thinkers. He was an advocate of liberty and of progress in the domain of theological enquiry, as well as in social and political matters. He was, however, intensely conservative in his advocacy of all that was manly, and noble, and generous, and honest, and Christ- like. Be feared neither man nor devil when he felt called upon to defend the cause of virtue, or purity, or integrity against self-interested opponents. He seems to have had in hiB mental constitution & singular combination of opposites. He was gentle and kindly and sympathetic, and yet seems never to have known what it was to be afraid of anything. The Churches of all denominations will mourn the loss of Beecher. He belonged to no sect in particular, and was the friend of alL He stood forth as the foremost pulpit orator cf this age. He wa3 an American, but his voice was almost as effective in England as in his native land. He fought a battle for liberty in which all the world was interested, and if we only contemplate in Australia what would have been the effect on the history of the world if the American rebellion had been successful, even we in these colonies have reason to reverence the great name of Henry Ward Beecher, and to be thankful to an overruling Providence for the work that he has accomplished. GILBERT AND SULLIVAN'S, NEW OPERA.— For some time theatregoers have been waitng patiently for particulars of Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera. During the rehearsals even the strictest secrecy has prevailed as to its name and description, in order, it is alleged, that American theatrical pirates might be baffled. "Ruddygore, or The Witch's Curse," is the title of the new opera, which does not treat of an Egyptian subject as waB at first supposed. It is stated 1 hat some enterprising American hearing that Mr. Gilbert had visited Egypt went to that country and purchased the most costly Egyptian dresses in anticipation of playing the " Khedive," which proved to be a canard.. The production of this opera will cost £6,000 or £7,000. Some of the military costumes will coBt £180 apiece. Mr. Gilbert has informed a contemporary that he has never seen one of his own plays acted for fourteen years, owing to excessive nervousness, which he admits grows upon him every day. The Pall Mail Budget gives the following outline of the new opera:—" Ruddygore is a burlesque of the old melodrama. The scene is laid at the Cornish fishing village of Rederrin, somewhere about 1812. Sir Rupert Murgatroyd. of Ruddygore Castle, wasl a wicked baronet, given to burning witches. But one of the writhing dames cursed him and his race from the stake. She says :— Bach lord of Boddvgore, Despite his best endeavour, Shall do one ciime, or more, Once, every day, for ever! When the story opecB we find the real representative of tne Murgatroyds, who has the " manners of a Marquis and the morals of a Methodist," hiding under the name of Robin Oakapple in Rederrin, whither he had fled to avoid the dreadful penalties of the witch's enrse. Bat Robin is betrayed to his younger brother. Sir Despard, who has borne the weight of tbe witch's curse for many years. In the second act we find Robin groaning under the weight of the family curse, having exchanged places with his brother. The Ecene is laid in the picture gallery of the Murgatroyds, its walls nung with the portraits of bygone Baronets. To them the unlucky Baronet appeals. Then the stage darken*, the family portraits step down from their frames, soldiers and divines, and bid the Baronet of Ruddygore Down upon the oaten floor, Down upon those knees of thine ! Coward, poltroon, shaker, squeamer. Blockhead, sluggard, dullard, dreamer, &c.t; Then the ghost of Sir Roderick steps down to the strains of wild and solemn music, the stage is dark, and Sir Arthur's baton is tipped with a ball of fire. Robin is then put through an examination as to the crimes he has committed. What crime did he commit on Monday? None; it was a Bank holiday. On Tuesday? Made a false incometax return. That's nothing at all ; it's expected cf you. Robin'8 crimes are unanimously voted ridiculously inadequate, and he is told to take away a lady. 'I'm not a Bart, of that sort,' replies Robin in rather a risky line. Eventually, by the usual Gilbertian process of reasoning, a way out of the difficulty is found, the "ancestors marry the chorus of bridesmaids, the two brothers are also made hamrv. and so comes the finale." iNtw MUSIC.—We have received troai I»ix. J. Woodman, Rundle-street, a copy of " The Blue Pacific Waltz " by Hecker, published by Nicholson & Co., Sydney. The composition is tnneful and quite within the powers of an ordinary pianist, and should be popular, but the subject is by no means marked by originality. It is strongly suggestive of "The Blue Alsatian Mountains" and " II Bacio." A local production has also been forwarded to ns, a " Funeral March," by Signor R. V. Squarise, bearing the inscription " In Memoriam to his late pupil and friend George William Reinecke, expressly composed for his funeral." The lithography of this is not marked by accuracy or such evenness as type-printing secures, but the music is evidently from the pen of one who understands the art of composition. The March is short, written in two movements. It is not specially attractive as a pianoforte piece, but affords scope for an effective scoring for a brass band. 