ZABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLI AN BLACK. Author of " Macleod of Dare," '• A Princess of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER XX. IK LONDON AI:AIN. This was Janie Wygram who was making her way np a dnsky and narrow little staircase in a house in the Strand, and wondering the while what had induced the newly married pair to pitch their dwelling in the very centre of the gteat city's turmoil. Then Bhe gained a landing. There was an open door Defore her; and the next moment this was no other than her beloved Sabie who had eagerly caught her by both hands, and dratru her into the light, and kissed her, and was smiling and langhing with gladness to see her again. " And I know what you're thinking, Janie —that we've gone stark, staring mad to come and live in such a place. Oh, but you have no idea how convenient it is. I can pop down to Hnngerford Pier in a couple of minutes—the Charity Organization Society is quite close by—there's Charing Cross Station handy for Fred—and Wateroo not so far away." At the first mention of Fred Foster's name the rather bewildered Janie involuntarily looked round ; and Sabie instantly understood that mnte interrogation. " Fred's gone down to Lillie Bridge," she said lightly. As plainly aB possible Janie's little glance of surprise said—" He has left you already— alone in London, too ?" but she was a prudent lass, and held her peace ; and Sabina (whether or not she had noticed that look of surprise) continued cheerfully enough :— " I suppose he'll find some friends there, for he's not coming back till the evening, and so I thought I would use the day for my own purposes. That is why I wrote to you, Janie, dear. I want you to come and help me in getting a few things for the rooms. Comfortable little rooms, aren't they ? And one need never be dull either; j ust look at this." She took her friend to the window, and showed her the busy, noisy thoroughfare, with its continual stream of passers-by, its shopB and pavements and sandwich men, its cabs and vans and omnibuses, its ceaseless movement and kaleidoscopic groupings. "When I'm left a poor forlorn grasswidow," Sabina said, " I can always amuse myself there. But you know, Janie, I shan't have much time for moi)ing. Come, shall we go and begin our purchases at once ? I want to get a few pretty things, and some useful things as well, just to make the place trim and snug. Fred was no use in the way of advice ; the only thing he could suggest was a cellaret." All this time Janie had been quiet silent; but now she took Sabina's hand in hers, and regarded her with tender and earnest and wiBtful eyes, and said :— " Ah, you don't know,,Sabie—how glad I am—to find you so—so—so happy—and contented." "Why, you dear, good, silly creature;" Sabina answered, good-humouredly, " what did you expect ? Did you expect to find me sitting with a dagger and a bowl of poison before me ? Come along now, and we'll get our ehopping done ; and then we'li come back here to have a bit of lunch ; and you will tell me all about my friends down in Chelsea." And so they set forth ; and soon they were both engrossed in that important business. At the same time Janie could not fail to perceive that Sabina seemed determined to be scrupulously economical, and betrayed a quite new desire to have money's worth for her money. Formerly she had been distinctly freehanded—even to carelessness; but now questions of small savings were considered ; and more than once she contented herself with a eecoDdrate article, in spite of Janie's protests. On their way back to the rooms in the Strand she even made some little kind of apology. " You see, Janie, if I am to have aby margin at all to help my poor people down there, we must be very prudent" in what we spend on ourselves, Idaresay, in time, and with care, we may make a little nest-egg, just in case of emergency ; but at present it is pretty much hand-to-mouth ; and I know my father won't alter his resolution, whatever Fred may think. That hundred pounds my father gave me for the wedding outfit just made all the difference to us ; you know I spent as little as ever I could, and out of the balance I paid for ab these things we have been buying; and 1 lent Fred twenty pounds this morning; and even now I have another fiveand-twenty left. So you see when I come again to visit my friends down there I shan't have a quite empty purse." " You lent Mr, Foster twenty pounds this morning ?" Janie was startled into saying, "Oh, well," Sabina rejoined, with her usual good-nature, " he chose to call it a loan. I don't suppose our united fortunes will be so great that we ne ed keep an account between us. I suppose that trip to Cornwall rather impoverished him—the driving is so expensive there ; when you get married, my dear child, don't you go"to Cornwall." " How very business-like you have grown, Sabie !" her friend exclaimed—perhaps with a touch of disappointment. " A married woman, my dear, has her responsibilities," Sabina answered, briskly, as tney were ascending to the room. " And the first of these at present is to decide what we ehall aend out for, for lunch. Better still— we'll ring for the landlady, and ask her advice." It was quite like old times for these two to be having a frugal little meal together ; and of course there was a great deal to be talked over concerning the futures and condition of the poor people who had been temporarily under Janie's charge. Nor were other friends forgotten; and at laBt Sabina said :— "And what about Walter Lindsay ?" Janie looked up quickly. " Why, surely you know he has gone to America!" " Oh, yes, I remember his speaking about it," said Sabina. " His speaking about it," Janie repeated, with something of reproach in her tone ; and then she added, with a bit of a sigh, "Ah, well, Sabie, I suppose it was not your fault that you did not care for him." " But I did care for him," Sabina answered, warmly, " I cared for him very much indeed. He and I were always the best of friends. I hardly ever knew any one I liked morewhy, how conld it be otherwise ?—he was so generous, and manly, and courteous in every way. And BO pleasant in manner—I tell you I liked him very, very much indeed." "He loved you, Sabie." Sabina hesitated for a moment, not knowing which way to take this. "You Bhould not say such things," she said, quietly, " There's no harm in saying it now," was the rejoinder. " There would be harm, if it were true," Sabina said, quickly. " And I knew that you had some fancy of the kind from the way you kept on talking about him. You mistook the very frankness of his friendship for something quite different." "Sabie, I'm telling the truth she cried. " Why, he worshipped the vary ground you trod on ! There never was a man loved a woman more than he did you. He thought of nothing else but you; night and day he was contriving to do you some little kindness —or even to keep himself in your remembrance. Loved you ?—yes, I should think he did—you will [never meet with a love like that again, if you live for a hundred years." j " Janie, you forget!" "No, I don't forget," Janie said, piteously, " but 1 want to speak just this once. I think I it is cruel—he goes away, without a wordwell, that is just like him—up to the last he had no thought or wish but for your happiness ; and now, when vuu talk of other people—you—you mention him just as an ordinary acquaintance, and you've half forgotten that he's gone away to America. I suppose he would prefer that ; it was always his way; whatever was best for you—that was all he thought of. I went to tell him when you got engaged. I suppose I was rather put about. I had expected other things. But would he say a single word— except of kindness for you ? No ; he made me promise to remain your friend whatever happened ; he made me promise to make the best of everything; he had nothing to say about himself, though I could guess well enough." "And so you think you are making the best of everything, Janie, by telling me all this?" " I don't want him to be quite forgotten. I don't think it's fair. You would have remembered if the moBt ordinary acquaintance had gone away to America ; and this man— the noblest man that I have ever met with— he goes away from hia own country—and with a broken heart, as I take it—and you scarcely remember" — "Janie, don't make me angry," Sabina said. " I tell yoa I remembered well enough his intention of going to America ; we talked of it on my wedding-day; and he was as cheerfnl then as you might be now, if you had only a little common eense. Come, come, put that folly out of yoiir head, and let me know if yoa have heard anything about him since his arrival—1 should be glad to hear of him now and again—E suppose he has friends over there?" "Friends! yes, I should think so!" said Janie, proudly. " You should have seen the aecount of the dinner they gave him at one of the artists' clubs in New York—father got the newspaper, but I don't know who sent it —and they said such tine things about him, and spoke of his making America his home. But I know better than that," Janie continued, with an air of authority, " I know better than that. He meant it one time, no doubt; and he meant to sell his house and studio ; and he asked me to go up one afternoon and help him to pick out keepsakes for the people we knew, before he sold everything off. Well, we were getting through with that—and we have all of us got something to remember him by—father, and mother, and all of us—when he came to the Chippendale cabinet in the corner of the studio. He did not think I saw him; but I did; he took out the cup of rock crystal with the stones round it—you once drank out of that cup,|Sabie" A slight flush came on Sabina's forehead. "It was a piece of nonsense—1 should have thonght nothing of it only that your mother mentioned it afterwards." " Well, he looked at it a long time; and then he pnt it back, and then he turned to me. 'Do you remember the night Sabina came here to supper?' he said—for I had asked him to call you Sabina daring these last few days, when we were talking a little abont you. ' Of course I do,' I said. * Do you remember how pretty she looked when she was up at the corner of the table—the yellow fichu of lace round her neck, and the bunch of forget-me-nots in front. She was very kind to me that night. And do you remember her coming along through the garden, like a pale, beautiful ghost; and her surprise at finding the studio so well lit up. That is where she sat—on the sofa there—while they were Binging 'Shepherds, have you seen my Flora pass this way ?'—yon remember all that evening, Miss Janie?' As if I were likely to forget it! ' Well,' he says, 'it's no use. _ I meant to sell this place, and go to America for good. I'm going to America, that's all right ; but so help me God, so long as I have a shilling left, I will never allow a stranger to come in and take possession of thishonse?' And that is how it stands at this moment; and yet—yet—you say that man was not in love with you !" " Janie," Sabina said, " you talk to me as if you had something to reproach me with— aB if I had done Walter Lindsay a great wrong. Well, you know Walter Lindsay. But BO do I; and I think I know him well enough to make sure he never meant you to speak to me like that." This was a deadly home thrust; and for a second poor Janie became rather pale, and bit her lip. " You may say anything yon like against me, Sabie ; I am quite content when I see you begin to appreciate Walter Lindsay a little." That was all that was said on this subject just then, for lunch was over now, and when Sabina asked Janie what they ought to do that afternoon (Mr. Fred not returning till 7), and when Janie besought her to go down and see the old people in Kensington-square shemoBt cheerfully consented. They spent the afternoon partly in Kensington- square and partly in certain neighbourhoods to the south of that, looking up a few old friends and acquaintances, and then, when Sabina had to return to the Strand, Janie made the voyage with her from Chelsea Pier to Hunge - ford, but could not be induced to go further than that. Some other time, she said, she would call and see Mr. Foster and Sabina together. As it chanced, if she had accompanied Sabina home to those rooms, she would ha7e found Fred Foster in a; remarkably good humour " Ain't we smart!" said he as he came in (Sabina had preceded him by but a few minutes). "Now, 1 do call this uncommonly neat and snug for the middle of London. Oh, Janie helped you, did she? Give her my love when you see her; she's not particularly beautiful; but I consider those people were awfully good to you. Now, Dame Dnrden, what's the programme for this evening ? To begin with, some dinner. The strong point of this arrangement is that we are not dependent on cooks or butlers or anybody who may get drunk and break things ; you wander out into the world of London and dine where you please—the best of food and the best of wine?, if only you know where to go; no bother ; you can entertain your friends, too, when fortune smiles on you. So off you go and make yourself gorgeous, and we'll try the Cri." "The what ?" she asked. " The Criterion. No; let me see ; we'll go to the Caf<£ Royal: there I may have a cigar after dinner. Look alive, for I am desperately hungry." They went to that restraurant, and Mr. Fred showed considerable experience and skill in ordering their little banquet, with its appropriate wineB. Sabina rather took him to task for his extravagance; but he said lightly:— " Oh, you let me alone. I've had a little bit of luck to-day. Well, I don't consider it luck, as I told vou before—I consider it bare justice—it's only getting a little of my property back. Don't you make any mistake— the breast of a partridge and a glass of Pommard were specially invented by a beneficent Providence to go together—don't be a fool, but do as you are bid. I tell you I'm going to look after you, and see you through this turmoil they call fife." Be was quite merry, indeed ; and told her many facetious stories about the two or three companions he had run against during the day; indeed, so lightly did the time pass that it was after 9 o'clock before he had finished his cigar and was ready to leave. " I had intended taking you to the theatre," he said, as he called for his bill, " but that's the worst about play-going in London now the theatres are too popular; you are never sure of a decent seat, unless you solemnly make up your mind a long time before—as if ycu were going to be married, or hanged, or something. Then they don't let you smoke. And besides, you've got to rash away in the middle of your dinner, just when one's inner consciousness feels the want of repose. Now, the music-halls don't give you the highest form of intellectual entertainment—I admit that. It isn't Shakspeare. But, mind you, there's something uncommonly handy in your being able to drop in at any time; always something going on; a cigar, or a drink, when you want it; or an evening paper, to vary the thing. Look here, what do you say to drivirig up to the Oxford for an hour?" " The Oxford ?' she repeated enquiringly. " Yes ; it's a music-hall, don't you know ? Oh, well, it isn't high culture, as I admit; but it's a way of passing an hour ; and then you wouldn't meet anybody—I mean we should get a private box ; no one would know that you were there. And sometimes there's very good singing." " If you don't mind," she said, "I think 1 would as soon go back to our rooms, and see how all our new finery looks." " Oh, very well," he said, contentedly; and so they went downstairs, and got into a hansom, and were driven home. Sabina took to planning, and arranging, and stitching where that was wanted; he applied himself to Dufton's excellent treatise on " Practical Billiards," but soon fell asleep. When he awoke it was half-past 11; and then he proceeded to mix for himself a little spirits and water as an adjunct to his final cigar. CHAPTER XXI. SOME NEW ACQUAINTANCES. Now, there had been a clear understanding, if no formal compact, between these two that their life after marriage was to be in a manner a combination of their separate lives before it. He was to be at her right hand in all her various duties; she was to reward herself occasionally by a little participation in his amusements. He had talked her over into considering this a very sensible and practicable scheme ; and on the one or two occasions when he was allowed to accompany her on her errands of mercy and help, his good humour, his shrewd acquaintance with the world's ways, and his vivacious society, all came in very well. Unfortunately for this ideal co-partnership, however, when they returned to London it so happened that the Cesarewitch and Cambridgeshire Handicaps had just been published, and he was much interested in the discussion of these imposts ; and he was away a good deal among_ acquaintances whom he did not care to introduce to his wife, because their conversa tion was not in the least likely to interest her. Then came the Doncaster September Meet ing. But when he had spoken of Sabina's giving herself a little holiday relaxation now and again, he had never thought of proposing to her a rough-and-tumble journey down to Y orkshire and back. He had thought of a sunny afternoon at Lord's, looking on at a cricket match, or a trip down the river in the steamer of the Royal Thames Yacht Club, or the Oaks, perhaps, or Ascot, or Goodwood—something pretty, and lively, and socially amusing ; not this business-like meeting in' the North. At the same time he considered it prudent, and even kind, to break the news of his going in an artful and diplomatic manner. " DameDurden," said he, " you're a young and innocent thing ; 1 wish you'd pray for the success of Squire Tipton." "That's a horee, I suppose?" she said, looking np from her books—for she now kept minute accounts of her expenditure. " I should say so; and a very good horse too. He's in for the Yorkshire Handicap on Tuesday ; and seeing that he ran second for last year's St. Leger, and that he is as fit as a fiddle according to all accounts, I think he'll do the trick. That's Tuesday afternoon. I suppose I ought to go down Monday night; there's a train arriving about 9. Then the Leger is Wednesday'' " But where is all this ?" she asked, innocently. " Why, Doncaster." And then he added, " It wouldn't be worth your while, would it, to go all that way and back just for these few da>s ?" She hesitated; was it not for him to decide ? " Oh, no, I'm sure it wouldn't !" he said instantly, interpreting her silence his own way. " It isn't a ladies' meeting. I wouldn't advise you to go. A lot of fatigue; previous little amusement. You won't fird the time hang heavily on your hands, will you, till I come back ?" " Indeed, no," she said, with a smile. " There's never a day long enough, it would seem. The truth was that she had now to gather up again all the threads of her charitable work that had been temporarily dropped; and his devotion to his own pursuits left her all the more time down there in Chelsea, in the company of the indefatigable Janie. Janie was not at all sorry that Mr. Foster did not put in an appearance. Why, it was quite like old times for her to find herself going about with her bosom friend; and there was always tea for them, when they wanted it, in Kensington-square ; and Sabie, in Mrs. Wygram's eyes, was just as beautiful, and gracious, and bland, and goodnatured aB ever, and quite as submissive to all the petting that could be bestowed on her. These good people did not seem to be altogether angry when they heard that Mr. Foster was going down to Doncaster, though of course they made the remark that it was pretty early for him to be leaving his young wife. But before Fred Foster went to Doncaster there were a few little matters to be considered. On the Friday evening, when Sabina returned home, she found him pacing up and down the little sitting-room in very evident disappointment. " It's pretty hard," he said. " I suppose I must ask you to lend me a five-pound note" " But I will give it you," she said promptly, and she went to her desk with a light heart. " I'm sure there is not much use in talking of lending or borrowing as between you and me—whatever I have is youts, and welcome." " If you're in such a generous mood," he said, rather thanklessly, "you might make the fiver a tenner, if you can." " Well, I can," she answered, " but it won't leave me very much." " It's very absurd, all this," he continued, in his grumbling way, and he scarcely regarded her counting out the money on the table. " Of course I thought the old man was going to do something, especially after the fnss he made about you. I consider it very shabby. I don't care fcr professions of interest and affection that don't mean anything. Why, it was enough to lead any one into being careless—or, atleast, hopeful—the way they both treated you; and they must know very well that a wedding trip costs something; and I'm sure they couldn't expect me to have saved up a. fortunej_out of my allowance." n 1 " But surely, Fred, so long as we can live comfortably enough, I would not make the relationship too much of a mercenary one?" she said, gently, " I am sure I never thought their kindness to me meant money. And look how well off we are as compared to many. It may be annoying to be in want of a few sovereigns now and again ; but look at the comfort of knowing that our income, however small, is assured. There are the ten pounds ; isn't it enough ?" " Yes it is—for the present; it is the whole situation that seems to me unbearable, and absurd also." " But if you have enough, what more would you have ?" she asked—and she wis inclined to laugh at this spoiled child. " You know, I shall be having my little checue comiag along on the 22nd." " Yes, the twelfth part of £150," he said, bitterly. " Accurately divided to the shilling. No, no ; I tell you it won't do, Sabie. There must be come alteration. We ought to begin as we mean to go on; and it is easier for you to deal with your people than for me with mine; for your father is a very rich man, with whom the money itself can be no object; aDd I am perfectly certain he would do the right thing—what he ought in natural fairness to do—if he was approached the right way." She glanced towards him, and then she lowered her eyes. " Do you mean that—that I should ask ?" " Yes, certainly," he said bluntly. " The very least he can do iB to give you the allowance you had before you were married. Surely there is as much need for it then as now ! That is the very least you ought to ask for." *U.M A faint colour overspread her forehead. " Yoa don't know," she said, in a rather low voice, "what his manner was towards me when that matter was settled—and—how he spoke of you." " Oh, that I understand perfectly well," he said impatiently. " Why, it's the common story. Of course people say nasty things when they don't like a marriage ; and, goodness knows, he's welcome to call me all the names he can think of. But that's neither here nor there. We can't afford to take a little display of temper for more than it is worth. It's only on the stage that parents curse their disobedient daughter, and drive her forth, and keep impossible vows about never seeing her again. Blood is thicker than water, depend on it. I have no doubt your father was annoyed ; I dare say I should have been annoyed if I had been in his place; and, mind, you had been leading him on to be annoyed, I don't understand it at all; you can manage everybody else yon come across— why did you quarrel with him ?" " There was no quarrel that I know of," Sabina said simply, " but we had different ways of looking at things, that is all. When I left the house it was on a quite friendly understanding." " Oh, well, he has simmered down by this time. And really something must be done. Will you write to him ?" " Fred," she said, with a touch of entreaty in her voice, " if you only knew the things he said" " My dear creature, it you paid heed to the things that are said about yon, or thought about you, life would be intolerable ! Let us get to something of more importance than that. £nd the immediate and actual thing is that it is impossible for us to go on in this hand to-mouth way." And yet still she hesitated. Of course he could not know everything of her father's demeanour towards her during that interview, the cold exactitude of his phrases, his contemptuous references to the man who was about to become her husband. He could not understand how eager she had been that he would agree to her renouncing that allowance altogether, and with what a recurrent shame and mortification it was that she felt herself compelled, month by month, to receive money from such a source. And now—to sit down and write for more'! A happy idea struck her. " Besides, it would be no use writing," she said, " for they are abroad at present." "Oh, no, they're not," he said, "begging your pardon. Look at this." He handed her an evening paper, and showed her a paragraph in it :— "Sir Anthony and Lady Zembra have arrived in town from a protracted sojourn at Davos-Platz. They proceed next week on a visit to Dikeley Hall, Suffolk, the country residence of Isambard Zembra, Esq., of Red House, Campden Hill." Sabina recognised the style of the patient chronicler of the house of Zembra—Miss Renshaw, the governess, that is to say—and knew that the information was likely to be correct. "It is a capital opportunity," he said, with a little facetiousness. " They're cotr.inp back flushed with their holidays; they'll imagine you've been cooped up in London all the time ; and surely they will take pity on honest poverty. Oh, don't you be afraid of pitching the supplication pretty strong. What is the writing of a letter? Ten minutes' work—with a substantial reward if you do it well enough. And you may depend on it, it won't be preserved as a record against you. Sir Anthony won't show that letter about; it will be torn up directly he has read it. Why, wouldn't his constituents like to be told that the rich Sir Anthony allowed his eldest daughter the princely revenue of £12 10s. a month, and that she had to write to bim for more? A pretty story for the local journals ; a pretty cry at the next election. No, no; you may make your prayer as pathetic aa ever you like; that ia one thing about himself that he won't have sent to the public Press." Well, for some time she sate in silent consideration, while he lit a cigar and proceeded to scan the contents of the evening paper. And if the truth were known, it was not Fied Foster, nor any of his wants or wishes, that finally overcame her deep reluctance and induced her to write to her father. It was of a great many other people she was thinking—honest, well-meaning people she took tbem to be, and industrious when they had the chance—who yet had fallen into untoward circumstances in the general fight of the world, and had come to look on ber as their wisest counsellor and best and generous friend. The winter months would deal hardly with many of these poor folk. Scant fcod, scant firing, scant clothing would become the parents of illness; illness meant enforced idleness; it was those of them who were too proad to accept of paruh relief who saffered the most, and needed the most ekilful management, if they were to be helped at all. Then she thought of her own little store. Twenty-'five pounds a month used to be abundance; but that was now cut down by one-half; moreover, there were a good many small incidental expenses connected with this modest establishment which she had hardly looked forward to, and which her husband did not eeem to think it was his business to deal with. In point of fact, she had never yet received a farthing from him— though he had bought her presents, and would have bought her more, only that she protested againBt his extravagance. On the contrary, she had lent him from her small hoardings until (as she thought of certain I families she knew) she was almost afraid to see what a pittance was left; and if there I was really a chance that her father would listen? It was scarcely asking for herBelf. It was rather begging for her poor ones. And so in the end she consented to write. And yet, aB she Wrote, she could not help remembering her father's manner to her, and she was not very confident, infident, Nor coulclshe demean herself by >y making too piteous an an appeal. No; Bhe merely asked him to reconsider the arrangement he had made; and hoped that he would see his way to making her the same allowance that he had formerly made her, seeing that her marriage had not interfered at all, and was not likely to interfere, with those little charitable undertakings that nsed to have at least his tacit approval. And she trusted that his annoyance with her over the step she had taken would cease in time; she looked forward to that. ( Sabina handed the letter to her husband. and he took it and read it. " Well, "said toe, lightly, " it's rather a business-like production, and there isn't much of the ad misericordiam, in fornul pauperis kind of thing in it; bnt I dare say j it will| do very well. The old gentleman u too much of a man of the world to continue a g U j r i?L with 1118 da u8bter over a hundred ana mty a year. He rOBe and got hia hat and cane. "Come alone. Dame Dnrden," he said, cheerfully. We'll post this letter so that he'll get it the first thing m the morning, and then we'll drive up to the Caf6 Royal and have a bit of dinner." " Wouldn't it be much cheaper to have some little thing here ?" she suggested, thinking of the lent sovereigns and her diminished Btore. " Not for this negro minstrel. No. I may trust Mother Simmons as far aB a boiled egg goes, or even a chop for lunch ; but no further. Come along, I'm as hungry as a hawk." And very merry and cheerful he was as they went out, apparently taking it for granted that Sir Anthony would consent. Perhaps the borrowed sovereigns in his waistcoat pocket added to bis high spirits ; at all events, when the letter had been posted, he wonld have Sabina get into a hansom—though she was quite willing to walk; and when they had got up to the cafd, and taken their places, he proceeded to order a little dinner that seemed to her quite unnecessarily prodigal. " The question now lies between Burgundy and champagne," he observed. " What do you say to that Bollinger we tried the other day?" " I won't have any wine, thank you," she answered. " Why not?" "I would rather not have any, thank you," she said, Bimply. "Well," that is pretty hard on me," he remarked, with rueful sincerity. " For when we have a whole bottle, I get two-thirde of it; but when I order a pint, it iB only a pint. Come, Sabie, chanee your mind—I want you to drink good luck to Squire Tipton." "Really I would rather have no wine," she said. " Then a pint it must be," he said ; and he ordered that—while she had some water. They had just finished dinner, and Foster waB pulling out his cigar-case, when two friends of his came along, and nodded to him as they passed the little table. The one was a middle-aged shortish man, spare of frame, with a keen, weather-tanned face, prominent blue eyes, and a carefully waxed moustache ; the other a tali young man, with rather flabby, clean-shaven cheeks, very light hair, vacant eyes, and listless demeanour. Both were in evening dress, their light overcoats being over their arm. " Wait a minute, Raby," Foster called after tbem, and they both turned : '' I want to introduce you to my wife—Captain Raby— Mr, Russell" The tall, apathetic young man merely bowed; but Captain Raby said—"Proud to have the honour of making your acquaintance, Mrs. Foster," and stared at her so curiously that she dropped her eyes. " I say, what are you after to-night ?" Foster continued, regarding them both. " Won't you come down and smoke a cigar in my diggings—in the Strand, don't you know ?" The shorter of the two gentlemen was still looking at Sabina—examining her almost. " Delighted, I am sure," he said, " if Mrs. Foster will permit." "Oh, she doesn't mind a cigar or two," Fred Foster put in instantly. " Come along. We'll go down in two hansoms. Tell your man to follow us—we will show you whereto pull up." In the cab Sabina said to him— " Who are these two ?" " The little man is Captain Raby—a very good sort of fellow—and as sharp as a needle. He manages all Lord Tynemouth's turf affairs for him." "I don't like him," she said. " Why, yon haven't spoken a word to him yet! Ob, yes, he's a very good sort of fellow —and one worth knowing." "And the other?" "Russell? Don't you know Russell and Schroeder in Oxford-street ? Of course you do. Not that he has anything to do with the business; it's his happy occnpation to spend the money that has been made in it." " He seems a soft- looking youth," was Sabina's sole comment. " Johnny Russell," answered her husband, significantly, " is a very valuable young man —an extremely valuable young man." When they had all arrived at the rooms in the Strand, Fred Foster became his own butler, and produced cigars, soda water, brandy, and also a pack of cards, while Captain Raby devoted himself to Sabina, staring at her as he spoke. It was sixpenny Nap they were going to play; and nothing would do them but that Sabina should join in; and she, being a fgood-natured kind of creature, consented, though in her manner there was'a trifle more reserve than usually appeared there when Bhe joined a friendly little game at the Wygrams' of an evening. Captain Raby appeared to care very little about the cards ; he played mechanically and indifferently; and was mostly concerned in chatting across the table to Sabina, his talk chiefly consisting of little sarcastic comments about her husband and his wavB and doings. Moreover, whenever Bhe lifted her eyes—as sometimes she did in a puzzled kind of fashion, for she understood the game but slightly, and was oftentimes uncertain as to what she should do—invariably she fonnd his eye& regarding her, and that in a curiously familiar way. He said nothing to offend, but his manner was unpleasant; and Sabina gradually withdrew herself from any conversation, attending to the cards in a perfunctory way, and anxionB only to escape. At last, when the mild youth had boldly gone Nap, and got it too, Captain Raby said:— i " I'll tell you what we'll do now. Three Nap is as good as any. Now I don't think Mrs. Foster is having a fair chance. You haven't played much have you, Mrs. Foster? Well, now, I will come and sit beside you and play your hand for you—give you advice, any way—I would just as soon look on—and we'll see if we can't mend matters a little." He roEe; but Sabina refused his offer on the ground that she wished to withdraw from the game anyway. She had a slight headache ; she would rather leave them to themselves. There was a little bit of a scrimmage after this; the pale-faced youth timidly pleading with her to remain, Fred Foster laughing at her for being a bad loser, Captain Raby almost insisting that she and he together ^ ^ should play vu, the oaiut same uouu hand, wu and lull. rout thlirloM.""Sab^^ ; a little dignity, too; she withdrew from the table to an armchair, and took a book ; and then they continued the game by themselves, with the addition of a half-a-crown pool to increase the attraction. They played late, Sabina wondering the while when they would go. And even after they had risen from the cards, Captain Baby would light another cigar, and would come and talk to Sabina in his gallant way, and promts eto see" that her husband got into no mischief down at Doncaster. Immediately they had gone Fred Foster said to her:- " Well, Madam Dignity, what offended: to- night ?" " Oh, nothing in particular, she said; and then she looked up. " What is that Captain ' Raby a captain in ?' " He was in the militia I believe." I don't think he's a gentleman," she Baid. "Well, I like that," Foster said, with a laugh. " He's Lord Tynemouth's brother-inlaw, at any rate." She made no reply to thiE. "Perhaps you preferred the draper?" he asked. " Mr. Russell ? Yes, I preferred his manner very much. And I suppose he ie no more feeble and foolish than other brainless young men of the same type." " Well, we're in a very hypercritical vein this evening!" he said, looking at her with come surprise. " You'll have to learn, mtf dear, that the world is made up of all sortsf: and one can't have one's friends all turnea out regulation pattern. 1 suppose there are Bome Admirable Crichtons somewhere, but they^don't abound in the Strand; and they won't play whiet to lighten the journey down to DoncaBter. The one isn't a gentleman, and the other is a fool ? Well, fool or no fool, he managed to rob me of three golden sovereigns this evening, that I shall have ta get back from him eomehow or other next week. Three golden sovereigns to an infant like that! No matter, we'll put it etraight next week, I have no donbt. So you go away, i to bed now; and don't forget to pray that your father may arise in a blessed an<| heavenly temper to-morrow morning." 