GENERAL NEWS* Durine the absence from the eo'ony of Herr A. von Treuer, who left by the R.M.S. SuraS on Thursday for a prolonged holiday trip in seaich of health, Mr. C. L. Meyer will dis charge the duties of Austrian consul. The Cunard Variety Troupe repeat their en tertainment at Garner's Theatre this evening, and on Saturday and Monday will perform at Port Adelaide. On Tuesday (Queen's Birth day) they give a special entertainment at Garner's Theatre, and on Wednesday, Taurs day, and Friday will appear at Gawler. The only rainfall registered during the 24 hours ending at !) a.m,, on Friday, May 20, was at the following stations:-Powell Creek, 0 340; Tenant Creek, 0'020; Yarcowie, 0*020. Since his arrival from the Northern Territory the Government Resident (Hon. J. L, Parsons) has been in daily communication with the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) on matters connected with the futura of our distant possession, Among other things dealt with has been the proposed site for the railway station at Palmerston, and it is understood that a spot has been selected. Nothing further, however, can be said on the question at pre sent. The subject of the mining regulations and the land laws of the Territory have also ? been discussed, and as a result of the con ference between the Minister and the Govern ment Resident Bills will probably be intro duced into Parliament at an early date making the amendments suggested by Mr. Parsons, The Bteamer Albany, which was lying at Albany, Western Australia, at the time when Lord Brassey's famous yacht, the Sunbeam, called there, arrived at Port Adelaide on Thursday. Captain James Anthon inform - us that while lying 'at Albany Lord Brassey had an interview with him as to the most suitable place for his vessel to anchor during his visit to Sjuth Aus tralia. Lord Brassey expressed a desire to have the Sunbeam placed in such a posi tion as would allow his family to go ashore whenever they pleased. Captain Anthon told him that Port Adelaide was the most suitable place, and later on Lord Brassey saw Captain Quin, of Port Adelaide, who was on a visit to Albany for the .benefit of his health, Captain Quin says Lord Brassey expressed his surprise at having received invitations from the mayors of Port Adelaide, Semaphore, and Glenelg, and also rfrom the South Australian Yacht Club, to bring his vessel in one instance to theGlenelg anchorage, and in the others, into the Port Adelaide harbor. He could hardly understand why the people should take such a very great interest in the matter, but presumed that it was owing to local affairs, and he desired to know where he could find the most suitable berth for his vessel. Captain Quin, who it should be mentioned officiated as harbor-master at Port Adelaide for upwards of thirty years, pointed out to the owner of the Sunbeam the advisableneBB of taking his craft up the Port River. If she w<*3 anchored off Glenelg, where she would be ex posed to westerly gales, days might elap3e Before he would be able to take the ladies ashore, and if he went up the river the chances were that she would obtain a very comfortable position at the buoys without having any vessels lying alongside. After some further conversation Lord Brassey definitely decided to take his craft into the harbor. The South Australian Yacht Club is in receipt of a tele gram on the matter stating that he intends to tome up the Port River, Our?Gawler correspondent writes respecting the Barossa Goldfields as follows:-"Sim's rush has by no means turned out the ephemeral rush that waa predicted of it. There are still a good many miners at work, and the place shows no signs of decadence. The waifa and strays and the discontented ones have rolled up their blankets and departed, and those who mean steady work are left. I find it difficult to get at results, bnt occasionally I do hear of what is going on. There are a few who are unfortunate, as there always are on the be3t of diggings at the best of times. On Thursday, May 19, I interviewed Mr. Chellow, a miner who has .been working on the Barossa diggings for the'past 18 years. Until lately he has been the partner of Mr. Clode. Chellow and Clode were the prospectors of Sim's rush, and while together were very successful. They have parted company for some time, and Mr, Chellow is working on his own account. He has three claims, one on the hill and two on the flat. He has been working there for some time. He showed me the reBult from the washing of three tubs on Wednesday, There was three quarters of an ounce of nice gold, fine and coarse. He had also in another bottle between 2 and 3 oz. of gold obtained during the week. It consisted of pieces from 6 divt. downwards. He said that last week he sold 2 oz, 2 dwt., and the week before 5 oz, 18 dwt. The biggeBt piece he obtained weighed 17 dwt. 10 gr. For a long time his average earnings have been £14 per week. This speaks well for the diggings. Mr. Chellow has work for a long time to come, He is not alone in his good fortune. There are many who are making a good living, and some who are doing fairly well. He told me of one man, whose name I may not mention, who has washed as much as 6 oz. to the load. In a former communication I said that I was in formed that 2 lb, of gold had been offered for a claim. A correspondent in your contem porary laughed at it and said it was misleading. Any of the claims I have mentioned above are worth more than that amount. The reason why some are unfortunate iB that the gold wash is difficult to follow. Ordinary diggers unacquainted with the ground only take the wash close to the bottom, whereas the gold bearing wash is sometimes on the bottom and sometimes three feet up. In ccnsequence of this many really good claims have been given up. In the deep-sinking the pumps are being fixed, and sinking will be renewed directly. Old diggers acquainted with the country are confident of the discovery of a deep lead." TheJvhole of the curriers who struck at Messrs, Scriven Bros, establishment, Hind marsh, have resumed work. There is nothing fresh to report with respect to the curriers formerly employed by Messrs. John Reid and Sons, who are now on strike. A .meeting of the Curriers' Society will be held either to-day or to-morrow. The following are the Adelaide passengers booked to leave by the M.M, steamer Yarra, which sails for Marseilles to - day For Mauritius-Mr, J. Cruikshank; for Marseilles -Messrs. W. A. Anderson, F, Chauvet, and James Williams. The Hon. H, Scott informs us thatso far as he is awaie nothing has been done by the Melbourne directors of the National Bank of Australasia towards vetoing the election of Mr. Everard and himself as local directors of the bank in Adelaide. The committee of investigation recently appointed have been in communica tion with the Melbourne directorate, but no reply has yet been received, The Conservator of Forests (Mr. J. E, Brown), who has returned from a visit to Kapunda, states that lie expects that the work of tree-planting, on which some 40 men are engaged there, will be completed by the end of the week, This will necessitate the discharge of the men, but Mr. Brown hopes to be able to find employment for at least some of them at tree-planting on the railway reserves and sidiDgs. The secretary of the Marine Board at the meeting of that body on Thursday laid upon the table a return show ix3g the balances of loans remaining to be expended on deepening operations on April 30, The figures were as followsPort Adelaide, £27,348 0s. Sd.; Port Pirie, £10,294 Is.; Port Augusta, £2,909 0a. 5d.; and other outports, £2.23G 15s, Id, . Another seance with the Yanvarie "ghost" is thus described by our Cradock correspondent, writing on May 18 :-" On Monday afternoon several residents drove down to interview the Yanyarie spirit, including Mr. Button, Mr. Lindo, Mr, Haywood, Mr, Reed, and others. All together there were about 30 present, Tiie knocking was again heard, although not so loud as on the two preceding nights. Those present are all convinced that the noises are most unnatural, and that no human agency is employed. The child was to be removed yesterday to Black Rock." Mr, A, C. Minchin informs us that 100 Cali fornian quails arrived here on Wednesday from New Zealand for the Zoological and Acclima tisation Society. Four or five dozen of the birds will be k^pt in the Zoological Garden?, and it is probable that the remainder will be distributed in various parts of the colony. The following animals will arrive by the R.M.S. Bengal to-day:-A pair of aoudads (a kind of sheep found in Northern Africa), a pair of Persian ibexes, a pair of black bucks, a pair of wapiti or whistling deer, and a pair of crane3. On Monday a large American black bear and two pairs of blue and yellow macaws are expected. A remark made by Bishop Goe during his rccent visit to Geelong caused considerable amusement (says the Melbourne Herald). Mr. Harwood, in welcoming the bishop on behalf of the laity, remarked that a minister could not do much without the co-operation and sympathy of the laity. The minister was like a dog's tail and the laity formed the body, and it was the body that wagged the tail. The bishop ad mitted that the illustration was a good one, and that the wag of a' dog's tail always pro ceeded from the body. But in the case of the chinch, he continued with a merry twinkle in his eye, it is very often that the tail wags the body. The following probates and letters of ad ministration were granted at the Probate Office, Supreme Court, during the week ended Thursday, May 19Probates-R. B. Haber mann, near Tanunda, £780 ; Michael Sherry, Quorn, £100; O. G. Piers, Sydney, £200; Robert Davidson, Tothill's Creek, £146; Thomas Leitch, Adelaide, £200; E. J. Hodg kinson, £1,800; Sarah Hocking, Adelaide, £700. Letters of Administration - J. H. Allen, North Adelaide, £100 ; John Robinson, North Adelaide, £4; Elizabeth Jane Davis, TJnley, £200; Robert Whinham, North Ade laide, £350; Maria Appleby, Adelaide, £50; RobertCassiday, Curgo, N.S. iff. (intercolonial), £200. A meeting of the South Australian Coasting Seamen's Union was held in the Working Men's Association Hall, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening, There was a good attendance, and Mr. I. McGillivray occupied the chair. Three new members were elected, making the total number on the roll 571. The Currier's Society wrote informing the union that some of their members were out on strike, and soliciting the union's sympathy. The secretary was in structed to reply, stating that the union waimly sympathised with the strikers, and if they wished any pecuniary support the union would help them. The receipts amounted to £2 2a. 3d, On Tuesday evening a number of gentlemen assembled at the Sir John Franklin Hotel, Kapunda, to bid farewell and wish success to Dr. Pent-land, who, after having practised in the district for several years, was on the point of leaving to carry on business at Jamestown, About 20 or 30 gentlemen Bat down to an oyster supper under the presidency of Mr, J, SiiaLes, Mr. W, Liston proposed the health of Dr. Pentland, and the sentiments he e.\pi'f ssed were heartily endorsed by all present. Dr, Pentland briefly replied, and thanked every one concerncd for the cordial way in which they had spoken of him that evening. Dr. Pentland, though not prominent in public matters, was well knewn in the town, and was very much liked by all who knew him. He has given his services gratuitously to the local hospital for some time, and in other ways he has made himself an almost universal favorite among all classes of the community. He goes to fill the vacancy at Jamestown caused by Dr. Patten's return to England on account of ill health, The committee for the encouragement of native industries met at No. 2, Pirie-6treet, on Wednesday, Stay IS There were present Sir S. Davenport, K.C.M G., Hon. Dr. Camp bell, M.L.C., Hon, S. Tomkinson, M.L.C., Messrs. F. Basedow, M.P., Theo. Scherk, M P,, J. H. Bagster, M.P., R. Hom buig, M.P,, F. E, H, W. Krichauff, M.P., Councillor Wilicox, and Mr. W. B, Wilkinson. The following resolution was unanimously carried" That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that the assistance of the Government should be obtained for the purpose of forming abroad a company or companies for the exporta tion of wines and fruits from South Aubtralia," Sir Samuel Davenport submitted a craft proposal containing a number of valu able suggestions for the basis upon which com panies should be formed, and after an animated discussion the committee adjourned until Saturday next, The following paragraph, which we take from the Toowouiuba. Chronicle of May 12, will be interesting to some of our readers, as there are relatives of the persons mentioned in this colony:-" As briefly announced in our tele grams of Tuesday morning, Mr. A. M. Nesbit was the successful competitor for the prize of 50 guineas offered by the Brisbane Musical Union for the best ode to celebrate the Queen's jubilee. There were six competitors, two from Biisbane, one from Toowoomba, one from Mackay, one from Sandhurst, and one from Melbourne. The judges were Dr. W. S. Byrne, the Hon. W. H. Wilson, M.L.C., Messrs. R. T. Jeffries, W, G. Willmore, and S. Kaye. Queensland has held her own, and Toowoomba has maintained the reputation of the colony. Mrs. Barlow, of the Grange, is the authoress of the words to which Mr, Nesbitfs music is set, and we heartily congratulate both on their success. The-verses are graceful and appropriate to the occasion, and according to the judges the music must be equally meri torious." One of the most amusing papers in the April magazines is contributed to the Century by Mark Twain, who, under the head of "English as She is Taught," presents "a marvellous array of answers alleged to have been made by pupils in American "public schools" to their teachers. A future citizen of the United States (remarks the St. James's Gazette) can apparently define a Republican as " a sinner mentioned in the Bible," and a demagogue as "a vessel containing beer and other liquids." Of the mathematical samples we prefer the ingenious definition of a circle as " a round straight line with a hole in the middleof the geographical, the asser tions that "Russia is very cold and tyran nical," and that "Ireland is called the Emigrant Isle because it is so beautiful and green." The pearls of history are numerous and precious - e.g., "by the Salic law no woman or descendant of a woman could occupy the throne," and "the middle ages come in between antiquity_ and posterity." As a specimen of literary history, take the statement that "George Eliot left a wife and children who mourned greatly for his genius," The science of " Physillogigy is to Btudy about your bones, stummick, and ver tebry." It teaches, for instance, that " the fastric juice keeps the bones from creaking." t must be added that the questions of the examiners are sometimes almost as foolish as the answers they elicit. The Victorian Vegetable Products Commis sion at its meeting on Tuesday examined Mr. Joseph Bosisto, M.L.A., who gave interesting information relative to the producing capabili ties of much land that is now regarded a3 almost valueless. The^4fifereports:-Mr. Bosisto expressed himself strongly in favor of making large reservations of land exclusively for the cultivation of the wattle, which he said wu3 a most valuable tree for industrial purposes. From the golden wattle, he averred, a splendid perfume could be distilled, which would be very saleable in any market. He promised to write an extended statement of the methods of distil ling scent from flowers, and to mention therein such varieties as had come under his notice in Victoria which were suitable for the purpose. The eucalyptus oil factory carried on by his firm he stated to be a profitable business, in which he paid away over £3,000 annually in wages; and he remarked that much money might be made by the cultivation of drug plants indigenous to Victoria, and the sale of their essential oils, Seveial samples of the soils of Spain and France, where the best wines and clarets of those countries are grown, were pro duced by Mr. Bosisto, and described as a guide for the election of suitable localities for the cultivation of the vine in Victoria. All these samples were of a sandy or calcareous nature, and remarkably poor material on which to raise anything else than vines; but Mr. Bosisto said that the opinions of experts were to the effect that colonial wines were too earthy in taste, on account of being raised on specially rich ground, and that until that peculiarity was eradicated our product could never compete with that of Spain, France, or the Rhine pro vinces of Germany. The Colonial Office, through the Treasury, has forwarded to the Marine Board a copy of a new edition of instructions which has been issued by the Board of Trade with reference to the survey of passenger accommodation, crew spaces, lights and fog signals. Some of the paragraphs contained in the previous edition are materially altered, and two new clauses have been inserted. "There is reason to believe," one of the paragraphs states, "that lanthorns and screens constructed and fitted to comply with the regulations are sometimes removed after the surveyor has inspected them, and that at some ports lanthorns are let out for hire at a fixed tariff, are placed on board for the surveyor's inspection, and are removed as soon as the vessel on board of which the surveyor sees them has ob tained a clearance at the Customs, so that one set of lamps does duty for several ships. With a view to the identification by the surveyor of lanthorns already passed he is authorised to indelibly impress some part of the lanthorn in such a manner and with such a mark as may from time to time be. fixed by the board of trade. He should be careful that it does not impair the efficiency of the lanthorn. It should be impressed in a place where the sur veyor is sure to detect traces of it if it is re moved." One of the new clauses states "Where trawlers and other sailing vessels v.-hose gross registered tonnage does not exceed 80 tons cannot with safety and convenience of working carry ..their side lights on stanchions they may be carried in the rigging, provided that the surveyors are satisfied that they are so fitted as to show the lights for the distance and in the direction required by the regulations. This is not to be allowed in the case of f-tearrera." Some information is also given as to the stlec'ion of len3es for lamps. For a considerable time past the shipping business of Fort Adelaide has been falling eff, and the records of the last few weeks Bhow not the slightest sign of improvement. It is not an unusual thing to see upwards of a couple of miles of wharf entirely empty save for the few coasting craft which manage to eke out but a precarious livelihood, On the last day in January the "total number of vessels in harbor was 65, of which 4G were coasters, with a total tonnage of 2,650; six intercolonial with a total tonnage of 2,039, and 13 were extra colonials. On February 28 there were 61 vessels in harbor, of which 46 were coasters with a total tonnage of 3,520, ten intercolonial craft having a total tonnage of 6,293, and six extra colonials with a total tonnage of 3,510, At the end of the following month the total number of vessels in the Port, exclusive of hulks and lighters, wa3 51, of which 38 were coasters with a total tonnage of 2,643, seven were intercolonials with a total tonnage of 4,592, and six were extra colonials with a total tonnage of 5,997. The number of craft in harbor on Thurs day, exclusive of hulks and' lighters and vessels under 20 tons register, was 45, Of these 29 were coasting vessels with a total tonnage of 1,931, nine were intercolonials representing 3,861 tons, and seven were extra colonials with a total tonnage i.of 5,705. The Portonians, notwithstanding the present somewhat gloomy aspect of affairs, are hope fully looking forward to a bountiful harvest, in which case the wharfs will again assume a busy appearance, and the large number of men who for a long time past have been out of em ployment, will again draw wages for wheat stowing ana the shipping of other produce. Miss Edith O'Gorman lectured at the Gawler Institute on Wednesday afternoon and evening. The attendance on each occasion was small. A team of players from the Adelaide Foot ball Club will leave Adelaide for Melbourne on Wednesday next, by express train, for the purpose of playing a series of matches in Vic toria. Nearly all the leading men in tha club have been able to obtain the necessary leave of absence, " Harbor Lights" drew anothergood audience, including many country visitors, at the theatre on Thursday evening, when the applause that greeted the principal characters showed that the popularity of the play has in no way diminished. There will be a special train from and to Mount Barker this evening, A preliminary announcement with respect to the season of Italian opera to commence at the Theatre Royal on July 16 appears in our advertising columns. The subscription season will be for 30 nights, and the prospectus wiil appear in a few days. The subscription lists are now open. It was reported at the City Watchhouse late on Wednesday night that a man named Wil liam Bohn, in the employ of MeEsrs, Bruce and Aldridge, had been knocked down by a horse and cab in Rundle-street east some time pre viously. It appears that Bohn was proceeding to get into a car when he was thrown heavily to the ground by a passing cab. Constable Walsh picked him up. and immediately had him conveyed to the hospital. His injuries at first did not seem serious, the face only appearing a little disfigured, and no danger was appre hended, but he now lies in a somewhat critical state at the hospital, and at any rate will be unable to leave that institution for some time. A concert in aid of the St. Peters town clock was given in St. Peters Town Hall on Thursday evening before a moderately large audience. The programme consisted of 14 items, many of which had much merit, Three pieces were encored, namely, "La Pastorella " (Tyrolese) by Mrs, Johnson James, "Daisy" (vocal polka) by the samelady, and "Anchored" (song) by Mr, J. H. Reed. Mrs, James in an especial degree deserved the reception accorded her for the Bkilful manner m which she controlled her voice, which was particularly noticeable in "Daisy," a piece of some difficulty. Among the other items especially deserving of mention were two violin 80I03 by Herr A. Schrader, who wielded his bow with great ability; two songs by Mr. J. Birmingham were also given in a highly praiseworthy manner. The following is the remainder of the programme:-Overture, Mr. W. R. Pybus; "The old brigade" (song) by Mr. J. Wotherspoon; "My love has gone sailing" (song) by Miss Playford; "Will o' the wisp" (song) by Mr. G. C. Smith; " The gauntlet" (song) by Mr. J. H. Reed; "Reveil des fees" (pianoforte solo) by Mr. W, R. Pybus; and "I fear no foe" (song) by Mr. J, Wotherspoon. An entertainment in aid of a destitute family will be held in Trinity schoolroom this evening. The annual general meeting of the Commercial Rawing club will be hold at the Plough and Harrow Hotel this evening. A meeting of ladies and gentlemen interested in the women's Jubilee fund will be held in the Oddfellows' Ball, Willunga, this afternoon. A meeting to consider the advisableness of erecting a monument to the memory of the late Mr. C. M. Jeivift will be held at Jackman'a dining-rooms this evening. 