THUE BANQUET. In the evening, at Thomas' Oar :rington Hotel, a banclquet took place which was well attended, the room being crowded. Among the guests Ipresent were Messrs. N. Melville, T. Walker, J. Creer, and J. Fletcher, :IMs.L.A., lMr. Langford, President of 'the Coal Miners' Union, Lithgow, Mr. *.West, representative of the Miners' Association at the Trades and Labour 'Council; Mr. Bewes, and Mr. Simon, :representatives of the Newcastle Trades' and Labour Council, and other :gentlemen. The chair was occupied by Mr. D. lees, the vice-chair by Mr. R. Goundry, supported by Mr. W. Hunlter. After an excellenot re past had been done justice to, The CirAnu?ux' said that they had enjoyed themselires very well that day so far, and they had nearly come to the end of thir.' progranmme. 'They' had had 'd. good 'deal of speaking. that day, and they had had some very. good advice •from the various speakers, and it was very necessaiy that some of .that ad vice should be carried out by the lodges in their association, so that the benefits of trades uniobnism might ' be experienced by the members of those societies. It was a drawback to them if there was Sdisunion, and if they and kindred associations were firmly united in the same action, and that a legitimate one, they could accomplish muchl more than they had ever done-(hear, hear) - although they had accom plished a good deal in the few years that had gone by. He was not on t~hat occasion going to make a speech. He had'been trying to make a speech for the last 30 years, and had not yet :succeeded. (Laughter, and cries of "You'll do.") He asked them to 'charge their glasses, and drink the first toast on the list, "The Queen." The' toast having been duly honoured, Mr. T. MAcnE proposed" " The Par liament of New South Wales." It was a new Parliament, and he hoped it would be a better and more success ful one than the last. The toast was heartily clrunlk. Mr. N. MELVILLEr., M.LA, had to 'thank them very much. for the kind manner in which the toast had been drunk, and, for the kind wish ex pressed by Mr. Magee in hoping that .the new Parliament would pass more useful measures than the last one. He was, however, very much afraid that so far as legislation was concerned 'there would not be much, if any, im provement over that of the last Parlia ment, and the reason for his fear was that it appeared to him they weore in this colony entering into the contest which was now past history in Vic toria. They had been told that the Govermnont had a majority at their backs, but they would probably soon see thant majority dwindle away, and without a dbecided majority they could not expect anything of settled logisla tion. All that he could say was that the members for the county of. North umberland would doubtless work to gether for the interests of their large caud important constituency, as well as for the wider interests of 'the colony. They had been piro~ised cer t~ain legislation by the Govoernment, but as to what it was he could say nothing untiltho House mot,because the Premier had as yet submitted no pro gramme of it to the country. That being so it was impossible for thrm to forecast what was before them, but he much feared that the silence of Sir Henry Parkes on the subject meant that he had no definito programme. They were told that fresh mining legislation was to be introduced by the Minister for Mines, and he hoped it would be of such a character as to be satisfactory not only to the ropro sentatives of the constituency of Nor thumberland but to others desirous of good legislation for the benefit of the health and life of the mining commu nity. (Hear, hear.) But he much feared that \wvith the present position of parties in the House, and from the fact of one of the sources from whence the proposed legislation was to come being so polluted, there was no great hope of much satisfactory legislation on mminmg or the other great interests of the country. During the seven years that he had been in Parliament he had endeavoured to act for the best interests of the county and the colony. One thing they might be sure of- that in going into the present Parliament there would be, so far as he was concerned, no mamby-pamby dealings with the present adnministra tion. He believed the present repro sentatives for.the county, if they differed on minor points, would on all great questions be at one in expressing the voice of Northumberland honestly and fearlessly, whatever might be the future legislation of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. WALXER, M.L.A., said that after the previous speaking of the day he was more inclined to listen than to talk. Perhaps, however, he ought to say a few words in response to the kind manner in which the toast of " The Parliament of NewSouth Wales" had been drunk on the first oppor tunity he had had in meeting them in such fraternal concord, after the high position given him by their efforts- one of the highest marks of their trust and congfience. As a new member, and a young man of ardent temperament, they must at the outset expect from him some faults. He wanted them to understand that, because one going into the House for the firSt time could not be fully cogni sant of the minutim of procedure in the House, and was not acquainted with the manner of getting those little favours and benefits for their consti tuencies which the older horses of the team were so thoroughly acquainted with. All that he would ask them to do was to watch his conduct with the same eyes and judge it with the charity which is generally accorded to young members going into Parliament the first tinlme. (Hear, hear.) If such were the case, he hoped on the next occasion to meet them with the satis faction which a conscientious discharge of duty afforded, and with a good Parliamentary record. He noticed that in the Sydney Evening NtVos an attempt had been made to raisethe religious cry as to his (Mr. Walker's) taking the oath, with a view no doubt to raise the same religious acrimony and tension which met Mr. Brad laugh before he took his seat in the House of Commons. But he hoped no man would have the lack of judg ment and want of fairness to raise that cry against him in the House; and if a cry of that sort were to be raised, those who were so foolish as to raise it would find that their efforts to stir up such a feeling against him wouldd be fruitless. He intended to take the oatlh, because they had trusted him, because they had elected him; and that oath was a necessary condition of his carrying out the duties and the trust which they had reposed in him as one of the representatives of Northumberland in the Parliament of New gouth Wtales. He could take that oath as sincerely as any other man having religious views differont from those held by him. He was not going there to represent the various idiosyncracies, the particular tenets, or the pet views on religion .of any section of the electors of Northumberland, but to represent their political views; and as the law at present stood it was neces sary for the political representatives of the people to take the oath as a condition of their carrying out their duties to their constituents.. He could take that oath with as much respect as any member of the House, and it would be as binding on his conscience as if he gave his bare word. (Hear, hear.) The battle which Mr. Brad laugh had fought so gallantly in England was not necessary to be fought again in New South Wales, and he (Mr. Walker) intended to take the oath as Mr. Bradlaugh had done. He did not go into Par liament to fight this or any other Kiama ghost of Sir Henry Parkes's supporters, and he felt sure that the representatives for Nor thumberland and his friends gene rally would stick by each other and to him, so as to oppose any at tempt being made to prevent him or any man similarly circumstanced'in his endeavour to get elbow-room in the battle oflife. (Hear, hear.) He did not intend to go into Parliament to catch the fleas from Sir Henry Patkecs' ill-odoured body. (Laughter.) I-He would go there as an opponent of Sir I-enry Parkes, and they would see the time when those who opposed his principles would swell their ranks, and would see Sir Hoenry Parkes' political skeleton hung on the gibbets of his defeat. That time might not be long; perhaps in twelvo months they might seethattyrant of tyrants swept into the oblivion from whence he sprung. He hoped he would always be found working with his colleagues, and hoped they in turn would take him into their confidence, so that they might make Northumberland in the future as it had been heretofore, the premier electorate of the colony. (Hoar, hoar.) Mr. J. CREEn, M[.L.A., while thank ing them for the kind manner in which the toast had booeen proposed and received, thought that it was some what premature to consider the mem bors who wore elected as a Parliament, as they had not yet met, and they could hardly yet respond on behalf of the Parliament of the country. It was a true saying that the Parliament of a country was what the peoipleI made it (hear, hear)" So far as he could judge, he thought, from the gentle men elected by the various electorates, that the Parliamoetwas likely to be a good one. Ho believed there were a good many men of ability and repute amongst them, andhohoped and trusted that whatever differences arose they should all consider the interests of the country in the first place. If they differed on any point, he hoped that point of difference would be clearly as to the country's good. He hoped that when the Parliament was duly constituted the aim of every member of it would be the permanent good and prosperity of this young country. He hoped that as their member he would always keep in view the interests generally of the country, and hoped he should never forget the important duties devolving upon him as a member for Northumberland. It will be the bounden duty of the three members for Northumberland to watch the interests of the county, but it will be also their wider duty to do all that was in them to safeguard the general interests of the colony. He hoped that the session of the new Par liament would never be disgraced by disorderly scenes, but would be such as to bean'honor to thecountry and the people whlo sent them there-(hear, hear)-and hoped that when the time came for the various members to seek re-election they could show that their aims had been for the good of the country, and those who had done them the high honour of sending them there. He desired then, at that enarly and initial stage of their parlia mentary life, to heartily thank them for the generous manner in which theyr had received the toast. Mr. R. GouNnuY then proposed "The day we celebrate." He could assure them that it gave him great pleasure to propose that toast. It was the first time since holding the demon stration that that toast had been Fpart of the programme. He knew the district when there was no MIiners' Demonstration to cele brate, and no Union. He had seen the Union in its infancy, and he saw it in its manhood, and it was the duty and privilege of everyone connected with a beneficent and beneficial institution of that kind to treat it as they would treat a man's life. They had seen thousands of men marching that day, not to celebrate the day of a great battle or a sanguinary victory, but of one set apart by their association to enjoy themselves in a harmless man ner. The miners had been called names recently, and Wallsend had had the name hurled at it of being a "piece of Victoria;" but he would ask any gentleman from Sydney who saw them that day to say if he ever saw a more decently dressed, or better conducted, class of men than the minors of their district? ("No.") He was not speaking egotistically, but he would snay that it ever had been his pleasure, as well as his duty, to say a word which would tend to raise a man from the position he had been labouring in in former years. The dis trict was in former years in a very curious state. The union, however, was put on its feet, and was now on a much better footing, than in former days. As he though it tthe duty of every man to raise himself a little higher, so it was the duty of every one having a voice in the association to raise it a little higher. The thought struckhim what a serious thing it would be which would necessitate their laying down their tools throughout the dis trict. He hoped, however, that wise councils would always prevail, and that they would do all in their power to put a stop to anything of that kind. (Hear, hear.) There were about 4000 people present at the Demon stration that day. Everyone of them represented on an average three mouths; that was to say, about 16,000 persons who would be directly affected by anything coming in the way to make them lay down their tools. There were always grievances in coal mines; no matter what mines they went to they would hear men grumbling and growling, and men speaking about a strike, but he was glad to say that the days- had gone by when they could not speak to their employers when they had a grievance. They had now the privilege of speaking to their employers and arguing matters out to their mutual advantage. That is an advantage they now possessed which they had not before. Those who saw the demonstration could speak of its respectability, for not withstanding the thousands of mon on the ground, he had not seen two men drunk diuing the day. (Hear, hear.) The dwellers in Sydney and other great cities talked about the conduct of the miners, although at Wallsend and other mining centres they never had to record the awful atrocities with wlrich the country had recently been ringing. (Mr. Molville : "I have sooeen more men drunk in the House of Parliament hi one night than I have seen in VWallsend in a month.") They nmight have sometimes a man fined 5s for being drunk or dis orderly, but they never saw men hand cuffed for crimes of the foulest and most atrocious kind-(hear, hear) as at Sydney and other places. He hoped they would celebrate a good many more demonstration days, and thait they would all be as successful as "the day we celebrate." The toast was received with accla mation. Mr. W. LATING proposed "Our Employers," and said it afforded him much pleasure to propose that toast. He was sure that in proposing success to their employers he was proposing success to the district at large, because the business of the employees and of the district was so wrappc d up with that of their employers that when their employers wero successful in their trade all the district flourished. He thought if he said it was a plea sure to be an employee of such gentle men, some might takeo offence at it. There were some mon to whom a word of praise in favour of capital was as a red rag to a bull, but it was his cus tom to give.credit where it was due. His experience-and he had had a good deal to do with the coal em ployers of the district-was that, as a rule, they were willing to discuss de batable matters, and anxious to bring about a peaceable final issue. He and they had differed many times, and fought many battles, and during the time of the strike hard words had been used. But such an action as thalnt taken by the employers at Bulli he had never seen in the Hunter River district. It was a most disgraceful thing that these men fighting for what they considered their rights, and to advance their position, should not, after the battle had been fought and lost, be employed on any condition whatever. (Hear, hear.) His ex perience had been in the Hunter River district---and there had been many a severe struggle-thatso soon as a strike had ceased or a lock-out been brought to a close, the employers were prepared to accept the men again. He said that that that was a credit to their employers. It was his desire, and that of his colleague employees, to raise the status of their occupation, and he hoped it would rise; but that did not prevent him from moving, with pleasure, every success to their employers. Mr. JwuEs FLETCHTn, M.L.A., who was received with cheering, said that in the first place he felt very flattered indeed to be invited there among the employees of that great district, and, in the second place, he felt extremely gratified to be called upon to respond onbehalf of the employers. Before entering upon the question, he should like to say one or two words in reply to what fell from the lips of his friend Mr. Laing in proposing it. Mtr. Fletcher then referred to an incident in the history of the M?inmi mine, where, on one occasion, the master's weighman was occasionally. on a Monday morning, found unreliable, and he (Mr. Fletcher) on these occa sions accepted the weight from the men's check-weighman. The men took this as a cause of umbrage, saying that a man whose weighing was accepted by the masters was not the man for them. That man's name was William Davies. (Hear, hear.) It was too true, unfortunately, that there were a number of men who looked upon every capitalist as an enemy of the working-man. There are men, who if they did not belong to the Union, and were not backed up by the strength of united force, would crawl, and sneak, and pick up the crumbs from the rich man's table; who, backed up by the Union, are un limited tyrants of the purest water (assent and dissent). He was saying there just what he said elsewhere, and they knew in their heart and soul that he was speaking what was true. So long as a state of things like that existed there was no hope of peace or prosperity between capitalandlabour, and there could be no s3ymnpathy from capitalists. The principle of pure selfishness was not the one to promote peace between masters and men. Cnapital and labour were so mixed up that if you injure one you injure both, and the man who would wilfully do anything, whether he sits at the proprietors' board, or as a miners' delegate, to estrange them, is an enemy alike to the capitalist and to the employee. Ht knew there were differences in all large bodies of men, for absolute unity on all points was impos sible. The employers differed as the miners differed. Some of the employers considered that too much was given to the men, and others that not enough was given them. But he would say that there was a desire on the part of a large majority of the employers that peace and happiness should reign between capital and labour. (Hear, hear.) Having said so much-perhaps he had said too much, but he felt everything he said -to make himself better under stood, he would ask if, when there was an agreement, it would be fair for the masters to meet and pass a resolution, and put it in force, and then ask the men's consent to it? If it would be bad for the masters to do that, would not a similar course be bad on the partof the miners? He referred to the back shift question. He spoke as an employer, and would say that if any thing required amendment in the agreement, let them meet together as roeasonable men and if a decision could riot be.arrived at, let them call in the aid of a higher tribunal, arbi tration, to step in and decide between them. If they were actuated by the right spirit, he looked forward to a period of peace and harmony, of which they only had a foretaste in earlior days. There was a wave of depression, which had been felt in every part of the civilised world, and it was not likely to pass away, without visiting our shores. Thoro was therefore the greater necessity for united and harmonious action, for a more heart-felt sympathy and support betweoonemployorandemployedthanho had seen for the last twelve or four teen years in the district. They must be distressed to see men travelling about fronm colliery to colliery seekin'g for employment, and not able to find it-men not of the stamp who w?ere looking for work and praying that they might not find it. No, but men earnestly seeking for work to provide bread for their poverty-stricken wives and families. (Hear, hear.) He saw much surplus labour at their doors. They. sym pathised with these men, and he him self was often only too sorry that ho was unable to give bread to them all, and they were unable to employ more than four or five new men, for while they sympathised with the men out of work they could not overlook the claims of the older men who had been working for them for years, and by whoso labours they had materially profited. A number of new collieries were being opened up, and it might be said to miners that it was better to work coal in these now pits at 4s 2d a ton than at Lambton. If the miners were to do that the pro prietors' of these new pits would undersell those in existence, and not only would wages go down, but the colliery proprietors would have to sell their coals in a cheap and openmarket. He hoped that they would never allow the sliding-scale to be broken, or 3s 6d as the lowest price for hewing (" We never will")-, and insist upon 4d in the shilling for overytlhing above that. Mr. Fletcher then referred to an incident in the early history of the Gretamine, where it had been proposed to work the colliery on non-union principles, and how he (Mr. Fletcher) had set his face against it, as it would have had the effect of lowering the price of coal, and not benefiting the new colliery, while injuring the trade of older collieries. Finally, the speaker said he would not pander to any man's prejudice; he would never say behind a man's back what he would not say to his face. In the matter of the back shift, he had toldthemtheywerewrong, and in any other matter that he thought they were wrong he would speak plainly. Where he thought they were right he would endeavour to do all in his power to get even-handed justice for them, and if they were wrong they would find in him no advocate. If they were right, he would do every thing he could for them in the future as he had done in the past. But he hoped there would be no breach of the agreement, which could only have the effect of estranging the twin sisters of capital and labour. He thanked them very heartily for the kind way in which the toast had been proposed. Mr. W. DAVIES proposed the toast of " Our Guests." He said he was one of the oldest coal miners of the district, and the reason he had beeoon called upon to propose the toast was that Mr. Curley was too ill to be present to propose it, and he was very sorry indeed that that gentleman was not present. He coupled the toast with the names of Mr. Langford, from Lithgow, Mr. West, representative of the Miners' Association at the Trades and Labour Council, Sydney, Messrs. Bewes and Sinon, and other guests. Mr. L~'xronn , president of the Lithgow Coal Miners' Union, said that the was not a stranger to the dis trict, having worked in it 10 years ago. He was present at the banquet given to Mr. Brown when he went home from M?inmi, when Mr. Fletcher was there, and he must say that Mr. Fletcher's views then expressed had not altered much from those expressed that night. At Lithgow they were passing through what had been passed through in the Hunter iver District years ago. They worked long hours, and had to carry their own props, &c.; They had organised a union at Lithgow, and he was glad to say they were getting on pretty well, and he had to thank the miners of the Newcastle district for the sup port giventhem. Astothe differences between labour and capital, they would have to go to the root of the evil of accumulated wealth and increasing poverty. Capital was like -obinson Crusoe's canoe, which required labour to bring it to the water. (Hear, hear.) The Lithgow masters had done all they could against the Union, and he understood that M]r. Fletcher had given one of the victimised men employment. His name was Samuel Tate. (Mr. Fletcher," He's as safe as possible; he's in Northumberland now.") He expressed the ploasure he felt in being among them that day, and had never witnessed a more orderly or sober gathering in his life. Mr. WEST also responded, and spoke of the great depression of trade in Sydney, which was much worse than in Newcastle. He instanced the fact that the reason of some of the dele gates of the Council who had been invited up to the Demonstra tion being unable to attend was their inability to pay their fares. In his own the plumbing trade, there were 70 men out of work,-all good men. He claimed some credit for having been partially instrumental in sending Mr. John Norton to England, so as to stop the colony from bringing more men out here to starve. Ho commented adversely on the fact of the Immigration Oice in England being yet open, and it appeared as if this new lease of its lifo had been given so soon as Sir Henry Parhes had come into power. Mr. Buwus, on behalf of the New castle Eight Hours' Domonstration, acknowledged the toast. Mr. W. JACKSON, in proposing "The Ladies," said that the fair ones had taken as much interest in the de monstration as the gentlemon. The ladies' were the Chancellors of the Exchequer, and the working toilers, the Prime Mfnisters (laughtor), and when everything went well with them it madeo a united Government. 1·r. JAMES TTOaSON said that the response to the toast should have been placed in the hands of an unmarried man. Whatever pleasures they might enjoy. and whatever oenefits they may reap, they were always glad to share with their botter halves, and if there was no peace at home there would be no satisfation abroad. Mir. T. ParcE: proposed the toast of "The Press," from whose efforts they had benefi6ted on numnberless occa sions. The representatives of the press duly responded to the toast. Mr. R. GouxnnY proposed the toast of "The Chairman," and said there was not an honester man in the dis trict. Mr. D. REs responded, and said that although he sometimes had made mistakes, it had been his principle and endeavour through lifo to loave the world better than he found it, and he would endeavour to hand down to his sons the rule that had guided his life. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings then terminated. 