THE JUBILEE ■CHURCH SERVICES. Ia several of the churches in G«L!Vog and the neighboring boroogha reference was made yesterday Co the Jubilee of her Majesty's reign, and special prayers were offered op in connection therewith. Chejbt Chttech. This cbarch was very largely attended in the morning, and a special service arranged for use in the diccese was gone throc^b The Rev. Canon Goodman preached from the following text, which id contained in Epheeians, 6th chapter, 2nd and 3rd verses :—" Honor thy father and tby mother ; which is the first command* ment with promije ; that is may be well with thee, and thou. mvjesfe live long on the earth." He said that thsy were called upon that day to offer np thanksgiving and praise to God for the mercies vouchsafed by Hizn to this realm in prolonging the reign of b*r Most Graeicui Majesty the Qaeen. That Scaday was the eve of her accession to the throne. If the jabiiee year was one of special rej doing it was right that that wetk should be specially devoted to national joy and praue, and on that holy cay which ushered in the week of thanksgiving they might moat appropriately consider the mercies *hicb they enjoyed, and effsr np their heartfelt praise. After pointing oat at eonie length, ia an admirable manner, the connection of hi? text, he remarked thiC in every . dspiitment of life there mast b* rote on the one haod, and subordination oa the other.- They had the perfection rf rule aud the m*)st absolute form of obedience in the organisation of an army There were captains of hundreds, and caL'tain* of fifties ; there were divisions and sub- divisions, field officers and subalterns, commission**! and non-commissioned ; and if they naked what is was than preserved the mechanism — hew the wheels within wheels worked noiseirssly and effec tively—*.h*y were answered that it was the pervading spirit of submi^ton, the instinct of universal ob^-nieccs, the willicg* nesi t> giv** honor where honor was dae. They >hoa(d remember that obedience and submission were cot everything. It was true of the law which held society together, as of the law of the Decalogue which was givso from Sioat thifc lt Love is the fulfilling of the law." Whet did they mean by loyalty? What was tha feeling which, »6 tha present time, animated the whole BritishSmpire—net only the people of Great Britain, bat of the colonise : in all quarters of the globe, and notably io the southern hemisphere. The spirit of loyalty waa not merely a consent to abide by the law. as the word implieni but it combined with the spirit of obedience deep personal affection to the Sovereign herself, as well as the family instinct which reminded them tbst it one member rs joiced the other rejoiced with him, hot if oce member suffered the others snffered. Loyalty included love, and it included enthusiasm. It was the feeling that arm-d an entire people in the hoar of danger, that welded them together a3 one man against the aggression of a common enemy,—the instinct that engendered self sacrifice, making individual interests merge into those" of a whole people. And this feeiing glowed with a brighter fiime when as in their own cass there was one who was its special object whom they cenli not only reverence as a queen, bat respect and love as a trot mother of her people. It had been an nntold blessing to them that in days when men had boen ready to call into question every principle, human or divine,—when wards and deeds of sovereigns had been held no in the fierce light of unsparing criticism,—tbey had in Queen Victoria one who ccnld bear the ordeal, and who waa f mnd to be a pattern of every social and domestic virtue. The rev. gentleman here instanced the revolu tions, the bloodshed, and political imtabi. lity which had been witnessed in other countries of Europe daring the past 50years, whilst England had prospered. Trade had multiplied, manufactures had made unexam pled strides, inventions had startled the world ss they bad never done before, and tha development of national prosperity had, despite of certain exceptions, brcngbt with it an uctold amount of national content ment. Britain, however, he remarked at a later stage of bis discourse, had also had time3 of trial, and they had deserved the punishments that had been seat : in short they had cot been always true to their cuve vant with God. There waa the Khyber Pass masaaere, the Sepoy mutiny, the losses in Zaluiand, the abortive fights in the Soadan, and the disaffection and disloyalty in Ireland, When these things had come npon them as a cation they might be snre that there were national sins that needed national punishment. Gad visited nations in this life : He punished individuals in the life to come, and they might trace this principle in all national history. A collection was taken np during the service in aid of the Melbourne Cathedral Jubilee Fend, and the sum of £9 10i Id was realised. St. Paul's Ckcech. There were very large congregations at St. Panl's, and epeoial prayers were offered np on behalf of the Queen and Royal Family, the chnrch and the people ; and hymns and pealma appointed for the occasion were ancg and chanted. The National Anthem, with two verses added appropriate to the jubilee service, was -sung as a "Jubilee National Anthem," Mrs Edwards taking the solo parts. Canon Chalmers preached from the 25sh chapter of Leviticus, versa 12:h :— "It is the jubilee." He said that the jubilee of the text had reference to the jubilee of the Hebrew nation. It was a time of great rejoicing, and while it lasted many concessions were made to the people. In oar day the Jubilee meant 50 years of onr Sovereign's reign. It hid been their good lot to have so gentle, though firm, a ruler aa Qaaen Victoria for ths past half-centnry, and they should return thanks to God for it. Her long reign, had been marked not only by social and political, bat also material and religions progress. Political power had become more equally distributed, and the right3 of labor were more fully recognised. Half a century ago the colonies could not be reached till after a passage of many months' duration, but now they were closely federated with the mother country by telegraphy and steamships. And moral progress had more or leas kept pace with material and political advancement. Powerful influences had permeated the whole fabric of British society ; philanthropy and brotherly sym pathy had enlarged their boundaries, and extended their principles on every side ; and for these blessings they shonld return thanks to God. Canon Chalmers traced the history of ths Chnrch of England daring the past 50 years, and alluded to its great expansion, which, he said, was nothing less than the physical manifestation of its inner life, quickened by the grace of God the Holy Ghost. He nrged his hearers not to spend the jubilee as a mere formality, bat to enter • into it with a thankful heart to God for Hia past mercies. St. Giobge'j Chubch. The decorations in St. George's Presbyte rian Church were extremely pretty. Heavy garlands of evergreens were suspended from the walls, the window sills and all other suitable nooks were filled with a variety of pot plants, and the pnlpit was fairly snr rounded with greenery, interspersed with fiswsrsl The congregations were large, and in the morning the Rev. Dr. Campbell, who formerly had for ahent a quarter of a centnry been the pastor of the chnrch, preached from' the following text, which is in IL Chronicles, 9th chap , 8th verse (the text , chosen by her Majesty to be sang in Westminster Abbey to- morrow):—"Blessed be the Lard thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on His throne, to be king for the Lord thy God ; because thy God loved Israel to establish them for ever, therefore made He thee king over them, to do jndg ment and justice." The veteran preacher in dealing with his subject infnsed into it much of the vigor and emphasis which characterised hia teaching in former years, and he was listened to throughout with marked attention. In the evening the Rev.' D. A. M'Dongall took for his text Proverbs 14th and 34th : "Righteousness exalteth a nation, bat sin is a roproach to any people," and he discoursed npon tha elements of national stability and weakness, TTsxrss Service ai Hish Chubch, An united service of praise and.thanksgiving was held in the High Chnrch, Gheringhap street, in which the young people of the four Presbyterian Sunday schools of ths town took part. There was a full master of the echolars of High Church, Ryrie street Church, St. George's, and St. Andrew's, who filled the central portion of the ahnrch to the utmost capacity, and the side portions were crowdad with adults. The Rev. Arthur' Davidson presided, and was accompanied in the pnlpit by the Rev. D. A. M'Dougall, of St. Georges, A camber of hymns well known to tha young people were sung-frnm their "School Praise," the choir of High Church leading. Addresses appropriate to the occasion, setting forth what reasons we have for thankfulness in the character and ruls of our Queen, were given by the Rctb. Davidson and M'Dougall. Reference was made to her* Majesty's expressed desire to give thanks to God for the blessings that bad attended her reign, sod for the loyalty of her Babj-ctB. and to the proclamation made by the Government that the day should be observed as a day of thanksgiving, and special prayer and thanksgiving were then offered by the assemblage. A collection was taken cp in aid of the Ladies' Benevolent Association of the town at the close of the service, and the whole was concluded by the singing cfc the National anthem. The superintendents of the various Presbyterian Sanday school*, who arranged for the united service, may be congratulated on the large and enthusiastic gathering. Rybh street Presbttbrux Church. At the Ryrie-atreet Presbyterian Church the Rev. A. Davidson conducted sen* viees, both morniog and evening, suitable to the occasion of the Queen's jubilee, la the morning the text was taken from Psalm 144,15—'* Happy ia the. people that is in such a case ; yea, happy is the people whose God is the Lord and the sermon set forth the reasons we hare for thinking ourselves a happy people. The preacher sketched the material and moral progress ct the empire daring the present reign, giving many facts and figures relative to its extent and progress, which tarnished abundant matter for thankfulness to Almighty God. In the latter part of the sermon he showed that our happiness was largely dne to the Cbris tianity of the people. Happy was the people whose God was the Lord. After tracing the many improvements which had taken place in the condition of the people through the material prosperity sod hnmaoe progress of the nation, be pointed oat tost their reflec tions should increase alike their religion and loyalty, making them devontly thankful to Almighty God, and appreciative of the wise and godly sovereign whom God had given them to reign ovar them. Special hymns were sang, including fefas National Anthem, and special prayers and thanksgiving were offered. In the evening the preacher took for bis text Proverb*, 31 tt chap., 30th verse—"A woman that feareth fcb* Lord sbs shall be praised.*"' ; Be used the words with reference to Qneen i Victoria, and spoke of her many public and j private virtues, holding her up to his hearers i ™ » pin.em, urj'.ui vousarur piety, rnen or conscieetioasnese and decision e£ character, of womanly sympathy and motherly wisdom, and of humble faith in God and in His Son Jesus Christ. There were large congregations at both services. YaR3X.STEEET WsglSYAS CjiVRCB. In this church the decorations, which had been carried oat under the supervision of lira Hitchcock, were very attractive. There was a prettily worked text "Jesus, King of Kings," fixed upon the upper portion of the organ, and a large colored engraving of the Qaeen, with ths Union Jack and British snsign fixed npon either side, was arranged above the pulpit, below being the text "God bless uur Queen. The musical service by the choir was of a special kind. The Rsv. J, White (the incumbent of the church) preached, his text being takea from Pros verbs, 14th chapter, 34fh versa : " Righ teousness exaltcth a nation." He pointed out that Solomon had a practical demonstra tion of this in connection with his own kingdom. The foundations of his throne rested upon Davids loyalty to God and truth, and so long as Solomon followed in his footsteps his throne waa secure. Her Majesty's throne was founded in righteous* uess ; because before she had dared to ascend it she acknowledged Gods claim on her love and revennee, and her de pendence upon Him for guidance. Early upon the morning upon which she had accep ted the high office she had reverently knelt down in prayer, and her throne had always had the four foundation efc >nes of equity, justice, righteousness,ami faith. Theseverest critie cculd find noaght but parity and trnch displayed throughout her administra tion. The preacher here aiso gave instances to prove that the Qaeen had always advo cated religious freedom, and had placed great dependence upon her own religion ; and that she waa ever ready to sympathise with those iu tribulation. He aiso referred to tbe rapid advancement of the Empire daring her Majesty's reign. He urged that the utmost loyalty should be shown bva'l her subjects. Disloyalty to any form of good government was disloyalty to God. A collection was made in aid or the Jubilee testament fund. In the afternoon the school room wa3 well filled with children, and tbe Jubilee medals were given to all present. The interior of the -ckool was nicely adorned for the cccasioo. and during the proceedings an address was de livered to the juveniles by the Rev. J. White. The evening service was con* ducted fey the Rsv. J. de Q Robin, M.A., who prsached from the following words, coot lined in Matthew 22nd :—" Render unto Cseiar the things which are Cseiar's, and to God tbe things which are God's." He showed the necessity of allegiance to her Majesty. Not only her position but her personal virtues demanded their respect and esteem. Chilwell Wesleya>* Cheech. The Rev. D. V, Lucas, M. A. (of Canada), preached both morning and evening ia this church to large and attentive congregations. At the morning service extensive reference waa made to the lengthy and happy reign of her Majesty ths Qaeen, special thanksgiving and prayers being offered for her, and the National Anthem heartily sung. The interior of the church looked nnuaually interesting, "Gcd bless onr Qaeen" in gold letters overhanging ths orchestra, and several bonquets being placed in various other places. 