TURF GOSSIP. BtAobub. On Monday next, at S p.m.( the annual genera! meeting of the members of the Vic toria Racing Club will be held at Menziea' Hotel. Some important business is to be transacted. The subject which will prove moat interesting will be the propositionof Mr. George Payia—" That the jninimum weight to be carried by any hone in any handicap flat xaee be Oak 71b" This is a moot qnestion with racing men, and Is sore to give rise to considerable discussion. The Hon. William Pearson wilt second the motion, and no doubt both he and Mr. George Davis can advance cogent reasons why the minimum weight should be raised. Those opposed to any alteration will declare that if the motion be carried the good horses will be virtually handicapped oat Of the big races; but this is hardly likely to be the case, for no h&ndi; capper who understands bis business would raise the top weights more than 31b. or 41b. to tbe7!b. Of thesmalltry, add thus matters would be equalised, and owners and trainers would be enabled to procure die services of boys capable of steering a horse in a large field. Had the minimum this year been flat 71 b Mr. Barpard Would probably, have com menced, at 9st. 12tb. ihstead of flat. 91b., but this would not have put such horses Trenton and Nfelson nom Of court. The race □right be run. a,trifle slower, but what of that? The new rile concerning " maidens " and" races "taixtf matters to such an extent that it was .found necessary to revise them, and It is now nronosed that Role 1 shall read as follows:— 'Kabe 'includes plate, match, sweepstakes, steeplechase, or hurdle race. Bat no hone ehaTl carry extra weight in a flat race In consequence of having won a steeplechase or hurdle raoe, and no horse shall cany extra weight in a steeplechase or hurdle race in consequence of having won a flat raceand Rnle o is to ran thus" A ' maiden ' with re«pect to a flat race means a horse which at timo of starting has never won an advertised plateor sweepstake on the flat.'* entera ls nbfllkelyto be the slightest to the following rale P—"' No member shall be competent jto vote on any occasion what evehorenjoy anyof the privileges of a member, tmrtL he shall have paid his sub scription."- The retiring members of com mittee ate 6't* W -fc^CUrke, Messrs. C. B. Fisher, Samuel Chadliier, SeptimUs Miller. teM ^U oriulll^rieW endeavours 2to main the racing season of 1886-7 will be brought to a close, but the interregnum will be of very brief duration, for the Geelong, Racing rCiub will open the ball again on Saturday next, when at least two of-the events will be surounded with considerable interest. The time between the Geelong meeting and the trystsofthe linwkcebury Racing Club and the Australian Jockey Club will be pretty well occupied by meetings of lesser import ance. For some years Xhe Derby of the A. J.C. has not possessed a tithe of the interest oi the olden time, bat this year there is every prospect of a revival, and ns the Hon. W. Robinson's Enfilade and Engage ment are both nominated, the bine riband of onr neighbours will be a race indeed if one or other of the New Zealanders should pnt in an nppcarance. I seo no reason why they should not, for the Btake will be worth some thing like 1,000 sovereigns, and this would help to pay the expense attached to the Australian campaign. It is quite possible, too, that Victoria will be again represented in the A. J.C. Derby, for Sumatra is in the Oaks as well, and this fine filly should be quite capable ot holding her own in the ladies' race. As she is in the Derby too her owner may think it worth while to send her over for both events. Niagara is nominated, and all gojng well he is bound to go to the post, but it is rumoured that he has been a trille off daring the month, and his V.K.C. Derby admirers will do well to leave him alone | until tiiey see how he shapes in the A. J.C, Derby, Boz and Jebusite are among other Victorian representatives, and if the former return to the form we once saw him exhibit he may cross the border. Jebusite is an im proving colt, but 1 doubt if his owner will | care to send him over. In the Hon. James White's lot Abercorn, Aberdeen, Cranbrook, and Carlyon are engaged. The first-named two have both been returned winners, bnt the other two have not yet' appeared in pnblic. When Cranbrook makes his bow to the public they-will see one of the grandest three year olds that ever graced a racecourse. ! He is bred more like a Derby winner than Carlyon, and if any of the Kirkbam division , is to supplant Abercorn it will, I think, be this magnificent chestnut Mr. Gannon is almost certain to have a good three year old amongst his Darebins and Robinson Crusoes, and MoorhouBe, Bowmont, and the Habena colt are all promising youngsters. Matador is a colt for when I entertain a great respect, though I should like him better if there was a little more certainty about the predigree of his dam. Rosewood is doing nicely, and it is possible that he may be the best of Mr. W. ; Cooper's, even though he has Niagara in his stable. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will open their great annual sale at the City Horse Bazaar, Elizabeth-street north, at two o'clock on Monday, and it will be continued through out the week. Those breeders who are raising stock suitable for the Indian market, hunters, roadsters, or carriage, should not fail to inspect the English roadster aud Irish hunt- j ing sires recently imported by Messrs. J. H. M'Culloch, Hugh Rca, and J. Gidney. , Nothing superior of the kind has ever been | imported, and amongst the youngsters by | Contractor, Von Moltke, jun., and others, will be found trotters of exceptional ability. His Excellency the Governor will be present on Monday. Thoroughbreds are more in my way, and this class wilt be strongly represented at Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co's sale to be held ' at their bazaar at Newmarket, on Wednesday, when breed era in search of a horse wiH have j several promising sires to choose from. For in stance, what could be better or more fashion ably bred than Musk Rose, a son of Musket and Rosette, a half Bister of the famous Bend Or, winner of the English Derby, and sire of the still more famous racehorse Ormonde. Any studmaster in search of a yoang sire of fashionable breeding conld hardly go wrong in selecting this horse. Then there is King of the Gipsies, by Gang Forward from Black Gipsy, die dam of the Champion winner Pride of the Hills. Having Malna Mr. Inglis has no use for this horse, as he has but a few mares. He was a good race-1 horse, and ought to prove successful as a sire. Mistake, who has raced for several years, is very well-bred, being by Dante from the im ported Macaroni mare Stockdove. The Plunger was a great racehorse, and is as grand a hone as there is in the country. Those who breed for the Indian market should not lose sight of this fine son of A igns Scandal. Prime Minister, by Newminster from Miss Mel bourne (the dam of Plato and Peli Mell); is another young horse, and Exminster, by Newminster from Evening Star, the dam of Commotion, ought to suit some oftheTas manian studs, for he possesses the lines of blood which should nick with the old fashioned families across the Straits. Horatio, winner of the Sydney Metropolitan, and sire of Denmark and many other good steeple chasers, is also in the list, where also I notice the name of Grand Prix, sire of several win nera. Columbus, Anglesey, Odd Trick, Hilltop, Herschel, Tnmult, Blondin, Dante, and many others will be found in tho catalogue; and the man will be hard to please if he cannot obtain something likely to meet his requirements. It is reported that Major Walmsley has Purchased the English thoroughbred sire limestone for the New Zealand Stud Company. Although not within many pounds of the performer that Musket was, he belongs to great families on both sides, for he is by Wenlock from Dnvernay, and Wenlock won the St Leger in 1872. In selecting Limestone I expect Major Walmsley was influenced by the great deeds performed by Hampton's son and daughter Merry Hampton and Reved'Or, Hampton is a-Lord CUfdeh, and so is Wenlock, whose dam, Mineral, was by Rataplan from Manganese, by Birdcateher. Manganese was the dam of Mandragora, who produced Man drake, Agility. and Apology, all famous animals; she was also the dam of Perad venture, who gave us Guesswork. Lime stone's dam Dnvernay is the dam of a good horse in tjoicklime. full brother to Limestone, and she i? by Beadsman from Cachnca. by VoHigeur from Ayacanora, by Birdcatcher. As a performer Limestone was not a great star. As a three year old he started for the Derby at 60 to 1 and did not get a place, but he was second to Votaptu&ry; in the Ascot Biennial Stakes, and was only beaten a head, Scobeli. a teal good performer, being third. At the Ascot meeting no won the Triennial Stakes, and at Goodwood l>e was victorious in the Sussex Stakes; in which he was ridden by Fred Archer, ^[eatarted for the St. Leger bat was nowhere, and shared a similar fate in the Cambridgeshire, which was won ty the: American three year old. Foxhall, who carried Ost. As a four year old lie' carried 8ah 61b., and won the Royal Stakes &t; Epsom, his brother on the eame day winning the Epsom Grand Prize of 1,000 sovereigns. At a five year old he started several times, bnt did hot score a winning brafckeh.. . A to TOlHunfttownon; Saturday for a blowfrora the brlnymurt hare " theit h^rt'e AI been sat __ strong south-west wind, With an occasional prevailing epidemic they most have wished themselves at their own fireside. Vet there was much to be thankful for. The racing was excellent, and llr. Vowles is lo be com gratulated upon the closeness of most of the finishes ; ana if the railway did not convey you to the stand, a solid path had been laid down from the station to the entrance gates, so that pedestrians bad not to plough their way through a sea of mud and slush, as they often had to do in the days gone by. Despite the heavy raina that had fallen, the racing track was in splendid order, firm bat elastic, and only in one or two epots in the least affected. I noticed that the new grand stand was well on the way, but it struck ma that it was rather low down. Judging front what 1 saw, it will be one of the most com* tnodious grand stands in the colony, and a credit to the club. Although the Tasmanians had the good fortune to win the jumping double, the visitors from the other side of tha Straits did not profit much in the wagering line. They haa made arrangements to back lleposc outright for the Hurdle Ilaco, and in doubles with Kangaroo for the Steeplechase; but the cab which was conveying them to the course broke down, and they arrived just in time to Bee the mare win. She is only a little one, but a very smart mare. The finish for; the Railway Stakes was a most exciting one,' Major just getting home in front of Sorcerer, whose friends thought had won, but I was standing behind the box, and saw that Major had quite a head the best of it, albeit in a! couple of strides past the post Sorcerer was a neck in front. The victory of the Sydney, horse encouraged bis friends to Jay slight odds on his stable companion Allison for ttaei Seiling Race, but be proved a sore disappoint-' meat, for be was the first horse beaten, audi Carnival, who ran wide, gained a clever, victory, lathe Steeplechase Kangaroo was! pulling double until 'they reached the turn, when he went up to The Lowan. The Taa-j manian then swung out, and Keating bad to» pull out his whip. Directly he was straightened he disposed of the mare in a[ few strides, and won easily. Keating, the Tasmanian jockey, rode both Repose and Kangaroo witb great judgment, and onlyi requires a little more experience in big fields to take high rank as a cross-country jockey.' J. Kearney, who trained the two winners, also! deserves a word of praise. Had Gasburnec been nicely handled he would have won the Epsom Handicap, but his boy came away too, soon, and he was beaten cleverly by Crown! Brand. Gasburner appeared in the cards as a horse, but be is a gelding, which his owner! will do well to remember when he nominates! him again. I was glad to see the veteran] trainer Dan Robinson successful. The old fellow hasn't often tasted of the sweets of victory of late, but at LUydale lie was in! form, and following this up with a victory at VYiliiamstown, it would appear as if the return of his sous from India had changed the luck of the stable. Just a word or two in praise of the general arrangements. Mr.' Sutton is one of the _ best of secretaries,' and never spares himself when ^ there is work to be done. He was well sup ported by the stewards, and I can safely say. that Mr. Tom Watson wielded the flag quits as successfully as his father could have done.! He now has the boys under command, and having gained confidence by experience has very little trouble with the jockeys. He fined; Gofry and Biair £5 each, and being deter-' mined to perform his duties firmly be will not experience so much difficulty with tha fields as he did when he first took office. Mr. N. Goold made his first appearance as judge,] and did well. , In the Steeplechase it was noticed that oil the horses jumped admirably, and some of the leading cross-country jockeys pointed oat to me the reason. The fences were brushed up to the third rail, and were thus easily seen by the horses, many of whom were of inferior quality. Corrigan, Scobie, Ferguson^ Batty, Mai one, and other steeplechase riders! ate all in favour of the brushed fences, which' they declare minimise the chance of accident, Mr. Bond haa adopted the plan with great , success at Caulfield, so has Mr. Gox at - Moonee Valley, and Mr. Haydon will do the same at Elstern wick-park. Curiously enough,1 the leading club, the V.R.C., which should! have been the first to fall in with the views ■ ot those who risk their lives over the stiffi fences of FJemington, has not yet done any thing in the direction referred to. The jockeys tell me that of all the courses ther ride over it is more necessary at Flemington; ■ than anywhere else, but nothing has beets done. Perhaps the works committee will make a move ta the matter. During the afternoon I epent a pleasant half-hour over at Mr. James Redfearn'a establishment. He leases the training tracks' and stables, and in the boxes I saw a couple of old friends in Rufus and Plnnger. The former is best known as the winner of the V.R.C. Derby of 1884, and as he carried 8st; 101b. and ran the mile and a half in 2min., 41gsec. he most be credited with an excellent performance. Since that memorable time,' however, he has failed to Bustain bis reputa tion, something having been radically wrong with him; but when I saw him on Saturday I thought I had never seen him looking more blooming, and as he is in the Caulfield Cup at 7st 91b. and the Melbourne Cup at 7sto 31b., Mr. Morris Jacobs ought to have a! chance of regainingeome of the money he haa expended on him since he won the Derby.! Plunger, who was undoubtedly one of the beetnorses of his day, wilt not race again,, and Mr. Itedfeara has determined to dispose of him for stud purposes. Well grown, with plenty of substance, and a capital record, ba should be worth a trial by some of our Mod'' masters. He was a good stayer, as he testified when he so easily won the three-miles race at Rand wick, and his victories in our own metro politan district stamped him a first-class • horse.. I shall never forget how he cams through his field in the Melbourne Cup. I was on the hill at the other aide of Jonath on « cottage, and had an uninterrupted view of tha race. Pigott brought him to the front about five furlongs from home, and atone time it looked as if he were going to win by lengths,! but when he rounded the turn he collapsed in a most remarkable manner. The hone ia in rare condition to commence the season,'' and should he beget a few like himself be will take high honours among the sires of the season. In separate boxes I saw three colt ; foals that are likely to be hwd of some day.j The first was ja son of. Nqwminster and! Imogen, who belongs jto the gape twnily aa Fii»t Kins, to whom she u poaelyrelated, t for ahe iabytbo same ties, King of the King,] and her dam "was by Ebor .from Maid of the Mill, the ancestress of the doable Champion; vinner. Thia colt is a credit .to the rising aire who is lord of the harem at Werribee-, park. A very fine colt by jit Albans froma tnaw named Emtenie occupied the next box^ and eqnally promUm^ looked tpehay colt hy, St Albans from Queen Mary, ajropngsterwita rarepover, and all the charaftterwhca oftha St Albans family, In the paddock, walking aboat,IaawFlanger'efoil brother,*gpmd-( looking brown oplt with a white* ' |ngdi>e a good aealofDaytbia.: faarn'a aake.be sot followed by , , filly. hotDerbiinaao jistinguished brother, but as racinglike a Oily as one need wish to look at A filly by Maribyrnong from Penitent, although a smart-looking youngster, didn't show the same bone, hut I liked very much a full brother to Perfume, by Xewniiuster lrom Primrose. It is to be regretted that the Murrumbidgee Turf Club bas considered it advisable to reduce the distance of the Wagga Cup to a mile and a half 1 suppose the members of committee arc convinced that by shortening the course they will command a larger field, and as the public like 10 see a goodly number go to the post, I suppose there is something in favour of the alteration. It will be observed that the race will be run on the second, instead of the first day.of the meeting, and this change I think is a commendable one. The club adds 300 sovs., and this, with Mr. G. P. Wilson's handsome gold cup, should attract a b:g nomination. Intending nomi nators will bear in mind that the Cup and other leading events will close on the -3rd of August. Mr. C. S. Guest has forwarded copies of the book containing the programme and entries for the llawkcsbury Racing Club, and those who intend to assist ar the meeting to be held on the Sth and 10th September will find that they contain a deal of information which is likely to be useful to them. As the Bteomer by which the lion. IV. Robinson's horses were to be conveyed to Sydney was detained, they did not leave New Zealand until Tuesday. 1 don't know if they will run at the A.J.C. 6pring meeting, hut even if they do not it is quite likely that they will remain at Rnndwick a week or two before leaving for Flemington. Olds, who won tiie Newmarket Handicap on William Tell, is now in ,1. King's employ, but is open to engagement to ride for anybody who may require hita. . At the Liverpool (N S.W.I meeting African and Astnou ran a deal beat for the Liverpool Handicap, but the owner of Astrcva refusing to ran off African walked over, and claimed the stake. At the settling some of the book makers refused to pay the full sums won on ■ African, alleging that the walk-over was a mere arrangement between the two owners. If bo. according to racing law. the bets would Imve to t*e divided in proportion tothedivision of the stakes, and if the owner of Aetrma re ceived half, of course the money in bets would have to be put logether and equally I divided. I believe the mailer is to be sub mitted to the A.J.C. As the Victoria Amateur Turf Cinb intends to adhere to the intentiou of holding a race meeting on the 2Gth Jannary, perhaps it would lie advisable for the Victorian Club to decide on .Saturday, the 21st, for Jls annual race- meeting. The (Jeelong Racing Club wili require Friday and Saturday, the 27th and 28tb, eo the latter date is not available. At a meeting of the committee of the TungAiuab Race Club it was decided to hold the postponed races ou Thursday, August 25. Entries for the principal races close on Monday. August S. Mr. Ju mes Wilson, bin., has named his colt by First King troui Vardiev " Lons dale." ■ As we are fast approaching the spring meeting of the Australian Jockey Club it may be of interest to turimen generally to know that the full programme appears in tlie adver tising columns this week. It is not yet what it-might be, but it is-a marked improvement upon the bills of fare that were provided by the A J.C. not so many years ago. The first day's card opens with a Hurdle Race of 150 aovs., two miles and a half: and this is succeeded by the Trial.Stakes of loOsovereigns, a mile and a quarter weight-for-age race, for horses that have not won a prize exceeding 60w>vs. in value. The Derby, with its 500 soma added, comes third, and-is likely to be a much more interesting event than usual. The Epsom Handicap of 250 so vs. is a mile race, and as the winner is not penalised for the Metropolitan, there is sure to be a large Held. The Spring Stakes of 200 so vs. is a mile and a half weight-for-nge race, which has occupied a- place in the programme for years, and has often produced a most exciting contest The Weiter Handicap of 150 sovs. will conclude the day's sport. The overture on the second day will be the Shorts of 150 ■ova., a handicap of three-quartere of a mile, and then follows the Richmond Stakes ot 500 eors. The latter event is for two-year-olds, atfd has already closed with 59 subscribers. The distance is four furlongs and a half, and the contest will probably give us something like a line for the Maribyrnong Plate, to be run at the V.K.C, Spring meeting. In the Spring Maiden Stakes of 150 sovs, the A.J.C. has adopted the special weight system, which has proved so popular iu Victoria. The Metropolitan Stakes of ,500 sovs. is likely to he a race of an intercolonial character, for Hew South Wales, Victoria, and New Zealand are all sure to be represented. It was a wise move to introduce an Oaks into the bill, and with 300 sovs. added the stake is rich enough to attract the liest of tiie fillies en gaged. The Squatters Handicap of 150sovs.. one mile and a quarter, will bring the second day to a conclusion. The third day's card will be composed of the Suburban Handicap of-150 sovs, Grand Stand Plate of 150 sovs., Craven Plate of 250 so vs.. Two- year-old Plate of 160 soys., Second Foal Stakes of 300 sovs.,; and -the Sydney Handicap of 250 sovs. Tiie leading attraction lor the fourth day will he. the Rand wick Plate, a weight-for-age race of three miles. The members of the A J.C. are to be commended for giving 500 sovereigns to this race, 100 of which will go to the second, and 50 to the third horse. These prizes should, induce the owners oi good horses to have a cut-in, if only for the eeeond and third moneys, for if Trident be himself he will be looked upon as a foregone conclusion for, tiie first There may, how ever, lies three year old capable of stretching the great gun's neck. - The second Hurdle Race ofl50 sovs., Members'Handicap of 150 eova., W'averley Handicap of 200 sovs., Steeplechase of 250 sovb., and Free Handicap of 150 nova. complete an excellent pro gramme; and owners of horses will hear in mind that the general entries close at 4 p.m. on : Monday, August 22, by which time the first forfeit lot the Metropolitan most be be declared. - Ajhotoughbred horse possessed of all the qu&litiefe; essential to success on the race cojfne should be thfe animal to select for the _ -- - ■■ \>& sounder pr gamer racehorse than —nlever trod tuff, and I'm glad t.fae is to be at the service of the j \- tiie coming season. As a three ogton was agre&t; performer, -le ^ ne. W^ aM - thei ,fthd foryeaifhe oo» tinned -■■—' all sorts of, weights. ' * breeding should r-ykiⅇ? and *Woo'tobtd1 Monday, Aucust 8. The Uandwick stables purchased for him by Mr. \V. Cooper are being prepared for the reception of Trenton and Co., and when Isaac takes up his abode j ill his new quarters, there will be only one stronger string at Rand wick, and it will be that of the Hon. James White. New York, after indulging fn a long spell, has been put into work again. Mr. M. Moran has removed his horses to Brighton. Mr. Allred Page, the well-known stud master, has been elected a member of the Tasmanian Parliament. Mr. Oxenhnm tiasn't- had much luck with Gipsy's Warning, who lost the number of his mess at the Liverpool meeting last week. In the principal handicap Thakambau, Aafroia, and Gipsy's Warning fell, and the last-named was so seriously injured that he had to be de stroyed. Several other accidents occurred during the day, and they arc all attributed to a sharp turn in the bend of the course. Gypsy's Warning has not been a very success ful pcr;'ormer on the turf, but when he won the Brunswick Stakes at the V.R.C. meeting it was thought that Mr. II. Haines, who then owned him, possessed a real good animal. He has, however, been a disappointment ever since, and probably Mr. Gxeuham will be a gainer by the loss of the horse. Those who have horses engaged iu the Melbourne Cup are reminded that if they wish to withdraw without incurring further liability they must declare before 4 p.m. on Monday next, August 1, or they will be in for the second forfeit of five sovereigns. I don't think there will lie a very numerous | withdrawal, and between 80 and 5)0 should ' cry content. I D. Lawson returned to Sydney during the week,and hie string was further strengthened by the addition of T. W., though lie left behind Allison, who has been purchased by j Mr. K. Weeks. j Another horse-tauier has appeared in Mel bourne, and he is styled Protessor .St. Leger. ne gave his first performance on Wednes day, and though he is not 60 glib of tongue as the American exponent of the science ot horse-taming, Professor Sample, he seems to he quite as clever, and practically illustrated how a vicious horse could be subdued in a very short time. Only one horse was sent to be practised upon—a wild-looking chest nut, which, it was asserted, had knocked several vehicles to smithereens, and had bo frightened his owner that lie had leit him in the stable for a week previous to | being placed in Professor St. Leger's hands, j The new tamer, before operating upon his j charge, took the precaution ot placing a j quiet horse alongside him, and then having strapped up the foreleg, went through the ceremony performed by the celebrated Ame rican trainer Itarcy. After the horse had tired himself out he caved in, and dropping on to the ground remained motionless as a iamb. Mr. St. Leger, after giving the horse breatliing-time, hobbled his hind legs, and when the horse arose there followed as pretty r. piece ol kicking as ever was witnessed. He. was quiet enough after this, and allowed himself to be harnessed and placed in the shafts of a cart, and, the quiet horse acting as leader, Mr. .St. Leger drove tandem up Lons dale-strcet and back, the horse that had been operated on behaving himself almoBt as well as the old stager in front of him. Mr. St Leger lias operated on other horses with equal effect, and, having formed classes for the instruction of these who wish to learn the uninitiated should not lose the oppor nity of becoming acquainted with his system. By the ship Port Jackson Mr. Cascard is shipping about 300 horses for the Indian . market, and Mr. F. Weeks will send by the same vessel about a dozen thoroughbreds, in cluding Golden Gate, fall brother to the Sydney Cup winner, Frisco. This colt h&6 been purchased for Lord William Bcresford, i and should prove one of the best coming sea son's maidens. Brinkman, Basil, Starlight The Ghost, Patience, and a Piacator filly are also to go. William Tell goes to the stud, and will serve a limited number of mares at 15 guineas cacli. The style in which he won the New market Handicap and other races stamped him one of the most brilliant animals that ever was seen at Fiemington, and he is there fore well worth the patronage of owners of mares. He will stand at Pine-lodge, near .Siiepparton, and all information can be ob tained frota the town agents, Messrs. W. 0. Yuille and Go. By advertisement Mr. Samuel Gardiner announces that he lias several stallions for | sale. Suwarrow, Precious Stone, Chester ' field, The Hook, FifxTubal, and Ironmould are iu the list, and the last-named three can be seen at Messrs, Campbell, Pratt, and Co.'a parade ou Monuay next. From Sydney I bear excellent accounts of Moorhouse, who is reported to be doing remarkably well 1 shouldn't wonder to see him turn ont the best colt of the year, for he is framed like a Derby horse, and once or twice has shaped like one. Owners and trainers who have horses en gaged in the Geeloug events are reminded that, except for the trot, sweepstakes are payable at scale. The handicaps will appear on Tuesday, and the acceptance of 2 sove reigns for the trot most be paid before 4 p.m. on Thursday, the 4th August. Sir Henry Loch h&B; notified bis intention of? being present, and given a fine day the visitors to the Geelong coarse will have no cause to re gret their journeying thither. The attention of racing men is directed to the advertisements in which the arrange ments for the Geelong meeting are given. Special trains will leave Melbourne at S.37, 10.15, and 10.40 a-m. The 8.37 train will take horses and passengers from Melbourne to Geelong, and thence they will be con veyed to the racecourse by the first local special The 10.15 a.m. train wjll pick up passengers at ati roadside stations, and the 10.40 train at Werribee and Geelong. Return trains will leave J,tbe course at 5, 5.30, and &50p.m., the lost train being for horses and passengere. The BaJlarat spring meeting will be held on Friday and Saturday, the 2nd and 3rd of December. ' Ace basgone into Mr. R. Phillips's stable. Mr. Frank Bobbins desires it to be known that his trotting stallion Merrythought, who was awarded the Champion prize st the National AgrteuIturalSoaiet/e Show, will be cn view at Campbell, Pratt, and Co.'a grand paradewfcxtweelc : Irilbese day*, when5ahMnwters arson the Iook-3ut tor s, %uitable fertPi they should >w& ~ ^ It '^op^r 2,800'7a^Pnt>k<iellent land, and h'M^j^sxs hjeihlinOd as'a Mr.Joel bestCIi he > Pratt, Tl » tarr, Mr. J. H. Franklin, on Wednesday, , August 3L I S. Floyd, the cross-country jockey, met with a very serious accident on W canesa. y. It appears that he always keeps a loaded gun in his stable to shoot hawks with, and so that the dust should not enter the muzzle lhe placed a cork iu it Observing a bswk Bite Mr, T. Gurney's pigeons be rushed in lor tiie gfln, and forgetting to remove the corlc n fired, with the disastrous result that he naa two of the fingers of his left baud blown oil. Mr. Gurney at once conveyed luna to the Mel bourne Hospital, where every attention was paid to him. The metropolitan division of racing men will find their way to Wyndham to-day, Special trains will be provided, and wm re. turn to town directly after the hist race For the Iiunile iiace I fancy Ace, Courage, and Star; Louise Berta, Sydney, or 1tie Forsaken may win the Werribee-park Han dicap : Fickle or Spangle the htecpleclliase , and Stafford, Jocular, or tsydnej the I Wyndham Handicap. ICarumn, who won both races at Fentli qtiin, has been placed in Messrs. \>. Vuiiie and Co.'s hands for private sale. While at Flemington a lew days ago I strolled over to the saddling-paddock. anu found n number of workmen busily proceed ing with the erection of a bar and the conec room, which were determined upon some: time ago. They are situated one on each side of the sctatching-lower, but nearer the river. The fountain had been removed to the bird-cape, which will shortly be enclosed, and then the V.l'.C. enclosure will be pretty well perfect. While iu the vicinity I beard that ilorlense had been under the care ol Veterinary Allen for a week, and had not been out of her box except to nave a walk in the yard. She has been suffering from au affection ot the kidneys, but no serious results are anuci pated, and she will probably be at exercise m afewdays. Her brother, Paragon, for whom i Jr. M'Donald gave 1,000 guineas, has also been confined to his box. owing to having wrenched one of his knees, but he, too.,it is expected, I will be all rigiit again shortly. V> lnle on my rounds I observed that the Lssendon Ouuticii had at last made a move to improve tne Epsom-road, and not before it was required. For years it has been in a disgraceful smte. Some time ago, when the municipalauthonties of Melbourne endeavoured tosecure the vacant piece of land in front of the entrance gates of the V.R.C. domain, and the request was very properly refused, Mr. Byron Moore stated that the V.It.C. would undertake to plant it with trees. No steps have as yet been taken to proceed with the work, li the Beason is allowed to pass a year will be lost Another attempt is to be made to legalise the totalisator in South Australia. It is to be hoped that the eff ort will prove successful. Mr. llees is the member who has taken charge bf it, and it is gratifying to find thai, it is proposed to keep the instrument well, within bounds, eo that I will not be able to run it I he bill provides that licenses shall be issued by the coiumis-1 sioner of police to racing clubs for specified j days, each club to be allowed to use only one muchine at one time for a limited number ot days, a license-fee of one guinea to be paid every day by the club, which is to be allowed to retain 74 percent commission, one-tuird of which is to be paid to the Government for the charitable institutions.. The proposal to devote a certain amount of the profits to charities is following the example set by the French Legislature, which has abolished ready-money betting and legalised the totalisator. It is one which should commend itself to the members of Australasian I arlia menls, and should be adopted in 4 ictona if the instrument is ever legalised here, which, at preseut, seems a very remote contin ue annual meeting of the members of the Victorian Club will be held at the club-room on Tuesday next, August 2, at 4 p.m., when the business will be to receive the com mittee's report and balance-sheet; to elect members to the committee of management in place of Messrs. G. D. Carter, James Grice, and L. L. Smith, who retire by rota lion, but are eligible for re-election ; and to appoint auditors, Ac. On Thursday next, at 1 o'clock, the annual meeting of the members of Bowea's Tatter sail's will he held at the club-room, when the report and balance-sheet will be sub mitted. Messrs. 3. L Saqui, Levy, and j Fountain tire the retiring members of com-1 mittee, and Messrs. Saqui and Levy offer j themselves for re-election. Good entries have been received for the j Ararat Amateur Turf Club, 10 having been j nominated for the Jubilee Handicap, 12 for the Welter Handicap, 11 for the nurdle1 Race, and eight for the Amateur Hurdle Hack Some surprise hat been expressed in turf circles at the Geelong weights appearing on Friday, the conditions of the programme having stipulated that they were to be pub lished {on Tuesday morning, August & I suppose Mr. Bond thought his handicaps might require some digestion, and, in order to provide against dyspeptic symptoms, he gave owners plenty of time to discuss biB efforts. I cannot understand why Ace is called upon to give Goodwood 71b. in the Hurdle Kace, in which the latter and Courage look as well us anything For the Winter Handicap, 1017, The Nnu, Lara, Chitde Harold, The Yeoman, Dividend, Fernandez, Lesbia, and Master Jack look well enough in, rnd, If Oakleighis worth feeding, lie should have a show.' For the Steeplechase, Studley, Kangaroo, and Spangle look best upon paper; and for the Railway Handicap, nothing appears better iu than Derision, Don Gio vun; 1017, Sorcerer, Highlaud Chief, and jocu!«£ 7 >,* < It will be jjem'embered that when the filly Alexandra was raffled for the benefit of the late Frank Xieug, Messrs. Joseph Harper, seb., George Smith, and Thomas Jones in terested themselves in the matter, and after considerable trouble they obtained 1*207, ont of which hod to;be paid a number of bills that were dot. ;Mcs. Leng received £170, and after the hula had been paid, there was a balance of £35 ffs. Cd., which was handed over to Mrs. Dengs solicitor a short time ago. While expressing her thanks to those who hud subscribed, Mrs, Leng did uot seem to be nltogeitbi aatisfied with the manner in which tue htoney naa been disbursed. This naturafly enough has aroused the iudignation of 'Messrs .Harper, Smith, and Jones, who have furnVwedfxm with a balance-sheet, from whidyfc'appears they gave Mrs. Leng sums of £jO, £10, and £153; paid wages {boys), £C lis; Chinaman (for vegetables), 18s. siichimist's Account, 13s. fid.; doctor, £8 $B;pnntmg, 17s. CO.; re laired ID on account olCeatus, ■0f ut Geelong, mV-fT. Jones, £10; funeral expenses, inpddes, postage. -Ac, 4s. 'fid.; f to pcf. J^ng, £85 9s, Cd.: total, ars. W.C, Yuilleand ijr will shortly dispose BGnirniide's horses iu itof several very valu pip some of Mie best of Australian and New Zealand etuds. There were high jinks al the Hurlingham park on Friday, and the stewards very pro perly made an example of two jockeys. They exonerated Tully, the trainer of Countess, from any complicity in the little affair in the Hurdle Race; but on Tuesday night they meet to endeavour to find out who is the owner of Calcutta. They are to be com mended for probing these questionable doing9 to the bottom. Abercorn seems to be much easier for the V.K.C. Derby, and 7 to 1 could be had for the asking. SenATcmsGS.—Lord Wilton, for Caulfleld Cup, at lialf-pas,t 12 on the 26th July; Recoil, for A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes, ifelbourno Cup—Krupp, 0.30 on July 27; Bosmoud, 2.15 on July 28 ; Enfield, 2.13 on July 2S. 