The Limekiln Club. "DE case of Brudder James "Warren, o£ Miner "HTMj Term., will be fast tooken up," said Brother Gardner, as he opened the meet ing, and winked to Elder Toots to push another empty herring box into the store.- " Brndder "Warren claims dat he am bewitched, an' he has written to dis dab to ask it to do snnthin' to drive de evil speerits away. It has got to sich a pass dat the witches take Ms ole male outer de ba'n at night an* ride him all ober de kentry, an* Brudder "Warren feels speerit hands passin' ober his face an* pullin' his ha'r o' nights. Dis club will do sun thin' fur him. If he war a local member we'd core him in about 10 minits. As he am.an honorary, an' fur away, we «halT cross his name off de books and send him offishal notis dat he am a boanced man. "I hev repeatedly referred to dis matter of superstishnn, an' if members can't be en lightened dey can be fired out. De day of ghosts, hobgoblins, an' witches has passed away, an' de cnll'd man who can't believe it has no biznes in dis club. ITebbe dar was a time when witches went chasm* 'round de kentry on an ole raw-boned mule, scarin' people half to death an' leavin' a trail o' fifth on' smoke, but things hev changed. De wedder hain't right fur 'em now, an' the perleece giv 'em de collar an' send 'em to de work house. " Sfebbe speerit hands hev bin laid on Brad der Warren, but I doubt it. I guess Tennessee whisky had & good deal to do wid it. All o* you jist listen to me when I say dat de fust complaint of speerit hands in Detroit will be followed by a scene to make somebody's heart ache! Be keerful how unknown hands pull yer ha'r. De member of dis club who sees a witch had better keep powerful quiet about it, or he'll be turned ober to de Kickiu' Committee to be dealt wid. The seckretary will write to Brudder Warren dat we her done sunthin* fur him, an' notify our branches at Chattanooga an' Knoxville dat he has bin fired." The Chairman of the Committee on Internal Harmony then announced his readiness to re port on the case of Trustee Pullback v. Whale bone Howker. The two members lire in ad joining cabins, and were considered friends as well as neighbours until Trustee gave a molars candy pull and invited in a score of friends and left Sir. and Mrs. Howker at home to chew the cud of reflection instead of his candy. Howker appealed to the club, under by-law 98, defin ing fraternal feeling, and the case had beon hanging fire several weeks. The chairman now reported: " We not only interviewed all do parties, but we ato some of de candy. While we would encourage a fraternal feelin' among members, an* while we believe dat members orter do mo' fur each odder dan fur outsiders, we mus' declar' our belief dat one member am not obteeged to invite anoder member tode sanctity ob' his home. In dis case Brudder Pullbuck knowed dat Brudder Howker had sore eyes an* a bad cough, an' dat his wife was hard o' hearin' an' given to de habit of spittin' on de stove. Deir presence could not hev added to de eclat of de occashun, an' it was fur better under de sarcumstances dat dey be left out. "We would, an* do unanimously, absolve Brud der Pallback from any evil intent." On the motion of the Rev. Penntock the re port was accepted. He said he was glad the case had come up and been officially acted on, as he lived in the midst of many members of the dab, and had been greatly annoyed at {heir interpretation of friendly feelings. He I -vrouid lend a brother member a flat iron sooner than an outsider,; but.when it came down to giving a:party lie should invite and leave out whom he. pleased. . . A TELEPHONE TALE.-It was unfortunate , that just as Smith had asked Brown by tele phone to dine with him, Brown's dog- began to worry the cat; for the only reply that Smith jgot was " Shut up, you beast!" 1 ? CHAELEY : "Tour nose and chin are coming very close together, grandpapa. They'll begin fighting before long." Grandpapa: "I am : afraid so myself, dear. A great many words have passed between them already." ? "I see in the paper that the new comet is visible to the naked eye," said Ani^r to her ,friend, the high school girl. " Would it not be 1 better to say it is visible to the unclothed organ I of vision?" gently suggested Mildred. THE Woman's Authropological Sooietyisan organisation at Washington composed of women whose object is the 6tudy of man. It is an easy lesson for most women, who did not find it necessary to organise, but engage a privato tutor. j FATHER is apt at repartee. He ' was at a house recently where there were no cats. . The house-owner is addicted to punning, and in commenting on the absence of cats, , said: "ThiR is an infelis-itous place for them." Father M'Glynn replied: "That is most un- j feline." * A TOUJfO lady at home from boarding-school | .for the holidays was asked if she would have roast beef, when she replied, "No, I thank you; gastronomic satiety admonishes me that I have arrived at the ultimate stage of deglu tition consistent with dietetic integrity." The young lady was never asked if. she would have; I anything over again. ' I " MOTHER," said a city clerk's wife, " would ! you mind cooking the dinner to- day? It would j please John, I know. He complains so much of the new servant that I shall discharge her the moment I can get another." " Certainly ?" replied the old lady cordially. At dinner John said innocently to his wifo, " Mary, that new servant 6f yours seems to be getting worse and worse!" . THE late Dr. Leishman, of Go van parish, was making one marriage service suffice for several couples. The doctor had reached the critical part, where the joining of hands takes place. There was dead silence, broken at last by one of the brides exclaiming-" Haud on a wee, doctor!" " What's wrang?" asked the doctor. "Hand on a wee till we see. I be lieve I've gotten a haud o' the wrang man." A KERBY landlord, noted for his bulk of person, was lying seriously ill, and one of his tenants, who came to inquire after "the masther," was informed that he was being kept up by the occasional administration of tea spoonfuls of brandy, whereupon he rejoined somewhat contemptuously-" Tayspoons is it? And what good woold a tayspoon be sthraying about in such a wilderness of a man?" A CLEEGYHAN in Perthshire who was more skilful as an angler than popular as a preacher, having fallen into conversation with some of his parishioners on the benefits of early rising, mentioned as an instance that he had that morning before breakfast Composed a sermon and killed a salmon, an achievement on which he plumed himself greatly. "Aweel, sir," observed one of the company, " I would rather hae your salmon than your sermon." Two Scotch worthies, named respectively Wull and Jock, were, as their noses denoted, very fond of a drop of " Highland dew." Meeting one day in the street, Wull thought he would have a rise out of Jock, and said to him, "Man, Jock, your nose is unco' like the last rose of summer." "Weel, weel," an swered Jock, glancing significantly at Willi's nose, "in that ease it's no left bloomin' alanc." WE knew a schoolboy whose one gustatory passion was cheese. Once being possessed of a spare half-crown, he bought an enormous lump of Gruyere, and attacked it in the soli tude of his chamber, and ate until he could eat no more. He has arrived now at mau's estate, that schoolboy, and his youthful feast was en joyed years and years ago; but if you show him Gruyfcre at this day you almost drive him from the table. He ate enough to last him for his lifetime. Ix a rough sea one night, when the vessel, was in danger of getting on a sandbank, Quayle shouted down to the stokers, " Work, you rascals, or you'll all be in hell in five minutes." It is said that the Archdeacon of Man was ..on board, and that on anxiously asking the captain whether there was any danger, the reply given, in considera tion of his cloth, was, "Sir, you are very likely to be in heaven before morning;" on which the venerable gentleman lifted up his eyeSj and exclaimed, " The Lord forbid;" A BANEF.E, who was also a joker, received a call one morning from a tramp looking for cash. " You want some money to get your breakfast, do you ?" Jie said, in response to the appeal for charity. " That's it, boss." "Well, how would this do?" and he reached over with a pair of tongs and picked up a oarbolic aeid-smelling £5 note. The tramp'B eyes opened wido and ho grabbed it quick. " Look out," laughed the banker; "it's just come from abroad, and has the smallpox.'* But the tramp didn't drop it as expected. " I've had the smallpox," he remarked, " and I never had a £o note. Much obliged. Good-bye." "FATHEU," asked Hollo, "why is the snow so light?" "Bccause," replied Rollo'B father, "it comes .down." " But light things," said Hollo, " go up." " Either way," replied father, "it is the same thing. That is what keeps you on your feet; the lightest part of you keeps up." "But, then," persisted Hollo, " how do light things ever come down ?" "This way," said Hollo's father, patiently doubling a light trunk strap and bringing it down heavily upon his son's back, and Hollo, after thanking his father inaudibly, went to bed to conceal his emotion. " Some time," said Rollo, "I will learn to close the cross examination .before the prosecuting witness loses his temper." VKBY 1 TBUE.-A woman is never BO anxious to. acknowledge man's superiority as when her lead pencil gets dull. J: . SEE THE , DIFFERENCE ?-Ho (at .dinnerj: " May I a&Bist; you tothc cheefie, Miss Vaasar r" Miss Vassar (just graduated): 41 Tharila^'no! I am very comfortable where I am I'' But you may assist the cheese to mo, if ybuTnll.'';r':i'' BUDDING MEECHA^T.-Grandma: " Johnny, I have discovered that you havo taken more maple sugar than I gave .you." Johnny: 4 * Yes, grandma; I've been making believe there was another little hoy spending the day with me." / -v> ; . BABBLING BROOKS.-Rev. Phillips Brooks says that when a mother brings him a' baby, to'adr mire he takes the baby, turns' it .oy er, holds it up, andsays: "Now, that.isababy." He thus avoids telling any white lies regarding, the baby's merits/ . ' * i HE TELLS FUE TBTJTH.-She: y 6., Clarence! if I only wore sure that you wished me.tobo yours for my own sake and not for, my wealth.'! He: "Bo assured, my dear, I.have an.utter disdain for money; if you were once mine I'd -spend your money 'rijyht and ; left.' Judge. '.. . . .. ;.f .t,; GOOD IDEA.-A lady who was questioning a servant as to.her ability was in turn questioned herself, and was startled at the Hibernian ask ing to see the photograph of her husband, saying: "Iliko to see what kind of a looking man I am to live in the house with*, and I can tell a great deal from their faces." CBUEL "WoiiAN.-Mr. Softy (to.rich Mdow); " I've read my mind, Constance,: and I cannot live without you." Mrs. Constance :",This sudden shock is awful, Mr/ Softy." 'Mr. Softy: "You must have noticedmydevotion -my uttah devotion." Mrs. Constance^: "It isn't that, you know, but the discovery all at once that you have a mind t" LVEXPERIENCED member (to venerable skip): "Mr. M'Fergus, what'a a patlid ?" Slap: " vVcel, div ye see, ye gowk ! yo dingyer stane cannilie, but na sae feckly as tae hogget. Nao haeflins fleg, nor jinkin turn, yo ken,' but tentiely, that it ayo gangs snooving and .straught as an elder's walk, hogsnoutherin amang the guards, till ye land on .tho verratee. When ye've dun that, laddie, ye'veLmed a patlid, and ye may bear the gree.',' Inex perienced member (somewhat piqued): "Thank you, Mr. M'Fergus; no doubt the explanation is very accurate, but I think its lucidity would have been very much heightened if you had made if in English." Skip: "Tut, man, an' ye'll be a curler ye maun faumeelyerise yerself wi' the vernauclcular." HE was going home to his wife and family. It was growing dark. He had a lonely road from the car, and he was making as fast head way as he could, when he suddenly gathered a dim suspicion that a man behind him was following him purposely. The faster he went, the faster the man went, and they came to a graveyard. "Now," he6aid to himself, " I'll find out if he is after me," and he started through the cemetery. The man followed him. Vague visions of revolvers behind him, sensations of sandbags and loaded clubs and things grew upon him. Ho dodged around a grave and his pursuer dodged after him. He made a detour of a mausoleum. Still this for bidding shadow followed after him, around and around. At last he turned, and faced the fellow. ""What in thunder do you want? What are you following me forV" "Say, do you always go home like this ? I'm going up to*s house to do a job of carpentering, and a man at the car told me if I followed you I'd find the place. Are you going home at all ?" 