BAPTIST SUŁTDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary *f this Sunday School was celebrated on. Sunday last when special sermoiis were preached in the church. The coldness of the weather somewhat militated against any unusually large attendance. At the services, nevertheless, the congregations were good. At morning service the Rev. J. Downing, the pastor of the church preached, and in the afternoon he delivered a suitable address to the children -of the school. The Wesleyan and Presbyterian Schools also were present. In the evening the pulpit was occupied bythe Rey. JŁ Moore, the superintendent of the Kyneton Wesleyan circuit, who took for his text verses 20 and 21 of the Epistle of Jpde. . After ą brief analysis of the epistle' Mr. -Moore addressed himself te the injunction to the Chris- tians of the day to keep themselves in the love of God, together with the directions necessary to this end: 1 To be'in the love of God it was .explained that the: Christian's whole nature was thrilled with the blessed experience that God loves him— that he has been brought into a new state through trusting JeBUsas his Saviour God; an experience of God as a forgiving God, admitting him to untold spiritual blessings through communion with God. The love of God was the atmosphere the Christian breathed, it influenced the whole man and led to the abandonment of everything in the way of sin, the cherishing of Christian graces, and|to|personal efforts to bring other men into the same blessed state. Here the congregationWere earnestly exhorted to rest satisfied with nothing short ait the' full experience of the love of God. Looking-for i the' mercies' of '-thfe -Lord Jesus Christ, indicated fuller blessedness the Christian had to prove. His sins had been -forgiven but his salvation in a measure rested''jn hope, to be consummated in-the-life-of heaven,iwhen his should be delivered , from the sin, trials, conflicts; and temptations *>£ this life. There is a poal to press on to, a prize to ain. The phrase indicated desire ;for, expectation of, and awaiting for the Everasting life of heaven. - "Christians were kept by the power pf -God, but they must not Blacken theu- efforts or yield to indolence ; they must toil, struggle, deny themselves; and follow Christ, bearing their cross. ; One direction necessary to being kept in ih. love of God, was "budding yourselves up in your most holy faith," and this implied consolidation and enlargement. The means of building up in the 'faith were shortly stated as pondering tŁe Word of God, and "praying in the Holy Ghost." These were the chief means of grace, and the serm on concluded with an earnest exhortation to their constant and eamestuse. --'' v.- J To-morrow evening there will be a mis- £eIlaneous fentort^bme«t; in .^e ,i3uirchl OBnsistang of naging, recitations, «od the exhibition- of sMr.' Baldwin'* dissolving -news. - ROUGH ÓŃ' ft/* ^tnWiis lut-lita s roaches, fliw,. juts, bed bugs, beetles n-"^jthtLe iupatjmable toni^W^OLFE's WW'S -tw.v'X-jxc-.L'-ThOVJE:- 