£100 .'EWARD. ;. THEE REGIMENTAL GHOST. BY Ar Er Dwraovrw Ormcmu. cuwae Wi nto har?dly aneo vaning to visit tke! rasidei"e of Mr. Tauuson he bead of "ltseemiuanelt hlneatig 'ea otfauu Son Bros. and.Elliou, of Loomoar.sltrees. Toe old geateman wee not altogether nn. known to me, ann. he had the repuratton of eseg ai?tme sa. esetlme one of the;mou upright and r?e one of Ote hardest of? man. Os shis I soon had an :opportuity ot jude. ig. " I wa received is a ricual frnllahed but particlalrly gloomy speramen "t 'raes' din mat appear to besscnmloreable oner orchair In it ;The tail old gentleman aske me Tnf h ..sateud intie. to, io laurg' table ,5 whiech he SLIwss-pavedi' and - then e piassed a1:itp. or lavener. paper accuse ta me. a.What do yoo call that! he asked. : ?t appeare to ena cnheqe lto' on theou Snud punuds, oeigal br W. tipencer Tauntoo,. 1" ýe lied. ' '. Is app to be, h repeatJ. ' Then you 4\. not thitk is genuine ? n 1 do oti, was my anlewr. '* The slant. tare may be all eaih hbt the flgaes in the Ieltta.td heuer a od tee bolty f he dou nil seem eno have been ampered wlnh.r .Yon ar, right. Do too think the work 1ras been Ikilfoily dot? n, I do nnt' I repled. .., , It is the work ofta niflce,and therefore ther cam~ob le ite dfficulty 'in liditn the clprit. The flact io- my own nepthewi the RIecly Indivtdual. and, 'lir,- lter ihat e ha vpmed between us two becan no longelr ? loatvean. Hie mast be found, laid' by th hens, and proeeacted.' )," ' a" • I oontnueod looking at' the cheque, and the Idea suddenly eawn.d upon.l me esat the pet petrator of this swindle was capahbe of dotn ech finter waor. ItI appeared to me toha the alteration : w intended to' bhe palpable, nod that some kind of m hytery mutt be altt?hed to, the wbehi affair. ,Wll o?a 'hkidly girs me' paeuicularsr?I ached. "?,Mnelphew is : .lieutentst'in'a cavalry regiment now linlat. -. ;After running triJagh his own mooneyl recklesly. he ap pealed to me. ' I, aid his desit and matde him 'acoumhotable allowance." ?'e seeams o'har ullot noaiit f'character. A few onys agw he came o me and contessed that he was ainin eamharrassed.' I received him in this room, nod be made a clean breast of his snorrcoto nre. I gave him- a avoeetlc'ture, ist. con. oelded br"writinr him a cheque tort hundred pomands a my 'last uonwillcr ontribhoton to his ezturavgance. The unhappy youth etc obliterated the ?ord hundred by s me chemical proenaand subatituted "thousald.' By'adoing a cpner to the numerals, the swinde he looked upon a'shetng complete. HI. has tot actnlly'forted my name, hat the conl i equally elriouas; and mcn h as the teanalreaulcu and' disrtae gylr?e me,-I shall nut swerve from my duty Itl ha.ndl ng him ver for punibhmsnt'to the nauthonllio, Maylil ank'i?tke mosey wel'pa?t' - 'Fortunately. ci 'was-' nos "'"T'be chief o?cialsat. the -bank kee of myr feeling t owarde"'my:nephew friom is pat feat lvingl, aed ie waso ch:a palpable alteration that it was'detected at once.- . o''. Who presented the chelae? 'It s. paid in:to the bankilt account of Captain Brlsuoe, of his own re.iment, aid doubtless rwal'.llnand over i, payment of ambling debtsL The money hae not 'beet, collected, 'batche crime is thone toe leae a crime.' My' peopleuat hthehnk sent 'for the City police, and a privatea"luthnt officer wetlt dowu to the quarlers of the rlegmrnt but the culprit could not oi found: ' preferla'man of 'wano I know 'snmethlf," otd 'lor 'i ' have ?tnt ifr you. What do you thi tk of the 'l cannot'sv yeL.' What'kind of'ohirecter dose Captein Htriecne otstt.in?' ' ?ellent I 'irreproechanle'l"?t'rurnmed the old gentleman; with more earreslness than hebhal hilbertodisplayed. . ,, -cPromisilg'to "dn my bell ;in thes pecliar case I asked if Mr. 'TL'autooton had any portrait of his nephew. Re rang the'bell, od a foot. man entering, he said : 'Go to your mistress and sask her for ap'pr' trait of ArOchi- Mr. Carrington.' SA. peoullarly faint carte.de visit. was brought me in a 'few minutes; and I was condocted from the room by the solemn cero vant. An I came-out into the hall I caLuht limpae of one of the bribhteet-looking girl, I ever' saw in my life.' She was Jut dis ptnelring withio the threshold of a brilliantly. lit room opposite, the general aspect of which ,eontra'ed pleasantly with that I had just left. Upon reaching the street door, the footman said in a low tone: Sf My mistress desired me to ask you to wait a few moments.' ". Almost the next instant a refned.lookinae maid came from the room I had Jous noticed, and slid : SWould you kindly leave your pravnet addres?' My mistress earnestly desires to see you on very particular business, and asks if to'night would be convenient for a ocll.' I had noticed that both servants had u-ed the words 'my mletrees'rather potntsdly, and began to snuspect that the female part of Mr. Taunton's household had a different kind qf intarest in the ounhappy Mr. Archibald Car. vineton'to that entertaiced by that gentleman himself. '-I gave my card with my private addres, Business w ,ll'detii'rs'i Cf b home nll thin evening 'and as Ie polt'an unnoticed glance over ty shoulddr revealed the' yotte lady I had O5ao before lookIng anxliously from the 'door of 'tier room. Thifa 'wanrnot the simple matter It fcat aptpiered' to be I felt cerain now.. e. :c ia.. I proceeddd h'omeat once and thought out the case before rm.' It'di; not take me long. considering thbe'limied information ,I !e poesesed,'to cobe.'tu a: co9toa . 'Tlci proved 'prett' ar'eteae, in' dryhe"w?s,,, bowe'er;' lomi wh'a' aqridos for t1''r*mi'ed Interview, and rai y disappoi;ntl aan'ur alter hoor pasel, an tii?oonnea. pptred., About ten o'clock I tjonghtbout,.'goin,our. 'btlus t then I rtm.ntberrd hat iuallpro. .bability nine ; o'clock would pass' hef?e "dinner would-.be over in such a fashionable establishment ae that of Mr. Teunion'-. • • At half-pant ten a cab drove up to the dbor. 'andd two olooely-veiled Idies rapidly alighted. ' Thet'wer'about Co knock, but I had hbeeh at ':the.tt ieiidoom window, ad opeoed theb door In Ile itoadmit them quietly. SAskingR them to be seved, I wailed silently for whatever. bthey proposed eubmittiog to 'The maid nai te lb firt to draw up her'veil, and eke proceeded :very Intelligestly to estate "tbhe ca aS.I already knew it but bteing fulily aware of the value of time to the ??ong lady ?esent at weUll at o myelf, I said ' ''ou will pardon ' m seeming bteptncs, but we may as well nodesrstand esch other 'at oace.' "'I ounciade' that yon consider Mr Archibald Ca?ningion innocent of the crime "wbth whlch'nb Is oltred. ' If you wish me to ' coof sup betrfee cpon--and him --on must conod In me completely; At the same time .'I hops you wilt ueldelarsd 'thlt'l do'non r.. we: f h am. pa . '. aN;u-?d e"las th.?dI? :.'-.uded.e. byl'nddsnly.'elksgq her vell aid dae' 'layIng "as? meIbL e fiMIfirwi I &PpolIitiaon;" Zol.Nmsoet..aud d .bat' keiJ'dia eysefale :diee, aIrtbe beq slHlt, n teklss bl'di kotlon. ' I ll onfioD in you,' ahe laid, deefelveal, ia lOwalw waef ,~plsaUnt oicl. ' Hp conulon ial.capal.hi.oLonmltloig the crime of whichh ha bI een ccuaO eld.' 8he lhqn,,t ocldliableInulth; erpitines that the accused sppaL oficer was of a aUnn and genalI dfIpoel tY o. etha he had niner beaen broulht Up a vwnwlife In a Very serrlou way ;,end .ui-aL eplaed dsqply and bhaked It?hucee,, iedelt eelr ? t- . wee more" from thosskNsemmes.' aks. d lnnti ato zravance and victolrnaee thaI he erred. 'In additio tqBthle skprom .eded, ' he haauIi aloeg been 1e4o ~elieaV that bhewould be, in a gue, the belt O hna, myfather. . ., Pardon me,' I interrupted; .I-know that KI.taunlon nhns eonls hut ! fail o undone stand bhow. M. ..Ot.riopop conId expect to become bi unclo'e heIr while the aitler had ,.,' Soe bowed he fine' bead, at·this somewhat hadeer~peecb i, bet it'wel ceafg the?.' -eaden! Ihad lnaiwy ,ad ooeld aot ipaee ..:&r; enad demy 'dwt Hedne fies wia deepl Sasihed whrens~la h id her eee to minte, land wihout another word I sndmrtou4 the .e?o ot clrely, which I had already half. dinoed, 'Teb fbac tI Ieentinned, 'ther exbteld, '• ,.ui some of l ie Carrlngton'. exesese woer ,h.aovered, a kind of family anderelmtadl ; that he should oldtimass merry you, Mls ' Now we oome near the.ppfnt whilc.I nnut ,have mado clear iff yl to prove thlI y lon gentleman's Inoocnos--if 'tbe IIsinno. -enl. Do yaon know if he ha'alu enemIel s' I know o nas His nature Is oopen ma uny, thait ho can have formed no -' so, I: e m pretty woeliellefied on shat' eo.loua myself i"a L reglet-l talt L"a, ones more"compelied: to mter'- upon delicate ground;- lamwere you cannot feel ofieddso' at sImple oflcll :inqulriee;'which remain ou. known o sall the wortl but myeelf., Other sentlemen have doubtless aspired;to the nonnr 'of an alliance wish you, Miss Teaun ton • ,Oh, yes,' she repil.d, slm?nt hurriedly; 'bas no one, I feel certain, who could descend to the terrible orime of endeavoaring to' rlin a fellow cresntre for such a purpose.' * Ah, MIew Taunton, yon cannot know human na:nra a TI know ill But you'car. avoid she pain of a further pureaance of this sobject ,f you mention the names of some of your more favoures sultorsa' ' Antd suhmit them to the surveillance of the police? Never l' ' As you pleses Permit me to mnind you that it is the llherty-perhape the lite-of an ,innocens man that is as state. That man i yonoll-your.owna consin; and it I am not mistaeno he has a deeper etaim upe. your iff.tnines than mere relationship would entitle him tt.' -" .". ' ' e',ie taunton humt her head gain for a wor seI'o,.do, and the.l aid, in a low voice: S'Mr frtner har for some mime favoured' the seit of Captain Bienoe, and he has been much at nor house liately.' 'bThank onn,' I proceeded. ' Antd now when your father sated tor a portrait of Mr Cartingron, you sent me the oldeet and leslt perfeea of alt you had in your' poseeeelo n; you did not wish'me 'to arrem him. Al iretent It appear. to he' my duty to arest him; hbut we ieople recognise a higher dnty than arreling nmerely slspecled 'person Our hiuthe.t avid fire dutylIs to clear the nnocents and find ont the guilty. If 'I am to he of service to Mr. Carenlton 1 must be ahle to fled,hlm. To find hlm easily I mast have a hetter likeness of him than this;' and I handed the carte to her. ' I tres in you unreeervedly,' she said, am she drew a heavy gold necklet and locker from her neck. Touehing a spring in the latter, It opened and displayed the ' codnter feil likenees' of one of the brightest faces I ee maw The e? ression was perfeclli-joyou, frank. and ingeenaes. Being a beautiful work of art, I had the exact colour of the hair and of the eyes. The former was 'bright golden. yellow. while the latter were olf a strrng light.hlne or arey hee that gave a peoulise appearance to 'the whole men. It'eeemed, even in the portrait, as if those joyous, transparent eyes could he wonderfully weird under a change of mood, and this prepared me in some deree for the remarkable occurrences that tollowed. PAIrT'II. T wa rnot larprised'that Lieutenant Archi. baltd Carington did not face his accusers. The hareh treatment received from his uncle led'him to believe, no, doubt, that he would find no favour there. It was, of course, very apparent to me that he was not only vers boyish and easy-going in his way of living, iut not yet blessed with any great trength of mind. " Before entraiel the police. Ihad "been in te army myseltf, and, as fortune would "bave is. orl morn thrnoe occaslion' my regiment and the reglimnt fit· which Mr. Carrington belonged shared the sae quarrers in different i artliuot towns. Hiaving been troop.tereant. major of my old oorps, I had no difficulty. in reneaing old acquainceehips with the 'cer.etanls' mess at .--. It is ne.dlesl to s'ay that t toot no one illnto my conddenie regarding my business or my new calling. I was 'engaged in a warehouse in the City, enjoying a very late holiday '-for Ocrober. ea fir- advanced. There wao only one opinion iqegadina perr 'Csrerlii,on ill the regliment. He was loved mnd pitied, hot believed guilty-In the teore itat he was supposed to have 'succumbed to a sutdden temptation. be yuneer offircers, 'who were his more immediate companioin, 'declied to credit that he ever tampered with Othe oh' qie. ncsane he was nothing of a pen. tmon, aid had never been known to talk Of the inlgsnitr of some.people in connection with haendwriting. r I rook up my quarlers at the Wellington Inn, which was kept by an old companion in arumi ; but a good deal of my time was spent LIn the billiardroomnof the sergealts' mess in 'the barrnack. One night we were visited by a closeness of atmosphes that would not have been Ont of 'place in July. In addition to being hot enerally, it became sultry to an intolerable degree. Atr oset I finished playing a game wiri a friend, and he was about to light the gas, when he was called sway. The gam will only make the place hotter,' I remarked. ' Lave it until you return.' All right,' he cried, as he huried out. I eat down on the window Peat, and was soon nearly falling asleep. Presently, how. ever, I was aroused by voices beneath me, and I soon realised that the speakers had come to that spot because a quiet recess was created there by the demolition ofa temporary shed. 'I think I've got news of your governor,' the first apeaker said. SYou don't say so i' I do; That's the reason I axed Iyn ont o' the croteen. Look here. Illt et you e?r that's his handwriting:' and the speaker held out a letter to his companion. It is. I'd know it in a thousand. The poor youon fellow I Where' can he he? You have,'t given it to the captain set? 'No; ht I know where Lieutenant Car. rinuton is fcr all tha.' ' Yiu doh?' • 'I do. Can't you read the p I'tmerk ' 'Ah, of coarse Let'a e. It's Kingston.' * 'Kingeton's not far from here. I'll bet he's written to the uv'nnr to meet him there.' ' If he has you'll let me know as soon as yor can If I could only manage I'd try to run over an' see him, for he's beena'good mastero to me; b 'The heat master In the regomeot,' rethned' Captaln"Bliscoe's man. 'My devl ie getting 'worse an' worse every day.' - "''The speakers now slowly returned to the doorof the c?nteen, and I"clealy recognised the two men wh had been pointed onot to me as the servans of the eitprctid Carrington, 'and the gentleman to whom he had given the 'doctored. cheque.' " I resolved to be present at the' meetig of' the gentlemen, if a meeting was wwhat the1 letter propoe d. Fhlling that, I'"'hoold endeavour to find Mr. Oarrington'mysilf'in his new retreat.: I had jtst come to this conolnuson, when a grekt volume of rite seemed to buret ont of the heart of the mass of leaden clouds han ing'overhead. This was followed by such a 'heavy peal of hunder as I have seldombeard l England ; and then, as the valn came Pouring down in torrents, I saw a dark figure steal' from 'the very Ispot where thea military servants had been stanlding and hurry towards the harrack gates Looking out, I beheld a deserted sentry.box, behind which a man could easily have concealed him. ielf. Who could the thlrd peson'be ? Was the City detective on the iims track ? Nothing more likely. He knew nothing of Misne Taunton's belief, ee., and would doubt. less arrest the runeway oficer on sight. And then I began to uak myself if that weu not my dut alio. .Tks more I pondged the' less easr,? became ln mymind. My, duly plainly. -re to areret tbe mn lapon whbo tiliackI had been lst. I weel ollUpposed to put myself up 'in thlaoee . of the iadg, wbo "ehonid oeuvsigbly 'rh l. It wontwld- be for theJory afiei ml ," F cosld not ipirTaloul fae ooni ofmy mlnd rtri of her vole out of my lars. fine omseer I wee becoming I ,Picvat. policemen are speclIyt wained to he cautionl of female infinence. Under the influence of thoe consideratlons' felt iUclined Ia hurry at onse to Kinglton and atest the culprit. Then I almost \--colved' to return to Loudon ci' onu aid Isave the whole matter in the bands of the City officer. . N0, I w?lld be 'done'by no rival, and so I concluded to follow my ortginsl plans. . An boor elaped bsfore the thundsersorm .plamid away. and, during the whole of the time, the llghtning fluhed and Ihe tunnder roiled in a manner thai We tolny eppallieg. The ralo camedownincesauntly, and at limee perpeudlculla halert oc ahetn of 'oplque water came eieepingacrosl she bsrrtck-aird. Tbe wind began to howl in seeming 'sriul - Hion ef the aetllery of the hsavnse, and 'alot. tether the night wea inch a ltormyone that I iet satisfied no one weuld endeavr to go to Kinglton that night. Nex, morning the gale iwal somewhat abated, bii the rain slUl' came down wllh a reeleuth,.kratl, rendered s0peedy . eesalion hopolnee... The barrckylaird, We washed \---foftly ae; tlb streien wereeqnlp l .oleaut, hnutl sneewsre and th guttere wene fooded, 1 aid,.the rtver wee not oely ovelflowngl ti-' bank?, ntsr uling with flaful rapidlt sea. wuds, hearing upon lte clayoolourcd surfaoe at. klude ol' wrnokeg herm caceee Of i hullOckeown to caLa and dogi, and from the framework of humbie hoUse to numbeolees frmntenof 1l kinds of Pibr and wIther. woeLh. , . ... . .. . - i .... . I spentibemoat of the morntog wIth ihe sergen ito charge of the canteen, but nothing of interest to me eruerred utlil noon. when I wee thininghof cpproachil Capteln Briscos' servnt ti sIome mor dilosc misuer. Jest tie h :lut"sa'lnit:F Ar. t maragto'e ra , mt, and afid: SJuatas I thoeght 1' e lmovet's order-ed hise do rcert foe half'pait three. Hre say be' going of is thunders and Uightes as it did lut night.' ' To the same plaee that we thoaght abon, ' ' Yes, the same.' ' Atr rou going with him r e No ; he alwys! take -has groom for seek diet,,cue' 'I wi.h I could change with Bill.' N,' Nhe.nce. The governor's temper Is nlo?erable. :Ile emeeh., hie clock thie uorningl because heforgot to wind it up lest night.' I d,4- notr wait for mao. My friend the landloid of the- Wellington had .a nice trap et a emarnt aob sotI went ena arssengd to have them out that afternoon., SI stried snout a querte- past thrne, and went leisurely along the road, uotwithltind. ng tnne wet. I never travel farwithout my nvaterpro'f.f, Mt I was quim eoofoetabl?,.wbee I eard whel. in my rear. I .1 kept jogging' on,. and preesetly .glsansl behind, rt, And a talli dogcart, dran by - ine horse, coming speedily along. Behind this high stepper eat a tall, dark sealesman, who held she reine In the moat approved manner. I was anxious to hear whatever might he ald, and was rather pleased oafind thet Captain Brieoe wee in the habit of vueaking as itf he weas at the head of his troop in the hat of an engagement. As the deogart crept steadily along, I heard him a.y to his aroom : ' We will pull up at the Bowling Green lan. You will leap down and order a lase of brandr and water for me, and when you have hrought it, you wil estroll into the Gireen.' SA the dogerit asseed me at this point the captain pauted. Immediately he draw ahead he resumed: ' You will And an unused skittle alley at the end of the Green. The. youngster, wse to wait for me there. hut circumetancee might prevent his coming or staying. Should you And him there, come back as once and lesa me know 7I could hear no more, but I had heard enough. As I increased my speed, I began to shink how I should get ahead of the ceaptain now. He would never permit anything to pense him 'on the road which he had once oane.d no all I could do was to keep up fair speed and trtst once more to what is coin. monly called ' the chapter of accidente'--a if anything ever happened thbat hbed not a purpnee I I was agreeably surprised at the end of ahout three milee to fnd the captain draw up in front of a roadside inn. Since hie home did not want water, it was evident that the captain himself required brandy. I took advantage of the delay to peas, and, once out of eight, put my cub to his bet speed, end this I kpt up nO til I reached the Bowling Green Intn, where I decided to stay, and, .fter very little trouble I esuceeded in' getting into a dne open spece between the fence and the'ball-'.f the thatched skittlealley, end immediatetl beneath an open window, in through which I could climb with theearatest case were it necessary for me to intrude upon the gestlemen. Presently I heard the step. of someone sound upon the wooden skittle alley. ' It was heo doubt the man whom I was engaged to capture, and yet I could not move until I had heard something of what occurred between him and this peculiarly saturnrie captain. This delay caused me one of the greateet surrises of my whole career, and I very niunh doubt If ever another officer we so much satotnded in'shesmamt way. A ter a brief delay a second person was heasd. Thils.wa the groom. 'Glad to see you well, air,' said the latter, 'C?ptain Brince isi outside, and will be here immediatelr.' All right, William,' returned the fugitive,: in a voice that seemed ms interesting sad unusual as his cousins. 'Drink my health, there's a good fellow, and tell Briscoe not to delay.' I heard the men depart, and presently a heavier, more reruler treed was heard upon the travel. Then the tickety alley literally creaked'under the heavy footetese. 'Ah, Carrington, how areoiu r' drawled the newcomer. 'Can I do anything for you ?' ' Can' you ask ?' cried the other, in a broken voice. ' You, and you alone can clear my name and honour of the foolest, most un. natural, and meanest of crimes. Surely you can tell where that accursed piece of paper was from the time when I handed it to you on Sunday morning and the hour you .paid it into the bank?' 'I scarcely see the object of your inquiry,' taid Captain Briscoe. 'The cheque lay in my pocket,hook alt the time.' Imposihla l' cried. Carrington, almost fiercely. 'You know the cheque I gave you was simply for one' hondred poonde. Some one must have tempered with it, since you are incapable of such an act yourself.' 'Pardon me, I cannot see the object of such a statement. The cheque you ave sme wos 'for one thousand pounds, and hy'ite payment you took up an I0 U of the same amount. Don't you see, if "some one," as you say. had tampered with the cheque while it was in my possescion that I would not he likely to pay in a slip of paper I thought worth only one hundred pounda for ten times the amount r 'Richard Briesoe I wasee. told.by p.dozen fellows to avoid you as I would avoid the dieil. ,I see it ail. I am yoor dupes-your victim-tnd too late I know the stake for which you have so boldly, so villainously played.. Cowardly saoondrel, . hypocrite, forger, and liar, ieaven willyst avenge me I' Iwas preparing to leap in and.prevent a serious encounter, when I wae amazed by hearing a strange voce say: . 'No usee using any violence, young ir. The' acse iseclear stough, and I arrest you in the Queen'a name.' I hesitated no Innger, but of coured was too' late. I fond Carrington in casto'dy of. Ingpector Haideer, of the City, 'who shouted' out: i score 'his time, Lockhart I' The'prisoner was deathly pale, end his light' coloured eyes h?d now the strange, weird ex-' iresnlot' in them I havespoken of before. til. his face rw a mucah more pleasiant one than that of CaptainBrincoe, whoatood in thi ktiall 'door ieowli?t, and arimly tr iutphantbt I"'thought then,. e I' think:.now, that any iude?ht of human nature would anve 'jaged the captain the'guilty party, and the yell.w. haired, botish'looklog prisoner as innoet0i of the Crime As a child in arms. ' I felt very' bitter. about my defeat, but nererthrless determined toacompany Hamer and the prisoner to London. When we reached London Bridge the storm had increaed in violence again' the river we flooded, filling the cellarc of low.lying' houta ih South London, and, high'water just being asut, we could se tha? the .tide was running out with terrible force., "The prisoner was not handcuffed, for' Ie ,was the gentlest of men. Upon being arested he said he was glad the suspense was over tnhat he wr innocent, and that he was sure nheaves would prove it in ite own time and Th.e moon h en irloing o thlle iirouglh ttie heavy mawee of caresring, inty cloudi rwhe Ithb cab reahed Lodon ,Bjdgo. 'I amemr would perttstinGaoco.pa linfhlta the potle ation to Imaain mh tsonitthittion dthe artet, and after ' llttle aoniderit[oa - -thought it would iew:lteet for m:t:odg so,. He weju- nsfrteflhntgmiho. be camei t. kno. of the meeting plee.,'t the Bowliiing oree Inn. •It seoms he hbd watcbed and avoidsed 4, e1oee I hid gone down to --."e .ebkd tbt cersint. of Brindas iad CarigceSte slated out tohm, and'ulnawdrho i owto•d?¥ sh; 'ae wi oIn the e lentelo n wrihn af'fnd .eh he ii"t"d t"he qptlemt won ilhlsibr to thC other to go round tb the eadhbf the btildinc. Re had done so. and havihg • htlldit,'" ·I' uppolsed, behind the. sdnlry.bh, ha Iltd d.iv. heard alt I bhd heard from the billlrroomoi window. on ' ' o enter the mew. he boldly went, to his quarte?, and, londing his servast in teb sittinogrom, asked him to go fur hie muete. Re told him not to hnrry, u he had slenty of time. gaas hima, shilling far e big driok, and in his ebeenoe he fonnd Certington'e letter, naming the kLittle allehy as the olae .o sppolotment andt the tsi•a um 1v o'clock, or about that timte-infonmiaton whIch. [ill, got on the road from ihe eartain'es 0o mouth. [iau.r we just; telling me that he didn't wait for Brisco'e 'rtutro., it for the t• of thei' seirant, whein 'there cme a terrible cralh' and a most siar'tllng slhteb The .aeb had .clli?;d wish a h•Msiy.ladso 'm",Jhno. or o fwhq.hai comre , j occtrreanc right'untder 'he sti 6esf ovo a tore of people. Carsinlion wpi the aset fo diernimzee hlminlf from the wreck of. the for-wheeler, an 'I: quickhL follo'ed, elf.0tsonsd, . Imagne m, 'otld or and amszement'. whi , e ,x: .' .hI' rapidly anid..delibermtly .croes the pavement ap. upon the parapet frpm one' of thn scaiobf the. rcess-:eand" then plnare heel foremost Into the awollen Cod rapidly. runuieglrIer I The puesogere no the 'bh: abtieked, I ran to look oees the bridge, hut Jjua. urau Ia ouau wue uoiwo rad. WIt;l I; dOemeout' al?n thire we oia 8in of the un appy mn. and Shne who khew the tate. of th waer bet, said that if he ecasled itbinct orunnd againea the beree moored Just below, he would never be able so keep afloat furthe down. PAAT III. A dllfigured boos of a yoeng gentletiii was found a few dare afterards ; bat Miss Taanton, who had beard the terrible itory, wag too ilrl t' ake any mseasure towards rtcoEncttlcd.iL enor clerk from the bank sen ;. t, ' though he believed he eaw p(i|ene of loats Caerlngton, the whole JIMMl comueidesed *nutlsfaiory. Never he wae hbried as the 'clprit.add eatlieed the law. nouz nth puaed, and I wau once more tarpised tn receiv a atmmons trom Mr. Taunron. He wee evidently. near his end, and if'would be Impouihbl to affrm that he was in his risht mind. He wee seated u I found him before, hut his stout frame had be. crmne rsnnt and thin, his eral lockL atrajgling *nd white, hin pale akin hrunkn end paroch ment looking. S1 have given orders to have thousands of hills orinred snd dimrribured, offerips one &.sedredrpood srted or to he apprehrnelon or ms nrpiew, Archiberd Carrington.' ' But he Is dead, air, and the law il estie led. , * But I m nobt' the old man said. 'I va tain yoa once more to find him. You will find moner rnouh there for your expenses for eix montha ' and he handed mea cheque. 1 have written to the Oummisaioner for per mission tt retain nou for the length of time named. I lhe aeskd him elco to peniSt p to claim the reward of one hundred pound ; for that ye* w11l tfnd him I am eertait-yre, Srereali ea that we both si here.' Of coure I reported all this to head quartser, and wea inetructed to act In o way,' aI doubtirte the old gentleman had been driven 'inlame by the truio end of his nephew. The eerrh was fated not to end he?e, however. Moet people, no doubt, remember tome pararegphe that wnt the round of the. pnper ahonal the time of which I am pePk ing. They were. usuallr headed 'Tn ,RroIMIrAL Oels,'end spoke ofsomeryoun officer who, baving died traiceally, was it the habit of visiting hie old comrades in the form of a epirit. e was sometimee seen paing badly in at the mea-room window at oth pi slowlyderaendilg the staireose of the qurrters he once o6ccpied himself In H- ; ad several times he wea beheld out In the moon. light in the barratk.»ard. SAt last a new phabe came over the story. The regiment was removed to Alderbhot, and on the third nifht of their star theapparition aseod in at the window of the mees.hat in the North Camp. His former comrades saw hie @ad, pale.blue eyes aid 'waving yellow halr very distinctly, and the mitter bad a rrat effect upon all. One ofier, howver, Captain B-, who sat light oppoelte the ,window, we eo excited that be had an epi. leptio fit, and wa now seriously ill. Mie 'Tsanton, the ahot -of her former radiante plf. viaitednme that night, and drew ni w attention again to thea paregraphe en'ling .with the asuiiihes of her belief that 'her eoesin wa atill alive. and that it wi' he himaeif who wue haunting hbi old reit. 'ment. I then told her all that occurred between Mr. Carrington and Ceptal n Briscoe in the 'skittle alley of the Kingston inn. 'I know my cousin in innocent,'. cried the young lady. 'Captain Briiooe tought to re move a rival for my hand, buat the sopposed 'death of my cosnet gave me an excuse for not easine him mualn.' I tookup the raeonre morn. I went down' to Aldershot add foonntihat Briecoe'm papers had been er*n in. iThe 'shoes' was attilbuted to he the cau-e of his reaignation. I followed him to town that nilht, and saw him noter a gamhling hell near Piccedilly. the owner of which had heen ' An Expert in Havidwritit". once connected with one of our mattnrpolitan polic..nourls. He had, howl)ever, tone to prinn'for aserious offenc, and had lived on gambling ever since hi; release. :. SCaptain BrUicoe opened the private door with a n...t-Kr. HEe aend: D Mnrlienville were friends-perhaps parnuers. My ide»s were tapidly formed and'acted upon. I rang nd aeked for the.proptieter. SA so' n aq I we seted I said: SI am a police offlcer, andif you demire leniency of treatment, you will make a cleans breast of whatyo know of the cheque that wae altered here in lsaat October.' The fellow- began to bluater, but I slowly brew my 'bracelets' from my pocket, airing: ' We know you are not the principal in the cale, and therefore gave you the opportunity of explaIninig.' ' Will you admit. me to Queen's evidence, and I will tell all' . cried the sconndrel, cining immediately before my random shots.' SI promise you nothing,' I returned, coldly. 'If you are not the principal, however, you have not much to fear.' That gave him confidence. le mede a clean breast, of it. Brifcne bribed him.to aller the. cheque, asnuring him that the offnce would not be serious, since he never intended to draw the money. .1 nailed the policeman on the beat, whn rent me hi sergeant. We entered the chief saloon, where c'rtef and . baccarat' were toinnon. Apptntching Captain'Briacoo I laid that I hould like to speak to him in the next room. Herone with a look of proud aner on his flnshed face, but that immediately changed to fear, apprehension, and horror. and hoarsely shouting, * Again-again I' fell to the floor, writhing in sýony, a- foam; tinged plentifully with blood, isrued from under his large black moustache. Tnlrninz, I saw, not the apparition of Archibald Corrinston, but Archibald Car. rinuton himself-pale, thin, emaclated,'and melancholy.looking. He had suivived the leap into the wiver, having hunk on to a mooring.hnny ontil a waterman, passing,. oheerved and drea him into hig boat. Hie hid memory enruah to get into a cab after rewardino the cood man, and, drivintl tothe bachelor chambers of a retired fellowr-offcer, he wal heartily welcomed and carefully anrsed through a long illness. It was this friend'A idea to hatint Briscoe like a ghost, and the plan undoubnhtedly served its purpose,. I took. him to Miss Tun'ton's that night with Captain Edwardes, his friend. Captain rlaerni remained under police care at St. Oeorie's Honasital for four days. whrh he recovered oontclousnese suffclently lono to confess his guilt and the mercenary object he had in view in getting Carrington ont of the way.. A broken. constitution, then suac combed. and further notoriety. was avoided Mise Taunton and Carrington were soon quietly married, and as .he inatmed, her name when theyr.,returned from a long tonr on the Cohtlient. all the evil 'past was foro gotten, I wase permitted to accept lhe hundred pounds reward, and I' am itll known in some aireles e thefellow who laid 'The Regimental Ghost. 