ROTES ON CURRENT EVENTS Miea Annie T. Parkee (daughter of the Premier) is to tarn the first sod of the Pearce'e Corner—8t Lonarde railway on Wedneisdaj next ilOth instant.) Tbe chairman of tha Citj of Sydney I mprbTement Board,iti an interview "With Henry Parkes' bin. Friday; declared iho Aot nnder which tha Board existed practically an workable. ; The Emperor of Germany has for warded a magnificent mitre-to the-Popo, accompanied by an autograph letter. 1 "Tho increase of rewncdi-for Joly 1— 28th of this yosr, ao cothpared with tbe corresponding" period of last year, waa declared to be £158,000. 1 Tho motion of want of confidence in the Tasdanisn Ministry was defeated on Friday night by 17 votes to 12. Sir W. Manning (Primary Jndge) has decided that the Newcastle Borough ib Dot bound to supply tho local hos pital with water free of charge. 1 The bones discovered at Penrith (in connection with the recent "ghost-bunt") tiro now deolared to be in all probability the remains of animals. ' The Queen has deolined to accept Lord Chas. Bereford's resignation of hia office as Junior Lord of the Admirslity, which he tendered owing to a breach of etiquette on his part. The President of the Cobden Clnb, in England, haa warnod freetraders therefthiV %'? protection' attacVis im pending. ? 'i : Hanlan has pnt op hia last deposit for hia forthcoming match with Beaob dn theNepaan. ' China intends to aeize Port Hamilton aa soon as it-is eTacuatad by England. Thia is regarded as a ohallengo to Japan.. '' *"!'"?? ? 400 Maoris attempted to prevent the arrest of Te Whefeo, a natire chief in New Zealand, for ily grog- selling. The armed constabnlary then fixed bayonolf, and this frigktsned the natives. A portion of a property at West ? Maitland, which was sold twenty yeara ago for only £2, haa increased ao much in value that it is now estimated to be worth some thousands of pounds. Tbe latest news received in Cooktown by the China mail reports that tbe Ben Leedi went ashore on Boat Bocks on the 18th. Tbo crew and passengers were saved, bHt the vessel was plundered by Chinese fishormon, tho steam piper even being torn away, the winches broken np, evory partiolo of brass taken, and tbe saili unbent, 