I THE THEATRE ROYAL. At the representation of " Human Nature" on Saturday evening there was a very large audience, and the play was produced with that efficiency and excellence now so characteristic of the management of this theatre. The many scores were changed with astonishing promptitude and exactness, and their marvellous beauty won unceasing admiration. Nothing could be better carried out than the storming of the city of Dongola, or the march past the monument of Nelson at Trafalgar square, and the presentation of these two great pictures deservedly met with the hearty applause of the entire house. Whatever may be the defects of the drama in the sense of plot or dialogue, it cannot but be interesting when represented by a cast, which includes the names of Messrs. G. S. Titheradge, Philip Beck, G. W. Anson, Mrs Isabel Morris, Miss Agnes Thomas, and Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner. Mr. Anson does wonders with the character of Horatio Spofkins the law dock, and on Saturday evening he was again the chief entertainer of the vast audience. The two juvenile parts were very nicely impersonated by the little Misses Daisy Chester and Edith Drury, and the other characters one and all were sketched in the most satisfactory manner. The music was good, the costumes and appointments appropriate, and in a word the production in every sense was a splendid one, and worthy of all the patronage it is being accorded. "Human Nature" will be repeated this evening and until further notice ? Shakespeare's popular historical drama " Henry V. was repeated at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday evening. Mr. Rignold's representation of the great English monarch was dignified and heroic. The play is well staged, and the battle scenes and tableaux were" presented in a most effective manner. The internal arrangements of the charming theatre were all that could be desired, and the piece promises to have a successful run. The Alhambra was, as usual, crowded on Saturday night, and thoroughly well received. The performance opened with a scene representing Britannia's power." This was followed by a minstrel entertainment and an also, the whole concluding with a laughable farce. The Spectroscope at the Academy of Music was largely patronised on Saturday. Pepper's Ghost stalked the stage, star whose weird appearance, Mr. Foster gave a laughable exhibition of ventriloquism, and Master Bennett astonished the audience with his musical skill. Mr. Kennedy, the Scottish vocalist, will give his final entertainment in Sydney at the Protestant Hall to-night, A new programme of songs and humorous stories is announced. There was a large audience at the Criterion Theatre on Saturday evening, when the charming Shakesperian drama of "Romeo and Juliet" was again given by Mr. W. J. Holloway's company. As Juliet, Miss Essie Jenyns won golden opinions, whilst Mr. W. J. Holloway, as Romeo, was also admirable, the other characters being in Ewe keeping. The scenery was excellent, the costumes exquisite, and the performance generally was highly appreciated. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs as follows: At the Theatre Royal Simonsen's Italian Opera Company have performed during the week " Li Sonning bula," '" I Fromessi Sposi," and " 11 Trova tore." The house was well attended on each evening. At the Princess Theatre "Dorothy" will be withdrawn after next Friday, and will be succeeded on Saturday by " The Mikado," with Leonora Braham as Yum Yum. The comedy " Mixed," with Phil. Day as Bosco Bllthors, was reproduced at the Opera House on Saturday. At the Bijou " Held by the Enemy" continues to draw crowded houses.. 