PARIS[?]AN ECHOES. PARIS, 9th April. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) There is no reason why romanciers ought not to have a “go” at divining the political future of Europe, as well as owl-eyed states men, dried up diplomatists, cobblers, and village politicians. It is thus that the Austrian novelist, Sacher Masoch, au ’Ebrew Jew, claims to have the key’ to the enigma, why Germany hesitates to attack either Kussia or France. The old Emperor is an idolator; he worships the associations of three pictures; one, where he is represented visiting his mamma’s tomb, Queen Louisa of Prussia, before setting out for the IS7O-71 campaign; second, Napoleon I. and Queen Louisa, after the defeat of Jena; and third, the picture of King Kaiser William and Napoleon 111., after Sedan. These three paintings syonbolise iu a way the last will and testament of Queen Louisa, for it too has its legends like its predecessor, Peter the Great’s, which some authorities assert never existed, and is a practical joke perpetrated by the First Napoleon to crack up peoples against Czars, whether white or red. Emperor William, according to M. Masoch, was deeply attached to his mother, as is every good lad, not forgetting the French. The crushing victories of Jena—a little Medan—of Eylan and Friedlaml, caused the collapse of Prussia, and broke the queen’s heart. Further, Napoleon did not spare any humiliation to her Majesty. She expired anathematising—the conquered rarely’ bless the victors, upbraiding Austria for having abandoned the Prussian Kingdom—which Frederick the Great carved iu part out of Austria, and in blessing the Muscovite for lythe interviews at Nicmeu—doing all that was possible to save the Hohenzolleru crown. The Queen left, as a dying injunction to her children, the rehabilitation of their king dom; the chastisement of Austria, aud the nethermost —hades—of humilation for France. Hence, why the present emperor vowed, as if by the hump of the holy camel, or all the hairs in the beard of the Prophet, to revenge his mother. This explains Sadowa and Sedan. Many think these conclusive events were not due to Emperor William’s platform policy of revenge, but to a con catenation of political chances and blunders, which Prince Bismarck had the genius to foresee, and the iron will to farm, agaiust the most head-strong even of all his adver saries—the Emperor himself. Pity’ Her Majesty’ did not live a decade more. She would have witnessed the up rising of Russia in 1S12; of her own subjects iu lSl.'b.shc might then have heard the lapping of the waters of the Beresina shroudiug heca tombs of warriors; have witnessed the glare of the conflagration of Moscow, and beheld the wholesale massacring at Leipzig, where force was demonstrated to be a perfect cure. She could have gloated like an irri tated Sultana at the adieu to the Old Guard at Foutainebleau, at the great ticket-of lcave man at Elba, at the Imperial-recidi vist at Waterloo, and the last act of the tragedy at St. Helena. Surely such punish ment, such sacrifices, ought to lay the manes of Queen Louisa, and satisfy her sons, with out calling in the Eumehides to perform further vengeance at Sadowa and Sedan. Reform bills, not punishment, it seems, are only final in this world. M. Masoch con eludes that the Emperor, having accom plished the mission leagued to him by his mother, has got no more work to do, France will not bo attacked. Bou langer, as well as Queen Louisa’s wishes, counts for something in the reticence of Germany, and of course Russia will not, she being regarded as a vessel of grace. Clearly her Majesty’s ghost was not satisfied with the collapse of France in ISIS, since it had to be done ngaiu in IS7I. Can M. Masoch assure the world she rests easy in her marble tomb even now at Charlottenburg ? If not, will the Society of Psychical Research tell us? An nnsibylline reply might save brains from being knocked out, or, what is more, purses from being emptied; and even put a break on that “ old man in a hurry,” Mr Maxim, and the bvinging out of his Infant cannon, firing a 2210 pounder eight miles, four times a minute. All eyes are still kept on Russia. Will the Czar blow up Bulgaria, Turkey, or Bri tish India before the Nihilists project his Majesty into space? The odds are in favor of the anarchists, who, if they have nothing iu their pockets, have something iu their heads. Opinion fears war is imminent, because the “ treaty ” between the three emperors has expired. No treaty ever was signed, sealed, or delivered; the autumnal maiueuvres of the crowned heads were only big palavers, where minutes are no more taken than at Cabinet council meetings. It is the Empress more so than her husband who is nervous now by' all the attempts at assassination, and the extraordinary precautions taken at Gatchina to make His Majesty death-proof. Gatchina is six miles from St. Petersburg; it is neither a Windsor, a Versailles, a Pots dam, nor a Scluenbrunn. It is a plain, three- storied building, with a tower at each corner, originally’ Greeted by Peter the Great for his sister, then presented by the Empress Catherine to Prince OriofF, her favorite, and later purchased by the Crown for an occasional resting place for royalty. The Emperor Nicholas converted it into a kennel, anil the Gatchina breed of dogs is as famous as OrlolF horses. Gatchina is situated in the centre of an Aldershot camp; next, surrounded with a walled-iu forest, the inner circle being the enclosed gardens and pleasure grounds. Around the forest walls are links of sentries, 50 yards apart, and changed every hour. No person is allowed to approach the castle without being well examined; the servants, even, are supplied with admission cards, which are changed weekly. Inside the castle, no room or other doors are allowed to be locked, either day or night, and the governor of the palace, as well as the detectives’ superintendent, have the right to visit every room when they' please. The Czar likes lonely promenades, fishing, boating, and gunning. When ho ventures abroad, the detectives fol low him, and arc sometimes shot in mis take for Nihilists. To induce her husband not to stir out, the empress has had con structed, two extensive underground gal leries or cloisters, for his promenades. And ail these superlative precautions, to protect a ruler against 100 millions of subjects. How he must envy Presidents Grcvy’ and Cleveland. The one-man power, is not synonymous with happiness. “ All around me sleep,” exclaimed the poet Ncgdanofl'; there are two exceptions: the Nihilists, and the postal authorities who open all corres pondence without ceremony. But the Cabinet Noir is not wholly dishonest; a relic of the angel in man is left, for after the slips touching on the political condition of Russia are extracted, the private letter is allowed to pass out of quarantine. 