TALES AN D SKETCHES. An Vnfoi'jtiiialo nBlitmlcr. Captain Frkklancb's return to Unvenscroft was quilu an event in that little ihiltshiro village. Tho captain wah the nephew of Squiro Fairiax, »f .........lUUIV ....... Ill both his parents had loft hU uuclu liin guardian, and it must be confessed that the hohaviour of tho young umn did not mnko thut office n sinecure. In fact, both before and nftor ho ontorod tho army yonug Froolanco wns asdiHsipnted and rccklesB a boy as ono could woll imagine. Squire Fairfax could prophesy no very brilliant future for him, and was rojoicod whoa bis coining of ago released him from tho painful duties of guardian ship. Soon nftor ho attained majority, young Freelnnco's regiment was ordered abroad, and it was now after fivo yoars servico in India that tho scapograco returned for n lime to lita uncle's roof. ; Ono enri guess with what feelings Squire Fairfax awaited his nephew's arrival.. What sort of a man hnd tho dissipated boy turned out ? Was ho wilder than over, or had ho become, na wild boys often do, an unusually steady and sober man ? . Would ho como back aged and brokon at tweuty-scvon, or yuuug, strong, ami iinnusoiuo as no should bo? The accounts of his be haviour in India wliinli reached Squiro Fairfax's oars assisted bint nothing in trying to answer these questions. ' Sonio had described him as a warning to young men, others as a model. Whon, then, Captain Freelance wna ushered into the study where Squiro Fairfax and his only child Emma wero awaiting his arrival, it was with ill- concealed anxiety that the former roso to greet his guest. But in a moment his anxiety disappeared. Captain Freelance was no longer the worn and dissipated youth his uncle hud remem bered him. As ho stood there, tall and erect, with his broad shoulders, resoluto face, and gallant hearing, tho Squire thought him tho very beau-ideal of a soldier : thoro was not n trnco in faco or manner of debauched habits or nn abandoned life. If his nephow'a reformation brought joy to Squiro Fair/ax, thoro was anotlior person 'in tho vitiligo to whom ib was extremely unwelcome. Strange to say, he who regretted tho young man's dosertiou of evil wrys was tho rector of tho parish. Tho Hov. Dr. Blair, for reasons of his own, did not rojoico over tbo return of tho prodigal nephew. IIo SAW in it tho tvteaililn dnfoni nml mn. fusion of nil the plans aud hopes of his lifo. Dr. Blair lmd an only son who had not long returned from tho university, where ho hnd distinguished himself. Ho was as uuliko his dark-browed, bitter, energetic father as possiblo. Palo and fair, with a delicate, girlish fnee and n quiet, gentle manner, George Blair was tho delight and darling of all tho ladies, old and young, for miles around. IIo was in ovcry way worthy of their esteem. His father had made him his curato, and tho thoroughness with which ho performed his duties, and tho kindnoss and thoughtfulness ho displayed in dealing with tho parish poor, won for hiui. respect and admiration from sevorcr critics thau his femalo friends. Dr. Blair loved his son with a warmth and tenderness surprising in a man so cold and stern as he. Porlinpa this affection wus tho ono soft spot UBUnlly to ho found in tho hardest nnturcs, or perhaps it was a survival from a bolter self. It was said that bo saw in the boy's delicate face and gentle manner a reflex and reproduction of tho wifo whom tho rector in his youth had loved with an exceeding passion, and whoso early death had darkened and cmbit- tored his life. For his son, the doctor was ambitious. Whilo George was still a hoy, bis father had planned a bright future for him, and ovory step ho nftciwnrds took was adopted with duo regard for that plan. Tho Ind was to go to the univorsity ; from it lie was to return to Uavenscroft ; there he would bo his father s curato, aud, in propor time, would bccomo tho husband of the heiress of Squire Fair fax, und succeed alike to Bavouscroft estate and llaveuscroft living. That George was scarcely a fit mate for Miss l'jinmn l-'nirFnx, and that tho Hquiro might suggest the governess, littlo Mies Ivylenf, ns a more suitable partner for him, nuvor entered the doutor'o bond. If it had, he would probably have scouted it as absurd, lu his estimation, no ivnnmn nnd no fuluro were too irond for his handsome, clever boy. All went well for a long timo. Gcorgo Blair went to Oxford, and took there a good degree. During his courso, he spont his vacations at Bavcnseroft, and was a constant guest at tho Hall, where he was a great favourite with the SSquirc and a greater with Emma. When he became his lather's curato, tho interest and esteem with which ho was regarded at tho Hull did not diminish. IIo was there every day, and spent much of his timo in giving Emma lessons, and in walking with her and Iior youthful governess, Miss Ivyleaf. Everything seemed prospering nnd tho rector was only waiting till Emma attained her nineteenth year in order to come to an understanding with the Squire, when tho approaching arrival of Captain Freelance was an nounced. For tho first timo, a fvur occurred to Dr. Blair that, after all, his plans might not work out an harmo niously as he had expected. Ilia alarm wah justified. No sooner had Captain Frcelanco arrived, than ho showed symptoms of boing attracted by his pretty littlo cousin. To tho doctor's confusion, Emma showed still stronger symptoms of being attracted by Mm. She began to noglcct George's lessons, and he frequently found himsolf loft to tnko his walks with Miss Ivyleaf nlono. Emma and her cousin seemed to bo always togcthor, and his military stories, jovial cbat, aud hearty laugh had an absorbing charm for her. Indeed, in the matter of wooing, tho palo young curato was a poor match for tho dashing soldior. Whon tho latter ontored into tho rnco for Emma's lmnd, George's start counted for little. As Captain Freelances success becamo tho more obvious and pronounced; George Blair gradually withdrew from tho contest. It wns in vain that his father rohemently urged hini on, and demanded togivoupso easily bis "greatest chnnca of fortune. Tho young fellow' wns not to bo encouraged. His spirits fell ; Mr quiet manner bccamo subdued until it was oppressive ; lio grow solitary ir. his habits and melancholy. Ho seldom wont noar tbo Hull, ami when be did, it was not in Emma'h, but in Miss IvylenPs, company that ho passed bis visit. At last tho long expected announce ment was made. Captain Froolanco and Miss Emma Fairfax wore engaged to bo married. It seemed to come upon George, not as a blow, but rather as a relief. For n little timo ho appeared to regain his spirits. Ho tried ovon to win back his father's confidoneo — for his want of courngo had created a marked coldness between thorn— but tho doctor, enragdo at tho failure of his plnns, re pulsed him. Tho young curato, then, after a feeble struggle, fell back into his previous depression. He went about his duties melancholy nnd miserable ; and ho avoided Ms stern father, whom ho seemed to regard with terror and np- prelioiision. It was a week or two after tho on- gagmcnt was announced that Gcorgo Blair wont one Sunday evening into his father's pulpit to prench. As ho ascended tho slnirs, ovon in tho dim ovoning light, several of tho congrega tion noticed that ho was ghastly palo, and that ho seemed to totter in his gnit. Ho hud juBt given out the text, whon ho was seen to grasp tho cushion before him, ns if to steady himself. Ho stood thus in silonco for a moment; tlion, with n gasp, ho rcolcil back against tho stone column behind him and sank down soii8elcss. Tho wildest confusion prevailed in tho church. The men sprang excitedly to their feet and stood staring, uncortam wlmt to do ; the women all screamed, and not a few fainted. Emma was ono of the latter, whilo Mies Ivyleaf, worst of all, went into n fit, and had to be earned from tho church. Br. Blair aud Captain Frcelanco were tho only persons who preserved their prcsenco of mind. Without a moment's hesitation they hurried to tho pulpit, nnd, lifting tho unconscious man, bore him to tho veutiv, whore they oudcavoured to revive him. Finding tlioir efforts useless, they scut for tho doctor. When lie arrived, to tho general horror lie pronouncod lifo extinct. At tho inquest which following, tho doctor assigned disease of tho heart ns tho cnuso of Goorge Blair's death ; hut ho did not seoiu overconfident in his opinion. Qo said that tho heart was undoubtedly unhealthy, but scarcely in so diseased a condition as ho should have expected. His chiof reason apparently for giving it ns tho cauro of death was his inability to discover any other. Tbo jurors, bowover, wero satis fied, and returned avoidictin accordance with tho medical evidence. The curate's decease wrought changes both in tho villago and at tho Hall. Dr. Blair's sorrow was for a timo over whelming. Ho shut himself up, and, refusing to see uny one, abandoned him self to his grief. When at length he emerged from his seclusion, ho wns bitterer and sterner than ever, and less iucliued to mix with bis follow men. Nothing could iuduco him to visit nt t.lin TInIL ITn ftiinnlv stated tlihfc tho true cnuso of his son's death was Emma's heartless desertion of him ; and that ho believed this, tho hatred with which Uo regarded her aud her accepted lover was proof. Tho whole place — village, Hall, aud county— had become ab horrent lo him, ami ho resolved nt tho first opportunity to leave it for cvor. It was to London that ho hoped to go. Amid its crowds and oxcitemont he trusted to got rid of part of his sorrow. At tho Hall tho chief chango wrought by George's death was the departure of tho youug governess, who lmd bccomo Emma's companion — Miss Ivyleaf. Tbo fit bis dramatic death had brought upon her proved a very serious affair. Sho kept her bed for a week, nnd when she left it she wns ns palo nnd flesliless as a ghost. After n time, as shosliowed no signs of improvmcut, the doctor suggested a change of nir. Squiro Fairfax, who bad come to regard hot almost ns a daughter, offered to supply whatever money was necessary for ns long a stay as needful at any place tho doctor should select, and insisted that on her recovery sho must return to Emtna ; hut tho young lady .declined his kind offer. Shu had, sho said, ns much money ns she required, and that if she recovered, sho hoped that sho should sec thoin all ngain ; but sho could never ngniu he happy at Uavenscroft. It was all that Emma could do to extract from hor a premise to writoto them, but this promise was not long kopt. A letter or two unnie to thorn from Torquay, and then tliry ceased. And whon, a week or so afterwards tho 6quira went to find out tho cnuso of tlioir cessation, ho discovered, to his surprise, that on tho day hor Inst letter was posted, Miss Ivyleaf hod started for London. More than a year had olapscd boforc Dr. Blair got tho transfer ho so earnestly desired. Then he was fortunnto enough to effect an exchango with a City clergy man. Tho dutio of tho new euro wore not heavy, nor wns tho income, but Dr. Blaii was satisfied with both. Tho onorgy which ho had onco displayed in tho umuugement of his great Uavens croft parish had, for tho timo being, disappeared ; and tho desire for wealth, strong enough whilo his son lived, had died with him. Ho wished only for rest and change, and hia transfer to London gave him both. Tl.tt Tli» ni(im ti'n n HAt fl.A ...nn 4 A romiiin idlo long. When his sorrow hogon to press loss lionvily upon hint, his nl.l energy oamo back. Living ns ho wns in tho cantro of tiie world, Tooling tho heart's throli of every groat hopo and groat movement among moil, Uo could not long remain a moro obsorver. Uo bccamo interested, nnd from being interested ho bccamo nctivo. Ho threw himself into inovomonts which won his sympathy, nnd worked for thorn with tho resolution, nbility, nnd resource thnt hnd always chnrncterisod him. Ho soon niado himself a power in tho Metropolis — a power to bo reckoned with by ovory ono who sought tho suffr age or favours of the pcoplo. During tho half-dozou or moro yonrs Dr. Blnir wns engngod winning this power and position, tilings had advanced nt Uavenscroft. Captain Frcelanco nnd Emmn had married, and a year or two after their innrringo tho squiio lind diod. The Captain, now wealthy by the union of his wife's fortuno with his own, had abandoned tho nrmy, nnd taking a house in town lmd begun to look to Parliament for his future honours. Ho commencod to frequent political meetings nnd to dovelop political opinions. Ho mani fested a sudden intorcst in tho welfare of tho working-olasses, and boenmo a valiant assailant of tbior wrongs and griovanccs. Ho soon waxed popular, too. His fine, manly apponrance, his froo and jovial manner, and his dashing stylo of speaking mado him a favourite at ovory public meeting ho atteudod. It wns to be oxpcctod, then, thnt littlo time would olapso boforo somo con stituency Bliould nsk him to becomo n candidate. It so liapponcd that several asked him, and tha ono ho clioso was in the metropolis, and in a district whoro Dr. Blnir had won more than his ordi nary inlluonco. Whilo canvassing tho constituency in the expectation of tho eurly retirement of tho sitting member — who had been promised tho noxt commissioncrship in iuuncy by tho Government — Captain Freelance ono night mado his way into a meeting whero Dr. Blnir was expound ing his viows on somo qnostion or otlior to a lnrgo nudionco. Tho Captain had heard of Dr. Blair's influence, nnd was eager to win it for himself. So tho moment tho Doctor had finished his address, Captain Freolnuce. pushhig his way to him, hold out his hand in his genial mnunor, and congratulated his old friend on his aldo speech. Dr. Blnir only then saw tho Onptnin. Drawing himself back, ho glared at him with a ligur's look, and then, without uttering a word, turned his back upon him nnd his pi dferod hand. With a flush of nngor mid disappointment on liia faco, Captain Frcelanco withdrew from tho lmll. Ho saw that if tho Doctor's sor row for his son's death had abated, his hatred of tho man through whom lie helicod it enmo about had not. Ho felt that lio must count on finding in tho clergyman his hitlorost and most able opponent. B it Captain Frcelanco wns not tho man to give up a doubtful linttlo. IIo know tlint Dr. Blair possessed onormous inllucnco in the constituency, but lio resolved to defy it. With nn ndniirnblo courage and rcsolvo ho set about tlio tusk of winning tho people's confidence Mooting nftcr meeting bo addrensed, Imnen nftrtr limicrt lio viaifnrl. lintSI 1m was known to all, and lio himself know nearly all tho olcclors in tbo pines. Dr. Blnir worked bitterly nnd persist- cr ly against him ; ha spared no effort to injure him ; and yet, in spito of all his exertions, lio wns enraged nnd inortifiou to find the cundidnto gain io popular favour ovcry day. Tho clergy man's exasperation and chagrin wero extreme, but ho resolved in his deter mined, relentless way that before long, in somo way or other, ho would have an ample rovongo. Among other things, Dr. Blnir was a member of tho School Bonrd, Ho took a deep intorost in education, and was stern nnd inflexible in bis enforcement of tho education law. In this direction his Bcvoiity of toil brought him into conflict with popular feeling, nnd no grentor proof of hia ability nnd energy could bo given than that, in spito of this, bis influence roiiiuined unshaken and unimpaired. It wns soon nfter tbo passing of the new inquisitorial rules ns to tbo examina tion of parents uuablo to pny school-fees that Dr. Blait wns presiding nt a meeting of seliool-innnngors to examine parents. Two or thrco wretched persons had appeared and stated tho reasons why tlioy could not pay. Thoy lmd been all severely cross-examined by Dr. Blnir. Tlio noxt to nppenr was miserable, poorly-clad, vet Btill Indyliko looking woman. Tlio momont Dr. Blair's eyes foil upon bar, lio startod witli surprise, and it was a littlo timo boforo lio could compose himsolf sufficiently to begin to question hor. Sho 6ecniod sninzed and terribly un nerved by tlio sight of him. " Well, Mrs. Leaf," lio began, " you wont exemption for your boy Gcorgo. aged nino yonrs f" " Yes, sir," slio gasped with a shudder. " Whoro's tho fathor?" Mrs. Leaf flusliod crimson for a moment. Then, hesitatingly, sho "Do not try to decoivo mo," cried Dr. Bkiir, in his severest tone. " Your boy's father is not dead. I know you, nnd I know liim. Ho can bo compelled to support his child, and as long ns you rofuso to tnko measures to compel him to do so, wo must and will rofuso to pormit tlio boy to bo schooled nt the cxponso of decont people." Mrs. Lonf, who lmd been polo and disconcerted from tho moment alio saw Dr. Blnir, grew paler while slio wns being questioned. Sho listonccl to Dr. Blair's severe speech in n dazed way, witli downcast faco. When ho hnd finished slio took a stop to Icava tho room. But tlio shock had been too groat for lior. Boforo sho conld roaoli tho door slio sank down on tlio floor fainting. All along tho othor gontlomen presont hnd been discontented with Dr. Blair's sorority. Somo of them had muttered their dissent from iiis docisions in pre vious enses ; but they woro afraid to stnto boldly wlnt they thought : tho clorgyman was suoh a torriblo antagonist when ho was orossed. His conduct, how- over, towards Mrs. Loaf drovo tbom to dosporation, and mado them reckless. Tlioy revolted against liiui in a body. " This is too bad I" criod one. " I should say it is I" said another. " I think it 1 ittio short of downright oruolty." " I'll stand it no moro I" oxolnimod n third. " I'm — I'm blessed if I will 1 I don't onro who it is 1" Dr. Blnir felt himself that ho had go no a littlo bit too far, but ho was too astute to admit this. Without uttering a word, ho glanced round tho managors. They becamo Bilont beneath tho look of his fiorco black oyos. Tlion ho deigned to speak, " Gentlemen, boforo you judge mo," ho said, "you might, perhaps, hoar what I bavo to say, I know that woman. Sho used to ho Mrs. Froolnnco's governess." The managers glnnccd to ono another, a littlo surprised. Ono of them, how- over, a Mr. Farthor, who was ono of Captain Froolnnco's committee, fooling that Bomotliing derogatory to his candi date was intended, aBkeil. " Woll, nnd what of that?" " What of that 1" examined Dr. Blair, forgotting discretion in his oxultation. " Why this : that woman is his victim 1 Listen gentlemen ; just ten years ago Captnin Frcolanco camo from India to his undo, Squiro Fairfax's. This woman wns then governess thoro to tho Squire's daughter, nnd Freolnnca's future wifo. Somo months after his nrrivnl every ono noticed Miss Ivyleaf looking ill — after tho Captain's oagngouiout wub an nounced sho bccamo ill. When slio rocovorod a bit nko loft tho Squire's nnd nothing moro was heard ot hor until to-dny. ' Now tlio hoy is nino years old : ho must hayo boon born soino months after sho loft Squiro Fairsax's ; the only young man uhout Squiro Fquiro Fairfax's was Captnin Frcelanco. Cun you doubt tha conclusion? Cnptain Frcelanco is hor child's fathor." Tho managers looked at ono anotlior. The enso certainly lookod black. " I don't boliovo it," said Mr. Fartlior. " Captain Freolnnco would bo incnpablo of abandoning a girl under such circum stances to povorty." " Tlion got hor to clear his reputation. Got hor to tell who tho boy's father is." " So I will," said Mr. Furtlior, doggedly. IIo felt very slinky ns to his friends innocence ; but then, unless tho afl'nir was cleared up, tho Captain's reputation was gone. If he wero guilty, tlio truth could do liim no more harm than would ho dono by allowing things to remain as tlioy now woro. Miss Ivyleaf by tliis timo wns, undor tho caro of tlio porter, beginning to recover. Whon slio hnd regained hor sonses sho was brought back into tho room, and Mr. Fnrthor commencod to question hor in a gentle tono. "Mrs. Leaf," lio said, "it is of tlio greatest importauco that wo should know tho linmo of your child's fathor." " But he's dead," murmured Miss Ivylenf. glnucing nt Dr. Blnir in a terrified mannor. " Thnt doesn't matter," said Mr. Farther. " It is necessary wo should know his name. Tell mo, now, is Captnin Frcelanco tho man ?" " No, no 1" exclaimed Miss Ivyleaf, in apparent surprise. " Don't tell as falsehoods 1 " broko in Dr. Blnir fiorcoly. " It Captain Freolnnco is not tlio man, who is ? " " He's dead 1 I assure you lio's dond," said Miss Ivylenf, imploringly. "Dead or alive, wlmt's his name ? Who wns ho ? " Miss Ivylenf looked nt tho Doctor. Hor torror scomcd to giro her a kind of courage. " Ho was your son," sho said, in a low voico. " What ! " shouted Dr. Blair, " IIow daro you " " Hern ho is, sir," interrupted tho potter, ns lio led into tho room Miss Ivylonfs ragged boy. At tho sight of tho lad tho Doctor's angry words died away on his lips. Ho saw boforo him tlio vaiy imago of Gcorgo Blair as lio roiuorabered liiui thirty years ago. 