fflovdiat. DAYS OF ORIME YEARS OF 8UFFERING / Atf AuiouxoonAPHY, : ? (Reprinted from " The Australasian" of 1887 % Special Permission.) t ' CHAPTER X, - TUB BITEH IS 1J1X AND HE BITES AGAIN, . Oil arriving at Maids tono'I went to the R«ll«vny Inn, and remained there till the next morning, Not liking the house muoh, r removed in the courso of the day to the Roy til Hotel, As I always give the world a full account of my proceodingB t whon^ I nm thing otheya, ft is only fair that I should he equally communicative when .I got doita myself, -I afl'eoted billiards, and fancied I could play well, There \va3 a billinrd-rooin hi the hotel, a)u] to.it I went on tho ovenihg after my l arrival there, *There was present a rather BtyVsh-lookuig person, who. intra . duced himself to mo in the courso of tho night, IIo told mo ho was an oflicur in the Royal Aitilley, and had recently inventod Home wonderful rooket, whioli ho gave a very lmrd name ta whioh I forgot, Ho invited mo to play ^itli him, f did so, and won £5 from him that night, promis ing to meet him tlioro tho noxt evening, But I was not to be done in that manner, 1 knew it was a common praotioo among sharp era to allow the victim to win' some thing at first, and as I had some slight ,^,a' -h® artillery gontleman's munitions of war wero furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as ho imagined, I met him tho next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day, Tho ofticcr seemed by no moans disappointed, but entered into conversation in tho most ittua(]t\ manner, and finally proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom he was paying his addressos, I accompained him in a cab somo two or tliroa miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and wo alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which wo. wero immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not moro than seventeen, made her appoarance, I was introduced in the approved fashion 'Miss Nelson, Mr, Hamilton,-Mr, Hamilton, Miss Nelson," I havo never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her, She was good-looking, . could sing charmingly, and had tho moat fascinating manner imaginable. Win© ?was introduced, and although I drank only a couple of glasses, it had such, an efleet upon me that I found it im possible to keep my eyes open. Of tho ? irv°JiCnfc8-night I can remember but littlo. The next'morning 'I awoke! with a most splitting lieqdaehe, and found myself in my, own room in tho Royal . . j 0 jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and on examining' my pookets I fouud that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been oharitably left rno by the thief, All thiovos are dread ful bad losers. I was no exception to tho rule, and I could havo cried for very, vexa tion, I rang tho bell, and asked the waiter liow I came home tho previous night. Ho told mo that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that tho gentleman who came with me in the oab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxioated j that ho and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress mo and get mo into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular '' diamond out-diamond " affair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss, I have seen the " military officer " sinoe then. We worked together in ohaina in the same cart some few years ago, and X only recognized him by his telling the story of the ' . young swell at Maidstone " for the especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. beeri so completely cleaned out, it behoved me to buokle to at onoa to re plenish my empty pookets, and as my fundB would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, I wa3 compelled to com mence immediate operations. That very .day, with tho zeal of anoiont Strabo, I mado myself completely master of the geo graphy of tho plaoe, and before night I not only know how all the rooms were situated,, but hud made myself pretty well acquainted with tho sort of people by whom they were tonanted. I linow woll enough that it ia quite common for a well- dressed thief to tako apartments in an hotel and " barber " all the inmatos j in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and atoal aa muoh aH possible, This, in teohnioal language, ia oallod " Danoing a lushing drum," Philosophors define instinct as knowledge prior to exporienoe," and aa X certainly at that time waa wholly without experionoe in auoh matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instiuotive faoultv, I aidn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading, The book was of a moral and religious oharao ter, but it failed to influence mo with its arguments, By one o'clock the Jiouse was silent, and oiit I glided, like a ghost, I folt a" little norvoua on entering tho first room; but, despite the model ays tem, I havo been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying oocasion, and on this first essay in "the "dancing" line! waa soon as cool aa a cuoumlior. It would be dull work telling how I searohod the olothea, made my, way to the dressing table, pocketed purses, watchoa, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produoe " money, and money in anyway." I visited four rooms, and then thought it time tp, return to my own, Tho next bedroom to that in which T slept was un* oooupied, and with the poaket-handker ehief of a commercial gentleman whom' I had Bomewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all tly^ watohea, purses, etc,, together, entered tho empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of eight on.a ledge up tho chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns fur my immediate uae, Having done this i;i a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bod. ' At eight o'olook I jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently, A waitor very aoon ap peared, " Tell the landlord I want him ; fetoh tho police, I havo been robbed in thq night. Twenty-throe pounds and a pro« nriasory note for thirteen,*my studs and my nooket-book, all gone. Who oould have done it T' ~ . The waiter didu't let mo go to tho end I of my sentence, for he ran to the landing [ and oallod out, "Here's No 7 haa been served the same," Up oame tho landlord, He said he was aorry in tho oxtrome j he couldn't con ceive how tho thing could havo been done, No loss had over been experienced in hia house beforo, He was s^rry, very: aorry. The polioe had been sent to inves tigate tho matter, and ho hoped thoy would sucoeed in traoing the robber, Four.other gentlemen had been robbed also, Tho inspector of police oame shortly afterwards, and lookod into ,the rooms,i arid under the beds, aa if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to havo a nap thero, aaked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost,ana then went away Bhaking hia head and looking remarkably wise, I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as no funda had arrived for me I told tlio landlord I should bo forced to leave my bill unsettled, Under the oircum stancea tho landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at tho week's end I left Maidatono, and proceeded by the ooaoh to Chatham, II need scarcely obaorve that I Ji'ad during tho week removed tho "goods and ohattela" from tho chimney ledge, and oonveyed them to Chatham without any foar of oonsoquonoejj, Suspicion fell upon the «' military gentloman, . for although not in tho house on the night in question, ho was well acquainted with tho premises, and his sudden disappearance waa unac countable, otherwise than by connecting him with tho robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I, at tho same time " gratifiod a double grudgo "-against the world and against my particular antago nist, Tho monoy roault of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds -just BUllioiont to koop mo going while I struok out some fresh schomo for victimis ing. £he world. 