Australian Tales and N«. !!;?,— ( Convhulnl.') A RACE FOR LIFE. Ey E. P- "WMSwortli. CHAPTER IV. WHAT BICIC NUGENT DTD. As I have already said, Dick Nogen t was an officer in the now defunct Cape Mounted Rides, and that, after tko disbandment of that gallant corps, he came out to Australia. So he did. Bat there remains between Grahams’ Town at the Cape, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which you could very rnrely get Dick to eay anything, for he was as modest as he was brave, and his gallant deeds, although recorded in the regi mental orders of the day, were seldom, if ever, alluded to by himself. The fact is that Dick, during the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troops under the command of tno gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Dick was as dash ing a light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon attraoted the attention of his brave leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed re quiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribea of Maoris, under the astute Tamati unga Mann, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the slopes and fastnesses of Tongariro, Ruapehn, Bnd Ivahitapanuo, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter od the peaceful settlements of Kakaramea, and the Patea River, and had joined tho Pariatea natives under “the prophet” Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of cunn ing, feiocity. cupidity, and generosity. Faith ful as a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in liiB anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by tho fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior came down in thousands to sweep the detested “Pakebas” from the face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive back this avalanche of cruelty and rapine that Von Tempsky Bnd his gallant band had penetrated so far inland as the Upper Wanganui river, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling tho advance of the savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep tho lower settlements free from attack, bat, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh- poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those wbo_ knew the Maori character best, saw that this was but the smouldering of the fire that should presently burst forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and diBmay. Von Tempsky’s troops were stationed at a block honse in a clearing on the edge of a olnmp of bnsh, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted_ with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread deso lation in their midst. Dick Nngent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on ontpost duty, as an advance picket or scouting party. They were stationed about fonrmiles from the camp and oocupied quarters at the farm of one of the out-settlers. Every thing was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could bo seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the silence and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm wa3, alas, to come too soon. One fine morning in February Diok, who waB in charge of the picket, divided his men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lefty hills close to the edge of a belt of forest-, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in tho river a mile or so farther on. Diok and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the meeting place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced elowly and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The country round was silent as the grave. Not a sight nor a sonnd that conld betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had tho beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot of the hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as he per-, ceived something moving through the bushes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope which characterises their march. The terrible war dance had been performed, the war canoe had bec-n launched on lake Rotorura, and they had come forth from their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Mann himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspect or in character, it wbb impossible to conceive. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves con. cealod in the bnsh had seen the poor fellows unconscious of danger on tho summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Diok and his companion had barely time to sink ont of sight in the thick fern and undergrowth that skirted the road when they ( ] 1 f eame into full view. Led by the gigantic PaWika a very Hercules in size and strength whose pa'tu still reeked with the blood of the Unnnnrs thev passed stealthily end rapidly along the track in the direction of tho other hill Sevidentlv knowing the habits o.l he scouts, who had in all pro .ability been watched, and intending to murder them like wise* and to make a raid cn theeet.leraround Before the main body of troops should hear of it. Tbo Maoris passed as silently as ghosts, thev numbered about fifty, and were all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, end a few having lire arras. . I No time was to be lcs*. The Maoris would l soon discover the escape of their in tended vic I tims, and would either search the bash for ‘ them, or what was more likely, make straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two tvoopors made a bee line for the house. But ere they reached it they had half a mile of open country to cross, and before they had lest tbs fore°t they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for trncking would Boon send them in hot pursuit, and he therefore urged hiB compan ion forward with all the Bpeed ho could. But the young fellow had neither tho wind nor endurance Dick had, and bcou began to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just as they reached the open, and after a last effort, he tripped over a root, fell prone_ on the earth, and at the same time sprained his aD" Put a bullet through my head, Dick, and leave me,” enid the poor fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes. and through my■ own at the same time. No Bob, not yet, While there a life there’s hope, I'll drop ft few of ’em at any rate, and if they do catch us, l’ilaavc the last two Bhots for you and myself.” “ Yes Dick, but I can’t even walk, and they have 11 Bah, gun3, why they couldn't hit a hay stack,” and so saying he clung his comrade over his broad shoulders, and set on again at a rapid pace. But ha had barely got hah way over the open fiat when tb3 Maoris hurst from the covert, with a loud yell cf delight at seeing their quarry so near them, while he re doubled bis efforts to reach tho house. II was indeed a race for life, and ho was too heavily handicap-ed to have much chance. Nevertheless be struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by the savage veils and taunta behind him. . , Of the Maoris, one, a famous runner, had for outstripped the others, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl his Epear at the flying foe. But Dick know better than that. Stopping suddenly short, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, fell on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through his chest. But this short pause had, of coureo, given the pur suers some advantage, although the one or two who had the lead did r,ot Ecem at^ all anxious to keep up that honorabie distinc tion. Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load hie travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the house. Would he reach it. The white faces at the window were those of the settler’s wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready l to close it behind the sorely beset man, etooijl tho settler and his non. \ ■Would he ever win that friendly door If A few eteps more. Ho falters, staggers, palls himself together for a last effort, and fairly falls through the open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in the door. Thank heaven 1 Quick rifles, erael;, crack, two streams of fire, two puffs of smoke, and two more of the savages bite the dust. Aye, yell, and Ecrearn, and blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Pafarika nga Manu, but keep out of tho reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Han gatiraship is sped. Oi the gallant defence of tbo homestead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, tbo main body of troops came up, and forced the Maoris back into tho bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained such honour both at head-quarters, and from_ his commander? He having hold the ferocious savages at bay. and escaped with bis life by something little short cf a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although ha never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, and, as ft matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. 