The Golden Hope A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a d) earn that was not all a dream' BY W. CL ARK RUSSELL* Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck op the Geosvenor,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; The Bight of Translation is Reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. CEAPTER XVIII (Continued). By this time he was fairly accustomed to the - straining noises made by the schooner when laboring ; but for a good while he was kept awake by the close and thunderous sound of the sea striking against the weather side of the vessel. It grew monotonous after a bit, for though there was no regularity in the Golden Hope's pitching and rolling, yet the thump of the surge was almost pendulum like. He always knew how it would be — first, a wild staggering hesitancy, then a plunge, then the blow of the sea agaiust the bends, the long lean over, the quick shriesing recovery, the short hang on the brow, then another plunge, followed by the blow, and so on, and so on, with a squeak in every treenail, a groan in ev.ery timber, a harsh straining of bulkhead ; and bracket- lamp and coats and the like swinging to and fro, to and fro, scraping against the side, or hanging far out with the heavier lurches. There were notes and sounds for the poor fellow to set his thoughts to. Hark to thai muffled, seethiDg roll of heavy water cannonading along the run, and roaring past the screwed up scuttle near him. How often had Agatha heard the tempestuous sound when the gale had dashed the billows of the great Indian Ocean against the coral reefs of the island ! Hear the fierce and strange shoutings coming down from the rigging with loss of their shri'l edge as they pierced the deck ! The sweeping of the hot blasts, the muttering of the fiery, gusts would often have been heard by Agatha under the midnight stars. Then when he thought of her listening, he would ask himself would she be always unsheltered ? Had those who'were saved with her built them a hut ? How by this time would she be attired; lacking all things but the apparel in which she was cast ashore ? You who know that this man believed his dream to be a whisper in his sleeping ear from God, you know that whether with perfect sanity or with a mind dis ordered by grief, he was sailing for the island in full conviction that he should find Agatha Fox there ; you may con ceive what desperate imaginings of his darling's forlornness, her dreadful plight, her sufferings; of houselessness, home lessness, and friendlessness, his mind would be led into when he thought of the bleak and rolling ocean, the flying smoke of clouds, the whirling of the cold green moon, the storming of roaring surges against the schooner, and the bitterness of the atmosphere, that even in his cabin sent shudder after shudder through him as he hugged the bedclothes to him with a frequent stait when a wilder plunge of the vessel filled her forward deck with boiling and pounding water. At last he fell asleep, but in his slumber he sobbed often and talked aloud. Doubt less he dreamt of Agatha, and it was natural that whatever came to him in his sleep should have the trouble and distress of the windy, flying night in it ; at least one would say it must differ from the dreams he had of her at Wyloe, when all was still, the stars as peaceful as the dew drops they glistened in, no movement in the trees, no sound in the air if it were not the timid chirrup of an awakened bird, or the indescribable ghost-like mur mur the surf will send far inland ; for in such dreams he would often smile and start from his sleep with a speech of love to find that his hand had clasped fingers more shadowy than shadows, and that the adored form that had been seated at his pillow was real only as memory is. But at sea it is nearly all downright prose. Mr Fortescue was not a mariner, but he could not own a vessel and be aboard her without a taste of the plain peculiarities of sea life ; hence from dreams of Agatha he was aroused by a smart knocking on his cabin door, and on asking what was the matter, Captain Hiram Weeks walked in. ' Mr Fortescue, it's just past th' half hour, sir, or I shouldn't ha' taken the liberty. It's daylight, and ye'll see it fine. Sir, if excuses are needful for callin* of you, plenty of 'em shall follow if ye ain't satisfied. But I beg you to bear a hand, for sights at sea are swallowed up with astonishing speed.' So saying he closed the door, whilst Fortescue, who was always quick at wak ing, and who was therefore able to grasp that he was instantly required on deck, rapidly dressed himself and hastened above. It was still blowing heavily, and a very high sea was running ; it was bitterly cold, too, but clear, if it were not for the haze of spray blown low and along by the wind. It is no joke to a landsman to come fresh from the shelter of a cabin and the warmth of a bed into bleak and streaming decks and half a gale of wind ; and for some moments the curate stood almost stifled with the pour ing blast, and dazed by the cold and wild ness of the scene, till Hiram helped Jhim fair on deck, closing the companion,* and then carrying him to the shelter of the weather bulwark, ' There, air ! Look ! ' shouted the skipper, pointing fair abeam to leeward. A gaunt man is always gauntest in the morning watch at sea ; and as Hiram stood pointing, clad frOm head to f oot as he was in oilskin, the leathern, long, hollow face framed in an old and narrow thatched sou'wester, might have been a skull covered with parchment. An odder picture there never was than that made by this tall, lank figure holding to the rail with one hand and pointing with the other to leeward, where the backs of the grey surges ran smooth and marbled under the showering of their own spray. f§Mr Fortescue squeezed the water out of his eyes and looked in the direction indicated, and saw not above h?lf a mile distant a big black ship under closs reefed topsails, reefed fores iil and fore top-ma&t; staysail, heeled over till the grass green sheathing showed, you would havo thought, to the bilge strake. ' Now, Mr Fortescue,' cried the skipper, in a voice as hoarse as a raven's, through the exultation and pride in it, ' see now the difference twixs a fruiter and a clipper ship ! It's the Yankee, sir ; him ks we sighted yesterday and who dropped us. So help me Bob, sir,' he cried, bringing his hand with a whack upon Ms thigh by way of emphasising the word Bob, 'if that there ship to leeward ratchin' under close-reefed torp'sls ain't the very identical Yankee as sneered at us yesterday with his stripes and his s ars. Tim, tell the gent — is it the Yankee or ain't it ?' Thus addressed, the able seaman, Tim Duck, who was at the tiller, himself clad in yellow oilskin, which the wind got into and swelled out into an aspect of dropsy in the last stage — looked at the ship aud then at Fortescue, and said, 'Ay, she's the l ankee right enough.' It was a fine sight to behold the ex travagantly delighted gaze Hiram fixed upon the clergyman. Had he won the schooner on a wager the extraordinary satisfaction he exhibited could not have been more striking. The recollection of it and of the man*s whole appearance at that moment entered afterwards iqto Fortescue's remembrance of the incident,' but only just awake, half stunned by the roaring or the gale, and half frozen by the spray-laden, flashing wind, it was as much , as he could then do to look where he was bidden. The small ensign was tearing like a flame at the schooner s peak signal halliards, but there was no response to it aboard the Ameri can. .. A beautiful ship she was, moulded to perfection of finish in lines, as she was easily seen from the windward!, side of her ;. a square stern, a fiddle .figurehead, a knife-like cutwater, and the .more exqui site for symmetry and appearance aloft for her royal yards being down and for the cleanness her four topgallant masts took : from the alienee of ?- hamper rthere.; ? You almost felt her disdainful wrath at being overhauled by the little schooner ; for what but that, to a nautical eye at least* should signify the savage blows she struck the seas, those eager swerving sweeps that would put a tremble, like an Bhudder of foiled impatience, into the weather leeches of her topsails, the wild rise of the oncoming surge as if she would leap it in her passion ; then the sickly reel to leeward till the grey-backed billow : rising high and foaming between her and the schooner hid her to half the height of her lower masts from the triumphant gaze of Hiram and Mr Fortescue,^ who was beginning to forget that it was cold and wet in the melancholy grandeur of the scene his consciousness was now compass ing. Melancholy it all was, though grand and with wildness in it, too. Whether in storm or in calm the ocean in northern or southern latitudes, where the sun rises tardily in the wake of the dawn, is always sad at daybreak. The shadow of the night seemed to linger in the ashen pouring pf the waves swelling from the windward horizon ; the sky was grey and the clouds were rushing in pro7 cession of vapour, whenever a sea poured its whiteness into a valley the expiring foam swung up the acclivities with a ghastliness of hue that was as unlike' the pallid froth under moonshine or the. shining snow of the surges under the fuller day, as the color of the leper is unlike the complexion of the healthy skin. The desolateness of daybreak ; the cheerlessness and melancholy of it, were in all things ; in the damp dark planks of the schooner with the scuppers bubbling ; in the spray- shadowed cloths which strained wet and full from gaff and sheet ; in the still and glistening figures of the men on deck crouched aft and watching the American ; in every upheaval of crystalline smoke from the swift chop and shearing blow of the fruiter's stem. Yet the grace of the leeward ship stole like a kind of warmth into the early morn ; there was life in her and beauty ; you saw the helmsman when she came to windward, stiff at the wheel, deigning no notice of the schooner ratch ing past ; tfye officer of the watch at the mizzen rigging ; a head or two over the rail abreast of the foremast; and, the; blowing of smoke from the freshly lighted fire. But the Golden Hope was to have her way of her. It was part of Hiram's triumphs that he should have hung in the Yankee's wake all night and guessed her leeway so as to bring the vessels at dawn abreast of one another, with the wind a point free for the schooner, whilst the ship lay jammed to her course. 'Johnny !'' he roared, ' standby to dip the ensign !' And when the ship was brought fair on the quarter, the lad who had been called made the schooner bid her an ironical adieu by three times lowering aud hoisting the flag, the last time hauling it down for good. 'Now I'm satisfied,' cried Hiram, rubbing his hands and grinning down1 on Fortescue. ' Speed's what you wanted, sir, and here it is, dragged out o' the heart of a gale o' wind. After this example of what your wessel can do, Mr Fortescue, me and Stone '11 be able to feel that the 'sponsibiiity we took in recommending th* Hope isn't exceeded by the confidence we had in her. If apologies is necessary for rousing of you up — ' — but Fortescue checked him by a wave of the hand. CHAPTER XIX. CONFIDENTIAL. For a whole week after this the Golden Hope was bothered by bad weather ; once it blew so hard for some hours that, though nothing could induca Hiram to heave her to, he was forced to bend a trysail in place of the close -reefed main sail and to drive the schooner into it with her main boom lashed on the lee quarter. Yet at the expiration of a fortnight dating from her departure from Gravesend, she had reached the parallel of forty degrees north latitude, aud here the foul weather went away and left her with a light wind blowing over her port beam, and a blue sky atd a blue sea with the long Atlantic swell flashing to the sun. It had been a desperately trying time for Fortescue. The companion was kept closed, and he had been half-stifled in the cabin ; yet when he came on deck, the wind and rain and wet soon drove him below again. Wanting the cast iron lungs of his companions, he had to give up talking through sheer incapacity to make his voice sound above the general uproar. One misery alone he had the good fortune to escape, and that was sea-sickness. Yet this fortnight of thickness and gales did more to make a sailor of him than a couple of months of fine weather would have done. He felt it when the stormy time was over and ho stretched his legs upon the dry white decks. He hardly noticed the wide heave of the swell brim ming to the channels, though a fortnight before he could not have slood upright to it without holding on. There was a warmth in the sun. too, that promised him a brown face before long ; yet nothing could even faintly gladden him this side the island— he was bound to except swift ness of sailing ; it was always the wake he looked at to see how long it was, and on the morning of the break of weather, when he cune on deck-,, the furrow astern swung sparkling to his gaze till it died out in blue distance : for the Golden Hop3 was pnee more '. walking.'' Hiram had finished what Stone had begun ; and the schooner was packed to the truck?, stun' sails set, and passing a deep hermaphrodite brig to windward as if she had been a buoy. ; The mate was below ; the skippeir had charge, and Fortescue joined him in a few turns before breakfast. ' Nice morning, sir. It's come on proper weather at last, and I hope it'll stop ao, I'm sure. It wasn't worth while saying anything at the time, but I felt for ye, Mr Fortescue, I assure you. A schooner ain't like an Indieman 20ft high out of the water. Wallowin' 's all very ! well for them that's seasoned, but I'm not one of those fools of sailors — chaps too nautical by a long chalk — who Wonder .that new comers shouldn't feel as comfort able as they themselves do at sea ; just as if {hey hadn't had a beginning.' ? ' Such a day as this is all the more de lightful for what preceded it, Captain,' answered Mr Fortescue, looking with in terest at the clean, almost yacht-like ap pearance of the schooner, her sails white and full, her fine Eand-colored length of flush-deck brass-work flashing in stars, and Kitt, a middle-aged seaman, quietly steering, adding a peaceful detail to the pleasant homely picture by his old-world costume of a jacket over a blue shirt. ' Whereabouts are we now ?' 'Well, I'll tell ye, sir ; if we was to head the wessel due east we'd run the Portugee coast down ; whilst if we was to steer a trifle to the south'ard of west we'd bfe heaving the Western Islands into view.' The mightiness of the ocean was a more compassable thing to the curate on this fine clear morning than ever it had seemed to him when it was rolling livid and foaming and obscured ; and Weeks' mere naming of the Portugal coast and Azores, sent the clergyman's eyes wandering to the. dark blue girdle, whilst he thought of the wonderful lands which lay behind it on all sides— shores of coral ; blue mountains lifting mantles of snow to the tropical sun ; plains classic with, decaying stone and marble memo rials of vanished citie3,. , whose glory and splendor were recited in the languages of India, of Greece and of Italy ; sands glarinsr under the brassy sky with their hordes of chocolate -colored men — why, such magic is there in sound, that the mere utterance of the words 'Western Islands' seemed to fill the soft warm breeze with the fragrance of -the orange grove and the perfume of the lime. ' It is astonishing'' said Mr Fortescue ' to reflect that by the mer,e shifting of that tiller there we can be carried from sight to sight, from wonder to beauty, from beagty to desolation.' ' Why,' exclaimed Captain Hiram, ''taint to be done altogether by shifting the helm. The course has to be found out ; by staring through a sextant. Then there's dead reckoning and there's currents, along with winds, which it's your business to make sarviceable no matter how they blow. : 'Taint only shift ing the helm, though I allow you couldn't manage without the tiller,' he added, evidently too jealous of the dignity of his calling and of his professional skill, to permit the clergyman to fancy ..that the ocean was to be navigated by the rudder and nothing else. ' Of course ; I only used the expression as a form of speech, '^said Mr Fortescue, with, the light smile instantly fading. Then after a pause, 'Did I understand you to say, Captain, that you . have what you termed Stone's island marked down on your chart of the Indian Ocean 1 ' 'I have the latitude and longitude ss he gave it to me, sir ; that's all that's necessary.' ' Has he ever spoken to you about his shipwreck on it ?*Oh yes, more nor onca. I never knew a sailor castaway for ncthen'. He'll always get his whack o' jaw out of it, if no more. I never was castaway, so what I'm to talk about when I gets old I don't know. But it was lucky for Bill— I mean Mr Stone — that that there schooner he tells of should have hulled his snow. For if she hadn't foundered , he never could have known anything 'bout this island, in which case,- sir, it's inore'n likely ye might have hadvertised for the next twenty year without finding a man capable of saying he knew where that island was. Ye'd have got plenty o' lies, no doubt ; but not the truth/' 'Of course,' said Mr Fortescue ner vously'jj' yen] !d.o Dot suppose that Mr Stone has made a mistake — cou fused the island I want with the one he was wrecked on ?' ' Bill's an honest man, sir, from the heel cr his boot to where his hair once growed. No ! if Bill had any doubt, he'd have told yer. He was too much wrecked to make a herror. He said to me that when he saw your drawin' it gave him a tarn. 'Twas the island itself. He couldn't ha' drawed it half as true. Bill,' he continued, returnicg from the side to which he had stepped in order to expecto rate, ' is a good sailor. He's a bit old, but he's sound. There's nothen' of the play-gain' bamfoozlicg in him. Hes not the mau to stand up an' sing out, ' Look here ! I'm the heart of a mainstay ! hevery drop o' blood in my veins is pure Stockholm ! hevery hair on my head is a rope-yarn ! and here,' striking his buz zum, 'is the breast of a ten -gun pelter ! Here I am all Nankin, but my hat. and that's drab, China direct.' That's how the bamfoozler jaws, sir, and people who know nothen' about the sea think him wonderfully nautical for saying o' it. But you'll never get Bill to talk such swash. He's a steady, 'spectable, and in my 'pinion, a pious sailor ; you'll not hear a hoath come out of his mouth, and if he ain't regular at his prayers, Mr Fortescue, 'tisn't 'cause he's ashamed — I'll back tbat. His island's all right enough. There's only one question con sarning it I don't quite see.' (To be Continued.) 