MEDICAL "GHOST" STORY. A remarkable story, purporting to have been telegraphed from Chicago, has appeared in some of the American papers, relating the extraordinary success of an experiment made by Dr. Lockersteen, of that city. He was called, according to the published account, to attend a woman who had one month before given birth to a child, and who had " collapsed. She lost her pulse, her heart ceased to beat, and she ceased to breathe." She was given up for dead, and Dr. Lockersteen '-did everything he could think of to restora respiration, but without effect. Ten minutes must have elapsed." Then the happy thought occurred to Dr. Lockersteen of trying the effect of a hypodermic injection of a solution of nitro-glycerine in alcohol, which he happened to have with him. Ten drops were injected and the dead woman came to life. The first minute there was not a pulsation; there were four gasps distributed over the first 60 seconds, but that is not life. In the second minute there were 6ix respirations and a faint beating of the heart could be heard. In the third minute there were 18 respirations and the pulse became distinctly perceptible at the wrist. In the fourth minute the pulse was ISO or more. "A faint flush then spread over the face of the woman. Her eyes began to roll in their sockets and a minute later all the muscles relaxed from the stiffness of death. To the astonishment of all Sirs. Fraser became conscious and uttered a few words." This remarkable narration was brought to the attention of Dr. Edmon, of the Board of health, whose fame as an ansestheticist is well established. He listened with interest, and said: " That is a most interesting story, well worth writing, but it is either a gross exaggeration or a ' ghost' story. To begin with, the stiffness of death had not occurred, and it is nonsense to talk of relaxation from it Then, if Dr. Lockensteen had struck upon such a wonder] ul discovery he would certainly have told it first to the medical press. There would have been no trouble about getting the secular press to take hold of it afterwards." 