quarter sessions. Friday, November 5. (Before His Honor Juatre Dowling.) Mr. Clarke Irving prosecuted on behall of the Crown. sentences. Edward Hin'.on, who pleaded guilty on the previous day to having had in his possession housebreaking implements without lawful excuse, was sentenced to three years' imprison ment with hard labor in Maitlaud Gaol. George Brown, who pleaded guilty to having broken into and entered the dwclling-bonse of Charlotte Campbell, waa sentenced to four years' penal servitude. John Farrell, who pleaded guilty to having attempted to steal from the person, was sen tenced to 12 months' imprisonment in Darling- burst Gaol. bail estreated. John Thompson, against whom was a charge of stealing from the person, was called but failed to appear, and his bail was estreated. an acquittal. Herbert Hellycr was acquitted on a charge of having maliciously shot at 0110 Ah Coy, with intent to do him grievous bodily barm, and wa9 discharged from custody. alleged stabbing an actress. ' Annie Robson aud Anuie Smith, two young women, pleaded not guitlv to having on Septem- 17, maliciously wounded Annie Read, a young actress, with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm upon her. The case in the main depended upon the evideucc of the prosecutrix, tor the aHsault seemed to have been committed when ouly the three persons concerned were present. The prosecutrix was positive in her identifica tion of Annie Robson, but all she could ehy against the other prisoner was that she was similar in figure and appearance to the second woman who attacked her. Miss Read, perhaps better known as Miss Dot Read, was, at the time. of tbe assault, engaged at the Theatre of Varieties, Newtown, where her step-father Mr. D'Arcy Read was giving his "ghost" enter tainment.. She said that on tbe ovening of tho date mentioned just before tbe performance she left the theatre to wait for some friends who were expected by her mother and as she. was walk ing she,6aw two women, of whom Annie Rob-' eon was one, standing near one of the shops adjoining the theatre talking to some young men. . The prisoner Robsou, she said, accosted her asking if D'Arcy Read was showing his ghost that night. Miss Read relented tho tone in which the request was made, and in effect told prisoner to mind her own business. Some words passed, and prisouer Robson, prosecutrix said, called her a " cheeky brat, "and then picked up some stones from the road. While prosecutrix was demanding the reason for this latter action she was, she said, seized by one of the women and forced dowu on her knees. The other woman caught hold of a 41 cloud " round prosecutrix's r.eck and dragged her down, at the same time smothering her, so that she could not call out very audibly for help. Prosecutrix then saw, she said, a knife giitteriug in Robson's right hand ; and terrified at the sight, she screamed and struggled to escape, and the blow then aimed glanced from her face and took effect in the crown of the head. A deep wouud was thus inflicted, and prosecutrix was still suffering from its effects. The prisoner Robson made a statement in wnich she declared that the prose cutrix was the aggressing party. 3het said prosecutrix flew at her throat, ana she (priso ner) pushing her off she rolled into the street, dragging prisoner with her to the ground. Prisoner denied having inflicted any wouud with a knife, or by any other means. The defence based on this was that prosecutrix received tho injury from which she was suffer ing by striking her bead against an iron pipe lyinp on the roadway. His Honor in summing up pointed out that there was not snfficicut evidence to connect Smith with tbe assault. The jury after a brief retirement, found both prisoners not guilty, and they were discharged from custody. alleged unnatural offence. " -John Kelly, a young man, and Alfred Marsh, an old man, pleaded uot guilty to a charge of having attempted to commit an unnatural offeuce. The jury were unable to agree on a verdict and were locked up for the night. gases for monday. The following is a list of the cases set down for trial on Monday : Eliza Russell, maliciously wounding ; John Fitzgerald, larceny ; John Leonard, bigamy; Ellen Kuwsthorue, maliciously wounding; Margaret Rcddan alias Russell, keeping a brothel; Sylvin Pioaud, larceny; Thomas Elliott, assault and robbery ; John /M4Farlano and Thomas "Wilkie, burglary and larceny. 