MISCELLANEOUS. A case of dynamite has been picked up -o* the tJtansbury beach. Mr. J. Talbot, of Port Wakefield, civil engineer, h.HS called bia creditors together. The deficiency is set down at £21. An escaped ferret ate out the eyes of a seven- months baby at Hampden (N.Z.) recently. A boy named Bismarck Worms has been accidentally killed at Penola through ihe frame of a waggon falling on him. The Grown Prince of Germany sells 1,000 quarts of milk daily at his farm near Berlin. ' The Jewish population of Jerusalem is now 18,000, a total it has never attained since the days of Titus. The Hebrews are going back at last. - „» n A meeting of creditors of Mr. W. D. Glyde, of Adelaide, has been held. The balance-sheet shows an estimated surplus of £18,520. The Governor of German New Guinea ib said to contemplate sending his family to Queensland, the climate of his own settle ment being unfit for residence. We (Bunyip) have been shown some nice samples of gold obtained from Barossa, and we are assured that there is much more in hand. There, was an effertory in Winchester Cathedral lately for the Church Temperance Society, when the congregalion in the nave, numbering 600 persons, contributed the very temperate aum of Is 8d. During a sculling match in Sydney Kemp and Matterson fouled. Kemp hit Matterson, and the latterY boat sunk, and he had to swim ashore. When he reached land Kemp .struck him again, and broke his nose. As showing the abundance of wine in ?California and its low price, the San Fran ksuco Chronicle reports that new wine is offered in San Bernardino et 12$ cents a gallon, very little over 6d. The freight on a ton of goods from Eng land to Australia is about 40s, but the same weight of letters costs £1,792. This calculation should be trotted out in support of Henniker Heaton's scheme for a penny ocean postage. Flour kept in sacks for two or three years ceases to be -wholesome; according to the investigations of M. Ballaud, for he states that alkaloids are formed during the transformation of giuieB^nnder the influence of the natural ferment of wheat. The Marquis of Bute has spent over a million sterling in rebuilding and famishing the old familyseat^f the Stewarts. The house coven over an acre. The drawing rooms, panelled in walnut and with beauti fully-painted ceilings, are, perhaps, the finest rooms in.the three kingdoms, The grand staircase of Carrara marble is a sight worth travelling to Scotland to see. ' ^ , ' There is considerable, depression in jthe business of bee-keeping In the 'United States owing to the price being so low through over-production as to render bee-keeping no longer profitable, and honey being lower in price than eugar' it is being successfully Qsed in the Eastern States for curing hame. It is stated that there are some 8,000,000 ?colonies of bees in the States, which yield annually 120,000,0001b. of honey. A Melbourne paper says: — A curious geological specimen has been received by the Secretary for Mines from the manager of the Adam's Freehold Company, near Talbot. It consists of a fossil fruit, found «t a depth of 145 'feet in a gravel wash, testing on a bed rock, which is overlaid . by drift, black clay, and layers of basalt. Baron Ton Mueller, who examined the specimen, «tates that it is a Celiphina M'Coyi, one of the fossils found in deep-lead gravels. Blondin, *the tight-rope walker, lives quietly in London, at. the, age of 62. He tried to exhibit in Paris after the authorities had refused to let him walk across Niagara a second time except with a net suspended under the rope, but his great feat had taken the interest put of all subsequent performances in that line, and they all «eemed tame in comparison. Blondin re tired on 8 moderate competence, earned in his perilous profession. Some business men may read with profit the following, which we take from an American x:onttemporary : — ' The man who places a $10 advertisement in his local paper and flatters himself that he is a liberal advertiser would i-e surprised to learn that a yearly advertisement one column in length in the Chicago Tribune, costs the advertiser \- $26,000. 3?ob N&o; York Herald receives for its lowest 'column $33,000, ?and for the highest $383,000, and these papers are never at a loss for advertisements to fill their columns. Thus an exchange ;— W, G, George, the champion runner, who is shortly due in Australia, announces his determination never to appear again on an English running track. He has accepted an engagement with a New York firm of wholesale drug gists, and starts taking orders in May. This is an excellaut way of trading on a re putation, and suggests all sorts of possibili ties. .Beach as a book-canvasser could make the fortune of «ny enterprising publisher,and /Spofforth might bowl maidens till further orders if he travelled in hair-dyes and oeeated soaps. A New South Wales paper writes : — A Sydney bank manager relates the following as his firet experience as a teller. The bank had jiMt opened when in walked an -elaborately-dressed young mas who re quested change of a £50 note — forty in *' singles' and one *? tenner.' Having care fully counted them he handed back a £20 -nole, observing, with a flush of honest pride ?suffusing his handsome countenance, that 41 there was a slight error.' He received s ?* tenner' in exchange from the now flustered teller and left. 'Tw&s; afterwards discovered that the whole lot were bad. A traveller in the north-west of Canada ha« reported that iu Manitoba there is very g*.ucr:u .'?tiisfiicti'tu among the farmers over the- wheat crop, as, although it will becom pRratively email through the condition of iue n-catber before (he frost*, it is of a very superior grade, and will nli be placed iu the murlii-t, consequ'.-ntty bringing a larger re iirn thnii last yi-ar. Mr. O_'ilvie adds thai the fnruiers are obiuiniug very satisfactory prices, and there will be, in addition to the supply for home consumption, a consider able balance for exportation. The Adelaide correspondent of the Ka punda Herald writes :— It is quite possible that Mr. Cuslance may remain here, though he will not any longer be a servant of the Government. Several influential members of the Royal Agricultural Society and other iCUblCIUCU t»i *J ?* J *'o * ? ??»«-*- fj— ? — ? may be established in a jirivutely-managed agricultural college, to be Mtuated, say, near Clare, or in some other centre of settlement. As to Mr. Custance'e successor under the Government, the position is being advertised in England, but, amongst others, a well known local man is an applicant for it. The Victoria League, a society established in Chicago by Miss Frances E. Willard, is to labor among mothers and daughters with a view to their instruction in a true physi ology, as an aid to the protection of virtue. Ignorant and thoughtless mothers are largely responsible for the terrible wrecks their daughters make of their lives, as well as for the unfortunate results which are visited upon society. For good citizens, as well as heroes and states men, we must look to virtuous wives ana wise and noble mothers. If the Victoria League shall cause American women to emulate the homely virtues of England's Queen it will do a good work. The farmers in the district surrounding Gawler (says the local paper) are making praiseworthy efforts to provide fodder for their cattle that shall be available in the season when native grasses are dry or scarce. So far as experiments have yet gone sorghum seems to be the most successful. Mr. George Forrest has sent to our office a bundle of sorghum, green, and about four feet six to five feet in height. The sorghum was grown on Pinkerton Plains. It was sown about the middle of September last on rough ploughed land that bad first been harrowed over three or four times. It has been left to itself, being grown without manure or irrigation. The soil on which it was sown was stiff clay land, A Melbourne paper states that the wo man named Rebecca Taylor, who caused a sensation early last week by 'reporting to the police that she had been set upon and ill used by a number of roughs in the Survey Paddock at Richmond, has since admitted that there was no truth in her allegations, but sbe declines to etate her reasons for concocting a story of so serious a nature. The metropolitan detectives and the Richmond and Hawthorn police were put to considerable trouble over the matter. The police pan only attribute her extra ordinary conduct to the fact that she was suffering fnm the effects of drink, as Mrs. Taylor is very respectably connected, and has a grown-up family of sons and daughters. Great preparations are being made in Japan for its Parliament, which is to meet in 1889. Ministers have been sent to England and other countries to study various Parliamentary systems, and archi tects to examine the arrangements of buildings in which representative assemblies meet. The designs for the hall of the Japanese Parliament were prepared last year, and have just been approved by the Emperor. The model is that of the German Reichstag externally, while the arrangement of the seats inside is to be copied from the French Chamber of Deputies. In accordance with the very effective character of modern Japanese institutions, before, the building is com pleted some peculiarly English and Italian features ;-re to be adopted. The building 'will be erected by an architect specially procured from Germany for the purpose. Accounts of -the massacre of Catholic missionaries and converts in southern China show that the race of martyrs is by no means extinct. Father Terrace, who had lived for nine years in Yunnan, when a mob surrounded bib house at 'night, gathered his followers in the chapel, gave the last Absolution, went to the door, .and presenting himself to the rabble, said : ' Here am I to answer for all.' He was at once cut down by sabres. Father fiechet, a young priest in Tongking, saw a number of his converts beheaded, and then, refusing to be bound or blindfolded, offered his neck to the execu tioner without a tremor. Father Chatelet, ordered to descend to the place of execution, as hundreds of his converts bad done, said : 'I shall not go bo far. If you want my head come and get it.' The swords made short work of him where he stood. It is at length to be decided who is to be the loser by the stolen Day Dream silver - the company or the carriers. It will be re- membered that on August 5 last five bars of fine silver, the property of the Day Dream Co., and valued at about £1,000, en- trusted to John Hill & Co., Limited, were surreptitiously removed from the Silverton office of the latter firm. No trace of the silver has since been found, and the owners having set up a claim for its value, a com- mission has been appointed to investigate the case and take evidence at Silverton. The commission is comprised of Mr. Wyman Brown, P.M., and Mr. T. Johnson, solicitor. It will open court and take evidence on or about the 4th inst. The case is certain to attract great attention, not only of the shareholders in the companies concerned, but of the public of Adelaide and Melbourne as well. - /Silver Age/. The following interesting figures are taken from the Revue Industrielle. Half the population of France lives upon agri culture, one quarter lives by various manu facturing industries, one- tenth by com merce, four-bundredths by the liberal pro fessions, and finally six-hundredths are ' rentiers' of various kinds. Among the agriculturists there are 9,176,000 who are proprietors farming their own land. The large industries, such as mines, quarries, and workshops, occupy 1,130, )00 persons, while the lesser industries occupy 6,093,000. Under commerce are comprised 789,000 bankers, brokers, and wholesale merchants ; 1,895,000 retail dealers or shopkeepers, and 1,164*000 hotelkeepers, and what we should class as licensed victuallers. The railways and various carrying trades of land and the merchant marine occupy 800,000 persons. Various Government and communal em ployes number 806,000. The condition of the landed interests in England is illustrated by the fact that the average selling price of agricultural land in England should have fallen from £52 per acre in 1875 to £32 per acre in 18S5. These and other interesting and reliable figures were recently quoted by Mr. Beadel, M.P., in bis opening address as president of the Surveyors' Institute. Not only has the value of agricultural lnnd fallen, but the bulk disposed of has (Jiuiiuishcd by two thirds during the lust 10 years. The value of the land of the country has thus shruuk by about 40 per ceut., just in one decade 5 and as the most eerious percentage of fail ing off has been during the second iinif of that time, there i- reason to fi-nr luni we may not yet have been bottomed. Nothing could be more discouragiug than the out look at this moment for those who are pecuniarily interested in English land. A Victorian paper comments as follow on Mr. Tomkinson's refusal to pay an elecB tion bill at Bordertown : — The proprietort of the Tatiara Mail recently found is necessary to summon a South Australian member of Parliament for advertising work done for him during his election campaign. As, however, they were not in a position to prove he gave the order for the work, it having come through an agent, their case fell to the ground. But the magistrate stated that even if the order had been proved they could not sue a legislator. If this is the law it is a scandalous oue. Why should members of Parliament be placed above the law ? for this is simply what so outrageous a proviso means. When next that legislator conies before his couslituents he should be aeked if he is in favor of all men being compelled to pay tbeir just debts, and if not, should be relegated to that ob scurity from which be should never have emerged — that is to say, if he really did authorize the agent in question to get the work done. A poor pnrapect, according to the JSIorth British Agriculturist, is before the agri cultural laborers iu Scotland, the wages ex hibiting at the recent half- yearly hirings a fall of from 10 to 20 per cent, in the case of eervauts changing places; and even those remaining in their summer quarters were glad, in many cases, to accept of less money than they received last winter. A considerable number of male servants are unengaged, and, with so few improvement works in operation, they have not much chance of steady employment over winter and spring. The same paper states that the iow prices of beef, and the little pros pect that there is of it risicg materially in value before spring, if even then, are suffi cient to reduce the prices paid for turnips to be consumed in the steadings or court yards by cattle. Those prices are fully 20 per cent, below what they have repeatedly been in years not long gone by, and, after all, feeders are shy to rent turnips by the acre. The rage for long tunnels is one of the most unprofitable that have ever found favor in the eyes of speculative capitalists. The railway companies who had a hand in the making of the Severn Tunnel deeply regret that they ever took it in hand. The latest project of the kind is to open a tunnel through the Rocky Mountains under one of the highest peaks — the summit being 14,441 feet above the level of the sea, and the tunnel level a round 10,030. The length of the tunnel is not particularly formidable, being only 25,000 feet, but it breaks the re cord in regard to elevation as well as depth below the surface. Looking at the matter generally, and away from the dividendseek ing point of view, it would be more satis factory to hear of the lowering and grading of the passes which are never far from the higher peaks. All such questions, however, must be determined by local considerations, and if it be of very much consequence to improve the railway communication be tween' Denver and Salt Lake City, the tunnel under Grey's Peak, will, as a matter of course, be made. — ' CEdipus.' The Daily News Peeth correspondent writes as follows: — King Milan was in formed on Monday that a plot against bia life had been discovered — a plot the insti gators of which are to be found at Neusatz, in Hungary, as well as at Cettinje, and Antavari. In ail these places many per sons had been corrupted by money, and it has been ascertained that there were con spirators in Servia alBO. The leaders of the conspiracy are known, but the names of the Servians are not revealed to any one. The plot was to seize King Milan in the midst of the mountains near Vranja, while he was bunting, and carry him off to Monte negro. Immediately on receiving the telegram the king ordered an express train. He spent the night on the railway, and arrived suddenly and unexpectedly in Bel grade. He is said to be terribly depressed, and suffers mentally and physically. Two detectives have arrived in Belgrade from Neusatz, and are busy investigating the ramifications of the plot in the former city. Belgrade 1b looking forward to stormy events. Writing on the grain crops in the United States, the San Francisco Chronicle reports : — According to the October returns of the Department of Agriculture the area of corn has increased 20 per cent, since 1879, with very little stimulus from exportation, which has been sot more than half the area devoted to cereals, and its value is greater than any other crop except grasses for hay pasture. The increase in acreage more than keeps pace with the advance in population. This year there has been a alight decline in some of the Atlantic States, but a large increase in the States west of the Mississippi. The drought in the Mississippi valley and elsewhere had an injurious effect upon crop prospects, with the result that there is a deficiency of some 800,000,000 bushels as compared with last year. The results of the wheat crop confirm previous returns, showing a slight increase from the first records of threshing, without making any material addition to the crop aggregate. The average yield upon the area of 37,600,000 acres is about 12£ bushels per acre, or a total if 460,600,000 bushels, which is an increase of 100,000,000 bushels over last year. The following item is concerning a Chow and his moke. It was race day at Wodooga (Victoria), the carnival being held in that hyperborean district on December 27, and the Wodosga Handicap was being run amid the whoops of the free and enlightened citizens. There were five borses in it; and they were turning into the straight at the frenzied speed of a dog chasing its own tail, when suddenly they came on a cart con taining five Chinese, and drawn by the wreck of an old hair trunk on four legs. A large red yell rent the atmosphere and told the Ohows that sudden death was coming upon them, and the five degraded worms turned pale with horror. The yellow jaun dice who was driving grabbed at the whip and Hogged the hungry ghost in the shafts until he went off at a gallop, while his com panions cried out with one voice, ' Hi-yah, Chant; a wong I' and after a desperate race the Chows and their moke came in winners by several lengths. There is n general im pression about Wodonga now that the live, hair- covered sausage is a faster animal on a race track than was generally supposed. — Bulletin. The young men belonging to the locof department who were captured and taken to Torrens Island on Monday had a sad ex perience, la consequence of the heat the men in the locomotive shops ceased work, and these men (three of whom belong to town, and one to Gianville), came to the Port determined to spend the day on the river. They secured a boat, and sailed down, but when off the island their weather shroud carried nway, and, in order to fix it, they innocently allowed their boat to drift to leeward on to the island. After fixing the stay they got in and shoved off, but were not long under way when the police steam launch pursued, captured, and towed them back to the island, where they and their boat were quarantined. The men, however, were not placed with the other quarantined persons, but were taken over to the cattle-station, on the other side of the island, where they were taken care of. By landing on the island they held themselves liable to be fined £200 each, or receive six months' imprisonment, so that they were in an unfortunate position, brought about by their own ignorance of the quarantine laws. — P. A. News. Says the Northern Echo, a British paper : — We hear on all hands of reviving trade, and perhaps it is for that reason we have heard of late so little of declining agricul ture. But the laborious men who till our soil — hard workers, shrewd managers, and enterprising capitalists— if there be a revival of trade, have not yet felt its effects. They are at this moment struggling with a com bination of adverse circumstances such as are unprecedented even in the history of their sorely-tried industry. Nowhere iu Great Britain is agriculture prosperous ; and it may astonish even those who imagine they know something of the subject to learn that nowhere in Great Britain is agriculture so distinctly and disastrously unprosperous as on the bills and in the vales of South Durham and North Tork. To examine into the condition of the farmers of these dis tricts, we dispatched a epecial commissioner, who has interviewed many well-known agricultural experts, whose word in practical matters carries weight, and who, while differing on minor points of detail, have agreed in establishing four facts important enough to excite serious alarm. These facts are: — First, that the districts we have naaed have suffered this year a combination of evils of weather seldom crowded into one year — a cold spring, and dry and sunless summer, and a wet harvest, resulting in — from this point of view — the worst agricultural year ever known iu this or suy other part of England. Second, that the stock to which the farmer turns to recoup himself for losses on cereal crops has ceased to be saleable at a profit. Third, that the strong clay land which composes more than half the area we have selected for descrip tion is no longer worth nny rent whatever. And fourth, that to all men engaged as tenant-farmers who are not capitalists, the payment of full rent this autumn means either immediate ruin or the prospect of farming next year without either stock or proper labor. A correspondent to the Port Adelaide paper says: — 'Every mail brings us un savory London scandal ; aristocratic divorce suits seem to be becoming more and more common, and vice in high places more open and unbridled. The churches as a rule are given to shutting their eyes to sinners of an elevated rank in the social scale, but there are exceptions, and it is pleasing to note the recent utterances of the Bishop of Salisbury who has been speaking out man fully against the selfishness, the indifference to poverty, the growing extravagance and vice of the wealthier classes. The worthy cleric spoke of the ' innocent luxuries of the rich being a sore and terrible trial to the starving and often uncomplaining masses of the poor.' A question which they ask again was, * Why should there be this measure, this contrast, this unequal distribution of good things ?' If no sufficient reply were made there would gradually be gathered up such a flood of bitter resentment as would sweep away in the revolution not only the signs, but also the house of religion itself. The I'iahop uses big words, but is he not right ? Is not the growth of rowdyism at home a sign of the times? One cannot take up a single London paper without the thought occurring of the fearful gulf fixed between the extremely rich and the ex tremely poor. It is the experience of his tory that great States may reach a climax in their own prosperity and then gradually decline. Such a decline always follows upon extravagance and vice of the govern ing classes, and it is such a decline that threatens the mother country at the present time.' The writer of the above seems to forget that ' extravagance' means spending money, and that the spending of money means more work for poor people. Thus ' extravagance' on the part of those who can nfford it is a virtue. 