NOTES AND QUERIES. By Qtjiz. The time for the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition is fast approaching. Although there was a great deal of opposition felt in the* provincial towns to the idea when first mooted, there is now every reason to believe that there will a general stampede towards the city. Parents and children, masters and servants all want to see it. It is to be hoped that every facility will be.given by employer's for their servants pay a visit to the Exhibition. Parents should make it a point to take all their children who are ofTeasonable age. The collection of exhibits from every part of the world will enlighten, the mind 'as to the capabilities of other people, and will teach those who are willing to learn some thing of their own incapacity. Is it not nearly time that some infor mation was forthcoming with reference , to the railway arrangements for the Exhi bition season? Would it not~bet wise to : have two:or three special express trains weekly ? It is to be hoped that the fares will not ie. prohibitive. -The number who go will largely depend on what it will cost., How would it be to issue family tickets ? " A great'deal of attention' is being given to the question .of bow. the Adelaide people may fitly celebrate the Queen's jubilee, and, among the best suggestions is that ;of an immense gathering of chil dren to sing loyal hymhs, "&c.; Is there too loyalty on the Peninsula ? Could not the children of the Peninsula schools be xnasaed for a '"general holiday ? If the Wallaroo,. Moonta, .and Kadina children were collected it would be quite an impo sing speetaele,,'and, it would be a red letter day in the. Jhistory of our young children. "" The Bullifielief Fund has reached the. noble sum of £12,000. It will be con siderably more than this wtten all the lists have come to hand. Ebenezer Ward, M.P., and formerly Chairman of Committees, is placed in something like\: a straiht-jacket by tKe verdict of the Commissioner of Insol vency. He IB to be suspended for one year. Will it'be possible for: him to oc cupy a seat in the coming Parliament? Splendid abilities are sometimes sadly wasted. If Mr Ward is out of the House how.many orators will there be left? The Rev. S. Hebditcb, Chairman of the Congregational Union, has just de= livered the most able address which has ever come from the chair of that denomi nation. He is a man of vast experience, and very extensive knowledge, and better -than ail, Bishop Kennion and the Tncum bent of St.rFaul's, v&yjie; is a good man, ahd^t&e;^o'u^tM^solr^ But it seems •quite-possible fei^eyen^good men to have their 4isag)?e0ment8, Mr Hebditch seems Jftskflpwa grpatdeal- $bpijt Aqglican iDhurcbj but, of f^^rsj^ Dr^6npio)ri know$ a gre?t deal more, and the good Bishop bas,-tberefore, takiea the. opportunity of ^n?i|;htenuigT hisii<rietttt!is mind. Some people think Mr Hebditch hois as .much, right to tbte titleof Bishop as Dr Keiuuon "haMr arilfthe Wight of the argument seems to be in favor of those people; but who ifcall decide when Bishops duagree; fMJMui.iM' ■ II i, ijjmii—tjg^iM ■ imiLiu!tji, yaingjwmxix1; JtfHXOBiarithtnetlc, " "T t^J&AViMEBS; in. good heart. ;> G-obson travelling south. Abrow to the iront yesterday. Ebenezee has received a nasty jar. Presbyteeian Church anniversary to-mor row. ■ Mr von Doussa appeals in the Totalizator? case. . The Wallaroo cricketers are going to have a social. Gbeat shipping catastrophe in West Aus: traiia. They have a peculiar ghost now up at Yan jarrie. _ Aif alluvial diggings reported at Horse F'at i (N.S.W.) Who i'b it that needs to cultivate hair, I-Andrew ?- ■ -- r. / ■ — - 550 lives lost in the hurricane at Western Australia. Fotte young priests have arrived by the -LuBitaniai A shooting gallery promised the youngsters at Moonta. Bishop Reynolds has been created an Archbishop. ' Road making in Wallaroo seems to be ex pensive work. New Zealand General Post Office burnt on Thursday morning. Gbaham Beuby has gone for Lord Salis bury, and uo mistake. THsWallaroo footballers play their opening game on the Oval to-day. News has been received of the assassination of the Governor ot Timor. Poet Augusta is to be the centre of a new Roman Catholic Bishopric. Land in Collins-street, Melbourne sold on Thursday for £1,000 per foot. ■ . Andrew has decided to treat "Miner" with the contempt which he deserves. • :Rev. C. Hodge, of Adelaide preaches in the Presbyterian Churcb to-morrow. Loed Salisbury wishes to let the French do as they please with the New Hebrides. The British Premier thinks he baa eojne troublesome children in the colonies. Dr Kennion is going to England to attend the Lambeth Pan Aoglican Conference. Loed and Lady Brassey to arrive in Adelaide shortly on a visit to the- Governor. The correspondent who advises someone to cultivate hair appears to have got his own off. Two hundred and fifty-fire points of rain registered at Moonta for Monday and Tuesday last. F-Bwe lectures at Moonta nightly, all sub jects dealt with and topics disoussed fear lessly. The Lantern ofFriday has about the rough est cartoon on his Exoellenoy that has yet ap peaied. The ketch Eliza has been injured at -Lewis Island, and has put into Port Lincoln for repairs. The latest big gun completed at Woolwich incurs a coBt of £100 for each charge of am munition. The individuals who recently attempted to blow np the Czar are on their trial, at St. Petersburg. Moonta Benevolent Society distributed re lief durieg the past, year to. the amount of £58 19b 9d. The Rev. A. Honner anxious to increase our population to the extent of 300,000 by immigration. Si& Saul Samuel does not appear to relish Mr Henniker Heaton's proposals in connec tion with postal matters. The holder of another Government permit has bean fined 20s at Petersburg for selling liquor at a railway stall without a licence. Mr Crosby , a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, has lost his seat 'hroiigb selling some cement to the Government. A servant girl, Mary Ann Paynter, has sui cided at Mount t Gambier. through the faith lessness of a young man named Henry Gavin. Abe we going to have any special Jubilee celebration, or are the Peninsula people going to Adelaide en masse to pay their tributes of loyalty tbeie? Tebowie has got a Model Parliament, with our J. H. Thompson as member for Wallaroo, Mr J". S. J. Pengelley being entrusted with the • duty of forming a Ministry. Some stowaways in the Iberia had rather a, rough experience. They were set to Work,' and were bundled ashore at Deigo Garcia to be returned by the first steamer to Australia. Mr J. W. Jonee, Conservator of Water, is to commence the work of valuing improve ments oa the 1888 leases. The Government consider him eminently qualified for the duties. .-r' A rubbish depot is the latest want. But as land is so scarce in Wallaroo the- Gorporation has been compelled to Belect the ladies' bath ing ground. Surely there are no ladies* men in our Council. A Froiiie electer vrritea to the Terowie Enterprise and explains that Mr Copley's re jection was owing to his aotion in raising the dog tax, because the Gladstone Farmers' As sociation wanted it. Oub Corporation are exercising the laborers for a week at the Owen Terrace pompi; going to add to the depth of water in the boat, harbor, as the Commissioner seems too busy to carry out his promise. The e.8. Investigator has arrived at Port Pirie from Western Australia with sleepers, and the captain is likely to get into trouble for coming straight alongside before being hoarded by the Health Officer! The steamer Palmerston left Port Adelaide on Thursday on her first voyage since ber re cent accident. Captain Richardson is in com mand, and she is bound for Launceston via Ports Victoria and Miuiacowie. Thebb died recently, in the Indian Terri tory of the United States, a venerable lady. Mrs King, widely known and respected in the West under the name of "Grandmother' King." She had attained the age of 119.. These is a strong and growing impression that M. Schnabell, the French • Inspector of - Police, who was arrested on the.German Bor der on a charge of treason felony, will, be re leased if the French Government., will agree to remove h'im from his position of Inspector at.. Pagny. The boy who will laugh heartily when he sits down on the ice with a dull thud that would shake the spectacles off the nose,of a man half a mile away will howl like, a Coin ache Indian at a scalping match if his mother merely shakes her slipper at him.—Fall River Advance. The Weekly Register says :—*• There is to be an interchange of jubilee congratulations and offerings between tiie~ Holy'iat her and Queen Victoria. Her Majesty, presents to the Pontiff a rare and richly-bound edition of the Vulgate, and his Holiness giyesher Majesty a superb mosaic. Hebe jb a sample of a boy's .composition on girls, which I must say I rather like, --n'Girls ] j are very stuck up and dignified in their bt haveyour. They make fan of toyand then turn round and love. them. I .don't belwe . they ever kiled a pat or anything. .They look out every nite and .say, 'Ob, a'nttbemoon lovely!'" A wager to eat 60 eggs in 60 minutes was . receutly won by a negro at Louisville, U.S.A. He cooked the eggs himself, and ate 2? in the' first six minutes. The remaining. 33 disap peared more siowly, but all kad vanished be- ■; fore the hour expired. When he had finished the champion eould hardly speak, and had to be helped to his feet. The Earl of Rqsebeiy spoke at a meeting of Liberals on Wednesday night.at Glasgow, and revie^ed^'tbie efforts.'vrbich bad been,made jfo,.' effect a reAmion -Of the.Lite&tpB;^i"Slev said that thepatienee of the miain bqdy of the Liberals Tfith the dissentient minoritywhioli < still held aloof was nearly exhausted, and that he fearedthat a permanent split must now be reckoned upon. > •• -At the sitting ojp'the Imperial Conference on Wednesday, ■ %Ir James Service, on pf.ths ,, delegates of Victoria, and thelate Preniet ' that oolony, nbtifipS' that ie^WoiUd.jk-oi^n the quefctioti' of 'tire new LHebfidea."" jffe de manded th"at'tlHi'Cobfe'renfee:rfitwiid iKbti*e®i: j fall confidence of tbe Gatimetf •»ndkiMwt0jh 1; upon the settlementthe The resolution introduced into the Canad ian House of Commbbe^deBl&ribg; \ principles of the Iri<ib primes e sed on:;Wed&esday;^ an&HDb;<iar4ivisibh-*fa6mig- i: ; taken the Souse decided ajj^nBt'itiytexpre^ d sion iof opinion. }^'^o^ J^I>on&WV;\tbe_ •; Premier, during' the Sourse pi the.debate^ . warmly'1 meddling > : Kingdom, «nd|^|^]re^^^^>te|L against ) 