MARK TWAIN'S /VERSION OF "HAMLET.5' This above talented author has put forth a revised edition of _ the tragedy "of " Haniiet." According 'to TWiiih's idea, ' liamlet, " as it'Caiii'e from the pen of Shakespeare, was incomplete. Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the farhily of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious' arguments ' '# '# - - - - - / - ' "We lind in the History of England and Paris adjacent pages, 4, 11, 44, Vol. II, the following letter 'from the ; King of Denmark to Toin' Sayers, an old friend of his : — Dear Tom — Those hair-stuffed box ing gloves and foils came by the Mark.'Lane Express :(Mark Lane who ran the Express Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest . son, being of a taciturn and melancholy disposition, takes ; very : little stock in the gloves, as: a . blow on. the nose only serves .to. increase his melancholy. Thus I .have 'given ye gloves to Billy my second born who ; is as lively as a cricket on ; his pins', and a jovial lad withal, who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. t Yesterday he thumped'. 1 If is te&cher; 1 most soundly, on ye bugle, for which I re Warded him' by giving hiin'a silver- mounted wassail bowl filled to the uppermost brim '.with good brown ale. . -ft- ft T- ,1 . If you .make your match with 'Grabble lot me know, and send a- "couplO of tickets fdr seats pretty close to, the ropes. . If you want backing, the . whole. Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub-treasury thrown in i's Yours truly, Claudius, King of Denmark. " \- From this historical scrap Mr. . Clemens (Mark Twain).. proceeds to .reconstruct the play, holding, with 'no . little show of reason, that' Shake-'' 'speare ' 'had no license — poetical or ' otherwise — to give Hamlet a ' pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. # » m ' . Twain Continues : — " Other letters" from the King to Sayers, how in my 'pnsses'sioilV being kindly loaned -trie by /the British Museum, go ' to show 'that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, b'dca'use,' 'when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, 'which so in censed the bard .that lie never forgave ' the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers plitced in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in . making no reference to Billy in the ; play except where lie appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' The events at Elsinore happened as I liaye written them. Shakespeare "transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass "uncorrected," THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain, takes . ' liberties with the original text/which strongly reminds 'one "of 'Souiircault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first act . where Bernardo and Francisco indulge ' in a colloquy on the 'platform along with "Marcellus and Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments fp.r the guards out of a . little black bottle ; but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, 'they' begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to. encourage so . pronounced a case of delirium tremens. » The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in a side sceiie is represented dressing himself up 'in his father's armour and covering himself with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and. Horatio making several turns out in the side scenes, where he goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. When Horatio is telling Hamlel.pi the ' apparition William listens with his mouth wide open, apparently ransfixed with fear ; but .'after , they are gone he turns to Hamlet with "Hamlet, do you swallow all this?" j Don't you know all these fellows are i as crazy as bed- bugs? Do you sup pose the old man would walk around this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of armour? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able of packing armour around. \Vhy, the last fe,wj.ydiir|.:he wasn't hardly able to" wafldle about in that, piie-hundred-an.d-ten u po.und. suit. Don't you know wlieu "He came in from that last dress,, payadet he said he'd be switched if he'd' ever 'put the old brass togs onalri'; 1 "Pshaw, old boy have some sense." # # # # THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape andpehearses the ghost- walking' s'cerie 'until hev is ehtirely 'satisfied wth !bitnse|f, .While he indulges in tile following soliloquy : "Perhaps tin's won't cffthli ltifri, bh, no! He'll think it the true business, and no "Mistake; TfT can get him about Half crazy I can collar ( the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to go.", In this scene Twain :h'a's followed the original text pretty closely. , /The following extract will give a general idea' of his treatment of it : — . Hamlet._, Mylate, cries, out, And makes' each petty artery on this Body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. ... ( Ghost bechoiis. ) Still I am called. Unhand me" gentle men ! " ' ( Bredhihg jr'drii IKern), By heaven, I'll make a ghost "of 'Him that lets me. ... I say, away ! Go ,on 1 I'll , follow thee." William, Oh, he s coming, I've' got ' " him cranked already. The harrowing tale which William, as the,. ghost,, unfolds, . runs, in .this , 'pi-aritical . spirit. Dopmejd ,to, /an "eVerlasting ' swing around", the 'circle. 'I could a tile" unfold that wCiild lift your hat to the' ceiling. Tf ever1 there was a slick old fraud yoiir 'uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The ' man who is now in my political shoes dumped , the :.punce ; of ;prussic acid; in my ear and that did the business. I can tell you Hamlet . that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials , for the trade. : . # » The Ghost then proceeds at , con- > siderable length to tell HaviLet \y\mt , to do'and how to get even' wiili' his Uncle, interspersing his .story .with - some side- splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the ' entire pliay the pranks of JPfff/'awi are - indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double role of Ghost and adviser to Hamlet in the flesh. When ' hot masquerading with . his material seances he is going about with his ..Brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, arid telling him what an infernal fool lie is for taking ' "anyjst'ock'in the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place , to hold his sides'arid laugh When his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. « » » .His prime idea is to get evpn on his Uncle and' 8tep-rfather,/fqr hvhqrii he has the most profound contempt ; but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, arid on one occasion ''con fesses ' the ' fraud "arid tries to "get Hamlet to look at the armor and . mosquito netting ; but J Hamlet only looks! upon it as;a d'odge 'to' '.dissuade , . him from his purpose, and will listen to nothing. " " ; ! In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to , take their course. , In the closing scene he gazes upon the work1 of 'death, and coolly orders "a bolt of black crape" .while he arinourices that his morning will be wholesale. , . ' Some of the passages, are intensely , funny, and in others the humor is forced, with a tendency to slang ; but as ',a whole ' the innovation is very laughable, and the version will no doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed audiences should it ever _ be .played. So writes an, 'American | critic. W.H.W. 