politic-ax notes. Nothing could bo mote encouraging to the new Ministry than the reception accorded last eight to the Premier and the members of his Government at St. Leonards. The greeting given to 'Sir Henry Partes was more than en thusiastic, and requires Bomo new word to describe its tumultuous, overdo wing cordiality. Several of his colleagues came in for a liberal share of the same kindly welcome, and even Mr. Roberts and Mr. Clarke were charitably drawn into the goodnatured approval. But the special honors of the evening, apart from those given to Sir Heury Parkes, were accorded to Mr. Abigail, whom the Pre mier referred to as his "valued and gigantic friend,"iand to whose rapid and promising poli tical development he paid a very high tribute. The audience insisted on Mr. Abigail showing himself, and when Sir Henry Parkes' speech was concluded it was Mr. Abigail who was irresistibly called upon to address the meeting. The most unhappy man present probably was Mr. Ives, who, a year ago, stood in a strong and independent position before the electors, but who now, after a 12 months' trial, with -questionable success, is glad to be taken in as St humble pensioner on the electioneering patronage of the Premier. Altogether, the meeting conclusively demonstrated the satis faction felt at the presence again, after so long nn interval, of a strong man at the centre of affairs, a satisfaction which will probably be equally felt by the country. Mr. A- J. Riley, the new Mayor, has finally decided to offer himself as a "good Govern ment and commercial freedom'' candidate for the representation of South Sydney. This is an item of welcome news. It will be remem bered that Atr. Itiiey made a most favorable impression on the electors of Canterbury at the last general election and almost secured one of the seats. Had he been earlier in the field he would not have failed. Since then he has become more widely known, and his capacity for public usefulness is now generally admitted. His civic position is, ot course, an advantage, and it is pretty certaiu that if he had chosen to persevere in his first intention io contest East Sydney he would have been successful ; bat be has yielded to the solicitations of the freutrade party and consented to allow himself to be put in nomi nation for South Sydney. The protectionists intend to run a bunch of four for that electorate and it is desirable that a specially strong effort Ehould be made to defeat them. His "Worship the Mayor will be one good man on the right side, dud we confidently expect to see him honored with the biggest vote. ' Mr. Schev, one of tbe candidates for Redfern, after sitting on tbe rail between freetrade and protection as a " tairtrador," has decided to get down into the freetrade paddock. At his meeting last night be said that "if ever he Should be in favor of protection it would be 'wholly and solely for the benefit of the working- man." This, however, did not satisfy the meet ing, who, like the electors at Dr. Renwick's meeting the previous evening, wanted a straight- -ont answer to a straight-out question — " Are yon a freetrader or a protectionist V" Thus forced into a corner, Mr. Schey declared that, as .they compelled him to answer straight out, he Would "take Sir Henry Parkes and freetrade." If tbo electors of some of the ether consti tuencies would "corner" some of the parti colored politicians who are seeking their suf frages in the same way as the Redfern electors did, we would hear less of " fairtradcrs," " in cidental protectionists " and " grain duties " advocates. ' Mr. Toohey met tbe South Sydney electors last night and asked forgiveness at their hands. "What he proposed briefly was to let the white wash brush of protection generously go over and hide all the record of the Parliamentary party of which he is such a distinguished but apparently unhappy member. Some of them, though not seeing any very brilliant speeches of bis in the papers, might imagine that he bad not fulfilled all the functions of an orator." The fact was that the press had not 'reported him. Then he went on to abuse the press. Unlike a philanthropic brewery (during election times) the press was charged with being conducted on purely commercial principles. Now, if lucrewas the sole pursuit of the press and Mr. Toohey's speeches would cause readers to buy newspapers, on purely commercial principles the papers would rush to print them. But we are not going to dwell on that little Inconsistency. Neither arc we going to plead the excuse suggested by some one in the crowd, who reminded Mr. Toohey that he immorta lised himself by participating in the brilliant political achievement of excluding the press from Parliament, so that it could not report him. But, if it is true, as he says, that he "fulfilled the function of an orator" by speak ing "on all the important questions that came before the house," we might ask him to explain bow it is that J/amard, a journal not run on purely commercial prin ciple, and which consequently could well afford to swamp its pages with Toohey twaddle, is almost as free from it as the columns of the daily papers. It may happen, however, that Mr. Toohey would rather not have Jfaward referred to, as it contaius a history of his fiscal conversion from his own mouth which does not quite tally with that given by him to the electors last night. In these columns once, it came in our way to make re ference to that story, wheu Mr. Toohey, in a grandiloqueut "let me like a soldier fall " sort of strain, wrote asking us to prove that he uttered the words, and he would resign his seat as a man no longer worthy of the position he held. Our reply was a verbatim quotation from Howard, after which Mr. Toohey let the piatter drop like the proverbial hot potato. At the last elections Mr. Toohey declined eay that he was a protectionist, and conse quently was able to "sneak in " oil freetrade Votes. In Parliament he said he had been made ' U protectionist by the class of men v.ho were : upporting freetrade. Last night he said his "Conversion was due in a great measure to seeing | the beneficent effects of protection on Victoria. | It is strange that Mr. Toohey did not stay in ; -Victoria to participate in these advantages | instead of coming to share the miseries pro- I duced by freetrade in New South Wales. The j man who seconded the resolution of confidence ; in Mr. Toohey also declared that he had a great j deal to do in inaugurating the reign of protec- tion under Graham Berry. It is impossible I uub iu s/iupaiumo viiiii iuui> genueinuii, as iin- | mediately begot protection in Victoria it was I his lot to leave the protected paradise and plunge into all the horrors of a freetrade purgatory. I Somehow or other, though, Mr. Toohey does I not seem to have found the freetrade purgatory fc- bad place to get on in. At all events, he was I able to shake his money-bags in the face of the I electors last night and flaunt in the political breeze a cheque-book swelled to inordinate I fatness with the proceeds of long beers innumer- | able. I might have been in the present Ministry I had I chosen, said Mr. Toohey. " Chequo-books i are very useful things." Mr. Toohey may bc- | lieve that tbe vulgar power of his cheque-book j can carry him anywhere. At the same timej j Booth Sydney is a democratic constituency, and I there is a spirit in real democracy that turns I with disgust from a man who insolently flaunts I lus cheque-book as Mr. Toohey did last night. I It was not perhaps a pleasant surprise to the I Supporters of Mr. T. M. Williamson to find that I in the short space of 48 hours he succeeded in I shedding his political skin &3 a member of the ft "sleeping majority" of the late Government I and came oat as a valiant defender of their suc- I cessora, but there was evidently some relief in I the announcement made by him last night that I .be intended also to give up his ipolitical ghost. I The atmosphere of Redfern was by no means I congenial. Tbe electors of that locality have a I very natural preference for men of tbe stamp of I Dickens' old sea captain, whose habit «was to I pot the ethics of his conduct in thciphrase " My I name's Jack Busby, and what I says I means.'1 I They cannot be 'got to believe in the sudden I conversion of Mr. Williamson from an ont-aud- I oat Jennings-Dibbsite to red-hot advocate of the K new political star, and it is therefore just as I well perhaps that he has chosen the safer I though less courageous coarse of the man des- I cribed in the nftrsery rhyme as " He who fights I sad runs away." But men of all shades of opinion I will be sarprised as well as grieved to learn | that notwithstanding hi9 robust appear- I snce Mr. Williamson is induced to shake off B the political dust of Redfern from his feet, no L because of the severo opinions of the electors, but owiug to the peremptory demands of his medical adviser. There is a popular, and as we think, unjust . prejudice against the useful ness of the medical faculty, indeed, some persons hare gone so far as to as sert that if there were no doctors there would be no work for gentlemen of Mr. Mel ville's time-honored profession, but however that may be the faculty has unquestionably scored a point in saving Mr. Williamson from the turmoils of a contested election. We are quite sure it would not be conducive cither to his political or physical health to stump the electorate with his coat turned inside out, and we therefore congratulate bim on the ready acceptance of the recommendation of bis medical adviser to take tbe garment off! and wait for a more favorable opportunity of putting it on again. Dr. Renwick must be an optimist amongst optimists. Ho still has hopes of getting re turned for Redfern, and "leaves tho election with confidence in the people's hands." His address, which appears in another column, is in one respect characterised by undeniable cleverness. In a solid column of writing be successfully avoids stating what are his real opinions on the main issue now before the country. He finds protection a very hard pill to swallow, and it moreover, seems doubtful as to it3 utility from an electioneering point of view, even after getting it down. He is practising with various kinds of sugar coatings, but so far without any tangiblo result one way or the other. Hence he merely leaves himself "with confi dence" in the hands of the electors, to be dealt with as a freetrader striving to innoculate him self with protection, but uncertain as yet whether the virus will take or not. He is quite confident, however, that a political pro toplasm of this description is ju3t the sort of thing that Redferu wants, and, firm in his faith, says he feels it his duty to seek re-election. A number of old aud new politicians intro duce themselves aud theiropinions and purposes to the electors through ottr advertising columns this morning. That genial veterau, the Gosford Premier, is a caudidate for Redfern. Quarter of a century's enjoyment of the excitement of tbe Assembly evidently quite incapacitated him for the mild . pleasures of the Council, and he has contemptuously resigned a dignity which some of his rich but brainless fellow-citizens would give thousands to possess. His address is somewhat indefinite, but from the reference to the fact that he has held office with four mem bers of the present Government, it may be gathered that he is not averse to follow ing Sir Henry Parkers. Upon the fiscal question he may be trusted. Twenty years ago he was one of an overwhelming majority of freetraders returned as the colony's reply to the late Sir James Martin's attempt to introduce a protective policy. What Mr. Farnell was then Vw, it A a f A Uift " Vi A nhrtflrfllllv remarks, "knowing aa I do how it has been brought about, I am not in the least alarmed, aud the country need not fear, because it can be easily overcome by an honest and courageous Government." Are we to understand that in Mr. rarnell's opinion the Jennings-Dibbs Government wa3 neither honest nor cou rageous ? Mr. Kethel docs not desire that his first seat in Parliament should also be his last one. He has decided to abandon the intention to retire from public life. Air. Kethel did good though unpretentious service iu the House, aud in every way proved himself a worthy representa tive of West Sydney. Always supposing that hi.s friends will work their hardest tor him, he may bo looked upon as u certainty for his old cuustituuocy. " Recognising," he says, "tho necessity for a firm and skilful masterband to lift the colony from the financial muddle into which it has been plunged by four years of reckless extravagance and blunderiug mis management, I will accord, if elected, a hearty support to the Government of Sir Hedry Parke while engaged in that work." That is straight enough, it is unnecessary to add that Mr. Kethel is a sound freetrader. Mr. J. D. Young, who cannot see himself as others see him, is a candidate who should be carefully left out of the representation of West Sydney. He has had an opportunity of placing it beyond doubt that he is utterly unable to contribute a single political idea to Parlia mentary discussion. The electors may hold hitn in high personal regard, but they cannot pretend to vote for him upon any other ground. What ou earth is the pleasure he derives from his monotonous performances in the House it would take a very remarkable mind to con jecture. West Sydney ventured very far in giving hiui a trial, and having tried him and asccruiued the fact that he is a political cypher, it should do more kindly by him than perhaps he deserves by dismissing bim to more congenial occupations. Dr. Wilkinson is not tired of the Glebe, and when the numbers are up, we think it will be found that the Glebe is not tired of him. From first to last this young politician's sessional record was clean and consistent. He disclosed no buddiug greatuess, but he possesses a fair measure of political sagacity, aud is abie to sac what he thinks. He approaches hU old eoustUu'.-iits with a good conscience, not having misrepresented them in the late House, and the Glebe will have an unanticipated choice of capable candidates if it can afford to dispense with the services of the younger of its former representatives. Mr, Sydney Burdekiu's latitudes on tbe political situation will not render him nearly so much assistance in regaining his seat for Ea3t Syduey as his persistent opposition to Jennings-Dibbsism. He is not a shining light amongst political economists, and his little disquisition 011 freetrade and protection, which appears elsewhere, does not elucidate the sub ject in auy remarkable degree. But he holds the sound principle, and these are times in which the constituencies will appraise at their true worth all politicians who defend sound principles with manifest honesty of belief and with whatever ability they possess. Mr. Burdekiu will never kiudle enthusiasm, but he has done nothing to forfeit the confidence of the electors who sent hiui into the late Assembly, while his loyal support of the party which "smashed" an infamoas conspiracy aud forced the conspirators to appear before the people for judgment, is worthy of the reward of a renewal of East Sydney's confidence. 