THEATRE ROYAL. li The Holloway Dramatic Company pro- BH duced the romantic play Ingomar the liar but.- he Wau at the Theatre Royal on Saturday At night with marked success, SO far as the Rjl leading roles, on which the play so much HE depends, is concerned. Ingomar 18 taken HE from a German drama of unknown author- HB ship, founded upon the Grecian myth of HB Iphigenia. The English adaptation given HB on Saturday night is by Mrs. Maria BJ Luttrell, whose blank verse contains HJ several passages of beauty, and who HE has treated the old subject of the DB power of love in a highly poetic style, BJ which demands a highly imaginative HB audience. We may say at once that the HB performance on Saturday night was artiBti- BJ carry a success, as no effort had been spared HE to render it complete, while the two leading HE characters developed by the dramatist into HE Two souls with but a single thought, HE Two hearts that boat in Ohio ?? hero fininished dramatic representations B| acquired by genuine ability and care- HB ful study. The audience was not a UM very large and, for theatrical managers Hfl now almost despair of filling the house on HE Saturday nights, but there was a fair dress B| circle, and both Alias Jenyns and Mr. W. J. Hfl Holloway were several times called before . Ki the curtain to receive what must have been BE very gratifying applause, for it certainly had WE a genuine ring of sincerity about it. The tT scenery was excellent and appropriate. The WES curtain rises upon the market place of my MaBsilla, a Greek city, under the rule of a HB laminated. Parthenia, the daughter of Myron, HJ the armourer, a beautiful Greek maiden, who HJ is the very personification of Ucllenlogracoaud BE tender maidenhood, refutes the hand of BJ Polydor, an old miser, whose offer has been BJ supported by her mother for financial roa- - BJ sons. The news then arrives that Myron has < BJ been taken prisoner by the Alleman, and BE Purthoiiia, after failing to obtain the thirty ' BH ounces of silver required for his reason, reels serves to proceed to the camp of the barbar- HE Evans, and plead for her father's liberty. She is HE met by a foraging party of Iugoniur's for- HJ flowers, and is by them conducted to the pro- HE once of the chief. The barbarians are dis- HB cussed to learn that she brings no ransom, HE but after a Darley resolves to accept her as BJ hostage for her father, while he procures the HJ ransom. Ingomar is the chief factor in HJ bringing this decision about, for he is at HE once struck with the grace and courage of grain the maiden, and after the departure BE of Myron, fair Ulenia insensibly weaves the HB golden thread of love around the BJ heart of the strong, brave savage, till like Hathor nation who takes captive her proud H conqueror." Ingomar struggles against his BJ fate in vain and, after saving the maid from H the wrath of his followers, who are annoyed RJ at their chief's dalliance, he breaks with Iii them and follows Patheuia to Massilia, [li where he subsequently does the State Mr home service, and marries her love. The WA drama, as we have before said, in a E purely poetical one, and it is to the power of Bg the actors to render it altogether extrava- HJ cant or preserve it as a graceful flight of j JB fancy. A slight tendency towards her- I HB, rescue was noticeable in some of the minor j HJH) parts, but the two central characters were HE represented by artists who successfully HE avoided the difficulties in their path, HE though we cannot agree with other critics HIS that Miss Essie Jenyns is more successful I HH Parthenia than she is in the more celebrated HJJ role of Shakespeare's creations. Though HHJ Miss Jenyns succeeded in making Partlionia HJ the leading part of the play, Mr. W. J, B Holloway's Ingomar was fully equal to his HE best perform dances, and exhibitions less than ?? usual of his peculiar individuality of accent. of The gradual softening of the native roughest ness of the savage Toulon, under the spoil of HH the Greek maiden, cast upon his heart, was JHJ an interesting study, and the noble dignity HE of Ingomar In the Greek class he assumed HE for the sake of love, was depicted with grace HJH and energy. The minor 1 a-actors in this HE play were not so ably sustained as in the HHJ preceding representations of the company. HHJ Mr. C. ilolWay's Polydor was slightly HHJ exaggerated, and villa actor's tendency to HHJ emphasise every third or fourth word was HHJ HE never more fittingly fruit than in the character of this feeble old man. Mr. H. Hodson's Myron was also exaggerated in conception, and it is difficult to believe how Parthcniii could, have loved such a poltroon and cur- Budgeon. Mr. A, Norman made a dignified Timaren, though he was rigged out like 'Xambouruilno in a book into. fair, and walked like the conventional ghost of Hamlet's father, The barbarians did very well till they came to MnsBllia, where contact with civilisation seemed to destroy the noble savage, and left something slightly grotesque in its place. Miss Nita Steele, who only had a very minor part, invested it with considerable grace by singing ": Wandering hand in hand " in good voice, and with very satisfactory effect. -The orchestra, under the direction of Mr. J. Brown, played the following selections during the evening Overture, "Golden Lyre," Herman 2 Main, " Parthu ?nia,",Lovoy ; fantasia, "Les Huguenots," Meyerbeer ; polka (new), Jersey Lily," Rowe; mar the (new), " Libtt i," La There. i 