MR. CARL ROSA ON ENGLISH OPERA. (FROM THE tOKDOS CHRONICLE.) In a recent number of Mur ray s Magazine Mr Carl Rosa publishes an article of English Opera," continuing some features worthy of note. Concerning Mr Rosas opinions on operatic matters we have never been kept much in the dark He has generally been a ready prey to the irrepressible interviewer This is the first time, however, that the public has had the advantage of gathering the impresario ideas direct from his own own pen, and truth to tell the) seen in consequence to smack of a slightly acid flavour. To begin with, no regard to the subvention for opera, Mr ROSE, having apparently given up the hope of obtaining it as a bad job, now argues that its effects are pernicious He says " But is such tention from the state essential to put opera on a line and financially) sound basis? I think, not be Hiib»entioned theatre the manager is handicapped to a certain extent. In Paris he is obliged to produce a certain number of original L French works every season, and as you cannot satisfactorily be) new works by heard, the result of these productions is not always an advantage, to art He is also restricted to a prescribed class of ) pilots; out of which he must not venture He has to pay enormous taxes, amongst which the ' Droit des I?au»rc3'i3 the most formidable, and, above all, he had to take into account the males kind influence of many, headed by a ' Monsieur le Ministre des Beaux Arts,' are I "Italy is in even a worse position. 'Though the municipalities give a grant to the theatres, vurjinguccordingto the importance of the towns, the manager is the absolute fool of ever) body 'The towns do not only appoint a committee to look after their general interests, which would be quite fair, but separate committees for each different department. There is a committee for the seller), a committee for the dresses, a committee for the bullet, and soon Above all, there is the JMitoie (the music publisher) He is the prime factor with whom managers have to reckon He dictates which work shall be performed, and which shall not, be ordains which artists shall be engaged, and which shall not, and with all these masters to serve, the impresario has only one duty to perform, and that is to pay or not to pay the piper, and he mostly does the latter I In fact, no one who values IM-J independence would accept such a position. If we come toGermanv,we find that there, after all, exists the most healthy state of affairs The German loves opera. Opera in German) occupies the same position among national amusements as sport does in this country '1 Here you will as often hear a new tenor spoken of in clubs restaurants, and railway trams, as hear the horse on which the odds are laid for the Derby) But it is more than an amusement, it is considered as a part of musical education A Cierman will go to hear a new work more than once if beyond his conception the first time And englishman, once bored, will with difficulty be made to return and this is the reason why light opera, opera bou lie, and burlesque have the advantage in this country they are so easy to digest after dinner Mr Rosa, nevertheless, expresses his belief that Germany, "us far as opera is concerned, is not progressing either in creative or executive power," and that the true art of singing is there fast losing its traditions. Coming to this country, he says " Hnghslimen hire a good play, and depend upon it, is they could have a strong play or drama, with good music wedded to it (and this is, after all, the real meaning of opera) they would like it still better By fostering tina taste, and with a little moral support from those in power I do believe that the English nation can be made to consider legitimate opera as one of their most rational amusements, as well as making it a necessary condition of musical culture and education there is no doubt that opera is, to some extent, an acquired taste , but the taste, once imparted, grows rapidly From personal experience I know that some of my beat supporters had to be dragged to the opera at first, and induced to sit it through. " But have Waters. means to build upon establishment for Nationttl'Opero. To begin with, where are the singers J Well ! the raw material is ready." hasten to a Leeds Festival Chorus I ' Can anything be finer than the ? utility, freshness, and volume of the voice? have been in the unenviable position of training my material for stage purposes at my own expense and that of the public Half of my artists have put their feet on the stage under my management, and very awkward they were at first, though I do not think they thought so themselves. But considering the circumstances, it cannot be said that, as a whole, an English singer is devoid of talent for the stage ; then one thing must always be remembered ; when on the English Stage an Italian singer addresses the words, 'Ah, I love you, to the gallery instead of to his beloved one on the stage, not many in front are the wiser. The great majority of an Italian opera audience do not follow the words ; but in English opera the play is the thing,' and any incongruity is soon discovered. What an English singer does want as a rule (of course there are exceptiunsj.ia more, love for his art and just a little less- iu'r',ul_;__cket_' " I think the ballad has to he saddled with a great deal ofcijnisehiot" AMien young singers can cam a good living by singing a simple ballad man acceptable manner (and what English audience will not be satisfied with a ballad decently sung?) why, seeing that for most of them music is more a source of earning a livelihood than anything else, should they trouble themselves about going through a severe artistic training of vocal studies, stage deportment, acting and com. muting long and difficult parts to memory ? Mr Rosa next turns to the question of the repertory, and here he combats a theory which may be described as imaginary rather than resi- " I do not admit national opera to mean opera by British composers alone. No country in the world carried out this theory. In France, Mejerbeer, Weber, Mozart, Rossini, Verdi, Donizetti, Gluck are admitted at the Grand Opera. In Italy, Mozart, Wagner, Meyerbeer, Halovy, Bizet, Guonod, Mas sent, Goldmark, and others, are included in the repertoire In German), all nations are drawn upon, even England. Why, then, should England, which cannot yet claim (though I think the time will come when it may a national school of composers, ex- pect to have a repertoire exclusively of home manufacture ? I think, without dm paraging former efforts, that this notion as regards English opera has been the principal rock on which the ship has foundered. When I made up my mind to fight the battle over again, I resol ed not to depend entirely on English productions, but to give them a fair chance at every available opportunity), and I certainly think the i English composers have fairly come up to the mark " Alter paying a tribute to English orchestras and English opera choruses, the impresario goes on to demonstrate the variety of the industries to which an operatic undertaking constitutes a direct source of gain. He adds " bull, in spite of the expense attaching to all these different accessories, I think I have proved that opera in the vernacular can be made to play, I do not believe in artistic enterprises, which have no commercial backbone Art soon takes away in 'treasury day ' is not met, and the 'ghost does not walk' I have always ex devoured to accustom the public to go and hear a work, instead of a particular anger, and when I found that a singer wanted to be troopers, I have dispensed with his or her Romeos, however valuable they might have been I have never tried to deceive the public as I think it is the greatest possible mistake in a caterer for the public to went under false pretence Nemesis will surely follow; but, on the other hand, if you do fairly li) the British public, I think it is the staunchest and most generous in the world. The difficulty of an impresario lies not, however, that the public , it is in the inside of the watch, with all its little wheels within wheels, that he meets the main difficulties that beset his harassing und ungrateful position " Mr. KOSH concludes his interesting article with a loss reminiscences of his in congenial career, as hereof the tallow pig is, perhaps, the most amusing " Of recent disagreeable experiences I recollect one night at Her Majesty s in 19th. I had produced I mulhausen,' and for the third performance on Mr (Gladstone, who was at that time in power, had notified his intention to be present The intelligence had got about, and the opera being a great success, with Mr. Gladstone's presence adding to the attraction, vie effected a er 'at home I left the thentieiiboui it, and was just sitting down to dinner, when a messenger arrived at an) residence, saying that Schutt, therepresenititneoí the title recital suddenly) collapsed, and could not sing. No greyhound ever jumped up quicker than I from an) repast. Putting a cigar in my mouth instead of food, I drove down to the theatre, where my managerial eye met what at other times would have been a glorious sight 'The colonnade before the theatre was pricing I with people, milly for the double event, 'Tannhauser and Gladstone.' Hut runs they were going to be disappointed in both respects In the afternoon I had received a communication informing me that Mr. Gladstone could not be present, having been summoned to Windsor. When I arrived at the stage door great consternation prevailed. 1 had on my way down already telegraphed to most of my artists to come instantly to the theatre. I had determined to change to 'Mariana.' I know that as Burns and Ludwig were in the 'TnniihKuaer ' chat, I had my Maritana and Don Jose ; but a quite unexpected difficulty presented itself, When I looked for the master carpenter and his principal assistant, I found them in a, perfect state of intoxication, lying on the floor in the cellar, and no gentle persuasion nor stern treatment would persuade them to change the scene) By this time it was the hour for opening a written bills were posted on the pay box that Maritana would be substituted for Maritana ' I must give, though at that moment heaven only knew where my Don Castro and Lazarillo were to come from I ' the first man appearing Ina Davies, the! tenor You must sing Don Cesare I '-'I dont know it Can you not get through the first actress mightier and go down and dress ' Miss Yorke was the second to arrive, and I had my Lazarillo My friend Randegger, although he had never conducted the opera, consented to do so until m) sub. conductor had returned from home in evening dress, and up went the curtain Hut wind, about the scenery? "Well, we pulled him Venus scene' oil, and played the first see in Thuringia with the Wartburg in sight, instead of in a Spanish market place '1 her second actor i chamber close at hand, taste i I of in a prison and the third act in the great hall at the Wartburg, instead of in a bpanHi interior But my troubles were not over I soon discovered that, in spite of the best intentions, Day lea would not get through the opera, and my we watched at the stage door. 03 Wellington Bpie 1 for Blucher at the battle of Waterloo w ell, Blucher came in the shape of Turner, who lived a good distance, off and had induced an express train to stop and let him out at one of the stations running into town n He dressed and released Davies in the middle of the first act, to the great; astonishment of the audience, and Pew di I the tame for Rundegger I did not shut the theatre, but it was as narrow on escape or. doing so as OUT manager ever had 