-.HUMOUR. All great manon are attentive listeners. Many of them acquire the habit by being married. -Somerville journal. " This is a sad and bitter world," re marked a gentleman of Irish extraction; " we never strew flowera on a man's grave until after he is dead."-Wfashington Hat clhet. " I saw a cool deed this morning," re marked Fangloe atthe supper-table. "What was it P" asked his wife, with deep interest. "The title to an ice-house," replied the wretoh.--Life. Uncle John-" Why, my girl, you've grown like a cucumber vine ! What progress yo? yeu making towards matrimony ?" Clara-" Well, uncle, I'm on my fifth lap." -New Haven News. " Come, Bill," said a young man to a com rado, "it is ten o'clook. Let us go. It's time honest folks were at home." "Yes," was the reply, "I must be off, but you needn't go on that acoount."-- ew York Ledger. Encouragement : "Peroy Lovelace (a suitor)-" Do you think I can ever win Hias Fickle's love? Cynical Friend (a former suitor)-" Never despair, my boy. What man has done, man can do."-IIarper's Barar. In the front parlour, midnight: He (weight three hundred, sentimentally)-" What will you call me, darling, when we are married F" She (absently looking at clock)-" I don't know. Fatty, I supposo"'- Town Topics. "George,' she said, tenderly, "do y'u believe in the old saying, ' Out of sight, out of mind' ?" "Well no, not altogether," responded George, hesitatingly. "For in stance, take a boil On the back of one's neck." \--Mo York Sun. "Pa," said little Harold to his paternal parent, after that individual had been reading an article on " Superstition " to his family, " Pa, does death always follow the howl of a dog ? " " No, darling," replied Backstruttlo, "sometimes its the bootjack."--udy. Experienced dry goods clerk- "Ladies, have you seen this pattern elsewhere?" Ladies-" No we came to you first of all." Experienced dry goods clerk-" Then pardon meif I decline to show it to you, for if you have just begun shopping you will not buy here. "-- eegendle 1/atter. Mullin-" Oi hey a chinder in me eye, from th' gas house !" Mrs. Mullin-" Sorra! This is pfwhat yez'll do. Hold yure nose with wan hand; tur-rn th' lid av yure eye insidy-out wid th' other; kape y`ure mout' shut, an' shneeze like th' divil !"' Mullin " Oi t'ink Oi'll kape the ohinder, Rosie !," Puck. Annette-" I have just been haring a delightful stroll with Harold. Can anything be more delighttul than a walk in the moon light?" Jeanette (five years older)--"Poeti cal no doubt Annette; but when you have bad my experience you will know that a dark corner of the poreh is equal to ten moonlight nights."-Philadelphia Call. " That's right, little boy," said a kindly old lady to alad who was trudging cheerfully along with a slate under his arm. "I like to see little boys who are studious: and there's a nickel for you. On your way to schoolP" "No'm," replied the boy, pocketing the nickel. " e fadderkees a beer saloon, an' the old slate's busted. I'm tagin' him a new one."-New York Sun. " I s'pose you'd take a man's last cent for a drink here ?" exclaimed a respectably dressed individual with a red nose, as he walked in and leaned on the bar of a Railroad Place saloon yesterday. "With pleasure," replied the affable attendant. The first speaker ordered a drink of brandy, which he quaffed with an appreciative gurgle, followed by a smack of his lips Reaching down into the corner of his pocket, the customer resur rected a red penny, laid it on the counter, and astonished the bar-tender with the two words : " Last one."-The Saratogian. Bright young men are not necessarily polished.--Hlotel Gazette. It is at a circus, when he can keep his hat on, that a bald-headed man isreallyindepen dent. "Help one another" works well every where except at a table of a well-filled board ing house. Customer--Are you sure this bread is fresh, baker? Baker-Well, I should say so-it's to-morrow's. The cashier abstracted the money, and when He'd done it he laughed in his sleeve; Till exposure was imminent for him, and then, Why, then he still laughed in his leave. Some of the best blood in the land now runs through the niosquito's veie.-.Pittsburg ChronicleTdelegraph. A woman always looks under the bed for a man. A man goes out between acts to look for him.-Boston Courier. Wife-In the game of lawn tennis, my dear, what is the most difficult thing to ac quire ? Husband-The lawn.-Puck. A summer rooster writes home that he re tires with the chickens in the evening and awakes with the fields in the morning. That women thus shouldd scold and grieve At man for alcoholic shakes, Seems wrong, for well we know 'twas Eve That first had aught to do with snakes. \- W?ashington Critic. If woman wants to know what sacrifices miien will make for her let her take a seat in the emoking-car.-Philadelphia Inquirer. Ada-Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire and the other pale as a ghost. Ella-Yes. Harry was on one side and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other. A IPAPA'R wILD JOY. There came to port last Sunday morn The sweetest little craft, Without an inch of rigging on; I looked, and looked andlaughed. Rinhg out wild bells and tame ones too Rinj out from morn to noon, SRing im the ltttle worsted socks, . Ring in the bib and spoon. -Amsterdam Desocrat. Pedestrian-Madam, a boy who I am told is your son has just thrown a stone at me, causing a wound that is very painful. What are you going to do about it. Mother-I don't know; have you tried arnicar -Ti' Bits. Within one year twenty-two men in this country have shot and klled their wives in the night under the impresieon that the were burglars. The wife who slips out of bed to go through her husband's po~kets must do so at the peril of her life.-- it Fr Press. ANY Coan WIra Do.-Dr. Joseph Parker writes in the London Daily News : In some religious denominations there is, as you know, greater liberty of speech than in others. Al low me to illustrate this. A Tory was taking part (utrange as it may appear)in a prayer meeting, andin his intercessions he expressed anxiety for the union of Tories and Unionists. " Iord," said he "may they all hang to gether "- " Amen," interrupted another. "Lord, lot them all hang togethr " " Not, Lord," said the first speaker, " in the sense which the word means, but let them hang togeth erin accolrdand concord." "Any cord will do, Lord, any cord will do," con tin-ued the Radical interrupter. What may come of it I do not know, but probably the world will hear something about it later. 