fI€tI#S. She : a HistoTy of Adventure. By H. Ridbb Haggakd. (Author of 'King Solomon's Mines,' 'Dawn,' 'The Witeli's Head,' &c.;) Chaptee XIII.— AYESHA UNVEILS. '*{ There,' she said, ' he has gone, the white-bearded old fooL ' Ah, how little knowledge dees a man acquire in his life ? He gathers it up like water, but like water it runneth through his fingers, and yet if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, ? See, he is a wise man.' Is it not so ? But how call n.«^fkoa9 -'RaiuwiTi' ha ruth.' and she lauffhed: 'but ;. that is the fashion of these savages who lack imagination, 6 and fly to the beasts they resemble for a name. How do ; '?? they call thee in thine own country, stranger ?' \ ' They call me Holly, oh, Queen,' I answered. '? *' Holly,' She answered, speaking the word with diffi ': sulty, and yet with a most charming accent, ' and what is # Holly?' ' Holly is a prickly tree,' I said. ' So. 'Well, thou hast a prickly and yet a tree-like look. Strong art thou, and ugly ; but, if my wisdom be not at ! fault, honest at the core, and a staff to lean on ; also one ; who thinks. But, stay, Holly, stand not there ;' enter with f ' me and be seated by me. I would not see thee crawl before : mo like those slaves. I am a-weary of their worship and their terror; sometimes, when they vex me, I could blast them for very sport, and to see the rest turn white, even to the heart,' and She held the curtain aside with her ivory hand to let me .pass in. I 1 entered, shuddering. This woman was very terrible. f Within the curtains was a recess, about 12 feet by 10, and j ifc in. the. recess was a couch and a table whereon stood fruit 1 * and sparkling water. By it, at its end, was a vessel like a * - font cut in carved stone; also full of pure water. The place was softly lit with lamps formed out of the beautifu1 vessels of which I have spoken, and the air and curtains were full of a subtle perfume. Perfume, too, seemed to emanate from tho glorious hair and white clinging vest ments of She.herself . I entered the little room, and there stood, uncertain. ' . 'Sit,' said She, pointing to the couch. 'At present thou hast no cause to fear me. If thou hast cause, thou shalt not fear for long, for I shall slay thee. Therefore let thy heart be light.' I 6at down on the «na of the couch, near to the font like basin of water, and She sank .down, softly on .to the other end. 'Now, Holly,' she said, 'how earnest thou to speak Arabic ? It is mine own dear tongue, for Arabian am I by birth. Yet dost thou not speak it as we used to speak. Some of the words seomed changed, even as among these men. The Amahaggar have debased and defiled its purity, so that I have to talk to them in what is to me another tongue.' ? ? ' I have learnt it,*' I answered, . 'for many years. The language is spoken in Egypt and elsowhere.' *- So it is still spoken, and there is yet an Egypt ? And *, what Fharoah sits upon the throne? Still one. of the ¥ spawn of the Persian Ochus, or are the Archaemenians i gone?' « The Persians have been gone from Egypt for nigh 2000 years, and since then the Ptolemies, tho Romans, ; and many others have flourished and held sway upon the ' Nile, and fallen when their time was ripe,' I said, aghast. ' What canst thou know of the Persian Artaxerxes ?' i ? - She laughed, and made no answer, and again a cold chill ; ; went through me. 'And Greece,' she said; 'is there \- i still a tJreoce? Ah, I loved tho Greeks. Beautiful were '? ? they as the day, and clever; but fierce at heart, and fickle, notwithstanding.'. . . t'Yes,' I said, 'there is a Greece; and. just now it is ; once inore a people. Yet the Greeks of to-day are not what the Greeks of the old time were, and Greece herself is but a mockery of the Greece that was.' 'So. The Hebrews; are they yet at Jerusalem? And does the temple that tho wise king built stand, and if so, what God do. they worship therein? Is thoir Messiah come of whom they talked so much, and does He rule tho earth?' 'The Jews are broken and gone, and the fragments of their people strew the world, and Jerusalem is no more. As for the temple that Herod built ? ' . '?? ' Herod '(' she said. 'I know not Herod. But go on.' '...'? . (t The Romans burnt ic, and the Roman eagles flew across its ruins.' 'So* so. They were a great people, those Romans, and wont'straight to their end — ay, they sped to it like Fate, or like their own eagles on their prey, and left peace behind thorn.' '5 Solitudinem fatiunr, pacem appellant,5' I suggested. 'Ah, thou canst speak the Latin tongue, too,'?, she said, in surprise. ' It hath a strange ring in my ears after all ; these days, and it Beams to ine -that thy accent does not fall as tho Romans put it. 'Who was it wrote that? I know-not the spying; but it. is a true one of that great people. It seems that I have met a learned man — one whose hands have held tho water of the world's knowledge. Knowest thou Greek also P' . ? . 'Yes, oh Queen, and something of Hebrew; but not to . speak them. They are all dead languages now.' She clapped -her hands in childish gloe. 'Of a truth, ugly tree that thou art, thou ^rawest the fruits of wisdom. Oh, Holly,' she. said, 'but of those Jews whom I hated, for^they, called 'me * heathen ' when I would have taught them my philosophy. Did their Messiah come, and doth He rule theworld?' ' ? ? 'Their Messiah came,' I answered with reverence; ? ' 'but He came poor and lowly, and they would have none : of Him; They scourged Him, and crudfied Him upon a ? tree; but yet His words and His works live on, for He was I , the Son of God,- and now of a truth He rules half the world, ' ; but not with an. empire of the world.' ? ? , ' Ah, the:Ji6iOT-hefcrted wolves,' she said, u the followers ; ,: of Sense -ami of many gdds^greedyrof gain-and1 faction torn. I Cs&TS;&Filieir; u^u^facesxet: So 3her tsirucified their Messm^^ett'CatfT^eKevrifc Son of ibJJTiivinl^pirie^ouldlTWiMugHt:fe tfi^n-^-if, indeed, he wfl#-«o,vrand: of Jthafwe mil talk afterwards. They would care nought for any god if he came not with pomp and ?power^ They, a chosen 'peopleT'a vesBeT*of Him '? tliey Called Joliovah, ay, and a vessel of Baalj and a vessel of Astoreth, and a vessel of the gods of the Egyptians-^a high-stomached people greedy of aught that brought them wealth and power. So they crucified tlieir Messiah because He came in lowly guise— anti how are they scattered about the earth. 'Whyi if I remember, so said one of their prophets that it should be. Well, let them go — they 'broke my heart, those Jews, and made me look with evil eyes' across the world, ay, and ?drovo-me to this wilderness of a people that was before them. When I would have taught : them wisdom in Jerusalem they stoned me, ay, at the Gate : . of the Temple those white-bearded, hypocrites and rabbis i' hounded die people on to stone me. See, here is the mark ; of it to this day,' and with a sudden move she pulled up : the gauzy wrapping -on her rounded arm, and pointed to a ';? little scar that showed red against its milky beauty. '? I shrank back horrified. '? ; ' Pardon me, oh Queen,' I said ; ' but I am 'bewildered. Nearly 2000 years have rolled across the earth since the Jewish Messiah hung upon His cross at Golgotha. How then canst thou have taught thy philosophy to the Jews before He was? Thou art a woman, and no spirit. How con a woman live 2000 years? Why dost thou befool me, oh Queen?' She leaned back on the couch, and once more I felt the hidden eyes playing upon, me and searching out my lieart. - ' . ' Oh, man,' she said at hist, speaking1 very slowly and deliberately, 'it seems that there are still things upon the ? earth of which thou knowest naught. Dost thou still believe that all things dip, even as those Jews believed I tell theo that naught really dies. There is no such thin as death, though there be a thing, called change. Sec,' and she pointed to some sculptures on the rocky wall. *' Three times two thousand years have passed since the last of the great race that hewed those pictures fell before the breath of the pestilence that destroyed them, yet are they not dead. E'en now they live ; perchance their very spirits are drawn toward us now.' She glanced around. ' Of a sureryjit sometimes seems to niejthat my eyes can see them.' ' Yes ; but to the world they .are dead-' 'Ay, for a time; but even to tho world are they born again and again. I, even I, Ayesha* — for that is my name, stranger — I say to ihee that I wait now for one I loved to be born again, and here I tarry till he#finds me, knowing of a surety that hither he will come, ' and that here, and here only, shall he greet me. Why, dost thou suppose that* I, who am all-powerful — I, whoso loveliness is greater* than the loveliness of .t tho Grecian Helen of whom they used to sing, and whose wisdom is greater, ay, 10 times more great than the wisdom of Solomon the Wise — I, who know the secrets of the earth and its riches, and can turn all things to my uses — I, who have even, for a while, overcome change, that ye call death — why, I say, oh stranger, dost thou think^that I herd here with barbarians lower than the beasts?' ' l Know not,' I said numbly. ' Because I wait for him I love. My life has perchance been evil ; I know not, for who can say what is evil and what good? So I fear to die, even if I could die, which I cannot, to go and seek him where he is ; for between us there might be a wall I could not climb — at least, I fear so. Surely easy would it be to lose the way in those great spaces wherein the suns wander on for ever. But tho day will come, maybe when 10,000 more years have passed, and are lost and melted into the vault of time, even as the little clouds melt into the gloom of night, when he shall bo born again, and then, following a law that is stronger thanjany human plan, he will find me here, and of a surety his heart will soften towards me, though I sinned against him ; ay, even though he knows me not again, yet will he love me, if only for my beauty's sake.*' For a moment I was dumbfounded, and could not answer. The matter was too overpowering for my intellect to grasp. *' But even so, oh Queen,' I said at last, ' even if we men be bom again and again, that is not so with thee, if thou spcakest truly.' Here she looked up sharply, and once more I caught the flash of those hidden eyes ; ' thou,' I went on hurriedly, ' who hast never died i' ' 'Tis so,' she said ; ' and it 16 so because I have, half by chance and half by learning, solved one of the great secrets of the world. TeU Jme stranger : Life is-r-why, therefore, should not life be lengthened for a while? what are 10 or 20 or 50,000 years in the history of life ? Why, in 10,000 years scarce will the rain and storms lessen a mountain-top by a span in thickness ? In 2000 years these caves have not changed— nought has changed but the beasts and man, who is as the beasts. There is nought that is wonderful about the matter, couldst thou but understand. Life is wonder ful, ay ; but that it should be a little lengthened is not wonderful. Nature hath her animating spirit as well as man, who is Nature's child, and he who can find that spirit, and let it breathe upon them, shall live with her life. He shall not live eternally, for Nature is not eternal, and she herself must die, even as the nature of the moon hath died. She herself must die, I say — or rather, change and sleep. till it be time for her to live again ; but when shall she die ? Not yet, I ween ; and while she lives so 6hall he who hath all her secret live with her. All, I have it not; yet have I some — more, perchance, than any who were before me. Now, to thee I doubt not this thing is a great mystery ; therefore I will not overcome ihee with it now. Another time will I tell more if the mood be on mo, though per chance I shall never speak of it again. Dost thou wonder how I knew that ye were coming, and so saved your heads from tho hot pot?' . ' --' -lAh, oh Queen,' I answered, feebly. ' Then gaze in the water,' and she pointed to tho font like vessel, and then, bending forward, held her hand over it.: . . . I rose and gazed, and instantly the water darkened. Then it cleared, 'and I saw, as distinctly as I ever saw anything in my life, I saw, I say, our boat upon that horrible canal. There was Leo lying at the bottom asleep in it, with a coat thrown over him to keep off the mosquitos, in such a fashion as to hide his face, and myself, Job, and Mahomed towing on the bank. I started back aghast, and cried out that it was magic, for I recognised the whole scene — it was one that had actually occurred. 'No, no; oh, Holly,' she answered, 'it is no magic— that is a fiction of ignorance.. There is no such thing ae magic, though there is such a thing as a knowledge of the secrets of nature. That is my glass ; in it I see what passes - if I care to summon up the pictures, which is not often. In the water I can show thee what thou wilt of the past, if it be anything to do with this country and with what I have known, or anything that thou, the eazer, hast known. Think of a face, if 'thou wilt, and it shall be reflected from thymind upon the water. I know not all the secrets yet— I can read nothing' in the future ; but it is an ?' old secret. I did not discover it. In Arabia and in Egypt the sorcerers know it centuries ago. So, one day, I chanced to bethink me of that old canal— some 20 centuries ago I sailed up it, and I was minded to look upon it again. And so I looked, and there I saw the boat andjjthree men walking, and one, whose face I could not see, but a youth of a noble form, sleeping in the boat, and so I sent and saved ye; And now, farewell; but, stay, tell me of this youth— the Lion, as the old man calls him! I would look upon him; but he is sick, thou sayesr, sick with the fever, and also wounded in the fray.' ' He is very sick,' I answered, sadly ; ' canst thou do nothing for him, oh Queen ! who knowest so much.' '? Of a surety I can. ~ I can -cure him ; but why speakest thou so sadly? Doat thou -love the youth? Is he, per chance, thy son?' ' He is my adopted son, oh Queen ! Shall he bo brought in before thee?' 'Nay ; how long hath the fever taken him ?' 'This is the third day.' 'Good; then let him lie another day. Then will he, per chance, throw it off by his own strength, and that is better than that I should cure him, for my medicine is of a sort to shake the life in its very citadel. If, however, by to morrow night, at that hour when the fever first took- him, he-doth not begin to mend, then will I come to him, and cure him. Stay, who nurses him ?' 'Our white servant, him whom Bfllali names the Pig; also,' and here I spoke with some little hesitation, 'a woman, named Untune, - a very handsome woman of this country, who came and kissed him when first she saw him, and hath stayed by him ever since, as I understand is the fashion of thy popple, oh Queen.' * - «?My people? ispeat not' to -me of my people^ she answered,, hastily; 'these slaves are no people of mine _; they are but dogs -to do my bidding till the day of my redemption comes ; ' and as for their customs, nought have 1 to do with them. Also, call me not Queen— I am sick of flattery and titles — call me Ayesha, the name hath a sweet sound in mine ears,, it is an echo from the past. As for .this TJ6tane, I. know not. I wonder if it be she against whom I was warned, and whom. I in turn did warn. Hath she?. Stay, Iwillsee;' and, bending forward, she passed her: hand over the font of water and gazed intently into it. ' See,™ she said, quietty, ' is that the 'woman?'' I looked into the water and there, mirrored upon its placid surface, was the silhouette of Ustane's stately face. She was bending forward, with a look of infinite tender ness upon her 'features, watching' something beneath her, anil with her chestnut locks falling on to . her right shoulder. ' It is she,' I said in a low voice, for once more I felt much disturbed at this most uncommon eight. 'She watches Leo asleep.' ? ?' 'Leo,' said Ayesha, in an absent voice; 'why that is ' lion ' in the Latin tongue. The old man hath named happily for once. It is very strange,' she went on, ' very. So like. But it is not possible.' With an impatient ges ture she passed her hand over the water once more. It darkened, and the image vanished silently and mysteriously as it had arisen, and once more the lamplight, and the lamp light only, shone on the placid surface of that limpid, living mirror. 'Hast thou aught to ask me before thou goest, oh Holly ?' she said, after a few moments' reflection. ' It is * Pronounced Assha. ? but a rude life that thou must live here, for these people are savages, and know not the ways of cultivated man. Not that I am troubled thereby, for, behold my food,' and she pointed to the fruit upon the little table. ' Nought but fruit doth ever pass my lips — fruit and a little water. I have bidden my girls to wait upon thee. They are mutes, thou knowest ; deaf are they and dumb, and, therefore, the safest of servants, save to those who can read their faces and their signs. I bred them so^ — it hath taken many centuries and much trouble; but last I have succeeded. Once I succeeded before ; but at the race was too ugly, so I did away with it ; but now, as thou secst, they are other wise.- Once, too, I bred a race of giants ; but after a while nature would no more of it, and it died away. Hast thou aught to ask of me ?' ' Ah, one thing, oh Ayesha,' I said boldly, but feeling by no means as bold as I trust I looked. ' I would gaze upon thy face.' She laughed out in her bell-like notes. ' Bethink thee, Holly,' she answered; ' bethink thee. It seems that thou knowest the old myths of the gods of Greece. Was there not one Actason who perished miserably because he looked on too much beauty ? If I show thee my face, perchance thou wouldst perish miserably also ; perchance thou wouldst eat out thy heart in impotent desire : for know I am not for tliee — I am for no man, save one who hath been, but is not vet,' 'As thou wilt, Ayesha,' I said. 'I fear not thy beauty. I have put my heart away from such vanities as woman's loveliness, that passes like a flower.' ' Nay, thou errest,' she said ; ' that does not pass. My beauty endures even as I endure ; still, if thou wilt, oh rash man, have thy will ; but blame not me if passion mount thy reason, as the Egyptian breakers used to mount a horse, and guide it whither thou wilt not. Never may the man to whom my beauty hath been unveiled put it from his mind, and therefore, ev-en with these savages, do I go veiled, lest they vex me, and I should slay them. Say, wilt thou see V' * „ ' I will,' I answered, my curiosity overpowering me. She lif ted her white and rounded arms — never had I seen such arms before — and slowly, very slowly, withdrew some fastening beneath her hair. Then, all of a sudden, the long corpse-like wrappings fell from her, and my eyes travelled up her form now only robed in a garb of clinging: white that did but serve to show its perfect and imperial shape, instinct with a life that was more than life, and with a certain serpent-like grace that was more than human. On her little feet were sandals, fastened with studs of gold. Then came ankles, more perfect than' ever sculptor dreamed of. About the waist her white kirtie was fastened by a double-headed snake of solid gold, above which her gracious form Bwelled up in lines as pure as they were lovely, till the kirtie ended on the snowy argent of her breast, whereon her arms were folded. I gazed above them at her face, and — I do not exaggerate — shrank back, blinded and amazed. I have heard of the beauty of celestial beings, now I saw it ; only this beauty, with all its awful loveliness and purity, was evil — at least, at the time, it struck me as evil. How am I to describe it? I cannot; simply, I cannot. The man does not live whose pen could convey a sense of what I saw. I might talk of the great changing eyes of deepest, softest black, of tho tinted face, of the broad and noble brow, on which the hair grew low, and delicate, straight features. But, beautiful, surpassingly beautiful as they all were, her loveliness did not lie in them. It lay rather, if it can be said to have any fixed abiding place, in a visible majesty, in an imperial grace, in a godlike stamp of softened power, that shone uponthat Tadiant countenance like a living halo. Never before had 1 guessed what beauty made sublime could be — and yet the sublimity was a dark one ; the glory was not all of heaven, though none the less was it glorious. Though the face before me was that of a young woman in perfect health and the first flush of ripened beauty, yet it had stamped upon it a look of junutterable experience and of deep acquaintance with grief and passion. Not even the lovely smile, that shone about the dimples of her mouth could hide this shadow of sin and sorrow. It stone even in the light of the glorious eyes, it was present in the air of majesty, and it seemed to say : ?' Behold me, lovelv as no woman was or is, undying and half divine ; memory haunts me from age to age, and passion leads' me by the hand; evil have I done, and with sorrow have I made acquaintance from age to age, and from age to age evil I shall do, and sorrow shall I know tilliny redemption comes.' Drawn by some magnetic force which I could not resist, J. let my eyes rest upon her shining orbs, and felt a current pass from them to me that bewildered and half blinded me. She laughed — ah, how musically ! and nodded her little head at mo with an air of sublimated coquetry that would have done credit to a Venus Victrix. ' Hash man,' she said ; ' like Acfeeon, thou hast had your will; be careful lest, like Actceon, thou, too, dost perish miserably, torn to pieces by the ban-hounds of thine own passions. I, too, oh Holly, am a virgin goddess, not to be moved of any man save one, and it is not thou. Say, hast thou seen enough ?' 'I have looked on beauty, and I am blinded,' I said, hoarsely, lifting my hands to cover up my eyes. 'So! what did I tell theo? Beauty is like tho light ning — it is lovely; but it destroys, especiallv trees, oh Ho2y?» Suddenly, she paused,, and through my fingers I saw an awful change come over her countenance. Her great eyes suddenly fixed themselves into an expression in which horror seemed to struggle with some tremendous hope arising through the depths of her dark soul. The lovely face grew rigid, and the gracious, willowy form seomed to erect itself . ' Man,' she half whispered, half hissed, throwing back her head like a snake about to strike, 'man, whore didst thou get that scarab on thy hand ? Speak, or by the Spirit of Life I will blast then where thou standesti''and she took one light step towards me, and from her eyes there shone such an awful light — to me it seemed almost like- a flame— that I fell, then and there, on the ground before her, babbling confusedly in my terror. 'There,' she said, with a sudden change Of manner, and speaking in her former soft voice, ' I did affright thee. Forgive me; but, at times, oh, Holly, the almost infinite mind grows impatient of the slowness of the very finite, and I am tempted to use my power out of sheer vexation — very nearly wast thou dead; hut I remembered ? . But the scarab—about the scarabaeus ?'. 'I picked it up,'_ I gurgled feebly, as I got on to my feet again, and it is a solemn fact that my mind was so disturbed that at the moment I could remember nothing else about the ring except that I picked it up in Leo's cave. .-.....''' ' It is very strange,' she said, with a sudden access of woman-like trembling and agitation that seemed out of place in this awful woman ; ' hut once I knew a scarab like that. It hung round the neck of one I loved,' and she gave a little sob, and I saw that, . after alL she was only a woman, although she might be a very, old one. ' There,'she went on, ' it must be one like it. Also, in old Egypt many there were who bore the name of royal son of Ra. The scarab that I knew was not set thus in the bezel of a ring. Go now, Holly, go, and, if thou canst, try to forget that thou hast looked upon Ayesha's beauty,' and, turning from me, she flung herself on her couch and buried her face in the cushions. As for me, I stumbled from her presence, and I do not remember how 1 reached my own cave. Chatxbk XIV.— A SOUL IN HELL. It was nearly 10 -o'clock at -night when 1 cast myself down upon my bed, and began to gather my scattered wits, and reflect upon what I hadseen and heard. But the more I reflected the less I could make of it. Was I mad, or drunk, or dreaming, or was I merely the. victim of a gigantic and most elaborate hoax? How was it possible that I, a rational man, not unacquainted with the leading scientific facts of our history, and hitherto an absolute tod rutte disbeliever in all the hocus-pocus that in Europe goes by the name of the supernatural, could believe that I had within the last few minutes been engaged in conversation with a woman two thousand and odd years old? The thing was contrary to the experience of human nature, and abso lutely and utterly impossible. It must be a hoax, and yet, if it were a hoax, what was I to make of it ? What, too, was to be said of the figures on the water, of the woman's extraordinary acquaintance with the remote past, and her ignorance or apparent ignorance, of any&ubsequenthistory;? What, too, of her wonderful and awful loveliness? That, at any rate, was a patent fact, and beyond flifi experience ot the world. No merely mortal woman could shine with | such a supernatural radiance. About that she had, at any rate, been in tho right— it was not safe for any man to look upon such beauty. I was a hardened vessel in such matters, having, with the exception of ono painful expe rence of my green and tender youth, put the softer sex (I sometimes think that this is a misnomer) almost entirely i out of my thoughts. But now, to my intense horror, I | knew that I could never put away, the vision of those glorious eyes ; and, alas, the very diablerie of the woman, whilst it horrified-and repelled, attracted even in a greater degree. A person with the experience of two thousand years at her back, with the command of such tremendous powers and the knowledge of a mystery that could hold o£E death, was certainly worth falling in loye with, if ever ; woman was. But, alas, it was not a question of whether or j no she was worth it, for so far as I could judge, not being \ versed in such matters, I, a fellow of my college, noted for what my friends are pleased to call mo misogyny, and a respectable man now well on in middle life, had fallen absolutely and hopelessly in love with this -white sorceress. j Nonsense; it must be nonsense! She had warned me fairly, and I had refused to take the warning. Curses on the fatal curiosity that is ever prompting man to j draw the veil from woman, and curses on the natural impulse that begets it ! It is the cause of half, ay, and more than half of our misfortunes. Why cannot man be content to live alone and be happy, and let the women live alone and be happy too? But perhapj^they would not be happy, and I am not sure that we should either. Here was a nice state of affairs. 1, at my age, to fall a victim to this modern Circe ! But then she was not modern, at least she said not. She was almost as ancient as the original Circe. I tore my hair, and jumped up off my couch, feeling that if I did not do something I should also go off my head. What did she mean about the scarabseus, too? It was Leo's scaraba3U8, and had come out of the old coffer that Yincey had left in my rooms nearly one-and-twenty years before. Could it be after all that the whole story was true, and the writing on the sherd was not a forgery, or tho invention of some crack-brained, long-forgotten individual ? And if so, could it be that Leo was the man that She was waiting for — the dead man who was to be' born again! Impossible again ! The whole thing was gibberish ; who ever heard of a man being born again ? But if it were possible that a woman could exist for 2000 years, this might be possible also — anything might be ' possible. I myself might, for aught I knew, bo a reincar nation of some other forgotten self, or perhaps the last of a , long line of ancestral selves. Well, vive la giterre, why not ? Only, unfortunately, 1 had no recollection of these previous conditions. The idea was so absurd to me that I burst out laughing, and, addressing the sculptured picture of a grim-loolring warrior on the cave wall, called out to i him aloud, ' Who knows, old fellow ? — perhaps I was your contemporary. By Jove ! perhaps I was you and you are I,' and then I laughed apain at my own' folly, and the sound of it rang dismally along the vaulted roof, as though the ghost of the warrior had uttered the ghost of a laugh. ?, Next I belhought me that I had not been to see how Loo ' was, 60, taking up one of the lamps that burnt away at my bedside, I slipped off my shoes and crept down the passage to the entrance of his cave. The draught of night air was lifting his curtain to and fro gently, as though spirit hands were drawing and re-drawing it. I slid into the vault-like apartment, and looked. There was a light by it, and Leo was lying on the couch, tossing restlessly in his fever, but asleep. By his side, half lying on the floor, half leaning against the stone couch, was Ustane. Sho.heJd his hand in one of hers, but she, too, was dozing, and tho two made a pretty, or rather a pathetic picture. Poor Leo ! his cheek was burning red, there were dark shadows beneath his eyes, and his breath came heavily. He was very, very ill ; and again the horrible fear seized -me ihat he* might die, and I be left alone in the world. And yet if he lived he would, perhaps, be jny rival with Ayesha; ^even if ho I were not the man, what chance should L, middle-aged and hideous, have against his bright youth and beauty ? Well, thank heaven ! my sense of right was not dead. She had not killed that yet ; and, as I stood there, I praved to tho Almighty in my heart that my boy, my more than j son, might live, ay, even if he proved to be the man. 1 Then I went back as softly as I had come, but still I could not sleep, the sight and thought of dear Leo lying there so ill had but added fuel to the fire of my unrest. My wearied body and overstrained mind had awakened all my imagination into preternatural activity. Ideas, visions, almost inspirations, floated before it with startling vividness. Most of them were grotesque enough, some were ghastly, some recalled thoughts and. sensations that had for years been buried m the debris of my past life. But, behind and above them all, hovered the shape of that awful woman, and through them gleamed tne memory of her entrancing loveliness. Up and down the cave I strode — up and down. Suddenly I observed whai I had not noticed before, that there was a narrow aperture in the rocky wall. I took up the lamp and examined it ; the aperture led to a passage. Now, I was still sufficiently sensible to remember that it is I not pleasant, in such a situation as ours was, to have passages running into one's bed-chamber from no ono knows where. If there are passages, people can come up them; they can come up when one is asleep. Partly to see where it went to, and partly from a restless desire to bo doing something, I followed the passage. It led to a stono stair, which I descended; the stair ended in another passage, or rather tunnel, also hewn out of the bed-rock, and runniEg, so far as I could judge, exactly beneath the , passage that led to the entrance of our rooms, and across / the great central cave. I went on down it ; it was as silent as the grave, but still, drawn by some sensation or attrac tion that I cannot describe, I followed on, my stockinged 4 feet falling without noise on the smooth and' rocky floor. 1 When I had traversed some fifty yards of space, I came to another passage running at right angles, and here an awful thing happened to me ; the sharp draught caught my lamp and extinguished it, leaving me in utter darkness in the bowels of that mysterious place. I took a couple of strides forward so as to clear the bisecting tunnel, being terribly afraid lest I should turn up it in the dark if once I got confused as to the direction, and then paused to think. What was I to do ? I had no match ; it seemed awful to attempt that long journey back through the utter gloom, and yet I could not stand there all night, and, if I did, probably it would not help me much, for in the bowels of the rock it would be as dark at midday as at midnight. I looked back over my shoulder— not a sight or a sound. I peered forward down the darkness : surely, far away Lsaw something like the faint glow of fire. Perhaps -ft was a cave where I could get a light— at any rate, it was worth investigating. Slowly and painfully, I crept along the tunnel, keeping my hand against its wall, and feeling at every step with my foot before I put it down, fearing lest-I should fall into some pit Thirty paces— there was a light, a flickering light ubinfTig jtiuough curtains ! - Fifty paces— it was close at hand ! Sixty — oh, great heaven ! I was at tho curtains, and they did not hang close, so I I could see clearly into the little oavem beyond them. It j had all the appearance of being a tomb,- and* was lit up by a i fire that burnt in, its centre with a whitish flame and without '?? smoke.. Indeed, there to the left, was a stone shelf with a d little ledge toit three inches or so high, and on the shelf 1 lay what I took to be a corpse; at any rate, it looked like f one, with something white thrown over it. To the right was a similar shelf, on which lay some broidered coverings. ? Over the fire bent -the -figure of - a woman ; she was side ways to me and lacing the corpse, wrapped in a dark mantis, that hid her like a nun's cloak. She seemed to be staring at the flickering flame. Suddenly, as I was trying to make up my mind what to do, with a convulsive movement that somehow gave an impression of despairing energy, the -woman rose to her feet and cast the dark cloak from her. It was She herself ! She was clothed, as I had seen her when she unveiled, I in the kirtie of clinging white, cut low upon her bosom, I and bound in at the waist with the barbaric double-headed L snake, and, as before, her rippling black hair fell in heavy 1 1 masses down her back. But her face was what caught my If eye, and held me as in a vice, not this time by the force of H ler beauty, but by the power of fascinated terror. The H beauty was still there, indeed, but the agony, the blind I] passion, and the awful vindictiveness displayed upon those U quivering features, and hi the tortured Look of the upturned I eyes, was such as surpasses my powers of description. M For a moment she stood still, her hands raised high above 9 \ her head, and aa she did so the white robe slipped from her ' down to her golden girdle, baring the blinding loveliness of her form. She stood there, her fingers clenched, and the awful look of malevolence gathered and deepened on her face. ? Suddenly, I thought of what would happen if she discovered me, and the reflection made me turn sick and faint. But even if I 'had known that I jnust die i ' if I stopped, I do not believe that I could have nioved, fcr f I was absolutely fascinated. But still I knew my danger. I Supposing she should hear me, or see me through the curtain; supposing I even sneezed, or that her magic told her that she was being watched— swift indeed would '-, be my doom. I should certainly be blasted. ? Down came the clenched hands to her side, then up again above her head, and, as I am a living and honour able man, the flame of the fire leapt up after them, almost to the roof, throwing a fierce and vivid glare upon She herself, ►- npon the white figure beneath the covering, and every scroll and detail on the rockwork. Down came the ivory arms again, and as they did so she spoke, or rather hissed, in Arabic, in a note that curdled S my blood, and for a second stopped my heart. ' Curse her, may she be everlastingly accursed.' The arms fell and the flame sank. Up they went again, and the broad tongue of fire shot up after them ; then again they fell. ' Curse her memory — accursed be the memory of the Egyptian.' Up again, and again down. ' Curse her, the fair daughter of the Nile, because of her beauty.' ' Curse her, because her magic has prevailed against me.' 'Curse her, because she kept my beloved from me.' And again the name dwindled and shrank. She put her hands' before her eyes, and, stopping the hissing tone, cried aloud : ' What is the use of cursing ? — she prevailed, and she is gone.' Then she commenced again, with an even more frightful energy. 'Curse her where she is. Let my curses reach her where she is and disturb her rest.' ' Curse her through the starry spaces. Let her shadow be accursed.'' ' Let my power find her even there.' 'Let her near one even there. Let her hide herself in the blackness.' ' Let her go down into the pit of despair, because I shall one day find her.' Again the flame fell, and again she covered her eyes with her hands. 1 ' It is no use— no use,' she wailed; 'who can. reach P those who 6leep ? Not even I can reach them.' Then once more she began her unholy rites. ' Curse her when she shall be born again. Let her be born accursed. ' Let her be utterly accursed from the hour of her birth / until sleep finds her. / ' Yes, then, let her be accursed; for then shall I over take her with my vengeance, and utterly destroy her.' And so on. The flame rose and fell, reflecting itself in her agonised eyes, the hissing sound of her terrible maledictions — and no words of mine, especially on paper, can convey how terrible they were — ran round the walls and died away in little echoes, and the fierce light and deep gloom alternated themselves on the white and dreadful form stretched upon that bier of stone. : But at length she seemed to wear herself out, and ceased. She sat herself down upon the rocky floor, and shook the ? dense cloud of her beautiful hair over her face and breast, and commenced to sob terribly in the torture of a heart rending despair. | 'Two thousand years,' she moaned; 'two thousand ? years have I waited and endured ; but' though century doth '. still creep on to century, the sting of memory hath not ? ' lessened, the light of hope doth not shine more bright. Oh ! to have lived 2000 years, with all my passion eating at my - heart, and with my sin ever before me. Oh, that for me life cannot bring forgetfulness ! Oh, for the weary years ithat have been and are yet to come, and still to come, end i less and without end ! ' ' My love ! my love ! my love ! 'Why did that stranger bring thee back to me after this sort ? For 600 years I have ; not suffered thus. Oh, if I Binned against thee have I not ; wiped away the sin ! When wilt thou come back to me '- who have all, and yet without thee have naught ! What is there that I can do? What? What ? What? And per chance she — perchance that Egyptian doth abide with thee ?where thou art, and mock my memory. Oh, why could I not die with thee, I who slew thee ? Alas, that I cannot 4 die! Alas! Alas !' and she flung herself prone upon the ground, and sobbed and wept till I thought her heart must * burst. Suddenly she ceased, raised herself to her feet, and tossing back her long locks impatiently swept across to whore the figure lay upon the stone. 'Oh, Kaltikrates,' she cried, and I trembled at the name, ' I must look upon thy face again, though it be I agony. It is a generation since I looked upon thee whom I ' slew— slew with my own hand,' and with trembling fingers she seized the corner of the wrapping that layover the form upon the stone bier, and then paused. When she shoke again, it was in a kind of awed whisper, as though her idea were terrible even to herself. ' Shall I raiBe thee,' she said, apparently addressing the corpse, ' so that thou standest here before me, as of old ? I . can do it,' and she held out her hands over the sheeted | dead, while her whole frame became rigid and terrible to A see, and her eyes grew fixed and dull. I shrank: in horror | behind the curtain, my hair stood up upon my head, and ; whether it was my imagination or a fact 1 an unable to say, A but I thought that the quiet form beneath the covering w began to quiver, and the winding sheet to lift as though it lay on the breast of one who slept. Suddenly she withdrew her hands. ' What is the use ?' she said, gloomily. ' Of what use is it to recall the semblance of life when I cannot recall the spirit ? Even if thou stoodest before me thou would'st not know me, and could'st but do what I bid thee. The life in thee would be my life, and not thy life, Kallikrates.' For a moment she stood there, and then cast herself down on her knees beside the form, and began to press her lips against the sheet, and weep. There was something so horrible about the Bight of this fearsome woman letting loose her passion on the dead — so much more horrible even than anything that had gone before, that I could no longer bear to look at it, and, turning, commenced to creep, shaking as I was in every limb, slowly along the pitch dark passage, feeling in my heart that 1 had a vision of a soul in Hell. On I stumbled, I scarcely knew how. Twice I fell, once I turned up the bisecting passage, but fortunately found out my mistake in time. Twenty minutes or more I crept along, till at last it occurred-to me that I must have passed the little stair by which I descended. So utterly exhausted, and nearly frightened to death, I sank down at length there on the stone flooring, and sank into oblivion. . 'When I came to I noticed a faint ray of light in the \ ' . passage just behind me. I crept to it, and found it was I i the little stair down which the weak dawn was stealing. i Passing up it I gained my chamber in safety, and flinging y myself on the couch was soon lost in slumber, or rather f etupor. 