INTERCOLONIAL. Tho Adolaide J ubileo Exhibition wilt closo in bout four weeks. The total yield of gold in New South Wales ,to tbe end of 18BG is estimated at 9,731,213 oz., valued at -£35,058,717 ; and tbo vaiuo of all minerals. X69.772.187. Major-Gonoral Sell aw is a believer in mounted ifles. Ho recommonds that several of tho New roatb Wales Infantry corps shall bo converted into mountod rifles ; that is to say, mounted men thoroughly skilled in tho use of the rifle aud broadsword. A travelling s < agman has been killed on tho railway lino near Doodal Coomcr. He was sleeping on tho side of the track, am' was struck by the step of tho ougiue. Tho Bongitiki Maoris are prophosying one of the much dreaded " kohai " floods. Ths natives say, that when the." kohai " tree blooms it is a certain omen of an iuuudation. Puro illuminating gas has been discovered near Wellington on the property of Mr. Craw ford. Thoy were sinking an artesian well when a flow of natural gas burst forth. Sir Julius .Vogel is in better health physi cally than for years past. Ho walked into the llouso the other day with tho aid of a stick merely, a feat ho has not beeu able to accom plish for many a weary year. In Sydney they believe that thero is every prospect of getting together such a show next year at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition as New South Wales has never approached at any previous exhibition, whether in respect to the variety, the quality or tho market value of tho exhibits. Tho property of tho Australasian Steam Navi gation Company on the western side of Circu lar Quay, Sydney, has been purchased by the New South Wales Government for X275.000 cash. At the outset tho company asked £300,090, stating that it was then yielding a rental of nearly X16,000 per annum. According to the European Mail Mr. Charles Warner, tho well-known melodramatic aotor, has settled to come to Australia under tbe direction of Messrs. Williamson, Garner aud Musgrove. He will bring out with him a new drama of local interest, written by Mr. Henry 1'etlitt, and entitled Advance, Australia ! Out of the 46 designs for tho State House in New South Wales, intended as a celebration of tho centenary, only ono, in tho opinion of tho board appointed to examine tbo designs, comes within tho authorised limit of cost, and this tho board is not prepared to recommend as an adequate design for a groat national memorial. The traffic manager of railways estimates there will be from tho South Australian rail ways during the financial year 1887-88 (—Gross revenue, X800.000, loss working expenses, £460,000 ; net revenue, £3-10,000. It is estim ated that at least X3C4.000 will be charged to general revenue as interest on account of railways. Not many years ago— no further back, in fact, than 1872— tbo prico of copper in the London market was £11 2 per ton. The average prico for tho last year has been a good deal less than hall that. Copper, however, is looking up, and tho probabilities are decidedly in favor ot a gradual rise up to at least X70 a ton as the averago for tho next ilireo monllie. "Young Australia" writing to the Sydney -1/orn- iuy IJu- aUl, maintains that 99 per com. of real young Australians are in favor of tho Naval Defences Bill, and tboy do not feci very highly complimented on being told that such men as Messrs. O'Sullivan and Walker are their leaders. Whon young Australia needs leaders she will look for them outside their camp. The Sydney Univeriity is beiDgtnken to task for issuing examination papers which arc faulty in their orthography. In tbo Physics paper occur the following quostions : "What ismoant by I'oUrnation V' and " Describo mm-l'okri- sable." In the Latiu paper an extract from Horace, book III., ode XXIV. , is disfigured by misspelling, the more glaring front tbo fact that the line as printed will not scan, and tlmt no such word as that giTon exists in tbo Latin language. Mr. Douglas is in daily expectation of instruc tions from England to proclaim tho British sovereignity ovorNcw Guinea, and after this has taken place tho new Administration will be formed. The new Administrator will bo Dr. Macgregor, of Fiji, who was nominated by arrangemont between tbo dolcgatce from tbo colonics at tho Imperial Conference aud her Majesty's Government. Dr. Macgrogor has for some time occupied the position of Acting- Colonial Secretary at Fiji. An interchange of courtesies. — In tho New South Wales Assembly Mr. Melville turned on the Premier for something he bad said, and told a story abont a gentlemen in an insane asylum who thought tho whole world was mad but himself. " "I don't know but ho was right," said the Promier. " I've seen saner men in asylums than I seo sometimes in this House." Then Mr. Melvillo hinted at a lookiug- glasa as a convenient thing for tho Premier to discover these people. Fish aro cheap in Sydney just now. Salmon are selling for Id. oaeh — lino, largo and fresh fish. One of theso fish would servo as a meal for a largo family. Fresh black bream have also been selling as low as 4a a heap, each heap containingsomo 3 dozen or moro fish. Lob sters, fine large specimens, sold as low as 6d. each. Tho general public, however, havo to pay just as much as ever. On asking a dealer what ho wanted for a black bream that was amongst the heap he bought for 4e. 6d. ho replied Is. Gd. Tho pastoral lessees or South Australia aro claiming that tho valuo of wells in which water is found is to bo takon as including tho cost of unsuccessful as well as successful attempts to find water, or that tho value should bo taken as equivalent to tho higher valuo tho wells havo given to tbo surrounding country by increasing its capacity for carrying Block. Tho Govern ment intend to settle tho difficulty by a hill declaring that it was novor the intention of Parliament that ths snuatteri should ha raid for their labor iu sinking valueless wells. " Ths growth of the Australian cities that I havo scon," observes Lord Carnarvon, "is, I believe, equal »o tho growth of any towns iuany part of Ilia world. Of course tlioro aro a certain number of towns in tho United States, and potsibly one or two in Canada, whero tho growth has been very rapid, but nothing has, I imagine, exceeded tho growth of somo of tho Australian cities" Hois also etruck with tho wisdom with which they seem to havo boon laid out in viow of an increasing population and commercial and industrial requirements. The Allury JJnmer says:— "As -Now South Wales' tho colony is well kuown tho world over. Under that titlo it has progressed and prospered at a rato scarcely equalled, and certainly nover exceeded, by any British dependency. Regarded from a commercial view point, an alteration in the namo would be as foolish a procedure) as that of an old estab lished mercantile firm abandoning the stylo undor which it bad carriod on business for a contury. Tho now namo might bo tuoro euphonious, it might bo moro appropriato, but it could not be expected Tor a contury to como to command tho universal recognition that tho usago of 1C0 years iu the past has wrought to eccuro for the old titlo " Not many persons nra aware that tho dcath- addor Is tho nearest approach wo havo in Aus tralia to a " viper." Tho death-addor has its fangs permanently erect, while tho fangs of tho brown, banded and blaok snakes aro not so. Tho death-adder, notwithstanding its lack of power to cause death as rapidly aa tile snakes above montioned, is really moro to be dreaded, by reason of tho fact that it is slothful in its movements, and dees not clear out of tiio way on tbo approach of anyono liko snakes do. Another most important matter in connection with this roptilo, that should act as a caution to poople, is that the death adder assimilates the color of its body to tho ground on which it is located. Unless to an experienced ejo, tbo death adder of our sorub is by no means an easy reptilo to discern, even if ono is only a few feet away from it when on tho ground of its native homo and surroundings. MorenamesforNsw South Wales— Australian, Austral-Albion (the southern England), Bidonia, Facilica, Oceana, Kiverina, Austral, Boadicea, Warn talis, Omnia, Tho Fair Sunny Laud, Primaustral, Clirysouis, Grand Australia, Estrelia, Formosa, Stolla Australia, Eastland, Albertanuia. Magnolia is recommondod, besides beiDg happily euphonious, as tho con traction of "Magna Orieutalis Australia. Liko Great Britain and Ireland, with the rose, tho thistle, and tho shamrock, we skull also havo our emblematic or symbolical flower. About dusk on the night of 28th November, a little boy named Charley May, son of Mr. R. E. \V, May, baker, of Mannuin, was drowned in the Murray river. It appears that two small boys went out in a boat anct had hut just got to tho edgo of tho stream wheu one fell in the water. Somehow or other the second boy -being in the front part of tho boat did not notice the accident to his companion, but on looking round missed him and saw abut float ing on the water. Mr. May, who was not fag off, immediately jumped in to liud his son, if possible, but without avail, and although diving was kept up for hours it was of no service. Tho boy was a particularly bright and intelli gent lad. There havo been shipped at Sydney, on board the steamship Riveriua, six very fine hunters and harness horses, with which it is intended to test the English market. Tho horses were brcdin Victoriaand New South Wales, aud are the property of Mr. W. J. Keatos, of Melbourne, with whom is associated in the venture Mr. E. S. Chosler, also of Melbourne. It is thought by theso gentlemen that as wo can supply the military authorities in Iudia with the. horses they require, woought to, with the rapid and regular communication now going on between Australia and Euglaud, be in a good position to compete with Canada for the British trade. Tbo speculation is the first of its kind ; but with judicious management it is believed that it will result in a regular trade in horses being established between Australia and Hug- land. Sir Jobn Robertson familiarly known as " Jack Robertson," in presenting the testi monial to Beach thus delivered himself : — Tho other colonies woro continually " blowing" about tvbat thoy had done, but ho would liko to see them put a great oarsman into a boat and send him hero to row tho successor of their champion. (Hear, hoar.) Then tbey would have something to talk about. (Laughter and applause.) The truth was that they bad not got them— (laughter)— they could not breed them in the neighboring colonies. (Renewed augbtor.) Let the Victorious 6oud that home to Sir Graham Berry. Tbey found fault with our colony boing called "Australia;" but he could tell them that tho colony was Australia beioro Victoria had any existence. (Laugh ter.) In tho accounts ot Now Guinea exploration mention is mado of tbo very great difficulty experienced iu getting tho natives to aocoin- pany tho explorers to the tops ot tho moun tains "Can it be," asks a correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, " that this singu lar dread has a direct connection with the Hebrews of old, as in tho Book of Exodus, oh. XIX., v. 12, tho toilowing words occur: ' Take hood to yourselves that yfc go not up into tbo mount, or touch tfie border of it. Whosoever toucbctk the mount shall bo surely put to death.' " Tho explanation given by Mr. Douglas is tbat tbo nativca bciievo that tbe souls of tbeir ancestors inhabit tbo higher regions. Thoy daro not approach these places themselves, aud are loth to allow auy strangers to do so. A few nights ago ono of tbo constables on duty in the machinery hall at tbo Adelaide Exhibition wkila engaged going his midnight round was suddenly startled by bearing a weird voioe, apparently omanating from somo one in dire distress, crying out, "Givo mo my leg; give mo my leg ;" followed by deep moans Tho constable searched in vain for tbo cause, and as the sounds were strongest in the vicinity of tho deadhouso, ho decided tbat something supernatural had occurred, and hastened from the spot as fast a9 his legs could carry him. Tho next night tho blood-curdling sounds were again heard. Ail sorts of rumors began to ciroulato. Just when tho fever was at itshoight tho joko was " blown," and it was then soon that scientific and not supernatural forcos had been at work. Thero is in tho western annoxe a new kind of telephone called tbo Cluny telopbone, and it communicates with a small building immediately to tbo east of the machinery hall. Whon spokon into at ono end it magnifies tho voice at the other to a wonder ful extent. Somo ono connectod with tbo exhibition, having discovered tho peculiar pro perties of this telephone, hit on tho idea of working up a good praotical juko out of it, nod honco the ghost story. 