TM'Owii oil Hie '?'World. '''By ''EDWIN' HODDER. -^OHAPTER XII,— [Continued) -r.,'-. OHABOM's FER11Y boat Wlien^ Mr.- Choriton rose from bis knees,. „ somehow or, other the darkness did not seem I y 3 Lfi6JdG®P-) 'or tlie.Btato of tho case so hopeless, as it had seemed before. Then it occurred to ?''''''''hitri that lie was 'hungry and had fasted for a long time, so he moved gently towards tho place„ where the old couplo had been sitting to ' &Ke; their refreshment and trim'' their lamps, and to his great satisfaction ho found there a box in which tliey were in the habit, as it womd appear,' of keeping a stock of refresh vmente in^case ot need. . There were , biscuits \- and chocolates, and there were one or i two bottles of' 'gobd vin ordinaire. Mr. Cheriton drew the cork of one and refreshed himself,, ^iffid'niiade a' fairly good -meal- off the biscuits, and; then' he lit., a\\. cigarette and tried to ! feel happy. ITe partiallyv sucopeded for a while ; but when'he looked at his watch, thinking it must soon be time to expect .the return of the guides, lie was 'disheartened to find 'that only half an hour had elapsed. Wearily he paced — up- and down, thinking a thousand thoughts,' ^'[j aftdlyet .'conscious of none ; eagerly lie listened for any sound, to break the horrible stillness ; butr;when any sound came, it only made; the piace more gloomy, for it was but the squeak of a bat, or the move of a rat or other noxiou rtXahimtil.'/. 'Again1 and again lie went to; the gaping,.mouths .of the tunntlsj and sometimes he lifted up his voice and shouted ' Ray i B'ertie1 !' -But: the echoes bnly mocked him, '.jl/an^mfde him feel very wretched. Ct seemed incredible to him that time could travel so ^lpy^'j ^he-put his '^watcb -to his ear half a dozen times to make sure that it had not stop ped. Six,. seven, eight ; o'clock ! He did not — know howhe -could bear the - suspense iany SxfJlori^eri'- ' Would they never- come ?? - Mr. Che riton had only one smile pass over his face all . j.those weary. hours, and that came about ; in j' I'toi's manner., 'He had often heardj as every body has, of people in times of great anxiety {..£ growing /grey in' 'a night. When lie was thinking of this, he had mechanically taken '- dut 'Of his :po'oket a tiny looking-glass he was in 'ijj'thebabit of' carrying when 'travelling, and! had , .. held itln one hand and his lamp in the other, ' wi-W'see whether his hair had become affected in any way by his trouble ! There he stood, ^ , 'absent-minded and abstracted, with his arms -3''rfext«nded' until they ached ; and when at last ha^'cama ''to himself.' and '_thought of, the ?^absurdity of a ; man in trouble, having- the / nerve to watch the process of his own hair ? A 'turning '.greyi he smil^d^as^ well he plight. ?. Nine o'clock ! and still no sound of return ing Ifootsteps. Something terrible must have happened. « — . -'i « ? ? \ . ? ,..3^1«t:us now go back to the part of the cave * where we left Ray and', Bertie. Hungry, cold, ^degrgssed,' they too had declared that Bertie's watch had gone .wrong ; and, as a matter of fact, Ray's watch had: actually i stopped at 'the time of his fall. Bertie's : watch stood at ten o'cloct/but he was certain it was a couple hours ''slow. ' ' ' ' !Oi'« I-^risbf '*?!' ? 'ootaid ? be sure,' he said. : 'I ^Son'ilSke., this. uncertainty. And there is one thing I shall be glad- to be sure about, and !'' ,'bliatisthat midnight has passed. I don't like i; ° . 'midnight.' - - ; -«?- aj0Li - ^hy not 1 What's the, difference between hn one fhour 'and another -in a 1 place like this?' ivvArveryf great deal. ;:If I wake up at fjovtwply.e o'clock' at: home I, feel : a sort of satis faction in- putting'my head under the clothes . again, but I, don't feel the same., satisfaction at . i jueleventbr one. Of course it's very, silly to be suncrstitious, if it is superstition :? but one t r. 'Can't always easily help, being silly. If we could we shouldn't be here.' viio-;' ' i '5 What, are you afraid of, Bertie ?' ! u. srn'JVPiii not afraid. I'm no more afraid; than ';'|jypu^were that night', when we Went, to Shrimp L-.-ton's . party, and you .would -not- -walk- .home throughf the' churchyard because it was just on the stroke of twelve. I think I've got 'you ' ^ churchyard is different to a-: caye.'' ' i9?Hn»«j'JS'dt a!'bit-j wo; don't believe, iri ghosts or' . nonsense, of course ; %ut if '«re did, isn't, this t cave . a , churchyard.? How many, have perished here ? and if there are places :on:''earth haunted. . _ by_ spirits I Should .say. that this was a very likely place. And haven't you-read in lots of books about ! SeWes^and gnomes and griffins, -and all sorts of things like that,— mid huntsmen, spectres, f hfkdlesS h6rsemen^always -^ying their homes :j;j?.f!i'n places like 'this ? Of course. I .don't believe -'-^'itf '' AiVT Hay is, I wish ic 'was past twelve i! I''o,c1'oc1j.' '« iK.-l.. O I i,\ ^Hardly had. Bertie finished, speaking when ^hfe saw, brr' fancied he saw, a ray of light sud . denly. but faintly gleani through the darkness: ' 1 '' ' Did you see that, Ilay ?' P'm «( N'6;;' 1 -didn't see anything.' ? ' - -' Well vpatch,' ..;;rj i for a moment,.. and- isaw ^Etfothihgi' and heard nothing save a faint soun4 oJ J^fbr^ Vhich'.they could -accpuht. 1 It was j the l'.^L^eating pf j!heir own hearts. , ,, Soon, 'however, , OV' l ^tliere^was another faint, iilmost imperceptible, flight, but it' only seemed to make' th$ darkness more- visible. Then 'there was a strange, unedrthly, twiciei-ing sound, and they t-' 'were consbioua that' 'strange objects: \vere float- ? ing in the-' air.. The boys clung closely together. -They felt satisfied now that the hour of midnight ; had ;Come, and that some thing terrible was approaching. There was a sound in the distance that filled them with dismay. It was the plash, plash, of an oar in tho water. Was tho ; old story of Oharon in. tlio ferry-boat true, after all? Yes, it was true. The light had grown in intensity, and was spreading through . the caverns. It grew light enough to sec that tli3 objects floating in tho air were bats, and that the roof of the cavern was black with them. It rrrn.w licht finoucli for tlmm to sgo that at no great distance from them, but at a terrible depth, there' was a broad, smoothly flowing river, and that they wore on a high platform of an immense cavern with huge rocky sides. But the revelation made by tho unearthly light did not terrify them so much as the steady plash of oars in the water, and a strange sound which seemed to them like tho confused hum of voices chanting a funeral hymn. Then, I under the vast arch from whence tho light proceeded, they observed ? a curioUs-movement on the surface of the water, and directly after wards, solemnly and slowly, a boat, hung round with gleaming lanterns, floated into, tho cavern, i An old,. weird-looking man; plied an oar at the head of the -boat, and another stood at the stern, while in the middle of the boat there was a black ma9S huddled together. | : The , boys daved scarcely : breathe. Thoy grasped each other by the : hand, and it was .well they did, for it helped, them to bear the shock, when, with a flash of, light , and smoke, there resounded through the cavern the. most terrible explosion thoy had ever heard of in their liveB. It seemed as if it would tear the rocky walls to. pieces ; the echo of it boomed and roared like thunder. Then from the boat went up the cry, — ....... 'Ray! Bertie! Where are you ? ' , ' The boys started to their feet. In a moment' the truth flashed into their minds, that ' this was a search party sent for their rescue ; i and although it bad come in the most unexpected way, — for they were unaware of(tho; fact that boats were unable to navigate a portion of tho river passing through the caves, and it was the usual thing for all visitors to pass out from tlie Grotto by the huge ferry- boat,— they hailed, their deliverers with as loud a cheer as ? any two boys who had been thoroughly frightened' out of their wits could raise. -? ? »-'? Soon, the boat came . alongside the landing place ; the men and boys who had formed' the ' black mass huddled together,' that had so alarmed Ray and . Bertie, .came bounding up the causeway- where Ray' bad' 'met witli his tic ' cident, and close upon them followed the guide and his wife. , There was. a babel of tongues, such aS| for eigners in a state of excitement only can pro duce,: as the party set forward, towards! the ' ball' where the whole of the mischief j had' begun. Over rocks and stones, up hill and' down dell, in and, out, through tunnels; and. passages they went, until at last they reached; the. ' hall,' where. Ray and Bertie pointed- out the pencil marks that they had made. Five minutes from that time they came out into the open space where they had' left Mr. Cheriton. . .. . . . . :i ?. . | ; There he was, pale- and trembling with : excitement, surrounded by a group of villagers, who were explaining to him their unsuccessful search through the other end of the caverns. . . ' Mr.- Cheriton, I hope you will forgive , us for.getting into this scrape., We did not mean, to do such a thing as this ; we got lost, and we too have had to'suffer for it.' : , Indeed; we baye,' said Bertie. 'I've been frightened into almost a jelly. I'll never ' go' into another cave again as, long a? I live.'! ? 'You see,' said Mr. Cheriton, this has air'cbme about through an unfortunate habit of mine of becoming at times somewhat absents, minded, but I do not think it was right of you to. take .advantage of it.' . Tf.wncnll mxrfnnlf. n.tiRWArflrl 'Ravnrftmntlv'. I- led Ray astray You see, Mr. Cheriton, it is an unfortunate habit of mine never to lose' an opportunity for a bit of fun if I can help; it, so I took advantage of your absence of mind to 8lope;away, only just to hide round the corner.. ;, All, the rest wasjfoto and Destiny.' ' It was the Nemesis that generally follows practical joking,' answered Mr. Cheriton. -, But. this is not the time, to talk about it. ; Let us. all be deeply thankful that nothing worse has happened.' -, When the now large party reached ; the outer world,— it was then about eleven o'clock, so, that . Bertie had been wrong in his suspicion of the midnight hour ; having dawned, — there was a huge bonfire alight,, around which many of the villagers had assembled, for the news had travelled far and wide. They greeted the 1 wanderers with hearty cheers, and formed an escort to the village .inn, w,he,re a supper' was given to all comers,' and ample rewards to; the guide.and liis wife and the neighbours who had formed themselves into search parties. ( r,, Then the travellers drove back into Roche fort, where i beds had. been ordered ; ; and although it was in the . small hours- of, the morning, when they, reached that little; .town, the rattle of their , carriage through; the ; street brought' many: of the inhabitants to the. doors and windows, while many more were waiting at the hotel' to hear and carry forth the news. : Much as Mr. Cheriton had loiiged to see the Grotto of 'Han, it was with no little satisfaction that :be got into :the train for Brussels the pext day, and drove away- from a place that lie) felt sure he should .never think about again with out a creeping sense of horror. (To he Continued.) , ... . , , , , , 