Spiritualism In tlic Supreme Court, Extraordinary Evidence. The sensational tiling of the day is the celebrated law caso just heard in the Supreme Court, Brisbane. It is Professor Pepper v. W. Widdop, for tho specific per formance of an agreement to sell a piece of land on tho Enoggera road, an injunction to restrain defendant from further mining, and for futuro directions of the Court. Simple as this question of law may seem, the case, on its heariug, developed some of the most astonishing statements ever diB : closed in a court of law with regard to a ? I business belief in spiritualism. That this | I world would very soon become the pande- ' monium * par excellence' of everything ever ; heard of before, if spiritualism were a factor j I to be depended on in gold mining, or in ! 1 any other business where money and wealth were to be gaiued. It would be a royal I road to wealth, and perseverance, fidelity, I honesty, plodding induyby could be put on the loafer's mantelpiece as relics of a bar barouB and thick-headed age of 11 work and win.' We could all laugh at toil and sweat, and the spirits-could not suffer much of the melting process in merely divulging to us some of the great secrets of a solid and an easy life. How happy wo should all be 1 It would hardly then be a virtue to refuse to work the spirits of those who arc now said to bo at rest. We should reverse nature, and, when we are at first done for in this world, a true pulsatory would be opened up to us, to be made the tools of ?every vaiu and ridiculous inquirer about I how he . is to get on. Would it not be better at once to believe, as some of the ancients -did, in metemphycosis and the transmigration of souls, and get changed into working bullocks in the Spirit-land, and, once 'dead, agree to do a fair share of work for all the living loafers and cadgers left on earth? There would then bo a glorious hallelujah for spiritualists in the land the weary are supposed to be at rest. We live in a marvellous age ; we live in an ' intelligent' locale (vide St. Maur's comedy). This is the close of the nineteenth century, Queensland to wit. The body of a dead woman, 58 years of age, is opened to find a child — a new Prince of Spiritual ists — a miraculous conception ! Keep your liair on ! This dead woman was a spiri tualist medium, and, when living, prophe sied that gold would be found in this paddock of Widdop'a ! A little coterie of j five spirit realists decide to work ou shares ; they get Emanuel Swedcnborg to initial the agreement, and they dig the required depth, but — there is no gold ! One of these good souls got so excited over the treasure so near that, 'like Whang the miller's mill, ho fell down the shaft and lamed himself. Then the faith of some wero shaken : they stayed away from the shaft, and gave up digging for gold. Then came in Pepper's Ghost. It was part of Pepper's realistic agreement that when the mine was abandoned he could have the paddock for £1000. Tho Court gave Pepper tho paddock, and Brisbane is greatly exer cised over' the disclosures. The following is part of tlic extraordinary evidence given at Hhe trial, on Tuesday last. After Mr. Widdop had been examined by Mr. Real, ho was then cross-examined by Mr. Power : — . By Mr. Power : When tho agreement was made with Mr. Reinhold there was nothing said about the 'angels getting their share,' but something was said about the 'work of God getting a share,' which meant thai a share of the results of the mine were to bo devoted to that wliich was considered righteousness and gooduess in the earth ; this was to be spent, 1 presume, iu whatever way was directed by the spirits ; I do not know if the spirits were to point out where the gold was, but it might -have been so ; I was not retyiug upon their aid, but Reinhold might have boon. Mr. Power : And did not Reinhold ' ex pect the directions to be transmitted to him through his wife 1 Mr. Widdop : I can't say ; it might have come in various ways. I cannot say what he expected at that time. Mr. Power : Did he ever tell you that he expected a message to be conveyed to him through Mrs. Reinhold from the spirit world ? Mr. Widdop : No, ho did not, but I understood he expected messages and direc tions either through Mrs. ' Reinhold or through others. I presume lie did, but I had very little to do with it. . Mr. Power : Do you remember when he expected Airs. Reinhold to be delivered of a miraculous child ? Mr. Widdop : I hoard of it. I know Mrs. Reinhold, but 1 don't know what ago she was. Mr. Power : Well, she was an elderly woman, about GO, wasn't she. Mr. Widdop ; Yes. Slid was elderly, but f don't tiiink she was that ago. 1 think silo was about 40, but it was not a tiling that I bothered my head much about. Mr. Power : Well, it would have been a miraculous child. When did Mi's. Rein hold die ? ' Mr. Widdop : More tlion twelve months ago, I should think. Mr. Power : Was there a 1 post-mortem' examination held on her body with a view of finding this miraculous child ? Mr. Widdop : I have heard there was. Mr. Power : Well, 1 believe tlio child was not found. Mr. Widdop : I cxpeet not ; I should think I would have heard of it if it had been. Mr. Power : Is it not a fact that since the death of Mrs. Reinhold, aud the failure to find this miraculous child, Mr. Rein hold has tukcu very little interest in tho mine ? Mr. Widdop : No, it is not ; lie has boon going to tho mino off and on ever since, 1 believe ; I don't know that he left tlio mine for a considerable period after Mrs. . Rein hold's death ; 1 used to meet him at stances, which were usually held in Brisbane on Sunday morniugs, but sometimes on othor occasions ; he never told me he had loft off Work, nor that ho had any iutention of doing so ; Clark is a spiritualist, and I am, and 60 is Reinhold ; 1 have reason to be. Mr. Power : What js the reason ? Mr. Widdop : Evidence. The Apostle Paul says 'Wo know.' . Mr. Power: Yes, but you don't know where gold is. You havo got no direction yet us to the disposal of anything that may bo found in the mine. . Your arrangement with Reinhold was that you were to get one fifth. Mr. Widdop : Yes, and Reinhold and his wife were to ^et two-fifths, James Clark was also to get a fifth, and Louis Woolf was to get tho other fifth. Mr. Power : Mrs. Reinhold was to get hor share on behalf of the angels. Mr. Widdop : There was something of that sort. It s nearly four years ago, aud 1 cannot have it fresh in my memory. Mr. Power : Well, sho can got it now. Mr. Widdop : 1 don't know, she may. have become an 'angel. Mr. Power : Well, Woolf is dead too. What is to become of-his fifth 2 Mr. Widdop : I don't know : I don't know what heirs he may have. ' This agree ment, so far as I was concerned, referred to hcirB, executors, and administrators. Mr. Power : Did Mrs. Widdop have pos session of that agreement ? Mr. Widdop : She had possession of it and she may have it now. She rcfused-to give it to me. Mr. Power : Why docs she refuse ? Mr. Widdop : I can't tell unless sho is in league with the Philistines, and wishes mo to do an act of injustice.'* Mr. Power : Did Reinhold sign' the agreement according to which tho angels were to get a share of the proceeds ? Mr. Widdop : I don't think so. I would not like to swear it, but 1 don't think he did. 1 don't call it an agreement, but the the basis upon which an agreement was made. I can't swear that ho did not sign it as a complete agreement. Mr. Power : Do you know whether Mrs, Reinhold signed it on behalf of tho angelB ? Mr. Widdop : 1 belicvo there wasa name purporting to be that of a spirit To tho ' best of my belief the signature was 'E.S.' Mr. Power; Have you any idea .wliat these initials stand for ? j .Mr. Widdop : He professes to be Emanuel Swedenborg ; 1 think I can swear that I did not sign the agreement, but I cxpccted it to be the basis of. my agreement with Mr. Reinhold that they should mine as long as long as they liked ; 1 don't think this was mentioned in the agreement ; it was *the basis of an agreement not the details of working ; they were digging before I pur chased the land, and 1 had heard some thing to the effect that Mrs. Reiuliold had told them where to dig. Mr. Power : Didn't she get up a map of a parish or goldfield and put a pen or some fcJiing on it and say 'Dig on that spot and you'll find gold ? ' Mr. Widdop : I never knew her to do that, but I have known her to do a veiy strange thing, something siiuiliar to it. Mr. Power : What ? Did she use a pen or a divining road ? Mr. Widdop : No, neither ; she became entranced ; 1 brought a' small piece of s'ono down' from a certain claim on Gyrnpie myself, in no way telling her where it came from ; I left it with her and said, Let our friend say is there anything about this, and FII call in two or three day? to know tho result two or three days after I called again, and Bhc said, ' You know tlio stono you brought the other day ; I went into a trance, and when 1 came out a Gyrnpie map spread before me, aud the stono you brought was placed here,' placing it over the very place I brought it from, without, any knowledge from me about it, or from anyone else as far as I could see ; tlio map embraced the middle part of .the Gyrnpie goldfield. Mr. Power : Of what size was the stoue ? Mr. Widdop : About 2in, by lin.* Mr. Power : How many acres on such a map would that stone cover ? Mr. Widdop : AH I know is that it was on the claim where it was obtained,, tho Louisa prospecting claim. Mr. Power : Did you see her in the trance ? Mr. Widdop : 'No, not at that time, but I liave seen her and talked through her for perhaps two hours at a time to an intelli gence far higher than hers; I may have talked about Enoggera ; if they 1 ked to talk about it they did so. Mr. Power: You heard that Mr. Uhr, who was sent to the Enoggera by the Go vernment, said that there was no payable gold there ? Mr., Widdop : No, I did not hear it, but if be did I do not believe it. I prefer my own judgment of the formation, but I think there is nothing down deep enough yet. Mr. Power ; Have you had any commu nication with Mrs. Reinhold since her death ? Mr. Widdop : I have, but not about Enoggera ; it was not part of tho agreement that Mrs. Reinhold was to do nothing but communicate with tho angels from time to time ; there was nothing of that sort in it, and there was no conditien that 1 was to find the pecuniary assistance necessary. The evidence given by Reinlrold, one of the partners of Widdop, in crossexamina tion, was no less sensational, and is as follows : — Mr. Power : Did you expect your wife lo be delivered of a miraculous child ? Mr. Reinhold ': Id it necessary for me to answer that question ? If it is necessary, I will-answer it. His Honor : It is difficult to define whore the line is to be drawn. It is crossexami nation, and there is a great license allowed. The question may havo a bearing upon the case. Mr. Power : I think it has a bearing. ?His Honor ; Very well ; then you may put the question. Mr. Powor (to witness) : Did you expect your wife to bo delivered of a miraculous child ? Mr. Reinhold: Notliing miraculous: there are no miracles: His Honor : Tho spiritualists claim that their system is not supernatural, and that there is notliing above nature ; that it is ouly like an extension of nature as nature is generally known. Mr. Reinhold : We cxpcctcd it, but it would not have been supernatural or miraculous. His Honor : It would be what you re gard as.natural, but in a spiritual way ? Mr. Reinhold : It might bo in a spiritual way ; it might bo something we aid not understand. Mr. Powor : What age was your wife at this time ? Mr. Reinhold : Fifty-eight years. Mr. Powor : Did you expect that if this cliild had been born, it would have had supernatural powers ? Mr. Reinhold : No, I never did expect so. Mr. Power : Did you think it would bo different from other children ? Mr. Reinhold : No ; I had no reason to think so. Mr. Power : Did you not think it would bo able to assist you in your search for gold ? Mr. Reinhold : Not at all. A child could havo notliing to do with it. . Mr. Power : Why was the child not bom? (Laughter.) - Mr, Reinhold : Simply because it wasn't; I can't say. Mr. Power : But was not its birth de layed because Mrs.* Reihhold got into trances. Mr. Reinhold : That was her belief. His Honor: You are a thorough-going Spiritualist. You thoroughly believe in it. . Mr. Reinhold : I do. His Honor: Well, many higlily cultivated minds do agree with it. There are two veiy fine books written by Dale Oweu, which I havo read 'With great interest. They are most interesting as a psychological study. Mr. Power : But ho recanted, 1 believe. His Honor : No, he did not. He died in a lunatic asylum. The story, 1 under I stand, is that lie based his argument on the | revelations of Kate Fox ; when she con fessed her imposture, it overturned his ! mind. That's how the story goes. 