TAB flQgBUST, LOYER AJND LORD. By the Author op "A MAD LOVE," Ac. CHAPTER XXV. fioiti recognised her sleji-sistei- nt once ; but Cristine, whoso veil of spotted net confused her vision, nnd whoso eyos wore not trained to the dusk, naturally concluded that the londer from was that of Mrs. Vance Sinelcton. ' My dear sister,' slio cried, with out stretched hand nnd her most fascinating smile, 'I hnvo ccme, in spite of Vance's . prohibition, to make acquaintance with Vnnco's wife. I know wo shall love each other dearly.' She bent her fair head with the words, prepared to imprint the kiss that is the absolutely necessary seal of friendships feminine. Nora drew aside instinctively ; the one clear line of light foil straight across the fair proud face, dolining it with startling effect against tlio blackness of the surround ing shadows. Criatine grew absolutely livid ; aery rose to her lips, but' it found no utterance. atantancous wns the paralysing terror that seemed turning her to stone. 'Nora,' she cried at last, in a hoarse broken voice — ' Norn — or — or ' She paused, troinbling from head to foot, oppressed with the horror of a supernatural prespnee ; then, ail Norn neither moved nor spoke, she foil suddenly upon her knees, upraising both hands, with an exceeding bitter cry — ' Forgive me, Nora, cruel as I was !' 'Hush I1 Nora said, with a grave sweet ness tlint seemed half angelic to the conscience-stricken womun nnd the listening man. ' It iB for mo to fear you now, Ci'istinu j I nm not dead, and you can give me up to justice with a word.' CHAPTER XXVI. Lauv Olivia Blake sat in the tiny luxuriously-furnished nest she called her own snuggery, awaiting with some im patience the urrival of an expected guest. It wns barely twilight — a rosy glow still lingered in the western sky ; but her lady ship's curtains were all drawn, and, the light of a dozen wax-candles not being con sidered enough to illuminute the small room, a huge moderator lamp upon u centre- table diffused a bright radiance around. Light was a craze with Ladv Olivia ; the sun could novel' blazo too fully into every ' corner of her houso j and, when the sun re tired, she could not supply his place with too mnny lights. Naturally her elder ' feminine friends wondered among them selves that ' dear Olivia, with whom com plexion was never a strong point,' and who, since her disappointment, had grown quite \- too dreadfully pinched and thin and sallow, cliould care to throw such u strong reveal ing light upon her fading charms ; and one especially intimate indivtduul, who felt, that such nn absurd illumination wns a wrong to lier elaborate ' make up,' ventured to re monstrate with her on the subject. ' I Iovo the dark because my deeds are evil perhaps,' she said, with a deprecating smile ; ' but, though your conscience may be clear, my dear Olivia, you should have some mercy on your visitors' complexion.' ' The sun that comes here will not scorch them,' was tlio short and barely courteous answer. ' Scorch them 1 No; but' — with a little . shoulder-shrug and prettily affected laugh — 'though you disdain them, there arc secrets of the toilette, you know.' Lady Olivia regarded her friend, a fair faded woman of about her own age, but dressed in ultra-girlish fashion, with a sort of civil sneer upon her thin scarlet lips, hat a savngo and apparently uncalled-for anger in her great dark eyes. ' Such secrets will not hang you, even if they nre found out,' shu said, so brusquidy that tlio offended lady rose lo take her departure. ' I am surry to annoy you, Harriet ; .but I cannot live in total dark ness, oven in deference to ' inugc' and _ : " bianco de perle." Naturally the indignant lady did not re peat lier warning or her visit. Naturally also the story of ' Lady Olivia's odd rude ness, and very unpleasant whim' spread about, nnd other Indies, whose complexions were not impeccable, or who had a nervous ilmul of eccentricity, ceased to call at the little house in Mnyfair, which bad been so pleasant a rendezvous ill other days. Little by little old friends full off and old ncquniiit- dropped away. It seemed as though a curse had fallen on the hnndsomc Spanish- looking woman with the dark passionate face and haunting eyes — who, seen in every crowd, was always seen alone. . And, next, to being in darkness, to be ' a'.uno was the thing that Lady Olivia lilaku most hated in this world. Slio was a proud woman, nnd had hitherto been a markedly exclusive one, closing her doors rigidly to those who were not of her own social stand- 'ing, however meritorious, or fascinating, or popular they might lie. But now, in lier pitiful yearning for human companionship, i ysliC; seemed to lose nil pride nnd all exclu- ' siveness, to throw her doors widely open to all who would enter within thein. But even this sudden relaxation did not. .satisfy her craving desire to escape from herself, her eagerness for society nt any price. Pushing parvcuues, who were nt first "'fluttered by the warmth of Lady Olivia's- voicomo, and rather disposed to plume themselves on the acquisition of so '/distinguished a friend, were not slow to 1 "Sisc'ovor that there was but a small amount of honour and glory to be got by mixing in thoiniotloy mob that the' eccentric ladv .'.-gathered round her. And, when they discovered - also that for this more than "doubtful privilege tlioy were required to to pay, the price of absolute submission to ill the caprices of a passionate ungoverned nature .and a despotic will, they too found tho gauiel .not .worth the candle, and Tell -.avyay. n So It. enme to pass that, just at the time of G'ristiiio Singleton's return to England, LadyOJivia had. taken to haunt ing theatres, o, inserts/, -exhibitions — whatsoever places were ' crowded - and woil lit. That warii.all . that, mattered to lior apparently . Sh never cured whether tho entorlniiiinuut offered ' hut- were good or bad. Tho great haggard eyes, with their unchanging look of mingled scorn mid pain, seldom rested on or picture, and never wit h the least pretence of interest. Baron Bcnjudn, who, in his two years' absunee from London society, had fallen it little behind the gossip of the times, had hastened at sight of her to renew an intimacy that had hitherto been of the slightest character. A bow nnd u few civilly-spoken words were us much us lie ex pected the proud ludy to accord him j but, to liis amazement, he received tho welcome of un old and much- prized friend. Liuly Olivia seemed us though she could not bear to part with him ; and, when at last lie tore himself awuy from the flatter ing eugerncss of her questions as to liis lifo nbrond and tho probability of liis again leaving Etigliind for so long n period, lie found himself pledged to visit her next day. Ho wus too shrewd a man not to surmise some reason for this sudden and sturtling change of miinnei — too much it man not to bu subtilely flattered by it, suspicious though it was. ' Can she want to borrow money ?' ho speculated amusedly, us lie sauntered back to Cristine ; but lie soun dismissed tliut idea as improbable. He knew all about Lady Olivia Blake, as lie Knew an uuoui, moss pcopiu ricr jointure was small, but she lived well with in lier income, nnd wonld bu the lust person in lliu world to sacrifice lier savage pride for pecuniary help. ' Well, she is a mystery ; but what woman is not P' ho decided, dismissing the subject with a well-pleased shrug of his expansive shoulders. 'She 1ms fallen off awfully in her looks. Novel- saw a woman so changed ill my life ! The .Spanish blood tells wliun you get into the thirties, I suppose ; and of cimrsu she felt JJc Grettons's dcutli. Still, in everything but beauty, she is greatly im proved. I shall certainly cultivate her for — for tiio sake of Cristine.' And cultivate her lie did, though much at first against Cristine's will. He was a little startled certainly when lie lourtied that his fuir betrothed wns the step-sister of that nnliappy Lady de Grotton whose tragic story he knew but in imperfect out line ; but, when lie fonml that Lady Olivia made no objections on that score, but rather cnnglit eagerly at the proffered intimacy, liu laughed Cristine's scruples resolutely nwuy. ' it will he n capital thing for you, Cris ; the very fact of her being IJe Glutton's cousin makes tlic friendship most dosirable. Of course the wretched girl was really no relntion of yours, and you were in 110 way mixed up in her affairs. Why, Cris, what a ghost you look !' ' I cannot hear to — to talk of that time !' faltered Cristine. ' Then you shall not talk of it,' Mil- Buron said, pinching thu pale cheek till the colour name. ' Talk of your wedding-dress, or Lady Olivia Bluke !' So the two women drifted together ngniii, u zd Lady Olivia. Blake — who, in the old days, had been bnrcly conscious of Miss Singleton's existence — now took the oddest fancy to Iter, and seemed liurdly happy when out of her sight. Even the Baron, who at first watched the growing friendship with much complacency, grew at last a little jealous of the frequency with winch she claimed Cristine. 'It is all very well in its way,' lie grumbed ; 4 but I never get you to myself for no hour now. Lady Olivia is here, or you liro at Lady Olivia's. Honestly, Cristine, do you not get a little tired of her ladyship, handsome and agreeable as she is !' 'Not tired,' the girl said, with a little shudder, ' but — but, Israel, at times — 1 am afraid.' ' Afraid I' Benjiiila turned lier round, laying a weighty liand on oil lier shoulder, and looking amusedly into the strangely I molded face. ' Why, you nervous giHi.se, what harm do you think she will do yuu !' ' 1 tnink lit times — she is mad,' Cristine said slowly. ' By George, 1 should not. wonder I' 'J'lie Huron released his captive, and nodded two (a- three times, us confirmatory circum stances rushed into liis mind. ' Tlmt is the key to the riddle, is it. f-" He stood t bought fully considering the mutt ei- for u few minutes, then turned with startled fondness to Cristine. 1 My darling,' he said, throwing nnu arm round tlio slender waist ami drawing tile fair liohd down upon bis shoulder, ' I linvu been wrong lo let you run so great a risk; you shall not stay in Green .Street again.' Tlu-i-o was l-eul emotion in Hie full voice, real tenderness in the dark heavy-lidded eyes. After all, it is not. laeessary to be young, handsome or aristoeralle to feel genuinely, and even nobly ; and the fat eldoi-ly Huron was us deeply stirred by tlio thought of peril to liis betrothed as I lie most romantic of lovers could have been. Tlml Cristine wus touched by bis unfeigned eolit'erii wus evident. Slio bad won marli admiration, but hitherto little love bail fallen to her lot ; and shu found, much to lier own surprise, tlmt she wns beginning to attach an odd value to it. She bud not yet reached the point of returning it — the small anion ut of bonust affection that she laid to bestow she liiul given unasked to Arthur lleuupre, and that, love, flung buck upon itself, Intel turned to gull und poisoned lier whole nature ; but slio had grow n to feel that, if Bunjudn's trust in her were withdrawn and lier fii'lratinil broken, she would lose mora, far more than the rank and wealth tlmt Imd been liis sole attractions when the first sought to win him. And yot she, the cold, selfish Cristine, who Imd never yet put man's or woman's interest before her own, was willing lo risk all this, a safe slieltor, a happy future, all tlmt Beujuda could offer her, and tlint when she prized it most, rathor than l-olingiiisli a quixotic scheme of expiation that in ull probability would benefit no one. Bat a wonderful change hud tuken place in Cristine .Singleton within the last few days, a change that puzzled Benjiulii, and left him wondering wlictliur lie should rejoice or grieve over thu tiimsfm-nintioii that bad been wrought. Certainly he had first been attracted by the frozen culm of Miss Singleton's manner, the singular louk of chill parity tlmt hud marked her out among nil over-dressed and mei- ulrieioits crowd ; but lie could not say that she was ess lovely, though she wns certainly more 'ovnble, in this strange sudden thaw. It is one thing to admire the marble calm of a statue, but nnotlicr thing to lose your heart to it, and, in the latter ease, eminently satisfactory, though rather startling, to find it can glow with gratitude unit melt with love. In tlio first dnwn of this surprise the Baron wns astonished to lind how the intense admiration lie had always felt for Cristine's beauty wus changing to warm protecting tenderness for herself. It was iliiB later feeling tliut tlu-illed in liis voice its ho repented, half defiantly, tlmt. they had lind enough of Lady Olivia, and lie would never trust his treasure in her grasp again. But Cristine disengaged herself gently from liis embrace, and, though there was an unwontcdly grateful look in the crystal- clear blue oyes, tliey shone too with a very resolute light as she shook lier blond bead and said, with a pretty careless smile — 'I must pick my words indeed if you uttueli to tliem such deep and awful mean ing. Lndy Olivia limy be a lit tle ' cracked' on one or two points — candidly speaking, 1 think she is; but on most, she is as sane as her neighbours, and, ils for harming me — well,' she added, with a inugh that had, the i, ,, i . r.. i xmi-ou iiiougui, a very liunviuu. j '"H » ' Vance wonld tell yon that 'naught is never in diuiger.' Since lie hits taken to himself a wife, you know, J am nothing in his sight.' ' But everything in mine,' suid Bcnjudn ; ' mid I forbid you to ran risks.' 'My dear Israel, there are no risks to l mi. Why should we offend Lady Olivia and mnke oui-selres absurd for a fancy quite as ridiculous us those that cause as to suspect her sanity ? I mil not afraid of lamps or sunshine, and (hose are the only weapons with which she wars upon lier friends.' The Baron was silenced, but not con vinced ; and, while lie sought unfortunately for reasons, Cristine went -jii easily — '1 am the more vexed to have put this fancy in your head just now because I have promised to spend Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in Green .Street.' Benjmla turned with an uneasy frown. ' Quite promised, Cristine!' ' Irrevocably ; se it is useless to discuss the matter.' 'The Baron paced the room in much per- plcxisly, liis bands thrust di-cply iulu liis pockets, bis b|nek bend bent down, ami bis iilaek brows brought together. Suddenly he paused beside Cristine's cimir. ' Well, 1 do not suppose it cull be helped now,' lie suiil, with extreme reluctance. ' You mast keep your promise, though I wish it had never been made. Hilt, mind, no more promises, Cristine. We will call in Green Street as often as bee ladyship likes together, but this must be the last long visit that yon pay.' '1 mean it to be,' Cristine said quietly ; ' thank you, denr, for not thwarting liiti'in this.' CHAPTER XXVI I. 'At last!' Lady Olivia said, coining forward with a long-drawn breath of relief to welcome lier visitor. 'J really thought. you were never coming, ( i-istinc. Cristine seemed slightly uneasy, as though the warmth of the greeting oppressed her; she even shrank from Luily Olivia's touch, and rather endured lier kiss than returned it. At least, if it were net so actually, Lady Olivia fancied all these things; and the fancy was strong enough to banish a smile from lier lips anil being a dangerous glitter to tile sombre eyes. ' Even she,' she miitlered below lier brent li, as she turned lice bark abruptly on lier guest — ' even she dares to shrink from mc I' ' I lirg your pardon.' Cristine looked up with puzzled eyes, aware of ilie harsh lmillered sound, but unable lo distinguish mi v words. ' 1 think nm spoke, Ludy Olivia r' ' I did, but not lo yea.' was the swift fierce, answer, but, in speaking it, even Lady Olivia became aware tlmt she was passing the limits of her usual eccentricity, and treating lu-r jrm-si in an allogetlier uiipcriiiissihln fashion. She clcm-cd her brows, and, fia-.ing a smile wit li obvious effort, seated herself oa the lounge by Oeisline's side. ' l'm-give me, deal-,' she said, ill her most winning tones — nnd Ludy Olivia eoald be very winning wln-ii she chose — 'I am ' ereenh-ie' and ' peculiar' — 1 all the world will tell yon tlmt, if you have not lnado the discovery yourself ;' and one of my eccentric peculiarities is this habit of soliloquy. I am sure you knutv that I did not mcau to offend you.' Of course, so urged, Cristine could but protust tlmt she Imd not dreamed of offence, I and had enticed 110 peculiarity ; but, even while she stammered through the polite untruth, her heart throbbed with a quick ness tlmt made lier faint mid giddy, uml she was conscious that she shrank witli a vague sickening horror from the touch of bur handsome high-brad companion. The mist cleared from her eyes, thudizzi- ' ncss passed away after a few minutes, a few | seconds pel-Imps. Shu remembered the tusk she had set herself, the wurk slio had to do — and, for good or evil, Cristine's nature was enduring and strong. She answered Ludy Olivia's careless questions about lu-r mother mid the Heron in the same easy and indifferent tone ; but never ' once did the clear blue eyes relax their' watch on the dark passionate face. It wus strangely altered sinco Cristine had first j seen it ill the (lays preceding Nora's wedding, though it lind been a face that told a story even then. But then — despite tlio weur and tear of yenr/i and the fierce strife of passion — it had been a typo of brilliant .Southern beauty ; now tho tints had failed to gray ghastly pallor, tho line lino of the chock was absolutely llcsliless, the black hair was thickly streaked vritli gray, nothing was left of tlio oneo regal beauty save tlio slender npriglil figure uml the great, sombre eyes through which there looked forth the piteous, desolate misery uf a lost soul, (to ue continued.) A vocal tcaclicr contends that it is difficult for a woman to sing pure soprano who lias a false sot of teeth. Wo presume ' it is easy fur lior to sing falsetto. .1 