The ' TFine That Conquer'e Care. Nay, frown not, fairest I Chide no more, Nor blame the blnehing wine ; lie fiery lips are innoaent When ihrille the poise with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, Bat veil thy glances bright. Lest wine and bounty mingling here, Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest, to tha anoient vine, In soalptared beaaty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and qnaff Tho wine that conquers core ; And breathe npon the glowing sup, Till thss its perfumes he Sweet as tha scant of the orange groves Upon some tropis sea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyro, Sing to me love, some rare old eong That gushed from heart of fire- Song sneh as Grecian phalanx hymned, Whon freedom's field waa won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing til the shonta of armed men Ring bravely ont once more I Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit chore I Bid from their melancholy graves The bnried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops bom my heart. Sing the deep memories ot the past I My seal shall follow thee — Its boundless depths aro echoing Thy glorioos minstrelsy ; And as the sweet vibrations hans Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy whito arms round me, love, The wine that conqnera caro ; A Great Traffic in Fowls-— Speaking of tho immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says : Tho fowls arrived from Italy in railway vane ol tho ordinary size, bnt specially eonetruoted for this traffic. The sides aro of isttios-wark, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On eaoh tier there pre twelve cages, and eaoh oogo ia aatcnlatod to aontain thirty birds. In this way tho prodigious number of throo thousand, two handled and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages ore provided with tins for wator on ono side and for earn on tho other, and thero ie a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can bo at ones removed. The birds aro eaid not to s offer at oil to deteriorate on -their jonrnoy, though they come bom Milan or oven bom Vonioo, and in many oases aro sent through direet ns far as the Spanish bontier. We often thank Heaven that we a,e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doabt as a ride wo do so with justice), bat if tha- Irish poaltry consigned to tho markets of London or Glasgow aonld sea the arrangements that ore made for tho accomodation of their Italian brethren, they .wonld eoredy pray to hfl flfllSvAtfll) frnm ihn Aaralnaa IriridtiaaWa- ness ol the English, and handed over to the calculating mereies of tho Italian. BeggaraSupported by Gamblers.— Per- hapa she gamblers are tbo best support 'of beggars. If yon know where a poker game or a faro bank is looated — of course you don't ; you nover saw anything of that land, and I know - i will ba quite a surprise to yon to learn that thoy exist, if, indeed, yon know what they ore — you'll always find beggars and loafers aronnd. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by withont giving Jiim a email eontribntion. It would be bad luck. Perhaps there's a trifle of oonsoienee about it, and they have, alter all, a Benee.of eamo power above them to bo ap peased by their helping tho needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known aotors imbued with the same sentimont. I only know one dramatist who owned tho superstition. He had a play com- ing out, and the night it was to be produoed, just before the ourtain went up, a beggar taokled him. Ho gave him a penny. " There," Baid he, " that's good lnob. My play will be a go." It was a terrifio failnre. " I wish I'd given him a florin 1 " ho said. The superstition woo all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease tho goddess Fortune. His Costumes.— Itiohard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in mediicval aoBtnmes suoh as ho alwayB wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquorade. " You are all dressed up to play 'Gesslor,' eh?" said DumaB, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelinge of tho author of " TannhauBer," who nevertheless returned M. Dnmao' vieit when nejet he went to PariB. After same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed ia a magaifiacnt drcosing-gown with largo flower pattern, a holmot with flying plnmes, a life-belt roand his waist, and enormous riding boots. " Pardon mo," said he majostiaally, " for appearing in my working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Hall ot my idoas live in this heimst, and tho other hall aro lodged in my boots, whioh are indisponBablo to me when I write my love Bocnea." Moral Courage — There is a bravo man in Kentucky. Tno State ie noted for the bravery ol her boos .and tho beauty of her danghtora j but tho man wo speak of has a kind of courage which is raro ovorywbero and at all times. His nnmo is John 8. Rhoa. On tho stump reoontly, Mr. Ilhoa descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a ohaUongo to mortal combat. Ilhoa do- olinod to fight for lour reasons: I. Ho did not beliovo in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There wae some one dependent upon him to whom he owed prpteation. 4. His aooeptanco of a ohaUongo wonld cxelnda him bom the practice 'ot hia profeseion in Ken tucky. ' Those are arguments whioh hie op- ponontB will find it didlonit io ankwer. At the samo time, spoakers who do not believe in dttolling are praotiaally bound to treat their opponents with tha moBt scrupulous personal XCBpCOt. \- A foeble but facetious applioant tor em. .ploymont in Hrisbano called upon tho alder man bom his ward, tho othor day, and press ing his alaimo to -consideration upon tho ground of Borvico rondered upon - olootion, urged the nldorman to seouro nim - a plaoo. " Why, my dear fellow, you aro too oiok to work. I would gladly -do anything I could for you, bat it ia oat of tho question ; there is no ona of tho departments that wonld fit youroass." " Isn't thoro? What's tho matter with the Health Department ? " Female students are numerous in Paris (most of them Russians), and generally poor, eo they club (ogethcr and pnt their resources into o aommon fund. Ono room is used as a dormitory;1 another as a Btudy, cto., and a single nook (loos tm «" 