LADIES' COLUMN. ENGLISH FASHIONS. i>owns nave gradually been growing ugnser, cooler, and more diaphanous througbout this hot and dusty season, and at Goodwood the culmination of airy lightness has been reached. The softest of Eastern silke, the most web like of laces, and the finest and freshest of foulards have been requisitioned to counter act, in some degree, the torrid heat of the eon. A whole dreBa of paleet pink China silk has been remarked upon as one of the coolest looking *to be seen. Not a touch of deeper oolourwas permitted to weaken the impres sion, and the diminutive bonnet that accom panied it was composed of a little of the silk, a little tulle to matoh, and a branch of bigu arreau cherries hardly yet warmed by the san to ripenesB. _ A much-admired toilet was made of wide stripes of moire ribbon alternat ing with Valenoiennes lace of similar width. Under the lace and ribbon was an underskirt of pale pink silk or satin, which threw a faint sunset glow through the meshes of the lace. The bonnet was of white tulle drawn over pink, and the trimming consisted of a lovely spray of wild roses. Among the endless surah dresseB, one was especially remarkable for its lightneBB of effect, owing to the manner in which the pale-blue Burab was interrupted, at every third inch or so, by an open work insertion of cream-coloured lace. The hat had much the same open effect, being com posed of openwork Tuscan straw, and trimmed with lace like that on the dress, with a fold or two of pale-blue gauze ribbons. Among the coolest-looking of the dresses were the alpacas, nearly every one of whioh was pro bably made in Paris. English milliners do not like alpaca, having the idea that it is an ineffective material. In a sense it is so; but a Frenchwoman can usually give it some style by the way in which she wears it. For young girls it ia extremely suitable, looking simple, and lending itself readily to the em bellishment of slender outlines. Bat it is chief!j; large, stoat, and elderly women who affect it, and their affeotion has brought some discredit upon it, Icondemning it as dowdy. A pale primrose alpaca looked quite oharming on the lawn, and held its own among the cool- looking gowns. A Bhadyhat of Tuscan straw, the crim'of whioh drooped over the eyes, thenoe slanting upwards and disappear ing completely at the back, was ita fitting accompaniment. A white alpaca, too, was sufficiently successful until seen in proximity with one of surah or French ailk in the same tint, when the alpaca white immediately became dead of hue by the contrast. The great majority of the dresses were white, except on cloudy days, but large numbers have been in palish toneB of green, maize, blue, and pink. One in China silk of the very softest shade of eau-de-Nil had no relief, nor needed any, beyond a group of darbeBt red roses in the hat and a smaller one on the dress itself. A poetio-looking girl, all olad in creamy white, wore a Tuscan straw hat, which might have dropped out of one of the Books of Beauty which were so fashionable at the beginning of our Queen's reign. The brim was fastened high at the back with a knot of deep pansy-coloured velvet, and the rest of the trimming was composed of long sprays of wisteria copied to the life. Dark eyes look all the darker under the mysterious little shadow cast by a hat-brim. They did in this oase. Every now and then the eye was afflicted by the in trusion of a jarring stripe of rhubarb and mustard displayed lu a sunshade. A gown of a peculiarly irritating shade of blue was also aggressive among the pale, cool tints that so largely prevailed. A red areas, peppered over with something that looked liKe tne pale ghostB of unshriven shrimps, was hot-looking enough without the red bonnet that acoompanied it. 8ome of the checks were eool in effect, particularly one in large squares of pale-blue and white, with Bnnshade to match. A tan-ooloured batiste, striped with whits in wide lines, was one of the successes when seen apart .from the pink-clad lady who walked about with it for the most part When frienda agree to pass the day together at raceB or elsewhere it would be well if they could arrange that their toilets should not kill each other. Tan colour and pink are excruciating when seen together. A trio of ladiea were promptly christened " the rainbow" by reason of their three dresses in pink, in blue, and in helio trope. But it waB libelling the rainbow to compare to it anything bo violently Inhar monious. Dust-cloaks were in full force, as nsual, and this year has seen a great development in this garment. It has been suoh a dusty season that, naturally enough, the dust-cloak has received a larger share of attention than in previous years, when cold winds and rainy days have laid it by on its own particular peg in the wardrobe. One of the most ornamental of these useful articles seen at Goodwood was made of Bilk serge in a pale tone of sea green. It covered a white lace dresB trimmed with knots of sea-green ribbon. Another consisted of the finest white muslin trimmed with Mechlin lace. It had rather the air of a tea-grown, but that was no particular dis advantage, since it performed to perfection the proper functions of a dust-cloak, ^pro tecting the white lace and surah gown beneath it, and yet adding but a few ounces to the weight of the whole attire. A pretty "duster," as our Amerioan couBinB call it, was made of printed foulard with a design of the sort known in millinerB' parlance as Pompador, and consisting of small red and bine flowrets soattered over the straw-colopred surface. Poppy-coloured ribbons tied it at the neok and em bellished the Watteau pleat, in which much fulness was gathered at the back. Another, in brown surah striped with lineB of beige, was made in the new shawl pattern, bnt this sort of dostcloak looks better on a motion less stand in the shop than on the figure. Arms were'not taken into calculation by the devisers. To make the shawl-cloak look well it ought to be tightly strapped to the side, otherwise the folds beoome disarranged, and the whole design obscured. Adust-cloak in the lightest shade of grey surah looked well over a dress of grey surah a tone or two deeper, with panelB of white French silk in troduced upon the skirt. A beautiful dress was in white moire striped with lace, the whole of the front being in lace only, tied with bows of white moire ribbon. Another dress, very similar in style, and all white, was tied with long ribbons of pale sea-green moir£. A black lace dress, made over an underskirt of pleated white silk muslin, opened over a long panel of white moirl, whioh was also airanged in folds run ning from the neok to the feet, being held m slightly at the waist by a flow oi ribbons, white, grey, black, and pale pink. A black moire dress fell in long, square panels over a skirt of white em broidered silk muslin. Quite novel was the effect of a oream-oolonred serge dress with loose fronts opening upon a plastron of prim rose moire. The fronts were lined with primrose moire, and were turned back at the corners to show the lining, being held by Irattons of beautiful old enamel, in wfeteh a number of bright colours were introduced in the very smallest portions, producing an effect of snbdned richness which contrasted veil with the cool simplioity of white and primrose. On cloudy days tailor-made dresseB ap peared in Boores, and a foretaste of the Cowes week was to be seen in the cream-oolonred flannel and navy blue of many a nautical looking costume. Brown was a favourite colour on dull days, being relieved with touches of oopper, bronze, pale yellow, or cream-colonr. An anasual-looking dress in silk of this colour opened over a front of white moire, and the loose brown coat that was car ried over the arm was lined with white moire. A very becoming brown hat was worn with this evidently Parte dress. White wings and loops of brown ribbon were the only trim ming. The shoes might well have been more appropriate than they were. Thin kid is but small protection from damp grass, and some hundreds of steel beads thickly en cruBted upon the toes do not add muoh to the efficacy ot the shoe as a ooverine. Strapped shoes have been in some demand, as admit ting glimjpBes of the stockings to be visible through the bars of kid. As these stockings had been carefully matched to the costume, it wonld have been sheer waste to hide them completely, and as custom doeB not favour Miss Kilmansegg's method of display, barred shoes have a distinct value. The fashion of wearing ttan shoes iB gradually gaining ground. One of onr leading lights in the world which "dresses" has given it her sanction by appearing in a pair on the lawn at Goodwood, They are muoh more artistic than black shoes, except with a black dress, but the black make the feet look smaller. A curious variety in the matter of headgear has been observable at Goodwood, some bonnets being extremely high, others moderately so, and a small contingent excessively small, ap peaing to consist only of a few. sprays [of flowers. -Daily News, 