TWINKLINGS. The Minister for Public Instruction asserts that if ho looked like a ghost the night of the shindy, then the spectral community most be a rosy crowd- So they are white" rosy." The tiger At the Zoo is sick. And is ordered to the mountains for change of air. Let M'Elhone take his place, he must be more ferocious than any tiger, judging from the effect produced on the "Old Shekari the other night. The wool washer who was drowned in the Yirra was thrown in by a drunken mate for a joke. The whisky drowned him, not the water. A muliare in aid of that distressed patriot, Sir Henry Partes, was given at ller Majesty's Theatre on Saturday. Some people delight in being trampled on— in themselves down for it. The Art critic (save the mark!) on a dead and alive, milk and water, trcacL and tartaric acid Sydney weekly, falls fool of the Australian Stab, in a late lane of his rag. He talks of " the per nicious and exploded doctrines of Protec tion." Like all "Cockneys," he thinks the sun rises and sets in England, and is wholly unaware that the policy of nearly very great nation of the world is Protec tive. Exploded doctrines! Unbounded ignorance, and pachyderm atom imperti nence. A publican has been found drowned with four giagerbeer bottles in his pocxeta. ft is supposed that some temperance advo cate tempted him from the paths of beer And burliness, and that, stricken with re morse. he drowned himself with the evi dences of his guilt. From the fact that most of tha Anarchi cal leaders in America are Germans, the Inference nay be deduced that when their attention Is turned to their native land, there will be trouble. They are sold to await the deaths of Bismarck «"»> the Emperor Wtlhehn. The Art Exhibition was open, free, to the public on Sunday afternoon. What is the matter ? Perkins, the sculler, has been scared by a shark. Incite, the story teller, has been scared by M'Elhone. The Attorney- General will now leave Mac' alone. The barmen at the Crown and Anchor have liveries without pockets. We ought to call for tenders for a similar rig-oat for oar legislators. A couple of school teachers have been drowned in Victoria. Gone for the long vacation. Mora literary curiosities.— A young InanliniMchoo; miss has translated " The Panama Canal "—Is Canal PJre-na-nvlrr. 