Local and General News. POLICE COURT.—Friday, July 1. (Before the P.M.) Obscene Language. Police v. George Morson.—Charged with using obscene language. Defendant! pleaded not guilty. Charles Ramsay deposed that he was an auctioneer, residing in Armidale, and was present at a sale at the Commercial Hotel on the 29th ult. Witness attended as book-keeper for Mr. Charles Wilson, who was selling goods at the hotel. There j were both men and women at the sale, i Heard the defendant (Morson) make use ; of very obscene language. (Language i here described by witness as contained in the information.) Defendant used the language complained of more than once, and he appeared very excited, and witness should think he was drunk. Did not hear the exact words used which appear in the information. Cross-examined by defendant: This occurred in the afternoon about 4 p.m. The constables were at the hotel, but not in the room where the language was used. Mr. Herbert Bradley was there at the time. Spoke to Constables Swan and Elliott in the passage. The constables were standing near at the time, but may have been deaf. By the P.M.: The remarks made by defendant were loud enough to be heard, and ladies present asked the witness to try and get them out of the room after the language was used. Constable Swan, when appealed to, told witness to mind his own business, and Constable Elliott said that when the police heard the lan guage complained of they would act. C-ornelius Fitzgerald, tobacconist, de posed that he was at the auction sale on June 29th, and saw the defendant there. Defendant made use of profane language (language repeated), but not the obscene language complained of in the information. By the Bench : Was about three yards from the defendant when the expression witness heard was uttered. Defendant spoke in a low tone, and sometimes in an excited voice. By defendant: Did not hear the words contained in the information. Thought there would be a row, and. went out on the verandah part of the time. Patrick Wade, landlord of Tattersall's Hotel, deposed that he was at an auction sale at the Commercial Hotel on the 29th ult., and saw the defendant, who appeared to be a little excited. Could not exactly say whether the accused made use of ob scene language. Could only swear to one word used, viz., "I'm ." Did not hear the obscene expressions complained of. Was at the sale from 2 till nearly 5 p.m. Anything defendant might have said could hardly be heard for the noise of people laughing and talking. This was the case for the prosecution, which was conducted by Sen. Sergeant Rafferty. For the defence, Constable Swan was called by the defendant. Constable Swan deposed that he was a police ° constable stationed in Armidale, and was at the Commercial Hotel on the 29th ultimo, when an argument was tak ing place about furniture, between Mrl Wilson and the defendant. Did not hear the defendant make nse of the obsceiie language complained of in the informa tion. . Was there nearly all .the time, and must have heard the words complained of, if uttered. By Sen. Sergeant Rafferty: Was prer sent , while the argument was going on, and was there all the time, not two yards .away from the defendant. Did not recol lect seeing Mr. .Wade. Would swear the defendant, did not make use of any ob scene language in the hearing of witness. By the Bench: Was'at the hotel on duty. Constable Elliott deposed that he was also present at the Commercial Hotel on June 29th, and heard an argument be tween Mr. Wilson and the defendant. Heard the defendant make use of no ob scene language. Must have heard the de fendant make use. of the language com plained of, unless he spoke in a very low tone of voice. By Sen. Sergeant Rafferty: Would swear there was no obscene language fjjsed while witness was present. Could hear the conversation going on in the auction room. By the Bench : Was only one yard and a half away from the auction room, the doors of which were open. Remained till the argument ceased, and left about 4 o'clock p.m. Herbert Dallison Bradley, an auctioneer residing in Armidale, deposed that he was at the Commercial Hotel on the 29th nit., acting as booking clerk to the defendant. There was a good deal of excitement and several arguments. Had to remain in the room while the sale was taking place, in order to keep a correct account. Heard defendant make use of no obscene lan guage. Must have heard the words com plained of, if used, as" witness was close to the defendant nearly all the time, and would swear -defendant did not make use of the expressions complained of. By the Bench": About 4 o'clock was in the best parlour, and defendant was in and out of the auction room and dining room. John Harper, landlord of the Com mercial Hotel, deposed that he was pre sent at the sale on the 29th ult., and heard an argument between Mr. Wilson and the defendant. Heard no such words used by the defendant as those complained of. There was a table inter vening between witness and defendant. By Sen. Sergeant Bafferty: Was in and out of the room, and heard, none of the expressions stated to have been used. If the defendant used them at all, he must have whispered them. By the Bench: Heard the defendant say, only to Mr. Wilson, " By the Holy Ghost, you won't go on with this sale." Heard also the word used. Defendant here stated to the Bench that he would swear he did not make use of the words complained of. He was very excited because Mr. Wilson would not stop selling, although he (the defend ant) was prepared to pay off the bill of sale. The P.M. here asked why Mr. Wilson himself was not present. Sen. -Sergeant ^Bafferty said that Mr. Wilson had been summoned by the de fendant. Mr. Wilson, being in Court, was re quested to give evidence, and, stepping into the witness box, deposed that he was an auctioneer residing in Armidale. He had been summoned by the defendant to give evidence. Was selling at the Commercial Hotel on the 29th ult. De fendant was present, and was rather vio lent in his language to witness, but he UBed no obscene expressions. Heard the word d only. Defendant was ob structing witness while selling. The de fendant might have used th| word , but not the obscene expressions com plained of. \ (Mr. Allingham here joined the Bench.) By the defendant: If you used the words complained of when you were in terrupting me, I must have heard them. The Bench stated that the expressions complained of. as used by the defendant were not altogether proved, but part of the expressions were evidently used, and the defendant was fined £2, and 4s. lOd. costs, or six weeks in gaol. There would now, probably, be another charge against defendant of using profane language. Fine paid. Wages Case. Louis Mabel v. August Mies.—Claim for £1 9s., wages due. Verdict for plain tiff, £1 10s. 7d., in default, warrant of distress. —— 