Notes of the Month. rjlHE Bishop haB been kept very busy ever since his arrival. -*? On the Sunday after his installation (17 th April) he preached in the morning at St. James' Cathedral, and in the evening at Christ Church, St. Kilda. On the next day he went up to ±5al krat, attended tho opening of the Qhui'di Assembly o£ that diocese, and spoke at a meeting in connection with the Cathedral i Fund. On the Friday following he preached at Caulfield on the I occasion of the anniversary of the opening of St. Mary's Church. | On Sunday, 24th April, he preached at Holy Trinity, Kew, in 1 the morning, and in the evening at St. Michael's, North Carlton. I On the next day he preached at St. Andrew's, Brighton. On i Wednesdy, the 27th, he presided at a meeting of the Cathedral 1 Erection Board, and also at a meeting of the Council of the | Diocese. Wherever it was known that he was going to preach I people flocked from all parts of the town and suburbs, filling! the | building to overflowing, and making it difficult sometimes for the 1 regular attendants to find sitting room. ? i AGREEABLY to a resolution passed by the Cathedral I ?£'- Chapter, having for its object the better convenience of E communicants, as well as greater solemnity in worship, the | celebration consequent upon tho Installation was deferred till j the following morning (Friday, 15th April) at eight o'clock. I The Bishop of Melbourne celebrated, assisted by the Bishops of Goulburn and Biverina and his chaplain, Canon Goodman. j Ninety-seven persons communicated, a large number of whom were clergymen. AT eleven o'clock on Friday morning the Bishop attended by invitation a meeting of the committee appointed by the General Synod to consider the subject of theological degrees for clergymen in these colonies. The meeting was held at the Diocesan Registry, there being present the Bishop of Ballarat (in the chair), Archdeacons Farr (Adelaide) and Cooper (Balla rat), and Canons Vance and Chalmers. WE trust that the Bishop's letter, which we publish in our leading columns, urging on the Church the duty of a better observance of Ascension Day, will result in heartier services and larger congregations on that day in all our churches.' Even those who pay little attention to red-letter days in general must respect a festival that, dating from the primitive age of the Church, is not without claim to be reckoned of apostolic insti tution, and commemorates the triumphant close of our Redeemer's ministry upon earth. But Ascension Day is needed, moreover, to fill a gap in the round of Christian anniversaries which all are agreed in hallowing. About the observance of Christmas, Good Friday, Easter, Whitsuntide, we have a consenting practice; the birth, death, and resurrection of our Lord, and the mission of the Comforter, have their places immovably in the calendar not only of the Church year but of our actual lives. But to give this list the completeness it requires for teaching purposes there is needed the insertion between the anniversaries of the rising from the dead and the sending down the Holy Ghost from heaven a commemoration of the going up to the right hand of the Father to receive gifts for men. Among the epochs in our Lord's history which we elect to hold sacred surely His Coronation Day is not one for Christians to leave out. AN unlooked-for bequest, by which the Cathedral Fund and the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund will benefit to the extent of probably eight or nine thousand pounds a-piece, comes as_ a seasonable and auspicious commencement of the Bishop's epis copate. Mr. Richard Leslie, of Brighton, whose death took place on the day on which the public meeting to welcome the Bishop was held in the Town Hall, has left by will the sum of £28,000, to be disposed of in the following manner : — £8850 to various charities and public objects, including the Cathedral Fund, to which £1000 is bequeathed, and St. Andrew's, Brighton, which gets £400, and the residue to be paid on trust to the Bishop of Melbourne for the benefit of the Cathedral and Bishop of Melbourne's Funds, the proportion to be given to each fund being entirely at the discretion of the trustees of the will. Through this munificent legacy not only is the Bishop of Mel bourne's Fund helped out of the difficulties which a few months ago seemed so threatening, bvit the prospect of the Cathedral being finished and opened for divine service in August, 1888, is very materially improved. WE are assured that we entirely misunderstood the objection taken by Canon Potter to the Chapter's address, and that it was not the expression which we quoted, or the sentiment which it contained, to which he was referring, but a phrase which went before, and which, if one were to take it literally, might certainly be chargeable with hyperbole. Such criticism, whether deserved or not, was not illegitimate, or at all events called for no special comments from us. We have only therefore to regret that, through our mistaking the drift of Canon Potter's observations, we were led unintentionally to misrepresent his views. TF there is a chance, and it really looks like it at last, that the ?*- Cathedral will be ready for opening some time next year, surely it is high time that some steps be taken to form' a Cathedral choir. It is nearly two years, as we have before pointed out, since Dr. Torrance brought this subject before the Church Assembly, and demonstrated the necessity of having theohoir well in training for at least a, year before its services should bo needed, Though he failed at that time to carry tha I resolution which he moved, his failure was owing simply to the I costliness of the proposed measure, and not to any want I of sense of- the importance of the subject, for^ the Assembly 1 were unanimous in resolving that the Cathedral Chapter should I be instructed to make the necessary provision for the organisa I tion of a choir according to Dr. Torrance's suggestions. We ? are not aware whether that instruction has ever been formally I conveyed to the chapter; certainly we see no signs of their I having taken any steps as yet towards carrying it out. We I trust that at the meeting of the body, which, no doubt, will be I' held before long to receive its new head, the consideration of I this subject will occupy a prominent position in the list of I agenda. ; ... — — — — — WE learn with deep regret that Bishop Perry's health has „ been seriously affected by the anxiety attending Mrs. I Perry's illness. His friends in 'Victoria, to whom ever since he I left the colony he has been in the habit of sending from time to I time a circular letter, giving them, in addition to the news they I desired of his own movements, much valuable information about I Church work and life in England, received by the same mail that j brought Bishop G-oe to Adelaide, what they understand is to be the closing letter of the series, failure of power in the writing hand compelling him to relinquish all but brief and necessary correspondence. The last letter is chiefly occupied with an account, of a very interesting meeting held at his house in Avenue-road, Regent's Park, on the eve of Bishop Goe's departure from England, in which Canon Cadman and other leading clergymen took part. Mrs. Perry's health, we are glad | to say, continues to improve. T][7'E have pleasure in directing our readers' attention to the ' » fact that the current number of The Messenger is printed in new type, which greatly improves the appearance of the paper. The printers, Messrs. Mason, Firth and M'Cutcheon, inform us that they have taken this practical mode of honouring the arrival of our new Bishop, and they are to be commended accordingly. AMONG the many suggestions for a memorial of the Queen's Jubilee year, Lady Loch's, for a fund to be raised by con tributions from the women of Victoria for the relief of the widows and orphans of men killed by accidents, is one of the most appropriate and seasonable — appropriate, because the help of women and children is a most fitting shape for the tribute of women to a widowed Queen to take ; and seasonable, because recent catastrophes on our own shores have taken away the bread-winners from so many homes. We trust that the com bination of the two sentiments — loyalty to the Sovereign and sympathy for the distressed — will result in contributions so large that the fund raised at starting will be both worthy of the occa sion commemorated and adequate to the object proposed. TXiTE are glad to learn that Mrs. Barry's health has slightly ' » improved, and that it is likely that the Bishop of Sydney will leave England for the colonies some time next month. With Bathurst still vacant, and the Bishop of Newcastle giving no sign of speedy recovery, the mere whisper that there was a possibility of the Primate not returning to his See carried alarm through all the Churches. Born leaders and masters of assemblies are always hard to find, though men of administrative temper and ability do not fail us in Australia ; but a leader who, like the Primate, adds to these a rare learning unattainable in the colonies, with wisdom and commanding speech that placed him years ago in the front rank of English Churchmen, would be a loss that would be felt not merely in Sydney or in the Provincial or the General Synod, but in every synod and diocese in Aus tralia. 'IN addition to taking his part with Ms brother Churchmen in ?*? the reception of the Bishop, and presiding over the meeting held at the Town Hall, the Mayor of Melbourne, on Thursday last, 28th April, invited about fifteen hundred of the leading citizens to a concert and conversazione at the Town Hall, given as a compliment and welcome to the Bishop and Mrs. Goe. About a- thousand guests were present, all of whom greatly . enjoyed the entertainment, in which some of the leading Mel bourne artists took part. The Bishop made some happy remarks at the end of the first part of the concert, in which he thanked the Mayor and Mrs. Cain for the treat they had pro vided for their guests, and especially for the opportunity they had afforded him of meeting distinguished persons of other denominations, with whom he might not otherwise have so early been brought in contact. Refreshments were served to the guests between the two parts of the entertainment in the hall of the Coffee Palace. t \ LL who were present at the representation of the ' 'Aulularia' ?£*- of Plautus, by the students of Trinity College, agree in Bpeaking in high praise of the performance. Costumes, scenery, pronunciation, bye -play, wore nil that could bo desired, and if, Professor Tucker's 'continuation' was worthy of the play, the epilogue by Messrs. Lewers and Cowle, for wit and spirit, was not unworthy of the.' continuation.' There can be no question about the excellence of the motive that prompted our enterpris ing young collegians to address themselves to a task requiring so much study and labour, and we hope therefore that they will reap the reward of their exertions in the knowledge that they have materially benefited the funds of the Trinity College Hostel. npWO objections to the proposal approved by the Ruridecanal -&? Chapter of Sale at a recent meeting of that body, viz., to hold a Conference of Chapters in Melbourne about the time of the sitting of the Church Assembly, appear to ..us to have been overlooked. One is that in passing such a resolution the Chapter acted unintentionally ultra vires, the Bishop's letter under which they were appointed giving neither authority for such conference nor power to any one of convening it. The other, that as a conference of Rural Deaneries would mean a conference of all the clergy with certain nominee laymen from the different parishes and parochial districts, it would be practic ally a second Church Assembly with inferior lay representation, and wanting power to enact laws or enforce its decisions. Many reasons occur to us why it is both unnecessary and undesirable to call such a body into existence for argument and discussion only — but that it should be constituted and hold its sittings when the Church Assembly is also in session, that is when all the best thought and energy of the church are required for the work of practical legislation, would be seriously to the detriment of Synodal business. ST. JAMES' CATHEDRAL may be made to seat at the most about 800 persons. It can, readily then, be imagined how hard would be the task under any circumstances of those who had to provide accommodation in this small space for the crowds of Churchmen who desired to witness the installation of their new Bishop. The procession of clergy and other Church officials, for all of whom seats had to be reserved, was estimated at not less than 150. The 650 tickets then left to be distributed throughout the whole of the diocese, would allow of only a veiy few being allotted to each parish. The additional reservation, at which no one could cavil, of 40 tickets for the licensed readers and a sufficient number for the members of the late Church Assembly helped further to reduce the parochial share. But what upset all the calculations of the Reception Committee, and brought down the number of places available for Churchmen generally to fotjii(!) each for the principal town and suburban parishes, and only two for ail others, was the fact, of which the committee were only apprised when too late for any alterations to be made, that the authorities of St. James' Parish, on the ground of the cathedral being also used as a parish church, claimed and appropriated for their seatholders and parishioners no less than 250 tickets. Evenif the right to make such a claim were incontest able, we think that, in consideration of the occasion being one of diocesan, and not local, interest, it would have been better waived, or at least greatly modified, more especially as the seat holders who thus divided amongst themselves the lion's share of the tickets are themselves few in number. Where all other congregations are obliged to content themselves with one, or at most two tickets, for every hundred persons, it does not seem a fair thing that one particular congregation should be entitled to allot to themselves two or three tickets per head. But, as a matter of fact, the claim should never have been allowed. St. James' is not a pro-cathedral, but a veritable cathedral by the letters patent granted to Bishop Perry at his: consecration, and neither the wardens nor the seatholders of St. James' Parish have any privilege in it as against the authorities of the diocese when it is being used for a cathedral function. The old church may never again be wanted for cathedral purposes — for installation of a Bishop we sincerely trust it never will — but, as no one knows what may happen in the future, we desire to enter a protest against the concession to the congre gation of St. James' Parish Church of large and indefinite rights in St. James' Cathedral. 