AT the Trades’ Union Congress which sat in Swansea last week a proposal was made in favor of introducing the eight hours’ labor system into Great Britain. Reports vary somewhat as to the reception given to the proposal, hut we gather that the congress, while expressing itself in favor of the move ment, considered it best to defer any active measures until the whole ques tion has been dealt with by the Inter national Labor Congress which will he held in London next year. The mem bers of the Trades’ Union Congress no doubt were aware that the question of making eight hours’ work a legal day can not be settled by itself. Eritain is just now feeling the strain of industrial competition with countries where wages are low and hours of labor many; and assuming that the trades’ unions of Great Britain are collectively strong enough to carry the eight hours’ system against the employers of labor, it is possible that a wholesale closing of factories would make such a victory something worse than a barren one. The problem of how to main tain British manufacturing supremacy is already a very serious one, and it will be still further complicated if the working classes insist upon a conces sion which, however right and just and desirable, must necessarily tend to im pair the ability of British manufac turers to keep pace with the times. And it never was so true as it is now that any check to British manufac tures, whether from at home or abroad, would mean a national catastrophe. It has been laid down as a political axiom that no country is in a thoroughly sound position which does not contain within its own boundaries all the neces saries for sustaining its own popula tion. Judged by this standard, the position of the United Kingdom is far from satisfactory. Great Britain has virtually abandoned the raising of breadstuffs, or at least is and must he a- very large buyer of them, and of other articles of food in foreign maukets. So long as she lias open markets for the produce of her factories and her looms, this very necessity is the secret of her mari time commerce, and the technical un soundness of her position is of no prac tical moment, and, in fact, does not appear. In the event, however, of her being outpaced or undersold by her foreign competitors a most serious con gestion of trade would inevitably en sue, and this would press with most crushing power upon the teem ing millions of her population who depend upon that trade for their daily food. The question of the eight hours’ system must, therefore, he considered in connection with all these sinister possibilities. The British manufac turer is in a strained position, and whatever he may be willing to do in the interests of those whom he employs he knows well that he dares not con sent to any proposition the effect of which would be to increase the cost of producing liis wares. The statement put forward at the Trades’ Union Congress that the in troduction of the eight hours’ system would provide employment for 700,000 more operatives is probably true, but we have no proof that the aggre gate output would pay the wages of these extra men. We are of course to understand that these 700,000 men would exactly balance the less amount of work which would he done by the present hands if tlieir working days were reduced by one hour.; And with .the inexorable de mand for-cheapness, and the constant grinding down of prices by the friction between rival manufacturing nations, it is by no means sure that the British' manufacturer could, stand this extra; strain. It does not help matters much to suggest that if all nations adopted the eight hours’ system the difficulty' would disappear, because we know that such an international agreement is at present unlikely. The Interna tional Labor Congress may, perhaps, affirm the principle, hut in any case a bald- resolution, for some time to come at least, is the most that can he ex pected from it. Then what is to he done 1 ? It cannot be denied that the exigencies of trade compel the employment of the fewest possible number of hands, the extrac tion of. the greatest possible amount of work from those employed, and the payment of the smallest possible wage. The days when the course of British manufactures and trades was a com mercial “ go as you please ” are over, and now, however much the necessities of the case press upon the operative, lie has no resource but to submit-, or by resistance and revolt, to inflict still greater trouble upon himself, and con tingently an irreparable loss to his country also. What is to he done! we ask now; hut according to present ap pearances when, a few years hence, all the unfavorable symptoms of the case are aggravated, as they are certain to he, by the operations of other countries, that question will assume a form that may well cause the gravest anxiety to those statesmen who . will be required to find a reply. We may he sure that in any case the associated trades’ unions will do all that is possible towards bringing about a healthier state of things. Times have changed in Britain since the days of George IV., when it was penal for workmen to combine, even for the purpose of compelling a dis honest employer to pay their just wages. Now the former secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers holds a position in the British Civil Service under the title of Board of Trade Labor Representative. His first, annual report was issued last month, and it forms the subject of an apprecia tive and commendatory article in the London Times. Such a circumstance is almost enough to make the dead and gone “masters” of a century ago turn in their graves! From this report we find that one society, that of the Amal gamated Carpenters and Joiners, has 440 branches, 25 of which are in the United States and 22 in Australia, tiie total number of members being 25,751. It is hard to set a limit to the power of an association of societies like this. These unions are, amongst British sub jects, fast increasing in strength and influence, and it may he that from them will by-aud-hy come the solu tion to the great labor problem of the age. At present, however, it is hard to see how they can lessen the pressure of foreign competition or modify the rage for cheap goods, and unfortunately these are the evils which most seriously threaten the future of British commerce and of the British working man. Ix the interests of Parliamentary decency, not to say dignity, the pro ceedings in the House of Assembly on Tuesday evening are to he deeply re gretted. In view of the probable retirement of the present Speaker on the grounds of physical debility, the Premier stated to the House one day last week that he would place himself in communication with Mr Lalor with a view of ascertaining his views and preparing a definite proposition for submission to the House. On Tues day night, and without waiting for the promised further action on the part of the Premier, Mr Bent reopened the whole matter, and took the opportunity of stating at large what his views were on the matter of the Speaker’s retire ment. He also charged the Ministry with improper conduct in that they had taken means to ascertain the views of lion, members of the Opposition as to the right thing to do. In the debate which followed the Goverment were charged with “ touting,” “ scheming,” trying to buy the Speakership, in triguing, attempting to “ lever the Speaker out of the chair,” and with bringing pressure to bear upon that gentleman to compel him to accept a lump sum of money to make room for one of tlieir colleagues. As the discussion proceeded the leaders of the attack upon Mr Gillies took further umbrage because lie did not rise in liis place and declare himself innocent of bribery and corrup tion. When the storm showed signs of being spent, Mr Gillies rose and re minded lion, members that he was not to be held responsible for newspaper paragraphs, some of which had fur nished the motive for the attack, but that he had accepted the responsibility of conferring with Mr Lalor as to any arrangement to he proposed, and that hon. members would have consulted best their own dignity and that of the House by waiting until lie was pre pared to submit a proposition to them. Upon this Mr Best with drew his motion, and the House proceeded with its regular business. There is serious discredit to the House in angry discussions such as this, and there is serious danger that they may lead to bringing the office of the Speaker into contempt. If the Minis try are aware that Mr Lalor’s resig nation is a matter of necessity, it is alike their right and their duty to cast about for the best man to fill his place, but they would have stood in a better position if they had explicitly an nounced to the House that the facts were so. If the Speaker had caused it to be understood that a more or less lengthy leave of absence would pro bahly recuperate his energies, we believe the House would unanimously have given that leave, but the Ministry have avoided committing themselves to any definite statement as to whether tlie circumstances point to an absolute re tirement or a prolonged holiday, and Mr Lalor himself has been equally re ticent, and this uncertainty hatches all manner erf mischief. In the mean time the dignity of the chair and the phvsicial condition of the gentleman who has filled it so long are subordi nated to an unseemly squabble as to what shall be done to recognise the merits of the retiring Speaker,' and who shall he his successor. However pure the motives of Ministers, they have certainly given their adversaries some justification for accusing them of temporising in tlieir own interest over this matter of the Speakership, and generally of an unnecessary economy of candid speaking. We presume that no Ministry will seriously propose to revoke the Abolition of Pensions Act, even in the case of Mr Lalor, and Parliament will certainly not agree to a retiring allowance without opposition ;of a determined and most undesirable nature. Under the circumstances the Speaker should receive leave of ab sence: for the remainder of the session, leaving the question of his absolute retirement to be dealt with in the next. One of our local institutions is asking sup port at the Alfred Hall this week, and we think, on public grounds, is entitled to re ceive it. That the Young Men’s Christian Association should have run into debt, with a member-roll of 400, men of business and of means on its directory, and a liberal and religiously-disposed community at its back, seems strange, but will not greatly surprise those who have had experience in launching institutions of the kiud. As the president pointed out last evening, the society started with an insufficient fund in hand. Happily, the extent of the mischief is not serious, and the young men appeal in good time for help, not only to efface .their debt, but to secure a reserve fund which shall keep their ship out of the shallows in future, and hasten the construction of a safe harbor to moor it in, a permanent building of its own being clearly indispensable, if the association is to reach its true proportions, and do its work with effect. Ho one can doubt that all encouragement should be given to agencies of this kind in the colony. It is almost a truism that its youthful manhood is a country’s hope; and though our young Victorians, speaking broadly, are probably as free from serious vices, and as full of energy, intelligence and promise, as the growth of any land under the sun, the perils and contaminations of City life, it must mournfully be admitted, are not les3 real here than elsewhere. State school training is valuable enough in its way, but can hardly be expected to do much in shaping the principles and conduct of a young man who has lately passed forth from it into the life and associations of busi ness. What his career will be depends mainly on the company he gets into in his leisure and the habits he forms at this early stage of it. The process of deterioration in a promising youth is sometimes as rapid as it is deplorable, many influences being at work speedily pulling down to debt and dis credit one who might have done honor to his friends and good to all around him. There is no doubt that the religious bodies, whatever their defects, exert enor mous influence, albeit its results could not easily be registered, in counteracting the mis chief rife in human society, and retaining its younger members in wise and righteous ways. Most of them have denominational societies for their young men to join, and we wish them all success; but there is plenty of room among us for organisations of a more general character, such as have attained commanding proportions iu Melbourne, Ade laide, and Sydney. We observe from the somewhat meagre report published of the proceedings of the “ Intercolonial Council of Australasian Young Men’s Christian Associations” lately held in Adelaide, that the figures furnished by two-thirds only of the associations iu Australasia showed their adherents to be 5500, their annual expenditure £10,275, the value of buildings owned nearly £lOO,OOO, and the volumes in their libraries 17,000. Institutions on this scale cannot fail to be influential factors in the life of these colonies, and their influence is likely to be of so healthy a kind that their progress is matter for general satisfaction. We wish prosperity to the venture of the Ballarat Y.M.C.A. iu the Alfred Hall; but, should .the public respond generously enough, as we hope it will, to put the association in good funds, we counsel the management in future carefully to adapt expenditure to iucoine, and tho young mou to justify the confidence of the public by a vigorous sup port of their own association. In compliance with a requisition of rate payers, the Mayors of the City and Town have convened a public meeting, to be held on Monday evening next iu the Alfred Hull, to protest against the manufacture of new rolling stock in the Government workshops. The necessity for doing something in the way of making better provision for keeping Lake Wendource well filled with water \> as never more apparent than just now. Not withstanding the almost constant fall of rain for some weeks past, the level of the water in the lake is still 10 inches below the crest of the by-wash. While water is running to waste at our public reservoirs, it seems a pity that the lake should be allowed to want. The magistrates at the Town Police Court yesterday morning complimented Mr In spector Parkinson on the good and speedy work performed on Thursday by the Ballarat police in the arrest of the burglars William King. (who has three or four aliases) and William Sweeney, alias George Carter. We should here state that both thieves were captured by Constable Egan, of the Ballarat East force. This policeman, who is a sober, efficient guardian of the peace, had a smart run after the accused, and on capturing one of the burglars he handed him over to Con stable Rogerson, who followed in the chase, and then pursued and ran the other thief down, and marched him off to the lockup. Constable Rogerson was also prompt in his assistance to Egan, and the help rendered was valuable. As stated iu The Star yesterday, the arrest was in the first instance brought about by the vigilance of Inspector Parkinson and Detective Charles, and it is to bo hoped that when tho cases have been finally disposed of the Chief Com missioner will not forget to recognise tho efforts of all concerned iu the capture. Mr Scott, J.P., chairman of the bench, in complimenting Mr Parkinson yesterday, said the Ballarat police deserved great credit for the speedy arrest of two ruffians who, had they escaped detec tion, would, he believed, have caused a good deal of trouble in the district. The arrest was a clever one, and the astuteness dis played at the Western railway station by the inspector and his men was deserving of the highest praise. Inspector Parkinson, in thanking the bench for their unexpected compliment, said that lie had, on behalf of the police, much pleasure iu acknowledging the kindly feeling of the magistrates. He himself was only an individual member of the police force, and as such he had merely performed his duty. He, however, took the compliment of the bench to refer to the main body of the Ballarat force, or at least to the men who had figured in the arrest of King and Sweeney, and in the recovery of the stolen property which they had in their possession, and he thanked the bench. In conclusion, Mr Parkinson said that he felt tho police ioroe of Ballarat had, from a point of efficiency and good conduct, no superiors in the colony. Yesterday the police re covered more jewellery, valued at £25, con sisting of a gold albert, a massive gold locket, and a masonic square and compass orna mented with carbon diamonds. This, together with the property previously found in the possession of the prisoners, is part proceeds of a burglary committed on Monday last at Park Villa, Flemington road, Hotham, the residence of Mrs Mary Ann Darricott. It is stated that King is a Western Australia escapee, but apart from that there is no doubt of his being a hardened criminal. Sweeney is also a convicted thief. He is 32 years of age. A meeting of drapers and others interested is convened for this evening, at Craig’s hotel, at 8 o’clock, to consider the action of the authorities in prohibiting goods to be exhibited outside their premises. We are requested to state that the Y.M.C.A. Bruce auction and gift sale will be open at 2.30 this afternoon, and in the evening at 7 o’clock. A report of yester day’s proceedings will be found elsewhere iu The Star. Company Sergeant-Major H. Mitchell, of C Company, Ballarat Battalion, has been promoted to the rank of Quarter-Master- Sergeant vice James Gullan, deceased. The deputy-coroner, Mr Patterson, yester day held an enquiry into the circumstances attending the death of the old man Frank Holmes, whose remains were on Tuesday found in the ranges near the New Cemetery. It appeared that the deceased was 71 years of age, and that death resulted from failure of the heart’s action, owing to debility caused by old age. The evidence adduced furnished another instance of canine instinct. It ap peared that on Monday night the old man, accompanied by a collie dog, went out into the ranges to gather sticks. Later on the dog returned, but without his master, thus causing Mrs Holmes, who is blind, consider able anxiety. She mentioned the matter on Tuesday morning to a neighbor named Mrs Hay, who called iu to see how the old couple were. Mrs Hay at once called the dog and let him out of the yard. The faithful animal at once started off towards the ranges, fol lowed by'j Mrs Hay, whom he led to the dead body- of bis master. Whilst Mrs Hay was returning to;Mrs Holmes with informa tion of her husband’s death, the remains were found, as stated by us, by Mr Porritt, jun., who reported the matter to the. police. We are glad to learn that Lieut.-Col. ‘ Sleep, who met with an accident on Monday night through the explosion of a revolver, is getting on as well as can be expected. The Melbourne visitors are not having a very prosperous time of it in Ballarat. Two of them were arrested on Tuesday night, aud another who is suspected of being con nected with the brotherhood fell into tho hands of the police. It appears that Mr Edward Jame3 Morffew observed a lad, somewhat flashily dressed, looking into his shop wiudow just as he had occasion to leave the place for a few minutes. Ou his return he noticed that his till was drawn out, and the contents were missing, while the lad in question was moving hastily away from the shop. Mr Morffew followed him, and gave him into the custody of Constable Cahill. On being taken to the City lock-up the young fellow gave his name as James Fired, stating that he was 17 years of age, and was a jockey. He had ouly Is in his pocket when arrested, and stated that he was being supported by his cousin, a trainer bearing the accommodating name of Johnson. Fired’s accounts of himself and his doings were so conflicting as to cause grave doubts as to the accuracy of any of them. John O’Brien was lodged in the town lockup yesterday afternoon by Detective Charles on a charge of forgery. The alleged offender called on Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., Bridge street, on the 12th August and 3rd September, aud asked to be supplied with certain goods. The parcels made up, O’Brien on each occasion presented an order for the goods purportiug to have been signed by Mr Austin M‘Dermott, of Ormond, Bungaree, and this was accepted iu lieu of cash, as Mr M'Dermott was known to Messrs Fitzgerald Bros. On the orders being forwarded to Mr M'Dermott, he pronounced the signatures to be forgeries. Information was then given the police, aud the accused was apprehended yesterday ns stated by Detective Charles. O’Brien is a farm laborer, aged 20 years. The police are of opinion that others besides Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., have been victi mised. The Orient steamer Lusitania was sig nalled from Cape Borda at 0.20 p.m., last evening, passing inward. The Rev. Joseph Walker, formerly pastor of the Congregational Church, and his wife, are expected to be in Ballarat on Friday (to-morrow). A social meeting of the Con gregational Church and other frieuds of Mr and Mrs Walker will be held in the school room, Dawson street, in the evening, at S o’clock, to meet them. Mr Walker will occupy his old pulpit in the church on Sun day morning. The firm of George Munro, Alfredton, have been awarded first prizes for winnower, chaffcuttcr, horseworks, and reaper and mower at Nhill Show, and second prize for stripper at Rupanyup Show. One day the following incident was wit nessed in Rowe street, Ballarat: —A black dog of a mixed breed, in which the spaniel was perceptible, laid himself near to Nichols’ Nursery fence to enjoy a quiet dose, as the rays of the sun fell on him. No sooner was the dog in a couehant posi tion, his head resting on his fore-paws, than a w.atehful magpie, who had kept a steady eye on his arrangements, mounted guard on his back. The dog slept; the magpie kept watch. After a time a strange dog came along, and indicated a desire to exchange thoughts with the recumbent one. “Mag” waited uutil the stranger was conveniently near, then hopped from the back of its friend, and assailed the stranger with such a vigor that, with tail between his legs aud a significant yelp, he made a hasty retreat. In reply to enquiries the owner of the dog and the bird stated that they were great friends, although when the dog considered “ Mag” was indulging in her penchant for mischief in excess, he would treat the bird so roughly that it would go limping on “ a crimpled claw,” like the poor little lame jackdaw of Rheims. To assist the Office of Titles in checking signatures purporting to be signatures of attorneys under power, the Commissioner of Titles has suggested that, where practicable, a power of attorney be signed by the attor ney as well as the principal, and that his signature be attested by the principal. This will afford the Office of Titles a means of comparison of signatures which is frequently wanting, and will be some protection both to the office and the public. Mr Jas. Ivey is making what he considers very satisfactory progress with the ma chinery he intends to use for cutting the weeds and rushes in the lake, under contract with the City Council. He anticipates that the cutter will perform its work well, and that he will be able to commence operations next month. Excellent progress is being made with the new Exchange buildings iu Lydiard street. At the present rate of work the new struc ture should be ready in ample time for being opened after the Christmas holidays. The building will make a good addition to the architecture of the street. The Ballarat friends of Mrs Emanuel, of Melbourne, will regret to hear of her demise, which took place last Saturday evening, at her residence, Smith street, Fitzroy. The deceased lady, who was well known in a large circle of acquaintances in Ballarat, was highly respected. During the last 12 months she suffered from internal disease, and although the best medical skill was pro cured, death resulted as above stated. Mrs Emanuel was the daughter of Mrs Tobias, and sister of Mrs J. Marks, Princess street, Ballarat East, and Mrs Solomon, Mary borough. The funeral, which took place on Sunday last, was largely attended. The whole of the 10 blocks of building allotments near Lake Weudouree were sold by auction on the ground yesterday, by Messrs Brophy, Foley, and Cos., and realised prices above expectations. From 35s to 55s per foot was about the general run of sales. The attendance was good and the bidding very spirited. Frank Sally, a “ beerarian,” was sen tenced to 12 months’ imprisonmment by the Town bench yesterday ou a charge of being a rogue and vagabond. The prisoner has bee n a nuisance in Ballarat East for a num ber of years, aud although subsisting almost entirely on suction, he nevertheless has had sufficient strength to enable him to commit daring acts of ruffianism. Sally yesterday regretted that he would have to spend Christ mas in gaol, but a policeman consoled him by saying, “ Look here, Frank, you will get a bottle of porter ami a plate of plum pudding in gaol on Christmas Day, and there will be laahins and lavins all the week up to New Year’s Day.” In reply, Frank, with a twinkle in his eye, said, “Catch a weasel asleep; do you think I haven’t been iu chokey on Christmas Day? A bottle of porter!—no fear. A nice dipper of Gong Gong, you mean, with an ounce of plain dough pudding as hard as a brick.” John Johnstone, also charged with beiug a rogue and vagabond, was remanded by the Town magistrates yes terday until the 22ud inst. Avery pleasant meeting took place at the Royal Exotic Nursery, Wendouree, on Mon day evening last, when Mr George Smith, on behalf of himself and employees, presented to Mr Grayson (who has been in Mr Smith’s employ for a long time, and is leaving for New Zealand) with a very handsome tea service, as a mark of esteem and respect, and in a very appropriate speech spoke of Mr Grayson in the hiehest terms, the em ployees joining with Him in wishing Mr and Mrs Grayson bon voyage, and success iu his new undertaking. Mr Grayson, in a very suitable speech, thanked Mr Smith and all concerned, and was proud to know he was held in such high estimation by his em ployer and his fellow workmen. Considerable interest (writes our Sebasto pol correspondent) is being manifested locally in t>he forthcoming production of the moral drama “ Ten Nights in a Bar room,” in aid of the Free Library by a nunr ber of local amateurs, who, judging by the assiduity displayed by them in the prepara tions of their various characters, will satisfy, the most sanguine expectations. At the hands of Mr W. Phillips, the stage altera tions are rapidly approaching completion, and the improvements effected will amply repay his untiring efforts. Mr Busch, the local painter, by his exertions has displayed considerable ability as a decorator, and his work will, without doubt, meet universal commendation from the patrons of the drama. Our local artist, Mr Binzer, is un dertaking the scene painting, and, although he has established his reputation as an artist, his scenic work has evidenced indisputable capability for that branch of art. When it is considered that the whole preparations including stag'e alteration, decorations and scenic effects are .executed gratuitously, the efforts of all will doubtless result iu the Library having a substantial benefit. The Melbourne correspondent of the Geelong Evening Star yesterday wired: — “ Another railway accident was at noon to-day added to the already too loug list. A porter named Robert Hansen, about 20 years of age, was engaged in cleaning points at Prince’s Bridge station, when the out going 12.20 train for Mordialloe ran into him and caused a compound fracture of the skull. He now lies iu au unconscious con dition at the Melbourne Hospital. The doctors hold out very little hope for his recovery.” The first half-yearly general meeting of the Farmers’ Co-operative Business Asso ciation was held on Tuesday afternoon at Meuzies’ hotel. There was a good attend ance of members, and Mr W. Thomson, J.P., of Prospect Farm, Kyneton, was iu the chair. Mr Clarence Pitman, the secretary, read the half-yearly report, and it was unanimously decided to carry the balance of profit (which represented nearly 20 per cent, on the paid up capital) forward to next half-year. A letter was read from Mr D. Wilson, of Mount Egerton, approving of the objects of the association, and advocating the study of an outlet for surplus produce during the coming plentiful season. The following were elected directors:—J. M. Highett,- M.L.A., Mandurang; W. Thomson, J.P., Prospect Farm, Kyneton; W. Middlemiss, Trentham; Angus M’Naughton, J.P., Little River; W. S. Rucker, F.1.A.Y., Melbourne; D. Mathe son, Waudong; R. N. Montgomery, Mel bourne. Messrs W. J. Rnnting, F.1.A.V., and F. G. Hughes were’elected auditors. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs is still.so unwell as to be unable to attend to his official duties, and it is thought pro bable that he will be absent from the Customs' House for an extended period. In the meantime the Minister of Justice is still acting in Mr Walker’s stead. The Age, which is read by thousands of professing Christians, commences a leading article in its yesterday’s issue, in the follow ing vulgar and blasphemous words:—“lt is a great pity that Speakers, like bishops, are not elected on the nomination of the Holy Ghost, because we shold not only get thefittest man for the post, but the transaction would necessarily be elevated far above the slightest suspicion of intrigue.” A well-attended meeting of farmers of the Laucefield district was held on Tuesday at Romsey, to take into consideration the pro posal to increase the duty on agricultural products. Mr F. O’Neal, the president of the Romseyshire Council, presided, and on the motion of Mr Galbraith, seconded by Mr Derrick, the following resolution was carried unanimously:—“That, in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to have the tariff revised in the following directions, viz., that the duty on oats, wheat, and peas should be 3s per cental; cheese, 3d per lb: butter, Cd; bacon and ham, Gd; sheep, Is per head; cattle, £1; mares, £3; stallions, £25; preserved milk, 2s per.dozen lb; pota toes, £1 per ton; dead meat, 2s Gd per 100 lb.” The farmers present formed them selves into a farmers’ protection union to watch over the farming interests. Professor Elisha Gray (says the New York Electrical Review) is perfecting his telauto graph, and soon expects to be able to send autographic messages between cities. The chief feature is the plate on which the writing is done. No particular kiud of pen or pencil has to be used; in fact, a sharp pointed instrument of any kind, or even a piece of wood, will answer the purpose. The paper on which the writing is done aud the autograph reproduced does not have' to be prepared, for in the first instance it is the pressure ou the plate which gives the impulse to the machine, while the reproduction is brought about by a tracing point, which may be a properly inked pen or even an ordinary lead pencil attached to a movable arm in the receiving machine at the other end of the line. At his Highland Park laboratory Professor Gray has made a num ber of very satisfactory trials of this inven tion, and he is inclined to think the machine will be demanded in all cases where absolute accuracy in the delivery and filling of an order is required, and that it will eventually supersede the present system of telegraphic communication; in fact, that an operator will simply transcribe a message, and while in the act of so doing, will wire it to any point on the Continent, the reproduction at the other point always beiug a fac-simile of the writing of the person at the machine. A mysterious affair has been reported to the police at Echuca. According to the statement of a fisherman named Jolly, he had some nets set iu the middle of the Murray, just below where the steamers are moored. When hauling up a net lie was surprised to find the body of a woman attached to it, a portion of her dress evi dently having caught some of the wirework of the net. Jolly attempted to haul in the body, when it suddenly sank out of sight. However, according to his own account, Jolly had time to view the body, which,.he said, appeared to be that of a woman of medium stature, who had on a black silk dress, and a black hat with a red bow in front, and a red feather at the side. The face looked considerably flushed, and had the appearance of not having been long in the water. The police were informed of the circumstance, and will drag the river. It is feared the body will have been carried some distance down the stream by the current. What makes the circumstance the more mys terious is the fact that no disappearance had been reported to the police locally. From another source we learn it is reported that a woman has been missing from Sandhurst somewhat answering the description. Jt is also reported that some children who were playing on the river banks on Saturday, heard the screams of a female, but took no notice of them. 