CHAPTER XXXVII. KIDNAPPED» WHAT had happened was a strange series ' of coincidents. Early that day the crew of the Ben-my-Chree in the mountain solitude where they were found freezing and starving safely, had sent one of their number back to Sulby village tb bay a ' quarter of meal. Teare was the mau chosen for the errand, and, having com- passed it, be was stealing his way back to the mountains when he noticed that great companies of people were coming from the direction of Kamsey. Lagging be- hind the larger groups on the road was a woman whom he recognised as his wife. He attracted her attention without reveal* ing himself to the people in front. She was returning from the inquest pf in- quiry, and told him what had occurred there ; that Dan, the Bishop's sou, had surrendered, and that the indictment to the Court and General Gaol Delivery had been made out not only in his name, but in the names of the foar mea and the boy of the Ben-my-Cüree. Teare carried back to the mountains a heavier burden than the quarter of meal. His mates had watched for him as he plodded up the bank of the Sulby river, with the bag on his back. When he caine up his face was ominous, 'Send the lad away for a spell,' he . muttered to old Billy Quilleash, and Davy Fayle was sent to cut gorse for a fire. Then the mea gathered around Teare and heard what had happened. The disaster had fallen which they foresaw. What was to be done P Crennel, with a line from a Methodist hymn, was for trusting in the Lord; and old Quilleash, with au oath, was for trusting m his heels. After a pause Teare propounded his scheme. It centered in Dan. Dan with his confession was their sole danger. Once rid of Dan they were as free men. Before his confession of guilt their in.-, nocence was beyond his power to-prove Q$ their power to establish. Qa, his way from the valley Teare had, hit on a daring adventure. They, wera to break into the castle; at Beel, take Dan by force, bring him up to the mountains, and there give him the choice of life or death ; life if he promised to plead Hot Guilty to the in* dictaient, death if he adhered to the reso- lution by which he had surrendered. . The men gathered closer about Teare, and with yet whiter faces. Teare gave his pian; his scheme was complete: th#t night they were to carry it qu,tt Çaton, Gorry was the gaoler a,t Be¿J Castle, The lad Davy waft the old summer's/god* ¡ child. Davy ftaa. to, gp, forth and smuggle old GorryV keys ou,t of the guard'ismm. If that were found impos»ble--wéU, Paton was a.n old ma» ; he might he put quietly out of harmjS way-no violence I och, no, not a haworth. Then Corkell I was son-in-law of tile watch at Peeltown, and hence the watch must take the harbour-master to the ' Jolly Herrings,' ! in Castle street, while they themselves, Teare, Quilleash, Crennell, and Corkell, took the Ben-my-Chree from her moor- ings at the mout h of th« harbour. On the west coast of St. Patrick's Isle, the Holme Isle they must bear down, iud run the dingy ashore. Then Dan must be seized in bis eel), bound hand sud foot, and brought aboard. With a fair wind it was blowing east-sou-east-they must set sail for Ramsey Bay, put about at ' Laguo, anchor there and go ashore. ' That'll lave it,' said Teare,' to raisouable inf'rence that Mastha Dan had whipped otf to England by^ the Whitehaven packet that sails at midnight from the quay.' This" done, they wero to find a horse, strap the fettered mau to its back, fetch him into the mountains in the' dark hours of the nighty and at daybreak try him solemnly and justly on the issue they had bit upon of life or death. No violence 3 Aw, no, all just and straight ! If so be that the mau was hanging them they'd do him justice as mau to man as fair as the back-bone lies down _ the middle of a herring. Deemster's justice couldn't be cleaner; no, nor as clean. Aw, yes, no violence ! It was an intricate plan, involving many risks, pre-supposing many favour- able chanceh. Perhaps it was not a logical computation of probabilities. But good or bad, logical or illogical, probable , or improbable, easy of accomplishment or, full of risk and peril, it was tho only j alternativo to trusting in the Lord, as j Orennel had suggested, or in their heels as Quilleash had preferred. In the end they took it, and made ready to act on it. . As. the men arrived at their conclusion Davey Fayle was "returning with an arm- ful of withered gorse for a fire. The first ; move in the night's adventure was to be made by him. 'Leave the lad to me,' whispered Quilleash, and straightway he tackled Davy. Veracity was not con- spicuous in the explanation that the old salt made. Poor Mastha Dan had been nabbed, bad cess to it, and jiggered up in. Peel Castle. He would be hanged sar (eu sure. Aw, safé for it, If some chaps didn't make an effort immadient. They meant to do it, too! Aye, this very everiu ! Wouldn't they let him help? Well pozsdble, possible!' There wasu't objection to that. Thus Davy fell au au easy victim to a plan that was not pro pounded to bim. In saviug Mastha Dan from the'dirts that had nabbed him was ? the .Skamé that was goin', why nothin' Would hould him but lie would be in it. ' Be aisy with the loblolly boy, and you ' ?have him,* whispered old Billy, bohiud the back of his baud, as he Spat a long jet from hiB quid. . Relieved of .doubt as to the'r course of: a<5tibh, tbey built a fire and warmed them selves, and with water from the river below tkey\ Inide cold porridge of the meal, and ateauddrank,andwaitedforthenigJit. The. darkness came 'jwaijr, it was closing in at ' four o'clock^ and then the men smothered their fire with turf and earth, and set out for Peeltbwn. Their course was over' Golden, and between Greeba and Beary, to the breast of Sheen Whallin, and 'hen down to St. Patrick s Isle, by the foot of Coma's hill. It was twelve miles over .£ijl and dale, through the darkness «nd the inúggy air of the winter's night., They. had to avoid the few houses and to break "ibeir. pace when footsteps came their way. But they covered the distance . in less ,wan four hours. At eight o'clock, they; were standing together on the south of the ' bridge that crosses the Neb ¡river at the ,top pf Peel harbour. There they ' separated., Corkell went off to the Márket place by a crooked alley from the quay. to. find the watch, and dispose of. ' him. , When the¡harbour master had been removed, Corkell was to go to the Beii iny-Chree, which was moored in deep < ' Water at $he, 'end of the wooden pier, open : n the scuttle von the south, and put the ' lajpptti ,H as a signal' of safety to Qui]-1 leaphi Teáre, and Grenueíl above ¿he bridge on the headland opposite. They i: *w*ere* then to come aboard. Davy Payie . took thf south vuy to St. Patrick's Isle. I IT. wap wow tjhe bottom of the ebb tide, and" Davy was, to, wade the narrow. neck that divided the isle from the mainland. 'Perhaps¡hemightlightenafeoajfc; perhaps cross "dry snpt. lu .half an hour he was tb be On the west of the Castle, just under i a sppt knbwh as the Giant's Grave, and i there the four men were to comb ashore j to him in the dingy. Meantime he was to see! bid Paton Gorry, and generally ' take the soundings. Thus they.parted. Davy found the waterlow aud the ford dry. ;He ''creased it as noiselessly as he could, , and rëachéd the rocks of the isle. ' It was not sp dark but he could descry the ? dim .outlines of the ruined castle. A . .'flight of steps ascended from the water's - ",èdg4^o,"tbe po'rtcnllis. Davey crept tip. 'BB ' prepared. .to knock at the old notched-door under the arch) but he fouud it standing open. He stood and listened. At bnb moment *h^ he heard a ; ttbv^&i;'!!be3fuialldinV'' It was darkost "wW'^lfoV tha^l^ü'cfc. .walls. Ho went .*ph'f'bb1 passed'the doorway that is ter f'TÎblë ^th tHö1 traditions ot tho Moddey .©nob,'' Ab be went by the door he turned bis head to it iii the darkness, and once ?again he thought he heard something stir. This time'! the sound came from before '''mjnj; He,1 gasped,;,¡and . had almost '*o*í(é¡íáí.' .''l"fi«}''étreic1i«á his arms io ' wards' mk $ßa. V-There was nothing. VAUwaTi stilt once niöre. Davy stepped forward iuto the court- yard. His feet fell softly on the grass that grew there. At length ho reached the guard-room. Once more he had lifted Iiis hand to knock, and once more he found the door opon. He looked into the room. It was empty; a firo burned on the hearth, a form was drawn up in front of it; a pipo lay on a bara deal table. * Ho has gone down to th* cell,' Davy told himself, and he made his way to the steps that lead to the dungeon. But bc stopped again, and bis heart seemed to stand still. There could »ow bs so doubt but someone was approaching. There was a faint jingle as of keys. ' Paton, Paton,' Davy called fearfully. There was no answer, but the footsteps came on. 'Who is there?' he cried again iu a tremulous whisper. At the next instant a man passed in the drrkness and Davy saw and knew him. It was the Bishop. Davy dropped to bis knees. A moment afterwards the Bishop was gone through the outer gate aud down the steps. His footsteps ceased, and then there were voices, followed by tho flash of 'au oar, and then all was silent once more, gave for the thick boom of tho sea that came up from the rocks. Davy rose to his feet aud turned to- wards the steps that led down to the door of the dungeon. A light came from below. That door was. open also, and stretching himself full length on the ground Davy could see into the cell. Ou the floor there was'a lantern, and beside it a bundle lay. Dan was there ; he was ; lying on the stone couch ; he was alone. Breathless and trembling Davy rose again and fled to the old castle and along the rocky causeway to a gullet under the Giant's Grave. There the men were waiting for him. 'The placo is bewitched,' he said with quick coming breath, and he told how every door was opes, and not a soul was in the castle except Dan. The men heard him with evident terror. Corkell had just told them a similar story. The watch and the harbour-master had both been removed before he had gone in search of them. Everything seemed to be done to their hands. Nothing was left for them to do but simply to walk into the >-astle aud carry out their design. This terrified them. ' It's fate,' Corkell whispftved, and Crenoell, in white awe of t.he unseen hand that was helping them; was still for trusting in the Lord. Thus they put their heads together. Quilleash was first to recovor from superstitious fears. 'Como, lay down, and no blather/ lie said, and stalked resolutely forward, carryitg a sack, aud a coil of rope. The other men followed bim in silence. Davy was ordered to stay behind with the smaU boat. , They found everything as the lad had left it: the notched door of the portcullis was open, tho door 0f the guard-room was open, and when they came to the steps of tho dungeon the door there was also open. A moment they stood aud listened, and hoard no sound from below but a light, regalar breathing as of one man :»nly/ Then they went quietly down tho steps and into the cell. Ban was asleep. At sight of him, lying alone and uncon- scious, their courage wavered a moment. The unseen hand seemed to be on them still. "I tell thee it's fate,' Corkell whispered again over Quilleash's shoulder. Ia half a minute the' sleeping man was bound baud and foot, and the sack was thrown over his head At the first touch ; he awoke and tried to rise, but four men ' wore over his póstrate body and they over- powered him. He cried lustily, but there ! was none to hear. In less time than it, takes to tell it the men were carrying ' Dan ont of the cell. The lantern they; left on the floor, and in their excitement they did not heed the parcel that lay by it. j Over tho courtyard, through the port- ! cullis, along the ledge under the crumb ling walls they stumbled and plunged in the darkness. They reached the boat and pushed off. Ten ra iuutes afterwards they were aboard the Ben-my- Chree, and were beating down the bay. Dan recognised tito voices of the men, i and realised his situation. He did not shout again. The sack over his head was of coarse fibre, admitting the air, and he could breathe through it withoutdifiiculty. He had been put to lie on one of the bunks in the cabin, and he could see the tossing light of tho horn lantern that bung from the dock planks. When the ¡boat rolled iu the strong sea that was running he could sometimes see the lights on the land through the open scuttle. With a fair wind for the Point of Ayre, full sail' was stretched. Corkell stood to the tiller, and when all went smoothly, the . three men turned in below, aud lit a fire in the stove and smoked. Then Davy i Fayle came down with eyes dull and sick. -He had begun to doubt, and to ask ques- tions that the mon could not answer. What for was Mastha Dan tied up lek a haythen P And what for the sack ¥ But the men were in no humour for cross examination. No criss-crossing! The imperent young . idiot waistrel, lot him keep his breath to cool his porridge. To quiet the hid the men plied him with liquor, aud at the second draught he was reeling drunk. Then ho laughed a wild laugh, aud sang a mad song, and finally stood up to dauco. It was a grim Bight, but it was soon ended, and Davy was put to sleep in another of the bunks. Then two hours passed, and there waa some growling and quarrelling. Cromie! and TcHre wont np ou deck. QnilleaBh romaine! below, sitting before the stove cleauing with oil and a rag a fowling-piece that Dan had brought aboard at the beginning of the herring season. Sometimes ho crooned a Manx carra], aud sometimes whistled it, 'as he worked, chewing- his quid meantime, and glancing at Dan's motionless figure on the bunk. With pain we record Th8 year of our Lord, Sayventeen hundred and thirty and aayven. When it so came to pass A good fishing! there wass Off Doogias, and a wonderful eayson. There was no other sound in the cabin, except Davy's heavy breathing and the monotonous beat of the water at the boat's bow. Dan lay as quiet as the dead. Never once had ho spoken, or been spoken to. The boat wa« flying before the wind. Tlie sky had cleared, and the stars were out, and the lights on the shore could be plainly seen. Orrisdale, Jurby, and the Hue went by, and when Bishop's Court was passed the light in the library window burned clear and strong over the sea. Towards ten o'clock the lighthouse ou the Point of Ayre was rounded, and then tho boat had to bear dowu the Ramsey bay in tacks. Before eleven they were passing the town, and could see the lights of the Cumberland packet as she lay by the quay. It was then the three-quarter tide. lu half an hour more the lugger was put about at Port Lague, and there Dan was taken ashore by Teare and Crennell. Quilleash went with them, carrying his fowling-piece. Corkell and Davy Fayle, who had re- covered from his stupor, wore to take the Ben-niy-Chree back into Ramsey bay, to drop anchor under Ballure, and then to rejoin their companions at the Lagne ; before twelve o'clock. This was to divert j suspicion, and to provoke tho inference, ! when the fishing-boat would be found j next morning, that Dan had escaped to England by the Whitehaven packet. The Bon-my-Ohree sailed off with Corkell and Davey. Teare went in search of a horse. Quilleash and Crennell re- mained on the shore at the Lague with Dan. It was a bleak and desolate place, with nothing to the south but the grim rocks of the Tableland Head, and with never a house to the north nearer than Foiieu, which was half a mile away. The night was now bitterly cold. The stars were gone, the darkness was heavy, and a nipping frost was in the dense atmo- sphere. But the wind had dropped, pud every sound sent a duli echo through the air. The two moo waited and listened. Thus far all had gone well with them, but what remained to do was perilous enough. If Corkell and the hui happened to be seen coming from the boat, if Teare were caught in the act of borrowing a horso without leave, then all would be over with them. Their suspense was keon. Presently there esme up to thein from tho bay, over the dull rumble of the waves on the shore, a quick creaking sound, fol- lowed by a splash and then à dead roll. They knew it was the anchor being slipped to its berth. Soon afterwards there came from the land to the south the sharp yap of dogs, followed at a short interval by the heavy beat of a horse's hoofs on the road. Was it Teare with tho horse ? Was he ÎmrsuedP The mea listened, but could tear uo other noise. Then there came, through the dense air the muffled sound of a bell ringing at the quay. It was the \ first of three bells that were rung on the I Cumberland packet immediately before it ¡ set sail. j I The horse behind drew nearer, the bell j in front rung again. Then Teare icame up leading a big draught mare by the bridle. He had been forced to take it from the stables at Lague, and in getting it away he had aroused the dogs ; but he had sot bees followed, and ali was safe. The bell rang a third time, and immedi- ately a red light crept out from the quay towards the sea, which lay black as a raven below. The Cumberland packet had gone. At that moment Corkell and Davy P&yle; returned, Corkell holding Davy by the neck of his guernsey. The lad had begun to give signs of a mutinous spirit, which the man lied suppressed by force. Davy's eyes flashed, but he was otherwise quiet ! and calm. * What for is all this, you young devil,' said Quilleash. * What d' ye mean ? Out i with it, quick 1 what tricks now P Damn his fool's face, what for does he look at me like that?' ' Dowse that, Billy, and bear a hand and ba quiet,' said Crennel. ' The young pauper's got the imperence of sin,' said Quilleash. Then the men lifted Dan on to the back of the big mare, aud strapped him with his covered face to the sky. Never a word was spoken to bim, aud never a word did be speak. ' Let's make a slant for it,' said Teare, and he took the bridle. Corkell and Crennell walked on either side of the borse. Quilleash walked behind, carry- ing the fowling-piece over his left shoulder. Davy was at his right baud. Tho journey thereafter was long and heavy. They'tock the path that is to the north by Barrule and Clag Ouvre aud runs above Glen Auldyn and winds round to tho t>outh of Snaefell. Ten miles they plodded on in the thiele darkness and the cold, with only the rumbling rivers for company, and the hidden mountains making* unseen ghosts about them. On they went, with the horse between them taking its steady stride that never varied j and never failed, even when the rivers crossed the path and their own feet stumbled into ruts. On and on, hour after hour, until their weary limbs dragged after them, and their gossip ceased, and even their growling and quarrelling was no more heard. Then on and still on in tho gruesome silence. Dnder the breast of Snaefell they came into the snow of two days ago, which had j disappeared in the valleys but still layon j [ the mountains, and was now crisp under [ their feet. It seemed, as they looked I down in the darkness, to pass beneath j them like short smoky vapour that dazed the eyes and made the head giddy. Still 1 higher the sound of running waters, suddenly stopped, for the rivers were | frozen and their voices silenced. But the j wind blew more and more strongly, asi they ascended the chill heights. Sometimes at the top of » long rise they \ stopped s to breath the horse, and then with no sound above or around except the I shrill sough of the wind,; the goree, aud the long grasB, ' their courage began to, fail. Ghostly imaginings would not be ! kept do wm. j .Did you ever hear the Loch-manP* j siid Crennell beneath his breath. ] ' I never come agen him,' said Quil- ¡ leash. * When I see anything at night on the mountains I alles lave it alone.' The other men shuddered, and forth- with began to whistle right lustily. Sometimes they passed a mountain sheep-pen, and the sheep being disturbed would bleat. Sometimes a dog at a distant house would hear them and bark, and eyen that, though it was a signal of danger, was also a sort of human com- panionship on the grim mountainside. It was a dreary walk, and to Dan, bound hand and foot on the horse, it was a painful ride. A cold one it could not be, for the awkward motion brought warmth. The night wore on, and the. air grew keener ; the men's beards became crisp with the frost., ?, At length the silent company rounded Snaefell to the north fft Orouk-y-Vane and Beinn-y-Fhott. Then Teare at the ; horse's head twisted about. ' Do we take the ould mine shed for itP' he asked, 'Ay,'said Quilleash. The journey was .almost ended. ; The sky over tho sea behind them was then dabbled with grey, and a smell of dawn was coming down from the mountains. 