' A L M A.' An OmaiHAL Austiialian Story, by HAROLD STEPHEN, Esq., M.P. OP NEW SOUTH WALES. ? - (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) . 'Yon moan Alma Tredegar,' b°gan Graoe. 'Who did you nay?' interrupted Bertio in an cxcltcil tone. ' Alma Tredegar,' replied Graoe. ' But what is tho matter?' Bertio had started to his feet, and, in bo doing, nearly upset tho tabid. Ha hastened to apologise, and related his adventure nt tho preceding day, when he met tho brother of Miss Trodegar, iu company with Sir. Charlos Worth. 'Sir Charles North!' said Mr. Harvey. ' Why ho had tho name of being one of tho safest men in the city. His he, too, failed, and come out here to seek hia fortntio? WjII, well, it is a Btrango world I Who could -havo thought ho would have made a mesi of it?' Bertie explained that Sir Charles had by no means 'made a mess of it,' buthad como out to Australia on basineai, and aim with a ? ' view to find Miss Alma Tredegar. ' Fortuna tely,' he added, ' that part of the business may bo considered as settled. You, Miss Harvey, will of course bo able to tell us tho young lady's address ?' ' I am afraid not. I received a letter from her last week, dated from Forest Creek, in whioh sho said that sho and her uncle were about to leave for somo new goldfield, and that her unelo had told hor that, in all probability, sho would not havo an opportu nity for writing again for many weeks to como.' ' That is nnfortunato,' said Bertio, ' but wo may bo able to follow them. At any rate, I suppose I may toll Sir Charles Worth that, as soon as Miss Tredegar writes again, you will let him know her address?'' ' Of oourso,' replied Grace. 'I must ask you, howovor, to keep silence ?with reference to tho arrival of our friends in Melbourne. Professor Tredegar is at enmity both with his nephew and with Sir Charles, and ho is quite capable of preventing thom itom meeting Miss Alma, if' it lies in his power.' Graoa promised oompliance, and Bertio Boon aftor^ook his leave, reooiving a cordial invitation from tho young lady to visit them again on his return to town — which invita tion was formally endorsed by Mr. Harvoy in a manner the very reverse of oordial. When ho had left : ' I do not liko that young man,' said the father. 'I do, very much,' retorted tho daugh ter. It may ba well imagined that tha good nows brought by Bertio Leraoorto, was moBt : acceptable to Dart Tredegar and Sir Charlos North. At last they had a chtu which they could follow up with some hope of busccss, ?and, in any event, they hud every reason to believe that Miss Hirvey would ero long be . ablo to to supply thom with moro accurate information. Tho whole party, including tho deteotive, left for Forest Creek that samo evening. CHAPTER XX. SNOB'S GULTA'. ! ? .It was a high old timo at Snob's Gully. -Ever sinos tho news had como that Tue Ad ; miral had unearthed a nuggdt of monster ? .proportions, tho towuship had beon in a fer ment ; for the claims had Etrtick work, and ?every man. on tho -diggings had come inio view tho welcome Btrauger. ? There it lay— a huge misshapen mass of v dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of -.quartz. Beauty it- possessed not; yet every .. ihoart beat high with tho hope of ono day \- owning its like. ., :- -For its exhibition, tho largest rcom in tbo : ..loading publio house had been chartered by .the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and all day long a stream of visitors kept pouring in and out; whilst tha traflio in drink and eatables threatened to exhaust the resources of tho establishment. ... Snobb's Gully was among tho youngest of , tho gold-iieldB of that day. The original pto \- upector was a shoe-maker, henoo tho eupho \- nioua title, which had boon bestowed upon it, ? aftor digger-fashion, by somo wit among tho shoe- mokei's successors. When tha original ' snob ' first drovo his -pick into tho soil, it was « charming gorgo, between two high mountains, covered with tho luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery oreok wound its plaoid way .through tho gully, and tangled masses of orceperB hung in festoons irom trco to treo. Ono short month later, and tha gully was transformed. Trees and creopers had did - ? nppearod; tho creek had become a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill sides woro covered with tents and huts of every description. Tho township — is thero not something offensive to the taste in tho very expression,' 'township'? — was situated at the end of tha gully, where it widened out into a 'Hat,' and aonsisted, for tha moBt part, of stores and .publio houses. Of theso tho most pre tentions was tho ' Snob'a Arms,' at which the ooaohes stopped, and there was aotually a billiard-room, containing a dreadful tra vestie of a billiard-table, and numerous small tablos whioh were nightly occupied by euchre and cribbuge players. Tho Snob's Arms boasted also a dancing saloon, and two real, livo barmaids, of undoubted personal attrac tions, and limitless impudence. ^ It was a slab hoiBn, or rather a congrega tion of slab lniU of various dimensions, bark roofod, and suumngly conneutud by covered passage way. In tho dancing saloon, repoBing upon a red blanket, on a t:u-'e improvised for tho ocoa Bion out of alibi placed on treaties, Uy tho mortster nngijet. At iho head of the (able, seated in an arm chair, eat the Admiral, the luuky proprietor of tlio huge mass ot gold, which he from time can-cased and pattod, as if it had beon a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of tho hundreds of men working at Saoba (.rally, ho was perhaps tho least considered. O.io efcroko of tho pick, and bohold him a king amongst men I Oh, wonder - working _ enohanter, divino gold 1 without theo, lifo is a wearisome', struggle — with thee, o carnival of delight I At least, that is tho poor man's views of tho matter ? when I havo found my nugget, I shall be ablo to deal with tho question from the other stand-point. Tho Admiral— so-called, perhaps, because of all living mon ho was iu appearanca farthest removed from the popular ideal of an admiral— was a week-eyed, week-kneed, Bandy-haired little man, who had hitherto, as became ono of hia Blender pretensions, modestly kept himself bo much in tho baok ground that nobody knew anything about him. A few hours, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and ho now occupied tho place of honor ob if to tho manner born, It really was astonishing to find that ho was not only gonial, but withal witty ond wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that foil from his inspired lips, and nover prophet of old commanded mora respect. To each succeeding group of ad mirers ho told tho samo words; yet even thoso who hod heard it early in tho day, and oftenmnco, listened os eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all tho charm of novelty to recommend it. ' Yo Bee, gentlemen,' ho would say, 'mo and my mates knowod thero was po mc;b in' good- in that thero ground. Folks used to tell ns, we'd never como on it; butwoknow'd better, and thero Bbe is I' Here ho_ would point exultingly to the nugget, whilst his hearers snmolced thoirUtjs, and wished— oh, so dearly I— that it had been their fate to tell tho tale. I ' I'll not deny that there was times when ! we felt kinder bad about it, times whon tucker was source, and licker fcarcer,' — The landlord winced at this remark, for hisconsoienca smote I him as ho recalled sundry interviews between hirmelf and Tlie Admiral, and in whioh ha ! had displayed anything but a 'trusting' spirit. ' Thero was times oven when my mates sez ' L^t's shift our pegs ;' but I nover gave in I I know'd wo was bound ter strike it rich, and strike it rich wo havo— gentUmon, call for yer drinks, if you please. Jt'o my Bhout, and champagne's the drink to-day.' Need it bo said that this speech of The Ad miral was received with ever-increasing en thusiasm? Who, that knows anything of digqer-naturn, will doubt that an orator of this stamp wus accredited with the possession of moro than the average supply of wit and wiBdorn ? Towards midnight tho fun grew fast and furious; oiid when tho coaoh from Forest Creek drew up nt the door of the public-house, it may safely be paid that not one of its in mates (of the male sex) was sober. Under ordinary circumstances, tha arrival of tho coach — which usually took plaoa at about nina o'olock — was the event of the ovining, and overy body turned out to stare at now mrivnls, and question tho driver. Great then was the surprise of Jaok For rest—Gentleman Jack, 09 ha was. oalled — who held tho reins on tho night in quostscn, when not over so much as a groom came to meet him as ho drew up at tho door, in at gallant fashion as the fagged horses could ac complish. ' Well, I'm d — d 1' ho muttered. ' Hero's a start I Anybody (load, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold tho roins for a minute, please,' ho added, addressing a paBsenger, who occupied tho box-seat. ' I'm going in to rouse up some of thoso duols. Confound my cats! I'll let them know who they'ro fooling with, in a quarter less thon no time.' . Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out hia threat, a little voice in the interior of tho vehiolo said, 'I think wo havo arrived, uncle,' and presently tha curtains wero parted, and such a charming faoc appeared nt tho aperture, that ono of tha grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towardu tho coach, started as if ho had Eeen a ghost, and fell over into tho horso-trough, much to tho discomSturo, but greatly to tho delight, of the outraged driver; who, no companied by tho landlord, opposwed on tho threshold at that moment. 'Let mo help you down, miaa,' Baid Gentleman Jaok offering his hand. 'These coaches are rather awkward for ladies.' ' Then wo have arrived, sir ?' aoked the young lady, timidly. 'Yes, misB, this is Snob's Gully,' Baid tho landlord obsequiously, but with a lurch to leeward, which Bhowed that he, too, had buc oumbed to tho influonoo of the petroleum ohampngno. ' And this iB the Snob's Arms —though I acz it, as shouldn't, the leading hotel. in the place. Was you for stopping hero to-night, miss ?' 'Yes — get us nomo supper at onco, and show ub to our bedrooms,' answered ogenlle man who had comerouud from the other side of tho ooach. ' Como insido, Alma, tho groom will look after our luggago.' Poor Jittle Alma — for it was indeed our heroino — oold, tired, hungry, and half frightened, took her unolo'tf arm submissively enough, and they woro presently ushered into the room of I tho bar, which was dignified by tbe name of tho best parlor. Tho furniture of this apartment consisted of a ricketty bush sofa, a round table, covored with a blno blanket in liou of table cloth, two or three decrepit chairs, and an old safe, whioh did duty as Bido board. Alma sank on tha sofa exhausted, and would fain havo relieved herself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vox her unole. ' Cheer up, ohild,' said that gentleman, divaating himself of his overaoat. ' A hot glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall havo in a minute. What is tho meaning of that noise ?' ho asked. This question was addrfDied to ono of tho barmaids, who entered while ho woli speak ing— a young lady with brilliant, beady blaok eyeB, vory rod cheeks and lips, and a mass of oily blaok hair, whioh towered at least a foot over the orown of her head, aud thence dosoended, in a cascade of tight cork Borew curls, halfway to hor waist. ' It is a nugget, '. Bho replied in a minoing tono. ' Tha Admiral's party have found a big nugget, and thoy'ro a-keeping it up in tho ballroom. Would tho young lady liko to take anything?' 'Yes, sho would,' replied tho Professor, sharply, ' A glass of weak brandy and water, hot, for her; and a strong glass for myuelf. Look smart about it, if you plctieo.' Tho damsel looked unutterable things at tha person who had tho audacity to address her in Buoh an unoeromonious manner, and flounced out of tho room with a twist of the 1 Bkirt whioh narrowly escaped knocking tho aggressor down. by thoir breatli, whilBt her ear was oitouaed by many a muttered oath, and that horrillo snoring and gnashing of teoth whioh attends tho sleep of tho drunkard. Later on, the house was opened by tho landlord — himself vory much tho worse for tho debauch — and then, ona by one, tho sleepers arose, shivered, and staggered into tho bar in search of a ' pick-mo-up.' Mr. Johnson had been able to got to bod, and, after tbreo or four houra sleep, made hiB appearanca, apparently Bulferiug leso than might havo beon expected. IIb was evidently a seasoned vessel ; for, after a brandyond soda, ho was actually able to smoke a clay pipe, whilst breakfast was in oourso of pre paration. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his nieoe for the appearance of this guest at their table, Ho had risen early, and called 4'ma ^0 parlor, longb before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What ho told tho girl, it is not necessary to repeat — it was simply a liq, con cocted for a purposo, and it served that pur pose — at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objectionable b person Mr. Johnson might be, it was highly important that ho Bhould bo flattered and concili ated. Tho poor girl presided nt iha breakfast table in a state o£ trepidation whioh threat ened, at any moment, to ouluminate in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was oven mora objectionable than she had expected to find him. In tho first place, ho brought with him into the room an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made hor feel so siok that she was wholly unahlo to swallow a mouthful of food. Then ho ate like a barbarian, using his knife aa if it had been a fork, and there after helping himself to butter with the same implement. Aa for his conversation, it was more than offensive to tho girl. His oompli ments wero ooarse, and acoompanied by horrible leers, and lewd glances, which even a child could not misunderstand. Moreover ha would .talk. Tha Professor vainly strove to relieve his hieco by taking upon his own shoulders the chief share ot tho conversation; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the samo timo, and thus onjoyed tbo advantage which he pushed to tho uttermost ; being, in point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, nnd laboring under the hallucination that he was decidedly coming out strong, and making an.impression. How long that meal endured, Alma nover know. -It seemed interminable — for Johnson waa ono of thosa happy individuals whose ap petito is increased by copious potations, and 'e had no idea of ceasing to eat a3 long as there was anything eatable left on tha ? table. At last ho looked around, and sighed the ! sigh of ropletion, thon hs oommonced to use , his fork as a toothpick. Even tha professor could not, however, j stand this last proceeding, nnd ho aroee hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, and preparo to accompany him for a walk. How . gladly tho girl took the hint and escaped--; may easily bo conceived; but Bhe was not i-ufferod to depart without tha promise of farther torturo, for Mr. JohnBon, without rising, intimated a desire, if Bhe had no objection, to accompany her and hor unole in a stroll among the claims. As tha door closed the Professor turned to Mr. .T.ihnnon with a gravitj of manner which even impressed that individual, and caused him to ask uneasily—' What's up now ?' ' Can wo bo overheard?' asked tho Pro fessor.' 'If we don't yell out, and there don't happen to bo anybody listening at the door,' replied Johnson, 'I should say wo can't. Especially as thora is an infernal row going on as it is.' Trnth to . say, a largo number of the Baechanalians of tho previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they wera oil still mora or less intoxicated, the noise soon become deafening. ' Mr. Johnson,' began the Professor, ' it I mist&ko; not, you have not always borne that name. Tho fork fell from the man's hand with a crash upon tho table, and bo stared, open mouthed, at tho Professor, whilst a pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his faoo. ' I think,' continued tho professor, ' that you wero formerly known in London by tho name of Thomas Sumner.' Mr. Johnson took up tho fork, and re oommenced picking his teoth. ' Well, sir,' he said, 'what than ? Many a man does not care to be known by his own name on the diggings.' This waa said in a confident, defiant tone wholly at variance with the man's behaviour when first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor scored a point— he con duced at onoethat the gentleman before him bad been known also by another name, and that there wero circumstances attendant upon hia bearing that name whioh made him dread its discovery. ' Of oourso,' said the Professor, 'it very often is desirable to oonceal one's identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you muBt bo Thomas Sumner,' (To be continued.) . Moscow lias never quite reoovered from the iirts which followed and put an end to tho French occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high dayB and holidays, an_ air of languor hangs about tho holy city, whioh for many centuries was Russia's actively boating heart. Perhaps it is partly for that very reason that it is far dearer to tho RuBsian mind than St. Petersburg, tha younger and more animated rival which has supplanted it. The oity whioh Poter tho great founded on tbe swampy islets at tha mouth of the Neva fairly represents the force and energy of tho Russian- Government, tha Bplendor of the nobles, tho might of tho military. But Moscow, with its hundreds of ohurohes and shrines, its repose suggestive of some land where it is always Sunday afternoon, ia far moro in koeping with the ideas nearest to tho heart of tho Russian people, more in har mony than the glittering Northern capital with the deep devotion whioh the pc-osant feel3 towards the Church, and towards that fatherland with which the Ohuroh is in his mind bo intimately oonneoted. From all parts of the empire, from the swampy homes of fever and plague whore the Volga pours itself into tho Caspian near Astrakhan, from the shores of tha lakeB and the shades 'of the ioroBts lying far away northwards toward Arohangol and tho Arctio Ooean, from the rich ' blaok soil ' lands of the moro genial South, and from tha far-off settlements stretching away in progressive lines into Central Asia, thoro como bands of pilgrims, who wander from one Bhrino to another, visiting tho spots whioh are to the Russian mind most dear and holy, and who return to their nativo villages with a vast store of religious experience, and with a reputation somewhat akin to that of tho mcdicoval palmer who had viBited tho holy places at Jerusalem. Suoh aro the visitors whom we see standing beforo the porch of tho Cathe dral of St. Basil at Moscow. The men in rough oaps and sheepskin tunins, with Bhoes made of lime-tree bark on their foot, thoir legs bound round in Iho old Soythian or Sitrrnatinn fashion, tho women with handker chieffa' tied over their heads, all with wallets slung around them and longpilgrim-atavesin their hands, from very piotureequa groups as they gather beforo ohurcli doors or in tho oourts and cloisters of tho monasteries. A waterproof garment— Tho ooat of tho toper's stomach. . . 