TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Premier performed the feat of walking backwards downhill on Tuesday as grace fully as circumstances would permit An unholy combination between the teetotallers and certain representatives of the licensed victuallers compelled the Government to take lower ground than tbey bad previously climbed up to. Tbey bad either to come down, or to resign, or to appeal to the country, or to defy the combination. The question is not large enough lor an appeal to the country, or for resignation, bo that Mr. Gillies bad in reality only to choose be tween consistency and comfort, and this is a Ministry whose motto is the saying and doing of comfortable things. An important prin ciple is given up in order that some licensed victuallers in towns whose houses do not con tain the number of rooms required by law may keep their licenses without enlarging their buildings. The gain to the local option party is unmistakable. They care very little on what terms the smaller houses in towns are kept open, provided they obtain the power to reduce the total number of houses in each licensing district to the legislative minimum. The proviso as to at least one third voting—a proviso which is in the act of 1885, not in the bill now before Parliament is repealed by the compromise, and a majority of one, however small the voting may be, will carry the day. There is a saving clause in which the Government appear to take refuge. At present, there is practically no fund out of which compensation can be paid to the owners of houses ordered to be closed; and the Licensing Act states that houses marked for closing are to remain open until the money is forthcoming. The opponents of local option must not rely too much on this provision. They may next find the teetotallers propos ing doing without compensation, or giving compensation to the extent the fund will allow, even if it should amount to only sixpence apiece all round. Anyhow, the local optionists are not the sort of people to stand by quietly, after carrying their point in the Legislature, andsee their efforts nullified by the non-creation of a compensation innd. Should the Munro-BalleB compact be ratified by the Legislative Council, we hope that the friends of rational temperance will not lose courage or weakly submit to the inevitable, but stick to the principles in which they have faith, and by the carrying out of which they believe the vice of drinking alone can be satisfactorily coped with. "The right to shear Bbeep in Australia is vested exclusively in the Shearers' Union, of which Mr. W. G. Spence is law-giver and prophet; and any station proprietor dis regarding this principle shall be liable, with or wtthppt notice, to have his sheds occupied by the union, until be hands them over his sheep to be shorn." There may be no such rule in print, butitistheoneaccordingto which ytiff mew who entered into possession of Sartridgeftpn Mondayare working., Youbuy land, atock ft with sheep, devote your energies to the production of the best kinds of wool, fancy/ihen thefleeces ai« *e|fir for dipping* pleas* *9 aflipjfrem. pot-jfo it .all backs of sheep. Their rights have been1 | acquired under a divine patent, and are | superior to the laws administered by the i courts of justice. At present, their claim only extends as far as removing the wool for the owner on union terms, but in dje time it will be announced that, while the owner may keep the sheep, the union intends to appropriate the wool. The difference between the demands now made and those which we expect to see for J mulated in due 6ea6ou is ouly one of degree. To belong to a shearers' union is to enjoy line times and dream of a great future. For some weeks from 80 to 90 members have been picnicking in the Western district, the ex penses of their outing being defrayed from town. The cost of living under such circum stances is so trilling that we do not wonder at the muster-roll remaining constant. They have nothing to do from morning till eveniug but amuse themselves—eat, drink, Btnoke, play cards, and tell each other yarnB, while a few sentries watch the roads to see that no "outsiders" enter the domain lh£y have marked out as their own. The Shearers' Union promises to become the most popular institution in the country. Everybody will waut to join, and when it becomes strong enough we do not see what there is to pre vent its taking possession of the whole con tinent—stations, farms, and town houses. As a commercial project it would float better on tne London market than the Mount Mor gan mine. { The comrades who are said to fall out soonest are the keepers of lighthouses. Place two men with their families in charge of a lamp on some lonely headlaud, and before their first year ends you will find that the two families do not speak. To promote har mony, and for other reasons, the rule is to have three lightkeepers, and to give each of them with his family a spell in town. What is true of coast lighthouse life appears to be also true of intellectual lighthouse life. < All is not well with the trimmers of that lamp of learning—the Theological-ball at Ormond College. A little while ago the two professors were the best of friends—co workers in the cause of orthodox Presby terianism, always sitting side by side at Presbytery meetings, echoing one another's sentiments, cheering one another on. Throughout the Strong and Dods con troversies none were so active, so zealous, so loving as they; and they were rewarded for their valorous services by being ap pointed to the theological professorships at Ormond, which are the highest and most honourable gifts the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Chnrch has to bestow. They became the senates of the Theological hall, and while one took the presidentship, the other became secretary, the pair between them filling all the official positions which it is possible for a senatus of two members to create or require. They were understood to have entered upon enviable happiness. Why should they ever disagree ? Yet they have fallen out, after the manner of other light house-keepers, because there are only two of them. In the multitude of counsel there is safety. A senate of two is unsafe. The general assembly, before adjourning, appointed a committee of inquiry, ostensibly to find oat whether it was true that Professor Macdonald has acted improperly in obtaining occasional help in delivering lectures to the students from a clerical brother, but really, we feel sure, to discover plausible reasons for increasing the number of the senatus, in order that Professor Macdonald and Pro fessor Rentoul may once more sit on the same bench. But how is Prolessor Mac donald's mind to be disabused of the can kerouB idea now lodging there, that he haB been unfairly "peached upon," and a Star Chamber matter made of the trifling affair that occasionally, when he had a cold or a headache, he got Mr. Ewing to lecture for him? What the president of the senatUB must want to know is the name of the per son who carried the news to St Hilda that be had been introducing dangerous inno vations at tbe Theological-halL Much regret will be felt that Queensland has been made to turn its back upon itself and upon Australia by the bitter and suc cessful opposition to the Naval Defences Bill. It is impossible to avoid the inference that the Opposition has been moved mainly by a spirit of discreditable factiousness. No one, who is not altogether a fool, could believe in the argument that Australian liberties would be endangered by an Aus tralian fleet, when it is notorious that the very idea of infringing the freedom of the colonies has died out among English states men. The assertion that the measure in volves taxation without representation, when it is tbe representatives of the colonies who make the bargain, is superlatively silly and ridiculous. What has happened is simply that a very fair and reasonable offer has been made to the colonies, and-the majority of them, seeing its advantages, are ready to ac cept it. It commits them to no policy; it simply strengthens them against foreign attack. But the proof of the factiousness of the opposition in Queensland is to be found in the statements of the members, who confessed that they opposed the bill out of a desire to embarrass the Government, and not out of any real objection to it* That Mr. More head shonld have lent himself to this intrigue is especially disgraceful. He belongs to the moneyed classes, who are most deeply in terested in securing the defence of their properties. He is doing his utmost to dis credit the colony, and to bring upon it the charge of fickleness, when it is to the interest of every institution to increase the general confidence in the straightforwardness of Australia which is now felt among English capitalists. He belongs to the -party that first extended Australian rule to the' neighbouring islands—a policy ttj&t; has of necessity brought us into contact with foreign nations, and that rejfcftfeft fleet imperative. Mr. Moreheai cSnnotbfe blindto thew facts. m m m m$9 § m m* I party feeling and the petty desire of a party j triumph, and unable to grasp the real meaning of the proposal submitted by Sir Samuel Griffith. It eras natural to expect that be would be able to approve of the policy of bis party even iu the hands of a political opponent That he has utterly failed in this respect only shows how unfitted be is to guide the destinies of a great colon)'. The November number of the Australian Medical Journal contains an article by Dr. R. H. Fetherston, resident medical officer of the Women's Hospital, Melbourne, on the subject of the "Weight of Victorian Infants," in which it is Btated, as the result of pro longed investigation, that the average weight immediately after birth of babies in this colony is greater than in most countries. Anything that throws a light on the influence of climate on race in new countries must always be of interest. These colonies are still too young to afford sufficient data for safe generalisation on thia point Certainly there is some reason to believe that so far as size is concerned the race that is peopling Aus tralia will not deteriorate here. Generally speaking, the Australian aborigines constitute a good type of manhood from a physical j point of view. In some parts of the interior of the continent there are still tribes of gigantic stature, broad as well as tall, and, as to the coast tribes, all who have had opportunities of forming an opinion on the subject must agree that, as a rule, it is , probable that if these savages had always I had an abundance of good food, they would bear favourable comparison as to physical structure with the people of most other parts I of the world. Extremes of heat or cold pro mote physical deterioration. The Esquimaux are dwarfish, and the natives of some parts of India are poor specimens of humanity. It J may be urged that neither the Esquimaux nor the puny tribes of India have been accustomed to an abundance of good food. Climate and food are so interdependent that it is impossible to state which exercises the greater influence on the bodily development i of a people, borne climates lessen the vigour of northern races, no matter what diet they may be able to command. Europeans, for, instance, dare not let their children grow up f in India, and, as a rule, do not themselves leave the peninsula with a sound liver. Victoria has a temperate climate and can ] produce all kinds of food that can be required by its healthy, vigorous people. In this colony, at any rate, the Anglo-Saxon race has found a habitat in which it will, no doubt, continue to develop in beauty, strength, and stature until it attains the maximum of | physical perfection allowed to mortals. The play of the lower animals, it has been ! observed, is a disguised form of fighting, while civilised man's fondness for the Bports of the field iB a survival of the predatory in stincts of his savage ancestors. What the pre- bistoric man used to do, in order to pro cure food, the civilised man does for amuse ment. The habit remains after the necessity for it has vanished. No other hypothesis satisfactorily explains why the killing of game should afford such pleasure to the male sex among mankind. The tendency to " throw back" to the ways of onr ancestors manifests itself curiously at odd times. Last week'B contest between the Corporation of the City of Melbourne and the Railway Com missioners was a temporary return to bar barouB customs. The dispute was for the possession of a portion of the roadway leading to Prince's-bridge—a roadway which the contractors for the commissioners were cutting down, and which the corporation pretended to desire Bhonld be let atone. The simplest and most dignified, though we are not prepared to say the least expen sive, course for the corporation to have pur sued would have been to have applied to the Supreme Court for an injunction, but rougher methods recommended themselves. First, the contractors' overseer was taken up by the ! police at Mr. Fitzgibbon's instigation, and lodged in the watchhouse; hut the magis trates granted bail and a long adjournment, which permitted the contractors to go on ex cavating. Navvies with carta were then em ployed by the corporation to tip earth and stone into the pit as fast as the contractors' men dug earth and stone out. The work-1 men enjoyed the contest, because it was | amusing, and brought in a flow of wages. Each party in turn made ingenious moves, and the onlookers were becoming excited I with the skill and ingenuity being displayed on alternate Bides of the board, when the | town-clerk (who had been down at Spencer street negotiating with the commissioners) arrived with a flag of truce, announcing that the dispute was arranged. For the contest was not as to whether the roadway should be cot away or allowed to remain, bnt as to whether the corporation should get from the Government, by coercing the Railway Com missioners, a new site for the fish market, and the Government have granted the new Bite. The corporation has triumphed, without any great expenditure of money, so that the charge brought against the town-clerk of wasting the city revenue does not amount to mnch. It would have cost more to have made out briefs for "standing counsel" Still the struggle was as unseemly as would have been a fight with coats off between the corporation and the commissioners till both had been carried to the hospital The com munity expects the very, nicest of behaviour from representative public men, and there is inconsistency in Mr. Fitzgibbon's one day ap pearing at the Town-hall in black silk and Relgian l&ce;, and the nexfc day in his shirt sleeves cheering on a gang of navvies who Are mischievously interfering with Mr. Speight's digging. That sort of sport shonld ] only beongaged in on the beach at Sorrento, during the-Christmas holidays. among politician th%t' the bnoy8£<y br otherwise of the reyenn dpfHS&aD; fhore on what Treasurer is in offic " - -- -- - oitawiaw Mr. Laurens, we know, does not hold that opinion, and ai a moment's notice he is pre pared to dispute with any man who asserts that the finances were sick during the Berry regime. But the views of Mr. Laurens upon all questions are more frequently outr6 than acceptable. It does matter who is in office, for money, though represented by hard coinage, is as sensitive to the touch as the delicate sea anemone, and the commercial houses'curtail their importations the instant a Treasurer beginB to talk " tariff," which causes the Customs revenue to shrink. The management of figures is also a branch of the art of jugglery, and the Treasurer who knows his business can create a surplus where a clumsy man would report a deficit.; Under the riyime of Mr. Ellery, we have always forecasts of fine weather at Cup time. Were Mr. FitChett at the Observatory, the forebodings would be black enough forWeeks before to frighten people away in thousands. As the man so the balance-sheet. Hence in New South Wules, the change from Jennings and Dibbs tc Parkes and Burns is . like passing from winter into summer. There is not exactly a surplus; but the load in the shape of deficit is easy to carry —one which can be treated jauntily. Though in amount it is Blightly larger than it was a year ago, the revenue is growing buoyant, and the Bhip will soon rise above tbe Pliinsoll mark. The expedients of the Parkes Ministry for lessening the load are in the first place to float off portion of the deficit on a raft of Treasury bills, and in the second to pass a property tax of Jd. in the £. Since the let September the railway income has been improving. Previous to then there had bete too much rain —too high a water-level in the rivers— to please the railway commissioner, who would like to see the streams dried up and the steamboats which carry off traffic that belongs to the locomotive permanently stranded alongside the wharves; Mr. Good chap cannot make the railways yield the full rate of interest in a year when rain falls] copiously, making the heart of the pas-j toralist glad. The teetotallers should re joice to hear that the Customs returns show I that the quantity of liquor consumed per j head in 1S86 was only LlfigaL as compared with 1.45gal. in 1882. AH classes will re- J joice over the Budget except the civil ser vants, whose salaries are to undergo revision. Tbe whole service is to be reorganised, in creasing the salaries where the duties war rant it, and reducing many who are too highly paid. Yerily, the servants of the state are a race born to endure tribulation. The universal air is vibrating with their I cries; in none of the colonies is their lot a ] happy one. From tbe days of the Canoona rush Bock hampton has enjoyed the reputation of being a great {place for early-morning and all-day Bteady drinking. It possesses a thirst-pro-j yoking climate, being jast within the tropics. Many years ago it used to be said that when lemons were scarce the RockamptoniteB put sliced onions in their whisky. Though the customs of the town must have become more refined with increasing age and the growth of population, the pastime of drinking still seems to be kept up, to judge from the prominence given by the local Journals to ] cases of drunkenness in the police-court. It is probable, however, that they make much of these cases because the police magistrate is a humooriBt, and the unhappy drunkards who come before him with bad headaches or the "shakes," to quote hiB own practical phraseo logy, give him greater scope than common place thieves and burglars. Mr. Lukin's colloquies with the drunkards must be the firstportionof theday'snews that light-hearted readers torn to when they open their paper. He seldom indulges in levity when dealing with criminals, unless the case takes an in viting turn in the right direction, but the social delinquents invariably find him in a jocose mood. In fact, we fancy that these delinquents expect to be spoken to in a humorouB vein, and " go on the burst" on pnrpose to have a sportive innings with the P.M. afterwards. They transgress in order that the community at large may laugh. Mr. Lukin is only hard on them when they are j incorrigible or set np clumsy excusea " Well, Graham," he said to a drayman, " what have you got to say about being j drunk ?' Graham—" Ashamed of myself, sir." Mr. Lukin—" Well, you know you were endangering people's lives." Graham— " The horse is quiet) sir, and you can lie under bis belly. 1 have reared him as a pet " Mr. Lukin—" It may be well enough to lie under his belly, but what if you tumbled over his back f Graham—" Whatever view you take of it, sir, I must be content" Mr. Lukin—" All right, Graham. That's a I sensible way of looking at it" Graham had j to be fined 10a. on account of the horse. Daniel Cain escaped because be was the| grandfather of nine children ; but next day, when be came up again, the police magis trate said to him, " Yesterday you bad LSs. in your pocket, with which X was foolish enough to let you go. This morning you come before me again', and'I find you spent lis. 6d. in getting drank." Defendant— " This is the same drunk, sir." Mr. Lukin I —" Very well. You are fined £2 or a week's imprisonment for the same drunk." John Collins—which is likewise the name of .a celebrated Warm-climate drink—also turned up twice running. " It was not altogether the same firuqk (be said), bnt I was'very bad, 'yon Will remember, from the effects ; when T came before you yesterday." Mr. Lukin—" I knew from the remark you made, that if you had had a nobbier you would be all right, you would be at It again. "You are fined £2 or a week. I Will show yon chaps yon will not play the fool with me when you come here two days running." The serious business ot the court was then entered upon, and the remainder of the report of that day's proceedings nke any^&er; ppiice report.' ' ' " tives has a higher sense of ite one or two chambers of quite so far away. Sir Julias Ce °VBt language we do not pretend to how was censured where a Gannon enuate Mdv.,,. „„.,d ™"s»Tlh,£> apology j- indeed, in the case of a xv aa Melville we will not be so rash as ££ Ja any apology would be forthcoming*5? scene began thfbughsir Julius vt The coming angry at a question put to IimY* respecting hiniself—was it true that ! 9 Premier WaB still employing two ex" I# 1° ««'-«»» Ck taw"" tired from officer Sit Jolina Vocdt,,!''' years has not had the use of hUlew, „^™e obliged to wheel himself abo^t'"™^9 wheeled about by an attendant. Hp»L Parliament ftotn day to day in B M "9 bulator. He speaks of his physic?®" firmities as the act of God. Whether the®' so or not-whether Sir Julius Vogel is m,® the language which the shipping compS sometimes put on the back of their r>2 forms when enumerating the disastersZ will not beanswerable for,or whether theC, gentleman is speaking after the manner «l the Californiahs, Who sometimes bring in f verdict "'Died by the Visitation of God» though the victim Was in reality killed bv« revolveV sbot-we shall simply remark that the hon. gentleman has borne his i« firmity with remarkable courage .IS that if bis temper is now ' givin_ way he should be gently dealt *ith But the scene was his own producing Whv did he keep on trying to tell the member opposite that he Was no gentleman, and when the Speaker interfered, how could he be so unworldly wise as to say right out that he was a stricken man among a company of drunkards? No Hottsecan be expected to be tender and patient with a member who takes away its reputation tor sobriety. And sweeping charges on the face of tbem cannot be true. Nor was the charge any answer to the fact brought oat by inquiry which led to the scene—viz., that Sir .Tulins Vogel was employing public ser vants for private purposes. " Was it fair," he is reported by one of the papers to have asked, "that he should be insulted on account of his infirmity, which was the act of God, while it had been the case that hon. members had used the services of messengers when in a condition brought about by the act of the devil and the lust for liquor?" And he not only said this, but he also spoke of "a high officer of the House having been obliged to sign the pledge before his recent re-election to the office he held, and deposit his resignation in the hands of the Government to be accepted if the pledge was broken." Here his temper had so far got the better oi him that he. was showing someone up for having reformed. The House, taking time to cool down, let off Sir Julius Vogel, who had refused to obey the Speaker, with mild censure. We cannot understand from the reports why the ex-Treasurer Bhould have obliged the House to enter a resolution on its records, for, as an experienced politician, he should have known that in public life a blunder is worse than a crime; yet, for a week after the scene occurred, he was still at boiling point, and the cable messages do not report his having cooled down at this date. In this colony, we have become 60 inured to Bcenes in Parliament that they form part of our daily amusement, and the members who enact them meet next morning, like actors who have quarrelled for dramatic pur poses on the stage, not a whit lowered (strange to say) in each other's estimation. The nsage in tome, if not all, the colonies is to allow ex-members of Parliament eiitrte for life to the library and the refreshment rooms ; but Mr. Pat. PerkinB, of Queensland, an ex-Minister as well as an ex-member, insists on wearing bis hat in the strangers .Tailors, to indicate that be formerly sat ; the elect He created quite a die ice in Brisbane last week. The Oppo ieaders, with whom he acted an nnrighteooB Elections Committee ed him of his seat, argued with Mr. is in vain. He declined to be argued neither wonld he be enticed, like a boy, into withdrawing from the gallery ve a make-believe talk on importo 188 with "someone waiting outside. erkins1 said he " wasn't a baby to be iced in that manner." In fact, inga great principle, and beingastai* nan, felt bonnd to see the thing out e would be Bitting there until now, i 1 it been pointed outtchim that the clear the galteries, to get rid oi hisobnoxw vould have robbed a large "n angers who were content to si • or one pie≻ ui uLU.ue kins takes an erroneous view of the n. It does not improve the appear a member of Parliament or of any (se (except a lady) to wear a hat " Hats are a protection against the dements—wind, rain, and bail, or the teat of- the Brisbane summer sua herefore are made to be worn in seV at.garden parties, Ac. In a I they are an anomaly, and the oi sitting with a tali hat on in the ve chamber wonld be regarded as an tnacy, if followed by one or two mem y- The-reputation of the House is f all beharing strangely alike. There ——»«-*!««i oronment in favour of rith your hat on in the ?outodropoff to sleep g remarked. Thus John it over hte eyes for no other p the Honse of Commons, and it if-he had not slept mos ^ ideal life would fcftV« *"e ntiDg c-Mtolsterhw «o excuse fo^ u ileep-in the etrar^era g h a ie should go home toW & diTi. cannot do who is secure for rwbttiwonWlb.p«^Sifbe mi aMtntedonfore^^ wo0id ff00ld attend Parliament on purpose to eye] hia cwioisly, though the nearest would edge I .»nr to a safe distance. j The intrigues which have evidently been j curied on for some time past in France have j liggn successful, and President Grdvy hasj i-pn compelled to retire through sheer in- j i form a Ministry of any kind. The 4" ***• wHtnnttn 1 jbi'ity to for® plunged into an unknown Republic is at once p'""6__ ^.,.^ nf Frftn<,h public is at oin*t"»"» gy, 0f troubles, and the instability of French J institutions and the unfitness of the French] character for constitutional government is] coca more convincingly demonstrated. The position of the President has been that -f one standing aloof from parties, and ' tn^jtianpA! of,° to exercise a restraining influence 8 extreme men of every political com-j CXtre ...... tti.tnf t mnati. upon extreme — pieiion—in fact, as near to that of aconsti tutional sovereign as circumstances will] alios?. Be has, moreover, been the one! stable element of the constitution. The Ministry might be changed every few months, | hat the President remained unchanged and irremovable. The French, however, have] done all in their power to destroy this advan ce which the llepublic started with. President MacMahon was not allowed to complete his term of office^ and now | his successor has been boyootted into re-, 1 - ha hjg BUCCtwoui ... _ signing in less tb&n; two years after hei had been elected for a second term. There « Moonn for thn too to be no valid reason for the j change. President Grdvy has neyerbeen change. "i»~— — - accused of disloyalty to the constitution or j to France. No charge of corruption has ererbeen brought against him. During all; 1 " AAtinaAfinn the Btir that has been raised in connection] tDe BUI tuan — vith the supposed malpractices of his son-in-law, M. Daniel Wilson, no suggestion ' has been made that the President has, in any pay, abused bis position for his own ag- ] gtandisement. Yet all at once it becomes ap parent tbat a combination has been formed { in the Legislature to compel the President to j retire. The reasons for such a step are at present unknown, but probably it will be found that a variety of motives has led the j different political parties to agree npon a j common course of action. Of the numerous j pretenders to supremacy in France, whether j Bonrbou, or Bonaparte, or Boulanger, each j has his own game to play, and a general j unsettling of the political situation may seem I to offer the best chance for all. If also there is a party desirous of adopting a more vigorous foreign policy than has hitherto been followed, the removal of President Grevy, a man of peace and moderation, may j seem a necessary step towards the realisation | of their desire But whatever may be the I motives that have led to this latest move, it is one of evil omen tor the future ot re- i publican institutions in France, as it seems j to show tbat no party or person, however well be may have served the state, can hope ! long to retain the support of the French; people, or, at any rate, of those whom the j people elect to carry out their wishes. The present position of the Unionist Libe rals among the English political parties is very well stated by Mr. Edward Dicey in the October number of the Nineteenth Century. Himself a staunch Unionist, and only a few years ago a Liberal, his sympathies are na turally with Lord Hartington and his fol lowers ; but he does not disguise from himself the fact that their p isition is a weak, and, in many respects, a false one. The original idea of Lord Hartington and the Unionist Liberal leaders was that by giving a temporary support to the Conservatives they could pre vent the separatist policy of Mr. Gladstone from being carried out, and that in the couree of time the rank and file of the Liberal party wonld abandon the alliance with the Par nellites and rejoin the Unionist section of the party, which included, with one or two ex ceptions, all its ablest and most influential members. But the course of events during the last year and a half has falsified this belief At the present moment, ao far from the followers of Mr. Gladstone showing any disposition to abandon Home Rule, unless the recently reported resignation of the mem ber for Dundee is regarded as en exception, not one of them has been convgtted to the Unionist policy, while on the other hand the Unionists have not only lost four seats at recent bye-elections, but several of their number, including Sir George Trevelyan, have gone over to the Home Rulers. The Unionist party as & whole have distinctly lost ground since the last general election, and in Mr. Dicey'a opinion will probablv continue to do bo unless there is a changein-the position .and attitude of the Unionist Liberals towards the Conservatives. He considers that the only Bound policy for Lord Hartington. and bis followers is to join with Lordfialisbury in the formation of a strong Ministry, the-object of which should be to maintain the nnion aud to carry ont such measures of refornraa are not of a revolutionary character. When the Uoaaervative Ministry was formed in July year, certain reasons .were adduced which in the opinion of the Unionist Liberate rendered it advisable for them to remain out Ms the Ministry while giving it their cordial npport These were substantially as fob ""j®Piwtly, that the Liberal Unionists r"4 wnder more effective support to the 1ment by remaining outside; secondly, ! -i^ constituencies which had returned '. taf Unionists would not return them th» V ^ 0Pen,Jr allied themselves with Conservatives; thirdly, that a formal »|. °n mu8t lead to a split between the iW S Md the Radio*1 Unionists; fourthly, BM+. °*the Liberal Unionist w^ .W?i , ot ®nDP°rt their leaders if they amw l -u upon *° wote for Conservatives as L ; ^ ftithly, that ihe Liberal demnJII?- Linevitftb'y oeeume a distinctly by Rtacttt Hit were not restrained Wh0 . presence of those moderate Liberals Uniont X® the Liberal very liwu* Dicey contends that tbersis in ** * there .reasons, Liberal. 4^ :pre*°®1 attitude Of the Unionist thw. v. aving failed to save both them and allies: fppm, a Recline in [vejv necessary if (he union is to be preserved and the Unionist Liberals are not to be extin guished as a party at the next general elec tions. Any attempt to set up a third party separate from thetwo main political organi sations is, he think", doomed to failure, and the Unionist Liberals will sooner or later have to make up their minds to join either the Gladstone-cum-Parnell Radical party or the Conservatives, from whom they are divided by a very narrow boundary line. There is a scientific commission inquiring, by the authority of the University of Phila delphia (in which a chair of philosophy has been endowed for the purpose), into the bo called phenomena of spiritualism; and a re port of the results which have been obtained during the lastfour years has lately appeared. Spiritualism, as tested by the commissioners, who have had a great variety of mediums performing for them, resolves itself simply into very cleverly-executed conjuring in the presence of believers who are only too willing to believe. The world contains superstitious beyond computation, and there is nothing unprecedented in the vitality of spiritualism. It does not tax one's credulity much more than Mormonism, which flourishes in Bpite of the efforts of the civil authority to put it down and of the people at large to laugh it out of existence. Spiritualism must have its day, like other im postures, and while it lives the medium finds bis calling profitable. His tricks are diffi cult to expose, because they are generally, if not invariably, done when the lights are turned down. This predilection which the spirits show for darkness rather than light ought of itself to cause suspicion, but it does not. The absence of th&$ght awakens a pleasing sense of mystery,' You can never tell a ghost story effectively in the broad sun light. It goes off best by tbe fireside, witli the lamp turned down and the candles out An amusing phase of the question is the dis credit tbe mediums bear among each other. "It was difficult to find any whose honesty was unimpeached by the fraternity; one who had been highly recommended as the best of bis class was denounced 'as a liar and a thief.'" The commissioners bestowed some attention on " Dr." Slade, who appears to be doing better business in the States than in England, where he was successfully exposed in the police court Slade's specialty is writing on slates—or rather pretending to exhibit writing which has been done by the Bpirits for him. The trick is performed in two ways. Either the slate is written on beforehand, in which case the writing is good, and one slate is substituted for the other at the stance, when no one is supposed to be looking, or the medium does the writing under the table, or anywhere out of sight, producing an illegible scrawl through having to write under diffi culties. One medium was detected at the work through one of the commissioners hitting on the happy expedient of holding a pocket mirror under the table. It is too much to hope that the publication of the report will have immediate effect, because spiritualism, even though it is all humbug, appears to satisfy a little-under stood, human craving for intercourse with " the unseen world," and upon this craving unscrupulous but clever persons live and Sourish among all nations. 