THE NOVELIST. SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Macleod of Due," " A Princess of Thole," fie. CHAPTER V. sra irRmcnTon's wat/ww. Naturally Janie Wygram regarded with anything but favour the young man who waa thus churning so mnch of her DeloTed Sabie'a attention; and her jealousy of him made her all the more determined that sabina should go to Walter Lindsay's party. " But why should I go?" Sabina said, quite good naturedly. "Some people are inte rested in such things, but I am not. Stand ing abont among a lot of half- strangers, and trying to talk about things that are quite indifferent to you" "Oh, but Sabie, you don't know," her friend said. "It's not like that at Mr. Lindsay's. They're small parties, and there's no one asked who isn't either clever or pretty or i remarkable in some way, and there is every kind of freedom and amusement and merriment. You will find no old people there at all, except mother, who is to play duenna for all of us." " No, no, Janie," Sabina said. " I should most likely be tired by that time of night, and you wouldn't want a kill-joy to come in among a lot of young folks amusing them selves." " But you can't help going, Sabie, dear," her friend scud insidiously. " Indeed. And why ?" "Not when I tell you that you will confer a great kindnesB on several people, and on two in particular. That is enough reason for you, Sabie." Sabina laughed; it was a dexterous piece of flattery. " But who are the two people in particular?" she asked. "Mr. Lindsay is the one, and I am the other." "Then|I will go to please you," Sabina said, in her frank and generous way; and forth with the glad-hearted Janie made swiftly for her own room to send a little note to Mr. LindBay, informing him of the joyful news. As the eventful evening drew near the little Mrs. Wygram assumed a more and more important air; for she had undertaken to superintend the domestic arrangements for the young artist; and she was in all his secrets; and very earnest were their con fabulations together. But one afternoon she came home lookiug ratber puzzled.! " Jamie," she said to her daughter, " what is it about a falcon ?" " What falcon, mother ?" " I don't understand at all, but twice to day he haB said the same thing. You see I was remonstrating with him about his extravagance; and really the way he is going on is absurd. Oh, I assure you, there is nothing in Covent Garden half good enough; I believe he would telegraph to the Brazils if there was time to get back the things. Well, I was saying how absurd it was, and that people did not expect such entertainments at a bachelor's house; and then it was he said ' I wish there was nothing left but my faloon.' And then again he said—' But when is the faicon to be brought in ?' And when I asked him what falcon.ne only laughed and turned to something else." Mother, cried Janie, " don't you know? Don't you know the old Italian story ?" The mother looked as puzzled as ever. " Why. it has been told a hundred times. It was about a young gentleman of Florence who wasted all his wealth in giving enter tainments to please his lady-love; but she did not care for him; she married some one else; and he went away into the country, very poor, and having nothing left him but his pet faicon. Then by-and-by she became a widow; and she was living in the country, too; and her little boy fell sick, and nothing would do but that he must have the falcon that he had seen flying over the neighbouring garden. So she went with another lady to the house, and there was her former lover, and he was greatly distressed that there was nothing in the house he could have cooked for them, for she had said that she would eat some thing. Do you understand now, mother ? He bade his servant go quickly and strangle the falcon—the last of all his possessions— and that was cooked and brought in and set before them. And then, of course, when the lady made her request about the falcon, he had to confess what he had done in order to entertain her; and she was so much struck by his generosity that she fell in love with him, and married him. Have you never heard the story? The young gentleman's name was Federigo; and the lady'B Monna Giovanna. And you may be sure that was what Mr. Lindsay meant, mother; and very certain I am that he would be content to part with everything he has. and to sacrifice pet falcon and everything else, if that would only win him his Monna Giovanna." " And who may she be?" the mother said, demurely. " Oh. of course you don't know, mother! It would never enter your head—not for a moment—that it was our Sabie who is Mr. Lindsay's Monna Giovanna?" " What fools men are!" the mother sighed. " Tbey may or they may not he; I don't know," the daughter said valiantly, " but I do know that if I were a man I should con sider myself a fool if I were not in love with Sabie. And at length the great evening arrived; and everything had been done that the most anxious consideration could think of; and all I that was wanting now was the presence of j Sabina to irradiate the feast. As a matter of fact, she and Mrs. Wygram and Janie came rather late; all the others had assembled, and were idling away the time in the studio, laughing and joking and examining the sketches; but Walter Lindsay was in front of the house, by himself, and rather nervously waiting. Then there was the noise of a cab; the gatebell was rung; and the next moment he was outside and down through the little garden, just in time to receive them. This ] was rather a dusky thoroughfare; and the yellow gaslampB gave but little relief; but it seemed to him that when Sabina stepped out on to the pavement—so tall and queenly she ! was, and yet with such a frank and generous food-nature in her face—that there was some ind of moonlight around. He had eyes only j for her; he was a little bewildered; she seemed something radiant—here in the dusk. " It iB very kind of you to come," he said; but he did not know what he was saying. He accompanied them into the house. Could this beautiful creature know how great a.favour she was conferring by merely stepping within the door? And she smiled so graciously on the little maid who asked them to go into the improvised cloak-room. Did she know that that, too, waBa kindness ? —that she could so easily make friends with her winning looks and her gentle manner? But at this moment Janie Wygram huDg back from her companions: and said to him, in a half whisper :— " Is the falcon being cooked ?" " There is no such luck for me," said he ; | and then he added quickly: "But do yow think, now, that Miss Zembra could be pre vailed upon to take away some little thing as a souvenir? There are all kind of things in this etndio. If yon found her interested in any of them could you give me a hint? Anything,. no matter what, anything in the house." "I don't know," said Miss Janie; but she could not add another word then, for she had to follow her companions into the cloakroom. Forthwith he sent word to have supper served as soon as possible; and when these new guests reappeared he would have them remain in the drawing-room. He seemed to forget the others whom he had left in the studio. It was Sabina whom he wanted to look at these sketches, and medallions, and minatures, and what not; and so anxious was he to interest her, and so strangely did . the magic of her presence affect him that hi* fingers were not so steady as they might have - been. " Why, yonr hand shakes," she said (for she was rather blunt spoken on occasion). " What is it? Too much Arts Club at mid night?" It was a cruel speech, though it was not meant ornelly. How could he explain to her what it was that made his hand a trifle un steady ? Or how oonld he say to her that he would willingly never enter within the doore •f the Arts Club again if she bnt expressed the slightest whh on the subject ? "But your other friends, Mr. Lindsay?" said Mrs. Wygram, who considered herself responsible for the proper conduct of the proceedinge. "Should we not go into the studio?" "Oh, no," said he. "They're all right. Borella is there; he will keep them lively enough." In fact, they could hear thesonnd of a piano in the distance. " That is another - thing I wanted to warn you about,. Miss Janie. Don't you keep insisting un encores. Borella is the best fellow in the world, bat he is rather noisy, and he likes to monopolize-: the piano. Now when he wants to go, let him go; and then we shall have a nioe quiet evening by ourselves." Of course Miss Janis kcew very well itwaa about Sabina he was thinking; perhaps she might not like too hilarious an evening, for there wbb something grave and serious in her manner, even with all its gracious sweetness. Then came the bntler (he was a butler only at night; by day be was an old man model, and favourably known throughont the studios for his prominent nose and shaggy eyebrows ; it should be said, more over, that his ability in both capacities was marked, and that he conld decant a bottle of port juet as well as he could pose as an ancient Highland cateran, or a scowling miser, or a emiliDg grandpapa) to say that supper was served, and Mr. Lindsay escorted these three gueBts into the dining-room. It was a clever little scheme. " Miss Zembra," said he. " will you take this seat, if you please? Mrs. Wygram has been so kind as to offer to take the other end of the table—she can see that things are going on rightly — and — and the aervants understand"— It was a clever little scheme; for now* without fear of any mistake, Miss Zembra would be seated next him, and ou his right hand also, and there awaiting her waa the bouquet he had himself designed for her j while Mrs. Wygram, instead of being annoyed at not finding herself in the place of honour, considered hereelf promoted to the position of mistresB of the feast. Janie Wygram smiled to herself, but said nothing ana with a light heart Walter Lindsay went away to summon his other guests from the studio. It was a pretty scene at that supper-table when they had all come in and taken their places—the shining silver and the Venetian glass; the shaded candles shedding a soft roseate glow on the cover; the abundant flowers; the baskets of fruit; the faces of the young men and maidens growing blither as the talk became more and more animated. A nd if there was a trifle too much noise in the neighbourhood of the black-a-vieed bari tone—who was telling very, very old Btories in half-intelligible English, and laughing bois terously at the same—well, that waa all the more convenient for any of the quieter folk, who perhaps had their own little sentences (timid, and hesitating, and hardly daring to say all that might be said) to communicate to each other in their small, separate seta. Walter Lindsay was not sorry to be able to mnrmur a word or two unheard by the general crowd; even if there was no par ticular secret to be conveyed, it was some thing that he could speak to Sabina, as it were, alone. And then she was looking so beautiful this evening—so calm, and bland, and complaisant; and the gracious outline of her neck, as she bent forward a little to listen, was something to steal one's heart away. Her stepmother bad said she was a dowdy in her dress. Well, on ordinary buay days she generally wore a tight-fitting gown of brownish-grey homespun, with a jacket to match; ana her brown felt bonnet was service able enough; and if you had met her iu Ken sington High-street, or in Cromwell-road, yon would have thought little of the costume, though perhaps her stature, and her gait, and the set of her head might have attracted a brief notice. But to-night there waa naturally something different. She wore a dress of pale bine Indian silk, with a fichu of faintly yellow lace coming round the neek and bosom; and for sole ornament, where the fichu met the gown, there was a bunch of real forget-me-nots. Walter Lindsay looked at these from time to time. What falcon wonld he not have sacrificed to gain posses sion of any one of them ? And yet he had a little score to settle with her. If any other person had told him that he bad a shaky hand, he would not have heeded much; besides such was not the case, for, although he had the artist's tem perament, and was exceedingly sensitive in many ways, his nerves were as sound as a bell. But that Sabina should have tannted him wbb too bad; and her reference to the Arts Club 1 " Miss Zembra," he made bold to say (bat still in that undertone that he seemed to prefer), " what did you mean by saying that my hand shook ?" "Did I?" she said, and she looked up. And then something in his manner appeared to amuse her. "If I hurt your feelingB I am veiy sorry." ,rWhat did you mean by too mnoh Arts Clnb at midnight ?" said he, tor he was de termined to clear himself of the charge. " I am a hospital nnrse on occasion," she said, laughing. "I suppose I gpoke pro fessionally. Bnt really I did not mean any thing serious, Mr. Lindsay—oh, of course, not. "Ob, but I'm going to have it out with yon," said he. "I want just to see whether yon or I bave the steadier hand " " No, no ; if I apologize to yon " " But I want to see. Now just you lift yonr wine-glass and I will hold up mine, and we will see who can let them come closest without actually touching." Well, she was good natnred; they went through that little nerformance; and certainly both their hands now seemed steady enough. "Can I do more than apologize?" she said, as she pat down her glass again, flil not mean to offend yon." " Offend me 1" He looked at her; that was 1 all. I Meanwhile, the robnst baritone bad 1 chanced to catch sight of that raising of .glasses, and imagining that it was merely the revival of an old custom, he set to work at his end of the table, and presently there was a good deal of drinking of healths and clink ing of glasses, with even an occasional ""Slosst an .'—Bttzt an l—fertig !—4os» t" It] was in the midst of this hnbbub of chatter and merriment that Mrs. Wygram found an opportunity of saying to her daughter, who happened to sit next her, "Janie, don't look up the table, bnt do yon know what is going on? I can tell yon. Are yon aware that yonr darling Sabine is showing herself as nothing else than an .outrageous flirt ?" "She is not, mother?" Janie said, indig nantly, *'She doesn't know what flirtation is 1" "It's a remarkable good imitation,of it, then, that is going on np there," said the little old lady, still with her eyes cast down. "I've never Been anything worse anywhere. Why, Mr. LindBay has not Baid a word to a soul since we sat down to supper; he has eyes and ears for nobody but her 1 "And whose fault is that?" said Janie; " that iB his fault, not hers. Of course, she is kind to him, as she would be to any one sitting in his place. It's little yon know about Sabie if you think that of her." " I can use my eyes," said Mrs. Wygram, " and they're older than yours, my girl." " Yon know yon're only saying that to vex ■me, mother; and you can't do it. No, yon can't; I know Sabie better than that." "At all events," the mother said, to olose this underhand discussion, "at all events, j Mr. Lindsay is having one happy evening in his life." Nor was Mrs. Wygram the only one who was casually observant of what was going on at the npper end of the table. A tall, rather good-looking fellow—a reoently elected Aseo •ciate he wbb, and very prond of bis new .honours—said to his neighbour, who was a lively little maiden with a roseate face, a piquant nose, and raven-black hair " Who is the lady of the forget-me-nots?" She glanced op the table, "Oh, don't yon know? That is Miss .Zembra—a daughter of Sir Anthony Zembra —the Parliament man, don't yon know? Pretty, isn't she ?" "How long have Walter Lindsay and she known each other?" he asked. There was some kind of significance in his tons. "I think for some time," said his com panion. " But I believe she has never been in his house before. She doesn't care for such things—nursing babies and old women is more in her line. It's all very well if they wonld only wash their faces." " Oh, they've known each other for some time ?" " I believe so." "Oh, they've known each other for some time?" What did he mean by this repetition? What be was trying to do, at all events, was to get his companion to raise her eyes to I his, to ask what his meaning was; but she 1 was a shrewd little lass, ana knew better -than to be drawn into any such understand ing. " Well, I suppose it's none of my business," lie said, finally; and that was a very sensible conclusion. And now did Walter Lindsay call down the blessings of heaven on Borella's wildly matted head; for the noiBy baritone had taken to performing conjuring trickB, and the attention of every_ one at the _ table was -directed towards him. And Sabina wished to look on also, for she loved amusement as well as any one when the chance was there; but her companion would not let her. He was sure she had had no supper at all. A little more wine, then? for she seemed to like the perfume of that golden-clear vino di j Capri, fie was bo sorry she had had no supper. It was a shame that she had come to nishouse merely to be Btarved; perhaps she would never come again after such treat ment? Some fruit, then, jnst to show that | she had not been quite neglected ? Not a slice of pine-apple, nor half-a-dozen grapes, even? Gome strawberries, then? " Grapes and strawberries in the middle of ] March?" sbe said, with a smile. " Really, it ie perfectly wicked." And then there was on'his^lips some wild reference to Ser Federigo'e envied happiness in the destruction of his falcon; but fortu nately he did not go so far; he contented himself with engrossing her attention so that she could not see any of the conjuring, and fie would have her tell him more of her experiences among the mudlarks down Lambeth way. Were they all so cynical? And not so grateful to her as they might be? Was she not afraid of having her pookets picked ? And that one of them who was her champion and chief confidant—could he be found out now by a stranger ? Would he like to have a good, substantial, midday dinner given him, and thereafter a boat that he might sail on the ponds in Battersea Park, i supposing that such an amusement were permitted? Well, Sabina had a generous faonlty of being pleased with whomsoever was talking to her for the moment; and he was her host, moreover, and all the others were occupied with their own affairs; so she had leisure to tell him about these and other things. And even the glamour of her clear soft hazel eyes was working him farther and further woe. Her rounded white arms were near him; the dimple in her cheek showed ! when she laughed; her beautiful brown hair was still more beautifnl in the softened light. TJut these things were bb nothing. It was her eyes he sought; and theBe were so friendly, and pleased, and benignant that who wonld have accused them of working him woe ? Nor did ha care, fie drank the sweet madneBS, the fell poison, without stint, and recklessly and joyously; this night was to be at least one happy night in his life; he had Sabie all to himself—and he was drink ing in her pleased glances and her smiles as if they were strong wine: the yearn to come, whatever there might be in them, oouid never deprive him of that gold-and- rose-tinted memory. At length the conjuring came to an end, and it was Herr Borella himself who sug gested that they shonld go away into the stndio to have a little mnsic; he had to leave soon, he explained. Ana then there | was a fetching of wrapB for the women folk, and somehow Walter Lindsay managed to secure Sabina's long fnr cloak, and he it was who put it ronnd her shoulders, and wonld -even insist that it was properly fastened at the throat, for the night was cold. When they went outside into the back garden, at the farther end of which was the studio, they found that the night skies had grown clearer, and stars were shining palely over head. Sabina thought of the dark early morning in East London, and of her crossing j from the nurse's dormitory to the wards— she was a little grave as the ghost like pro cession passed along from the house, through this weird gloom, to the yellow light of the studio door. All within there, however, was brightness; the gases and candles lit; the fire horning briskly; the piano open: plenty of music scattered everywhere. - The great baritone set to work at once; he was frank enough. He gang them " O an, mein holder Abend Btern," from Tannhanser—a young lady in spectacles accompanying- him; ana then he himself sat down at the piano, and sang— Fern in die Welt, Welt, velt von dir. gtrablet dein Blld Tief, fief in mlr. One would scarcely have expected a man who had been so boisterous and uproarious at supper to sing with so muoh feeling; but the quality of his art was very fine indeed; more than one young woman there was rather lnmpy about the throat when he finished. Then, after he had sung one or two more things, and bade such as he knew good night, and Tit a big cigar, and gone away, the young folks began on their own account; and as there happened to be lying open a yolume of old-fashioned glees ana madrigals and duets, they were soon in the midst of theae. It was a careless, happy-go-lucky seriea of performances; when they broke down, they turned over the page to the next one; sometimes a newcomer wonld stroll along and give them a helping hand, But the young lady in speotacles knew her busi ness at all events; and so in one way or another they [got along with laughter and jeBtB thrown in. Now it was "Foresters, sound the (cheerful horn," or "The chough and crow to roost are gone," or "Here's a health to all good lasses," and " Hark, the bonny Christ Church bellSj" or again it was " Chloe fonnd Amyntas lying," or "Sigh no more, ladles; ladles, sigh no more. Men were deceivers ever." All this while Walter Lindsay was seated on a sofa with Sabina as his soleoompanion. On coming .into the studio he had perforoe paid a little attention to his other gneats; but once he had got them fairly startedon this occupation, he Had gone back to her—how could he help it? And Sabina sat and listened, her hands folded, her eyes pleased; she had the air of one looking on, rather than of one participating; but sorely it was with no unkindly regard. - " How pretty that is!" she said, rather wistfully, on one occasion. The tall young Associate was at the piano; and it was his neighbour at supper who had now taken the place of the spectacled young lady; and be w&b; bending over the aocom p&uist;, so that their heads were very near together—his a fair oheannt brown, hem raven black. And they were singing—with a careless bass thrown in by a gentleman Btanding opposite the fire :— " Tell me shepherds have yon seen My Flora pass this way." " Yes, it is a pretty air," Walter Lindsay said. "Ah, but I did not mean that," Sabina said, in her low voice. "It is the picture that looks so (pretty—the two young people together—and singing"— And why, asked Lindsay of himself, should she look and speak so wistfully ? WaB she not herself young and more beautiful than any? Was she to be for ever a spectator? Did she regard herself as one out off from the amusements, the associations, the hopes of young people ? And where was the need of any such sacrifice ? " Tell me," warbled the young lady at the piano—" Tell me P' roared the basso at the fireplace—" Shepherds, have you seen," etruck in the young Aesociate, who had a very fair tenor voice: but Lindsay did not heed them; he was thinking of Sabina, and of ber way of life, and of her future. And if he wbb bold enough to consider how easy it would be for ber to give him one of those forget-me-nots ? Well, if that wild fancy crossed his mind, it was but for a moment. He was far away from that; and he knew it. But why should i he fret? Sabina was here, and by his side; and Bhe was blaDd and smiling ana kind; and ever he drank fresh draughts of bewildering gladness and madness from the shining I beauty of her eyeB. By this time the black-haired maiden at the piano had had enough of duets and glees. "Go and get up adance,"ahe said, in her imperative way, to her companion, and as the young painter dutifully obeyed she began to play the slowaud graciouB music of a minuet. However it was no minuet that was in the young lady's mind. She only wished in that way to introduoe the idea of dancing. As soon as the easels and chairs and couches had been removed, and the young men were choosing their partners, she started off with "Sir Soger ae Coverley," and that at a rattling pace. "Will you join them?" Walter Lindsay said to his companion. " I think I would rather look on," Sabina answered, *' Then give me the dance, and we will sit it out together," said he. She nodded and smiled; that was more to her liking. " Will you give me them all on the same terms ?" said he quickly. " I don't wish to dence." But she did not answer this; she was look ing on with interest at the formation of the two long lines. And so Lindsay and this fell enchantress weie left together again; and as the wild romp in the middle of the floor went on, he was telling ber all abont his work and his plans for the Bummer (in answer to her ques tions, of course), and he was describing to her the secret eylvan haunts he knew, and the remote little inns he stayed at, and so forth; and as all this naturally led up to his drawings and sketches, he took her away { into a corner to Bhow her a big portfolio of these. And meanwhile he was forming a dark deBign in biB brain. When the " Sir Roger de Coverley" ended he withdrew from her side for a moment. " Percy," be said to the tall yonng painter, " get up a cotillon." "Don't know how." "Ob, yes you do," was the hurried re joinder. "Anybody will show you. Do, like a good fellow—and look sharp !" And then he was back at her side again. Now, in the oomer where the portfolio was, there stood a triangular Chippendale cabinet, filled with the various kinds of brie d brae ; and amongst these—and the gem of the col lection—was a small ohalioe of rock crystal, elaborately studded round with unont stones of diverse colours. In itself it was a most beautiful thing; besides which it was obviously of great age and value. Sabina was looking in at these shelves with a woman's curiosity. " Do you know what that dance is?" he asked of her. She glanoed over her shoulder carelessly. " No." " It is a cotillon," said he, rather breath lessly. " And you gave it me, you know." " Did I ?" said she, with something of an amneed look. What conld it matter whether she had made this useless promise or not ? " Oh, yes, _ yon did," he said, eagerly. " We are in it, if we choose. And do you know what the peculiarity of this dance is ? —that yon are allowed'to make your partner a little present. Oh, I assure you itia so und—and this is what I want you to accept from me." He opened the cabinet, and took out the jewel-bestndded wine cnp. Sabina rather Bhrank back. " Oh, no; oh, no," she said. " You are J very kind—but—bat I have no place to keep such things; besides, I could not take it, Mr. . Lindsay, please be kind enough not to ask j me." . Her eyes were earnest; and they conld make him da anything. Bat he was uu satisfied, and anxious, and a little bit recklesB, perhaps, "Then if yoa will not take, will yon give?" he made bold to say, but under has breath. "Miss Janie savs that is more in yonrway. And if I ask a favour of yon ? Ton will take this little cup? Well, you could make it thirty times more valuable to me if you would drink something out of it. Will you ?" She looked surprised; but not offended; she did not quite understand. "Why, what difference will that make?" she said. But before she had finished the words he had gone away over to a little buffet that Mib. Wygram was improvising for the ' dancers, and the next moment he had returned with a bottle of wine in his hand. He poured a little of the foaming fluid into the chalice and offered it to her. ' "Is it a ceremony ?" Sabina asked, with a smile, and she took the ohalice from him. : " Yes, it is part of the dance," he answered,! glad ot any excuse that would obtain for him this gracious favour. "Do I say anything?" Do I Irish any thing?" Sabina asked. "1 will do the wishing," be answered, quickly; and then she raised the wine cap to her lips and drank a little, and then cave it j back to him. He conld only look his thanks. Mrs. Wygram's eyes had followed him across the room, "And what do you think of yoar Sabie now?" she exolaimed to her daughter, who was assisting her. " Just the same as ever—why ?" was J anie's answer. " Fob did not see what she did just now ?" "No." " Well, then, I'll tell you; she drank out of that crystal wine cnp, just to please him, I suppose, and he put it back in the cabinet!" "And wlw shouldn't she," said Janie, bravely. " To please him ?—very welL She would do that or anything else to pleaBS any man, woman, or child who happened to be there. Mother, what has set yon all of a sudden against Sabie ? Yon know it'B just her universal kindness." " Kindness!" said the mother, with a gentle sarcasm. " Perhaps it is. Bat I have never seen a more abominable piece of flirta tion in all my horn days." And with that she went to bid the model butler bring some more lemonade and seltzer water, for the yonng lady at the piano had began to play a I wild Highland schottische, and Mrs. Wygram had enough experience of theBe scratch parties to know what that meant. They kept np the merry-making to a very early hour indeed; bnt after Sabina and the Wygrams had taken their departnre, Lind say did not seem to heed muoh what was going forward. And at last he was leit alone —in this big studio—with the disjecta, membra of the revels all around him, and he sat down to think over everything that had happened daring that eventful evening, even to the smallest details wherever Sabina had been concerned. And so Ser Federigo had not sacrificed his falcon after all, though his offer of the jewelled chalice was a little tentative effort in that direction. No; so far from his being poorer by her coming to the house he was ever so much the richer; that waB like Sabina, as the faithful Janie would have maintained. The whole of this big stndio eeemsd saturated with the charm and wonder I of her presence. Here she had sat, her hands folded in her lap. talking to him in her softly modulated voice; there she had stood, her beautiinl neok bent over the drawings and sketches, her praise and admiration frank and ready enough. It was by the side of that easel she had taken the wine cup—now a hundred timea more precious to him than it had been before— into her gentle hand, and raised it and touched the rim with her proudly out lips, and given it him back with so gracious a smile. He was beginning to nnderstand her now. If you said " Take 1" her answer was "No;" if you said "Give!" her answer was " Yes." But all through these visions and recalling of visions it was her eyes that chiefly he saw; and they were regarding him somehow, and always they were pleased, and generous, and benignant towards him. He made no effort to banish the memory of that look. 