MARK TWAIN'S VERSION OF "HAMLET." Tiib above talented author has put: .: forth -a .revised edition of the tragedy of "Hamlet." According to Twain's idea, .'' Hamlet," as.it .came from the pen of Shakespeare, was' incomplete. . Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric' tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the family of a more Bprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious arguments "We find in the'Histor.y oLEnglarid' "and Paris adjacent pages, 4, 11, 44, \- Vol. II, the following: letter from the King of Denmark to Tom Sayers, an old friend of his : — Dear. Tom— Those hair-stuffed box ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who ran the Express 'Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order- — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and melancholy disposition,' takes very little stock in the gloves, as a. blo.w - on the nose only serves to increase his melancholy. Thus I have given ye. gloves to Billy my second born who- is as lively as a cricket on his pins, and: a, jovial lad withal, -who takes;;: kindly to ye manly sport of boxing.' Yesterday he thumped .his teacher '.lho'iit.' soundly on ye bugle, fo'r which I re warded him by giving him a silver- mounted ' wassail bowl filled"to the uppermost brim -with good brown ale. . . If you make your match With ' Crabble let me know, and send a couple of tickets for seats pretty close ' to the ropes. If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the (Sub-treasury thrown in is Yours truly, . -Claudius, . King of Denmark." Prom this historical scrap Mr. : Clemens (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct- the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare had. no license— poetical or otherwise- — to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. .. Twain Continues:— "Other, letters from the King to Sayers, now in my pissession, being kindly loaned me by the British Museum, go to show that . Shake- . speare had a grudge against Billy, the' younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that lie never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers placed: in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the .poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where lie appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his Wholesome brother.' The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously ailow these gross historical mistakes to pass uncorrected." » » THE PLAY. _ In his revised version Twain takes ' liberties with the original text, which : strongly reminds one of Boucicault adapting a. French drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcelhis and Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out 'Of a little black bottle ; but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. # The guards then leave William to. himself, and after they had disappear- : ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. - He then slips away, and In a. side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself with mosquito netting, making up as -a ghost. As soon as his arrangements, are complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out; in the side - : scenes, where he goes to hide his : merriment at the success of his trick. ' .. f .# When Horatio is telling Hamlet of ,. the . apparition . William, listens, with liis .mouiih wide open,, apparently ransfixed with fear ; lint after they are gone he turns to Hamlet \vib\i ... , " Hamlet, do you swallow all this'?" ' Don't you knovy, all these 'fellows are .as crazy as bed-bugs? Do you sup- ; pose the old man would walk around this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of . armour ? Besides, a ghost -ain't cap able of packing armour around. Why, the last few years lie wasn't hardly 'able to waddle": about in that one-hundred-and-ten' "pound suit. ; Don't . -you ; know;, wheh 1 lie came in -from that last dress parade he said he'd be switched if he'd ever, put the old brass togs on again; Pshaw, old boy have some sense." . ' THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. 'In the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses the ghost-walking scene, until he is ,. entirely satisfied with Himself, while ' ; h eindulges in He following- soliloquy,: '."Perhaps Hishvon't, catcli liimpoh, no! He'll think it the true business, and no Mistake... If I-.can get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. : Blamed if I'd have far to go." In this scene Twain has followed the original text pretty-closely. The following extract will give a general idea of his treatment of it : — Hamlet. My fate 'cries -out, . And makes each petty. .artery .-on this b.ody As 'Hiirdy as the Nemean lion's nerve. \- '( 6 host' beckons.) Still I am called. Unhand me gentle men! ... -. ( Breahing jrom them). ; By heaven',' I'll make a ghost of him that lets me,' I say, away ! Go on ! I'll follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming, I' ve 'got him cranked already, # The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, 'unfolds, runs in this practical fashion:—:" l am thyifather's . spirit. Doomed to an everlasting \- swing around the circle.. I could a tale unfold' that Would lift your hat to the ceiling. : . Ifieverithere was a slick old fraud -your .-uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The .man who is now in my political shoes dumped the ounce of prussic acid in my -ear and 'that did the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison' ' I consider prussic acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials for the 'trade . - . . . The Ghost . then . proceeds at boh: siderable length to tell' Hahilei what to-do and how to get even witlT his Uncle, interspersing his story, with some sid'e-splittiiig f Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entireiplay the pranks , of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears . in the double rfile of Ghost and ad viser to Hamlet in the flesh. When not masquerading with his material seances he is going about with (his brother,, trying to, dissuade him. from doing anything rash.. and telling him what an infernal fool he is -for taking . any stock in. the supernatural, ocoas- . tonally-withdrawing to a quiet' place to hold his sides and laugh .when his hilarity threatens to escape from liis control. . » "His prime idea 'is to get even on his Uncle and step-father, for whom he has the most profound contempt ; but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, and on one occasion eon- ..f esses the - fraud .. and ;; tries to 'get Hamlet to look at "the armor and mosquito netting ; but Hamlet only ; looks upon it as a dodge to .; dissuade him frorfi'his purpose, and will listen to nothing. . ; # .. -. ... . . In ; the latter part of the play lie sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing . scene Ihe gazes upon the work of death, and coolly orders " a bolt- of black. crape" while he announces that his morning will be1 wholesale. , . ' , > " .Some of the passages are intensely funny, and in others the humor is , forced, with a, tendency to. slang ; but . as a whole the innovation .is very . laughable,- and" the 'Version .will no . doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play-gogrs, and draw crowd ed audiences should it ever be nlaved. So writes an American critic.' W.H.W. 