NEWS OF THE DAY. A MEETING of the supporters of the Government, convened by a circular issued by the Colonial Secretary, will be held on Wednesday for the purpose of con- sidering the best course to pursue with reference to the conduct of Parliamentary business, having regard to the slow progress which has been made with legislation this session. The Premier, we believe, does not intend asking for an additional sitting day, but it is deemed ne- cessary that some steps should be taken to prevent waste of time in objectless debate. It is, we may stale, re- garded as questionable whether the new closure rules can be legally put in force without an amendment of the Constitution Act. One of the new standing orders provides that "At any time during the proceedings of the House, or during the proceedings of a Committee of the Whole, any member may move, without debate, That the question be now put, and such motion shall then be put without debate, but shall not be decided in the affirmative unless by a vote of at least 40 mem- bers in favour thereof, and if such motion be carried, the Speaker or the Chairman of Committees, as the case may be, shall forthwith put the question to the vote." The 28rd section of the Constitution Act declares : "The presence of at least 20 members of the Legisla- tive Assembly, exclusive of the Speaker, shall be neces- sary to constitute a meeting of the said Legislative Assembly for the despatch of business, and all questions (except as herein excepted) which shall arise in the said Assembly shall be decided by the majority of votes of such members as shall be present other than the Speaker, and when the votes shall be equal the Speaker shall have the casting vote.'' It is, therefore, contended as the motion "That the question be now put" must be regarded as a question within the mean- ing of the 28rd section of the Constitution Act, and as the provision of that Act is that a bare majority only decides such a question, the standing order is ultra vires. This matter will probably form one of the sub- jects under consideration at the meeting. THE Premier has received a large number of letters, from persons in almost every rank of life, and of nearly every form of religious belief, including several pro- minent Roman Catholics, expressing the most sincere sympathy with him in his unfortunate pecuniary position. It is impossible for Sir Henry Parkes to write replies to his numerous correspondents, but he desires to thank them for their expressions of sympathy. An informal meeting of some of the members of the Legislative Assembly was held at the Parliamentary Buildings on Saturday, at which the Premier's diffi- culties formed the subject of discussion. A general desire was evinced to support, as possible, the movement which is now on foot outside Parliament to raise a sum sufficient to relieve Sir Henry of financial pressure. No separate action will be taken by the members at present, but it is understood that, after the meeting which, will be held in the Town Hall to- night something may be done. That meeting, it is antieipated, will be largely attended. Already, we may state, a considerable sum has been promised towards the object the promoters of the move- ment have in view. On Saturday morning a private meeting was held in the Town Hall to make arrange- ments with regard to the resolutions and the speakers for the meeting this evening. There was a large attend- ance, and the Mayor presided. The resolutions to be moved were drawn up and submitted, and the various details of the meeting agreed upon. Another meeting to complete the arrangements will take place this morning. THE four Mayors of the North Shore municipalities, - viz. Captain Jenkins (Mayor of St. Leonards), Mr. M'Burney (Mayor of East St. Leonards), Mr. Munro (Mayor of Victoria), and Mr. Forsyth (Mayor of North Willoughby), have conferred as to the best course to pursue in order to join in a general movement to ex- press sympathy with the Premier (Sir Henry Parkes), and to determine what stops shall be taken to show that sympathy in a practical form. They have determined to convene one public meeting representing the districts over which they preside, and will meet shortly to fix the time and place of the meeting. THE postal authorities request us to call the atten- tion of the public to certain alterations of the General Post Office arrangements. The offices in the Pitt-street extension of the main building having now been made ready, for occupation, several branches of the postal business will be carried on therein on and from to- day. The new despatch room for mails, the Registry office, stamp sales and inquiry offices, and the office of Mr. Day, superintendent of mails, are all removed into the new offices near Pitt-street, front- ing the northern arcade. The posting boxes are also removed further along towards Pitt-street. The new offices are very commodious, and the public will no doubt appreciate the convenience of transacting their business at a counter in five large sheltered rooms, instead of in the open arcade as hitherto. The George- street Parcels Office will remain for the present where it is, it being understood that the Inquiry and Stamp Sales Offices in that street are removed. AN accident occurred on the railway line, near Kelso, yesterday morning, caused by the mail train overtaking and running into a goods train. The brake van and some of the trucks on the goods train were damaged, and traffic was delayed for some time. The Ministers for Works and Justice, who were at Bathurst, com- menced an inquiry into the circumstances attending the collision. THE question of the manufacture of locomotives for use on the railways of the colony has now for some time occupied the attention of the Government, and it has, we are informed, been practically decided to make 10 new engines at the Government workshops at Randwick forthwith. These engines, it is believed, can be made at a cost not exceeding £2600 each, the price which was paid for the American engines that are now being run on the lines. The charge of making any succeeding batch of engines would not be so great, because there are patterns and drawings to be made for the first lot, and these can be used for the next. On account of the necessity for the making of these patterns there will probably be some slight delay in the construction of the engines ; but it is thought that the order can be executed within 12 months. As was mentioned recently, the committee, of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales have in con- templation the holding of a special and a grand show upon their grounds, Moore Park, during January next. The object in view is the celebration of the centennial year ; and a request was made to the Government that such a sum might be placed upon the Estimates as would ensure the complete success of the exhibition. A notification has been received by the secretary, Mr. Brewster, from Sir Henry Parkes, who intimated that a vote of £6000 had been set down, subject, of course, to the approval of Parliament. WE stated last week that it was the intention of the Minister for Public Works to give the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. A. J. Riley, M.L.A.,) permission to supply water from the Nepean system to the western suburbs of Sydney, and we have now to report that the authority has been given. The Town Clerk (Mr. Daniels) received the following letter from the Under-secretary, on Saturday morning : "October 14, 1887. Sir,—With reference to the question of connecting the reticulation of the western suburbs with the mains of the new water supply for Sydney, I am directed by the Secretary for Public Works to request that you will be so good as to inform the Right Worshipful the Mayor that, as an interim measure only, pending legislation which it is intended to introduce, Mr. Sutherland will permit of water being obtained from the new supply for the benefit of the residents of the western suburbs. All connections to be made under the superintendent of the City Engineer, in conjunction with the Engineer- in-Chief for Harbours and Rivers.—I am, &c.; (signed) JOHN RAE. The Town Clerk, Sydney." Acting on this, the Mayor gave instructions for the necessary steps to be taken, and an advertisement appears in the Herald to-day, informing the public that the reticulation may now be extended wherever desired, subject to the usual regulation, which simply means placing the work, in the hands of a licensed plumber. Is reference to the papers recently laid upon the table of the Assembly on the subject of Evans's combination truck, and to which exception was taken by Mr. W. J. Lyne on the ground that certain papers, which ought to have been included, were missing, cor- respondence was laid on the table by the Minister of Works on Thursday afternoon. The first was a minute by the Commissioner of Railways directed to Mr. D. C. M'Lachlan, Chief Clerk, dated 7th instant, direct- ing that gentleman to supply anything that had been omitted from the papers in the way of correspondence. A minute by Mr. M'Lachlan states that two papers had been separated from the file. A most exhaustive search had been made for these, but without result, but before the return was finally made up he (Mr. M'Lachlan) was assured by Mr. Hayman, clerk of records, that every paper on the subject had been included. On making a further, search, however, Mr. Hayman found in another book—not the record book—two letters, protests from stock-owners and stock agents, against the adoption of the truck, which by some inadvertence were not connected in the books with the main and larger files of papers. A thorough search was then made by Mr. Hayman for those protest papers, but they could not be found. It was owing to the oversight referred to that the two letters in question were not produced with the rest of the cor- respondence which was submitted to Parliament. Another minute from Mr. M'Lachlan states that the two missing papers are—First, Messrs. Coulson and Naylor, Orange, writing as agents for Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Badgery, Goldsbrough and Co., P. Burke and Co., A. Jones (trucker), and H. Lawrence (dealer), protesting against the use of Evans's truck ; and (2nd), stock, station, and trucking agents, Dubbo, protesting against the use of the truck for the carriage of either sheep or cattle. A letter, from Mr. H. S. Badgery states that it appears to him that some of the persons protesting have signed as agents for a number of stock firms ; and as none of them had had his permission to use the name of Pitt, Son, and Badgery, it might be that they had taken a similar liberty with others. This is the rough draft of a letter which Mr. Badgery had sent to the department. The last minute on the subject is by Mr. David Kirk- aldie, to the effect that he is not aware of the existence of any minute of his on the subject which was not with the printed papers. ON Saturday afternoon the members of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron celebrated the commencement of the present yachting season by a general muster of the vessels belonging to the club. The yachts assembled in Farm Cove about half-past 12, and under the command of the Commodore, Mr. J. R. Fairfax, who was on board the Magic, went through a series of evolutions. The weather being beautifully fine, and the wind favourable, the manouvres were carried out with remarkable suc- cess. Subsequently the yachts sailed across to Cremorne, where the members of the squadron were entertained at luncheon by the Commodore. His Excellency the Governor and several well-known public men were present, and a number of toasts were drunk, including those of "The Governor," "The Army and Navy," "The Squadron," and "Success to Yachting." A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. ON Saturday the weather was oppresively hot, and a scorching wind from the westward added to the dis- comfort. The thermometers at the Government Obser- vatory showed that in the shade the maximum heat was 86.4 and in the sun 123.7, which is considerably hotter than any weather we have had this season. Yesterday there was a marked change, as, although the sun shone out with penetrating rays, its heat was tempered by a refreshing breeze from the eastward and north-east. A SHAM-FIGHT took place near Hunter's Hill, Lane Cove River, on Saturday afternoon, in which the Naval Artillery Volunteers and some of the Infantry Reserve Corps took part. The weather was exceedingly hot which rendered the skirmishing, and other movement very trying to the forces engaged. An.account of the operations, which were witnessed by a number of civilians, appears elsewhere. THE Primate spent a considerable portion of Satur- day, and the whole of yesterday, in the district of Parramatta. On Saturday afternoon he con- firmed a number of the pupils of the King's School in St. John's Church, where he also delivered an address at the 8 o'clock service yester- day morning. At 11 o'clock he preached at All Saints' Church to a large congregation, and in the afternoon occupied the pulpit at St James's Church, Smithfield. A parade of the members of local friendly societies took place at this service, and the offertory was in aid of the building fund of the church, which has only been recently restored, at some cost. The Primate preached again at St John's Church, Parramatta, in the evening, to a numerous congregation. The musical portion of the service was well rendered, and at the offertory Mrs. Massey, sang with excellent effect "With verdure clad." ON Friday last a presentation was-made to the Rev. George Stiles, by those members of his congregation who were confirmed in St. Paul's' Church, Canterbury, on the 24th ultimo, in recognition of his pains and attention during their time of preparation. The pre- sentation, which consisted of a handsome marble clock was made at the house of Mr. R. Lee, Ruahino, Arm- strong-street, Ashfield, in the parish of St Paul's Canterbury, by Mr. Lea himself, on the part of the confirmees, in the presence of others of the parishioners. THE headmaster of the King's School requests us to announce that all past members of the school who desire to be present at the laying of the foundation-stone of the school chapel on Friday, 21st instant, at 3 p.m. will be cordially welcomed. AFTER an illness extending over a period of six weeks, Mrs. Mary Lloyd, wife of the Hon. G. A Lloyd, M.L.C., died at her residence, Scotforth, Eliza- beth Bay, on Friday last, 14th instant, from enlarge- ment of the liver. Her death will be lamented by her relations and a wide circle of friends, to whom she had endeared herself during her lifetime. The deceased who was the daughter of the Rev. L. E. Threlkeld, was born at Tahiti on the 23rd September, 1823. Her mother died whilst, the subject of these remarks was an infant, and the deceased lady was cared for and nursed by Mrs. John Williams, the wife of the martyred missionary of Erromanga. Some time afterwards Mr. Threlkeld came to this colony, bringing his daughter with him. They went to Lake Macquarie, where the deceased resided for a number of years. She was married to Mr. Lloyd in 1841, and became the mother of 12 children, nine of whom are living, the youngest being 26 years of age. When her illness began some six week ago four medical men were called in, but they were unable to give any hope of saving her life. Although she was anxiously attended to by a number of friends the deceased gradually sank, and expired as stated. Mrs. Lloyd was of a kindly and genial disposition, and is known throughout the city as a generous hostess many distinguished persons having been entertained by her during their sojourn in Sydney. The remains were interred at Rookwood Cemetery yesterday after- noon, a large number of representative citizens being present. The Rev. Dr. Jefferis conducted the burial service, which was that used by the Congregation body. MR. HENRY HALLORAN, C.M.G., has received a letter from Lord Tennyson, cordially thanking him for copies of his poems, odes, and songs. THE monthly meeting of the board of directors of the Prince Alfred Hospital was held on Thursday last There were present : Hon. E. Knox, M.L.C. (in the chair), Sir Alfred Roberts (hon. secretary), Mr. H. E. A Allan (hon. treasurer), Mr. C. Rolleston, C.M.G., Mr. R Hunt, Mr. R. Hills, Professor Ander- son Stuart, Mr. J. F. Josephson, Mr. George T. Han- kins, M.R.C.S., and the medical superintendent (Dr. James Graham). The minutes of the last meeting were read and signed, after which the house com- mittee minute book, and the resident medical officer's report, were laid on the table. The hon. secretary reported that all necessary arrange- ments for the lectures on "Invalid Cookery" were now complete, and the first lecture would be delivered on the 24th of October. Mr. Evans's appli- cation for the appointment of an assistant ophthalmic surgeon was referred for the report of the Hospital Medical Board. The hon. secretary presented a letter from the registrar of the University with reference to applications for the appointment of tutor in medicine, and it was resolved the election by the conjoint board should take place on Monday, the 17th instant. Sir Alfred Roberts brought up the report of the sub-committee on Dr. Goode's letter of the 13th of April last, which was read and adopted, and a copy ordered to be forwarded to the medical board of the institution. The hon. treasurer presented the accounts for September, which had been examined and passed by the accounts committee, and they were ordered to be paid, the totals being :—For salaries and wages, £479 2s. 6d. ; provisions, £433 13s. ; general accounts, £337 11s. ; building accounts, £3 15s. : total, £1254 1s. 6d. A MEETING of the School of Arts Committee was held at the Council-chambers, Hurstville, on Friday evening last. Mr. Charles Lardner occupied the chair, and the room was, filled. The chairman stated their object for so meeting was to inquire into and make arrangements in connection with the erection of a school of arts. The land had some time ago been purchased, but there was still a balance owing. Several gentlemen offered subscriptions. The chair- man, on being asked to produce the minutes, failed to comply with the request. At this juncture a discus- sion and confusion arose. It was the opinion of many that the Hurstville Council were the proper people to take steps in this matter. THE monthly meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association was held on Saturday evening last at the clubrooms, 118, Pitt-street Mr. Thomas Martin, vice- president, occupied the chair, and several of the com- mittee were present. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and duly confirmed. The hon. secretary, Mr. E. G. Rosenthall, announced that since last meeting a deputation from the association had waited upon the Hon. T. Garrett, Secretary for Lands, for the purpose of asking the Government to grant a site for the erection of an orphanage, &c.;, and that, at the request of the Minister, the purport of the deputa- tion had been embodied and forwarded to him, and that a reply would be doubtless received in due course. In reply to a deputation that had waited also upon the Commissioner for Railways, that gentleman wrote forwarding a revised tariff for yearly season tickets, to come into operation on the 1st January next. Mr. W. T. A. Shorter, of 118, Pitt- street, has kindly consented to act as hon. solicitor. A number of new members was duly balloted for and admitted. The house committee were empowered to provide additional lavatories for the club. The date of the annual dinner was fixed for Thursday, the 29th December next, and a sub-committee, to consist of Messrs. Flockart, Thomas, Tacchi, Marshall, Adshead, Martin, and E. G. Rosenthall, was appointed to carry out all arrangements in connection therewith. The third "smoke concert" will take place on Saturday, the 29th instant. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. ON Wednesday next the members of the Hurstville Council, together with the delegates of the adjoining municipalities, intend viewing a block of 1000 acres of land at the further side of Georges River, be- tween Sutherland and the river, with a view of recom- mending the same to the Government for Necropolis purposes. THE weekly meeting of the William-street Mutual Improvement Association was held on Thursday even- ing. The premier, Mr. A. Arnold, introduced a debate "That John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough, was a greater General than the Duke of Wellington." The splendid successes of the former were vividly portrayed— Blenheim, Ramilies, Oudonarde, and Malplaquet. Mr. F. Brook acted as leader of the opposition. On the question being put it resulted in a victory for the ministry by a majority of one. THE Glebe Young Men's Institute held their fort- nightly meeting on Wednesday, 12th instant, in the schoolroom of the Glebe Presbyterian Church. Mr. Joseph Knox, vice-president, was in the chair. A well- written and lengthy essay on "Individual Liberty" was given by Mr. W. Walker, jun. At the conclusion of the essay a good deal of criticism was brought to bear on the subject by Messrs. Murray, Gray, Walker, sen., and Knox, after which Mr. Walker replied and upheld his cause ably. A COMPLIMENTARY dinner was given to Mr. Harley J. W. Addison (the stationmaster at Rockdale) on Fri- day evening last, at the New Brighton Hotel, Lady Robinson Beach, Mr. Addison has recently been ap- pointed stationmaster at Wollongong, on the Illawarra Railway line. Mr. W. G. Judd (Mayor of West Botany) occupied the chair, and there were some 50 friends of the guest present. The toasts were all proposed and responded to with enthusiasm. Mr. Saywell proposed the health of the Mayor and aldermen of West Botany. Alderman Huntley re- sponded on their behalf. Mr. Thomas Huntley catered, and the tables were laid out with credit to that gentle- man. After dinner an illuminated address was pre- sented to Mr. Addison, who, in a few words, thanked them all heartily. "God Save the Queen" was sung, and the company dispersed. THE Spiritualistic Association of New South Wales held a flower and naming service at Leigh House, Cas- tlereagh-street, yesterday morning. All persons attend- ing were invited to wear flowers, and the children were desired, as far as convenient, to be robed in white dresses. One of the principal objects of the service was the naming of children—a ceremony taking the place of the orthodox baptismal rite. The hall, which was about half filled, was prettily decorated with flowers and ferns. The day's proceedings began with an "Invocation to the Infinite," in the form of a reading, in which nearly all assembled took part. This was followed by another reading entitled "Prayer to the Virtues," and the singing of "Nearer, my God, to Thee." Mr. Garforth having sung "The Lost Chord," Mr. George Wright gave a brief address on Spiritualism. After some additional singing by the choir and Mrs. Perryman, the "medium under control" spoke to the audience as a "teacher and messenger through the instrument prevailing," and then named the children brought to him. It was pointed out that, as the children had already had their intended names applied to them, the ceremony per- formed was actually a confirmation of the proceeding. In the course of the service Mrs. Kendall, the mother of the Australian poet, thanked those present for the subscription which had been raised in the hall on her behalf a few Sundays ago, and the conductor of the day's ceremonies thereupon announced that the associa- tion would shortly ask the Government to grant the lady a pension. A lecture on "Ghosts" formed the basis of the evening service. THE awards for exhibits of photography at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition have been published, and are distributed as follows :—Great Britain, 1 ; Tas- mania, 1 ; New South Wales, 28 ; Victoria, 24; South Australia, 14 ; and Northern Territory, 1. The fol- lowing is a list of the successful exhibitors from New South Wales :—Armidale Municipal Council, photographic views, third order of merit ; Bathurst Municipal Council, photographic views, third order of merit ; Charles Baylis, Sydney, photographic views, first order of merit ; B. C. Boake, Sydney, photographs, third order of merit ; Carey and Co., Port Natal, South Africa (late of Mount Victoria), photo- graphic views, second order of merit ; Colonial Archi- tect of New South Wales, Sydney, photographic views, second order of merit ; Commissioners for New South Wales, Sydney, collection of photographic views, first order of merit ; Department of Public Works, Sydney, photographic views, first order of merit ; Department of Public Instruction, Sydney, photographic views of school buildings, third order of merit ; A. Dewhurst, Tamworth, platinotype photographs, first order of merit ; H. Dorner, Goulburn, photographic views, second order of merit ; Freeman and Co., Sydney, photo portraits, first order of merit ; Government Printer, Sydney, photographic views, first order of merit ; Government Printer, Sydney, photo.- mechanical printing, first order of merit ; G. Herfort, Yass, photographic views, second order of merit ; Kerry and Jones, Sydney, photographs, first order of merit ; H. Nagel, Sydney, enlarged photographs, second order of merit ; J. H. Newman, Sydney, photo. portraits, first order of merit ; H. C. Russell, Sydney, photo- graphs, second order of merit ; Singleton Municipal Council, photographic views, third order of merit ; W. Slade, Ashfield, photographic views, second order of merit ; W. Wark, Kurrajong Heights, photographic views, second order of merit ; West Maitland Munici- pal Council, photographic views, second order of merit ; Executive Commissioner for New South Wales, pano- rama of Sydney arranged in circle. A DOZEN recidivistes, who had escaped from New Caledonia, and had succeeded in making their way to Northern Queensland, where they were arrested a few weeks ago, were shipped by the criminal authorities on board the Dupleix, which left Sydney for Noumea on Saturday. The French escapees arrived in Sydney by the Cintra on the 9th instant, and remained in Darling- hurst gaol until Saturday. CONSTABLE MONROE, of Parramatta, had a rather unpleasant experience with a prisoner on Friday after- noon. The man was "wanted" on suspicion of having stolen some tools, and was being taken to the lockup for identification at the time of the occurrence. After walking quietly for some distance, and when in a secluded spot, the man suddenly refused to proceed any further. Munroe then attempted to handcuff him, and while they were struggling on the ground the man seized a stone and with it inflicted three wounds on the back of the constable's head, from one of which blood flowed copiously. The blows partially stupefied Monroe, and taking advantage of this the prisoner made off, with one of the handcuffs attached to his arm. Up to Saturday evening he had not been recap- tured. A FIRE occurred at about 1 a.m. yesterday at a baker's shop at 114, Macquarie- street South, owned and occupied by Annie Krauss. The fire was extin- guished by the inmates and the Standard Brewery and Metropolitan Fire Brigades before a great amount of damage had been done. The lining of the walls and part of a loft over the bakery used as a sleeping apart- ment were burned, as also was a quantity of bedding and wearing apparel. The premises were insured in the Industrial Mutual Fire Insurance Company. The fire is supposed to have originated through someone smoking in the bakehouse. Another fire broke out at about 4.15 a.m. yesterday at the butterine factory of Messrs. Chas. Davis and Co., Drummoyne, Parramatta- road, Five Dock, occupied by the owners. The factory was a one-storey building, 63 x 45 ft., constructed of iron and wood on a stone foundation, and the building and contents, comprising the machinery and a large quantity of butterine, were totally destroyed. They are supposed to have been insured for £2000. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. An adjacent but detached cottage was likewise destroyed by the fire, but the furniture was saved. THE following cases were admitted to the Sydney Hospital :—Patrick Sullivan, a school teacher, aged 40, residing at 17, Church-hill, on Saturday night fell on the back of his head, and afterwards developed symp- toms of concussion. John Roach, aged 40, residing at Harbour View, by an accidental fall, sprained both ankles. Cornelius Kelly, 45, living at Kendall-street, Surry Hills, fell from the scaffolding of a building on which he was working, from a height of 5ft., and fractured his left arm. George Massen, 21, wharf labourer, of 37, Princes-street, whilst working on board the ship Samuel Plimsoll, was struck on the head by a wool screw, and is suffering from concussion of the brain and injury to the skull-cap. John White, 32, a painter, living at 29, Merriman- street, Miller's Point, whilst at work fell off a ladder and was picked up in an unconscious state. He is suffering from cerebral and spinal concussion and cuts about the face. In a brawl which occurred at No. 4, Unwin-street, Miller's Point, between John Woods, Mary M'Donald, Catherine Burns, Thomas Burns, James Lawler, and John M'Guan, the three last named attacked John Woods, who retaliated by striking at his assailants with a penknife. In the general melee Woods received several contused wounds on the face, M'Donald a wound on the left side of the head, Catherine Burns an incised wound in front of the left ear, Thomas Burns an incised wound on the left cheek, Lawler a contused wound on the shoulder, and M'Guan a wound on the forehead. AT about 2 p.m. on Saturday a boy named Alfred Menan, aged 11, residing with his mother, Margaret Menan, at No. 4, Wyndham-grove, Alexandria, was knocked down and run-over in George-street, near Engine-street, by cab No. 1037, driven by Robert Bull- fin. The driver states that on approaching Engine- street he slackened speed to allow an approaching trolly to pass, and did not observe the boy till he was under the horse's feet, and could not pull up in time to avert the accident, and one of the wheels of the cab seemed to pass over the boy's head. The patient was at once conveyed to the Sydney Hospital, but on admis- sion life was extinct. AT about 5.40 p.m. yesterday a horse attached to cab No. 1157, owned and driven by Matthew Maher, of Devonshire-street, bolted from King-street, opposite White's Hotel, and on reaching George-street brought the cab in contact with a drinking trough, which was broken to pieces by the collision, the cab also being smashed. The horse and driver escaped injury. HERBERT LLOYD, aged 48, unmarried, a billiard marker lately employed at the Royal Hotel, Randwick, was found dead in bed, at 69, Stanley-street, by a fellow-lodger named Bolton. Deceased was apparently in good health at a quarter-past 9 a.m., and at 10 minutes past 10 was found as described. The body lies at the South Sydney morgue, and an inquest will be held to-day. LEONARD AINSWORTH, a schoolboy, aged 11, residing with his parents off Harris- street, Pyrmont, was play- ing with other boys on some sandhills at Moore Park yesterday morning, when he fell down a distance of 15 feet, fracturing his thigh and receiving internal injuries. WITH regard to a statement made by several of the pas- sengers that the Maitland did not anchor in Broken Bay until 4 p.m. on Wednesday last, Mr. Thomas has received a letter from Mr. Black, of H.M. Customs there, stating that she entered the Heads at 2, and was anchored by or a little before 2.30 p.m. THE following is the order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral, this afternoon, 4.30 :—Magnificat, Walmisley in D minor ; Nunc Dimittis, Walmisley in D minor ; anthem, "O pray for the peace of Jerusalem," Goss. AN appeal is made in our advertising columns for help for the Discharged Prisoners' Mission in connection with the Blue Ribbon Gospel Army. The army is in need of clothing for both male and female prisoners. THE sixth and last lecture in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association will be delivered in the large hall of the association this (Monday) evening by Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, Government Geologist, the subject being "Geology, the Earth's History," with limelight illustra- tions of scenery in New South Wales and other parts of the world. Mr. W. G. Murray will preside. At the Natural History Association's Conversazione to- night a shark's egg is to he exhibited. An entomologist's branch will be formed. IN our telegraphic report published in Saturday's issue of the banquet at Goulburn, in connection with the open- ing of the local courthouse, an inaccuracy appears in the speech of the Hon. B. R. Wise, who responded to the toast of ''The Ministry." The passage in question should read as follows :—" The Local Government Bill, the Land Bill, and the Bankruptcy Bill were now before the House," &c.; MR. FITZJOHN HALL writes to say that he executed the address to the Rev. Father Volpe, an account of which was published in Saturday's Herald. THE following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ending October 15:—Number of in-patients at last report, 108 males, 70 females ; since admitted, 24 males, 23 females ; discharged, 13 males, 16 females ; died, 1 male, 1 female ; remaining in hospital on October 15, 118 males, 76 females ; number of out- patients treated during the week, 357 ; number of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 122 : total, 479. 