GBAKVILLB. OPENING OF THE UNITARIAN CHURCH. . IN aooor3ance with previous notice, the opening of the Unitarian Churph took place op Sunday morning'last, 'in the Albert Hall;- Tie attendance was not large, hut appeared sympathetic with the cause. The &ev.; E. B. Grant, of Sydney, preached the sermon, and explained the principle* of Unitarianiem, taking for his text Acta" rvii., 20,—"Thou hi ingest strange things to our ears; we would know, therefore, 'what those things mean-" The preacher said (attributing the words of the text to the Unitarian faith)—Some people think they mean everything that is bad," but they ore wrong. We "come here w ith the idea —notof smashing up anything that is good or nseful, but to increase it, and cast away doubt, -and make the world better and purer. Doubt lias existed from time immemorial; it was •doubt that moved Moses to enter the promised land; doubt, that inspired Christ to emerge out -of the old formB of Judaism; and doubt that brought forth Martin Luther. Doubt it was that inspired those to seek for something iigher and brighter. The notion that we are 'destructive to religion is altogether wrong, because people misunderstand us. Doubt has existed for all time, and our mission is to cast it away, and move in a brighter world.' If a man ichc chooses to ' be * a WesleyaD " or a Catholic, _ . -- let him remain so by all means, hut as a Wesleyan .•or a Catholic, let him bo true to the faith he has accepted. It is sometimes said that the people attending our churches believe very little. I wish to show you that they believe a great deal. Our ministers are sometimes acousedof being altogether so destructive in their teaching as to destroy all the positive elements of religion and rob the world, it is said, of its deepest and truest consolation. And they are sometimes asked not to cast the tihadow of doubt over the faith of others, lest they should be led into the dreary desert of negation—away from all warmth and comfort to be overwhelmed with the chill blasts of unavoidable despair. If this was a just reputation •of our position, our case wouid be extremely serious. Unfortunately many have repeated this charge so often and so long that they really imagine they are telling the truth ; but we, who have examined the matter through and through, again and again, know that their •accueation is simply false, altogether un- 'warranted, and most gravely unjust. We are sometimes told that we do not believe in God. 'Tie true we do not talk about him so much as 'some, but that is no proof of disbelief; it is •rather a proof that we treat that august name •with more reverence anl less presumption. 'Pis true we enter into no minute definition of his being, for, whatever else wc may be, we are not sufficiently vain even to attempt any exact description of that power which transcends all description. 'Ms true we do not hold the im- perfect, limited and grotesque conceptions of God some maintain. But we do believe in God as the very heart and root of &1I,«B the centre Of all our faith, the ground of all our trust, and the very breath of all our highest thought and life. We believe not only in his greatness, but in bis goodwill; not only in his incomprehensible grandeur, but in his unfailing love. And so we have lesrnt to obey bis laws in nature, and we have learnt to love him with all our heart «nd mind, and to adore him with all the soul and strength, and to say with Jesus, "Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name." We believe not in God in the abstract sas a theory, but with his spirit with us in our daily life, not only filling the world with light and life and beauty, but everywhere telling of. the sweetness of purity, the charm of goodness and the need of a greater holiness of life. It is not because we doubt or disbelieve about God, then, that we stand outside the popular temples; it is because we have to gain a lighter,;a wider, a deeper, and a profounder conception of the Infinite than is witnessed by any sacrament, or told by any creed ; and it is because we do not and will not attempt to localise the Infinite or limithis mercy to any church, nation orage. But do yon not see that it is the greatness of our faith, and not its smallness, which compels us to do this f We do not go in for the old forms of doubt, of sorcery, witchcraft, and damnation or "anything of that eort. We are all heretics in the sight of Beaven, for what do we know ? The men that know most in the present day can be conflicted with a thousand doubts. We are accused too, of telling little about Christ. Others had taken the Grand Man of Nazareth and turned him into a ghost. It is true we do not set much store by what some people say about Jesus, but it is altogether untrue to say that we do not believe in him. Because we do not accept the speculations of others concerning him, that does not prevent us from having a very Teal and grateful belief in him for what lie really was, for what he really did, and for what he has shown us what to do. We believe in him, then, for our own reasons, and not for the reasons assigned by other people; not because he was the Almighty, or a third part of the Almigh'y, hut because he was a real, helpful human brother, the truest and purest known to us; also because he was a true Son of God, teaching as none other had ever done, —the fact of our sonship with God, and God's fatherhood to UB. We believe in his high moral tone end in his deep spiritual life, and in his faithfulness which was even until death; and we see in these a bright example to us in our daily life. We believe in him so much that we try to love God, and lean upon God i 'ust as he did. We-follow His steps and earn more of the way of holiness, and we are ever encouraged by him to a stronger and fuller fidelity in all true work for humanity. We listen to his voice, and thus come to a fuller knowledge of the mind and will of the Eternal. Bis influence has overflowed its narrow Hebrew channels to give, the water of life to many longing souls; and so flowers of virtue spring up and bloom in beauty wherever his trne influence finds its way. Wc have learnt to love him with no mean or selfish affection then, but it is for his goodness, bis piety, his self-sacrifice, his scathing denunciation of all nnjust things, his noble life, his heroic death, and for his grand example, and not on account of any supposed mystical qualities, supernatural wonders, or metaphysical subtleties. We believe that the great object of his life was not to appease the anger, bnt to show forth the depth of God's love that he might deliver men from all their ignorance, dread, worry, greed, and sin; from all superstition and mistrust in God; and in that there is a real gospel of goodness, so human and beautiful, so worthy of God and so -fitted for man, and so necessary withal, that we wonder that churches should overlook tbis real practical Gospel, and spend their time so much •over schemes in which there is little truth and lees good sense. The salvation be spoke of had to do with real life—with the heart, the conscience, and the soul—and not a thing of this church or that creed. A man's salvation is proved, not by a baptismal certificate, but by •what he really loves and seeks, and by what he really is in himself. If anything is clearly taught by the words of Jesus, this is taught. If anything warrants belief in him, the acceptance of this does, and whatever, others may do we have a perfect right to say that " we also l>elieve. n We are sometimes told that we do -not believe in the Bible. Here again they are altogether wrong. We do not say that we believe it was bronght down by an angel straight from the clouds. Oh, no 1 it had to go through the printer's hands and be made square. If our accusers were to say that we do not believe in their interpretation of it there would " lie some justice in it. But as for the Bible itself we take it just as it stands, and accept it for what it really is, and not for' what some people say it is, we accept it as a revelation of the wonderful experiences of men and nations in the old time, as showing the true stages of human development, as recording in every book some phases of the ever unfolding mind of man; of the ever unfolding will ot God. We do not dream of saying that these books are all equally inspired or equally useful seeing ,they were written by different men in different igea, in different countries, and widely nt times. Some of the books are merely national recordB of political struggles and fearfid wan. Others are amply statements of what the ancients thought of the creation of the world, the beginning of the race, and the origin of evil. Others mainly consist of devout or angry expressions of feeUng, whilst others are poetic and prophetic records of what the Jewish reformers said, thought, or did. It is clear, then, that in looks of much •variety we have not one complete or infallible revelajation Iran; God, but rather a record >of what thoughtful men said and did in the old time, in their efforts to find out God, or to solve the problems of the universe. Whilst many accept the Bible for what it is not, and for what it never pretended to be—that is, for a miraculously perfect book, and call that believing in. it—we accept it for what it is, we value it for the light it throws on the struggle and growth of the race, and believe it reverently wherever it prompts our better life, wherever it consoles our sorrow, quickens our faith or points us along .the way to truth, virtue and God. We believe that it was all written down by good and truthful men according to the light or darkness they had. They wrote many true things as matters of history, some curious as matters of speculation, some useless now as matteis of science, but many things greatly wise and sweetly pure as matters of morals, and many things high, and holy, and far beyond us as matters of religion; and they are all useful to thoughtful and earnest people, and profitable for reproof and for instruction in righteousness to this day. God speaks to ns in many ways and through many books, but most certainly and clearly he speaks to us through the Bible, and gives there all that is necessary for our true salvation, and it has been to us in the past and I trust will be to ns many times in the future a real' light unto our feet and a bright and glowing lamp unto our patb. We believe, then, in the light of the Bible; we cannot be expected to believe in demons and goblins, hell-fire and so forth; no, we believe n good, bnt not in ancient myths. We have our glorious affirmations, and our faith, little as it may seem so to some, is muoh fuller, broader and deeper than the faith of any other church, and pur affirmations are far more embracing and sublime.' Those who complain of our lack of faith look for the word of God in one book only, but we see a word of God, not only there, but in every fact and in every truth we see a law written on tables not to be broken, and in every day an added page to the revelation of theMost High, and such faith is not less than theirs but greater. They see but one holy land, but one holy city, but one holy temple; but we see consecrated giound in every city where just men congregate, a holy temple wherever true men meet fcr true woTk and warship, md a sacred altar at every fireside where true love dwells. And such faith, again, is not less than theirs, but almost infinitely greater. They see only a few inspired prophets, but we accept not only their prophets but see now in every high act of conscience an inspiration, in every nobis utterance another voice from the undecaying line of prophets, and in every true man a follower of the Eleven, and a divinely anointed Son of God helping to save the world. Our faith again, theu, is not less than their's, bnt greater. They see only one sacrifice to redeem the world, but we ate great sacrifices offered in every land,, and every grand sacrifice for the true and the right is a new act in the work of redemption, and eveiy life given up in love for others is another clause in the glorious gospel of God. I think you must see, then, that whatever charges some may make against us, we have not less faith, nor less hope, nor lees love, nor less charity, nor less comfort thm they, but vastly, almost infinitely m'.ro. When they beseech us then not to lead people into the dreary desert of negation, we might very justly reply, if so inclined, " Physician, heal thyself." We quite feel with Tennyson, when be says:— " Leave thou tby sister when she prays Her early heaven, her happy views ; Nor thou with shadowed hint confuse A. life that leads melodious dayB." But we never think of mocking at herpraycr, or of rudely denying her cherished convictions. We would not for the world pour contempt upon any snored thoughts or any object round which they cluster. I for one would not be so cruel, and should hold it wrong to burn before his face the uncouth idol which to the poor savage is his only symbol of deity. I would not pluck down the crucifix, or the form of the Virgin, and shock the poor Catholic girl by telling her that they weie only painted wood or dressedup dolls. We see the force and the meaning of all these preliminary symbols, and evory raoe and every religion has bad to use them, more or less gradually growing up to them, through them and out of them. But if we, having grown out of them, think very little of these things for ourselves, it is because our ful'er faith has made tbem unnecessary, or because the idm they represented has been incorporated in some broader view, in some truer and vaster conception. But though we may not pour contempt on any form of faith counted sacred, yet surely it is our clear duty to try and raise men's minds to truer thoughts, to a lurer religion and to a more spiritual faith jy giving them something better in place of that which is so imperfect. Out of this desire bas come all the growth of the future, and this is onr work for a long time to come—not to denounce, but to explain. Timid souls may fear, but their fear must not deBtroy our fidelity. Uneducated men may tremble, but their trembling muBt not make ns weak. Interested men may deprecate our action, bnt their love of self must not blind us to the higher and commanding duties of life. But after all, all this fear and trembling for the future of faith is not only uncalled for, but actually unwise. For is it not a fact that all our mental changes leive the real constitution of the world just as it was. All the doubta of men never for a moment influence the eternal facts of God, Amid the snowstorm of men's illusions God is never moved from his throne, and amid the whirlwind of human passion tbe "still small voice" of truth never ceases to fall on the attentive ear. The inmost life of the universe cannot be killed by us or by any, and the destiny of all will be settled irrespective of our opinion, aye, in spite of our vote. There is really no room for fear then, except for interested parties; but there is much room for all true thought, for all real work and for all vital religion; and this would lead us not to any doctrine of mere negation, but to the unfolding of a glorious gospel of real faith—not to the religion of any gloomy despair, but to the inspiration of a boundless hope in which all the future would be transfigured and glorified. And when we reach that point then men will turn from old-world darkness to the new-world light, from the poor dreams of men to the abiding facts of God, from the numerous faitbB of the churches to that holier communion, broad as humanity. Now in all this, where do we cast any deep shadow; where do we rob any of comfort; where do we defraud any of the true consolation of lifeP Nay, do we not give a fuller consolation, a truer comfort, & more vital religion f And do we not roll back the clouds wbich have so long bung over the minds of men hiding from them the intense beauty of that tender love which has ever been wat< over them? I ask you, then, to make this broader faith your own, form it into a new church here, and never fear to go with it, and to grow with it wherever it may lead; for it means just tbis—reverence for all that is sweet in tbe past, for a!l that is pure in the present, for all that is true in the future. May our faith be strong in all such things, now and evermore. Amen. Sons fellow went t'other night'for the con< tents of the harness cask of a friend of John Farrell's, a skuuklike manoeuvre, which raised Farrell's "dander," and eke his Muse, to such an extent that he denounced the villain in some rousing impiecatory stanzas whereof the twain following are the last:— Haylie be left for aye without tobacco, In weary ways where company is scarce; May friends of lowest status call him " Baca 1" And read him lots of Pastor Allen's verse; May mad Hedusas evermore affright him In front, the ruthless unexampled thief, While bell- mouthed Hydras slip behind and bite him, Who hungers for another's cask of beef. May he for ever be debarred from rum, or What cheered his dayB on earth, colonial beer j TSnm malevolent Salvation drummer For ever practice right against his ear. Stay tiro-pronged elops nu their tusks impale him; May C.aLGs enrro-and—bnt, to he brief. Mar all that alls Hie damned car ever ail nim Who at the Prias strikes through its cask of beef 