FICTION. j Prona fSuRlUb. American» anil Othtr Periodical«. THE ÜYSTERY. CHAPTER XL. " SHE TOOK UP THE BÜRDEN OP LIFE AOAIN." The second train from Montreal passing through St. Croix on its way to- somewhere else, was late in the afternoon of the fifth of June. Instead of shrieking into the village depot at <í p.m., it was 6 when it arrived, and- halted about a minute and a half to let passengers out and take passengers in. Few got in, and fewer got out-a sunburnt old Frenchman, a weazenlittle French woman, and their pretty, dark-skinned, black-eyed daughter ; and a young man, who was tall, and fair, and good-look- ing, and gentlemanly, and not a bit like a French- man. But, although he did not look like one, ho could talk like one, and had kept up an animated conversation with pretty dark eyes in capital Canadian French for the last hour. He lifted his hat politely now, with " Bon soir, mademoiselle," and walked away through the main street of the village. It was a glorious summer evening. The western sky was all aflame with the gorgeous hues of the crimson sunset ; the air was like amber mist, and the shrill-voiced Canadian birds, with their gaudy plumage, sang their vesper hymns in the green gloom of the feathery tamaracs. A lovely evening, with the soft hum of village life, the distant tinkling cow bells, the songs of boys and girls driving the cattle home, far and faint, and now and then the rumbling cart wheels on the dusty road. The fields on either hands stretching as for as the eye could reach, greon as velvet ; the giant trees rustling softly in tho faint sweet breeze; the flowers bright all along the hedges, and over all the golden glory of the summer sunset. The young man walked very leisurely along, swinging his light cane round and round. Wild roses and sweet brier sent up their evening incense to the radiant heaven. The young man lighted a cigar, and sent np its incense too. He left the village behind him presently, and turned oil by the pleasant road leading to Gower Hall.' Tea minutes brought him to it, changed from what it was when he had seen it last. The pines, tho cedars, the tamaracs ware all out in their summer dress of living green ; the flower gardens were all aflame with flowers, the orchard was white with blossoms, and the red light of the sunset was reflected in mimio glory in the still, broad fish pond. Climbing roses and honeysuckles trained their fragrant branches round the grim stone pillars of the portico. Windows and doors stood wide open to admit the cool, rising breeze, and a big dog, that had gamboled np all the way, set up bark of recognition. No other living thing was to be seen in or around the house. Without ringing, the young man entered the house. The hall waa deserted, the drawing-room was empty, and he ran upstairs to to the dining room. Grace was there, with her back to the door, superintending the arrangement of the table ; and coming up noiselessly, he put his arm around her waist and kissed her, before she was aware. She faced about, with a little cry, that changed to an exclamation of delight upon Boeing who it was. "Oh, Frank! I am so glad! When did you come ? I expected you a week ago." "I know it," said her brother j "and I could have com«, too ; but it struck me I should like to arrive to-day." " To-day ! why ? Oh, I forgot, the 5th of June. It is hard, Frank, isn't it, just to think what might have been, and what is." " How does she take it P" "She has been out nearly all day," replied Grace, knowing whom he meant. " She feels it, of course, more than words can tell ; but she never betrays herself by word or action. I have never seen her shed a tear, or utter one desponding word, from the day the news reached heruntil this. Her face shows what she Buffers, and that is beyond her power to control." Doctor Delaplaine walked thoughtfully to the window, and looked out at the fading brilliance of the Bimset. A moment later, and Evvy rode up on horseback, sprang out of her saddle on to the lawn, and tripped up the Bfceps. Another moment, and she was in the dining room. .'I saw you at the window," she said. "lam glad you have come back again. Gower Hall is too dismal to be described of late. Ah; dear old Tiger, -ihd* how are you P Doctor Delaplaine," lowering her voice, '. do you know what day this is t" ' Doctor Delaplaine looked at her with a faint shadow of a smile on his face, humming a line or two of the ballad- , " . This was to have been my wedding-day.' Was to have been-ah, mt ! ah, me ! Too bad, Ervy, we should lose the wedding, and one wedding, they say, makes many." "Toobad!" echoed Ewy, indignantly. " Oh, Doctor Delaplaine, it was cruel of Rose, wasn't it ? You would hardly know poor Kate now." *' Hush !" said the doctor ; " here she comes !" A tall, slender figure, robed in black silk, came out from the orchard path, book in hand, and ad- vanced slowly toward the house. '' What is the ghost, the wraith, the shadow of the beautiful Kate Delaplaine? The lovely golden hair, in the dying shining radiance | of tho sunset, and coiled in shining twists around the segal head, was the same ; the deep, large eyes, so darkly blue, were clear and cloudless as gold, and yet changed totally in expression. The queenly grace that always-characterized her, characterized her still; but how wasted the supple form, how shadowy and frail it had grown. The haggard change in the deathly pale face, the nervous contrac- tion of the mouth, the sunken eyes, with those dark circlets^ told their eloquent tale of days and nights of sleepless anguish. "Poor^hild!" Doctor Delaplaine^said, with a look of unspeakable pity and tendelnesss ; " it was cruel '" f , s- ' IEvvy ran away to change her dress. Grace bustled among the rich silverband 'pearly china, and her brothpr stood by the window and watched that fragile-looking girl coming slowly up through the amber air. " How tired she looks," he said. '? Kate," said Grace, coming over " is always like that now-. Tired at getting up tired at lying down, and as weak a3 an infant. If Reginald Stanford had murdered her, it would hardly have been a more wicked act." Her brother did no't reply. A few minutes later, Kate walked into the room, still with that slow weary step. She looked at the newcomer with listless indifference, spoke a few words of greeting with cold apathy, and then re- treated to another window, and bent her eyes on her book. Captain Delaplaine returned just as the dinner ' bell was ringing, and his welcome made up in cor- diality what his daughter's lacked. He, too, was changed. His florid face had lost much of its color, and had become thin, and his eyes were ever wandering, with a look of mournful tenderness, to his pale daughter. They were all rather silent. Grace and her brother, and the captain, talked in a desultory sort of way during dinner; but Kate never spoke save when directly addressed, and silence was Evvy'g forte. Kate sat down to the piano after dinner, according to her invariable custom, but not to Sing. She had never sung since that day. How could she P There was not a song in all her collection that did not bring the anguish of some recollection of him, so she only played brilliant, new,souless fantasias, that were as empty as her own heart. When she arose from the instrument she took a book, and sat down at a table studiously but Doctor Delaplaine, watching her covertly, saw she did not turn over a page in an hour. She was the first to retire-very early, at ten, looking palo and utterlyjaded. Half an hour later, Ewyfollowed her, and then Captain Doliplaino pushed away the chessboard impatiently. He had been playing with the Doctor, and began pacing feverishly up and down the room. I "What shall I do with her?" he exclaimed. "Whatshall I do to keep my darling girl from dying before my eyes ? Doctor Delaplaine, you are a physician-tell me what I shall do !" " Take her away from here," said the doctor, emphatically. " It is this place that is killing her. How can it be otherwise P Everything she sees from morning till night brings back a thousand bitter recollections of what is past and gone. Take her away, where there will be nothing to recall her loss, take her where change and excitement will drown thought. As her mind recovers its tone, so will her body. Take her travelling for the sum- mer." " Yes, yes," said Grace earnestly. " I am Bure it is the very best thing you can do." " But, my dear," said Captain Delaplaine, smil- ing a little, " you forget that tho first week of July we are to be married." " Oh, put it off," Grace said. " What does a little delay matter P We are not like Rose and Reginald ; we are old and strong, and we can trust orfo another and wait. A few months' delay is nothing, and Kate's health is everything." " She might go with us," said the captain. Sup- pose it took place this month instead of next, and we made a prolonged wedding tour, she might ac- company us." Grace shook her head. '. She wouldn't go. Believe me, I know her, and she wouldn't go. She will go with you alone wil- lingly-never with me." " She is unjust to you, and you are so generously ready to sacrifice your own plans to hers." " Did you ever know a young lady yet who liked the idea of a stepmother'P" said Grace, with a smile. " I never did. Miss Delaplaine's dislike and aversion are unjust, perhaps, but perfectly natural. No, no ; the autumn or winter will be soon enough, and in the meantime you can take Kate travel- ling." " Very well, my dear ; be it as you say. Now, where shall we go P Back to England ?" " I think not," Baid Doctor Delaplaine. " England has nearly as many painful associations for her as Gower Hall. Take her where she has never been ; where all things are new and strange. Take her on a tour thvugh the United States for instance." "Acapital idea!" exclaimed the captain. "It is what she has wished so often since we came to Canada. I'll take her South. I have an old friend, a rich planter, in Georgia. I'll take her to Georgia." "You could not do better." " Let me see," pursued the captain, full of the hopeful idea ; " we must stay a week or two in Boston, a week or two in New York ; we must visit Newport and Saratoga, rest ourselves in Philadel- phia and Washington, and then make straight for Georgia. How long will all that take us, do you ' suppose ?" " Until October, I should say," replied the doc- tor. " Ootober will be quite time to return here. If your daughter does not come back with new life> then I shall give up her case in despair." " I^will speak to her to-morrow," said the captain, "and start the next day. Since it must be d*ne, 'twere best done quickly. I think myself it will do her a world of good." Captain Delaplaine was as good as his word. He broached the subject to his daughter shortly after breakfast next morning. She was out in the orchard, where she strayed, according to custom, with a book. ' It was not so much to read-her favourite authors, all of a sudden, had grown flat and ' inBipid, and nothing interested her-but she liked to be alone and undisturbed, " in sunshine) calm and sweet," with the scented summer air blow- j ing in'her face. She liked to listen, dreamy and listless, and with all the energy of her nature dead within her, to the soft murmurings of the trees, to the singing of the birds overhead, and to watch the pearly clouds floating through the melting azure above. She had no strength or wish to walk now, as of old. She never passed beyond the entrance gates, save on Sunday afternoons, when she went slowly to the little church of Saint Croix, and lis- tened drearily, as if he were speaking an unknown tongue, to Father Francis preaching patience and long suffering to the end. She was resting under a gnarled old apple tree, the flickering shadow of the leaves coming and going in her face, and the sunshine glinting through her golden hair. She looked up, with a faint smile at her father's approach. She loved him very much , still, but not as she had loved him once ; the power to love anyone in that old trustful devoted way seemed gone forever. " My pale daughter," he said, looking down at her sadly, " what shall I do to bring back your lost roses ?" "Am I pale," she said indifferently. "What does it matter P I feel well enough." "I don't think yon do. You are gone to a shadow. Would you not like a change, my dear ? Would you not like a pleasuro tour this summer weather?" " I don't care about it, papa." " But you will come to please me. I shall take you to the Southern States, and fetch you back in the autumn, my own bright Kate again." There was no light of pleasure or eagerness in her wan face. She only moved uneasily on the grass. " You will como, my dear, will you not? Eunice will accompany you ; and wo will visit all the great cities of the United States that you have so often longed to see." " I will do whatever you wish, papa," she said, apathetically. i " And you will give Eunice her ordere about the packing to-day, and be ready to Btnrt to-morrow ?" "Yes, papa." She watched him striding away with that look of weary listlessness that had grown habitual to her, and rose from her grassy couch with a sigh, to obey his 'directions. Sho found Eunice in the sewing-room, with the seamstres» and gave her orders to pack up, and be prepared to start next morning. Then she went back to her seat under the old applo tree, and there remained in a state between sloeping and waking all day long. The day of departure dawned cloudless and lovely. Grace, her brother, and Ewy went to the station with the travellers, and saw them off. Kate's farewell was very cold, even to Ewy. What was the use of living, or being sorry to part with any one, since all the world was false, and hollow, and deceitful? She had lost something-heart, hope, conscience-she hardly knew what; but something within her that had beat high, and hopeful, and trusting, was cold and still as stone. The little party on the platform went back through the yellow haze of the hot afternoon, to the quiet old house. Ah ! how indescribably quiet and lonely now ! Some one might have Iain dead in | those echoing rooms, so deathly was the stillness. There'wa3 one consolation for Grace and Evvy in their solitude. Doctor Delaplaine waa going to remain in the village. It was chiefly at the solici- tation of Father Francis that he had consented. "Doctor Pillule is superannuated," said the young curate, " and old fashioned, and obstinately prejudiced against all modern innovations, at the best. We want a new man among ns-particularly now that this fever is spreading." A low fever had been working its way insidiously among the people since early spring, and increasing since the warm weather had come. Perhaps the miasma arising from the marshes had been the cause; but several had died, and many lay ill those sunny June days. " Your mission lies hero," Father Francis said, emphatically. " You can do good. Doctor Dela- plaine, stay !" So Doctor Delaplaine stayed, hanging out his shingle, and taking up his abode at the village hotel. -Doctor Pillule, all of a sudden, like the Moor of Venice, found his occupation gone. Every one liked the pleasant young doctor, whose ways were so different from those of Doctor Pillule, and who sat by their fevered bedsides, and talked to them so kindly. Every one liked him, and he soon found himself busy enough ; but never so busy that some time, each day, he could not run up for half an hour to Gower Hall. July came, and brought a letter from Captain Delaplaine to Grace. Like many others, he disliked letter-writing, and never performed that duty when he could possibly avoid it. Bat Kate declined I writing, absolutely; so it fell to his lot. They were in New York, on the eve of departure for Newport, and Kate had already bonefitted by the change. August came, burning and breezoless, and they were at Saratoga, drinking Congress water, and finding life much the same as at Newport. Kate had recovered her looks, tho captain's letters said ; the beauty that had made her so irresistible had returned, and made her more irresistible than ever. There was nothing like her at Saratoga ; but she was as deeply wrapped in mystery as ever, and about as genial as a statue in marble, The end of August found them journeying South- ward. The beginning of September; and they were domesticated in a friendly Georgian home- stead ; and then, Kate, tired after all her wander ' ings, sank down in thd genial warmth and beauty of that Southern State, and drew a breath of relief. She liked it so' mueh, this lovely Southern land, ? where the gorgeous flowers bloomed and the birds 1 flitted with the hues of paradice on their wings. . She liked the glowing richness of the Southern days and nights, the forests and fields so unlike anything she had ever seen before; the negroes with their strange talk and gaudy garments, the pleasant house and the pleasant people. She liked it all, and the first sensation of peace and rest she had felt all these months stole into her heart hero. Already it had done her a world of good she was a new being-outwardly at least-although her heart felt as mute and still as ever. Her life's wreck had been so sudden and so dreadful, she had been so stunned and stupefied at first, and the after-anguish so horribly bitter, that this haven of rest was as grateful as some green island of the sea to a shipwrecked mariner. Here there was nothing to remind her of what waB past and gons -here, where everything was new, her poor bruised heart might heal. Captain Delaplaine saw and thanked God grate- fully for the blessed change in the daughter he loved, and yet she was not the Kate of old. All the youth and joyousness of life's spring-time was gone. She sang no more the songs he loved, they were dead and buried in the dead past ; her clear laugh never rejoiced his heart now, har fleeting smile came cold and pale as moonlight on snow. She took no interest in the home she had left, she made no enquiries for those who were there. " I have had a letter from Gower Hall," he would say ; " and they are well." And she would silently bend her head. Or, " I am writing to Gower Hall ; have you any messoge to send ?" " Only my re- gards to Ewy," would bo tho answer ; and then she would stray off and leave him alone. She was as changed to him as she was changed in other things. Grace stood between-an inseparable barrier. * September drew to a close. October came, and with it the time for their departure. Kate left reluctantly ; qhe longed to stay there forever, in that land of the sun,<and forget and be at peace. It was like tearing háfU[-healed wounds open to go bock to a place where everything her eye rested on or her ear heard, from morning till night, recalled the bitter past. But fate was inexorable, farewell must be said to beautiful Georgia and the kind friends there ; and the commencement of the second week of October found them in Atlanta, Btarting on their journey to their* Northern home. (To be continued.) " Buchu-Paiba." - Quick, complete cure, all annoying, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss and Co., Agents, Sydney. ft<if Two Oboanb. - Regulate first the stontLísh second the liver, especially the first, so as to per- form their functions perfectly, and you wUl remove at least nineteen-twentieths of all the illa that mankind is heir to, in this or any other climate. Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters is the only thing that will give perfectlv healthy natural action to these two organs.-Maine Farmer. 