"WHAT IS THE COLONY COMING TO?" [By AB. ORIGINAL.] As you pass down ths street yon will hear people say, "OI what is the colony coining to !" The same weary question's put day after day, " OI what is the colony coming to T The bankers, and merchants, and broken, and clerks, Selectors, and agents, and wicked land-sharks, And even your dog seems to say, as he barks, " O f what is the colony coming to ?' The nnrsegirls with children who happily roam, Cry—" What is the colony coming to V They're a thousand times better off here than " at heme f Vet it's—" What is the colony coming to 7' The bakers loaf round with a woebegone face, i The butchers without any stake, in the place. And sad undertakers (with very bad grace) Cry—" What is the colony coming to ?' The cat on the doorstep won't wash herself now, (For what is the colony coming to 7) She's dirty as Christian when stuck in the Slough, O! what is the colony coming to ? The fowls and the duclu don't seem happy at all (The parrot has told them-hrt picked up the call), And even the horse leans against the tack wall, 3And neighs—"What is the colony coming to ? The sheep, when they're wanted to boll or to roast (O! what is the colony coming to 7) Besignedly sigh and then yield up ibe ghost. O I what is the colony coming to ? The bullocks all welcome their happy release, They kneel for the knife with a smile that speaks peace, 7heir whoas will be over, their troubles shall [ cease „ About—" What is the colony coming to T We're all in the fashion, and keep up the cry Of " What is the colony coming to 7' We like to despond and to snivel and sigh, And say—" What is tbe colony coming to V Our pleasured in pain, though our pain isn't real To this awful extent by a very great d- al. Prosperity put makes us sensitive feel, And cry—" What is tbe colony coming to 7' Only fifty years old, and look at us to- day t Yet—" What is the colony coming to 7' With a different meaning we surely might say— "O! what is the colony coming to 7' Our provident persons more numerous are; Our average savings are gr J.er by far Than in most other coir .ries We're much above par Ȳet It's—" What is the colony coming to 7' These times of depression will certainly come And— ' What is the colony coming to 7' Will always be asked. Ihey would write no, if dumb— •• O ! what Is the colony coming to 7' Tbey used to write, " What shall we do with our boys ?' And our text Is tbe watchword the croaker enjoys - But with statesmen, hard work and a little less 