"FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW." BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of " Annabel's Rival," "Lady Sefton's Pride," " Craeus' Widow," etc. CHAPTER XILL-(CoatDerD.) "Well," said MIr Wilmot, watching with an amused smile Elizabeth's changing colour and trembling hands as she read this paragraph, "shall I honestly earn a hundred pounds, and give the required in. formation to Messrs Bell and Barclay 1" "You do not know my address, Sir," said Elizabeth quickly and indignantly looking up into his face. "Do I not r' answered Mr Wilmot still smiling. "I trust, Miss Gordon, you are in comfortable quarters at Mrs O'Shee's, number- , Cambridge Street 1" "Then," said Eli-abeth yet more in dignantly, "You must have followed me I" "I plead guilty," replied 3Mr Wilmot "Here is my excuse," and he laid his band lightly on the paragraph in the paper containing Elizabeth's description. " What man of taste would allow such a beautiful picture to pass away from his sight I" For a moment Elizabeth was silent, and then she said in a voice of some emotion "MIr Wilmot, I am alone in the world -I have no one to protect me-do you mean to tell them where Iam l" "IMy dear lady, for what do you take me I No, no, certainly not For reasons best known to yourself you have left your home, and I presume your husband-but I shall not even ask you his name, though I could easily get what information I like by a visit to Gray's Inn. But I will not pay that visit. I shall only ask to be allowed the honour of the acquantance of -shall I say Mis Gron?,a " "But this woman," said Elizabeth nervously, "this Mrs O'Shee, may see this advertisement-" "She may, certainly, but it is not likely. The "Times" is nut a piper generally read by her class. "Still if she did-' "Change your rooms then," said 3IMr Wilmot quickly, "and that will prevent all danger. I know some very nice ones -people who may be depended upon; and if you please' I shall ble proud`'to recommend them to your notice." " You are very good-" "Nay," and thecotldsmoile played again over Mr Wilmot's cold lips, "I am only good to myself, for if you take these rooms, I shalLag.ain, know where to find you." These words recalled Elizabeth's almost scattered senses. " "You are very good," she said again, "but perhaps lihad better stay: where I am." 3Ir Wilmot looked at he'curiously with his acute calm eyes. - - "You mean to leave without telling me I" - " What if I did " began Elizabeth; and then rememabering.hermiserable posi tion, she went on piteously, ''Mr Wilmot,. if you are a gentleman, you will not molest or annoy a defenceless woman." "No," he answered, "I will neither molest nor annoy ya-obut in return will you trust in me a little I" "If you like," said Elizabeth falteringly. "BLt, Mr Wilmot, it is better I should not see you-it is better that we should never meet" - "Why !" ., "There are many reasons," answered Elizabeth earnestly, "one of which is that I am seeking a. situation-another that I am alone in the world." - "The very reason for making an acquaintance." Elizabeth lifted her eyes sadly to his face, and shook her head, "You know the world," she said, "how- apt it is to impute evil how slow to believe in good. I ask you then as an hondurable man not to expose me to its mijust suspicins." - "I know the world," answered Mr Wilmot, slowly, "but I heed it not The old story Miss-may I say Gordon ?-of the man who painted a picture and asked each friend to put a blot on any spot which displeased him, until the who!e canvas was destroyed by his various fault finders, is a true representation of it. What is a fault in one person's estima tion is a beauty in anothers. Thus, if we were to hear the true opinion of friends, we should be all blots-our chief perfections would certainly seem faults to some. No, the world I care to court and lire for, is my own pleasure." " I can scarcely understand any one saying su," said Elizabeth "Not saying so, I believe, but you know many I am certain who do it.". "Perhaps," and Eliiabeth's thoughts went back to Dick's selfish passion- to her own wasted and enmbitteredlife "Don't take me for a monstei.of in-. iquity though, pray," went.on 3Ir Wilmot with a light laugh, "because Iam honest enough to tell you that.when I want a thing I try to get it .It is- every man's creed, Miss Gordon, only'I profess it." " But,"-said Elizabeth hesitatingly and blushing, "our keeping tip our acquaint ance with each other could do no good. I am a married woman, as you know; I am poor and unhappy." " Yet you see I wish to"'keepl yoii ac quaintance, so I try for it," answered Mr Wilmot with another'smile. "But see,". he added, quietly attracting Elizabeth's attention to a policeman who was atten tirely observing them, "yon man in blue with his oiff?icial eye fixed on the tall. straight form described in the "Times.??" The adrertistment" l n' hii"do?bht been read in Modslaad Yad this morning byv many an anxious would-be winner of the hundred pounds. Let "us circumrerit this- especial one though. Allow ine to walk quietly by your side until we reach your rooms, and then permit me to enter the house with you, as if we both be longed to it This will throw the fellow offe the scent, for, believe me, he. fancides that he is on the right track now."' Elizabeth looked at the policeman and then at MIr Wilmot The man as watch ing them, no doubt, and Elizabeth's heart sank within her at the prospect of dis covery-at the dread of once more seeing Richard Horton. " Cime with me," she said faintly, and MIr Wilmot quietly walked down- the street by her side, saying in - the coolest and easiest tone imaginable just as they passed the policeman. " But it will be a horid sell won't it, if it turns out to be scarlat I It plays the very deuce, you know, with young children." CHAPTER XIX. I.'-lHEtP'S CLOTHIXCG. \- That ant baLd. i-os it '" hle said with cool satisfaction at his own audacity, as ther reached Mrs OFhee's doort: "Thie man in blue believes no ilmlut atthis m,,iment that we-were speaking of aome dear little Tommr or Johunns. nt to cheer orr eartdu plyuiml'ant nitatht his enlivenin" Elzibethdid n,,t jpeak. She was uafraid andl aImaituel and -ilently led ithe wy op ,airs to the drawiD-rUms tle door lmain' been open by a L'-;a Lful old charnorune wt-,h a huge rites black e bonnet on'her head, Mrs 'YSlee lasin" lbed n vet unable to, m?er with a .l,.u etic to s'it her -fter 3Mars lepartm-e. . Thi is- a nice or'm" said M3 r Wilmot. calmlay .-r--evi"g Elizabett'- sitting-room rfter he had entered it..'. It looks so perlapsp i;iswered Fliza beth. "but it i not. Thea are moot un tidrs-pople who have the hoass-?-" SWho are thier?" askitl MIr Wilmot -The lanllads saves hIei Isband'is a cergyman. but- " -Of course I's not. However that is eagily found at. What i his name?" 7 "'he Rev. Michael O'Shee." - \- The Re.- 3erihael O'She, .wote .tr Whlmnt in his pocket- book.--- I·sball look the reverend gentleman up when ge h-to mr teems. 1 wonder if Ibis some Michael "Thoco are a good many atrangeep in this neighborhood. But what about this advertisement? I presume yon don t wish anyone to win the promised rewanlrd?" -"No, no, certainly not." "Yet there isthe greatest possible danger of some one doing so, if you go out dressed as you are into the streets. We may have check-mated one policeman, but how do we know that the lynx-eyes of another may not be cast upon you to- morrow r,~' ;" "Whatcan Ido " said Elizabeth g ria sitting down, and covering her faqeo wit her hand. ' "I would say let me go and bor. you some golden dye of the cheiiisr't~a the corner of the street, only I cannot make up my mind to ask you to destroy the lovely huie of your hair. But I tell you what youn can doc-dange your dress and wear your hair differently. And, best of all, don't go out for the next week or so." " But I must-I must seek employment." "Pardon me-don't think me rude, but can I lend you any money ? I will do so with the greatest possible pleasure." No, no. said Elizabeth statin-" up. "I hare enough, quite enoughlbait l4iaqk you. "Pray don' t. I only meant that having left our home youn might not foresee that you will require as much as no doubt you will, if you are seeking employment fit for a lady in this bus- wilderness. Do not umistnderstand me--I do not mean any thing rude, bhut I mean can I do anytlhing for you--can I help you in any way ?' "I fear not.- said Elizabeth sidly. "but I thank you for your kindness." \--Then I will take my leave," ..ail-Mr Wilmot, rising, for having gained his end, and obtraned an entrance into Elizabeth's rooms, lie was too acute to pay a long visit there. "Take my advice," he went on, "and don't go out for a day or two at least, and if I hear of any more inquiries I will let you know.- And then, with eharaeer istic coolness, he bowed" and took his departure, leaving Elizabeth a prey to the most cruel anxiety. From her melancholy reflections, how ever, she was speedily aroused by a visit from her landlady. "Sure your friend is a foine tall man, mo dear." -aid 3Mrs O'Shee,liarvilgiititledl herself Inf? the roo?f onuithl pgetext ol seeing'if Elizabeth's firs were good; "lIe remojnt" ued, f? e at?e brpthe ow Capt. an' of tohe Dublin Militia. Hand some Jack, the gorls. psed to call him in tme young idays. ant they were ding in hundhreds for the.luve..tofltim, I can tell ye!" -Indeed!" said Elizabeth. "And hadn't he a woife of his own, the cly fellow.all the time too!" laughed 3Mrs Cshee. - Butt he was the living iuage of the gintleman that je-t Iefte , : for '1Au to M1r O'Shee ;L he paIsed the dining-roimn windows. " -are therses J.ack' ghost, if iver a gloast w-a'ina ivitn l?o?l 1 " ip t1 is abuhtut t rao-thnger to nie, said Elizabeth collls. "Well, thif -~l Itpe helwe i on remain one. for young people swant anrusing, and I thlink ye'r buts dnll-erself lt titiies,?iei' lear ?" I am in London on .vecr-.erious busi ntess," an-wertl Elizaeth. Whoy not consult "Mr O Sheu thi? n though I sa'itinteelf whol, lindn~e i I, he s a clever man, ihouo~h rot 'so sharp a his neighbors. But for a troifling coanider ation lihell wind- up vt er affidrs forTgin rat, thine. so that yell not know thet again this. and at tile jrotesqulte little igure before hier: ' \- And if its a little -iineti c re wanting to, entertain this "intleman with at onr titmie now ye ve nothinug to do but to give me the money, and?- II get it'for ye. Ye ve not a hald appetite ver-elf, me dear. as I said to -ir plt.?-he' .ye,-ýt.i4 rld nle down yesterda "BTiut Iloike to see that it's a goaod ig when the mate- doesn't git stale in the house." In Mrs O'Shie's there ertainly did not seem any fear of such an accident. Eliza betih was amnazed when her week's bill catne up at tihe quantity of butcheris meat she appeared to have uonsumd:2' A-le of mutton had totally disppean?e after being served up once. "for a tirestine little curly black dog," Mrs O'Shee. declared. hadI snatched it out of the lintry window be fore she eotld turn herself rountL. Many visits the little curly dog had apparently paid to the pantry window since;: and it was only tie lhrinking dread of going aotin among utter strangers, and the idea that it would only be for a short time, that induced Elizabeth to pui up wit .tth, in tense dli'comiforts bof 3r O'Sliee s? utart tnlents. What annoved ilernmost was the constant in'rnsion into he=rolrrieub; this prving Irisrwoman. iShe always seemed to lie wmatching everything, and there was an :tn.?r slhift- lkulokin bhe glance tfha wI not-vern cosfortalkte totncotrnter.r t -The leev. M3ichael, Elizabeth never be hehl, but on every o'rxs-ion Fi; O'Shee appealled to lits;5nme ti P `,itjwas the lay figu-e on which ehiel?iungier various ideas. It eas "sire as 3lr O'Shee tuas just saying." or " me lut b antl. now : thinks tlds /oi that. M3rs O( Se was msesl enough to prolphes then that y" er friend, the foine tall gentle wan the r¢.ýrt ýrhrt,,r'pfn> tti ' teth s annoyance, tlerefore, was intense when. on the following afternoon, just as the winter evening was gathering in, Mrs O'Shee herself tlhrew open the diinng-room dnor,and with a-dielighted air anouncedrl .rDont frron- on nie .aj dreadfullyR, jsleu'e" said tlhat ,rentleman. advancein" topwanr Elizaufetl irwinf 'rittn"i'imoirxitfiil hmirisnhg it- tile fire, anti whit eexpression Atihen she sawt lrht l tut it not-, sve t.en 'er- g-ratifying to her viitor. "I w'ould not hair.,ume 'oqn l., ?1.t~t.1 aO.O - thling to tell you. "What i it?" said Elizabeth, ri-ing, antid wvith sotwretJinofiher uld.grantt an' nerpointingto a cha .. -. - "It's been horrimbly elid t wla-y, hasnit it?" said 3fr Wlumot.r siling. \- Yes. ansiwered ElizahethT, wondering if hle lhel come to dieus thlle wivether. "I amn a kind of walking harometer," went -on Mr WilMotn -evei chuide W; atntniaphere atfects met. ' Paolon iie," I.i added, anti lie sluddlenly ro andt opetdI tih door, and ,li-cotered as hie did so, Mrs O'Shee kneeling outsiitde with liher ear to the key-lhole! SFor a moment tile cnvictetd listener-was -peechle~,3 r Wilmot looking down oupo tier with a grim .-mile; bhut tile next hier cotical a'-sllrance retlurned. ' Sure Td j?-t popped downon tme knies and was '-ainn- te prayers." .aid IMrs O lShee 'as well I moight. seeinDg its too -ooin to lilght the gas. andti be"in any nseful emplovment." "Prar allow me o a-i,-- von to rise. maditan." mid Mlr Wimot. "and conduitci yson to ~snme more convenient pottvs Lcol elde your devotions. "Ah! now ye're vet obliinr,. sir." replied Mrs O'hlee, kkliraf tio ife~fetr with thie asistance of tihe iuand that Mr Wilmor extendeud toher, ,"Sre, ? Itid mne voung frieud here, ye re +the imn' iniage of me" dear brothler--a ihaiL, folne. tauit-me manl he ?.- jnt k,.fiki e f anti all the latliesi mahre urtl hin where \- :I have not tis happy-?Wrepeiene then, madam." said Mr Wimo?-~t?.e-..a , "Ah, it'- jitr s'h re-are-on ye re own miritsCanswere, lth ewrethedalidle-miam somperintaasad giegng' -"A fairlailr'vve Wl until witnm h?0l :ic temiance '-bi. pr-m, do not meluw mato interruptqour iitihgh devotions anty lonr r -Iall havre much pleasurim seeing rou godotn-. " And so I shall, thin Mmd 3If Otbi'le&: ','31a poor i l1n, nl._ tl, as-ill l.o ,+,,n *ith aatitW infthi un iilr ill.: amprearotl. m SAfter ail aid .M.- Wllot-u- simtaina fie door, and retti-ni ?tinsath t ob wai;ir Eih liemb?d.·was- utanding- '"_the "ehmi tai" cuoitenanie a: sadtaleteller.r 3rsO he&e; opnede the dsor-fom e; and inanthly · . . . . + detected that she would listen to our con veration." - "It is disgraceful," answered Elizabeth. "It would have been annoying certainly if she had overheardn what I carne to s;'v, went on Mr Winot, "for I regret to tell you that I bring bad neweo - (To be Conaiuss.) I? .AThe ý. sad undlre curc for (:ravel or ,rinar troubls, ir Hop Bitters. Prove it. bit bhravm efronteiy, character:es d ldersAisd ipmortco repyeent imitations of -VoLt ci Sena rrt?. tso be espable of eradicat ing the same diseases and to paesas n fine a flavour as that prime medicinal beverage. The public soon find them out and repudiate their concoctions; which are not only hurt fol, but in many instances very repanmantto the taste. The People Want Proof.-There is no medicine prescribed by physicians, or sold by Druggists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as BoscnEe's GE-?tax Sraoer for severe Coughs, Colds, settled onthe breast, Consumption, or any ?i?ease oftfie 'hriat and Lung: A proof of that fait is that'aiy person affiieted can get a Sample Bottle for 9d and try its supe rioreffect before bnying the regular size is 4s 6d. It has lately been introduced in that country from Germany, and its wonderful cnres are 'stonishing every one that uses it. Three doses ill relieveany case. Try it. All Chemists Storekeepers Wholesale by locSE,' Toitrsrrr & Co., 1elbour.e 