fSS STORYTELLER, To Call Her Mine. | By Waiter Besant.] j Author of '* All Sorts and Conditions of Men' ' The \ Revolt of Man.' ' Dorothy Forster ?' Children of Gibeon ,' %c. Chapter IX.— AT SIDCOTE. We took David away with us; but the old man was J right; he was insufferably tedious. To begin with, his I mind seemed absorbed ; he answered our questions shortly, I and showed no curiosity or interest in us, and pretended no I pleasure at seeing us again; he was lumpish and -moody. I In fact, though at the time one could not know, he was j laboriously arranging in liis mind the revenge which he J was about to take upon his uncle ; and he was not one I of those men who can think of move than one thing at a time. 'Mother,' said George, 'I've brought David Leighan to dinner. He came home last night.' The old lady g;ave him her hand, without the least appearance of surprise that David had returned in so tattered a condition. To be sure, Joseph Exon's kindly offices had made a difference, yet he looked rough and ragged still ; his wanderings had clearly ended in failure. ' You are welcome, David,'' she said. ' You will tell us after dinner some of your adventures. I hope you are come to settle again among your own people.' ' My own people,' he said, ' have been so kind, that I am likely to settle among them.' ' I will take David up -stairs, mother,'' said George, ' for a few moments ; then we shall be ready.' Everything at Sidcote looked as if it had always been exactly' the same and had never changed. In winter, with the snow lying on the tors and the lanes knee-keep in mud, Sidcote looked as if it was always winter. In the summer, with the old, old garden ablaze with flowers and the green apples turning red or yellow on the old branches, it seemed as if it must be always summer. In the parlour, where Mrs. Sidcote sat, the Bible before her, it seemed as if the dear old lady must have been always old and silver-haired ; certainly she must always have been gentle and gracious. A farmer's daughter, a farmer's wife, and a farmer's mother — can such be a gentlewoman? It is borne in upon nae, my brothers, more and more, aud the longer I live, that gentleness doth not consist in gentle blood. Some noble lords there are of whom one has heard— but the thing may be false — that they are mere ruffians, devourers, and tramplers upon virtue and fair honour ; some noble ladies, it is whispered— but, indeed, I know them not— are mere seekers of pleasure, selfish, frivolous, and heartless. Whereas, certainly in all tanks of life there are those who naturally follow the things which make for unselfishness, sweetness, sacrifice, and well-doing. Mrs. Sidcote was one of these. A little pleasant- voiced and pleasant-looking dame— now 60 years old or thereabouts, who will, I make no manner of doubt, live to be 95 at least. The window of her room looks upon the garden, which is, as I have said, ancient, and full of old trees and old fashioned flowers, set and planted in antique fashion. The house is old, too — built of stone, with low rooms— two storeyed, and thatched. Between the house and the road is the farm-yard, so that one cannot get to the garden-gate without taking observation of George's pigs and poultry. When they came down stairs, David presented a little more of his old appearance. There remained a certain slouching manner -which suggested the tramp, 'andjthe side long look, half of suspicion, half of design, which is also common to the tramp ; but as yet we knew nothing of his past life and adventures. George had fitted him with a clean shirt and collar— it is only at such times that one recognises the great civilising influence of the white collur — a necktie, socks— actually, he had not worn socks, he casually told Georgre, for five years — a pair of boots, some what too large for him, because George's size of boots was proportionate to his length of limb ; and a pockethandker chief. The pocket- handkerchief is even a greater civilis ing influence than the collar. It i6 not in Bight, and yet if one has a pocket* handkerchief one must necessarily — one cannot choose— but to live up to it. But a change of clothes does not immediately produce a change of manner; ! it takes time for the collar and the handkerchief to work. David looked moody and resentful. When he was dresBed be sat down to dinner. Then it was that we made a very painful discovery. Our friend, we found, had entirely forgotten the simplest rules of manners, the very simplest. It was clear that he j must have gone down very low indeed in the social scale in order to get at those habits which he now exhibited. Were they acquired in tho Pacific, or in Australia, or in America, where, as we afterwards learned, David had spent his years of exile? I think in none of these places, because, though there are plenty of unsuccessful Englishmen everywhere. The Grey Wether Stone, Grimspound. — Chapter X.— To Call Her Mine. it is not reported that they make haste to throw off the manners of decent folk. He lost his manners because he had lost his self-respect, which is a very different thing from losing your money. Let us refrain, from details, and observe only in general terms that he helped himself to food with fingers as well as with fork. After all, fingers came before forks, wliich is the reason why forks have four prongs. It shall suffice to mention that, the principal dish being a pair of roast fowls, he munched the bones and threw them on the floor; that he helped himself, with a wolfish haste, as if there was not enough to go round, and every man most graib what he could ; and, like a savage or a wild beast, he looked about him jealously while he was eating, as if someone might snatch his food from him. During the operation of taking his food he said nothing, nor did he reply if he was addressed; and he ate enough for six men ; he drank as if he would never get tired of George's cider, which is an excellent beverage, but deceptive if you are so ill-advised as to think it has no trength. The old lady began to question him; but David either did not hear, being wholly engrossed with his feeding, | or else was too sulky and bearish to reply. Therefore she ceased to try ; and we all sat looking on with pallid cheeks and ruined appetites, pretending not to notice that our guest had become a savage. Can one ever forget the way in which that delicate currant-and-rsspberry pie — in London, they call it ' tart — ' was, with its accompaniment of cream, dainty, rural, and poetical, mercilessly wolfed by this greedy Orson? As soon as possible, Mrs. Sidcote, who usually sat and talked a while after dinner, withdrew, and left us to battle with our guest. After dinner, George produced a bottle of port. ' There is not much left,' he said with a sigh. 'My father's cellar is nearly finished ; but it will last my time. We will drink the last bottle together, Will, on my last day in Sidcote' At all events, we drank very little of that bottle; Mary Nethercote preparing for visitors. — Chafteh X. — To Call IIeii Mint:. for David clutched the decanter, poured out a tumbler full, drank it off, and then another tumbler. Now, two tumblers full of port, after a quart or so of cider, is a good allowance for any man. VV hen David bad taken his second tumbler' he made aB if he would say something. Perhaps he had it in his mind to say something gracious, for his lipB moved, but no voice was heard. Then he got up and reeled to the sofa, on which he threw hiniFelf like a log, and was asleep in a moment. He was like an animal filled with food, who must sleep it off. It was remarkable that he lay in the attitude most affected by the sleeping tramp— namely, on his face. You will generally find the tramp, who rests by the wayside, sleeping with his face on his arms. Perhaps because this position affords more rest in a short time than any other ; perhaps becausc it saves the shoulders from the hardness of the ground. David, therefore, lay in this attitude, and breathed heavily. ' We have not had much of the bottle, haye we, old man?' said George. 'Never mind; let us go into the garden and have a pipe in the shade.' We took chairs with us, and sat in the old- fashioned garden of Sidcote, under a gnarled and ancient apple tree. 'Our David,' I said,' was always inclined to be loutish. He has been developing and cultivating that gift for six years— with a pleasing result.' ' There is something on his mind,' said George. ' Perhaps he will tell us what it iB; perhaps not. David was never particularly open about himself. Strange that he should begin by looking for bis uncle's grave ! Why did be think that be was dead?'' ' He believed what he hoped, no doubt.' 'la the evening, Harry Rabjahns tells me, he hada kind of fit— a hysterical fit of fcughing and crying— in the inn.' 'That wac perhaps because he had learned that his uncle was still alive.' This was indeed the case, though not in the sense I intended, ' And this morning, the first dayof his return, be begins with a row with his uncle. Well, there is going to be mischief at Gratnorr.' ' Why, what mischief can there he r5' -'I drn't D&yid; wept aw&y; cjjrsijig [his pncle, After six years he comes back cursing him again. _ When I a man broods over .1 wrong for six years, mischief does 1 generally follow. First of all, the old man will do nothing for him. Do you understand that? There was a solid obstinacy in his eyes while be listened to David. Nothing is to be got out of him What will David do ?' ' He will go away again, I suppose, unless he takes farm work.' 'David is as obstinate as his uncle. And he is not altogether a feol, although he did take to drink and ruined himself. And' there will be mischief.' ' George, old man, I return to my old thought. If you and Maiy marry without 'Id Dan's consent, her fortune goes to David. Does David know ?' ' I should think not.' ' To which of the two would the old man prefer to hand over that money ?' ' To Mary, certainly.' ' So I think. Then don't j'ou see' that some good may j come out of the business after all?' 'It may come, but too late to save Sidcote. He means to have Sidcote. My days here are numbered. Well, it is a pity after live hundred years — ' he looked around at the inheritance about to pass away from him— only a farm of three hundred acres, but his father's and his greatgreat grandfather's—and he was silent for a moment. 'As for work, what would I grudge if I could keep the old place ! But I know th$t over at Gratnor there sits, watch ing and waiting his chance, the man who means to have, my land, and will have it before the end of the year.' ' Patience, George. Anything may happen.' ' He i6 a crafty and a dangerous man, Will. We can say here what we cannot say in Mary's presence. He is more crafty and more dangerous now that he is paralysed and cannot get about among his fields than he was in the old days. He cannot set at me by the same arts as he employed for David. He cannot persuade me to drink, and to sign agreements and borrow money when I am drunk. Bnt tbe bad times have done for me what drink did for David.' So we talked away the afternoon in a wither gloomv rt.. Life is no more free from sharks in the country in the town ; there are in Arcadia, as well as in London, vultures, beasts, and birds of prev, who sit and watch their chance to rend the helpless. ?V,^?dp?i'he.8,aid',summi^'P. 'I shall have to part with the old family place, and begin in the world again ? returned*' d WCDt °Ut' ^ retum- PerhaPs, as he v MXo,nSe?rec; s?me, JhinSs are possible, but not pro bable. That you should come back as David has come back is not possible.' At that moment the man of whom we spoke came slowlv out of the house, rubbing his eyes. ' When you are among the blacks,' he said, ' you never get enough to eat. And as for their drink, especially th^ stuff they call orora, it is enough to make a dog 41 Then you have beeu among the blacks, David?' It was the first hint be had given of his adventures. He lighted his pipe and began 1o smoke it lazily, leaning against the porch. Then he talked, with intervals of puffing at the pipe. ' Six years ago,' he said, ' six years it was come October the twentieth, that I left Challacombe with £50 for all the money I had in the world. Yes— £60, instead of Berry Down that I'd begun with. Who'd got the land?' He pointed in the direction of Gratnor with a gesture which was meant for hatred and unforgivingness. ' Ha ' after I went away it seems that he had an ugly accident. No one knows the cause of that atcident.' He grinned as if he was pleased to think of it. 'Quite a judgment— quite. A clear judgment I call it. Where did I go first, now? I took passage at Falmouth for New York, and there I stayed ; it's a fine town for them as have j got money, full of bars and drinking saloons, and— and- all sorts of pretty things. So I stayed there till all the money | was gone— what's the good of £50? Better enjoy it, and have done with it. I made it last a good bit — two months and more. Then I looked about for work. Well ; it's a terrible hard place when you've got no money, and as for work, the Irish get all there is. By that I'd made a few friends, and we thought we'd go westwards. There was a dozen or more of us, and we moved on together, sometimes getting odd jobs, sometimes legging it, and sometimes taking the cars. When there was 110 work, and I don't know that any of them were anxious — not to say anxious — to Ret work, we tramped around among the farms, and sometimes among the houses where the women are left all alone, and the men go oil' to town. It isn't easy for a woman to say ' No,' when a dozen men come to ihe door and there isn't' another man within a mile. Sometimes we would go to a saloon and play monty. Sometimes we would do a trade. My pals were a clever lot, and I often wonder why they took ine with them. A clever lot, they were. But the band got broken up by degrees. One got shot for kissing a farmer's wife ; and another got hanged for steal ing a horse ; and another got bis two legs amputated after a row over the cards. The odd thing was'— here David looked inexpressible things— ' that all the men had done something, except me. That was curious now. You wouldn't expect in this country if you met a gang of tramps that they'd all done something, would you? All but me. They were anxious to know what I'd done. I told T i-rll f trt llO «Trt ^-\tia fllOTT an-MAll Some of them were for my going home at once and doing it. Well, it might have been a year, and it might have been a dozen years, before those of us who were left found ourselves at San Francisco, where we parted company. I couldn't settle down very well — I don't know why. If a man begins wandering he keeps on wandering, I suppose, llow can a man settle down who's got no land of his own to settle on? So I— I moved on, after a bit. It was a pity to part when one had made friends, but there— it couldn't be helped.'' He stopped at this point, to collect himself, 1 suppose. Or perhaps to consider what portions of his autobiography would be best repressed. We looked at each other in amazement. By his own statement — it was not a con fession : there was no sense of shame about the man— by his own unblushing statement he had, only a few weeks after leaving England, where he had once been a substan tial yeoman, the companion and equal of respected, honour able men, willingly consorted with a gang of roughs, who bad all done something, and gone with them tramping along the roads of the States. How can a man fall so quickly ? ' Well,' David resumed, ' I was bound to move on somewhere. Presently, I heard of a ship that was going to the Pacific, and I went aboard as carpenter, and we sailed about. It wasn't a lucky ship, and she was wrecked one night in a storm and all hands lost— except me. At least, I suppose so, because I never saw nor hearl of any of them alter wards. 1 was thrown ashore on an island called, as 1 learned afterwards, New Ireland, and the people were going to spear me and eat me, when a German saved my life. Baron Sergius something, his name was. He could talk their language, and they worshipped hiiri. I stayed there— perhaps a year— there's no way of telling how the time goes. Then a ship came, and took me off. The Baron was left behind, and I dare say he's eaten by this time. This ship was unlucky, too ; the captain set lire to her one night, and we had to' take to the boats, where they were all starved to death, except the mate aud me ? ' ' Good Lord 1' cried George, ' here are adventures enough for a volume ; and he reels them off as if they were quite common occurrences ' They picked us up, and brought us to Sydney ; wc had bad weather on the way, and were like to have foun dered ? ' ' Do you always bring disaster to every vessel that you go aboard of ?' I asked. ' But we got in safe and — and — well, that's all ; I came home.' ' And what are you going to do, now you are come home, David?' ' I will tell you, George, in a day or two. The old man says he will do nothing i'or me — we'll see to that presently. He's turned the old farmhouse at Berry i:;to two cottages, ar.d the buildings are falling to pieces. Says I can take up mv quarters in one of the cottages if I like : that is liberal, isn t it r And I am to earn my living how I can : that's generous, isn't it ?' ' Try conciliation, David.' ,. ' ; I think I know a better plan than concilia tion.' r was all that David told us. We saw, indeed, very little of him, after this day. He took what we gave him without a word of thanks, and he did not pretend the least interest in cither of us or our doings or our welfare. Yet ne liad known both of us all his life, and he was but five or six j ears older. A strange return ! Knowing now all that 1 Know, I am certain that he was dazed and confounded, first, at finding his unclc alive, and next at the reception he met with. He was thinking of these things and of that new plan of his, yet iniperteet, bv which he could wreak revenge upon his uncle. This made liim appear duller and more stupid than was his nature. Wc sat waiting for more experiences, but none came, {low, tor instance, one would have been pleased to inquire, ffl-mp an honest Devonshire man to consort with a gang of fellows who had all 'done something,' and were roving and tramping about the country ready to do something else. Before David lost his land he used to drink, but not with rogues and tramps. Yet now he confessed without any shame to having been their companion — a tramp and vaga bond himself, and the associate of rogues. By what process does a man descend so low in the short space of two or three weeks as to join such a company? I looked curiously at Iiis face ; it was weather-beaten and bronzed, but there was no further revelation in the lowering and moody look. ' I dare say,' he went on, 44 that you were surprised when I came 'to look for his grave ? ?' ' It is not usual,' I said, 'to ask for the grave of living men.' 44 I was so certain that he was dead,' he explained, ' that I never thought to ask. Quite certain I was ; why ' — here he stopped abruptly— 'I was so certain that I was going to ask what it was he died of. Yes; I wanted to know how he was killed.' 'You said someone told you that lie was dead. Who was that 5'' ' I will tell you now, not that you will believe me; but it is true. He' told me himself that he was dead.' ' I do not say, David, that this is impossible, because men may do anything. Permit me to remark, however, that you' were in America, and your uncle was in England. That must have made it difficult for your uncle to talk with you.' '? That is so,' he replied. ' What I mean is, that every night — it began after I'd been in New \orlc and got through my money— every night, after I went to sleep, his cursed ghost used to come and sit on my bed. 4 David,' he said, 4 I'm dead.' A lot more he said that you don't want ! to liear. 4 David, come home quick,' he said. 4 David, I'll ] never leave you in peace until you do come home,' he said, j Eveiy night, mind you. Not once now and again, but j every night. That's the reason why I came home. The j ghost has left off coming, now ' j ' That is truly wonderful.' j ' What did he do it for V' asked David, angrily. 'He'd | got my land. Well, as for— as for — what happened, my score wasn't paid off by that ? ' j ' What did happen 'r' ' I 'Never mind. He'd got my land still; and I was a ! tramp. What did he want to get by it ?' j ' You don't mean, David, that your uncle deliberately i . i«. ? i ? ».«- i , i - n, ,wmmi ,, . ? ? n i i i ?? . n.i .. .1 , 11. Grimspound — a Reminiscence. — Chapteii X. — To Call Her Mine. haunted you every night? No one ever heard of a living man's ghost haunting another living man. A dead man's i ghost may haunt a living man, perhaps, though I am not ! prepared to hack that statement with any experiences of my i own. Perhaps, too, a living man's ghost may haunt a dead | man; that would be only fair. Turn and turn about, j you see. But for a live uncle to haunt a live nephew — no, I David, no.' j 44 He is crafty enough 'for anything. I don't care who j done it,' said David, ' it was done. Every night it was I done. And that's why I came home again. And since j he's fetched me home on a fool's errand, he's got to j keep me.' 14 But it wasn't his fault that the ghost came. Man alive! he wanted his own ghost for himself. Consider, he couldn't get on without it !' 44 He brought me home, and he's got to keep me,' said David, doggedly. Then he put on his hat and slowly j slouched away. i 44 He is going to drink at the inn,' said George. 44 1 am ' glad he had tbe grace not to get duink here. Will, i there is something uncanny about the man. Why should he have this horrible haunting dream every night r'' 44 Remorse for a crime which he wished he had com ; mitted, perhaps. An odd combination, but possible. If he had murdered his uncle he might have been haunted in this way. Wishes he had murdered him, you see. Imagination supplies the rest.' ' My opinion, Will, is that in the band of pals tramping j across the North American Continent the exception spoken | of by David did not exist. They had all, every one, with- I out exception, 4 done something.' And now, lad, we'll j walk over to Gratnor, and have tea with Maty.' | ? ! Chapter X. — GRIMSPOUND. j On the next day, Monday, a very singular and inexpli- ! cable thing happened — nay, two singular things — the full meaning of which I did not comprehend until accident — old-fashioned people would call it Providence— put the solution into my hands. There is one place near Challacombe which those love most who know it best. Especially is it desirable when the air is still, and the sun burns in the valley, and in the narrow lanes around the slopes and outer fringe of the great moor. For my own part, it is iike a holy place of pilgrim age, whither one goes time after time, and never tires of it, j for refreshment of the soul and the eye. I left Sidcote at i 8, before the morning freshness was quite gone from the air, though the snn at the end of July has then already | been up for four hours, and followed the road which leads ' through Heytree Gate past Heytree Farm on the left, and | the coppice on the right, where there was a solitary chiff- I chaff singing all by himself on the top of a tree. TLe road t leads to Widdicombe-on-the-moor — the last place in these J islands where the Devil appeared visibly, having much » wrath, before he sent the lightning upon the church and killed many of the congregation. After Heytree, the road runs for the best part of a mile over the open down where Mr. Leighan met his accident, until one comes to Hewed stone Gate, where there is another farmhouse, and where he who would stand upon the place of which I speak must turn to the right and follow the stream, which soon grows narrower until it becomes a trickling rill falling down a steep hillside, and the rill becomes a thread of water, and the hill grows steeper, and the thread disappears and becomes a green line leading to still greener quags, higher and higher up the hille. It is an immense great hog's back of a hill, three miles long from end to end ; the ridge at the top is not steep and narrow, hut half a mile broad at least, covered with heath and heather and whortleberry bushes, There is no path across Harnil Down, but this flat plain is the most glorious place in the world— even better than the long ridge of Malvern — to walk along on a warm summer day. The turf, before you reach the top, is dry and spongy to the tread ; it is covered with the little yellow flowers of the tornieutilla ; here and there is gorse with its splendid yellow, and among the gorse you may find the pretty pink blossoms of the dodder, if you look for it. If you climb higher the wind begins to whistle in your ears, wliich is the first sign of being upon a mountain side. You may sit on i Primrose Hill all tbe year round, and the wind will never convert your ear into an Eolian harp ; but climb tiie side of Helvellyn or walk over the Sty Head Pass, and before vou have gone very far the old familiar ringing whistle begins, though the air below seemed still and the breeze had ! dropped. When you have reached tho top, turn to the j right and walk to King's Tor, the northern point of Hamil j Down, and then sit down. There was a barrow here once, j and at some unknown time it was opened, and now lies ! exposed and desecrated. Within is the round grave, cased j with stones brought up the hill from below and ranged in a ! cuplike shape, in which they laid the bodv of the great, I | illustrious, and never- to-be-forgotten King. I will show j I you presently the place where he died, from which they j brought him in long procession — the men and women alike long-haired, fair-skinned, and ruddy-cheeked— all mourn 1 ing and lamenting. I know not the tunes of the hymns ! they sang, but I fear there was sacrifice at the graveside, j and that the soul of that King was accompanied by many ' indignant souls of those who were slain to bear him com pany. It was a long time ago, however, and the thing | itself wants confirmation; wherefore, let us shed no tears. J They have laid open the grave and taken away the torquils, bracelets, and crown of the King. Then, if there were any bones of him, they left them uncovered, so that the rains fell upon them and tue frosts tore them apart, and now there is but a little dust, which you cannot distinguish from the earth that lies around the grave. It is a high place, however, and beside it are boulders, where one can sit and look around. On the north-east is Ease Down, with its long slopes and the granite pile upon its highest point; and below Ease Down, Manaton Tor ; above the church and below Manaton, a spur runs out between the valleys, and there are Latchell Tor, Nvmpenbole, and the Ridge. Below Nympenhole stands Gratnor, where Mary is at this moment. I know it well, and I can fancy tbat I see her making a fruit- pie for dinner and a cake for tea. I am 6ure that she has a white apron on— one of the long things up to the throat — her sleeves are rolled up, and she stands before the board with the rolling-pin and the pastry, taking great pains wiih the cake, because we are going to Gratnor to have tea with her, and after tea we shall walk along the ridge and talk. Poor Mary ! must she give up Challacombe [ and Sidcote, and go far afield with George in search of kinder fortune? Beyond Manaton Tor you look down upon the rocky sides of Lustleigh Cleeve : turning your head to the east and south-east there rises before you a glorious pile of hills, | one beyond the other. I say not tbat they are mountains, but I want no fairer hills. There is Hayne Down, with its boulders thrown down the front as if they were pebbles shaken from a young giant maiden's apron— this is, I believe, the scientific and geological explanation of their origin; there is Hound Tor, with its granite castle ; behind it Hey Tor, with its two great black pyramids ; on the right of Hey Tor, there are Bippin Tor and Honeybag. Six miles away, hidden among 'the hills and woods, is Widdi combe church, the cathedral of the moor. Turn to the west, and eight miles away you can seeKes Tor, where still stand the foundations of the houses built by those who placed the boulders in a circle, and filled them in with turf, and then, with branches end larch pole and more turf, made the place weather tight and snug. With no chimney and a cheerful fire of crackling sticks and plenty of smoke they i made themselves truly comfortable on winter nights, though somewhat red and inflamed about the eyes in the morning. South of Kes Tor there stretches the open moor, bounded by more tors in every direction. We are among the ever lasting hills. A thousand years in their sight is but as yesterday. As these T3fiA'tetand now, the grass climbing slogly over the rockB, so they stood a thousand years ago— 1 the grass a few inches lower down, the rocks the same, the ! slopes the same. Overhead a hawk, poised ju&t; as one sees [ now; the rabbits run about the heather, just as they do now ; and as now, the shifting shadows coursed across the slopes, and the curves of the hillsides changed continually as the sun like a giant rejoiced to run his course. We come and go, and are no more seen ; but the hills remain. I suppose that atter millions of years they too will dis appear, with the light of the sun, and the sweet air, and i the green herbs, and flowers, atid all the creatures ; and then there will be darkness and death for all creation. But the Hand which started the myriads ot worlds and set them steadfast in their orbits can recreate them and make a newer and a better world, of which this is but a shadow. There was not a soul upon Hamil Down except myself. There never is, except sometimes about this season when the whortleberries are ripe, or when a shepherd comes in search of his Dartmoor flocks, or a wayfarer crosses from Challacombe over the hill, instead of coming round the road ; or when one comes this way who knows the moor, and is not afraid of being belated, and ventures to make a shortcut from Post Bridge— built of three flat slabs of stone by the nameless King who was buried on this Tor— by way of Vitifer to Challacombe or Moreton Harnp stead. I had the whole of the great flat ridge to myself as I left King's Tor and walked briskly southwards, avoiding the green quagmires which lie here and there, a pitfall to the many. Iialf-way along this upland plain there stands an upright stone. It is not a cross ; nor is it, so far as one can judge, a tombstone. It is simply an upright stone of grey granite, six feet high. Beside it lies a small flat stone : it is called the Grey Wether. Who put it up, and why it was put up, not. ilie oldest inhabitant can tell. Indeed, the oldest inhabitant, who was the last survivor in Grimspound, died there about two thousand years ago, and there has been no oldest inhabitant since then. I stood beside the Grav Wether Stone, making these and other admirable reflections. I am not quite certain whether I really did make them; but when one is a writer of leading articles it is easy to fall into a literary way of thinking, and to shape one's thoughts into an effective ! line. However, I was shaken out of my meditations by a very singular accident. I had stood on the same spot dozens of times before this ; any day the same accident might have happened. Yet it did not. The accident waited, as accidents always do, until it might produce a coincidence. No one can explain coincidences, yet they happen continually — to everyone of us who is on watch, one or two every day. What happened was this. Between, the upright stone and the flat stone, the edges of the latter being irregular, there is at a certain place an aperture or recess. I carried with me a stick, on which M was leaning. Now, by this kind of chance which we call accident, in changing my position I stuck the point of the stick into the aperture— a thing of which one would have been hardly conscious but for an unmistakable clicking which fol lowed as of coins. Is there anything in the world which more excites and stimulates the blood than the discovery of hidden treasure ? In ancient countries there are men who go about for ever haunted with the idea of finding hidden treasure— in Italy, in Syria, in Greece, in Asia Minor — : wherever ancient civilisations have passed away, leaving drachms, or shekels, in buried pots, waiting for the lucky . finder. One shudders to think of the eagerness with which ; I fell upon this imaginary hoard. No doubt, I hastened to | conjecture, it was an ancient treasure which I was about to discover — a pile of Roman coins with the head of some - almost forgotten Emperor upon them ; a heap of early ! Saxon coins— angels, marks, doubloons, rose nobles at the , very least. The opening, I found, was too small for a man's hand — perhaps a small six-and-a- quarter might have got in. If Mary were here— but Mary's hand i6 six-and- | a-half, as becomes the hand of the capable housewife. If I man's fingers were longer, like those of the monkey with the prehensile tail, one of our ancestors might have found and fished out the coins in no time, and spent them reck lessly in Kentish cobs or the home-grown crab. Perhaps the flat stone might be moved ? No ; the hands which propped up the Gray Wether were mighty hands ; perhaps the same which throw that upronful of boulders over the face of Hayne Down. The flat stone was im movable. Perhaps with the stick I could at least feel the coins? Yes, I made them rattle. Tbe position now became that of Tantalus. Who ever heard before of a buried treasure only 12 inches deep which could be felt but not dragged out ? 'Why, it was not only a buried trea sure, but perhaps a vast treasure — a collection of priceless coins, antique, throwing light upon dark places in history ; giving personality and life to wliat had been before but a name or a string of names, the portraits and effigies of long-forgotten Emperors and Kings. I would have that treasure somehow. Many plans suggested themselves : sticky stuff on the end of a twig, to which the coins might adhere ; lazy tongs, common tongs, pincers — 1 would go to back to Sidcote and Ing up a sackful of instru ments ; I would go to Moreton Hampstead and borrow another sackful of surgical instruments ; I would even get a couple of stonemasops and saw that stone through. I would bave that treasure. One would not be without a conscience ; but it Eotne times sadly interfere* with the pilgrim when piths of pleasantness open out] before him ; and here the voice of conscience said in her cold and unsympathetic way, 44 There is no rood of English ground but has its seig neur. The lord of the manor in which stands Iiaroildown ; is tbe Prince of Wales. After all your trouble you will j have to take the treasure to H.R.H.' 44 I'll be hanged if I do,' was the reply of the natural man. 'You'll be ?* conveyed to the Peninsula of Purbeck marble if you don't,' ? ; said conscience again. ' It is no use arguing with a conscience which is at once persistent and sensitive. I, therefore, grumpily - * 'j stuck the stick once more into the recess and pokeil about again. The coins rattled merrily. Never in my whole life have I so ardently desired to touch and to handle, to examine, to possess this unknown and unseen ? : treasure. Now, when I took out the stick again a bit of yellow leather showed for a moment just hooked up by the ferule af far as the light penetrated. The sight of 'the leather inspired me with faint hope. Again I poked about, but for some time in vain, until I hit upon a most ingenious and crafty contrivance. Like all really great things^ it was also perfectly simple. In fact, I reversed the stick and fished with the handle, to such good purpose that in a very few moments Iliad the leather thong in my lingers aud hauled it out. The thong tied up the mouth of a small brown canvas bag, very much like that which is used by moderns in send ing and fetching money from a bank. Did the Druids — did the ancient inhabitants of Grimspound — use canvas bags for* their banks V Or perhaps the Romans, from whom we have borrowed so many things, invented the can vas bag for the convenience of bank clerks. It had an ancient and a musty smell, not unexpected in a bag, per haps, as old as King Cymlieline or Queen Boduque. And the coins were within. Now for the treasure. Yet it must go to H.R.H., even if it should prove to be — what ? As 'the sailor said when he found the bottle, 44 Rum, I hope; sherry, I think;' so I: ' Roman, 1 .hope ; me diaeval, I think; modern, by George!' Yes, the coins were modern; they were not Roman, or Saxon, or Nor man, or early English ; they were not even rose nobles, marks, moidores, or doubloons ; they were simply sove reigns, 20 in number, and two of them quite new, bearing the date of 1879. The date of the bag, therefore, could not be later than that year. It might have been dropped in the day before yesterday. Perhaps, however, there were more. No. The firm point of the 6tick struck against the hard stone all round the narrow recess, but there were no more coins. The bag was a modern bank bag, and the treasure was a collection of 20 coins all the same— namely, that Victorian gold piece which is now so scarce and so highly prized^ in country districts known as the sovereign. It was possible, indeed, that the Druids, who are sup posed to have known so much, may have had a pro phetic mint, and turned out these coins in anticipation of later times. But no ; the theory seemed unten able. Twenty sovereigns in a bag — a bank bag — a modern brown canvas bag. Who could have climbed up Hamil Down in order to hide 20 pounds in a little hole like this? Was it some philosopher careless of filthy lucre ? No. In this country such a thinker exists no longer. Even the Socialists would divide equally among themselves — one man 44 laying low ' to rob his neighbour of his share — and not throw away this creature of good red gold. Had it been placed there by someone as a voluntary offering and gift to the unknown God of Fortune in older to avert his wrath by some man over- prosperous, as the rich King of old threw his ring into the sea? That might have been before the year 1879. Since tbat time there has been nobody prosperous. Could it have been hidden there by a thief ? But if thieves steal a bag of money, it is the bag and not the money that they hide away. The money they take to a ken or a den, where their fraternity meet to enjoy the fruits of their industry. No thief, certainly, concealed the bag in this place. It must, therefore, have'been put there and hidden away by somebody for some secret purpose of his own. But what purpose? Who could possibly have ? brought a bag of 20 pounds to this wild spot, so distant from any place of human resort, and yet exposed to such an accident of discovery ? Perhaps it was a magpie ; in which case it only remained to find the maid. Only six years ago— perhaps less. Twenty pounds is a large sum to put away. Assuredly' there was no one at all in the neighbourhood of Hamil Down by whom 20 pounds could be 'put away' without 'feeling it,' as is poetically and beautifully said. Twenty pounds! I kept count ing the money, turning it over ifrom band to hand, looking again at the dates on the coins, and trying to ihink how this money came here, and why it could have been left here. Finally, I put the gold into the bag, tied it up again, and put it in my own pocket. Then i walked on. my beautiful literary meditations quite interrupted, and turned from, a peaceful stream into a muddy and angry whirlpools One does not like to be faced with a conundrca which cannot be solved, and yet will not be quiet, but keeps presenting itself. In the fable of the King wh6 was chased by the gadfly, it is cunningly figured how a man went mad by trying to solve an enigma of which he could not find the answer, but which would never cease to ; trouble him. Thinking of this c-urious ' cache,' I. went on walking mechanically till I found myself at the other side of the j broad upland down. The sun by this time, which was 11 I o'clock, was blazing hot, and I thought with yearning of rest i and a pipe in the shade. The nearest shade accessible was ! across the shallow valley at my feet, and under the rocks j of Hooknor opposite. Not quite half-way across X saw j the long gray line which I knew to be part of the enclosure i of Grimspound, on the lower slope of Hamil Down. Be- | yond Grimspound the ground began to rise with a gentle J ascent to Hooknor, where , I proposed to rest. The way j down which I plunged is encumbered with quagmires, and is steep and rocky ; a hillside where adders hiss — I never, j for my own part, heard this creature hiss or clap its hands, or do anything except get out of the way as quickly as it | could — and where rabbits also spring up at your feet and scud away as if they had heard cf rabbit-pie. Presently, however, I found myself within the ancient and honourable city of Grimspound, which has been in ruins for CO genera tions of human beings. Sixty generations ! It seems a great many. We who are heirs of all the ages possess, as may be reckoned, so many ancestors of that psriod that the}1 may be set down by the figure one, followed by 18 naughts, which is about a hundred million times the whole popula tion of the globe at that time. The difference is caused by the marriage of cousins, Dartmoor has _ many of these ancient enclosures and sacred circles, with avenues of stones, menhirs, dolmens, pierced stones, and other holy apparatus of a loug-forarotlcn cult. Grimspound, which is the largest of them, is a great oblong, surrounded by what was once a strong wall, formed by rolling the bouiders down the hill and piling them one above the other. The wall is now thrown over. Outside the wall was once a broad ditch or fosse, which is now u 1 David Leighan drawing the blue bag from its hiding place.— Chapter X.— To Call Her Mine. nearly filled up. Within the wall are a dozen small j circles formed of stones laid side by side. They are the I foundations of houses, like those of Kes Tor. The largest j circle was doubtless the Royal Palace, or perhaps the sacred j building of the priest, where he sat in solitary grandeur ?when he was not conducting some beautiful and awc-in- ! spiring human sacrifice. The small circles were the habi- j tations of the nobility and gentry of Grimspound. The j common sort had to make their huts without any circles, | because the stones were all used up. The Grimsponnders 1 had no enemies, because on this island everybody spoke the j same language, and they were all cousin^. But man's 1 chief happiness is war And fighting ; therefore, they pre tended to be at feud with all the other tribes, and so went foraging and driving the cattle, and attacked and were attacked, and had their great generals and their valiant captains — to every tribe its Achilles and Diomede. and Nestor and Ulysses — just as their successors. All this fully accounts for Grimspound, and makes that place very interesting. At the same time, if any gentleman has a little pocket theory of his own about the origin and history of the place, we ohall be pleased to hear him. The late Ingenious Mr. James Fergusson. for instance, wrote a -whole book to prove that Grimspound and its brother stone cities were all built the day before yesterday. This may be true; but, as above stated.' the absence of the oldest inha- j bitant prevented him from proving his case. I When I had walked across the length and breadth ot Grimspound, and visited the spring just outside the wall— no doubt the scene of many a sanguinary fight, the j besiegers trying to keep the besieged from getting at the water— and when I had drunk of the water, which looks so brown, as it trickles through the little pools among the peat, 1 walked slowly np the hill of Hookner and found my shady place beside tbe rocks and eat down and filled my pipe, with tin abominable mystery and enigma I of the canvas bag ; yet thinking I could devote my mind 1 uninterruptedly to its consideration and to the tobacco. ' ^ But it was a day of mysteries. j I Before I tell you what followed, please to bear in mind j I that, though one talks of valleys and the tops of hills, the | Tor of Hooknor is a very low elevation, aud is certainly not | the fourth part of a mile from Grimspound ; next, tbat the I inclosure lies on the upland slope of the opposite hill, j though low down. Therefore, to one upon Hooknor it is i spread out like a map — the map of an island, in which the outer wall represents the sea-coast, and tliei stone circles lakes or mountains, according to the fancy of the observer. Thirdly, that the air was so clear and bright, so free from vapour or haze, that every blade of grass and every twig of heather on tbe opposite hill seemed visible from where I sat ; and, lastly, that I am gifted with very long sight, | insomuch that when I take a book of small print 1 am fain. | in order to get the full flavour of it, to set it up at one : end of the room and to read it from the other. If you : understand all this, you will perfectly understand what : followed. At the same time I was perfectly in the view of anyone ; in Grimspound, had there been anyone there. j I There was no one within sight or hearing ; there was not i a sight or sound of human life to be seen, looking from ; Hooknor at the groat, massive hill of Hamil Down ; neither | up nor down the valley, from this place, could be seen a i village, a clearing, a farm, or any trace of man. Thus I I fell to thinking again about that bag. How on earth did it | get into such a queer place ? .Such a thing no more gut ? into such a place by accident than the wondrous order of 1 the Cosmos is arrived at by accident : it could not have j been dropped out of anybody's pocket by accident — the j figuration and situation of the recess forbade that. It could not, again, have been deposited very recently, cou | sidering rhe mouldiness of the bag. 1 thought of putting it back and watching. But in older to watch, one must , hide, and there is no place in Hamil Down for even a dwarf j to hide. Besides, if it had been left there five or six years . before, tho hiding-place might now be forgotten. And, I again, one would have to watch continuously, and the top ] of Hamil would be bleak in winter and cold' at night ; and , there would be difficulties about grub. i While I was thinking, the figure, which I began dimly j to perceive through the nebulous veil of thought, was 1 working his way slowly down the hillside opposite by ( nearly the same way as I had myself picked among the ' boulders. He came 'plodding along with the heavy step and rolling shoulders of one who walks much over ploughed fields and heavy land— George Sidcote had acquired that walk since his narrowed circumstances made him a hind as well as a master. This man looked neither to right nor left. Therefore, he was not only a countryman, but one who knew the moor, and was indifferent as rustics seem— but they are not in reality — to its bpautv and it6 Mildness. As he came lower, I observed that he walked with hanging j head, as if oppressed with thought : and presently, though i his face remained hidden, I recognised nim. By his mop : of red hair, by his great beard, by his rolling shoulders, this could be no other than David Leighan. What on earth I was David wanting on Hamil Down, and whither was he going? It was our returned prodigal, and the suspicion i occurred to me immediately that not only was the prodigal j impenitent, but that he was ' up ' to something, it might have been a suspicion as unjust and unkind as it was base- I less, but it certainly crossed my mind. Where was he going, and why ? It thus became apparent that he was making for Grims pound. Por if he had been going to Challacombe he would have kept higher up ; and if he had been going to Vitifer or to Post Bridge, he would have kept on straight for a quarter ef a mile before striking the path ; but he made straight down the hill, just as I had done. Was David, also, then among the arcn-ologists 'Was he going to verify on the spoL a theory on their purpose aud construction — first couceived, perhaps, among the Mucks r Whatever he was in search of, he had a purpose in his mind, lli* facc, which I could now make out plainly under the shade of his felt hat, was set with a purpose. Your naturally slow man, when he has a definite purpose in his mind, shows it more intelligibly than rhe .swiit-niinded man, who jumps from one idea to another. He was going to Grimspound— perhaps the purpose marked in his lace was onlv a determination to sit down and take a pipe among the ruins. In that case he might take it kindly if 1 were to shout au invitation to come up and join me. But, no. Whc-n he should see me it would be time enough to sllGUt. In the coiner of Grimspound, nearest to Hamil Down, there are lying piled one above the other three or lour stones a good deal bigger than those which form the greater part of the wall. They lie in such a way — 1 pre sently ascertained the fact by invest i put:; oil — that there is formed a little cave, dry, quite protected from rain, dark, and long, its back formed by the lower part of a round boulder, while one side, slojiing lioor, and sloping roof are formed by these flat boulders. David, 1 observed — though I knew nothing theu about this little cave; I dare say there are many others like it in the inclosure— made straight for the spot wiihout doubt or hesitation. He had, therefore, come ail the way from Manaton to look for some thing iu Grimspound. This was interesting; and I watchou with some curiosity, ihougli 1 cui-lit. no doubt, to have sung out. It must be t-onn tliiug lie had brought home with him — something valuable. lie was not, per haps, so pot r as lie seemed to be. V\' jjen ore comes to think of it, a man must have some possessions: it is almost im | possible to travel about for six years and To amass nothing; one must have luggage of some kind when one crosses the ocean all the way from Australia to England. He stopped at this convenient hidingr-place. Then he looked around him quickly, as if to assure himself that no one was present to observe him— 1 wonder he did not see jrie. Then he stooped down, reached within some cavity hidden to me, and drew out something. It was in a big blue bag. 1 could plainlv see that the blue bag, like my canvas bag, was weather- stained. He laid the bag upon a stone, and proceeded to draw out its contents, consisting of a single box. It was a box about 2 feet long and 18 inches wide, aud 2 or 3 inches deep. It was a tin box. What had David got in his box ? I might have walked down the hill and asked liim that ques tion, but one was naturally somewhat ashamed to confess to looking on at what was intended for a profound secret. Let him take his box and carry it Lade to his cottage, i made up my mind on the spot, and nothing that followed in the least degree caused me to waver in that conviction— indeed, I heard very little of what had happened for some time afterwards— that ihe box had been brought home by David; and I was quite certain that it contained things which he had gathered during his travels. What things 5 j el!- ^ey have coral, pearls, shells, feathers, all kinds of beautiful things in the islands of the Pacific. We shall soon find out what they were. Good. David was not, then, quite a pauper. It is always pleasant to find that the returned exile has not done | altogether so badly for himself. Let him keep his secret, i and reveal it in his own good time. | David was so anxious to keep the secret that he aetuallv took off his jacket—the sailor's blue jacket — wrapped it .round the bag, and tied it up securelv with string. Then, without looking about him any more, 'he turned aud walked back as slowly and deliberately as he had come, carrying the treasure under his arm. As soon as his figure had sur mounted the brow of the hill and had disappeared, I got u, and sought the hiding-place in the wall ot Grimspound it really was a place into which nobody would think of look, ing for anything. The top stone sloped downwards over the mouth, so as almost to hide it. Iu tliis cluster of four great stones no one would have dreamed of iindin' or of looking for anything. David's hiding-place was well chosen. Then I followed, walking slowly, so that I might not catch hiji on his way home with iiis tin box full of «uec.r things from the Southern seas. The extraordinary coincidence, which I did not in the least suspect, was that on the very same morning that David went to recover the box I should light upon the batr You will understand presently what a remarkable coinci dence that was. In the evening I told George all that had happened, and produced the brown canvas bag. George did exactly' what is usual under such circumstances ; without some conven tional manner of receiving things, even surprises of th' most startling kind, life would be too jumpy. He t00k tho bag, looked at it, opened it, poured out the i-old counted it, held it in his hand and weighed it: looked at it again, put it back into the bag, and laid the ha' f,r the table. s n 'It is weather-stained, old man,' he said, 'andsmtlU of the mould. I should think it had been there some time.' lie took it up again aud turned it round. 'Look'' he said, 'here are initials; they are nearly faded, but they are certainly initials. I make out an A— no, a i] ; (ir is it a D r— aud an L. Certainly an L; li. L. or D. L which is it 'r' '? Looks 1 1) me.' 1 said, turning the bag about in the light. ' look's like JL A. : but it may be D.L.' 'Will,' he cried, 'I. believe you have really found something important. Six years asio, when Daniel Lei'l:an fell off his pony, he always declared that he Inst (wey pounds in gold. It was tied up, he always says, in a cams bag. This must be his bag and these must be his initis. I am quite sure of it.' ' 'V ery odd, if it is so. Why should a man steal a ig i of money only to put it — money and all— into it hale id | then go away and leave it i . ' Well, I fake it that the thief put the b.ig there inei | ln£? to return for it, but forgot where he put it.' can't forget the Grey Wether Stone, Geoie. | There is only one Grey Wether Stone on Hamil Don, : and who in the world would go all up Hamil on purpose tn , hide a bag of monev when there aie hiding-places in evry stone wall about the fields r' ' Take it to Daniel to-morrrw and show it to him, Wl. He always declares that he was robbed of this money, as wll as of his bonds and securities. Nobody has ever* believed him, bccause it Beems unreasonable that a robber shoild take twenty pounds and leave fifty. But if it is prored 'hit he is right about the inonev, he mavalso be right tbont the bonds.' Strange that neither of us thought of connecting David's box which he fished out at Grimspound w ith his uncle's bonds. But then 1 did not know that the bonds were in a box, one thinks of bonds as a roll of paper. ' As for David's box,' said George, ' I agree with yon, y\ that it is best to say nothing about it. Let him keep his secrit. If it is valuable, 60 much the better. We will keep the thing to ourselves. But as for the canvas hag, j ou must certainly take it to Gratnor to-morrow, and give Daniel the chiuice of claiming it.' (To be continued.) [For continuation of ' Storyteller,' see page 76.] 