¡* v -Maggie! . (BY "DOMINO/'). " Have you seen'bufcthe bright lily grow * '. Before rude handB have touched it ?!' . ¡ 'Half way up "the mountain m it stood, à \\*y" small slab hut ; dark peaks of rook jutted out .A... above it, aud'looked as if they might crush it in ri'i their wrath. Yet they afforded shelter alike tsl^ : from tho hot winds of the summer and the col« V blast of winter. In an open doorway Bat an oh mau, gaunt and gray. He had been reading, bu the pager lay neglected on his knee ; his spectacle! were'' pushed np on his forehead, while witl ? i>s. . anxious gaze he scanned the narrow pathway which presently lost itself amid the forest trees. It was evening ; great bars of yellow gold laj . across the western horizon, telling where the sui .\\.¿*C -had .'set. Its shimmering glory lit up the'olc . man's face. ''There was something almost sublim« in t¿'e grandeur and the stillness of this moun tain solitude, and yet it was not far removed from "the haunts of busy men. Spread but belov * lay,the green valley of the Hunter, dotted al o ver with pretty cottage homes, telling of peac< and prosperity i but these, were screened1 frön view by tier on tier of thickly wooded heights. /; . *' Where's Maggie ?" ,the'öld;mah said in fret ful tones.' " 'Tis growing late. /Where, can she \- be?V'Hey,, Watch ?"';' ..' . . ,'/" :/^/,''.;VfV ;/./ . . A big cattle dog which lay. .beside fhim rose, Btretc^Le'd himself, and,, gaye'a'short^bárk'/át/th'é sound 'of the f am iliar name.,, ' Just;. then": there came to them from the valley below thé tinkling sound of a bell. i > ? - V - , " She's'coming !" he said, with a sigh pf relief, and presently, a clear, musical voice was heard singing an' old-fashioned love ditty. Nearer and nearer it came, now breaking out into a whistle which, for sweetness of tone, outrivalled the singing. And then there came into view thè figure bf a girl seated on a small, rough pony, and .driving before hér a herd of cattle, from the neck of the foremost one of which depended a bell, which gave out a tinkling, sound at each móve .; ment", of /the creature's neck. / A dog, .the" fae? simile bf the one beside the old man, kept ( the animals from'straying. "/,-./.,';. ,','. ~;';, ',;/ , "You are láte, Maggie. ' What kept ye lass;?j" he shouted in his thin, quavering v^ice.j'.',Tne blythe whistlé stopped,' and the i:g^l, .sprang lightly tb the ground. '.'...' *,.' '/ ..¿-u. /;// ?í/^' ?>". I had a long way to go for thia cows, grande father.'; You heed never be/.frightened',about me. ; I", can/take care pf 'myself Jany where," she eaio^with a gay laugh, as she came up the/narrow patti way." "And Rover would hpt/let anyone touch me,'' pointing to the dog who was driving the cattle into a yard, with a sagacity/ that was * almost human. . ' rZ/. . - / She stood there in the little -room in tho glory ..(_ " pf her young, beautiful womanhood, in .the full " 'glow of the western heavens ; itali and slender, ,- ' and straight as' á reed which grew by the river. *' .She had delioate features, soft brown eyes, cheeks V' - , /of ruddy bloom! like a peach which /,the/ sun'has ' \ 4 . kissed rather warmly, and hair . of red/ Venetian i ./*. ..-gold, which is sb often talked of and, so rarely . seen. .'../'" '., ?../?"./ /' ?/>..-,.?',-. .;',!/?' ¡//; She was clad in a dark cotton dress, of ho par ticular shape or fashion at,allj/and hér,carriage was proudy freei and majestic. ..Coarse and heavy were^/the shoes on her ,féét, but moré often she eschewed "them : and : went/tâthout'". ¿ny. at all. This child bf the woods and' the moxihtains had no love in her heart for any mau but her grand father. She had a grave awe of the pastor, who c came now and then to the little gray churoh in the valley below 5 and who told them of Heaven. But unbounded was her love and reve rence for the Great Being who had spread that "' glorious dome of blue over her head and filled thé \- ; forest aisles with beauty. She could read and write, and calculate the worth of the butter and eggs she took every week to the market. She knew little of books -, but she knew the where abouts of every wild flower, she knew every bird which haunted the bush, she knew mitch of the great world of nature-and she was not afraid God seemed so near to her there in that lonely .hillside. '.; ,..;.."...,, ; ... * ii»,« 'Twill be late when you havé done milking. I wilt help you to-night,"1 the old man said,! taking his hat, from a peg on the wall. "You will do nothing of the sort," she said, laying her hands forcibly upon him. " Sit down j'twould; be a shame, sure, for me to let you work when I am so young and so able. I will milk the cows in no time at all. The milk pans aro all ready. I'll * tether Brown Bess, she might ramble away, and then I'll be back to get supper. You keep the kettle boiling." She was scone like a flash, and the room looked smaller and darker ; but he could still hear her *, singing, arid he would say to himself softly, " That's Maggie." . , , * »....:..- ..../;v,#u>.ïpi«#7i,!^t:c«c;.. j " There will be a storm tb-hignt,?rYoù'd'befôejr look to the cattle," the oldjmaii said,heforo'ho' retired to rest in" the little skillion room/ which, was tidy and trim, and smelt' of 'dried herbs and 'wildflowers. '.' r' '// . . Yes, the storm was coming j and a storm on the hills is so terrible. The trees hung their heads, the leaves drooped, the earth held its breath-it was waiting. Then _ »? j,.- there came a low, sobbing sound, growintr nearer, '.. and under each sound as though tho pent up grief of a stormy heart could no longer be re pressed.' Maggie's grandfather Blopt, but she could not. Long she sat there in a darkness so dense that it might almost bo felt, save when the ' lightnings illumined tho gloom ; tho two dogs crouohed at her feot, their eyoB shining like stars in the darkness. Maggie "was not afraid ; her God was so near, and she knew Him as " Our Father." Then there came a hush ; but it was only the prelude of a peal so terrific that it might have been tho final crash of doom, and the raiu foll in torrents. Involuntarily the girl foll on her knees in an attitudo bf prayer. While she knelt there she heard a sound which roused her as nothing else could, vit was a human voice ¿ in I distress.;... She- heard-, it again ,and again, ¡and the dogs'cocked their ears to listen. "Coo-ee coo-ee/'now fainter, now louder. She rose to her feet, flung .wide the door, and her fresh, young ¡voice sent, out an answar. So she went to her fate, as everyone does, unwittingly. The dogs bounded out, hut were stayed by her voice. .Dow n the steep mountain path Bhe ran j it was rocky, it wa3 slippery, tho rain beat on her un covered head, and the strong wind fluttered her garments. " Where are you ?" she cried. "Here," cried a voice, "in this gully." ¡, ¡, And she ran on again. . Presently r ehe stood beside something. more dense than the'; darkness, the lightnings illumined her. so-standing ; there in her womanly beauty, with the raindrops glittering on her ruddy hair, "What "ails .you?" she said ; the impulse pf pity'stirréd -in*her hëart by the look of pain she saw on his face. "My horse is dead; he was struck by lightning, and he has fallen partly upon me. 1 cannot rise," he said, struggling painfully. "Stay-I will.help you-seè-I am strong," she said, kneeling down on the sodden grass, and using all her endeavor to free him. Again, and again, and this time successfully. "Lean on me -so. That is right. I will help you. Down, Hover. Down, Watch. Is it thus you welcome a stranger ?" ' Up the steep mountain path they went, pausing often for. breath. And the lightnings played round them-she in her beautiful youth ; he in his young, stalwart manhood. Together they stood at last on the floor of the hut, in safety. ' The storm had almost rolled itself away. The far east was flushed with rose color, a new day was dawning j and her grandfather welcomed/the stranger not less warmly because he fcelongedto a. blass ; with which he had little in common. " Gentleman" waa written on the delicate, refined face, with ita short-cropped, curly black hair, and on the white hands, which had never been roughened by labor. Old Michael ,0'Coñnor,,in his sturdy independence, regarded all men as equal. Maggie gave up her dainty little room to their guest ; his ankle was sprained, and he was much bruised and shaken, but no more serious evil had befallen him. Ernest Tremóme, hé íaid, was his name, and they never kne»v any better. With the true spirit of courtesy, they asked him no ques tions, for he was their guest. He said that he had been dining with a friend in the village below, and waa on his way to his home in a neigh boring town when the storm overtook him and he lost his way in the darkness. , So he stayed on day after day, till he felt well ami" Strong, and seemed quito happy there. He ate their home-baked bread and sweet butter, and declared Maggie's cookery beyond praise. The old man listened delighted. The praises of this orphan maiden were sweet to his ear. She was tho only link which bound him to the wife of his youth. HÍB dead daughter's child-how he loved her! It waa the eighth evening of his stay. Miohael O'Connor sat, as was his wont at this time of day, within the shadow of the projecting doorway, watching for Maggie to bring home the COWB. They have been talking on tho old man's favorite theme - politics - somewhat to the astonishment of his companion. " You think sir," ho says "thata man like me Bhould know nothing of these things. I live in an out-of-the-way spot. I havo not many booka, it is true he - said,, glancing round the room till ! MB eyes rest on a well-worn copy of tho Bible. "Ihave not many friends. I soo few new faces. But sir, I have that, and I have this," he said, dapping his hand on the newspapor which lay on his kneo. " Tho ono tells mo about the world-to-which I am going fast. . The other tells me,, about this one I live in. Cheap luxuries .both/within;; the ^reaoti.of all. 'Tis a man's qwn fault if ¿é,be quite ignorant."\ \; ; ,* j ." "Tinkle^ tinkle I" .^!À.7.%t>pïl|;ppimd8.;/in..>;ilie distance/ and the tones of a gill's voice, Binging come, up to them'pure :and ;sweet,/.walang;the reverberating echbs of tbe mountain side.; ,. . " There's Maggie," the old man! sahiv,with a glad smile on hiB face. ^There's Maggie j God bless her." "' /!;.:r.;u.' .,. - , :\ \\\ i-,^ \ , Ernest .Tremóme rose and , went down the steep, ihclihe to meet her. t , . ? ;. The girl hushed her song at his . approach, and a flood, o£ dusky red swept over her face.. He took her .little brown hand in his, and looked at her as síié" stood there before him/with Brown; Bess nibbling the sweet grass beside her-a queen in the kingdom of her beauty. ; '* > . " Maggie, my darling, I love you j I. love you."j The words are as'old as the hills/and yet there; are no other words like them. Her broad white; lids droop over her brown eyes-she fears he! might read in their depths the measure she gave him in jtnswer. . | "I love you j every beat of my heart is youri [own. I\would take you, my queen, my Hege; lady, away from this solitude far, and bind you! j to myself'for ever. Ah, Maggie, look up at me! [ohoe. Le't,* me read in those dear , eyes my answer.",. j For a^instaht she lifts her eyeB shyly. Then Í they droopy low again. j " My darling, my own." He folds her close to; his heart.;;.; He kisses her eyes, and her hair/ and heri sweet lips 5 so pure and so loving ; while' the placid ^ows ^ith their musing eyes look on! them inwonder. 1 i ".Tou.'::wülv tell.« grandfather," ??? she . says, as they walk up the steep path together. j "Not- this time, dearest. I must leave you to-morrow. ' ' I must go back to my place in the great vjorld of men'; but I will. return to claim you, my ^ujsen? . It wants but one month of Christmas j and longer I can't live without you. I will go find a home for my beautiful bird, and return to transport it thither." * # * # * He is gone; .The light has gone out of her life, so it seems to hOr. The forest pathways are dark with the presage of sorrow. " Oh ! My love ! My My love I " she moans to herself the lifelong day, and yet she keeps on doing the work to herharid, with a sense of, doing her duty. ; The hot Christmas came, and the hut .was all wreathed with green garlands ; but he came nob in whose honor she donned her best and her brightest, and when Christmas had passed' and gone, she still hoped and waited. ' No more does she make the hillside echo with snatches of song. She forgets even to whistle. And tho old man wonders and says to .himself, " Maggie is a woman now j she grows every day more like her mother." ' f ; ;T Christmas, that glad season of rejoicing!, comes round again ; out there is a shadow ph the hill side this bright summer morning. The birds hush their song, the winds whisper low. Maggie is dead-there she lay cold and white in her wonderful boaiity, with a half smilë on her lips, and tho glory of her golden hair all about .her. Maggie is dead. She nover was sick. . " She went into a waste," the country people say. Her grandfather sits there'beside her in dumb j despair. His bright-haired darling has left him ; alone. He will hear her gay laugh, and her carol of song never more-nover more. Tho evening shadows crept down the valley. A soft mist enfolds thom. To-mórrow they will bury her out of his sight. And he sits there alono with the (load. Hurried Btops come up the rooky pathway. A man soiled and travel-Btained enters-that little room. It is so silent and still; it is like a sanc tuary. He goes'past the old man, who does not see him, and bends over that still faoe in anagony of spirit. . But of what avail are tears and sighs ? They cannot wake that sleeper. He can never tell her now that he meant to come to her always., ; He can never tell her how, on the very evening he left her, he found a telegram waiting to summon him to the deathbed of his father. His tearB fall like rain on the red gold hair, and he kisses the cold face; Then voices sound near him, and he hurries away as he came, like a shadow. Christmas has come and gone many times since then. Michael O'Connor and his granddaughter sleep side by side in the village cemetery, where the long grasses wave and the winds whisper low. Ernest Tremóme--(we will still call him so) is living still. Remorse is the ghost which haunts his footsteps. The memory of that Christ mas time comes between him and what tho world calls " happiness." Even the WHB in their musical chime seem to repeat that' one word "Maggie."' 