THE LEAVENWOETH CASE. XXXVIII. A PULL CONFESSION. Between the acting of a dreadful thing, 1 And the first motion, all the interim is Like a phantasma or a hideous dream ; The genius and the mortal instruments Are then in council ; and the state of a man, Like to a little Kingdom, suffers then The nature of an insurrection. Julius Cesar. I am not a bad man ; I am only an intense one. Ambition, love, jealousy, hatred, revenge — transitory emotions with some— are terrific passions with me. To be oure they are quiet and concealed ones, coiled serpents that make no stir till aronaed, but then deadly in their spring and relentless in their action. Those who have known me boot have aot known this. My own mother was ignorant of it. Often and often have 1 heard he? aay, ' I£ Traeman only hod more sensibility ! If Trueman were not so in di^erent to everything ! In short, if Trueman had more power in him !' It waa the same at ochool. No one under stood me. They thought me meek ; called me Dough-foce. For three years they called me this, then I turned upon them. Choosing out their ringleader, I felled him to the ground, laid him on his book and stamped upon him. He was handsome before mj foot came down ; afterward— well, ifc is enough, he never called me Dough-face again. la the store I entered soon after, I met with even less appreciation. Begular at my work aad esact in my per formance of ifc, they thought me a good machine and nothing more. What heart, soul, and feel ing could o man have who never sported, never smoked, and never laughed ? I could reckon up figures correctly, bat one scarcely needed heart oi? soul for that. I could even write day by day and month by month without show ing a flaw in say copy, but that only argued I was no more than they intimated, a regular automaton. I let thorn think so, with the certainty before me that they would one day change their minds aa others had done. The fact was, I loved nobody well enoagh, not even myself, to ocre for any man's opinion. Life was well- nigh a blank to me ; a dead level plain that had to bs traversed whether i would os? not. And auch it might have continued to this day if I had never met ' Mary Leavenworth. But when, oome nine months since, I left my desk in the counting house for o neat in Mr. Leavenworth's library, a blazing torch, fell into my soul, whose flame has never gone out and never will, till the doom before me is accomplished. She was so beautiful ! When on that first evening I followed my new employer into the parlour, and saw this woman standing up before me in her half alluring, half appalling charm, I Knew as by a lightning flash what my future would be if I remained in that house. She was in one of her haughty moods, and bestowed upon me little more than a passing glance. But her indifference made slight impreosion upon me then. Ifc was enough that I was allowed to stand in her presence and look unrebuked upon her loveliness, To be sure it was like gazing into the flower-wreathed crater of an awakening volcano. Fear and fascination were in each moment I lingered there ; but fear and fascina tion made the moment what it was, and I could not have withdrawn if I would. And so it was always. Unspeakable pain as well as pleasure was in the emotion with which I regarded her. Yet for all that I did not cease to study her hour by hour and day by day ; her smileo, her movements, her way of turning her head or lifting her eyelids, I had a purpose in this ; I wished to knit her beauty bo firmly into the warp and woof of my being that nothing should ever serve to tear it away. For I saw then as plainly as now, that coquette though she was, she would never stoop to me. No ; I might lie down ot her feet and let her trample over me, she would not even turn to see what it was she had stepped apon. I might Spend asys, moiituo, uuu yeutM Auarmuj^ iub alphabet of her wishes, she would not thank me for my paina or even raise the lashes from her cheek to look at me as I passed. I waa nothing to her, could not be anything unless— and thio thought came slowly— I could in some way become her master. Meantime I wrote at Mr. Leavenworth's dic , . ? tation and pleased him. My methodical ways were just to his taste. As for the other mem ber of the family, Miss Eleanors Leavonwortb — she treated me jaat aa one of her proud but sympathetic nature might be expected to do. Not familiarly, but kindly ; not as a Mends but as a member of the household whom she met every day at table, and who, as she or any one else could see, was none too happy or hopeful. Six months went by. I had learned two things ; first, that Mary Leaven worth loved her position as prospective heiress to a large fortune above every other earthly consideration ; and secondly, that she was in the possession of a secret which endangered that position. What that was, I had for some time no means of know ing. But when later I became convinced it was one of love, I grew hopeful, strange aa it may seem, For by this time I had learned Mr. Leavenworth's disposition almost as perfectly as that of his neice, and knew that in a matter of this kind he would be uncompromising ; and that in the clashing of these two wills something might occur which would give me a hold upon her. The one thing that troubled me wa9 the fact that I did not know the name of the man in whom she waa interested. But chance soon favoured me here. One day — a month ago now— I sat down to open Mr. Leavenworth's mail as usual. One letter— shall I ever forget it ? ran thus : — ' Hoffman House, ' March 1st, 1876. ' Mr. Horatio Leavenworth — ' Dear sir, ' You have a niece whom you love and trust, one too who seems worthy of all the love and trust that you or any other man can give her ; so beautiful, so charming, so tender ia she in face, form, and manner, and conversation. But, dear sir, every rose has its thorn, and your rose is no exception to this rule. Lovely as she is, charming as she is, tender as she is, she is not only capable of trampling oh the rights of one who trusted her, but of bruising the heart and breaking the spirit of him to whom she owes all duty, honour, and observance. ' If you don't believe this, ask her to her cruel, bewitching face who and what is her humble servant and yours, 'Henry Eitchie Clavering.'' If a bombshell had exploded at my feet, or the evil one himself appeared sit my call, I should not have been more astounded. Not only was the name signed to these remarkable worda unknown to me, but the epistle itself was that of one who felt himself to be her master, a posi tion which, aa you know, I was myself aspiring to occupy. For a few minutes, then, I stood a prey to feelings of the bitterest wrath and despair ; then I grew calm, realizing that with this letter in my possession I was virtually the arbitrator of her distiny. Some men would have sought her there and then, and by threaten ing to place it in her uncle's hand, won from her a look of entreaty if no more ; but I— well, my plans went deeper than that. I knew that she must be in extremity before I could hope to win her. She must feel herself slipping over the edge of the precipice, before she would clutch at the first thing offering succour. I decided to allow the letter to pass into nay employer's hands? But it had been opened! How could I manage to give it to him in this condition without exciting some suspicion ? I knepr of but one way ; to let him see me open it for what he would consider tht- first time. So waiting till he came iato the room, I approached him with the letter, tearing off the end of the envelope as I came. Opening it, I gave a cursory glance at its contents and tossed it down on the table before him. ' That appears to be of a private character,' said I, ' though there is no sign to that effect on ehe envelope.' He took it up while I stood there. At the first word he started, looked at me, seemed satis fied from my expression that I had not read far enough to realize its nature, and whirling slowly around in his chair, devoured the remainder in ulenee. I waited a moment, then withdrew to my own desk. One minute, two minutes passed in silenco ; he was evidently re- reading the letter, then he hurriedly rose aad left the room. As he passed me I caught a glimpse of his face in the mirror. The expression I saw there did not tend to lessen the hope that vrao riairig in my breast. By follov7ing him almost immediately up staira, I ascertained thathe went direct to Mary's room, and wheD, in a fows hours later, the family collected around the dinner table, I per ceived, almost without looking up, that a great f ' and insurmountable barrier had been raised between him and his favourite niece. Two days passed ; days that were for me one long and unrelieved suspense. Had Mr. Leaven worth answered that lettsv ? Would it all end as it had begun, without the appearance of the mysterious Clavering on the scene ? I could not tell. [ Meanwhile my monotonous work went on, grinding my heart beneath its relentless wheel. I wrote and wrote and wrote, till it seemed as if ray life-blood went from me with every drop of ink I used. Always alert and listening, I dared not lift my head or turn my eyes at any unusual sound lest I should seem to be watching. The third night I had a dream ; i have already told Mr. Raymond what it was, and hence will not repeat it here. One correction, however, I wish to make in regard to it. In my statement to him I declared that the face of the man whom I saw lift his hand against my employer was that of Mr. Claveriug. I lied when I said this. The face seen by me in my dream was my own. It waa that fact which made it so horrible to me. In the crouching figure stealing warily down stairs, I saw, as in a glass, the vision of my own form. Otherwise my ac count of the matter was true. The vision had a tremendous effect upon me. Was it a premonition ? a forewarning of the way in which I was to win this coveted creature for my own P Was the death of her uncle the bridge that was to span the impassable gulf be tween us ? I began to think it might be ; to consider the possibilities which could make this the only path to my elysium ; even went so far as to picture her lovely face bending gratefully toward me through the glare of a sudden release from some emergency in which she stood. One thing was sure, if that was the way I must go I had at least been taught how to tread it ; and all through the dizzy, blurred day that followed I saw, as I sat at my work, repeated visions of that stealthy, purposeful figure stealing down the stairs and entering, with uplifted pistol, into the unconscious presence of my employer. I even found myself a dozen times that day turning my eyes upon the door through which it was to come, wondering how long it would be before my actual form would pause there. That the moment was at hand I did not imagine. Even when I left him that night, after drinking with him the glass of sherry mentioned at the inquest, I had no idea the hour of action wos so near. But when, not three minutes after going up stairs, I caught the sound a lady's dress rustling through the hall, and listening heard Mary Leaven worth pass my door on her way to the library, I realized that the fatal hour was come; that something was going to be said or done in that room which would make this deed necessary, What? I determined to ascertain. Casting about in my mind for the means of doing so, 1 remembered that the ventilation running up through the house opened first through the passage-way connecting Mr. Leavenworth's bed room and library ; and, secondly, into the closet of the large spare room adjoining mine. Hastily unlocking the door of the communication between the rooms, I took my position in the closet. Instantly the sound of voices reached my earB ; all was open below, and standing there I was as much an auditor of what went on between Mary and her uncle as if I were in the library itself. And what did I hear ? Enough to assure m© my suspicions were correct ; that ifc was q moment o£ vital interest to her ; that Mr. Leavenworth, in pursuance of a threat evidently made some time since, was in the act of taking steps to change his will, and that she had come to make an appeal to be forgiven her fault and restored to hia favour. What that fault was I did not learn. No mention was made of Mr. Clavering as her husband. I only heard her declare that her action had been the result of impulse rather than love, that she regretted i*, and desired nothing move than to be free from all obligations to one she would fain forget, and be again to her uncle what she was before she ever saw this man. I thought, fool that I was, it was a mere engagement she was alluding to, and took the insanest hope from these words ; and when, in a moment later, I heard her uncle reply, in his sternest tone, that she had irrepar ably forfeited her claims to his regard and favour, I did not need her short and bitter cry of shame and disappointment, ot that low moan for some one to help her, to aound his death knell in my heart. Creeping back to my own room, I waited till I heard her reasoend, then I stole forth. Calm as I had eve? been in ray [ life, I went down the stairs just as I had seen myself do in my dream, and knocking lightly at the library door, went in. Mr. Leavenwortb waa siting in his usual place, writing. ' Excuse me,' said I, as he looked up, ' I hav© lost my memorandum book, and think it possible I may have dropped it in the passage-way, when I went for the wine.' Ho bowed, and I hurried past hip into the closefc. Once there, I proceeded rapidly into the I'oom beyond, pro cured the pistol, returned, and almost before I realized what I was doing, had taken up mj position behind him, aimed, and fired. The re sult was what you know. Without a groan, his head fell forward on his hands, and Mary Leavenworth was the virtual possessor oi the thousands she coveted. My first thought wan to procure the letter he was writing. Approaching the table, I tore ifc from under his hands, looked at it, saw that it was, as I expected, a summons to his lawyer, and thrust it into my pocket, together with the letter from Mr. Clavering, which I perceived lying spattered with, blood on the table before me. Not till this was done did I think of myself or remember the echo which that low, sharp report must have smade in the house. Dropping the pistol at the aide of the murdered man, I stood ifeady to shriek to any one who entered that Mr. Leavenworth had killed himself. But I was saved from committing such a folly. The report had not been heard, or if so, had evidently failed to create an alarm. No on© came, and I was left to contemplate my work undisturbed, and decide upon the best cocrso to be taken to avoid detection. A moment's study of the wound made in his head by the bullet convinoed me of the impossibility oi. passing the affair off as a suicide, or even the work of a burglar. To any one versed in such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a most deliberate one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mysterious as it was deliberate, by destroying all clue to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking up the piatol, I carried into tho other room with the inteation oi cleaning it, but finding nothing there to do ifc with came back for the handkerchief, which I remembered having seen lying on the floor at; Mr. Leavenworth's feet. It was Miss Eleanore's, but I did not kaow it till I had used it to clean the barrel ; then the sight of he£ initials in one corner so shocked me I forgot to clean the cylinder and only thought of how I could do away with thin evidence of her hand kerchief having been employed for a purpose so auspicious. Not daring to carry it from the roomg I sought for means to destroy it, but find ing none, compromised the matter by thrusting it deep down behind the cushion of one of the chairs, in the hope of being ablo to recover it some time next day, when an opportunity would be given to bum it. This done, I reloaded the pistol, locked it up and prepared to leave the room. But hero the horror which usually follows such deeds atruck me like a thunder-bolt and made me for the first time uncertain in my action. I locked the door on going out, some thing I should never have done if I had been in the full possession of my faculties. Not till I reached the top of the stairs did I realize what I had done, and then it was too late, for there before me, candle in hand, and surprise written on every feature of her face, stood Hannah, one of the servants, looking at me. ' Lor, sir,' she cried, but strange to say in a low tono, ' where have you been ? You look aa if you had seen a ghost.' And her eyes turned suspiciously to the key which I held in my hand. I felt as if some one had clutched me round the throat. Thrusting the key into my pocket, I took a otep toward her. 'I will tell you what I have seen if you will come down stairs,' I whispered, 'the ladies will be disturbed if wo talk here,' and smoothing my brow as best I could, I put out my hand and drew her toward me. What my motive was I hardly knew ; the action was probably instinctive, bat when I saw the look which came into he? face as I touched her, and the alacrity with which she prepared to follow me, I took courage, remembering the one or two previous tokens I had had of thia girl's unreasonable susceptibility to my in fluence ; a susceptibility which I now felt could be utilized and made to serve my pur pose. Taking her down to the parlor floor, I drew her into the depths of the great drawing-room, and there told her in the least alarming way possible what had happened to Mi1. Leaven* (vi worth. She waa of course intensely agitated, -iiibut she did not scream; — the novelty of her / position evidently awing her as much as it ^bewildered — and greatly relieved, I went on to say that I did not know who committed the deed, but that folks would declare it waa I if they knew I had been Daen by hej.1 on the stairs with the library key in my hand. ' But I won't tell,' she whispered, trembling violently in her fright and eagerness. ' I will keep it to myself, I will say I didn't see anybody.' But I soon convinced her that she could never keep her, , , secret if the police once began to question her and following up my argument with a little cajolery, succeeded after a long while in win ning her consent to leave the house till the storm should be blown over. But that given, it was some little time before I could make her comprehend that she must depart at once and without going back after berthings. Not till I brightened up her wits with a promise to marry her some day, if she only obeyed me now, did she begin to look the thing in the face and show any evidence of the real mother wit .she evidently possessed. ' Mrs. Belden would ? take me in,' said she, 'if I could only get to !R ? . She takes everybody in who asks her ; and ohe would keep me, too, if I told her ... Misp Mary sent me. But I can't get there . to-night.' I immediately set to work to convince her that she could. The midnight train did not leave the city for a half-hour yet, and the distance to the depot could be easily walked by her in fifteen minutes — Bat she had no money ! I easily supplied that. And she was afraid she couldn't find her way ! I entered into minutest directions. She still hesitated, but at length consented to go, and, with some further understanding of the method I was to employ in communicating with her, we went down stairs. There we found a .hat and a shawl of the cook's, which I put on ' her, and in another moment we were in the carriage-yard. 'Remember, you are to say nothing of what has occurred, no matter what happens,' I whispered in parting injunction as she turned to leave me. 'Remember you are to come and marry me some day,' she murmured in reply, throwing her arms about my neck. The movement was sudden, and it was probably at this time she dropped the candle she had held unconsciously clenched in her hand till now. I promised her, and she glided out of the gate. (To be continued.) 