PEOTSSTA35IT BISSESTBES. ANOTHER EEPLY TO THE REV. S, HEBDITCH. On Sunday evening, at St. Paul's Cbuxch, Port Adelaide, the Eav. Canon: Green preached on 'The Two Religiona: that of Protestant Dissenters and that of the Church oi Onrist.' ±he preacher audVit was written in the address of itbe Chairman of the Con gregational Union that ' the greatest enemy to Christ is the Church.' It was written in Matthew xvi, 18 that Jesus said— 'I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' It waa written in St Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians v. ' 25 that 'Christ loved the Church, and gave Himself for it, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing.' He divided the Christian world into two camps — the Protestant camp and the Church camp. In one of the divisions of the Protestant camp they had recently heard the voice of a leader, speaking out in clear and un mistakable tones the convictions of his heart and mind. In the position he held aa Chairman of the Congregational Union, Mr. Hebditch was in the place where it was demanded of him that he should speak the truth. He knew that the Congregationaliata bound themselves to no man's words, however eminent he might be in character, learning, and ability, and therefore the address of their Chairman might not be taken as th8 authoritative . exposition of the views of ; the body. Mi. Hebditch had said — 'The greatest enemy to. Christ is the Church. Make her ministers priests, her sacraments essential media of salvation, her voice law, and herself a visible corporation, and you put aa great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism or Mohammedanism or any other Antichrist ever reared.' From the bottom of his heart he thanked Mr. Hebditch for those words, for his candour, honesty, and clearness. If he thought those things it was better that he should utter them that they might know whither a professed leader of Christian thought would lead them. He thought there had never been an utterance in the colony which had so forcibly and clearly demonstrated the fact that in so far as Mr. Hebditch represented the views of Protestant Dissenters, they had a system of religion totally different from that which throngh every century since the fiery baptism of Pentecost has been the blessed heritage of the Church of the living God. Mr. Hebditch had said that he was surprised that it should have been thought that he re ferred to the Church of England. Though he had not the Church of England in his mind, yet the Church was an integral part of that great Holy Catholic Church, which waa said to be so great an obstacle. That night his object was to point out that unhappily there was a great gulf between the religion of Protestant Dissenters and of the Chuich. The Eev. Canon then proceeded to show that (1) 'The Church, of England made her ministers priesta,' (2) 'made her sacraments essential media of salvation,' (3) 'made her voice law,' and (4) 'maintained and acted on the principle that the Church of Christ was a visible corporation.' Thesa then wera Mr. Hebditch'a four conditions, and the Church of England was therefore aa great an obstacle in the way of. Christ's conqaestof the world as Judaism, or Mohamme danism, or any other Antichrist ever reared. After the Bishop had taken exception to Mr. Hebditch's remarkB, that gentleman said ' that there waa jiever a State Church which had accomplished so much or at this moment had so much power and dignity and such an influence, for gooi as the English Establishment.' He must leave the adjustment of the two statements to Mr. Hebdiioh. Protestantism was strong in some things, but not in logic. The follow ing two statements contained a carefully worded summary of the cardinal points on which Churchmen and Protestanta differed : — 1; ' Each man in ths Church waa regarded not as an isolated unit, but aa a member of a family, a citizen of a kingdom, with hia train ing in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon hia harmony with the family, his obedience to the laws of the kingdom;, he could not separate himBelf from the organization,- far lesa set up another in its steaa, without incurrine; the guilt of rebellion, and forfeiting the privileges of citizenship. 2. Christianity was not a group of dogmas, intended to produce a certain type of . thought, but a supernatural 'life derived from the God man, and effecting the restoration of fallen and disordered humanity by means of super natural agencies passing through -visible and natural channels.' Protestantism was abso lutely opposed to the Church in every one of the four points. Protestantism' insisted that there must be an uninterrupted way between the soul and God— it has no de finite rule of faith, ita watchword was division. The pulpit, not the Lord's table, was the principal feature in ita temples ; the need of man, not the glory of the Eternal Kinpr, was the motive for its assemblies. It might erect beautiful buildings and rejoice in sweet-voiced choirs to please the taste and gratify the sentiment oi those who formed its congregations. In the Church the prin cipal reason for assembling was to do publie homage to God aa their sovereign and to express their love and devotion to Him. It was not for ffhat they could get, nor even for their own. pleasure and gratification, but for His honour. With ProtestantB generally, and avowedly with the denomina tion to which Mr. Hebditch belonged, the worship of God waa the last object in view when they assembled together. One was staggered with the audacity of Mr. Heb ditch's assertion. He knew that the speaker uttered the conviction of his soul, and thought he waa doing God's service, but— he almost shrank from saving it — was he not in awful and imminent peril of committing the sin againat the Holy Ghost ? The preacher concluded as follows :— ' Time forbids me to say more. Mr. Hebditch has, by the utter ance of what, doubtless, his conscience bade him speak, grieved and chilled the hearts of many who have been longing and praying that all who profess ana call themselves Christians may hold the faith in unity of spirit. He has shown us how the principles and doctrines of the Church are viewed by those who are separate from her. We can no longer live in a fool's paradise of hopeful fancy and imagination. Between two parts of the redeemed race there is a great gulf. Will it ever disappear, and the separated ones be united? Assnredly it wilL For while we work and pray and sorrow for what seems fruitless labour, The saints their watch are keeping, Their cry goes np ' How long r And soon the night of weeping Shall be the mom of song.'- 