BRITISH POST OFFICE PROFITS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE All-Star. Sir-Your remarks in your leading article to-day on the flourishing financial condition of the British Post-office, and state that "the circumstance that there should be a gain upon the service of two millions and a half per annum is one which will all Australian post masters-general with astonishment and envy, for here the rule is that the Postal department means a heavy loss to the state." Though the official return you quote from shows receipts 210, 10,000, and expenditure ¿fU'Ûl.OOO, being a net profit of aif. 1,000, yet these figures are misleading, and under at the strength of your case. You are dealing with the postoffice mail branch and its connection with the Anglo Australian mail service. The return of over ten millions sterling includes the telegraph service. The actual profits from the mail service to the British Post Office exceeds three million pounds sterling 1 brought this fact out in the british Holme of Commons this year, and air. Goschen in reply made a curious appeal to the members He said that the profit was made on inland penny postage, and he thought the House would agree with him in the belief that the British taxpayer would not consent to be taxed for colonial and foreign [nails He omitted to mention that Australians in Ki glance e contribute half a million income.. tax to the British Treasury, and he also omitted to state that the loss of wine I is known as the Packet service or ocean mails chiefly arises through the mail service to India, which costs -.Itö OOO a year, and the postage receipts from these only amount to ¿Oj.OOO per annum. People are now awakening to the fact that the time has arrived [or discontinuing subsidies for mail services, and it we want speed we should subsidise the telegraph cable to Europe. If, however, we agree with the report of Lord Canning's Commission that the subsidies are plan to keep up the Com. mercial importance of Great Britain and to maintain an auxiliary naval power, then the colonial post office should only be charged us fair proportion of the subsidy, and the British Government should not press heavily upon the colonies for a lull hull of the total cost of the service. Yours. etc., J 111.NNIKJ.1.HI-V10N. Du DE JONGH'S I 10ll1»>DROWff Cop IjVCIl Old POU J Ciiuonio CuUoiiA-Dr. Hunter h for play, Daykin, Hospital for Diseases of the 1 bro it and Ghost, writes - " I have found Dr de JoorIi's Cod Liver Oil very useful In owes at Chronic Ooutftt, and especially in Larymore) Disease oouinlUuted with Consumption. Sold only be answered bottles by all ubamlat«.-[Advt.I Us as hill-- A Million New and Secondhand Books to i thoona from at Coles Book Arcade, melbourne. I -worth 7 