fkrochta! .Intelligence. Alexandra. — Those who were supposed to know best about the state of the road between Yea and Alexandra assured the Bishop that it would be quite impossible to get from the former to the latter place on the Monday. However, a start was made at eleven o'clock, and Alexandra was reached at two. A confirmation service was held in St. John's Church at three o'clock, the following clergymen taking part:— The Revs. M. F. Oahill (incumbent), A. R. Stackhouse, and J. Heffernan. The attendance was very fair, considering the floods. Thirty- two candidates were confirmed. In the evening a tea-meeting was held in tne bmre Hall. Alter tea the Bishop gave an address on ' Church Work.' Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. M. F. Cahill on ' The Position of Woman under the Roman Law ;' Rev. J. Heffernan, and the Rev. A. R. Stackhouse on ' The Position of Woman under the Victorian Law.' The latter gentleman remarked that Alexandra and Yea being such near neighbours, and having once been worked together, he thought it only right to help when asked. An address was also delivered by Mr. Sisely on ' Influence.' The musical part ?of the programme was of a high standard. Of the items the best were the three duets, ' I Waited for the Lord,' by Mrs. Waymouth and Mrs. Anglin ; ' The Wind and the Harp,' by Miss B. Cookson and Miss Waymouth ; and ' O Lovely Peace,' by Mrs. Gordon and Miss Hill. After votes of thanks had been carried with acclamation to the Bishop and Mrs. Goe, and to the choir and friends, the meeting terminated. Beechwobth. — His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, with Mrs. ; Goe, paid his first visit to Beechworth on Saturday. 12th Novem ber. Great preparations had been made for the interesting ?event for some weeks past, it having been decided to hold a tea meeting' and present the Bishop with an address of welcome. The tea-meeting took place in the town hall the same evening. Eight \ tables were laid in the following order, being provided by the ladies named, who were assisted by the Misses Perry, Fox, Foster, Hannaford, Newson, Brown, Pickersgill, Fyfe, Skinner, Dobbyn, and Pyle : — No. 1, Mesdames Fox and Perry ; No. 2, Mesdames Foster and Hannaford ; No. 3, Mesdames Cullington and Northeast ; No. 4, Mesdames Cross ;andDobbyn; No. 5, Mesdames Warren and Pyle ; No. 6, Mesdames Pickersgill and Fyfe ; No. 7, Mrs. Armstrong and Miss Brown ; No. 8, Mesdames Newson and Francis. It may be mentioned that several other ladies, too numerous to particularise, contributed to the feast of gopd things. On the platform table (No. 1), at which the Bishop and Mrs. Goe sat, was placed a very handsome floral tribute in the shape of a bishop's mitre, formed of roses and other choice blooms, the handiwork of Mesdames Deshon and C. Graham, which was presented to Mrs. Goe, who expressed her warmest thanks for the pretty gift. The Rev. G. F. Cross, as chairman of the meeting, asked the Hon. F. Brown to read the address. The Hon. F. Brown, M.L.C., read the address, which was as follows : — ' To the Right Reverend Field Flowers Goe, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne. May it please your Lordship — We, the Incumbent, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of Christ Church, Beechworth, desire, on behalf of the congregation, to offer a cordial and respectful welcome to your Lordship and Mrs. Goe on the occasion of your visit to this district, and to express our sense of the pleasure and privilege which that visit confers on us. We trust it is the beginning of a long series, of which each and all will be as satisfactory to yourself as profitable to us — that our mutual relations will be productive of mutual respect and comfort as long as it pleases God to spare you to us. It is a matter of much congratu lation to this diocese, which has been so highly favoured in the past, that it can look forward with hope and confidence to a prosperous future under your care. Your Lordship's predecessors — the one for the beneficent wisdom with which he laid the foundations of our Church institutions and Church lue ; the other for his large-minded and high-minded interpretation of the spirit as well as the tenets of Christianity, and both alike for their conscientious piety and self denying zeal— have left behind them names that will be revered amongst us while the memory of them lasts ; and we are persuaded that the good work done by them will be continued by you, and that the loyal affection and honour so long cherished for its spiritual head will be continued on the part of the diocese to which we belong. We earnestly pray that He who has called you to this office and ministry may give you the Divine strength needful for the worthy discharge of its onerous duties, that you may live many years to labour for and with us in the service of our common Master, and that you may see in your lifetime the fruit of your labours, as well as receive the reward of the faithful servant in the world to come. — Geo. F. Cross, incumbent; J. Armstrong, J. Mitchelson, R. -Warren, churchwardens; F. Bbown. S. T. Channon, A. C. Fyfe, Geo. Johnston, W. W. Hanna ford, R. Hohmuth, A. B. Keage, S. Marsh, E. Northeast, F. J. Perry, J. 'W. Russell, W. J. Thomas, vestrymen.' The Bishop, who on rising was greeted with warm applause, said that he wished very heartily to thank the incumbent and the parishioners for the very ? hearty welcome they had accorded to Mrs. Goe and to himself. He was aw tuts biiub oiiiiuiuiir^ evening wits liiuouveiiieub, uui n is more blessed to give than to receive.' He had received a goodly feast. The Church congregation and their minister wanted to give to Mrs. Goe and himself as much as they could. For his own part, he would sooner have the opportunity of preaching the Gospel of Christ twice on Sunday, and also of confirming the young on that afternoon. The Sabbath he regarded as his grand day. What market day was to the people of England, Sunday was to him. He rejoiced when he saw their church, which he had been told would accommodate 360 persons. Let there be, he urged, good congregations, as attendance at Divine worship showed attachment to the Church he represented, which was worthy of its members' love and allegiance. (Applause.) If those present could see the strides the Church of England had made, and was making, they would be convinced that the Spirit of God was resting on her. (Hear, hear.) He was pleased to be present there that evening, and their attendance, when the call of business required the presence elsewhere of many of those assembled showed more clearly the love they bore for the Church to which they belonged, and the respect they desired to show for the Bishop who represented that Church on his coming amongst them. For his part he would not forget his Beechworth Saturday as long as' he lived, for it was unique in its way. On Mrs. Goe's part and his own he heartily thanked all present for their kind and generous welcome. His Lordship resumed his seat amid loud and prolonged applause. The chairman called upon Mr. Richard Warren to say a few words. Mr. Warren observed that the church in Beechworth had begun in a very small way, but now, as the Bishop could see, all that was changed. He mentioned that among those assembled repre sentatives of every Protestant Church were present, including the ministers. He trusted that his Lordship would be, like his prede cessors, a power in the land, and concluded his remarks by proposing a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies for their kindness in catering for the tea-meeting. (Applause.) Sub-Inspector Thomas seconded the proposition, which was carried by loud acclamation. The pronouncing of the benediction by his Lordship brought the proceedings to a close. Sabbath services.— The Bishop preached in Christ Church on Sunday morning from Hosea xiv. 4 — 7 — 'I will heal their back sliding, I will love them freely: for Mine anger is turned away from him. I will be as the dew unto Israel : he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon. His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon. They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine : the scent thereof shall be as the wine of - Lebanon.' A fine sermon, full of interesting illustrations, and listened to with earnest attention. In the afternoon the church was crowded to witness the rite of confirmation, for which there were fifty-two candidates — thirty-seven girls and fifteen boys. In the evening the church was again filled. The Bishop took as the text of his sermon John iii. 30 — ' He must increase, but I must decrease.' John the Baptist might be regarded as the last of a long list of prophets, of which he was the foremost. His mission was not a final — it was a preparatory— dispensation, continued until Jesus came. The text was the prelude to Christ's words to His disciples—' Ye are not under the law; ye are under grace.' He (the Bishop) would like his hearers to look at the text as if it read thus: ' Christ must increase, self- must decrease.' He doubted whether self-forgetfulness was anywhere in ' the Bible more strikingly exhibited than in the life of John the ?ami BHll Baptist, whose one object was to exalt Christ, and sink his individu HB| ; ality in that endeavour. If he had declared that he was the Messiah, HER . when asked by the deputation that waited upon him and asked ' Who HH .artthou?' they would have believed it; but no, he simply said 'I Hra am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of mtm the Lord.' He was the messenger, and not the- Messiah that was to gHH come, and how reverently he acquiesced in the arrangement. ' He Mm must increase, but I must decrease.' Plow that fact was illustrated HII in the passage, 'Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of hh| the world.' And what wns the result of that little sermon ? That !§j| those who heard him were led to follow Jesus. That was the true ragj test of a successful ministry— whether the people who attended church Bam worship followed Christ. If they did not, it was ' nothing but rag soundiug brass and tinkling cymbals.' They should ask themselves ?H ? if the ministrations carried on in the pulpit led them to follow Christ. mm It did not require much observation of human nature, nor any pro Hra found knowledge, to become aware that self was paramount. Those BBj who possessed money considered that it was their own, to spend as Bjj| they liked, and God's claims on it were disregarded, while self became BH more and more the governing principle of their lives. But if they fig changed their mode of living in favour of Christ, self decreased and B| He increased. But he would not have any true followers of Jesus Kg * Christ to be discouraged, because self overpowered them and gained H§j the mastery for a time. Christian life did not advance to maturity by BJI leaps and bounds, but attained perfection even as the seed sprang «H from the ground, and grew up until the grain Avas ripe, or as the sun Ha in its course. By degrees self in the Christian was subdued, and the HJj Lord Jesus- took possession of the heart. Let each member of the mm congregation assembled ask which was increasing in his or her heart HJ —self or God. Many seemed to think that everybody would be with SB Christ at the last. But the Bible did not tell them so. It would be SJ lulling the conscience to sleep, and it would be a fatal error on the HM part of any minister to tell his congregation that such was to be the BJ ' case. Jesus said, ' Where I am there will My servant be' — and His raj servants alone. They were asked to yield themselves up to Him. H wholly and solely. Had they thought of the sacrifice made for them H by His death on the cross, and of His agony in the Garden of Geth H semane, when He sweat great drops of blood? Should they, knowing BJ that, lead selfish lives, giving up nothing? God forbid; and, by the BJ amazing love of His beloved Son, let them henceforth resolve to lead H guch lives that Christ may increase in them, and self decrease. H The collection during the day amounted to £13 12s. 3d., divided as BJ follows :— Morning service, £4; afternoon, £3 os.; evening, £6 7s. 3d. BJ His Lordship the Bishop left Beechworth on Monday morning for 9 Yackandandah, where he held a confirmation service at three o'clock, H and preached that evening in Holy Trinity Church. H Castlemaine. — Farewell sermons were preached in Christ Church on ? . Sunday, 27th November, by the incumbent, the Bev. J. Carlisle, prior BJ to his removing to Kyneton. It is scarcely six months since Mr. B Carlisle arrived from Echuca, and filled the vacant incumbency of H Christ- Church; but during that brief period of his stay here he has, EJ by his eloquent preaching and genial and amiable manners, endeared ? himself to the parishioners, and also the members of other denomina H tions with whom he has come in contact. Mrs. Carlisle has also W made the acquaintance of a very large circle of friends by her gentle, BJ ladylike demeanour and benevolent actions. Alluding to the opposi BJ tion that had been made to his nomination, Mr. Carlisle said: 'At ? my entrance on the ministry of this parish I was reminded of the BJ legend of the Battle of Chalons, where the ghosts of the slain were H said to have fought for three days in the air. The battle of the H appointment, at first fought in Melbourne, was transferred to the papers, n I am thankful to God and grateful to you that it was only a phantom ? battle. I have received nothing but kindness since I came among you, ? and I bear with me a pleasant remembrance of you all.' At Sunday Sj - school Mr. Onians, the superintendent, presented Mrs. Carlisle with a ? handsome Bible and Prayer Book on behalf of the members of the ? . Bible-class, as a token of the esteem in which she is held by them, all B regretting that the lady is leaving the parish. There was a suitable ? acknowledgment to the present. — Gastlemaiiie Advertiser. BJ: East Melbourne. — The private concert hall in Sir William Clarke's H new house, at the corner of Clarendon-street and the Eichmond-road, ? 'was formally opened on Tuesday, 15th November, when a very suc ? cessful concert was given in aid of the building fund of Trinity H Church. The building was also very kindly lent for a cake fair and ? sale of gifts for church objects on the Thursday, Friday, and Saturday I in the same week. 1 Hawksburn: St. Martin's. — Friday, 11th November, being St. ? Martin's Day, the 'dedication festival of this church has been kept for fl the first time, the nave having been built during the last year. There I -was a full choral service on St. Martin's Evening, the following choirs B '. taking part in it : — All Saints', St. Kilda ; Christ Church, South Tarra ; I Christ Church, St. Kilda; Holy Trinity, Balaclava; St. George's, I Malvern ; and St. Martin's, Hawsburn. The spacious chancel was ? filled with some hundred and fifty surplicedmen andboys, and there S was a very large congregation, in spite of the inclement weather. I ? The Eev. W. G. Hindley, being prevented by illness from preaching, I the Eev. J. F. Stretch gave a bright, spontaneous sermon on the I subject of ' Praise.' The Eevs. H. F. Tucker, H. C. Hancock, W. C. I Pritchard, and J. Caton also took part in the service. The anthems, S psalms, and canticles were very well rendered, the least successful part ; of the service being the processional hymn. With such a large number of singers marching, it is always best to have cornets to ensure perfect time. All the organists assisted at the organ at w different points in the service. After evensong the choristers were $ provided with refreshments in the schoolroom, and the clergy, I organists, and choirmasters were entertained at the vicarage. The I festival was continued on the following Sunday, when the eleven a.m. I service was a fully choral celebration of the Eucharist, with proces I sional and other hymns. There were about one hundred and seventy I communicants. As gifts to the church, a new carpet of ecclesiastical a pattern was given for the whole chancel, which is an unusually large ? one ; and also additional ornaments for the altar. Maffra. — On Thursday, 3rd November, the ceremony in connection -. with the induction of Eev. J. B. Sharp took place in St. John's - Church. In the morning at half-past seven, the sacrament of the ? Lord's Supper was celebrated. In the evening service commenced at ? half-past seven, but owing to the unpropitious weather, the congre- ? gation, although being a very good one, was not as large' as it would otherwise have been. The service was a most impressive one' throughout, conducted by Canon Watson, of Sale, assisted by Eevs. Thomas, Walker, and Betts. Mr. Philip G. King, of Boisdale, and Mr. H. White, of Maffra, acted on behalf of the Churchwardens in delivering up the keys of the church. The communion table was draped with a most beautiful cloth, which, we learn, had been presented to Bev. J. B. Sharp by the Sisterhood of St. Giles', Oxford. On an elevation on same table was placed a very handsome floral cross, with two elegant bouquets on either side, with a scarlet cross ? on each. A full choir, well trained, assisted ably in the musical part of the service. A very able sermon was preached by Canon Watson, . his text being taken from St. John xvii. 21, 22. The rev. gentleman eloquently set forth the unity which should exist in the Church of Christ, the attention of his hearers being rivetted throughout. We must say we never heard Canon Watson to greater advantage. The ? inducted incumbent seemed to feel the great responsibility placed on him during the ceremony. The offertory was in aid of the Sunday school funds. — Maffra Spectator. Mansfield.— The consecration of St. John's Church took place on Wednesday, 9th November, before a fair congregation, by the Bishop. - The weather was all that could be desired, but the late rains pre vented many from attending. The Eev. Mr. Cahill, of Alexandra, and Mr. F. J. Buckland (acting chancellor and registrar) took part in the ceremony with the incumbent, the Eev. E. Heffernan. The Bishop preached from Psalm cxxii. 1 — 'I was glad when they said, unto me, We will go into the house of the Lord.' Special psalms were nicely chanted by the choir. The ceremony lasted about two hours and a half. A tea and public meeting was held in the shire hall in the evening to welcome the Bishop. The tables were nicely laid out, and everybody seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, the only drawback being the smallness of the hall, as there was hardly, room to turn round in the great crush at some of the tables. The-^ principal ladies of the town presided, and took an active interest in the proceedings. At the public meeting the hall was crammed, many being unable to gain admittance. ? Mr. Buckland read an address o£ welcome to the Bishop, as follows: — 'To the Eight Eev. Father in, God, Field Flowers, Lord Bishop of Melbourne. My Lord — It is with much pleasure and satisfaction we welcome you to the Mansfield district. Your great earnestness, ability, and conspicuous powers ,as an administrator open up a wide prospect of spiritual usefulness to- the Church in this diocese, tinder your fatherly counsel and encouragement we have every confidence in the development and. progress of Gospel truth in this young and growing colony. We trust your visit to this district will be a stimulus to us to labour more heartily for the cause of Christ so dear to you, as shown by your: reputation as a parish clergyman, and as now seen in your untiring efforts since your arrival in Australia. We regret that, through unfore-. seen circumstances, our church is not in that finished state we would: like to see it on the occasion of yourvisit, but we hope soon to see all the improvements contemplated duly completed, and that when your Lordship will again be pleased to honour us with your presence, the church of Mansfield will . be more worthy of its sacred purpose. We are glad to know that you have so able and willing a helper in Mrs. Goe ; and in the prayer that your Lordship may long be spared to rule over the affairs of this great diocese, and that we may see much blessing and fruit of your labours, we remain, your faithful servants signed) E. Heffernan, minister ; W. N. Crocket, trustee ; E. H.. Macartney, C. Boles, E. Harbison, A. C. Cook, H. G. Amos, M. Black, guardians; F. J. Buckland, secretary and treasurer.'' The Bishop returned thanks in a very cordial manner, and expressed his pleasure at the hearty reception given to him. Whatever they thought about the Bishop, he felt sure they had a good Bishop'S wife. Among those who delivered addresses were Mr. Sparrow, reader, of Jamieson, the Eev. Mr. Cahill, of Alexandra, and the incumbent, A vote of thanks to the Bishop and the ladies closed the proceedings. Everything, from the consecration in the morning to the finale in the evening, passed off as merrily as a marriage-bell; not one hitch or unpleasantness occurred during the whole day, and. everybody departed for their homes at the close of the meeting with the feeling that they had thoroughly enjoyed themselves. It is roughly estimated that the proceeds will amount to upwards of £25. Thanks are due to the ladies who took such an active interest in the work, and to whom its success is largely due. Eingwood. — On Sunday, 30th October, the Eev. W. G. Marsh com menced an eight-days' mission in the reader's district of Bingwood,. Birt's Hill, and Anderson's Creek. The opening day was a remarkable success, as the weather was clear and fine, allowing many who are living at a distance to attend. And although the churches are some distance apart, they were well filled by attentive listeners— some regular worshippers, but others rarely to be seen inside of our church The sermons were very earnest and effective, and at the administra tion of Holy Communion which followed, some who had neglected that holy feast for years were now to be seen partaking of it. The services on that day were beyond all our expectations. During the four days which followed, although the services were held in different, places, they were very well attended, the holidays in no way hindering the people. The fine weather, which was such a gift at the beginning of the mission, now terminated on Friday, when the rain poured in torrents, and so hindered the people from coming out as freely as before ; yet considering all things, an exceedingly good service was held. For the following day the attendance was somewhat limited, on account of the very bad weather. On Sunday, 6th November, though the rain was very heavy, the attendance both morning and afternoon was very good. On Monday, 7th November, a special thanksgiving, ? service was held, when the Ringwood church was crowded. Mr. Marsh preached on ' Thanksgiving,' his sermon being very powerful. and yet homely. During the;eight days Mr.. Marsh preached thirteen times, and, with the distance \yhich he had to travel over very bad roads, and many other discomforts owing to the state of the -weather, I he must have been tired when the mission closed. We were very I sorry to say good-bye to the missioner, because as the last services I were being held the interest grew larger. As regards the outcome of I the mission, it may be said with great thankfulness that it has done a 1 great deal of good. Many who were negligent in matters of religion are now made careful, and several have shown true signs of turning to God. Altogether, the mission was blessed and owned of God, to the salvation of souls, and the strengthening of many a weak Christian. Seymour. — The Eight Bev. the Bishop of Melbourne again visited Christ Church on the 4th November. In the afternoon he administered the sacred rite of confirmation to 34 persons, and in the evening preached at a special service. Unfortunately, the weather was most unfavourable. It rained heavily the whole day, consequently 15 can didates for confirmation who were expected from a distance were unable to be present. This makes the number confirmed this year 59. One of our Sunday-school teachers at Avenel (Miss Morris) was placed second in the prize- list in connection with the teachers' voluntary examination. The examiners report that she did excellent work. The cake and fancy fair recently held at Nagambie was a great success. It lasted four days, and was the means of raising £160, which will clear off the debt on the new organ and provide funds for a suitable bell and other improvements on the church ground. Archdeacon Herring paid a semi-official visit to the district on the 13th ult. He preached at the services held at Nagambie, Avenel, and Seymour, which included a journey of forty miles. During the week following he viBited a few of the many outlying districts which the Eev. W. Green till lately superintended. Good congregations were present at the services, and the work of the Church is making considerable progress. St. Kilda: Chbibt Church. — A very pleasant gathering of Sunday school teachers (about thirty in number) took place at the vicarage on the evening of 17th November. After the teachers had taken tea, and a number of pieces of vooal and instrumental music had been effectively rendered by some of the ladies present, the business of the meeting was opened by a hymn and a prayer from the vicar. A very practical and useful address was then given to the teachers by Mr. W. E. Morris, Begistrar of the Diocese, who spoke forcibly upon the importance of, necessity for, and qualifications requisite to, efficient Sunday-school teaching, mentioning some books specially useful to those engaged in the work. A vote of thanks to Mr. Morris was then proposed by the Bev. E. Stephen (who spoke of the value of such addresses), and seconded by Mr. E. Armstrong, who remarked that ihe felt there was very much encouragement to be derived from what Mr. Morris had said. After a very delightful and profitable evening the meeting closed at ten o'clock. Wodonga and the Upper Murrat. — The Lord Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Goe, accompanied by the Eev. A. J. Drewett, incumbent, I made a tour of the whole of this vast district, commencing on I Tuesday, 15th November, at Bethanga, where a confirmation . service 1 was held in Holy Trinity Church. There was a crowded congregation, ? I and the Bishop addressed the candidates both before and after thei i laying on of hands. Early on Wednesday morning a start was made 1 for the residence of Mr. S. G. Watson, of Walwa, sixty miles distant, I where the party remained for the night, and on the morrow (Thursday) I completed the journey to Corryong, Upper Murray, thus making the I first episcopal visit to these p&vta;, the Upper Murray district having I several times before been disappointed of a Bishop's visit. Thursday, I 17th November, was therefore a red-letter day in the history of I Corryong, both on account of- being the first visit of a Bishop, and 1 also because of the laying of the foundation-stone of the new church I of All Saints'. The stone was laid with great ceremony, a large con | course of people assembling from all parts. The usual service used 1 on such occasions was read by the incumbent* and addresses delivered I by the Bishop, incumbent, and reader after the stone had been laid by I the Bishop. A handsome trowel was presented to his Lordship by the | guardians of All SaintB' Church, containing the following inscription : — I 'Presented to the Eight' Eeverend Field Mowers Goe, D.D., Bishop 1 of Melbourne, on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of All I Saints' Church, Corryong, 7th November, 1887.' Offerings were 1 then placed upon the stone to the amount of £68. In the cavity I underneath were placed copies of The Church of England Messenger, I Wodonga Sentinel, Albury Banner, Argus, and a parchment scroll I containing the following: — 'To the glory of the Most High God. 1 In perpetual memory of the death and resurrection of His only | begotten Son, our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, until He comes I again, and for the maintenance of the faith once delivered to the I saints, this foundation-stone of the Church of All Saints', Corryong, I in the parochial district of Wodonga and the Upper Murray, in the 1 Diocese of Melbourne and the colony of Victoria, was laid by the Lord I Bishop of Melbourne on Thursday, 17th November, in the year of our f Lord 1887, the Eight Eeverend Field Flowers Goe, D.D., being Bishop I of Melbourne ; the Eeverend Arthur Joseph Drewett, incumbent of | the parochial district of Wodonga ; and James Thomas Bate, assistant | minister in charge of Corryong; Messrs. James, William, and Charles I Wheeler, J. Hanson, T. B. Waters, and Arnold Playle, Building Com f mittee of All Saints' Church; architect and builder, Mr. Ordish. ? ' Be favourable and gracious unto Zion. Build Thou the walls of Jerusalem.' ' The Bcroll was the handiwork of Mr. J. Arundel, post master of Wodonga, and was executed in a beautiful manner. At seven o'clock a confirmation service was held in the Athenasum. Next day the journey was resumed, and on nearing the township of Tallangatta quite a cavalcade came out to meet the episcopal party, and formed into a procession, reaching the township at seven p.m. Service was conducted, and the Bishop preached the same evening, and also confirmed a few candidates. On Saturday morning the return journey to Wodonga was completed. On Sunday two services were held in St. Luke's Church, and a large number of candidates, including many adults, were confirmed! in the evening. The Bishop ; pteaokesl in ths morning from the words, .' Gather up the' fragments that nothing be lost,' and in the evening from Eccles. ii. Hand 2 Tim. iv. 7. The church was literally crammed at both services, many being turned away for want of room. The utterances of the Bishop on this day will not be soon forgotten by all those who heard him. The offerings, which amounted to over £11, were devoted to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. On Monday morning the Bishop formally opened a bazaar in aid of St. Luke's Church, Wodonga, and left by the mid-day train for Melbourne. During his Lordship's tour in this large and important district he held four confirmations, laid the foundation-stone of a new church, preached three times, opened ! a bazaar, and travelled over two hundred miles of the roughest roads in his diocese. : :. Yea. — When the Bishop of Melbourne paid his first visit to ? Tea a thoroughly representative meeting of members of all denomi nations had assembled at the railway station. The Bishop was received with loud cheering. At the Temperance Hall, the Bev. A. B. Stackhouse, after welcoming the Bishop, called oh Mr. Webster, jun., to read the address, to the following effect:—' To the Eight Eeverend F. F. Goe, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne : May it please your Lordship — We, the undersigned guardians of St. Luke's Church, on behalf of the members and adherents of the Church of England, in the parochial district of Yea, beg to offer to your Lord- ; ship and Mrs. Goe a very hearty welcome on this your first visit to this portion of your diocese. From your Lordship's public utterances ??? since your arrival in this colony, we feel assured that we have a ' Diocesan who will uphold the right and put down the wrong, and ever set forth, in all its simplicity and beauty, the old, old story of Jesus ' and His love. With the earnest prayer that Almighty God may spare your Lordship and Mrs. Goe many years to this diocese, arid give you strength to carry out your many important duties, we remain, your Lordship's obedient servants — J. H. Chrystal, G. Coles, A. W. Haslam, D. M'Leish, T. Eoberts, T. S. Scale, H. Smith, J. D. Webster, jun., hon. sec.' The Bishop, who was received most enthusiastically, thanked Mr. Stackhouse for his kind words of welcome. ' When he left Seymour he was told that it would be impossible to hold service on account of the floods, but from the number present he : felt sure that these prognostications would not be verified. On alibis ' visits to different parts of Victoria he had received such cordial welcomes, and there had been such an evident desire on the part' of the people to give him the right hand of assistance, that the weight of responsibility which he felt at succeeding such men as Bishops Perry and Moorhouse had been considerably lessened. He trusted. '?? that he would ever preach, as was so feelingly said in the address ' presented to him, ' the old, old story of Jesus arid His love;' for, however some may call it antiquated, it was, after all, the only doctrine that was ever fresh, ever full of hope. After once more thanking those ] present for their cordial reception of himself and Mrs. Goe, the Bishop sat down amid long-continued applause. On Sunday morning the Bishop, on his way to the church, called in at the Sunday-school, sind addressed a few fatherly words to the children. He afterwards preached to a congregation which completely filled the church a very , practical sermon on Dan. vi. 10. In the afternoon a confirmation ' service was held in the presence of a very large congregation. Fifteen candidates were presented, while eight others who were to have come ' forward were prevented by the floods from attending; but some of ' ?these have since been confirmed at Alexandra. The Bishop addressed the candidates both before and after the taking of the confirmation '?) vow.- ; ' ? ?????.?..:.:??. 