W.A.T.C. SUMMER MEETING. THE SECOND AND THIBD DAYS. Few baokers will do much with regard to the events on the second day's card until they have seen the running on the first day. The Queen's Plate, I suppose, will be the only race about which baokers will care to talk, and, as usual, it does not offer much scope for betting. The names only of Dura- tion and Agitation have, as yet, been men- tioned with regard to it, but there are others whose names may yet become prominent in the betting on this race. There is no reason why Sinbad, Metal, and one or two of the three-year olds should not be banked to win it, if Agitation is considered good enough to beat Duration. H the mare has a 2 to 1 chance to win the Queen's Plate, thon Duration's chance for the Perth Cup cannot be considered to be very bright. The 12lbs. loss that be has to carry, will I fancy, fully compensate for the extra mile he has to travel. He baa, as a hurdle racer, travelled three miles at a good pace on several oocaeions with heavy weights up, lind it is not likely that at weights forage ho will find anything in the Queen** Plate to beat him. I shall, therefore, without further parley go for DURATION to "win the Queen's Plate ana give the places to Sinbad and Agitation respectively. The field is not likely to be large, as nearly all the candidates have other engagements on this day. The first event on the card is the W«8t Australian Derby, for which the field will be Skimmer, Nimrod, Harridan, Urella and Lowlander. Each of the candidates carries Set. 5lbs. Of Skimmer nothing is ki.own beyond that he is by Australian-Lady West. Whether he can race or not, has yetto be dis- covered. Nimrod will hardly be fit, and Lpwlander ia his morning gallops, is showing only very moderate form. He is lazy, and requires a vigorous rider. He is iii very fair trim and will doubtless run well, but I fancy ho will be beaten by* both Harridan and Urella. It is generally reported that Urella is. the better of tbese two fillies, as in a private match which they ran at Bunbury she won. It is not known, however, what weights were carried, though Urella WAS stated to be receiving an advantage and to be in the better condition. The Geraldton running did not afford a very reliable line on which to go, but they have both galloped on the Perth course during this we^k. On Wednes- day morning they were both at fast work, _nd Harridan impressed me as the better of the two. I shall, therefore, go for HA.URA.DAN to win and give Urella and Lowlander for places. The field for t"i« Ladies' Purse Handicap, 1£ miles, is likely to be reduced by the ab- sence of the Queen's Plate candidates, Dur- ation and Sinbad, -and perhaps Metal. Ia that case-and of course it would be folly to run any horse in the two races-there will start for this event, Telephone löst., Hermit 9at. ,71bi., Michael 9st. 6M>s. Should he run, TELEPHONE, 1 believe will win, white Hermit and Michael w.ll make a bold fight of it for second place. There will be a good field for the City Purse, and of the lot, I have the greatest fancy for HEBMIT who is top weight, and ToEMENTOB, who carries 6?t. ¿lbs. The last race on the card is the Flying Stakes, for which there will be a large fi.<td. I quite expect to find that Mr. Towten bos reserved Telephone for this event. D a ration therefore, will most probably be an absentee as aleo may Metal and Sinbad. Telephone will thenbetopweightatSst. 71b«. and there wHbe against him, Hermit 7st. Tibs. ; Robin 7-t. 71ba. i Aspramonte 7st ; Three Corners 7<-t ; Charity 6st. 71bs.i Hinemoa 6«t. Tibs, Gun- powder 58t. 7ibs., is not likely to ooma to the colony.' La*t Autumn, Telephone won this race in lmin. lOsecs. with the greatest ease, and I do not think there is an- other horse in the race who can beat that j erformance, while I quite expect to see Telephone repeat it. I shall therefore give TELEPHONE to win and name Hermit for a place. At present there are only two races on the card for the third day, and the most import- ant is the Metropo itan Haadioi? Hurdle Race. For this it is likely that a'1 the candid- ates will run. I do not consider that Baiera, First King and Navvy have the ghost of a show to win, while at the weights Duration mint, on paper form, beat bofch Agitation, and Michael. Up te the present time Duration has not been given the work necessary for a hurdle race preparation, and it i* not likely he will undergo schooling over the sticks until after the Queen's Plate bus been run. We must suppose, however, that he will go straight, and that even the erratic Michael will not baulk. Acting'upon that Supposi- tion, therefore, I have no hesitation in giving DURATION te win and Michael and Agitation for places. The Selling race on the third day should, at the weights, prove a good thing for TOBMENTOK at 5st. 71bs. VINDEX. 