€OSSIP. London Gossip. (FBOH OU& OWN COEBESPONDE.VT.) LONDON, Aug. 9. The Spalding election made the Unionists 'sit up.' They have been kept pretty well in that posi tion since, and now Sir George Trevelyan's victory has finished them oft The Government has found out that it is getting itself disliked, and already wild rumours of impending changes are flying about. Lord Hartington is to be Premier in the next Parliament, whether he will or no ; that is one account. Another says that Mr. Chamberlain, is legislating for Ireland, and that, if Unionists and Conservatives won't accept his code, he will shake off their dust from his feet. If anyone feels any doubt that one and the same event may seem quite different to all the actors in it, they need only read the different accounts of the Round Table Conference given by the men who sat at it, Mr. Lycurgus Chamberlain differs from all his colleagues. I am very much afraid the Birming ham potentate has spoiled his carrihre ouverte atts talents. English merchants are beginning to advertise their wares in uninese newspapers, in tne language or tne celestial Empire. A Chinese paper has lately pointed out that this is a hopeless task. A. mangle, when translated, becomes ' wring-dry-flatiron-wheel con trivance,' which is hardly likely to present a picture of that invaluable domestic article to the Chinese mind. The Times points out that the best plan is to send a plain unvarnished advertisement in English, accompanied by an illustration of the article, to the native papers, requesting that it may be made com prehensible to Chinese readers. This the paper does, and mirabile dietu does not charge for the translation. The terms for advertising are very low. The adver tiser should also hare some simple distinguishing trade or other mark which should appear in the ad vertisement and on the goods. In Count Fitzthum's Reminiscences, the English translation of which is just published, there is a say ing of Napoleon IIL to Pitzthum, that shows the silent man.knew more of England than his subjects. ' Being in England is like being on a big ship amidst fogs, and at the mercy of tb.e tempests. The order to clear is given constantly. There is continual move ment, and one always seems to be on the eve of a revolution. But looking closer you perceive that there's nothing in it, and that the good ship goes on steadily.' Disraeli said to Fitzthum one ;day, ' I have always thought Gladstone, Bright, and myself the three most energetic men in the House. I have watched Gladstone very carefully, and I am convinced that his strength of will is inflexible. Bright is some times blind, but his eloquence is most powerful.' For years, Mr. Labouchere has been hammering away at the conduct of cases by our magistrates, paid and unpaid. If logic was as forcible as sentiment, his hammering would by now liave produced some result. The sentiment wanting is at last supplied, and the great Cass case, which Mr. Home Secretary Matthews calls the great ' Cuss ' case, has at last made magis trates tremble in their shoes. In fact, the real offender against Miss Cass was Mr. Newton, the Marl borough-Btreet magistrate. We do not expect to get men at 25s. a week to be impartial and immaculate, but we do expect it from men trained to weigh evi dence, and who are decently paid to hold the scales. A sorely-needed bill has just been issued protect ing newspaper proprietors in libel actions. The principal provision makes it necessary for the plaintiffs to produce sureties for costs, and another is that on a prosecution for libel it must be Bhown that the person proceeded against was privy to the publication of the libeL Provided these provisions only extend to re ports, it is to be hoped the bill will become law. The Langworthy case bias ended in an all-round triumph for the Pall Mall Gazette. It would have been eminently unsatisfactory otherwise. To have had our feelings daily harrowed, our anger stirred, and our righteous pugnacity called up on imaginative bases, would have operated as a damper on all future appeals to those admirable feelings. It is to be hoped that success in this case will not cause Mr. Stead to be less careful in future when he again makes us sublimely mad. At last a French duel has been proposed that really meant bloodshed ; but, being against all respectable traditions, it is ' off.' M. Jules Ferry called General Boulanger a 'music-hall St. Arnaud.' (St. Arnaud carried out the coup d'etat of 1851.) General Boulanger's honour came to the fore, and urged the General to wipe out the Ion mot in its author's blood. M. Ferry was willing enough to fight the ordinary French duel, but -when Boulanger's seconds made it a sine qut turn that life should be sacrificed, M. Ferry's thought that would be sending their principal a little too far, and declined. This affair ought really to kill duelling in a country where men are so afraid of being ridiculous. When Bou langer'B honour last required satisfaction, he stood opposite M. de Lareintz, and he had the right of shoot ing first His pistol missed fire, and his opponent discharged his obliquely. The general, however, told M. de Lareintz that he would not have insulted his opponent by not firing at him. One of his seconds tried the pistol, and it again missed fire. French honour was, however, presumably satisfied, for the antagonists shook hands and ' complimented each other.' When we hear of people giving 10,000 to 20,000 guineas for sets of vases of ' pate tendre ' in old Sevres ware, we wonder how they can be worth, so much. A great authority- on china, Mr. Goode, of South Audley-street, has enlightened us. The mag nificent tints produced at the old Sevres manufactory — -such as turquoise, rose du Barry, gros bleu, bleu de roi, apple-green, &c;— cannot ever be made again, for their production cost so mtuch that the expense was even a factor in the discontent that produced the first Revolution. About 38 years ago the directorate re solved to revrFe the manufacture of soft paste; but notwithstanding that the staff had in hand all fl? books and receipts from the beginning of the works, the result was a failure. In a recent article in the Paris Tempi, Alphonse Baudet disposes of the rumour that Gambetta was the original of his hero Numa Boumestan. M. Daudet writes :— ' As if it were possible I as if, if Gambetta had served me as a model, anybody could mistake him even under a mask. I can only say that Gam betta himself never believed the story, and that he was the first to be amused at it. Being one evening his neighbour at dinner, he asked me if the 'when. I don't talk I don't think ' of Roumestan was an in vented or a remembered phrase. 'Pure invention, my dear Gambetta.' 'Very well,' he replied, «thia morning at the Cabinet Council one of my colleagues declared that he only thought when talking; de cidedly your phrase hails from that quarter.'' Daudet goes on to say that he collected the material for thi» first of modern French novels, as well as for his two ' Tartarins' from his family and familiar circle in the sunny south, in which he says : ' Havel not played, mimicked, and sung my South ? Have I not imitated the noises of the crowd at the bull-fight, the battles, for the benefit of human beings and demi-human beings, and the chants of the penitents in the proces sions on the Saint's Day.' An English translation of Victor Hugo's ' Choses Vues ' has just been issued by Messrs. Routledge and Sons. Hugo's executors would have done well to burn some of the papers in this collection ; but ther© are some well worth preserving. The Citizen King did not make a very imposing figure in Victor Hugo's memory. When Louis Philippe called him self 'not clever' he saw himself as posterity sees him. He told Hugo that he had never been in love but once in his life, and that was with his governess, Madame de Genlis, who was twice his age, and who ' wopped ' him unmercifully. Of Madame de Genlis might be said the same thing as Doctor Johnson said of Lord Chesterfield — only more so. When the King ran away, in 1848, his royal breeding could not stand so severe a test, and his last royal act was to seize a coach filled with women and children, and turn them out, to get in himself. It does not show him in any more courtly light that the ladies were his daughters in-law, and the children his grandchildren. .' On the whole he was not intelligent !' The page on the death of Balzac is a very sad one, and is told as well as Balzac could have told it himself — qui n'ettpas pat dire. The life of Miss Margaret Gillies, whose death was announced last week, must have been a delightful one. An artist who from eighteen to eighty went on ever producing new work andgood work, absorbed in her profession, and loving it beyond every earthly thing, must have had an all-round 'good time.' Her last work, a drawing in this year's exhibition of the Royal Water-colour Society, is called ' Christiana by the River of Life,' and was painted in her eighty* Becond year. The society sent down a beautiful wreath, to be laid on her coffin. She had been, an, associate since 1852 or 1853, In a paper in the Saturday Review, attributed to Lady Colin Campbell, we read awful things of the jeunevse doree of England. Though, like the celebrated' criminal, they are blessed with health and strength, yet they go about corrupting .other men's wives, and, what is worse, boast afterwards of their successes.' If half the lady says is true, then we do indeed need a generation of Colonel Newcomes to sweeten the savour of our island manhood. The Times records to-day an act of pure heroism about as high as human nature has ever shown itself capable of. Mr. Lysaght, a medical officer of the Bristol Royal Infirmary, performed the operation of tracheotomy on a man supposed to be suffering from diphtheria. The pipe became clogged, and Mx. Lysaght, knowing, of course, the terrible risk he ran, sucked it clear. The man died of sup pressed scarlatina ; Mr. Lysaght caught the disease in its worst form, and died too. Surely one of our scientists could invent a suction engine that would obviate the necessity of performing this dreadful operation. Our board schools do not tell well in Bible know* ledge. A blue book just published gives Bome answers in an examination. To the question, ??What lessons may we learn from the story of the death of John the Baptist r ' the following were amongst the answers: — 'We should not give parties.' 'We should not dance.' ' Men should never marry widows.' This would have delighted Weller, sen. In a description of the descent of the Holy Ghost, one youngster wrote : ' Tons of fire rested on the head of the disciples ; ' and another, ' They preached every language in the world at once.' Three schoolmasters of three schools as distant as Winchester, Marlborough, and Harrow have decided that the age of 12 is young enough for their pupils to begin Greek. The youngsters are throwing up their caps and giving three cheers for Miss Agneta Ram say, this year's senior classic, who did not begin to study Greek till she was 16. It will be remembered that John Stuart Mill began Greek at three years of age. There is truly ' nothing new under the sun.' From a translation of minor cuneiform inscriptions in the British Museum, just published by the learned American Assyriologist, Mr. S. Alden Smith, we learn that after the capture of Babylon, B.C. 7*29, a veritable Home Rule movement, fostered and supported by a National League, kept the land of Chaldea in a state of disturbance, and taxed all the energies of the Assyrian generals and statesmen for at least a century. Who knows, after this, but that a Hibernicism is the lineal descendant of an Assyrian bull? On the 26th of July the Bodlian Library bought * small volume of 'Evangelia' at Messrs. Sotheby's. It has turned out to be of the llth century, and, what is more, to have belonged to St. Margaret of Scotland, mother of Henry I. — wife, Matilda. A passage Mthe book has been compared with an ex tract given by Turgot, in his ' Life of the Queen,' and it is evident that this is the identical book bee lieved to have been the subject of a miracle because it was kept uninjured during a long immersion in A river. It is beautifully illuminated and contains jsortions of the, Gospel recited during the Mass. 