The- Story Teller. CLEVER LADY SOPHIA. (Continued,) In short, before a fortnight had elapsed Lord Warrender was over head and ears in love with the beautiful Miss Wylie. For this it must be admitted that he was in no way to blame. A man can't help falling in love; and the simple truth is, that he was unconscious of any such catas- trophy having befallen him. All he knew was that he was charmed and happy in Miss Wylie's society; that he looked forward to encountering her at the enter- tainments which he had taken to fre- quenting, and that the days on which he failed to meet her were dull and blank days to him. One might say as much as that about one's grandmother, supposing one's grandmother to be a singularly fascinating and sympathetic person. But it is hardly necessary. to add that this innocent and child-like view of the situation was not participated in by those who saw Lord Warrender devoting him- self, night after night, to the fair debut- ante; and at length a time came when the opinions ot a censorious world were revealed to him with startling abruptness. At a ball one evening, he was. meditativelv watching Claud and Miss Wylie waltzing together, and was wishing in a vague way that nature had bestowed upon him as handsome a face as his brother's, when Lady Sophia beckoned to him to approach. "Lord Warrender," said she, after moving away her dress, so as to admit of his sitting down beside her. 'I want to have a little talk with you. I have noticed— and I am sure, it has been a great pleasure to me— that you and dear Constance have become fast friends. You are always together ; you dance continually with her, and I think you admire her very much, don't you ? " ' Nobody can admire your daughter more than I do, Lady Sophia,' responded Lord Warrender, with much heartiness; for, oddly enough, he had not the least suspicion of what was coming. " I am quite convinced of that; and— well, and so are other people. You must not mind , my dispensing with ceremony — it is so often the best and kindest thing to do. And I dare say you will understand that, situated as I am, I am sometimes obliged to say things which I should be contented with thinking if dear Constance's father was still alive. Now, you know, Lord Warrender, you have been dancing, a great deal with Constance, and people have begun to talk. in fairness to her I ought to tell you this." . "I'm - I'm awfully sorry— I won't do it again,' gasped Lord Warrender, utterly taken aback. If he been looking at Lady Sophia, instead of at the floor, he would have seen an ominous change come over her face ; but it was in her most dulcet tones that she rejoined: ' Dear Lord Warrender, why should you not do it again? If you feel as I think - as I am sure you do, you have only to say so, and then you will be able to dance with her as much as you like." 'Good gracious !' ejaculated the as- tounded individual to whom this direct. invitation was addressed. He had heard, in novels and plays, of men being asked their intentions but had always supposed that, if such unpleasant experiences ever took place in real life, they were confined to lower middle-class society. He was considerably alarmed, but he was also angry; and it was the predominance of the latter emotion that enabled him to reply : "You are making a great mistake, Lady Sophia. As I told you before I admire Miss Wylie immensely, and if I were a marrying man— but I am not a marrying man; and, in any case I couldn't think of offering myself to her; because I suspect - in fact, it's as plain as can be, that she likely to become . engaged to my brother before long." Lady Sophia broke into a shrill laugh. 'How ridiculous!' she cried.'' ' You are far too modest, Lord Warrender; and you may take my word for it that Constance is about as likely to become engaged to your brother as to the man in the moon. No; I don't think you will find your brother a very formidable rival.' ' There is no question of rivalry in the matter,' returned Lord Warrender ; rather crossly, as he got. up. 'We'll say no more about it, if you don't mind.' "Just as you please,' answered Lady Sophia, with undiminished sweetness, only I must remind you once more that I am bound to consider what other people say, and I know that if they see you dancing with Constance as you have done lately, they will say that you are engaged to her. Indeed, that is what I myself shall conclude if you dance with her again.' Lord Warrender swallowed down an uncivil retort, made a little bow. and walked straight out of -the room. ' So there's an end to that ! ' he soliloquized, as he drove away. "No more dancing for me, thank you ! I'm sorry for it — sorry for the poor girl, too, to have a mother of that kind. What an un- principled old creature! I suppose she thought I was such a fool that it did'nt matter how openly she played her cards with me." Nobody likes to be thought a fool or to be treated as such; and without en- tertaining any exalted opinion of his own wisdom Lord Warrender was a good deal annoyed by Lady Sophia's cool assumption that he was a man whom no skill was required to bring to book. 'You don't quite know me yet, my, Lady,' thought he to himself as he told his servant to pack up his things and engage berths on board the steamer which was to sail for Christiansand on the following day. He had a river in Norway and a small house adjacent thereto, whither he was accustomed to betake himself every year in June, with contemptuous disregard for the London season. This year he had postponed his departure, having found the season not wholly devoid of attractions ; but now, there was nothing to keep him any lon- ger away from the salmon; and off he went, dispatching a few valedictory lines to his brother: DEAR CLAUD I'm afraid I can't help you much with Miss Wylie. You were right about Lady Sophia; She is a de- testable old hag, and I shouldn't wish to have her for a mother-in-law myself. However, if you can see your way at all, and if it is a question of money, let me know. I'll do what l can for you within ordinary limits ; but, I still think you had better try to fall in love with some- body else. I'm off to Norway to flsh. Very glad to see you, if you care to come over; Yours affectionately, W. '. : This rather heartless missive met with no responso ; nor did any of the other men to whom Lord Warrender had hastily telegraphed an offer of hospitality see fit to avail themselves of it. But tliat did not distress him particularly ; for he was. a man to whom sport was all sufficient. At any rate, he had hitherto found it so.; and that he did not find it so now was a circumstance which gave him matter for grave reflection. To play a gigantic salmon for two hours, to loose him in the very moment of victory and to feel that so frightful a calamity leaves you perfectly cool, calm and indifferent, is, as every fisherman will admit, a sign of mental derangement which demands careful looking into. Lord Warrender had not been a week in Norway when he passed through this strange experience; and, as self-deception was not among his capacities, he very soon found out what was wrong with him. There was no doubt about it, he was in love with Con- stance Wylie, the girl of his brother's heart — the girl who, as he could not but guess, would easily be induced to marry him under pressure of maternal solici tude. Does such a situation present any real difficulty ? and can there be a shadow of a doubt as to what was Lord Warrender's duty under the circumstances ? Of course, to us dispassionate outsiders there can be none. We should scorn to be accepted for the sake of our rank or our wealth, (if we had these advantages) ; we should con- sider ourselves bound to give way to our younger brother (if we possessed such an incumbrance), and to remain resolutely in the background, at least, until his fate should be decided. Nevertheless, it is probable. that were we to find ourselves in Lord Warrender's position, 'advoeatus diaboli' would bo able to meet us with' very plausible representations. There was nothing to. prove that Miss Wylie was in love with Claud Warrender; there were excellent reasons for believing would be happy as the wife of his elder brother and some for doubting whether she would be happy as the wife of a man whose character was not re- markable for steadiness or solidity. iVnd then came the final overwhelming argu- ment : ' I never was really in love before in my life. I never shall love any other woman as I love her. Hang it all ! haven't I the right to fight my own battle! And is it my fault if Claud and I don' t take the field upon exactly even terms ?' But one of the great benefits of a healthy, open air existence is that it keeps a man sane in body , and mind; Lord Warrender fought the devil for three weeks in those Norwegian solitudes, and worsted him. At the end of the struggle he was not certain that he would not be morally justified in giving his brother due notice and then entering into competition with him ; but he was quite certain that he could not adopt that course. "There are somethings that a fellow can't do, don't you know ?" was his mental sum- ming up of the question Having made up his mind, he became easier. He had a lingering hope, to which he was fairly entitled ; but he was fully determined to keep his promise to Claud.' Should the latter's marriage prove to be contingent upon an increase of income, an increase of income should be forth- coming. More than that he could hardly do or say; and more, it might be as- sumed, would not be expected from, him. Apparently, not even so much as that was expected of him. He spent the summer and autumn in the usual fashion, shooting grouse in Yorkshire, stalking in Scotland, distinguishing himsolf among the pheasants in Norfolk; and finally taking up his quarters at Melton and , settling down to the serious business of hunting for the winter. During all this time he heard nothing of Lady Sophia and. her daughter, and only received one commu- ication from his brother, who was a poor correspondent. Claud wrote in November to decline an invitation to join a shooting party, and merely made a passing allusion to his amatory troubles.' . All that he said upon this subject was contained in a single brief paragraph at the end of his letter: 'I haven't. taken your good advice and transferred my affections, though there isn the ghost of a hope tor me so long as old Lady Sophia lives — and, like ;Auld Robin Gray's wife, she's ' no like to dee.' I met them at a country house last week. People tell me she had set her heart on catching you last season, and was. awfully sold when you bolted off to Norway in such a hurry. I dare say ' you've forgotten all about last season, 'tliough.' ' Lord Warrender had forgotten nothing. He tossed the letter aside with an I'm- patient exclamation. . "I think Claud ought to do one thing or the other,' he muttered. It would be rather hard if, after all, some third person should step in and quietly bear away the prize. However, he had resolved in his dogged, phlegmatic way that he would not inter- vene until he could do so with a clear conscience. So, he went on with his hunting, and enjoyed hjmself after a fashion; and the winter passed away and -the spring came, bringing an end to hunting and nothing for an occupation- less sportsman to do but to adjourn to the metropolis. Lord Warrender hated London, and it has already been said that he hated balls; yet, in this particular year, he removed himself and his belong- ings to the family mansion in Port- land Place, in a corner of which he dwelt, with a certain alacrity; and the very first invitation to a ball which he re- ceived he accepted He had a distinct and perfectly, legiti- mate hope in his mind when he did so. Honor did not compel him to avoid all occasions of seeing Miss Wylie ; and his fate decreed that before he had been five minutes in the ball-room he should be accosted by Lady Sophia. The frank cordiality of her greeting took him by surprise. He had not expected a very kindly reception at her hands after his behaviour of the preceding season ; but it seemed that he had done her an injustice. " So we meet again at last, Lord War- render !'' she exclaimed, while she held his hand. ' And where have you been hiding yourself all this long time ? Come, and give me an account of your pro- ceedings." Lord Warrender obeyed, wonderingly. 'And you? " he asked, when he had con- cluded a succinct recital, ' where have you been, and what have you been doing? And — er — how is Miss Wylie ?" He was unable to put his last question with all the cheerful indifference which he had intended to throw into his voice. It was the only one of the three which Lady Sophia thought it necessary to . answer. "As well as possible, thanks,', she said, 'There she is. Don't you think she looks well?" Constance floated past them at the moment. She was laughing at some thing that her partner was saying to her ; she was more beautiful than ever, if that could be; she seemed to be in high spirits and had apparently not a care in the world. Yes,' answered Lord Warrender, with a smothered sigh ; 'she looks very well." Lady Sophia's countenance assumed an expression of innocent maternal pride. Her eyes followed her daughter for a few moments and then said softly. ; 