AOTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. Dor Minister gib a barty, I doll you, it coalit us dear ; Dey rolled in moro ash sefen kecks Of foost-rato lager beor. Und venofer doy knocks der slipioket in Der Min'ters gifs a cheer, 1 dinks dat so vino a barty Nefor coona to a lxet this year. — Hakb Breitmann— revised 6 ..,..,. . It' is a crushing commentary on the boasted Christianity of our leading men to say that while the Maori and most other savages of the South Sea Islands never dream of commencing any public undertaking -without first sacrificing to their stringy.-bark gods, and holding religious services after their kind, wo, the enlightened men of the 19th oentury, can devise no better way of starting our important enterprises, except by going in for what is popularly known as ' a good old drunk.' 13 it proposed to ' christen' a new bridge over the 2ffc puddle known as Jackass Creek ? Then, the first thing to be done is to ignore the fact; that the word ' ' christen' means to make a follower of Christ, and the next move is to order that a bullock bo roasted whole, and a brewery full of beer uncorked in order that the affair may be celebrated with becoming eclat. Is it desirable that a commission of philanthropists be formed to inquire into the wants of our starv ing poor ? Then, the correct way to set to work is to charter a steam launoh to carry the charitable gentleman on a picnic trip round our lovely harbour, and to instruct our boss caterer to see that tbe milk of human kindness with which these benevolent parties overflow is not allowed to turn sour for want of the most tasty viands and the choicest brands of grog that can be pro cured — at the public expense, of course. 'We began badly, however, for Roderick Flanagan's valuable history and other old records show that when Governor Phillip hoisted the English flag, and took possession of the colony in '88, no re ligious service whatever was held, but the oc casion was marked by a throe days' drunken saturnalia. Solomon advised us to go to the ant for wisdom. Were he alive to-day ho would tell us to go to the savage for religion. Why I think of this just now is simply because I have just had a poep at fhe ' small account ' which we, the people, have had to stump up for that splendid picnic, by land and water, which Mr. ex-Minister Lyno tendered to the members of what has been most sarcastically called the 'Water' Conservation Commission. While the generous host was about it he might have also hired a fleet of balloons to sail through the air, and a peal of diving bella, well stocked with whisky, to keep out the cold, so that the commission could have had a little novelty in the way of excursions, and then (for all the good they did) he might have perched the lot over a powder mill and blown them all over to the everlasting Jingo. The Hawkosbury river wa3 the spot selected for this feBtivo gathering, and some idea of how the battle raged may be gueasod from the fact that the little bill for food, drinks, and attendance, came to the modest sum of £249 14-3. TI12 eatables comprised everything, from roast turkey down to tinned sardines (which were used aa thirst pro volrers), and the only fluid missing from the , drinkables was pure, undiluted water. Why this was omitted from the bill of fare of a Water Con servation shivoo I cannot say. Possibly — like the poor Ophelia — the Commissioners had had ' too much of water,' or perhaps Mr. Lyne had been fired to give the entertainment by Longfellow's spirited lines : ' Lives of croat men all roiniud us ' Wo oau have a sproo sublimo, And, departing, leave bohind us, Bottles on tho sand of Time.' The '.bus and coach account for carting the revel lers to and from the seat of war totalled £35 10a, and then (alas ! for the fleeting gloriea of puny man) a disgustingly offlciouo constable hauled the drivers of the caravens up, and had them fined ?eE3 10s for travelling after dark without tho neces sary coach illuminations. Had it been .£3000 1 0s, however, it would have boon all the same to tho Jovial Jehus, for tho public, as usual, had to 'stand Sam' for the whole rackot. They say that a fool and his money soon parts company ; but it would appear that a Minister and other people's money separates just as quickly. As a rule those ' commission ' effect about as much good as a liver pad would on the back of one of the mummied Pharaohs. A select company of persons who know nothing about the business is engaged to examine witnesses who know still leas, and the result is satisfactory to only those who draw princely pay for their useless services. A good stoiy is told of a Fishery Commission which was once held on the west coast of Ireland. A report had been circulated that the greater the amount of evidence a witness could give, and the more favourable it; was to the fishing trade, the greater would be the amount of his pay. Hearing this, one Mr. Patrick O'Toole stepped on the stand determined to toll all be knew of the matter and, if necessary, a great deal more that ho didn't. One of the first questions put was, ' Are there any whales on this coast ? ' ' Whales ! ' ex claimed Pat, ' faix an' ye can see thim by th' dozens, shpoutin' away loike wathur engines all over th' place. Shure there was wan day here an' Bryan McFadden's cousin, by his mother's side, ran away from th' town, an' shwore that a second Delooge was cemin'.' This was duly recorded, and a second commissioner gravely asked if there were any dogfish about. ' Oh, begorra ! ' replied the willing witness, ' Qi'm glad ye mentioned dogfish, for it's an everlastin' noosance thim same are entoirely. Why there's noights an' noights here an' ye can't git a wink o' shlape fur th' way thim divils do be barkin'.' All this was carefully taken down, and then tho venerable fossil in the chair observed, ' What about flying fish ? Are they common on the coast also ?' ' Is it floyin' fish that ye'd bo talkin' about ?' shouted Patsy ; ' whoy, bad cess t' th' crayturs ! av we didn't put the shutters up iviry noight there wouldn't be a whole pane av glass left in the' house fur th' way th' varmints id be batein' agin th' windies. Shure th' lovely picthur windies in th' church is rooined entoirely wid 'em, an owld Pethor Mulcahy, th' painter an' glazier beyant there, didn't he make a fortin' by reparin th' damages done by th' dhurfcy mis chavioug blaggards.' That commission closed to the satisfaction of all concerned, barring the disgusted Mr. O'Toole, who being asked next day what sum he received for his trouble, indignantly replied, ' Fifteen pincc only — sorra a far thin morG — an', bad cess t' thim bald-headed hay thins, shure didn't Oi shware t' iviry mortyul thing they axed me !' Ex uno clisce omnes. By one State Commission we may safely judge the lot. Pity the sorrows of the poor old men of the Legislative Council. Wot only have they been driven feet foremost through the floor by the sledge-hammer denouncement of Demoathenes Dan, but Sir 'Enry has loosened his elophantine wit, and trampled them as flat as so many ancient eggs that have jusfc been tramca-rred. Dan certainly had just cause for dancing the ' Eocky Eoad to Dublin' on those fossilized relics of the Old Eed Sandstone Period, because they threw out his Corporation Act Amendment Bill, which simply means that out of 27,000 electors who have a just right to vote, no less that 26,300 are disfranchised in the mosb dis graceful manner possible. The time has now arrived for the public to rise up and demand an elective Upper House 3 for although one or two of the present members arc really useful, intelligent men, still the majority of them have been virtually dead for the last 50 years, and they haven't sense enough to comprehend the fact. Funny Mr. Parkes, however, not only showed bad taste in poking his borrowed jokes at the poor old dod derils, but his sarcasm returned, boomerang fashion, and did more damage to his own lioaiy ' cobbora' than it did to theirs. Admitting that our Old Men of the L. C. are the worse than useless muddlers that Sir 'Enry's fertile fancy painted them, the question is, who placed them in a position to blast the country by their crass stupidity, and the answer is that no one is to blame more than the Premier himself ; for the majority of them have been pitchforked into their present positions by him alone, and for reasons which are best known to himself and that wonderful triumph of the india-rubber trade which he is pleased to call his conscience. Out of the choice aosortraent of Councillors which Sir 'Enry has heaved upstairs no more than four of them have enough brains to entitle them to even play the skull ?n Hamlet, and yet he has the unblushing audacity to stand up and actually denounce the creatures of his own making. This is 'what even a Solomon Island nigger would scorn to do ; for when he makes a wooden, bullet-head god, .and sticks it on wheels, he sweai'3 that it is the grandest little idol that was ever chipped, and no matter what the effigy may do he will stand up and fight for it aa long as two chunks of it hold together. For shame, Sir 'Enry ! Grey hairs are honourable — at least', so I'm told — but I've seen some whitewashed polls that might be placed in a glasa cane as a complete refutation of tho statement. Talking of Sir 'Enry reminds me that in 1881 ho rose, full of poultry, peppermint, and pride at a certain ' spontaneous ' banquet, and said : — ' Suppose that God, in His mercy, may vouoh safe that I may live in health and strength for another ten years, I would not give that ten years for the historical glory of the first Napoleon.' Six-and-a-half years of that time are already up, and yet I frincy the great little Frenchman is as far ahead of our G.O.M. as ever ; for, all the his torical glory that clings to Sir 'Enry to- day is that derived from the facts that he shoe the Kiama Ghost with a bow and arrow, and that he is the firstPremier on record who, in the presence of a full House, deliberately insulted the Speaker of his own appointing by declaring he was indignant at the said Speaker's ruling. Even that flippant, gay-hearted dog, Mr. Undertaker Melville, was disgusted with the latter business, and drew at tention to it. The Speaker, however, turned his other cheek for a skelp by replying that he 'did not regard the words in an offensive sense,' upon which Ninny drove another nail into the egg merchant's political coffin by meekly remarking — ' Of course, sir, you are the custodian of your own dignity.' If that's the case, 1 can only add that Mr. Speaker holds the greatest sinecure of an office this side of the equinoctial line. With streets, .which in wet weather are as sloppy aa those of Venice, and in dry weather smell worse than a ragmill on fire and can beat tho great desert of Sahara for sand ; with thousands of honest, willing workers forced to stand idle while their children starve ; with scores of other unfortunates — made after God's own imag-e and likeness— compelled to sleep like hunted wild beasts under rocks less hard than the hearts of some of their fellow-men— with all these and divers other disgraces on our civiliza tion staring them in tho face, our sapient City Fathers could find nothing better to do with ,£1000 than to light up the Town Hall with penny dips, and buy ' hungers ' and ' squibs ' to fire off in honour of the fact that a well-fodand better-fattened old lady, who resides somewhere near the North Pole, has lived long enough to draw ,£30,968; 250 sterling out of the public purso, and do as little as anyone possibly could for tho money. Douglas Toung, however, wanted to know you know how often the gay and festive City Fathers intended to celebrate the Jubilee. Last yeai-, when the very much other Young was Ma-yor, a sort oi dog- and-monkoy circus, with a, burlesque on the Noah's Ark procession for a side show thrown in, was held at the ratepayers' ex pense, and now tLe racket waa to be started all over again. He thought it would save time, and be acting more honourably to their constituents too, if the aldermen decided to spend all the pub lic money they could grab on one eternal Jubilee which would last till tho day of judgment, and if they were not satisfied then, the Mayor could in terview the authorities and order them to keep the show open for another fortnight. Aldermen M. and J. Harris, Hart, Playfair, and a couple of others then got their backs up and bucked until the sum was lowered to *£250, and even this expenditure is to be protested against in the Supreme Court by Alderman J. D. Young. The ratepayers would do well to keep their eyes on the nice smug clique who voted for this shameful squandering of their money, and who would, if necessary, sell the beds from under the poor in order to enable them to pose as so-called loyal subjects, and secure a title which is now looked upon by every honest man at least as a laughing stock, if not an atrocious insult. One of the most puzzled men in this city to-day is a certain Brickfield-hill grocer, and all his trouble is caused by not knowing what is the proper title to bestow on what used to be called the ' softer,' but is now more correctly termed the c ' costlier' sex. Having got the idea into his noddle that democracy was gaining ground, thi3 prudent old sugar-sander recently remarked to one of his counter skippers — 'James, you mustn't say ' lady ' to the women customers any more ; they don't like it.' 'All right, sir,' replied James ; and presently in came old Mrs. Wizz9n phiz and said, ' Here I want four red herrin's, an' a bar o' soap.' ' Yes, woman,' chirruped James briskly — ' scented soap, or plain, mum ? ' ' Don't you woman me, you spike-nosed, web-footed, pimple-headed, ourang-outang,' screamed Mrs. W., ' I'm a lady, and don't you forget it, and yoti can keep your soap too, for it's like yourself — no good.' And then she flounced out of the shop, hauling over a stack of candle boxes and a whole battery of bicuit tins with her skirts as she left, while James called upon tho Bodalla cheese find treacle tub to fall down and hide him from the general slaughter. What mystified the o-roceryman worse than over was the fact that he read a letter in the D. T. next day fro Qi an ' Australian Matron, ' who loudly shrieked against the impropriety of Lady Carrington alluding to the signers of her Jubilee address as ' the women and children of N.S.W.' Like old Mrs. Wizzenphiz, this 'Aus- tralian Matron' declared she was a lady, and no doubt so were hor father and mother before her, and with true ilunkeyism she objected to being introduced to her lady Queen a3 a common vulgah ' woman.' I remember hearing of a somewhat Bimilar trouble which settled on a select circle of sweet girl geniuses who had got the notion into their dear little topknots that they were so many petticoated Raphaels and Murrillos, and who used to daub their hands and 'pinnies' 77 times a day endeavouring to paint what they usod to call ' Eenaissancc Recreations,' and which generally looked like representations of a lot of lunatic asylum inmates dancing on hot ashes, while a few trees in the background held a flock of crows afflicted with tho blind staggers. The difficulty with these pretty painters was to choose a title for their society which would at once declare the ob ject of it. and the sex of the members. The #cGirl Guidos,' ' The Pearls of the Pallet,' and such like sweetly pretty names were suggested, but it was at last decided to leave the choice to the Mayor of the town, a retired potato merchant who had offered a ,£10 subscription to set the thing afloat. A deputation of a dozen of the most be witching young daubers accordingly waited on him, and after explaining their trouble the old duffer sent them all into kicking fits by blunder ing out—' Well, girls, my hopinyin is that you cotildn't do no better than call yerselves the ' She Painters of Pnddletown.' ' Of course the ' Sassiety' went bung the next day. And yet this is the sex that Dan O'Connor wants our Premiers, and Lord Mayors, and Lord Bishops, and Policemen to be made out of for the future ! Pooh ! Dan ! v/e are educating ' our girls' off their feet aa it is, and you are losing sight of tho fact that the less our wives know about drawinc up Parliamentary bills the more they'll know about drawing the baby out of the cradle, and the pudding out of tho pot ; two accomplishments which benefit the world quite as much as any of your Parliamentary proceedings. Therefore, swap your Anacreon and Tom Moore for a Juvenal, before you bring in your new Bill, and there read the great master's words — ' Ob, never may the partner of my bed With politics or logic stuff hor head ; Enough for me ifjcoinmon things she know, And boasts tho littlo learning schools bestow.' 