JTHE -PRIEST'S OVERCOAT.-? V/ " Hurry ou, thin,! Molly,. astliorc, or his river- ence will be gone,; and we can't get buckled this day," said Paddy Raffertytoabuxoiri, rosy checked girl, trudging esirle him. : v ; . ' 1 j! i; "Shure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tcnpince we have got, and he'll never inarry us under the pounn. , mi i - , I'Wcll, agra, we'll give him tho chance anyway; and shure enough here we are at the chapel. _ They entered, the man Poking sheepish, and twirling his hat nervously, whilst the girl; how that the decisive moment had arrive.!, walk with a free, firm step into the faoiisty. . , ,.q Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. "Hallo, Molly, what do you want! Paddy, my boy, it's . hot thinking' of marrying you are ?" he shouted in stentorian tones. ... He was a burly' man, red-faced and corpulent. " Sure, then, it is just that, and nothing else. Would ypu. believe it, your' riverence, I have come here to get tied to Molly!" , V" Hum— hum— have you the money?" f ' Well, father, you sce, I could only scrape to gether, sine aud tinpeuce. We're poor fo'ks, yer Honor, .sir ; so perhaps you'll do it for that." . " My fee is a pound, Paddy Rafferty ; ivell you know.it,) you ruffian. Not a penny, less.". . ." Oh, thin, father," here put iii Mblly,. piain- tively, "I pawned my only other gown for, . three shillings, and .soria a stitch l.have, nor Paddy Hither except what we have got on us.' Shuie you' wont be to hard on. us." , . - . ... V Borrow itfromEome of your neighbors, t will not perform the ceremony for a'peniiylbss; '1 here; now, don't cry, there's a good girl., I'll giveyoii al quarter of an hour to' raise the money ; so be off with you." He seated himselfin a comfortablc'chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deep, in prayer. After al out 20 hiihiites tlio pair returned with ra- djiant faces. ' j " '. 1 " Here,. father, is. the balance,' cried Molly, as she triumphantly, produced, id bright 'half-sovereign and two dirty coppers. mX1i« pricststniled benignly. . j;i ;>' ' ; ' i "(Well,' well, my childi en, lam very pleased ..in deed 'to be the. -instrument, under Providence, of uniting ' you in holy matrimony.!' - . . , He went through tlie ceremony, and .when.it was over, Molly approached him timidly, fingering some what nervously. , _ . ' " Am Imari ied fastand certain now, father ? she asked, anxiously. " As fastas Holy Church can tie you, my child. Even I could not undo what I, have done. You're Paddy Ratl'erfy's wife until death," he answeicd, benevolently patting her black hair. "You're shure, father?" she demanded again " Certain. I'll swear it if you like," jocosely. "I wish' you joy; mychi dreii ; an< now I'll go." "Stopabit; I have fometbing for yen. Weare married safe now, anyway, and here's tlie tiektt for yer honor." The ghost of a smite cur'cd Molly's full lips; and her' black eyes twinkled mischievously as she 'han ded him the paper she had been fiddling with. " What the — what is the meaning of this ?" asked Father Doherty sternly. He turned to Kaffeity for an explanation. " Shure, then, father; — would you believe it? — but Mol'y here took your honor's overcoat, and brought it down to.ould Byrne, the pawnbroker round the 'corner; : and, bo me sowl, slio.poppcd it for . tin aud tu pence, and ahurc there's the ticket for yer riverchce, 'and ye can get the coat 1 out when yon pays the money. 