literature. THE AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES. Looking at the result achieved we may regard as very fortunate the trifling incident which induced Mr. E. M. Curr to enter upon those linguistic and ethnological inquiries preceding and leading up to the production of the present work, the publication of which has been liberally undertaken by the Victorian Government. Its author tells us that in 1873, being in conversation with a blackfellow of the Swan-hill neighbourhood, he was surprised to meet with a word used by the Ngooraialum tribe, whose country was a hundred and fifty miles away on the Goulburn, as he was aware that this word was not found in the language of the Bangerang, who occupy-or did lately-a portion of the intervening country." Sur- prised by this circumstance, Mr. Curr began collecting a number of short vocabularies of words in use among the tribes surrounding those of the Bangerang septs; and thus learned that the former spoke languages related to each other and yet differing materially from the dialect of the latter. This gave a new direction to his thoughts and a wider range to his investigations. Eventually, the latter fascinated him by the interest they inspired and the conclusions to which they appeared to point; and he was led to place himself in communication with the several colonial Governments, and with squatters and others in all parts of the Aus- tralian continent, and has thus accumulated a mass of information, in the collection of which Mr. Curr must have been sustained by a sentiment bordering on enthusiasm. In endeavouring to give our readers a general idea of the scope, character, and value of Mr. Curr's work, which embodies the fruits of the labour of something like 14 years, we will commence with the ethnology of the Australian race. The theory of an "Aus- traloid family," which met with so much favour in the eyes of Pickering, Logan, and Latham, and which assumed the common origin of our aborigines, of the Dravidians. and of other southern Indians, has we believe been generally relinquished. Mr. Brough Smyth seems to lean to the opinion that this continent was peopled from the Malay Peninsula; and other writers, as, for example, M. Journet, have accepted his con- clusions Mr. Curr, on the other hand contends that 'the Australian is by descent a negro crossed by some other race; and that his customs, language and in some cases his superstitions agree in a marked manner with those of Negro Africa,' while at the same time, it is admitted that his physical characteristics differ from those of the negro in some important particulars. But inasmuch as the inquiries instituted by the writer of this book have shown him that " the present customs and languages of Australia resemble more those which used to prevail in Africa in past ages than those at present existing in the latter continent," Mr. Curr explains the discrepancy by the superior progressiveness of the parent race in their own home, and by the relative stagnation of their descendants in Australia. He is of opinion that all the tribes of Australia are descended from one source—probably, indeed, from one shipload or canoeful of persons who originally found their way to these shores. The points of resemblance between the African negroes and the indigenous inhabitants of Australia are set forth in detail in the sixth chapter of the first volume, and we can do no more than make this passing reference to them, as also to his hypothesis with respect to the methods by which the cross may have been effected. This he believes most have taken place " be fore the descendants of the first arrivals had broken into separate and independent tribes, because it has affected equally every section of the race throughout the continent" He considers, moreover, that neither Australia nor Tasmania received any second influx of population up to the date of our own colonisation. Mr. Curr places the first land- ing of the Africans on the north-west coast, many ages back, from whence their descen- dants spread themselves over the continent; following the coast-line in the first instance, and completely occupying that portion of it which lies between Streaky Bay and Lacepede Bay. But, he says the migratory movement was longitudinal and not transverse. With respect to the period at which this continent was thus peopled, Mr. Curr is disposed to assign a vast antiquity to the original occupa- tion of Australia; while, "owing to the re- markable isolation to which the race has been subjected, it has preserved more of the customs, linguistic peculiarities and ways of thought of the black races of antiquity than any other people now existing on the globe," Hence, he adds, "if we would realise what the earliest black savages were like, we must study the Australian before he passes away." And to enable us to do this, Mr. Curr has amassed the amplest materials, with a patience, a seal, and an assiduity which do him the greatest credit. We next come to the question of language which is an all important one as determining the unity of race It was pointed out by Mr. A. H. Keane some years ago, in his philo- logical and ethnological appendix to Mr. Wallace's Australasia that "the Australian languages seem to be all cast in one uniform model and that the general opinion now is that they have all a common origin for he remarks, they are all agglutinating, and are characterised especially by their simple phonetics, rejecting all the sibilants, but not the aspirates, as is often asserted; by a pref- ference for suffixes, by the absence of relative pronouns and generally of the article and gender by the accent falling usually on the penultimate, by dual forms, by plurality ex- pressed by numerals and other words pre- fixed and occassionally modifying the root, by regular conjugation, extensive use of onomatopoetic terms and the custom of tabooing words much after the fashion of the Maori people." By an independent course of inquiry, Mr. Curr has also arrived at the conclusion that the Australian languages are offshoots of one original tongue, and he has translated 124 English words into more than 250 of the former, for the purpose of sustaining that conclusion. Incidentally he mentions one very striking fact, vouched for by several of his correspon- dents, namely, that a " black boy, taken from his native country and introduced to a tribe one hundred or one thousand miles away, though he is quite unable in the first instance to converse with his new friends, invariably begins to speak their language at the end of a few weeks, and at the termination of a year converses in it with every appearance of fluency." But this is never the case with respect to their acquisition of English. Mr. Curr roughly estimates the number of lan guages—or shall we say dialects ?—spoken on this continent at 500, and he describes them, in the main, as soft, vocalic, and melodious, the vowels a, e, i, and o having the same value as in Italian; the double o being equivalent to the Italian u,- while the u is pronounced as in the English word " fun the sound of our t in "light" being expressed by ai. We are also reminded that " the Aus- tralian tongues are rich in substantives," " other than those indicative of gender and number; and that they possess some useful grammatical inflexions of verbs and pro- nouns which are wanting, for instance, in some of the Aryan languages." The most interesting chapters in the book under review are those relating to the man- ners and customs of the aboriginal race. After describing their physical characteristics Mr. Curr proceeds to speak of the carriage of the Australian as " erect and graceful, and his movements as light and easy. He is never awkward, and generally free from those disproportions of the person which are so prevalent amongst civilised nations. He is capable of bearing great privations; his senses of hearing, taste, smell, and sight are exceedingly acute; he will recover from wounds which would prove fatal to Euro- peans; he is remarkably agile and a fearless rider; and especially in his wild state is quicker in the action of his mind, more ob- servant, and more self-reliant than the Eng- lish peasant, but less steady, persevering, and calculating. His mind in many respects is that of a child. As for his Christianity," observes Mr. Curr, "it seems to me to begin and end with singing psalms. In his social relations the blackfellow is polite, gay, fond of laughter, and has much bonhomie in his composition. On the other hand, he knows little of principle, honour, or morality. It costs him little pain to lie. Under some cir- cumstances he is treacherous, and in the nor- thern portion of the continent especially holds human life very cheap." The natives appear to have no knowledge of a Supreme Being, and nothing resembling worship, prayer, or sacrifice has been discovered among them. Yet they believe in an after life, and in the soul, or spirit, surviving the dissolution of the body. They entertain a great dread of sorcerers and sorcery, and many of their superstitions on the subject of sorcery are almost identical with those which prevailed in Scotland in the 17th century. It is well known that the first white men seen in Aus- tralia were supposed to be deceased black fellows, who had returned to the earth again; Mr. Curr mentions the current fact that, "in some aboriginal languages, 'white men' and 'ghosts' are expressed by the same term." The statements of Mr Brough Smyth and of Mr. James Dawson, that the aboriginal tribes have chiefs and hold councils, are strenuously denied by Mr. Curr. From inquiries which he has instituted among about a hundred tribes, he feels justified in asserting that no such a thing as a government—that is to say, no habitual exercise of authority by one, or a few persons, over a community or body of persons—exists among the native races of this continent There are tribes, and asso- ciated tribes, but no chieftainship. With respect to the much-vexed question of the marriage laws and customs of the aborigines, Mr. Carr tells us that the male is forbidden to marry until he has passed through the ordeals of hunger, exposure, and mutilations, which are held to qualify him for a virile status, while the female is eligible for marriage at eight yean of age, and is usually mated before she is fourteen. During her celibacy she is the property of her father, or of his heir. - After marriage she becomes, not the relative, but the property of her hus- band. When he dies his widows—for " poly gamy is nearly general in the tribes of Aus- tralia" — devolve on his oldest surviving brother. The Australian system of class marriage is thus explained " First.—Every male and female of a tribe in which it prevails belongs to a class which is determine by parentage. " Secondly.—Marriage within the class is prohibited, and sometimes, in neighbouring tribes, certain classes, though differently named are held to correspond. " Thirdly.—Marriage is only allowable be- tween certain prescribed classes, so that a man cannot marry a woman merely on the ground that she belongs to a different class from his. Fourthly.—Children belong to a class which is not that of either parent, but which re- edits, nevertheless, from parentage." The status of the wife is little better than that of a beast of burden; and the husband, instead of being the guardian of her virtue, is frequently the ponderer to her dishonour. Even when she happens to be the victim of a criminal assault by a stranger, the punish- ment falls upon herself and not upon the malefactor; and yet adds Mr. Curr,' I do not hesitate to say that they—the Australian women- are, on the whole, fairly happy, merry and contented' Truly their content- ment must rest upon an infinatismally small basis The practice of infanticide appears to have been almost universal among the blacks. In general the average number of children in a family of six. Of these two boys and a girl was reared, and the others were de- stroyed immediately after birth, strangula- tion being the method usually employed. The chief motives for this wholesale mnrder seem to have been the difficulty of transport- ing young children from place to place and apprehensions of a scarcity of food. It is a noticeable fact, as Mr. Curr points out, that during the many thousands of years which may be presumed to have elapsed since the coloured race first settled on this island continent they never attempted the most rudimentary forms of husbandry. Across Torres Straits we find the Papuans cultivating a variety of articles of vegetable food, domesticating pigs and poultry, and fabricating pottery and wooden ware, while the Austialian aboriginal is content to vegetate in a condition of primitive barbarism. " He is a hunter and digger of wild roots—one who lives on the spontaneous products of nature. He will fish, hunt, trap, dig up roots which are ready for food, grind gross seeds into flour but sow or plant he will not." He appears to be almost in capable of forethought, and devoid of the slightest wish to raise himself above the brutish level of his forefathers for countless generations past Mr. Curr attributes this to their isolation, and to the fact that for a long period after their arrival the country "must have supplied them with abundance of food ready to their hands, whilst it had not an animal or a plant worth domestica- tion or cultivation, or with which they could have had any previous acquaintance." Their indisposition to tillage of any kind was cer- tainly not due to any want of intelligence or to indolence; for the ingenuity and activity they have been accustomed to display in cap- turing emus, kangaroos, and opossums, and in obtaining birds, fish, reptiles, and eggs, as well as in the manufacture and employ- ment of spears, boomerangs, and other weapons, effectually establish their claims to sagacity, inventiveness, and pertinacity. Not only so, but they appear to have dis- covered every product of the earth and water which could possibly be made use of as an article of food. Moreover, the author of this work mentions the singular fact that "cer- tain vegetables on "which whole tribes chiefly live are, in their raw state, or when simply roasted on the fire, absolutely poisonous; and the system of treatment by which their bad qualities are got rid of are of so intri- cate a character that Dr. Leichhardt, a scien- tific explorer, who saw in the deserted camps the articles in question in every stage of their preparation, was, as he mentions, unable, even with these hints before him, to master the process, and obtain food from this source for his almost starving party." What mys- terious instinct has guided and instructed the Australian aborigines to elaborate wholesome food from poisonous substances? Is it not akin to that which impels the horse to avoid and the goat to select the common water hemlock, while the goat rejects and the horse accepts the aconite or wolf's bane; which induces the deer and the round-horned elk to feed upon the foliage of the broad-leaved Kalmia, which is poisonous to sheep, to horned cattle, to horses, and to man ? And was it by accident or by instinct that the blacks of this continent discovered that certain trees, growing in some of the most arid districts of Australia, contain water in their lateral roots, by grubbing up which, and knowing how to manage them, a pint or two of pure, cool, and tasteless water may be readily obtained ? That the aborigines were originally a very warlike race is pretty well known. Nor is it to be wondered at when we learn that" the Australian black, without exception,nurtures, one might almost say, from the cradle to the grave, an intense hatred of every male at least of his race, who is a stranger to him. The reason they themselves assign for what I must term this diabolical feeling is, that all strangers are in league to take their lives by sorcery. The result of this belief is that, whenever they can, the blacks in their wild state never neglect to massacre all male strangers who fall into their power." The universality of this belief in witchcraft is one of the most astounding things connected with it The Koussa Kaffirs, the tribes of the Amazons, the Bechuanas, the Abipones, the Maories, the Dacotahs, the Fijians, and the Hudson's Bay Indians are just as firmly convinced as the aboriginal inhabitants of this continent that death is not, in general, a natural event but is the result of an act or acts of sorcery, performed by some secret enemy, who must be sought out and de- stroyed. And this belief in the power of wizards and witches to take away life still lingers among the rural population of Great Britain andFrance. Totem worship or reverence is another universal practice to which Australian aborigines conform, In Asia, Africa, and the two Americas, it would seem to involve, on the part of those who indulge in it, a recognition of their animal ancestry. Thus, the Osages, as Schoolcraft tells us, believe themselves to be descended from a beaver, and entertain such a veneration for it that they will not kill one; the Iroquois derive their origin from a turtle, 'the Lenapis from a bear, and the Delaware from a wolf; and these animals are consequently their respec- tive totems; but while it seems that the Bimurraburra tribe on the Nogoa River have the opossum, the scrub turkey, the dog, emu, kangaroo, eaglehawk and native bee as their totems, it is not at all clear that these blacks regard themselves as sprang from all or either. Mr. Curr has been fortunate in his corre- spondents, most of whom have made valu- able contributions to the widely-gathered store of information contained in these volumes; while come of them have supplied whole chapters full of interesting facts. Such is the account of the Barhkunjy tribe, furnished by Mr.G.N.Teulon of Bourke on the Darling; that of the Pegulloberra tribe, in the country watered by the Cape River and the two re- prints of pamphlets by Mr.S.Gason, relating to the Dieyerie tribe, inhabititing the district lying between Mount Freeling and Perigundi Lake, in South Adelaide; and by the late Rev. George Taplin, concerning tbe 18 clans of the Narrinyerri tribe, in the south-eastern corner of the last-named colony. Mr. Teuton's information differs in one or two important particulars from that derived from other sources. He states, for example, that the Bahkunjy natives "believe in one God (Wahtta-moorinya), the ample-handed maker and preserver of all things, but have neither knowledge nor desire for knowledge of him." Others believe also in an evil spirit, named Boorree, who sweeps away the race, nobody knows whither. They likewise hold that the spirits of the departed walk the earth after nightfall, and that their ghostly voices are to be heard in the whispering of the leaves. They employ rainmakers—but these are in common use; and they bury their dead in sandhills, instead of placing them on a raised stage. In Mr. Gason's pamphlet some curious particulars are given of the funeral rites and cannibalism of the Dieyerie tribe. When a man, woman, or child dies, and the body has been placed in the grave, all the fat adhering to the muscles of the face, thighs, arms, and stomach, is cut off and passed round to be swallowed; and the order in which dead relatives are partaken of is described to be this The mother eats of her children; the children eat of their mother; brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law eat of each other; uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, grandchildren, grand fathers, and grandmothers eat of each other; but the father does not eat of his offspring, or the offspring of the sire." We have thus endeavoured to give our readers a general idea of a work upon the preparation of which Mr. Curr must have bestowed an immense amount of labour and pains; and although it contains some state- ments and criticisms which are pretty sure to give rise to controversy, we are sure these volumes, and the atlas which accompanies them, will receive a hearty welcome from the ethnologists and philologists of Europe and America. 