The Last Kew Thing Beligitas* in The present w emphatically an era of « accommodations," when, on the horizon of some eclectic system, the most unlikely ideas' meet and blend. : Especially baB Christianity of late Bought to put on record its plastic character, in opposition to the rigidity with ' which it used to be credited. Not so long ago & dignitary of the Church gave us a paper on " Christian Agnosticism.".The Rev.fitewart Headiani favor s/Chrietion Socialism; not to mention the very vexed question of the orthodoxy of the ballet, , which he has made so peculiarly his own; while, long before the date of the recent Chnrch Congress at Wolverhampton and Canon Isaac Taylor's apotheosis of Islam, Mr Moncnre D. Conway, in the columnBof this journal, claimed Mahocnmedanism as a legitimate offshoot- of Christianity, and Dr Anna Kingsford, collaborating with Mr Edward Maitland, under the auspices of the Hermetic Society, brings the whole "Light of A6ia," in the shape of Buddhism, to bear on the credo of Christendom. These are a few of those signs of the times, the very- latest of which has now been- chronicled. Hitherto August® Comte, with his. system of jPoeitivism, basappeared to be quite beyond the pale ; but a recent A i( kmli nnaaf " flfiH fflft experiences gained no later than last Sunday in a Christian Positivist Oratory, go to prove that these hitherto wandering sheep are in process of being folded into the comprehensive pastures of the national religion, i - In answer to .my. preliminary dimculty, as to how a system which began by ignoring Deity could possibly be incorporated into a theiBtie faith, I was told by the" priest (to adopt the formula of Herodotus) that there was a Positivism before Comte. " Vixere fortes ante AgamemnonaSt. Simon was Cocite's master, and it was not until the pupil slipped hie leading strings that Humanity took the place of Deity. Shelving the question as to the mutual obligations of St. Simon and Comte one to the other, it iB quite certain that the " Nouveau ChritUanitme" of the former, as its very name imports, is decidedly Christian. This work was translated in 1834 by the Rev. J. E, Smith, M.A.j a clergyman of the Chnrch of England; and so far, at all events, it lives in the odor of orthodoxy, as well 8B of sanctity. But Christian Positivism claims to be Bometbing more than a Tevival of St. gimonianism ; and its Neo-Christianity is something more recent even than Pro feBBOr Seeley's "Natural Religion," from which this term Neo-Cbrietianity has, in fact, been borrowed, though with a difference. The following are one or two of the salient points in the new system which, it appears, was Btarted in a little sky parlor under the shadow of the British Museum nearly sev«-n years ago— namely, at Hallowmas, 1880. It is still working eeottrically, but is just about to put forth teniacles in a more overt fashion Its one distinguishing feature, said my informant, is " proved immortality." Ii claims demonstration, for what he rightl described as the greatest of all questions which the human mind can possibly enter tain—namely, the continuity of continuous conscious existence in a luture state. 1\. On this poiDt it substitutes know ledge for faith. " We d«. not btlit-vt—w know," said my bif. h priest. We alon represent color chi sanno. Our definition is "conviction based on reason able evidence." " Yon are Christian gnostics, then?" "Precisely. That our attitude." " And you base this recon ciliation of faith and reason on thi Scriptures?" " YeB ; but we supplement tbe old litera scripta with such modern works as Professor Drummond's ' Natural Law in tbe Spiritual World, Isaac Taylor's 'Physical Theory of another Life,' the ' Unseen Universe,' and, of course, St. Simon's ' New Christianity," supplemented by 4 Natural Religion' and 4 Ecce Homo. 1 Such 8re typical selections from our list of beBt books." 2\. As to Comte's Law of the Three Stages, according to which truth hae gradually passed through tbe theologicbl and metaphysical forms to land at lost in the Positivist shape, that law is accepted, though the three stages are not looker; upon as utterly distinct and mutually destructive, but the three coexist. Tht/j are like childhood, youth, and manhood, in the individual. They are only ptriodt of growth. It is somewhat difficult to trace the distinction between Comtism and Christian Positivism in this respect, save that the idea of Deity is retained in the New Christianity, and therefore the system remains theological without ccasing-to be Positivist. The Deity, in fact, like tbe after life, is claimed as an object of demonstration rather than of revelation In fact, the limits between the natural and supernatural are altogether blotted out, and there is no room for the latter term in the • vocabulary of tbe Christian Positivist. " The supernatural becomes natural to us, and then the oatural supernatural," said the high priest, quoting, I think, from Professor Drummond's book 3\. But the strongest link between Comtism and Christian Positivism is in their mutual worship of humanity. In the Christian Positivist Oratory hangs a list of sainte for every day in the year, just as in the Chnrch of Humanity, over which Dr Congreve presides ; only the latter includes one name which iB banished from tbe former—tbe name of the Founder oi Christianity. "We bold that, with the orthodox, to be the Name which is above every name," said the high priest. " As for the rest, you will find a mixed assemblage. We consecrate to each man's memory the day on which he died. Thai is bis real birthday, when be was born to tbe higher life. Then only (as Solon said of old) can you pronounce what the earthly life haB been." While be was talking to me my eye happened to light on the eacred tremister of the calendar. I did not ask permission to copy it, and I fancied there was some little objection to having things published prematurely; but I noticed that April began with Frederick Denison Maurice, and that there followed the names of Stilling, Professor Wilson, Goldsmith, Alaric A. Watts, and Albert Durer; while later down in the same month, were included thoBeof William Law, the mystic, Edward Young, Handel, Lincoln, the two 2>arwins, Wordsworth, and Shabspeare (on the same day), Dr Lardner, and James Montgomery on the last day. A motley assemblage indsed ! It must have cost infinite research and some very delicate discrimination to allot the whole yeir, and, still more, to avoid doubles, as in the case of Sbakspeare and Wordsworth. Such is, I believe, the viry latest thing in religions which is destined to figure on the voluminous list of the Registrargeneral, for it is not yet quite open to tbe general public, though I believe no iB made 10 in obiet"tion ( uirer8 beinp bad DO formal l present I introduction, nor did I kn° w of tl,ose CODDected ^ with the cult. The service was conducted by ministers of both sexes, for no distinction whatever is n?ade in tbis respect It was in the main a eh^rtened form of th. Anglican Even-song, *?th hj^s °f tbt more colorless kind from the Ancieni and Modern" collection. Those used on the occaBion when I was present were tbe metrical Litany of the Holy Ghost (4/), Dr Watts'B "0 God, our help-in «ge* past" (165), and the Bishop of Bedford » fine words, " For all Thy saints who from their labors rest 1 ' (437}. m* St. sermon was on the Conviction ot Thomas, and was to the effect that while j it would be " bleBsed" if we could believe intuitively, nine-tenths of us needed to have onr fire Benses convinced as the sceptical Apostle did. The text was taken from 4 In Memoriam " There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds." Perhaps the I most marvellous feature of the new cultue I was that my ticket WBB forwarded to me I gratis, and poBt free, and that there was no " collection to defray expenses!"— Pall MaU Gateete. 