THE CRADOCK GHOST. [From our own Correspondent.] Cradock. May 17. On Saturday, May 14. Mr. A. Mitchell, accompanied by Mr. C. R. Richardsou, pro ceeded from Cradock to Yanyarrie deter mined as far as was possible to investigate the mystery of the peculiar knockings recently and still beard at Hamdorf's, respecting which very contradictory reports have at different times appeared in the Press. They found the family had removed (as previously intimated) to an unoccupied hut belonging to a Mr. Ford, ahout 3 miles distant from the former place, where the sounds were fiist heard. Mr. Hamdorf was absent, but the rest of the family were at home, also Schulz, the little girl's father, and his brother. On introducing themselves to Mrs. Hamdorf with a request to he allowed to investigate the matter, which was readily granted, they entered, and by conversation learned that the knockings had been heard as re cently as the previous night, within a few minutes after the arrival of Mr. Sohnlz, who bad come from Teetulpa in consequence of his daughter's connection with the phe nomenon. The Hamdorfs expressed great indignation at the statements made by Trooper Shegog, which they characterize as being untrue. _ Mr. Schulz informed them | that the knockings had been heard the pre vious night without utter darkness, so at about a quarter to 7 p.m. the lamp was turned down, but the fire allowed to burn brightly. The little girl called SiBsy was then placed at the end of the table beside Mr. Mitchell. After standing there ahout six minutes she said, "It is coming," and Bighed very heavily, which, in fact, she had done i several times while standing waiting. Mrs. j H. said, "Can you hear,it, Sissy ?" to which the child replied, " Yes, it i1 in this corner of the wall; it will soon be hero." Mr. Mitchell | listened attentively, but could hear notbing for at least two minutes, although Mrs. Hamdorf and those who were accustomed to the rapping professed to hear it earlier, but very indistinctly. He then distinguished a slight tapping, which Mr. Richardson also beard, from the middle of tbe room. Mr. Mitchell was standing with the child Sissy at the end of a table at one side of the room, but in front of the fireplace. The tapping became audible in the flags of the floor, between the child and tbe wall. The father (Schulz) then said that it appeared to him the knocking followed the child, and suggested that the child should be set on the veritable box on which the alleged fraud was so cleverly discovered by Mr. Shegog, which was done, placed in the centre of the floor. Mr. Richardson sat ! on the child's right hand, and Mr. Mitchell at her left on the box, Mr. Mitchell placing hiB arms around the child, Mr. Richardson holding her feet, though each was so intent | on hie own part of the stance that neither knew the precaution taken by the other until later. The child seemed inwardly disquieted. Mitchell asked her if she was not well, she replied "Yes." He asked, "Then what mokes you eigh, Sissy?" She replied she didn't know. "Is anything troubling you?" "No." "Do you feel very tired or sleepy?" " Yes." They then 6at in Bilence, and in about half a minute the tapping was heard right under their faceB (which were all three turned towards each other, bend ing down) in the flags. After the knocking it was heard immediately behind the box (still in the flags of the floor). As the child appeared weary Mrs. Hamdorf then put her to bed, which was on a mattress on the floor, partially in a recess formed by the fireplace, but not touching any wall. In a few minuteB the child fell asleep. Very shortly after dropping asleep her head began to roll slightly from side to side. Mr. Mit chell then knelt beside her and carefully examined her and the immediate sui round ings with a lamp. Her pulse was rather full, hands normally warm.cheeka and ears rather cold, region of tbe brain rather hot. On touching any part of the head a tremor passed through her entire frame, and during the whole sdance the child appeared to be under a powerful influence as of mesmerism. Again the knocking recommenced in the wall. Mr. Schulz asked Mitchell to question the spirit and endeavour to elicit informa tion. Mr. Mitchell then put queries and re ceived answers to the following effect:— The spirit stated that its visit ws to Sissy that night, aB she was the spirit of her mother, and was distressed on her account. Her visit would not do Sissy any harm. Mrs. Hamdorf was kind to Sissy. The spirit loved Sissy, and not her little boy. She wiBhed Sissy to be removed to her mendB at_ Blackrock to be educated in the Christian faith. The spirit would not show herself to the questioner, not even in a dark room, because of its inability to do so. Sissy had seen the spirit of her mother, and was not frightened. The child, however, did not know her. The mother longed for Sissy's presence, but would wait patiently until her time came. Sissy w ould live till she attained to the age of 27. She is now 9 years old. The mother, who has been fire years a spirit, is named Rebecca Schulz. The questioner asked if he should forward Sissy's hair string to Mr. Dobbie, and the spirit replied " YeB, as he would be able to reveal something." She would appear to Mr. Schulz in'; that room at 12 o'clock if all but he and| Mrs, Hamdrof left it. The room must be in darkneBS. The rappings ceased about 8.35 after .one hour and forty minutes' con tinuous knocking and answering of questions. I may also add that on Sunday evening some other visitors from Cradock experienced an even more interesting sdance (or by what ever name the phenomenon should be called). The same mysterious influence ap peared to enthrall the child even more com pletely, for on one touching her forehead she gave a great spring in bed, at the same time a thrill as of electrioity waB felt np his arm by the person touching; but the girl was all unconscious, and after another hour and forty minutes' visit the visitor appeared to audibly leave, the little one soon regaining calmness, and those touching her found the influencegone. One of the visitors who is gifted with the faculty of thought or mind reading endeavoured to elicit informa tion by communication, but though a strong tremor passed from one to the other there was no manifestation, only darkness. Shortly after the knocking ceased the same person said to those present, " The spirit has gone; I feel its presence passed off." I make no comment on the foregoing, but write at Mr. Mitchell's dictation, and may say that his statements are borne out in every particular by Messrs. Thomas Reed, C. R. Richardson, 6. J. Gadd, and many other strictly trntbful and intelligent people, and in consequence of their statements I drove to the place and witnessed the same pheno menon myself in company with some twenty others, The child avers that on Thursday night weekBhe saw by the light of the moon a figure, closely veiled, appear from a door at the eud of the room and move up and down the room several times. Sbe called Mrs. Hamdorf three or four times, and at the last callinglouderthe apparition vanished through the same opening. 