LilDIISS' COLUMN RKCIl'E FOR nOMKlUlTINEBU. Dasv " Householders," come draw all your ohairs around. Kevct mind turning down tbe rro, I'm not fining to talk ol ghosts or goblins: I merely want th liave a comfor table littlo chal with you all and tell yon how much I enjoy your little circle. This is my first appearance among you and I shall tell you why. I have not tbo time to make all the pretty things you surest (I wish 1 had!) and my experience in that lino being very limited you would not derive muah benefit from the little I could tell you. In regard to household duties I am not mncb better fixed -don't smile- but would it interest any ol you to know how to try to make the very smallest picoe of butter da for a good sized dish of masbed potatoes f Or how to try to make a bat tbat has already braved two seasons look bright and new for these sun shiny days? No, you would all laugh and shrug your shoulders. l!ut let me tell you one thing, not malapropos here: If yon should have to wear an old bat this season admire those of others and don't think of your own. You oannot Beo itnnd your friends do not Bppreoiate you for the style ol your headgear, wbllo strangers will nover take the trouble to look at it, so where aro the odds if you are happy t Btill who knows but what relief may be near nt hand ! PerbapB, in the same maohino tbat they put in earth and turn out bread, we may be able to throw in an old hat. tarn the orank, and )o (behold I the daintiest, cutest little bonnet of the soason, that just stands throe inches higher than our very best triond'B too-what joy un told if But fest aside-it fs a great thing to be happy when we cannot have things as we want tbem-when we see nothing before us but work, work, never ending work and our very lite seems but a dreary waste. I know it iB very bard to be contented then ; bard to see the bright side of those clouds whose very blackness chills ub to the heart; bard to meet some troubles with a brave faoo; bard to bo jostled along by the unheeding crowd, when your heart yearns for one kind word to cheer your drooping courage, bat does it console us any to think how hard one lot it f Not a bit of ft, it makes natter. w-r'r, in fact it takes (lie good oiit ol tlio liltJo wo bsro. Wo all liava some place we call" home," and it ought to bo our one great aim to jmake that home bright and happy, And tell mfl what makes home happier than a pleasant face ? A face just rippling in smiles ol good nature is, I think the brighest thing ou earth; it makes us for get our troubles and cases pain. One face I have mtt in my life I shall never forget it; it was not a pretty (ace; no, it was just the opposite, for it had not one redeeming feature,but it was a lace briming over with sympathy and good humor, and in my estimation it waa the most beautiful face I have ever seen. So in garnishing your homes with all the pretty things you describe and making your tableB templing with those dainty, inviting disheB, don't forget to put the finishinu touch of a bright and happy facc. Vou may toll me that it nil very well to talk, bat that it is very hard to look pleasant vrben you've epentthe morning in a warm ltitohon over a hot stove, and perhaps burned your lingers in the bargain. I know that, but you should try and look pleasant, and let me tell you, your husbands and brothers enjoy a simple dish of steak and potatoes, with a plesaant smile tor a bank ground, better thsn all those dainties if they were not accompanied by a similar dressing. This is my only rcoipa for dccorating a home but I know it is a good one, and if you would all try it you would soon find it quite suc cessful. Don't be discouraged if you do not succeed at first but next time redouble yout effort, for we know " Man's value on what's won is sol, God values tlio endeavor." 