( F O M L I A Clear. Bright. Theatre, Garner's, Summer. Heat rising. Parliament Late sitting. Ali, Ali, AU. Both HonBes. John Gourlay. Australia" 1 IT bt. Luke's social. A political wasp. Hopkins for Mayor T Political weathercocks. 1,053 animals in the Zoo. Two burglaries this week. Steady beat, but pleasant. Be patriotic, Alderman sh&w.; Exhibition fireworks on Friday.. Gold medal for Signor S.j '-ariae. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 M0. Big anti-Chinese meeting <M Thursday, Native entertainment at tbe Exhibition, Price of silver on Nov. 18 3 s 7£d. per oz. . Norwood Fire Brigade procession to-night No business at the B&nco; Court yesterday. Pat O'Brien has got another suit of swell togs. An "iron hand" likely lo be wante≪) Paris. Board of Health prosecuting the Education Board. France nearly ready for another change ot ulers. Land Bill debate in Com mi rfcee in Assembly to-day. Martyr O'Brien haB got rid of his prison toggery. Those 3,000 London so' .-ials were not wanted. The Judas ot the Free Tiade Party—Hon.' Samuel. Honours from Italy for Bandmaster Squarise. President Gr6vy is clearly a man with a backbone. New South Wales would like to be called Australia. CoBtly Civil Service Commission to be appointed. Will the Appropriation Bill be introduced this week? Some chance of Parliament shutting np next week. What a rowdy meeting that was last night at Pirie- street. The London Socialists wouldn't rule being run In on Sunday. They must have a funny way of managing prisons in Ireland. Another big show of Masonic millinery and trinkets next week. Crumbman would like to see the Bishop fa a Dissenting pulpit. Exploration in Central Australia by Mr* TietkenB, Hooray! Why not get Mr. Beddome to settle the Mais—Furner muddle? Troops in PariB confined to their barracks for fear of a revolution. Strawberry fete at The Acacias on Friday in aid of Clayton Church. That Rosebery apiarist will possibly survive Mr. Tite's dying kick. French President now iu a fix—likely to e left without a Ministry. A rabbit-proof fence of 316 mileB to be rected on N.S.W. border. It depends on Alderman Shaw whether we have Mr. Smith for Mayor. Canon Andrews was in a Methodist pulpit or the first time last night. Cabinet presented to Mayoress is now oa iew at Stevenson Brothers. The audience were much pleased to see the anon in a Methodist pulpit. Mr. Brongh, the actor, now in Melbournes slowly improving in health. Adelaide cits, are to be called together tQ check the "spread" of ChinkieB, Silverton Tramway will be opened for raffic to Broken Hill to-morrow. New Professor Agriculture expected arrive in Adelaide middle of December. Are the city tailors and drapers in league with the Exhibition Commissioners? Alderman Shaw will establish a big claim o future consideration by retiring now, Snn rose at 4.45 a.m.; sets at 6.48 p.m. oon set at 011 a.m.; rises at 11.11 a.m, TheBurnside Board of Health should know y this time how to put down a nuisance, Recipients of Exhibition awards nex. week mast attend in " full evening dress!" The Government intend to appoint a Com-. ission to see how our Civil service works. A London woolbroker has written • amphlet in favour of a standard woolbale. RabbitB rampant in our north-east country* ays the Agricultural Editor of the Observer.. Mr. Shaw has it in his power to give the itizens another year of Mr. Smith's services. Dr. Dale's farewell address to his friends n Adelaide will be delivered in the Victoria all. The old story—a swarm of little Bethels to e started at Broken Hill for half-starved arsons. Signor Squarise receives gold medal of the econd class from Italy for distinguished' usical merits. Lavington Y. Tite Ignores the points whioh tarted the replies to bis first letter upon the oul Brcod BUI. South Australian Freemasons will be aU gog when Lord and Lady Carnarvon arrivet end of this month. Enthusiastic meeting assisted by thoseoisy boyB at the back of Pirie-street Weseyan Church last night. Popular concert and entertainment toight in Norwood Town Hall in aid of Nor- - ood Volunteer Fire Brigade. " The extreme selfishness of some men - eads them to compromise principles and onvictions of a long-life standing/' Point Maclray natives provided tbe vocal uBio at the annual meeting of the Abori- - ines 'Friends' Association last night, The Victori&lHell; was crowded at a meetng last week to hear Pastor Mueller, and the - ollection at the door realized 16s. Sd. Two Government Departments muBt get he Police Magistrate to settle their diffe ences—that's the way the money goes. Melbonrne Scotch Presbyters protest gainst Sunday trains and "shouting"—*' acent folk should tak' their toddy at hame*- John Bull and Jonathan thinking more and ore of tbe things in which they sympathise nd leu and ICBR of those In which theg differ. If New South Wales is to be oalled Aus traliaallthe letters and papers will be sent there, and she had better pay all the posta subsidy. The New Sonth Wales Government have decided to at once erect a rabbit-proof fence for 346 miles on the Border between that; colony aud ours. Meeting of beekeepers at Chamber O Manufactures last night adopted petition to Legislative Council In favour of the passing . of the Foul Brood SilL Quotation for to-day —James Stephens (Irish head centre), escaped from Gaol 1865:— Alake! that e'er my muse has reason To wy te her countrymen wi' treason 1 The upward tendenoy of the age—A thief enteied a place in the eastern suburbs on Monday night and stole only a pair of towels and a cake of soap 1 If ** cleanliness .is next to godliness" that thief must be getting moral. Oh! shockingly improper! A member of Parliament may call yon a murderer and you ean't do anything about it. But il yon nae strong words about a member, " privilege" ji down upon you like the Premier's foot npen a ladybird I How nice to be a member of' Parliament with "privileges" and £300 a year! The Ghost of Nostradamus writes:—" Ye man in the moon telegraphs me that Zadkiel has misinterpreted my prognostication. I did not predict sudden squalls * three 1 but teven days after ye conjunction of Juplttt and ye Sun, Brother ZadkleL Look out ye eons of dust for a buster at ye end 0! ye Three Frenchmen, who were studying a volume of Shakapeare in their native language, endeavoured to translate into English the well-known opening to Hamlet's soliloquy, " To be, or not to be," The following was the resultFirst Frenchman — " Te was, or to am." Second Frenchman—" Te where, or is not." Third Frenchman—" should, or not to will" 