AT TREVENNA COTTAGE. CHAPTER VIII.—Continued Whe.1 the two men reached Trevenna Cottage,1 they alighted. As they walked up the garden pathway they noticed that there waa not a tight to be sceu anywhere. Nevertheless, Mr. Bar. erne knocked loudly and tugged vigorously »t the bell. But there came no response, m indeed, somehow he hardly expected there . would. Again and again his summons was re. pcated, but to no better effect. The darkness and silence remained unbroken. At length the two men turned away without a word, weary and sad. at heart, Wednesday was near, and the city clocks, with mora or less unanimity, had just pro claimed the hour of noon, when Captain Avory imiualculate in French gray gloves and snowy gaiters and with a flower in his button-hole jauntly ascended the steps of the Stock Insur* ancc office, and requested the liveried janitor ■who opeued the swing-doors for him to direct him to Mr. Muncaster's room. Whatever inward misgiving may hare possessed himi thoy betrayed nothing of themselves on the surface. If his eyes were not smiling his lips certainly were, and his sharp white teeth gleamed through the rift in his moustache. He was carelessly humming a little air under breath as the firet janitor passed him on to the se.ond, who finally ushered him into Mr. Mun ensters room. Mr. Muucaster looked up, nodded, and smiled as his visitor entered. 'Good-morn ing, Captain Avory—glad to see yon,' he said, ' There's nothing like punctuality in these matters. We are quite ready for you, I am happy to say. Pray take a chair for a mom- j ent.' Then he resumed his writing. Captain Avory sat down as requested ; but somehow she smile died away on his lips, and he ceased to warble under his breath. Mr. Muncaster's greeting might be a pleasant one but there was a cold, green glitter in his eye which made the captain shiver, and seemed to bodo but little good. But not much time was allowed him for thought of any kind. Mr. Muncaster's letter was quickly finished and handed it to the messenger who answered his summons. As Boon as the man had gone, he took a tube, one of several which hung close to his chair and after blowing through It, he put the mouth piece to his ear, 'Yes sir,' came the answer in tones hollow enough to have done credit toatranspoutine ghost. Placing the mouth piece to his lips this time, Mr. Muncaster said: 'Tell Davies that Captain Avory Is here and let me know if everything is in proper readiness.' Only a few secouds he had to wait for the reponse. 'Everything is in proper readiness sir.' Mr. Muncaster nodded rod flmiled to himself. Meanwhile, Captain Avory, whose hands were perspiring most uncomfortably for so cool a morning, had slowly fculled off his French gray gloves. No doubt his signature would be required presently to some document or other and it was just as well to be in readiness. And now, captain, I am at your service ' said Mr. Muncaster. • 'Will yoU kindly stop this way i' For a moment he hesitated and glanoed round. ' Everything i« in readitieu for what or whom)' he asked himself. 'Why, to pay ma over the cheque for five thousand, of course,' was his own answer to his own question. And yet strange to say, he felt very much like a fly which was deliberately walking to a spider's web, who half suspecting the while the doom that lay in wait for it. Mr. Muncaster, holding open an inner door was looking at him with a peculiar «mi|a He hesitated no longer, but passed through the door, which closed at once behind him. Together the two men crossed the corridor beyond, at the end of which were two more silent swing doors, where stodd two men, one in livery and the other in plain clothes ; and so they passed forward into another large empty reom. 'Just a single moment,' said Mr. Muncaster with uplifted finger, and with that he strode forward, and opening the door of a further room peeped in. Captain Avoty holding his hat in his l.»n^ to a halt with military precision in ihe of the floor. His heart was thumping like » steara-hanunar, and his lips were strangely parched and feverishr He moistened them with his tongue, then he sniffed at the flower in his button-hole, then he threw up his head with aa air of defiance. Mr. Muncaster .beckoned to him with an ominious finger. 'If you please, my dear sir it you please,' he said in his moat dulcet t mcs. Captain Avory squared his shoulders, gave a loud 'Hern)' and marched foiward as stiffly as if he were going on parade. He heard the door close behind him, aud was somehow dimly mnscio us that another man, in addition to Mr Muncaster, had followed him into the room. And then he looked round. He had no need to take a second look ; he saw it all in a glance. He was trapped—brought to the bay—lost ruined 5 Fronting him had sat three people, any one of whom, sitting in that place on that occasion, would have been to him aa an infallible symbol of doom. Vint of all, there was "good, simple hearted Dr. Mayfield, the man of whom he had hoodwinkedandhamboacledaseastly ha might have done, who was now- gazing at him through ilis gold-rimmed spectacles more ia sorrow than in aoSer, and with a tear lurking somewhere in the corner of his eye. Next to him all ia black, sat Mrs. Preedy, as grim, rigid, and angular as a monunteutal effigy ; ia htjr eyes shone no moisture of pity l>at rather a cold atony glase pierced through by one venomous spark of hatted. Lastly, came a face far more terrible than the others—that of hts much wronged cousin. By what strange minde was he here 3 He was loofctassfargiit at him, with •yes that were stern indeed, but which yet had • sort of sad supivsed qa -i-'.ot.i »g look ia them ■ i, as though they were asking: 'Can this be the man whom I trusted and treated as a brother ! He could bear no inoro, he gave a great grasp made a clutch at his heart, and stagged back like a drunken man towards the door, thoao three accusing faces still following him with their eyes. Suddenly, a strong hand, which seemed at once to support and hold him was thrust uuder his arm, and a voice said in his ear: ' Captain Avory you must consider your self my prisoner. I hold a warrant for your arrest on change of' But Captain Avory heard no more for the only time in his life, he had fainted. At this point he may well pass from our si^ht tor ever. Mr. Saverne could not bo porauaded to tako any legal proceedings against his cousin. 'I Cannot forget that Lucius and I were like broth ers together when we were boys,' he said ; 'and whatever may have been his errors and mis fortunes since that time, he is still my nearest liviug relative. He will be sufficiently punisliod without my adding to his burden he will have to bear.' . But the Stork Insurance Company took no such merciful view of Capiain Avory's misde meanour. Thoy had a duty to perform to them selves and the public, and they performed it. On this point it is unnecessary to say more. Mrs. Avory disappeared as completely as though no person had ever been in existence. She could scarely fail to read in the nowspapers the account of her husband's arrest and exami nation; and not knowing how far the law might choose to tako cognisanco of her share in the matter, she probably decided that the wis est thing she could do would be to drop out of sight as quietly and unobtrusively as possible. Bosy Groote was another individual who wa3 not seen in those parts which had known him best; while Hoogies, it is pleasant to relate, has long ajo been levelled to the ground. Mr. Saverne wm a man who occasionally, did Jlr'nga which other people would rarely think dosH«. He sought out little Florrio Sadgrovo and fiuding her to be a clever and interesting child, he caused her to be educated at his ex pense, and laUir on, he set her fairly on her way in life. It is a good thing to know that i she has not failed to do credit to his generosity. TEE END. 