DONE IN SECRET A STORY OF TWO BORDER MARRIAGES By the Author of "Lucy, The Factory Girl," "Eustace, the Outcast," "The Lost Heir of Glencorran," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVIII. WALTER AND VIOLET. It was drawing towards sundet when the cab passed along the south side of George Square and drew up at Mr. Carter's door. While Walter alighted and prepared to release the picture from its fastenings on the roof, the driver proceeded to mount the steps and give a vigorous pull at the bell. So soon as he heard it clang in the interior and without waiting till the door was opened, the man returned to Walter's assistance. Thus helped the youth quickly had the picture on the ground and each lifting it by a side— for it was large, and required careful handling—they moved with it to the now open door, where stood a servant eyeing them in surprise. The girl's surprise was due to the fact that she, along with the rest of the household, had been told that the picture was to be brought on the following day by the young gentleman who painted it, for whose reception special preparations were to be made. This premature arrival, therefore occasioned her no little astonishment— a feeling which her fresh blooming face fully manifested. "Is Mr. Carter in the dining room?" asked Walter as they passed into the lobby with their burden. " Master is out, sir," was the reply. . "Out. Oh, dear, I am sorry for that. Will he return soon? " I cannot say, sir. He did not expect you with it till to-morrow, and——" " I know ; but I am obliged to leave town to-morrow on important business, and have therefore brought the picture a little before the time appointed. Is Miss Carter out likewise?" "No,Sir;, she is upstairs. Shall I go and tell her you have come. "If you please, but say she need not trouble herself to come down unless it be convenient. I can leave a note for Mr. Carter. which will explain the matter." " What a handsome, civil spoken young gentleman, thought the girl as she tripped away to deliver the message. Walter having on a former occasion visited the house and seen the place the picture was to occupy in the dining-room, motioned to the man to move forward to that apartment. Here, everything being in readiness, the 'hanging' was soon effected, and the cabman, having been paid considerably more than his legal fare took his leave, Walter intimating that he would prefer to walk back. Left alone in the room the youth first made some adjustment in the position of the picture, then took a few steps backwards to contemplate its appearance and effect. On the whole he was fairly well pleased with his work. It was certainly his best production, as well as his most ambitious effort. He had thrown into its execution not only his whole soul but his heart, whose sufferings were intimately associated with the scene hewas pourtraying. There was consequently great feeling as well as truthfulness and artistic merit in the work, the full extent of which he himself had not discerned till now. Standing there with his gaze rivetted on the picture, the scene it represented came full upon his mental vision, and the tender love-memories it awakened took possession of his being. He could recall these now with less pain since tidings of Violet had reached him, and the hope of finding her had lifted some of the gloom from his spirit. While her fate was mysterious and unknown, and no prospect of tracing her had come-to alleviate his anguish and remorse, he could not even in thought regard the scene where they had together experienced such exquisite happiness without a shrinking sense of acutest misery. But now that there was the possibility of recovering her, the well- remembered spot had within its beauty less power of pain for his suffering heart, and as he gazed at his embodiment of it on canvas, his heart though sad and sorrowful enough, was comparatively calm. While he stood motionless wrapped in silent thought, he became conscious of an approaching footstep, and the entrance of someone into the room. By the lightedness of the step and the rustle of a silken dress he knew it must be a lady, and concluding this lady to be Mr. Carter's niece, he turned round to greet her. Merciful heaven, what a shock for him—for both of them! Within a few paces stood Violet, white as a ghost, staring at him with distended eyes, and a look of amazement equal to his own. to his own. . For some moments they remained powerless, petrified, then with a loud cry and the exclamation "My God— Violet!" bursting from his lips, he sprang towards her and caught her in his arms just in time to save her from sinking on the floor. Until his arms were around her, and he felt it was a form of substance he held, he believed what he saw to be only a vision conjured up by his overwrought brain. But when he felt her slight weight, as helpless and unresisting she lay upon his bosom, and realised that the form was no delusion but real flesh and blood, he pressed her to his heart in wildest transport, while, amid broken ejaculations and incoherent utterances he rained kisses on the pale lips, the bloodless cheeks and marble brow of the dear, lovely, passive face that lay in stillness on his bosom. "My darling, my darling, my lost, my precious darling, have l found you at last? Powers of mercy can it be: Oh, this discovery passes comprehension; love, whose loss I have mourned so long and so bitterly—yes 'tis she— sbut 'tis she, my Violet my heart's thank God, 'tis she; no dream but a blessed reality. Look up, my darling, look up, smile on me. Our misery is over;: we shall never be parted again.' This and much more he ejaculated as in wild bewildered, but rapturous ecstasy, he strained her to his heart, and pressed fervent kisses on her pallid features. For a time Violat suffered this vehement outburst, lying still and passive with closed eyes in Walter's encircling arms. It seemed as if she had swooned and became unconscious, but such was not the case. She was terribly upset by the shock of meeting Walter so unexpectedly. She was for the time physically overpowered, but her senses did not leave her; she knew that he supported her; she heard his words; she felt all his burning kisses, but her bodily strength had departed, and, until that returned she could only remain still and allow him to act as his feelings prompted. But, being, as we know, naturally possessed of energy, and self-reliance, she did not long remain thus prostrated, and even while she was physically helpless, her mind was at work leading her forward to resolution and action. While Walter was still in the midst of his frenzied demonstration, she suddenly opened her eyes, cast one swift glance into his face, raised herself up, and, with unexpected firmness released herself from his embrace, and walked aside till the large dining table was between them. , .;'.^TliKr'h^Md an unexpected, m^ing/' *sh|Te&id;,. ija accents which Mtered Mat! first,' hut' which gained fitinness- |titK^e\Wry wbtd' she spoke. [ ** ;Thyj ■,is, 'indeed mi unexpected meet , ing, and we Imver hoth been taken | unawhres; Buthbw-tiiat we have time to, gather! ourselyes together we /hall! ; be able to act aright. I must ask you vto .sa^r ^otlpng .of this to my uncle. He ^ feioyre f nothing of—of anything 1 that'may llmYe been between us. . He j , m$i$t never.learh'it,' and. to. avoid all 1 chance ,o| ? J[^cove^ it ' be better j for you td go ere he return.* r " Violet 1: In'Kearen's name, what j do you me4n ?" cried Walter, with a 3 look.cf blank wonder. ' ^ -*« Hueh l Speak lower j the servants | may hear.'' w'"V^afy3|l&by; dof.:'"^ know-;l b5 yjabd jbypus anil ; eodn-be known to; .. JS^.Sfe o^'no;"it must not. Let the] Head 'past ;r^mhmrih"its secret grave. VThy drag; it forth to entail further | imsieiyP''' echoed Walter, mth the eame;wondering look. • 'She'';8teadily repeated. " Head,! and therefore best, forgot ten/' - • S- : - ' ; "1 do not understand you • nor shall ! seek to"- do so. All I know—] and it is enough—is that I have found you and -we shall. never again be | parted.- Why have yap kept from me so long i Did you not see my adver tisement; and oh,. my darling, why have you now1 left my Jonging arms and placed this table. between us? You-have" not even called me by my name." "To what purpose," she returned In n steady voice. " Since we must henojeforth be Btrangers—as we have been for the , pasit mouths—why ad dress eaeh other now in language that i \ isfainiliar?" 'f "In God^a name, Violet, what is V,',: , the import of your words," he gasped. " Strangers 1 We strangers. Your form and features are those of my Violet, hut your -tone, your manner, your language are different. Has the alteration in .yp.ur position effected thiBs terrible." change 1 It is due tp Imp fact that you are now a rich man's hsir, while I am poor and an out cast?" . : 'V. , , "Spare your taunt, which is as un deserved as you know it to be unjust You are the last ;who should wonder at the changb, or affect to be1 ignorant of its c^use." ' . , //!.' ' \ *' That is true, Violet too true. I do know what cause-you have to resent my infamous treatment. If the torments, of; hell can possibly be endured on earth I have endured them since "the fatal hour "when in. my Weak ness I remained .silent when I should have spoken and declared you my wife.'* . " " Silence X command you," exclaim ed Violet, with a flashing look, and in a tone so loud that his last word was lost'in its sound.;: "Dare not to call me by that hame: now. Your last chance of doing po was on the occasion you speak of. You-deliberately re fused, and when it passed it passed. for ever. . The,'choice you then made jwas irrevocable, and you must know it." "It was not my choice," cried Walter with vehement • earnestness. " I yielded against every feeling of my soul to the temptation that beset me ; but in the very moment of my fall I was plunged into the depths of re morse and despair. T would have giveu worlds to obliterate the stupen dous sin—ay, every world that rolls in space had it beeu mine to bestow. " Yes, but there are sins for which no repentance can avail. And that wash one. But why continue a useless discussion bt protract the pain caused byjj&is; unexpected meeting—a meeting isiu^^i^able ^ns it was unsought. Thblaruest wisdom is to end tlm inter yzewhud'-forget, if we can. that we have seen each other < ' „ " fegauv '{"/wi-i • •. /• ; ' "-Fhd : 1 the • - interview." I repeated W-alter, jgazing at her in stupefied iwonderi- . .Heruwords were so* inepm pteheitsible'-that he could find, no meaning in them, and had to. revolve them „m his miiwl i&sii; Were hy frag knents.,' Unexpected meeting," be. went on yes, most imexpeeted but, nbt unsought.' Unsought 1 when for jmonthis'it was my sole, iny unceasing, imy distracted effort to find you/ Of late; the. , hope "had sunk Ibw in: my. soyro.w-stri.ckeu heart, and the dread-" fill fear was creeping in that I should 'never find you. Little, oh, little did I dream that the niefee Mi. Carter disco-r vered was my o wn kmt darling, and that for!weeks past my grief at any mo ment might be turned into joy by ac cepting the invitation.he so often gave to visit him. It is only to-day that tidings of you reached me, and to morrow I meant to go to Glasgow to search you out. Thank God, I do not need to do so." "flow did you learft tidings of me to-day 1" asked Violet startled into curiosity. ■ , "I: have had a visit from Fanny Carstairs, -and she told me all she knew concerning you." " Oh, from her 1 I might have ; "But she too had lost you—as sud denly and completely as I had done; and—" "Yes," interrupted Violet. "I feared her indiscreetness and sought safety from discovery by withdrawing myself from her knowledge. And she has actually taken the trouble to seek you out that she might give in formation, which she knew I did not desire." " No; her primary object was a per sonal one. That precious scoundrel Arthur Bramwell, seeks to cast her off and deny their marriage. He stole from her the certificate . which she wrested from Carson and destroyed it, thinking : thereby he had extinguished the only existing evidence. It was to obtain my testimony as a witness that she sought me out. Bramwell is rich now; hiB uncle is dead; he heirs his wealth; and his design is to marry Miss Ogilyie." "Infamous !" exclaimed Violet. " Can such a base, foul wrong be pre vented," C; / '^ / } " Certainly it pah, 1/ Ohr .testimony will prevent it, for we were witnesses of the marriage. But, oh my darling, let us not talk of their matter when we have so much to speak of concern ing ourselves." " He made a movement to reach her. byi passing jrpjind the table, but She waved him back, and the repelling gesture froze the words on his lips; Violet's own soul was quivering with anguish, but seeing how necessary it was that she should preserve calmness and firmness she:suffered no sign, of .inward feeling to appear. , .; " We have nothing to1 speak of concerning ourselves," she said in a steady even voice. " The past so far as j it affects us mutually is dead and buried, and henceforth those who have never met cannot be greater strangers 'toie&cli; otHfe^an^e."'"'if fi? ' -Gb, heaven, what cani'jjfra mbain ?"; altef-c "j^irel^^ure(l^:you, do not mean that we are to live—apart. I : sinned heavily against you, how Heavily no one feels more bitterly than myself, but, unless your love for me is dead, the depth of my repentance must move gj&fi.; -thfen no lohger/fifear tb jybn?.„i[s Ipye forf^J^ijDi'^«&Tl;|&^ your heart ?" *" '**' " "Walter," she answered, and as for the first time during the interview she uttered his name her voice trembled. "This is not a question of lovo or for giveness. No impulse of the one, no effort of the other, can undo or obli terate the effect of your fatal weak ness when you allowed the brand of shame to fall on me. That was a sin of the deepest dye, committed not so much against me, as against the pure and holy marriage relation. You can not forget how I warned you, and pleaded with you to take the only proper course and end a deception, which could oiily be productive of evil." 4 Yes," was Walter's ready admis sion, " that was where the error began. My weakness blinded me, but my eyes were opened when " " When it was too late," was Violet's sad comment. 4 Too late, alas, to prevent the evil, "but I hope in God not too late to remedy it." Violet . slowly shook her head* 4? You do not see it as I - wqidii not saytsb,"!i&esaiil; pibhrMulIy' " Do not- set. i thisdown jto." resent ment, *Walter,r > 'Did iitxle penkl on.me, I would readily healthe bfbkfch':; Nay. I would endure a thousand times , more than I have- done, if thereby the deed could be done. But,,ju?t as it is: im possible that the. act pan jxe j recalled, so it istmpossible that :its -antsult can be, got rid of. /This, beibgl'sq there is nothing left but-r-rseparation. I wish you eouljd see ibis add make/our fate less hard by silently, apqepting it." ' V iolet,' jteu mist' • be' 'Very J proud apd cruel -and ; relentless , tb' speak thus," ''was -'"Walter's,anguished, re" jbinder.' 44 H1 God ifrfere as unmerci ful, we, His creatures, nught bid 'fare-, well to all hope of salvation. But no, sooner does the Sinner turn to Hiin in irepentance and cry for pardon than in jhis Divine compassion pardon is granted. Yet ybu caonet pardon me. Oh ( Violet, it is you now whb is in error. JFormeriy. I was, the erring one and you pointedput the path of duty. Now it is your eyes over which the veil is drawn. Perhaps—judging of' me by the past—you distrust me. But I am not the Walter Linden you have hitherto/known. The fire- of trial and suffering into which I have been cast has scorched, and I humbly hope purified my nature. What your persuasions could not effect were otherwise accomplished. After you left Glemalloch I did what I should have done before. I told my mother that you were my wife." " You did, and how did the revela tion affect her ?" 44Much as I anticipated. -Her wrath was great, but in her secret soul she would have done you justice, and--" - " Did she express regret for the in justice ahe had done me ?" 44 Not in words; but she could not but feel how terribly you had been wronged. Nothing, however, could avail to assuage.her anger, or soften "her resolution. She disowned -me declared I was no longer her son. I was prepared for this and waiting only to allow her time for reflection, I de parted from Glenmallpeh as you Had done. My efforts" lib find you I heed not relate, nor the misery I endured. It was necessary that I should work for my bread, and I resolved" to put to use what talent I had for painting. I was: poorly, paid, j but I struggled on. Fate, fortune, shall I not rather, say Providence, made me acquainted with Mr. Carter, who has been most kind, and beneficent." :He has often spoken at said Violet, "hut never by name. "ELadhe doneeo I wonLd have known who youwere, and—" U " Avoided = me still," he, added, jwith a tipige»of bitterness.; "OWjViolet, is , mine indeed, the unpardonable sin f has it forfeited 'for me—for both of us—the paradise we once possessed? See how I have treasured its happy memory! Look at that picture; the scene must be as dear to ypu as it is. to me; Look, and && me if itkindles no itender feelings fa, ypur,bosom." - K. She turned to where he pointecl, and" for the first time her eyes beheld the picture. At the first glance her heaVt . throbbed with powerful emotion, for ", she recognised the well-known, spot,j and the sight of it so suddenly pre sented caused its dear associations to rush upon'her like a flood. Her bosom heaved, her cheeks flushed, her eyes filled With tears, her whole being was, filled with an infinite yearning. Had , she stood ohlessfiim ground than the adamantine rock of truth, which has its' 'foundation in the centre of the nniverse, Walter would have at. that moment have gained bis point. But though 'mbved to the depth of her. nature her resolution was not shaken. ^ ' •' ** It's very beautiful, very true," she ifaltered. " You have, improved wonderfully in painting. ■ ■ ; «Ta that all. you, have to say about it!? Does ;-the sight of the Eden of our■ .happiness not plead to you for . our return to its blissful shades I" « Oh, Walter, I wish L could make you comprehend," she answed in alow, pained tone. " But the very illustra tion you have used should be sufficient to convince you. When the first pair forfeited their Eden it was for ever. No sorrow, no repentance, could regain for them its lost innocence and [ accompanying joys.. So it is with us, ; and the scene there represented; the j the flaming sword is as really between ua and it as its flashing blade kepi guard at the gate of paradise." 44 My darling, you are the victim of a false idea,f be said, reasoning with her. 44 Unless your love be dead—and that you have not told; me,—-our , hearts are umted'iis^ Yetypu;pipj!pse tWiof.jthp 'ie£st; of our lives we should live apart, making ! existence unbearable for both of us, and that ypu isay is the unavoidable penalty of my transgression." She was silent. ' i " Violet," he went on, " i| yob 110 j, longer, love ime, say .so, aad t^l^hle^ as ihe blow ^ill be; I sbalb bear itlise a man.: . Of course nothing that,'either of us may say or do can loose the tie j of marriage that binds us. Heath, j hlone can sever that bond and as we I are young and strong, many years of • •life may be before us. Yet if my sip I has torn me from your beart I shall I Iforego any. sight the law may give me, for companionship without love would ■be a tenfold agony. Speak then, Violet, and solemnly assure me tbat jyoutno iobgev idye wb-!' i ^ - | did i should speak .falsely, Lhe rppliedin a low; tone. ;, _ "I knew it "he joyfully exclaimed. " Deeply as I have wronged you your jbeart i is not alienated from me. Nothing, therefore, can separate us— nothing hut caprice—and surely you 1 would not " 4 Not caprice," she emphatically exclaimed, "" Though I lov you still, you have destroyed my -trust—my faith in you; and these are as essen tial as love in the tie that is between us." " Was ever anything more unfor tunate?" exclaimed a voice which startedDboth, and at the same mo ment Mr. Carter entered the room in [ haste and breathless. "After plan ning as I did for this meeting not to I he present when you met. What, i standing at a distance, with the table I between you. and looking cold and i constrained! You bave not made up your quarrel, then. Ah, that comes of I bring absent. , Come* come don't be foolish. Tell me all about it, and I will find a way to reconcile vou, for I have set my heart on [that."- ' ' " Mr. Garter — Uncle," . exclaimed I Walter and Violet in a breath,; both looking the amazement they ex perienced. " Ah, you are both very much sur prised. You did not give the old man credit for so much sagacitybut Yiolet, my dear, a loving uncle has sharp eyes, and it was not long ere I found out the cause of your trouble. I.very soon found it out to bea dis appointment of the heart, and other things, conspired to let me know that my young friend Linden was the in dividual concerned. You can't imagine how delighted I was to find this out, for I said to myself, if ever two human beings were made for each other it was you two. I took a good deal of pains to find out the cause pf your trouble, and when I had done so 1 set myself to bring you together and make you happy. I thought what pleasure it would be to be .-present when you met—to sen yovr surprise, i pour astonishment, and—-I was gtirigj 'tosay happiness... But, uponmy wbrd, you'don't look soveryhappy, though' SE'bU warrant you . were astonkhed enoUgh when you came face to jEacel" yPhey listened to this ©jqdanation ■withunmitigated wonder. : ' • " Oh, Uncle, how did you- kaow,' "ejaculated Yiolet. "Never mind that just now;; you will learn it all in good time, my dear.. You may be sure that in all my en quiries I had only your good at {heart, and a desire to bring happiness io two young people whom I loved, hut by ill-luck I have been defrauded j>f half I my reward. I looked forward' to thiB meating taking place lot to . night, but to-moworrow and walked over to the carver's to \ make sure the picture was ready; when to * my.. astonishment < I was told ' Mr.' Linden had just taken , it away in a cab. I hurried back as fast as I ■ could, and here I find.you at j opposite sides of the table, and with less happier faces, than X expected. This inust not he. I am not one to do things by halves. . By my help the barrier in the way of your unioji shall be removed, and your happiness shall be without a cloud." " Heaven grant that in this you are a true prophet, Mr. Carter," remarked Walter. " In what you have said you have indeed surprised both of us, as I had no cause, and I. do not suppose Violet had cause, to believe that you knew aught of what was be tween us. For your good intentions' and you desire to befriend us, I thank you with most fervent gratitude, and you will, add infinitely to the many obligations under which you have laid me if you can' prevail on 'Violet to move from the position she has taken; =. ; "Don't doubt my power in that, Mr. Linden.,", said Mr. Carter jcoUr I ndently. " I like to see my :niecc; , have a little pride ana-- self-respect,: but.it is possible to carry these too far, only Violet is a girl .of too much sense eptp do. ; ' ■ I f"iiDear TJncle, .ypaj -sides against me. or you will. Tnalro my duty hard indeed,'.' murmured. Violet. in a pleading tone. ' . U / "Your duty," he returned with a pleasant smile. " No duty is great er than obeying the dictates of the heart, when these are worthy, and1 right. I know how strongly,how deeply, and truly you love each other,, and I tell you the harrier that stands before you shall be removed." "Impossible," said Violet with a heavy sigh. " You see, sir, how immovable she is," said Walter. " My dear sir, I thought lyou would have more confidence in me," said her uncle a little reproachfully. '• I hope I have not in any particular given you reason to think that I have undertaken more than I can do.' ' " Oh, no, no," exclaimed Violet easnestly, *' you have been to me everything that is goocf and kind, but " Very well, trust me in this also;" he smilingly interrupted, "and show me that you do so by allowing your lover the embrace which I know he longs to enjoy; for I say again, the barrier to your union shall be re moved, and in due time you will be married with all the respect and honor which yon have a right to demand. Pooh, pooh ! don't look so startled. You don't understand just yet, but you shall by-aud-by." " I fear, uncle, it is you who don't understand," Baid Violet in a grave, sad tone. " Oh yes I do. I have used means of discovery which you yot not of; but 'twas for your good my dear ; -for your's too, Mr. Linden. When the first suspicion of the truth, entered my mind I was exceedingly glad, for it was precisely what I wished might happen. So I set myBelf to find out j why the course of true love had not run smooth as it ought to do, and when I learned what was the obetruc-' tion it seemed to quite reasonable; What my dear, still in dbubt ?7 Atid . you Mr. Linden, Why doypulookso downcast ? If you love Violet 7 asl' know you do, and- wish to make he^ your wife ' " Stop sir, if you please," .interrupt. ted Walter. " It is plaia thatyou-dq not undestand—have- not learadcT-aZZ. the truth. Violet is gj ready ! ' '• •••'• ;- -i - ■ The astounding statemb^JstiiUck-' , Mr. Carter dumb. He ■ gazed ,at jthe speaker for some .momenta; in, utfcer Bilence, then 'turned ' Violet. In her face her, saW ^corro boration of Writer's words/ ;'" Vonr wife aheadjf !Si ' passing 'his j over / fchrbrdw mi' fiewildered mahnti Whyd ' ^ow; cau that be;?" - , Eapidly and briefly- but -with in telligible-clearness, Walter related the pyonis, from the day.-he v and Violet first met in ^idenBtone Woo'ds. - He ' (yinanljr; candor,. ^Presenting* h& diyH- i'conSuci: truih-V fbffy and unsjaringly^thorebj- eaarnihg Violet's greatfifi^ approvid^and ^showt ing Ker how. much his.better n&tUre; had been disciplined- and perfected" by suffering.-=The recital-^id^mdre'?to awaken a -tender iohgihg in: her bosom than all:f the';a%imeiits viously addressed -to: hem-"But she remained silen^; natihg the iihprbasioh. which the story prodiieed^upcaii-'hOT uncle. . . ■ : <.... .... 'v,-.; .;, The latter dtatened*.-wife.' ^absorbed attention, and in" silence till* Walter came to narrate the -itomBg^ben^afc - Droom Enowe. At thid. crista: hta feelings grew beyond" cuntrol^anA uiider the mfluence ofexcrtedjemotjom heexclaimed—r , . . s., "Good- Godj, your surelyr-did. nOfc; conceal- the truth any .longer ?" ~ I did. 1- exclaimed Walter-^ in., aceents- of self-abasement. ?I- >said not a wordj and7 allowed Vidlet ta-bOr thought the vilest of women." -, Mr. Carter, started back/in horro'r, and regarded the youth- for -some moments with, unutterable indig nation. ' •VTou did thatr*' he hoarsly nmdL. * Ves, heaven, forgive- me,-. yes Loathe,. renounce me - if. you. will, -yon cannot hate me mows than. I hate my self for-the dastard^deed." Mr. Carter went towards Vtalet^his whole frame trembling with agitation. i P°9r .d^^"ho murmured, " I dreamt no.k-jthat.^op ihad,;endnrei anything.so terribJe as-cthtaii iAJfithafc puzzled me in -yonr^cGnduct is now> ex plained, and T entirely- 'appreTer-ibf? it. I can now understand what^oii must have suffered.- 40h!it: Was-^itael. cruel wrong, and all ^e^iterithat it wsis inflicted- by. jfinr have protected your ;honor ,. witUc, iia life." , - - p'. -;-'5V " .* „.f ' .> -. .. '. Ho drew her. .towards Mm: and -fdld. - ; Aer.7 tenderly hta arms; : iGairn till now, this caused Violet's firmii, bi to desert her, and; buryingher face in his bosom,7 ste bu ^ ^ weeping. Her'uncle wept:with ^ - the .con^ite, iremorseful Walter was also unmanned as ; he bowed his head under the despairing thought that by his fatal - weakness;' he had lost Violet for ever.. This- was his abject,*hopeless attiti.dft when Mr. Garter -lifted ■ his head- aud looked towards him;- The old man glanced from the youth to Violet, and, gently placing tho latter on a sofa, he; came with slow step tu the other side* of the table where Walter stood; : Mr. Linden," he-said, and at-the sound of his name Walter looked up into the othei's stern face. ; "She is your wife. You have power over her. Do you mean to exercise it ?" " Not against her will," answered W alter, in a husky voice. " Having forfeited all moral rightto caliber my wife, any legal -claim I possess shall, never be put forth." " That is well. It is the only re paration you can make for the wrong you have done. Will vou sign a paper to this effect, undertaking never to seek her presence, or ccm > near her in any way ?" Must this be so 1" groaned Walter, She seems to think so,. and as she was the wrongetj one, it is her pro- - viiice to mete out your punishment." " Then, I submit. The punishment is just, though it will be heavier, than I can hear. Yes—I—I will sign a paper to this effect when she and you require it. Good-bye. You have been very kind to me, and meant to do do still greater good till you have discovered my unworthiness. 'Your friendship, too, I must lose, but at least; you will take$a.yh 3ngr " " fes, Mr/ Linden, html &o6d-bye.;" him, .then; wilhonlryf^turiiiga loot/ towards "Violet, he Jiaggered towards Hie door, groping for ik3iko^>n&4>hniL. Baterehe reached through* thb air, -a^emale figure flew swiftly across the' renin, Jand&Wolefc;',8„ arms were flung .injn'tilsWely* Utiwiid himi •'**!* ^uSr-X . -11;. f, t >, '"Walter, do >iot'J'|gdy'«hei'3w.' ^ "Star; give*—I forget* all. YoUjyare not! "Walter who sinned-; yon ;are steorager., land better. "We shalllvSol ;.uaniug: respumieu ■rfffi s herpasiiihnafolvfo 'bis heart.. *'Jf do not deserve you,; buh^it^Sffl-be jthe : =aiai ~o£'tny life to :T»cpmiB worthifej k:o£ »he bo good." Idr.Carfertt^^nway^^^ ^and happy heart r Hib ■ abjeet Itwcbdiffis -wh^S^oSpyio^ove' ••.' .•"T-V ".* jTvyBSSLjU" ; 