INDUCTION AT ST. PAUL'S. Yesterday evening the induction of the R.v'. Joh-i Southey as rector of St. Paul's Anglican Church to this town was pelformed by Ir. Wobber, Lord Bishop of Brisbane, assisted by the Roev. 11i. Heath. There wasa tolerably un01e'ou congregation pre. sent, and the service was one of great otltenity. After devotional exercises had bcu ,nga .. in, th,. Rev. J. Southlecy took the cath it alh'' a,, ', to Her Majesty the Queen and her succeelso. :,e ,,t ,f canonical obedience to the Bishop of tit Ii e. and also made the declaration of aent to al re, t:i?, nine atrticles of religion and the B t.k ot t'.-umiou Prayer, as well as the declaration againsc : ,ay. His Lordship then exhorted the Il?o e't'r:o, to pray continually for the minister If :' ris; oil d t, the spiritual oversight of the pi': . awl t .0 -.r him with all their power in the dur?e- ,.f ' h,". c ling. Other devotional services were iih n - ,. ,- , the new incumbent knelt at his Lr..?a..u , f . a.l, the latter addressed him thus :-" In fue L....f the Father and of the Son and of thle lols Ghost. men. I, William Thomas Thrnhbill, Bishop of risbane, do hereby give thee, John Southey, insti utiaon and mission and cure of souls as pastor of this arish, and authority to preach the Word and to administer the Sacraments herein." Then, putting a Bible into hisisand, the Bishop said :-" I charge thee before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall jsdge the quick and the dead at His appearing, preach the Word; he instant in season, out of season ; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long suffer ing and doctrine." The Bishop then placed his hand on the new re or's head, and said :-" Tile God of poece who broight again from the dead our Lo:dI Jesus Christ, thbe greatheplihcrdof thiesheip, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, inke thee per feet in every good work to do Hits will, working in thee that which is well pleasing in Hlis sight. through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom be glory for ever and ever." His Lordship then lei the Rev. Mr. Southey to his stall, where Ihe inducted him, saying -" O praise the Lord for H is goodness, alnd declare the wonders that he doeth for the childreu of men. Exalt Him also in the congregation of the people, and praise Him in the seat of the elders." A hymn followed, after which the Bishop gave a short ad dress. referring particularly to the solemnity of the occasion, which he said was the most eolemn in which a rector and people could take part. He spoke of the departure of the Rev. H. Heath, and said he could wish his successor nothing better than that lhe would be as much esteemed and respected by the people as his p edecessor. At the conclusion of the address, a hymn was sting, and a collection in aid of the Mission Clergy Fund was taken up; after which the n w incumbent said :-"0, Almhnighty God, who hast built Thy Church upon the foun dation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the head corner-stone, giant onus so to be joined together in unity of spirit by their doctrine, that we may be a holy tem ple acceptable unto Thee ; and especially to Ile Thy servant, and to this parish now committed to my charge, give the abulndanee of Thy grace, that we may all be of one iheart and of one?c soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and onue month glorify Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord." His Lordship then pronounced the beonediction, and th,: members of the choir, followed by the clergy and the Bishop, slowly filed out of tihe building, this proces sion concludiug one of the most solemn rites known in the Anglican Church. 