FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1887. The How. J. L. PARSONS must have been gratified both by the large and intelligent audience that assembled to hear his lec-<*> ture on the Northern Territory last even- ing, and the marked and appreciative In terest that it manifested. The platform was rally occupied by a number of influential and representative citizens, and the body of the hall was veil filled. Though the lecture took an hoar and a half in ita delivery the attention of the eager listened did not flag for one moment from the T**rPTTn>ncflnif!nt to the close. This was no donbt largely attri butable to tiie reputation Mr. Parsons acquired daring ht? r"fri^pp"p among as as an effective and attractive public speaker, and which he proved to be justly deserved. Though he complained that he was rusty from want of on, none of bis beaten would be disposed to endorse that self- accusation. He proved indeed that his skill in that respect is altogether on abated. While in dealing with the Northern Territory he evidently strove to maintain an almost severe simplicity of style; what may be called the afterpiece, in which he gave a glimpse of some Eastern cities, was a masterpiece of word-paint ings Hongkong, with tta ??ff?flipg life, double firmament, and ?"??—ir ?n?wHwu? tnde; Canton and other cities with their swarms of people; Saigon, on which French occupation has left ita mark: Johore, the sultan of which has mani fested such striking interest in South Australia; Singapore, "the Corinth ot the East;" Java, where it always seems afternoon—these and other places were sketched In m series of vignettes, both vivid and charming. Their practical value was enhanced by the suggestion thst when in the possibly not remote future Australia becomes a great nation they must inevitably gravitate towards it, and their connection with this continent be come both real and Important. Throughout the whole of Mr. Parsons'* references to the Northern Territory there ran an undercurrent of regret that it is so little known and so persistently misunder stood by those who have the control of its affairs. At times this was allowed to come to the surface, and was emphasised in the strongest manner. It cannot be denied that the complaint is justifiable, and that fuller and more accurate information is exceedingly desirable. For very many yean it was universally believed that the interior of the continent was an arid waste. Such repellant descriptions as that given by Start of the stony desert which baffled all his attempts to penetrate, have been widely circulated, have obtained a place in standard geographies, are taught In schools, and so nnquesUoningly ac cepted that the dislodgment of erroneous impressions is hedged about by all kinds of difficulty. Hence such lectures as that of last evening are of all the* more importance as means of public education. It is not flattering to our vanity to be told in such plain terms a* those Mr. Parsons employed that our administration of the Northern Territory has been an almost unbroken series of mistakes, but it may nevertheless be wholesome. Though, as he said, the initial steps to found a settlement on the northern coast were ill-judged, needlessly costly, and at the time irritating to in vestors, the fact remains that faith was kept with the public. The task was perhaps almost beyond our strength, but despite its severity it has never been abandoned. The steps of the greatest of Australian explorers, to whose courage a graceful tribute was paid, have been followed by the electric wire; a com mencement made with the railway; and a splendid site secured for the city which must of necessity be the one great entre pet of the northern tnde. What has been actually accomplished is not a little, even in the light of what remains to be done. It was clearly apparent that Mr. Parsons was much freer in speaking of the errors of the past than of the necessi ties of the immediate future. He was not in a position to expound a govern mental policy, though he felt free to indi cate the general lines on which it ought to be framed. He supplied a needed corrective to the crude notions of some politicians by showing that the Territory cannot be sold to pay our national debt or any part of it The title on which we hold ft does not admit of any Buch operation. His chief contention was that the facts should be better known and appreciated both by legislators and their constituencies. This he seemed to think would supply the necessary motive for such legislation as is required and guide it in the right direction. The laws relative to land and mining, to the constitution of the courts, and especially with regard to the influx of the Chinese, were named as demanding Immediate at* tention. On the laiv-named polnthe empha sised the Impracticability of Port Darwin continuing to be the onjy Australian port in which Asiatic imnug.'ation Is free. Besides legislative acts he pleaded for a bold and energetic policy of development, urging that the squaring of a balance sheet should not be held as the n$ pltis vltru of administration. One feature was very strongly marked. After several years' experience, during which he has familiarised himself with a large portion of the country, his faith in its future is stronger than ever. The facts he pre sented go far to justify the sanguine view he evidently wished to be taken. Agri culture he confessed to be a continual disappointment. Gold-mining is what Adelaide people are slow to believe in after the losses they made during the mania which at one time prevailed, but the mineral wealth of the country is un deniable. Five tons of solid gold have been exported. The auriferous region extends over a hundred miles. Copper, tin, lead, and other metals are abundant. Extensive deposits of silver await develop ment ; and the opinion of the Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods is that for variety and extent of mineral treasures Arnheim's Land would be difficult to parallel. The pastoral interest has already progressed beyond the stage of experiment, and with such facts as these to expatiate upon Mr. Parsons bad good grounds for urging the point on which he most strongly insisted. The lecture is not only season able as a contribution to public know ledge, but ought to lead to revived in terest in the Northern Territory, affect legislation for it and the administration of its affairs, and stimulate the judicious development of ite vast resources. Thebe is much that Is strange in the revelations and charges contained in the New South Wales Asylums report pre sented last week to Parliament, but nothing that can compare in inexplicable ness with the methods pursued in the investigation. It is easier to describe the facts which have excited so much widely spread Indignation than to exactly appor tion responsibility for the delay in bring ing them to public notice, so that security might be given that the causes which pro duced in many cases acute suffering and in some cases even death should cease to operate. The board were appointed last year, and on November 23 had so far concluded their laboss as to necessitate but a single additional j sitting. But that sitting was not held until March 28 of this year. The sus pension of proceedings In the interval was due to a number of circumstances. When the investigation was on the point of reaching a close Dr. Ashburton Thompson, who with Mr. T. K. Abbott, S.M., and., Mr. Robinson, inspector" of charities, constituted the board, was with drawn from the work of enquiry In order that his attention might be given to an outbreak of typhoid at St. Leonards. By a curious conjunc tion of circumstances the staff of the Government Printing-office was tempo- , rarfly reduced in December, and theboud were told that it was impossible to print their report for some ???t?t*i? Another sonrceof confusion and delay arose at the end of the same month, when Dr. Thomp son was put in charge of the Preussen's innallrn>T patifirtfl wt **"? quarantine sta tion, where he remained for six weeks. By *M? timft ?li?j*wnm t Mr, Abbott^ on fof board in consequence of the expiry of the leave of absence from magis terial duties obtained for the express purpose of the enquiry. When the character of *^*tt ??mA?t3 disclosed in tf?q? report is contemplated the interference with the board's work which caused so serious a delay in taking action cannot but be deplored. If the board railed to properly impress Mr. Dibbs, who was then Colonial Secretary, with the urgency of the case, and the fact that they had only one day's additional evidence to take, then for whatever cruelty and neglect may have been perpetrated in connection with the asylums during the long interval the board are obviously responsible. If Mr. Dibbs had any reason to anticipate the magnitude of the disclosures he was to blame for not demanding at least a progress report, which would have enabled him to act at once instead of leaving action to his successor in the present Government. As regards one of the gentlemen who form the board, his appointment is at least unfortunate. Sir. Robinson has been put in the position, in which no human being ought ever to be placed, of being a judge in his own case. He had just before the commencement of the en quiry furnished in the course of his duties a report, in which he attested the satisfac tory working of the institutions in question. The arrangement was not quite proper by which he was asked to confess that when he said the working of the asylums was all right it was actually the reverse, or else to adhere to liis statements and take refuge in the time-honored plea that the facts were wrong and he was correct. la supplying a different report from that of his colleagues, and toning down the features so painfully conspicuous in theirs, he has adopted the course that might hare been expected. .Mr. Dibbs can, as in fact he does, plead that in appointing Mr. Bobinson he was igno rant of the full extent and enormity of the irregularities that existed. Bat as re gards the delay in the printing of the report he admits having possessed at the moment when the board suspended its sittings sufficient knowledge of the disclosures to satisfy him that the atrocities had by that time ceased. Yet no action was taken by the late Government to punish the wrong doers, or to prevent a possible repetition of their conduct. It is clear enough that in the Newingtonand the two Parra- j matta asylums reported upon there was ! insufficient nourishment and Inadequate attendance, and that the requirements of fiaimiinffffl were far from being suffi ciently observed. The Vewington insti tution has a specially black record. The meals were irregularly served and badly cooked, the cancer patients " not being supplied with knives and forks had to feed on the beds or the floor like pigs ;" i dead bodies were left lying for many hours among the living; the bed linen | was unchanged for several weeks to gether; the wardswomen were cruel and heartless, inflicting violence which in one case resulted in death, and though many were so ignorant as to be unable to read and write, they had unlimited control over poisons. The poultry bred on the premises, and milk, sugar,] and medical comforts, were kept from the patients, and the scanty food was disgustingly prepared. The manage ment of the asylum, foe male paupeta in Macquarie-street, Paramatta, was hardly better, for here again patients ate re ported to have died from starvation, and atrocities were perpetrated which, would be " degrading to the most inhuman raca of savages." The remaining asylum In vestigated, viz., thatin George-street, P*r ramatta, contrasted favorably with to* others, bnt the matron and assistants work under disadvantageous conditions. Thar revelations altogether are so sensational that Sir Henry Parkes declines to admit their probability, and talks about the appointment of another commission. ? It has not altogether been aatasfactorily. ex plained why the board made their knowledge of the atrocities, bo profound ? secret for many months, bat Sir Henry Parkes sorely exceeded the limits of parliamentary license when he attributed to the board a desire to nuke "a job" of the enquiry in order to accumulate the fees which with their other expenses will amount to £1,000. The late enquiry, whether final or not, can hardly fail to be without permanent good if more effective superintendence Is the result. Carelessness and neglect are of course commoner than gross inhumanity such as is disclosed in connection with the work ing of Hie New South Wales asylums, but the same precautions are requited in the one case as in the other. The lessons to be drawn from the report are capable of a wider application than aa they concern the neighboring colony. It is necessary in all institutions of t-h"* l""*? that the greatest care should be taken in the selection of officials. Ignorance of the ordinary rudiments of education is ? greater disqualification than might at first ; eight be supposed. Constant contact with Buffering produces insensibility in all except die most disciplined minds; and nurses and assistants are at a disadvan tage who have not received from educa tion any training likely to counteract the <W^winrnfrlng-Twflqmpr?> their daily occu-" nation. The temptations to misconduct are very great—uncontrolled power, the ner vous depression consequenton long watch ings, easy access to stimulants, and the callousness to suffering produced by long familiarity. If to these incentives bs_ added a probable security from detection it becomes almost a certainty that a large percentage of the class win neglect their duty. Trained attendants should be em ployed, and. they' should be thoroughly looked after. The system of supervision in connection with the New South Wales asylums has, it may be .hoped, been peculiar to those institutions. Butefiective superintendence is not after all very easy to get. A system of paid inspector ship has not worked very successfully in New South Wales, however it may have done elsewhere. Ordinarily, too, the presence of the doctor is an effective check on irregularities, but it is a cheek which ceases to operate when, as in the' neighboring colony, the doctor gets habitually drunk. Hie security moat to be trusted is publicity, ..which can only be obtained by the frequent visitation of sympathetic and disinterested persons, it would not of course be possible to throw open destitute asylums wi&out; any re striction to the visits of persons actuated by mere curiosity. But auch evils nugfit be avoided by requiring some such con dition as a pass from a magistrate or some other T""""** authority. There can be -no question that a >"i?ftftd publicity of this kind would absolutely prevent some of the worst of the cruelties that have created in Hew South Wales so much indignation. At present it seems - easier in that colony to discredit the statements of the board of enquiry than.' to devise means for remodelling the insti tutions in question; but whether those statements are exaggerated or not, it would have .been impossible for any foundation for them to have existed if all observation except that of a drunken doctor and of a not too zealous inspector had not been *p^"tf^. The iaane of a "Record of the Mines of South A uatralia" by Mr. H. V- L. Brows, the Government Geologist, which has just made its appearance, comet at a most opportune time. It v not too much to say that the discovery of Teetulpa was the dawn of a new minim; era for this colony. The event was the signal for the spreading out over the country of hundreds of prospectors, some of whom have been fortunate, while others, are atiil searching hill and creek for signs of the precious metals. Xfot much in the way of opening out teen can be done at present, owing to the want-of capital for such work, but that ultimate success is assured is the opinion of everybody who is acquainted with our rocks and whose opinion is of value. In the meantime an authoritative work giving a description of all the mines which have been worked, and in many cases references to the geological characters of die various dis tricts, will be very acceptable. It will act as a guide to the prospector when ?v??min. itlg Country in th? rirjnlfcy r^f nM miiwam^ mnfi to some extent will instruct him as to the most likely spots to contain mineral lodes. That is if he is not over come with the feeling that by adopting the book as a guide he will have too wide a choice of ground, for truly the cumber of mints referred to is almost be wildering. They are to be counted by hundreds. Gold, copper, silver, lead, bismuth, iron, cobalt, manganese, and nickel are all represented, and a cursory glance at the work would convince a stranger that South Australia is already the rich mineral - producing country which her friends hope and believe aha will one day become. But notwithstand ing the great quantity of material which he had at hand, Mr. Brown has carried out his work ot compilation and observa tion in a systematic and conscientaous manner. ** Ihpr"i|** >ya'Tmnyftfniff^"''^*'^'*" of each mine and diggings, generally short, but complete in itself and suffi ciently explanatory to enable a novice in mining matters to comprehend it. Not the least valuable part of the work is the preface, which is really a abort essay oa the history and prospects of mining in the colony. Sir. Brown indicates that there. is abundant scope for mining enterprise here, particularly in connection with the. precious metals; but he considers we have three drawbacks, viz., tha scarcity' of wood and the lack of. water ia the northern districts, and the higli rate of wages which affects erery part of the colony. He deals some what at length with the bad manage ment which has prevailed, express ing an opinion that promoters and managers are frequently ignorant of the first principles that govern the accu mulation of ore deposits. He also gives some wholesome advice which it is to be hoped will be acted upon by mining speculators. Altogether the work is very welcome, both from an nintnrioal and a miner's point of view, and Mr. Brown is to be heartily congratulated upon the result of his labors. A meeting of member* of BKlume?b coa- WdbytheHoii. A. Oatt, HJ^TudMeacta. C. C. Kinwton, M.P., and T. Bmgojne, M.P.. w? Eeldftt Hie Hoaae of Assembly oa Obnnday ?ftenKKMi. TbMewaa?goodaU?na ance, and the Hon. A. Cktt {trended. *Eha onlrqnertion dealt withwu that of pwmeat of membecs, and it ia ondentood out a deoigion yia ajawet Hi affinnhig fta jWwWW' noli of introducing a Bui into the House of Assembly to give effect to this principle at an early date. Several of those nresent were favorable to furnishing a synopsis of the pro ceedings to-tfae press, but finally a motion was carried prohibiting any communication bding made. The Boyal Water Commission appointed to confer with the commissions of Victoria and New South Wales with regard to the waters of the Biver Murray met at the office of the Com missWer of Crown Lands on Thursday morn ing. Nearly the whole of the members of the commission werepresent, and the Commissioner presided. It was decided that the commission should inspect &c; Biver Murray and its tribu taries to the toundaxy, wd vistt the Bookmark lands which are proposed to be included inthe irrigation works. It was at one time suggestel that members of Parliament should join ttie party, but owing to the limited accommoda tion that wOl be available it was decided that the commission should go alone. The party | will leave Adelaide by the afternoon train on Monday next and proceed to Morgan, where a special steamer will be waiting for them. The visit will probably extend over a week, and in view of inspections being made of various parts of the bud skirting the river several saddle horses will be taken on board the steamer. | Since his arrival from the Northern Territory the Government Resident (Hon. J. L. Parsons) has been in daily communication with the Minintfa- of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) on matter* connected with the future of our distant possession. Among other things dealt with has been the proposed Bite forthe rail way station at Pabneraton, and it is understood thataspot has been selected. Nothing further, however, can be said on the question at pre sent The subject of the mining regulations and the land laws of the Territory have also been discussed, and as a result of the con ference between the Minister and the Govern ment Rnmdant Bills will probably be intro duced into Parliament at an early date making the amendments suggested by Mr. Parsons. Mr. Geo. Chaffey states that bo far he has not received any intimation of the alleged objection of. the New South Wales Government to -his firm using the Murray waters for the MQdura irrigation scheme. He presumes that even 3 Sir Henry Parkes does object to their taking fiie waters it will not affect them as it will be a question for the Victorian and New South Wales Governments to settle between them. The fact of no communication having been made to him convinces Mr. Chaffey that there ia nothing in the matter. He leaves for Bookmark and Chowilla on Monday, and on his return hopes to be able to impart informa tion as to the progress made. At a meeting held on Tuesday evening, which was attended by several members of PaVfisment and other gnntimnnn. a discussion took place en the quesbon of tf"> vacancies in thedental District for the Legislative Council. Efforts were made by the meeting to procure the Centzal District, and ""u??^l —?— were mentioned, but no decision was arrived at. If two gentlemen can be secured to cany out the views of the gathering, which are said to be of ?a protectionist character, they wfll receive, it is stated, a strong support. The Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cock turn) communicated with the Victorian Go vernment on Thursday with reference to the ocean mafl contract. So far nothing fresh has txanspned. The steamier Albany, which was lying at Albany, Western Australia, at the time when Lord Bra?sey'B famous yacht, the Sunbeam, ?called there, arrived at Port Adelaide on Thursday. Captain James Anthon informs as that while lying >t Albany Lord Brassey had an interview with him as to ttie must suitable place for bis vessel to anchor during his visit to South Aus tralia. Lord Brassey expressed a desire to have the Sunbeam placed in such a posi tion as would allow his family to go aahorewnenevertfaeypleased. CaptainAuthon told him that Port Adelaide was the moat rntttMn r*"*?. "** later on Lord Brassey saw Captain Quin, of Port a*A??l who was on a visit to Albany for the benefit of his health. Captain Quin says Ijard Brassey expressed his surprise at having received invitations from the mayors of Port AiUlm^ Semaphore, and Glenelg. and also from the South Anrf^iiwi "YachtTHnb, to bring his vessel in one irmtannti to theGlenelg anchorage, and ia the others, into the Port Adelaide harbor. He could staidly understand why the people should take euch a very great interest m the matter, but pmmmart that it was owing to local affairs, and be desired to know where he eoald find the most suitable berth for his vasseL Captain Quin, who it should be mentioned officiated as harbor-master at Port Adelaide for upwards of thirty yeses, pointed out to the owner of the Sunbeam the advisablenaas of taking his craft up the Port Biver. If she was anchored off Glenelg, where she would be ex posed to wasteili (rales, days might elapie before he would be able to take the ladies ashore, and if he went up the river the chances were that she would obtain a very comfortable position at the buoys without having any vessels lying alongside. After some further conversation Lord Brastey definitely derided intake his craft into the harbor. TheSonth Australian Yacht Club is in receipt of a tele gram on the matter stating that he intends to ?come up the Port Biver. At the meeting of the Marina Board on Thursday a report was received from the f njui i?fa^M^frf- Him air.?^?j||i^ Marine De partment on the subject of eeunen's runners. The superintendent expressed his surprise at the action of the Maritime Labor Council in endeavoring to persuade the Treasurer to abotif b the runners. They had given every satisfaction both to the saQncs eadmastan, and their licenses were granted at the request of several shipmasbas in order to save them the trouble wbeVreqmring crews of going from bouse to house in anarch of men. During the year 1886 the runners engaged only 443 seamen between them, and from these they could certainly not have made a living, but they had other employment. Should the Government consider it CTpertwnt to ahofaah the runners, toe BOggettioD m favor of appointing a servant to the office was worthy of conadention. Mr. Mneeke observed that the board was not -wedded to the appointments. The runners were licensed in conawinence of reptasentatiuus having been made to the board that seamen -were placed at a disadvantage in ?"???"??*'??? with the boardinghouse keepers. The Chair man remarked that the appointaaents wees made in response to the request of a deputation of agents and shipmasters. The arrangement bad been in crristence for a great number of years. Mr. J. Nefll pointed out that f oreign going ships did not take men belonging to the Seamen's Union, and it was in connection with such vessels that the runners were principally -employed. As a rule seamen were engaged without being required to jpay anything. Before they arrived at any decision in the matter the board should be supplied with further infor mation. He suggested that the shipping matter should be asked to prepare a statement showing what proportion of the seamen en gaged during 1886 had been taken by British vessels registered in Port Adelaide, the number taken by foreign vessels, the number of vessels that sailed from the outports, by whom the shipping fees were paid, and how many of the men engaged possessed permits or discharges. After aome further discussion the suggestion was adopted, and the matter will be further considered by the board at their next meeting. In contradistinction to the express train which left Adelaide on Wednesday wifliont any first dan passengers, that which left Melbourne the same day, and reached this city on Thursday morning, had a full com plement in the boudoir car. AU the berths were taken up in Melbourne by 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and for the first time since the express team has been running the carxromYictoriawasfuU. On one occasion only there has been a full train from here to Mel bourne. There were a considerable number of passengers by the Snrat who came by rail, and thus gamed a day, as the mail steamer left Melbourne on Tuesday. Our Gawler correspondent writes respecting the Itsrc??i Gcidfields as follows .—"Sim's rush hat by no means turned out the ephemeral ru?h that was predicted ?f it Taere are still a good ssany miners at work, and the place shows no signs of decadence. The waifs and strays and the discontented ones hare railed np their blankets and departed, and those who mean steady work are left. I find it difficult to get at results, bnt occasionally I do hear of wfaatujgoing on. There are a few who are unfortunate, as there always are on the best of diggings ati the best of times. On Thursday May 19,1 interviewed Mr. Chellaw. a minet wmle together were very successful. They have parted company for some time, and Mr. CheHow is working on his own account. He hat three claims, one on the hfll and two on the flat. He has been working there for some tune. He showed me the result from the washing of three tubs on Wednesday. There was three quarters of an ounce of nice gold, fine and coarse. He had also'in another bottle between 3 and 3 oz. of gold obtained daring the week. It consisted of pieces from 6 dwt downwards. He said that last week he sold 2oz.2dwt.,and the week before 6 oz. 18 dwt. The biggest piece he obtained weighed 17 dwt. 1? **: ? F<?,* lon? tim 6 *>>* average earnings have been £14 per week. This speaks wen for the diggings. Mr. Cfaeuow has work for a long tone to come. He is not alone in fau good fortune. There are many who are making a good living, and some who ?? doing fairly well. Tie told me of one man, whose name I may not mention, who has washed as much as 6 oz. to the loai. In a former communication I said that I was in formed that 2 Id. of gold had been offered for a claim. A correspondent in yonr contem porary laughed at it and eaid it was misleading. Any of the claims I hare mentioned above are worth more than that amount. The reason why some are unfortunate is that the gold wash is difficult to follow. Ordinary diggers unacquainted with the ground only take the wash close to the bottom, whereas the gold bearing wash is sometimes on the bottom and sometimes three feet np. In ccnsequenee of this many really good claims have been given ap. In the deep-sinking the pomps are being fixed, and sinking will be renewed directly. Old diggers acquainted with the country are confident of the discovery of a deep lead.'1 The wholefof the carriers who struck at Messrs. Semen Bros, establishment, Hind marsh, have resumed work. There is nothing fresh to report with respect to the curriers formerly employed by Messrs. John Reid and Sons, who are sow on strike. A meeting of the Curriers' Society will be held either to day or to-morrow. We hear that Mr. John Hodgkiss is Buffeting from a severe illness, the result of another paralytic stroke. He was somewhat leas restless on Wednesday night than pre viously, bat he is still in s critical state. The following are the Adelaide passengers booked to leave by the M.M. steamer Yarra, which Bails for Marseilles to ? day:—For Mauritius—Mr. J. Crmkshank; for Marseilles —Messrs. W. A. Anderson, F. Chauvet, and James Williams. The Hon. EL Scott informs us thatso far asheis aware nothing has been done by the Melbourne directors of tie National Bank of Australasia towards vetoing the election of Mr. Everard and himself as local directors of the bank in Adelaide. The committee of investigation recently appointed have been in communica tion with the Melbourne directorate, but no reply has yet been received. The Conservator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown), who has returned from a visit to Kapunda, states that he expects that the work of tree-planting, on which aome 40 men are engaged there, will be completed by the end of the week. This will necessitate the discharge of the men, but Mr. Brown hopes to be able to find employment for at least aome of them at tree-planting on the railway reserves and sidings. The secretary of the Marine Board at the meeting of that body on Thursday hud upon the table a return show ing the balances of loans remaining to be expended on deepening operations on April SO. The figures were at follows:—Port Adelaide, £27.34?0b. Bd.; Port Pirie, £10.294 Is.; Port Augusta, £2,909 os. 5d.; and other outports, £2,336155. Id. Sight tenders were received on Thursday morning at the superintendent of public buildings office for additions to Government House, The tender of N. W. Trudgen was the lowest. The additions will consist of a small supper-room. This will be provided, by boarding-in with matchboard the rear veran dah, and will cost about £150. This is an im provement which is greatly required. Another seance with the Yanyarie "ghost '* is thus described by our Cradock correspondent, writing on May 18:—" On Monday afternoon several residents drove down to interview the Yanyarie spirit, including Mr. Button, Mr. Linda, Mr. Haywood, Mr. Beed, and others. All together then were about SO present. The knocking was again heard, although not so loud as on the two preceding —?gi?tM Those present are all convinced that the noises are most unnatural, and that no human agency is employed. The child was to be removed yesterday to Black Bock." A slight accident occurred on the Glenelgline on Wednesday evening owing to some dirt from the road having become lodged between the points near the Terminus Hotel, in Jetty-road Glenelg. This presented the points, which are aeU-acbns-, from closing properly. An engine ran ?& the Une in consequence, and delayed the 7.30 am. np bain about a quarter of an boor. No damage of any kind was done, but the man in charge of the paints has been suspended. This is the first casuality of such a description that has occurred on the Glenelg lines for a good many years past. *IV. A. CL Mit>?4?n Twfnfm. Qg ft,?s JQQ Qal£. fomian quails arrived here on Wednesday from New Zealand for the Zoological and A?rf;^?. tisation Society. Four or five dozen of the birds will be kept in the Zoological Gardens, and U is probable that the remainder wflTbe distributed in various parts of the colony. The following animals will arrive by the R.ILS, Bengal to-day:—A pair of aoudads (a kind of sheep f^mi in Northern Africa]^ a pair of Persian ibexes, a pair of black bucks, a pair of wapiti or whistling deer, and a pair of cranes. On Monday a urge Am?wii?vi black bear and two pans of bloc aad yellow macaws are A remark made by Bishop Goe during his recent visit to Geekag caned considerable anmawneut (says the Melbourne Herald). Mr. Harwood, ia welcoming the bishop oa behalf of the laity, "?""*~* ?*??* ?i mmJstirr mnld nut do much wiUKKit the co-operationand sympathy of the laity. The mtniator was like a dog's tail and the laity formed the body, anditwas the body that wagged the taiLTne bishop ad mitted that the illustration was a good one, and that the wag of a dog's tail always pro ceeded from the body. But in the case of the church, be contirmnrt with a merry twinkle in his eye, it is very often that the tau wags the body. The following probates and letters of ai minntratioo were granted at the Probate Office, Supreme Court, during the week ended Thursday, May 19:—Probates-B. B. Haber mam, near Taaimda. £780: Mirhanl Shear. Quorn, £100; OG. Pin*. Bydney, £tS6; Bobert Davidson, Tothfflii Creek? £1461 Thomas Leitch, Adelaide, £100; E. J. Hodg- Idnson, £1,800; Barah Hocking, AA-t-J^., £700. Letters of Administration —J. H. Allen, North Adelaide, £100 ; John Robinson, North Adelaide, £4; Elizabeth Jam Da 7£ Unley, £200; Bobert Whinham, North Ade laide, £360; Maria Appleby, Adelaide. £50; Robert Oattirity, Cargo, N.B. W. (utercokcaal), £200. A meeting of the South Australian Coasting Seamen's L nion was held in the Working Men? Asforaation Hall, Port AdJ.^ on Monday evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. X. McGulivray occupied the chair. Three new members "were elected, making the total number on the roll 57L The Currier's Society wrote informing the union that some of their members were out on strike, and ?"'"-tttng the union's sympathy. The secretary was in structed to reply, stating that the union warmly sympathised with the strikers, and if they wished any pecuniary support the union would help them. The receipts ""?intfnl to £22*. 3d. A return of the land sold during the month of April shows an absence of cash sales. The credit sales amounted to £1,727 6i. 6d., the area being 1,727 acres 6 roods 6 perches. The total payments on account of land during the month were £4,602 25., of which the following are particular*:—Amount paid into the Trea sury, £10; completion of purchase of 1,6162 acres, under Act 14, of 1868-9. &c;, £1,730105.: payment of one-fourth purchase-money, £333 16a. 5d.; payment of portion of purchase money, £1,44610*. 3d.; payment ot deposit (10 per cent.) on account of purchase-mooer, Act 393, UE6, £172 155.; extension of"credit for purchase-money, £540 6a. 3d.; ?rfa?ni'ffn of credit for half purchase-money, £5 Us. 7d.; interest on overdue f-")?wntn. £373 lls. Id. A (proclamation in this week's Government Gazette abolishes the following quarantine grounds :—No. 18. The whole of section B<s in the hundred of Ooonatto, in the occupation of Mr. D. Cony. No. 30. The whole of sections 89 and 101, in the hundred of Narridy. in the occupation of Mr. Frank Jolly. No, 34. The whole of section 390, in the hundred of Andrews, in the occupation of Mr. Andrew Dowd. No. 35. The whole of allotment 1, township of Spalding, in the hundred of Andrews, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas H. Dunstan. No. 36. The whole of sections 117 and 118, in the hundred of Baldina, in the occupation of Mr. John Morgan. No. 37. The whole of allotment 329, in the township of Hawker, in the occupation of Mr. 6. Gadd. It is rumored in the Melbourne Law Courts (says the DaCy Tdegrapk) that an action for damages is shortly to be brought against the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company under the following circumstances:—Recently a gentleman got on to a dummy car at the Spencer- street station, and when going down the decline in that street he dropped his stick. The can was travelling pretty swiftly at the time, yet he attempted to jump off to catch his stick. The guard seeing this, and knoving the danger of such a course attempt of the guard -to preserve him from being either killed or m??^, Aad now it is said that she man infrmrts suing the company for damages, on the ground that if their servant —tiie guard—had left him alone he would have escaped injury. The Temora correspondent of the Syiney Evening XTcw has sent the following sensa tional story to that journal:-"A youngUdT visiting a young married lady in Temora who bad been recently confined, took the new baby from the mother to nurse. While so engaged a huge dog of the mastiff breed, which hadbeen chained at the back of the house, got loosed coming to the front rushed open-mouthed at the nurse and baby. The brute seized the We cktfaes and threw both to the^ouud. The mother, with a scream, rushed to the rasouejw&en; the maddened brute turned upon her. The savage animal would have torn her to pieces had- not the husband providentially appeared at thatmoment ontheac?ne. Hetoofc m the situation at a glance, seized a billet of trood, and struck the infuriated dog on the head, laying the brute senseless atnis feet. He then took, down a gun and. ahot the dog dead. Grave fears were entertained for the mother in her weak state, but aha is now re ported to be doing well." On Tuesday evening a number of gentlemen assembled at the Sir John Frankun Hotel, Kapunda, to bid farewell and wish success to Dr. Pentiand, who, after having practised in the district for several years, was on the point of leaving to carry on business at Jamestown. About 20 or 30 gentlemen sat down to an oyster supper under the presidency of Mr. J. Shakes. Mr. W. Listen proposed the health of Dr. Pentiand, and the sentiments he expressed were heartily endorsed by all present. Dr. Pentiand briefly replied, and thanked every one concerned for the cordial way in which they had spoken of him that evening. Dr. Pentiand, though not prominent in public matters, was well known in the town, and was very much liked by all who knew him. He has given his services gratuitously to the local hospital for some time, and in other ways he has made himself an almost universal favorite among all classes of the community. He goes to fill the vacancy at Jamestown caused by Dr. Patten's return to England on account of ill health. The committee for the encouragement of native industries met at No. 2, Pirie street, on Wednesday, May IS. There were present- Sir S. Davenport, K.C.M.G., Hon. Dr. Camp bell, M.L.C., Hon. S. Tomkinson, M.L.C.. Mecsrs. F. BaseJow, M.P.. Then. Scherk, M.P., J. H. Baggier, M.P., R. Horn burg, M.P., F. E. H. W. Krichauff, M.P., Councillor Wfllcox, and Mr. W. B. Wilkinson. The following resolution was unanimously carried:—"That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that the assistance of the Government should be obtained for the purpose of forming abroad a company or companies for the exporta tion of wines and finite from South Australia." Sir Samuel Davenport submitted a draft proposal containing a number of valu able suggestions for the basis upon which com panies should be formed, and after an animated discussion the committee adjourned until Saturday next. The following paragraph, which we take from the Toowoomba Chronicle of May 13, will be interesting to some of our readers, as there are relatives of the persons mentioned in this colony:—"As briefly announced in our tele grams of Tuesday morning, Mr. A. M. Nesbit was the successful competitor for the prize of 50 guineas offered by the Brisbane Musical Union for the best ode to celebrate the Qoeen'a jubilee. There were ox competitors, two from Brisbane, one from Toowoomba, one from Mackay, one from Sandhurst, and one from Melbourne. The judges were Dr. W. 3. Byrne, the Hon. W, H. Wilson, M.L.C.. Merars. B. T. Jeffries, W. G. WOlmore, and S. Kaye. Queensland has held her own, and Toowoomba has maintained the reputation of the colony. Mrs. Barlow, of the Grange, is the authoress of the words to which Mr. Nesbitt's music is set, and we heartily congratulate both on their success. The verses are graceful and appropriate to the occasion, and according to the judges the music must be equally meri torious." The Hon. J. L. Parsons, Government Resi dent in the Northern Territory, delivered a lecture on that part of the province under his control in the Town Hall on Thursday before a large audience, and under the presidency of his Excellency the Governor. Mr. Parsons has lost none of the fluent and impressive delivery which distinguished him as a member of Par liament and as a Minister of the Crown, and his lecture, which lasted over an hour and a half, was beard with close attention. It dealt* with the Territory in all its different phases, and was of a distinctly hopeful character as regards the futureyof that vast estate of over SOO.milliou acres. The lecturer insisted on the necessity of public men in South Australia familiarising themselves with the circum stances of the Territory, and of treating this part of the colony henceforth in an inteUigmt manner calculated to develop its resources. The lecture concluded with interesting and humorous sketches of what Mr. Parsons saw during his recent trip to Hongkong, Saigon, Java, and other places in the East. A correspondent who has spent fifteen months in Western Australia writes strongly advising people not to go to that colony in the hope of roakmg a good living there. In the first place be points out that it is the custom for employers of labor in the country districts to pay tiie men either in goods or in notes upon the local storekeepers or pnhlioan. who are as a rule unwilling to meet them with hard cash, and prefer to eetUe in goods. A bank would not look at them for a moment. Tne store prices of articles of every day use are also veryhigh. He found this to betbecsMatbotfaGeraldton and Northamp ton. At the latter place be says things are m a very poor state indeed, and the miners would be glad to come to South Australia if they k could get a chance to get away. From Northampton to Goal Alley is *fr nT??~ as a poor stretch of country, the mines at the latter place five in number—being held by men who keep about eight miners there, who are paid what their masters choose to give them. Our correspondent went from that place to the Murcnison Biver, about 60 miles distant. Here there are several stations on which blackfeOow? are employed as shepherds. Hare also the prices for aU sorts of stores are vary high. On the Upper Irwin then are several peatorausta, who treat the aboriginals in their employ very kindly. One of the most amusing papers in the April magarines is contributed to the Century by Mark Twain, who, under the bead of "English as She is Taught" praswta a marvellous array of answers alleged to have been made by pupils in American "public schools" to their teachers. A future citizen of the United States (remarks the St. Jamas QazttU) can apparently define a Bepuhlioan as "asinner mentioned in the Bible," and a demagogue as "a vessel ???^i"<"g beer and other liquids." Of the r— ft—nritifri samples we prefer the ingenious definition of a circle as " a round straight line with a hole in the middle;" of the geographical, the asser tions that "Buaue it very cold and tyran nical," and that "Ireland ia oalledT the Emigrant Isle because it is so beautiful and green." The pearls of history are numerous and precious — <.?;., "by the Salic law no woman or descendant of a woman could occupy the throne," and "the middle ages come in between antiquity and posterity." -As a specimen of literary history, take the statement that "George Eliot left a wife and children who mourned greatly for his genius." The science of " Physillogigy uto study about year bones, sfaimmidr, and ver tebry." It teaches, for instance, that " the gastric juice keeps the bones from creaking." It must be added that the questions of the examiners are anmnfames almost as foolish as the answers they elicit. The Victorian Vegetable Products Commis sion at its meeting on Tuesday examined Mr. Joseph Boaisto, M.L.A., who gave interesting information relative to the producing capabili ties of much land that ia now regarded at almost valueless. Thejtpereporti:—Mr.B:sisto expressed himself strongly in favor of ?i?Mnfl line reservations of Una exclusively for the cultivation of the wattle, which he said was a most valuable tree for industrial purposes. ppifyiyi*^ could poiintillcfli WaUCu vrooXd bo very saleable in any market. He promised to write an extended statement of the methods of distil ling scent from flowers, and to mention therein such varieties as had come under his notice in Victoria which were suitable for the purpose. The eucalyptus oil factory carried on by his firm he stated to be a profitable business, in which be paid away over £3,000 annually in wages; and he remarked that much money ?might be made by the cultivation of drug plants indigenous to Victoria, and the sale of their essential oils. Seretsl samples of the soils of Spain and France, where the best wines and clarets of those countries are grown, were pro duced by Mr. Bosisto, and described as a guide for the election of suitable localities for the cultivation of the vine in Victoria. All these samples were of a sandy or calcareous nature, and remarkably poor material on which to raise anything else than vines; but Mr. Bosistosaid that the opinions of experts were to the effect that colonial wines were too earthy in taste, on account of being raised on specially rich ground, and that until that peculiarity was eradicated our product could never compete with that of Spain, France, or the Bhine pro vinces of Germany. The Colonial Office, through the Treasury, has forwarded to the Marine Board a copy of a new edition of instructions which has been, issued by the Board of Trade with reference to the surrey of paisenger accommodation, crew spaces, lights and fog signals. Some of the narasxaal>eyapotws^_wUtfrej)rsKum?jedJt?<wi comply with the regulations are sometimes removed after the surveyor has inspected them, and that at some ports lanthoms are let out for hire at a fixed tariff, are placed on board for the surveyor's inspection, and an removed as Boon as the Festal on board of which the surveyor sees them has ob tained a clearance at the Customs, bo that one set of lamps does duty for several ships. With a view to the identification by the surveyor of lanthoms already passed he is authorised to indelibly impress some part of the lanthorn in such a manner and with such a mark as may from time to tune be fixed by the board of trade. He should be careful boat it does not impair the efficiency of the lanthorn. It should be impressed in a place where the sur veyor is sure to detect traces of it if it is re moved." One of tie new clauses states— "Where trawlers and other sailing vessels whose gross registered tonnage does not exceed 80 tons cannot with safety and convenience of working carry their side lights on stanchions they may be carried in the rigging, provided that the surveyors are satisfied that they are so fitted as to show the lights for the djsbwoeand. in the direction required by the regulation]. This is not to be allowed in the case of steamer*." Some information is aim fnren svs to the selection of lenses for lamps. For ? considerable time put the shipping business of Port Adelaide his been falling off, and the records of the last few weeks show not the slightest eign of improvement. It is not I an onusnsl thing to see upwards of a couple of miles of wharf entirely empty save for the few coasting craft which manage to eke out bat a precarious livelihood. On the last day in January the total number of vessels in harbor was C 5, of which 46 were coasters, with a total tonnage of 2,650; sixintercolonials with a total tonnage of 2,039, and 13 were extra colonial*. On February 28 there were Cl vessels in harbor, of which 46 were coasters with a total I tonnage of 3,620, ten intercolonial craft having a total tonnage of 6,293, and six extra colonials with a total tonnage of 3,510. At the end of the following month the total number of vessels in the Fort, exclusive of hulks and lighten, was 51, of which SS were coasters with a total tonnaire of 2,643, seven were intercolonials with a total tonnage of 4,692, and six were extra colonials with a total tonnage of 5,997. The number of craft in harbor on Thurs day, exclusive of hulks and lighters and vessels under 20 tons register, was 45. Of these 39 were coasting vessels with a total tonnage of 1,931, nine were intercolonials representing 3,861 tons, and seven were extra colonials with a total tonnaee [of 6,705. The Portonians, notwithstanding the present somewhat gloomy aspect of affairs, are hope fully looking forward to a bountiful harvest, in which case the wharfs will again assume a busy appearance, and the huge number of men who for a long time past have been out of em ployment, will again draw wages for wheat stowing and the shipping of other produce. What is likely to be a cause cflibrc in I England will probably be tried during the piesent year by certain persons claiming to be heirs to the Whaddon Hall estates. The Manor of Whaddon and Mash is of remote origin, for William Gifisrd, Earl of Bucking- i ham, was granted the Manor of Wadone by William the Conqueror. He founded about 1084 the Cluniac Priory of St. Faith, at laongueville, in Normandy, and bestowed upon it the church of Whaddon, the tithes of the demesne lands, and of his woods, pannage, and venison, and all other profits from his woodlands and pasturage in Whaddon. The manor and appurtenances descended to Walter, second Earl of Buckingham, on whose death the same escheated to the Crown. It was granted by Henry 11. in 1173, to Humet, Constable of Normandy, and descended to his son, William Humet, who was deprived thereof by King John, and the latter granted it to William Earl of Arundel, and it again reverted to the Crown. In 1243 Henry HX granted it to John Fitz- Geoffry. The estates can be traced through many bands down to the year 1761, when they were in the possession of Thomas James Selby. He died unmarried in 1772, having by his wifl, made in 1768, devised these estates to his right and lawful heir in fee-simple, for the better discovery of whom advertisements were to be published. Ko one, however, has proved to be his right and lawful heir. It appears that all the members of the Selby family who are now living, and to whom the testator was a member, retained the services of a Mr. Aldred, of Camberwell, a gentleman engaged in re search, to compile such a pedigree as includes eveiy branch of the testators family. Mr. Aldred las in consequence compiled a huge pedigree, either tracing each branch down to seme living person or shown the extinction thereof, la this way counsel have advised that the court mutt elect from the numerous claimants such a person as will be deemed to be the right and lawful heir of the testator; Re cordahavebeenfoundwhichhithertohave either been suppressed or unknown, and among these documents an some original declarations of persons now deceased proving the concealment of, and tampering with, registers and other records. Owing to this startling evidence, and the fact that the pedigree is 48 square feet in size, and the evidence in support weighs seven! hundreds weight, the case will un doubtedly be more notorious than the Tich borne trial. The estates are valued at £3,000,C00, besides a fund in Chancery derived from accumulated rents and profits. We understand that Mr. John Couplaad Selby. State school teacher, of Halbury, in this colony, is a claimant. Accord ing to the Argus another claimant to these estates is resident in Victoria, in the person of Mr. C. Aldred, caretaker of the Albert-park Wealeyan Church. Mr. Aldred, whose eldest son is Mr. H. Aldred, of Park street, South Melbourne, is a native of Hull, in Yorkshire. He is 70 years of age, and came out to this colony 26 yean ago. He has in his possession papers, such as copies of pudigreet, Ac, whkh it is held show him to be the heir, and he and his family have all along bean £ra> in contending that the assumption eoald be established if the funds were forthcoming to take the necessary proceedings. The want of tnffirinat means has till now prevented Mr. Aldred taking action in support of his chum. Two or three yean ago a Melbourne firm of solicitors expressed martini— to take up the case on certain terms which Mr. Aldred could not satisfy. On the receipt of newspapers by the last mail the family detenxuaed upon making a definite effort t> wards putting in a claim to the property, and Messrs. MaQeson, England, and Btewart, who have been consulted, have received in structions to conduct the necessary enquiries in England, search the various registers, &c;, and satisfy themselves as to the grounds on which the claim is based. It may be stated that Mr. Aldred is the only surviving son of James Belby Aldred, who dud at Hull in 1843. James Selby Aldred made a claim to the estates about 60 yean ago, but was precluded from persevering througu want of food*. He was the lawful son of James Aldred, who had married one Elizabeth King, the daughter of Bobert King and Elizabeth King, whose maiden name was Selby. It it declared that the latter was second cousin and lawful heiress of the The*. James Selby, on whose demise in 1773 the estates went into State custody, and it is affirmed that she, some time after Thos. James Selby'sdeath^inprose cution of her claim, proceeded to Whaddon, and tried to obtain possession. Miss Edith O'Gorman lectured at the Ga wler Institute on Wednesday afternoon and evening. The attendance an each occasion was small. A team of p-'ayers from the Adelaide Foil ball Club will leave Adelaide for Melbourne on Wednesday next, by express train, for the purpose of playing a aeries of matches in Vic toria. Nearly ail the leading men in the dub have been able to obtain the necessary leave of absence. "Harbor Lights" drew another good audience, including many country visitors, at the theatre on Thursday evening, when the applause that greeted the principal characters showed that the popularity of the play has in no way diminished. There will be a special train from and to Mount Barker this evening. A preliminary announcement with respect to the season of Italian opera to commenca at the Theatre Royal on July 16 appears in our advertising columns. The subscription season will be for 30 nights, and the prospectus will appear in a few days. The subscription lists are now open. It was reported at the City Watchhouse late on Wednesday night that a man named Wil liam Bonn, in the employ of Mecsu. Brucaand Aldridge, had been knocked down by a hone and cab in Roadie-street east some time pre viously. It appears that Bohn was proceeding to get into a car when he was thrown heavily to the ground by a passing cab. Constable Walch picked him up. and in'twiiwiflly had him conveyed to the hospital. His injuries at first did not seem serious, the face only appearing a little disfigured, and no danger was appre hended, but he now lies in a somewhat critical state at the hospital, and at any rate will be unable to leave that institution for some time, A concert in aid of the St Peters town clock was given in St Peters Town Hall on Thursday evening before a moderately lazgs audience. The programme consisted of 14 items, many of which had much merit. Three pieces were encored, namely, "La Partorella " (Tyiolese) by .Mrs. Johnson James, "Daisy" (vocal polka) by the samelady, and "Anchored" (song) by Mr. J. H. Reed. Mrs. James in an especial degree deserved the reception accorded her for the skilful manner in which she controlled her voice, which ma particularly noticeable in "Daisy," a piece of some difficulty. Among the other items especially deserving of mention were two violin eoloa by Herr A. Schroder, who wielded his bow with great ability: two songs by Mr. J. Birmingham were also given in a highly praiseworthy manner. The following is the remainder of tfcai?rwjr*?K"\\*.- ?*Nsanwrf -?be gSuW^ (song) by Mr. J. H. Reed- ''Reveil dcs fees " (pianoforte solo) by Mr. W. R. Pybus; and "I fear no foe" (song) by Mr. J. Wotherspoon. An entertainment in aid of a destitute (amity will be held in Trinity schoolroom this evening. The annual general meeting of the Commercial Bowing Club uifl be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel this evening. r A meeting of ladies and gentlemen interested in the women's Jubilee fond will be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Willunga, this afternoon. A meeting to consider the advisablenegg of ererfing a monument to the rnemarv of the late sir. C. U. Jen-is will be held at Jackman'a dlning-rooaia this evening. 