mvuiiffellcnl JLutlieran . Clmrcli. Inauguration Sorvloos. On Sunday last quite an orcnt took placo iu connoction with otu Gorman colonists iu tliiB town and district. It was tho opening of tho nowly erected Evangelical Luthoran Trinity Church in Humo-strcot. This placo of worship stands on an half-aero allotmont on tho east ern sido of Humo-stroot, at tho soutliom end. Tho ground has boon fenced in by mombors of tho congregation, and on Sunday along tho front fenco was fastonod a row of gum sap lings which roliovcd tlio site of its natural barenoss. Tho church itself is a woodon structure, built in what may bo termed tho Luthoran stylo of architecture— that is, plain and substantial. Tho main building is entarod through a porch, aud at tho roor is a vcBtry measuring 12ft. by 14ft. Tlio church is coiled, and lined, and furnishod, with polished pino seats. It measures 45ft. by 25ft. and at tho eastern end is tlio rorcdoH nnd pulpit. Running across tho western ond and ap proached by a staircaso oloso to tho main en trance, is a gallery for tho choir and for tho general publio. This measures 12ft. in width and 25ft. doop. Tlio pulpit and niter aro decorated in crimson plush with gold fringes. In tho contro of tho altnr is a print of tho Saviour and above tho pulpit is auother print descriptive of our Saviour iu tho tomplo. Tho pulpit itself is on a lovel with tho gallery, nnd it in approached by a flight of stops leading from tho vostry. Tho building, togotlior with tho land, has cost about £450, a littlo under half of which has still to bo rained. On Sunday morning thcro was a largo attondanco of Germans at tho now church, in celobration of tho event tho sacred edifice was neatly decorated with flmvnrR. wreaths, and festoons. Tho church was opened with tho usual observances. Tho Kov. A. Sfiltmann, tho President of tho German nnd Scandinavian Lutheran Synod, assisted by Pastors llcltnuth, of Maryborough, Khronkc, of Ipswich, Burghardt, of High- fields, and Gussling, of Laidloy, conducted tho services of tho day. These rov. gontlomon, in canonicals mot tho church wardens in front of tho porch, and Mr. Carl Voelker then handod tho key of tho church to tho Rov. A. SiUtinnnn. who, aftor a fow ap propriate romarks delivered in German, gavo tho key to tho Rov. J. Kolinko, who oponod tho door in tho namo of tho Father, Son anc Holy Ghost. Tho congregation thon passcc I in and took their scats. Tho Rov. J. ICohnko conducted tho Borvioo at the altar, tho.drapo of which boro tho inscription in Gorman toxt "Komnt her Zu Mir alio dio Ihr Muhsolig nnd boladon Boid loll will Each crquieken, which translated is tho boantiful toxt " Coino unto mo all yo that lnbonr and aro heavy laden" &o.; Tho liturgy of tho Xmthcran Church, was road aud somo of Luther's hynms, accompanied by the church band, woro chanted, thoso " Ein teste Burg, ist nnsor Gott " nnd " Alein Gottindcr Hifii being rondored with groat oarnostness. Tho church was duly consecrated by tho Rov. A. Siiltmann, who pronched au appropriato sorinon from tho 12th nnd 13th vorscs of tho 30th Psalm. During his address, which of courso was spoken in Gorman, ho alluded to tho groat difficulties and tribulations tho mombors of tho now clinrch had been callod upon to onduro through thoir severance from thoir old connoction. Tho Lord, howovor. had been good, and given thom ft now Bothol, and ho hopod thoy would ho dovontely thankful and pray for thoir brothron with whom thoy coula not sco oyo to oyo. Subsequently tho Rov. J. Kbhnko preached from Psalm 4, verso 4\. Ho delivered a most improssivo sermon. During his disconrso ho roforrod to tho un pleasant times which had of Into boon experi enced in Toowoomba, but God had boon their guido and led them out of tho paths of pleas antness into what hu (tho preacher) hoped would provo to bo paths of pcaoo. At ono o'clock a cold collation was sorved in a marquco adjoining tho church. About 200 woro present. In tho aftornoon tho services woro continuod by Pastor Holmuth conducting tho Borvioo. Tho Rov. Mr. Burg hardt also dolivorod an address, and appro priate hymns wero sung. In tho ovoning tho services woro continued and concluded, whon Pastor Goftsling was thclprouolior. Collootions woro mado during tho day and thoy amountod to a vory respootablo total. Tho sorvicos woro most enthusiastic throughout, and tho tenants of tho now ohnrch nro to bo sincoroly con gratulated on tho rosult of . thoir onorgotio notion unci solf-dcnying labours. 