CHAPTER HI. Mr. Grateful Pennyboy, Town Crier, Pound keeper, Collector of Market Tolls, and Overseer of Eotherham Moor and Common Eights, adds a few words to the story. The world, so the stadj of history and travel teaches us, is a place of strange and yjritd experiences where things extraordi nary and hardly to be believed are con tinually a haDpening of. Nov, the country town of fiotherham is an epitome of the world, and many is the wonderful thiogas has oconrred there within my memory. Ops ond downs, battle and murder and suddeu death, scandal and goaBip and rumour with her thonsand tongues, sedition, privy con spiracy, and rebellion. Ob, I assure you, Grateful Penny boy has seen a many startling episodes. Being a publio character they was bound to come under my notice. The man as sits in the quiet privaoy of unofficial life knows little or nothing of the oonflioting elements of human greed an(j weakness ana ambition and sin eternally raging around him, outside of the charmed circle of his domestic hearth, as it were; he lounges in the shade, so to speak, but the publio character, be he what he may-fown Crier, Poundkeeper, Collector of Market Tolls, and Overseet of the local Moor and Common Rights, that's the individual who perforce sees something and hears more of the tur moil and strife of the daily existenoe of man kind. A party like him of whom I speak is in the *' thick of it," as it were, there's no sporting with Amaryllis in the shade for him, be has to figure prominently in that fierce light which beats about a throne, as the poet rather neatly puts it. I am exactly that sort of party. Being a public character and fulfilling in my own person the whole of the numerous highly honourable, though certainly not overpaid, official positions above recounted - I am bound to be that sort of party. And that's how it is I come to be so much sought after by tbe nobility, clergy, and gentry; by the historian, the antiquarian, the archaeologist, and the distinguished visitor to Rotherham Town or Rotherham Towers in search of information. They all end by coming to Grateful Pennyboy. I may say, without vanity, they gravitate towards me. I am the living embodiment of all the sooial news of the neighbourhood: if some distin guished strangers desire to find out anything connected with the town or country, or asso ciated with the history of any of our great families he is told by tbe innkeeper or barber, aB the case may be, to "go to Grateful Penny boy, our Town Crier, Sir ; if he oan't satisfy you nobody can. Go to the fountain-head, Sir, Grateful Pennyboy, our Poundkeeper, he is the reservoir of all our local facts. The worst of suoh metaphorical epitaphs as "fountain- head" and "reservoir" is, how ever, that people who have no poetry in their composition are ipt to confuse the illustration, and one too literal London news paper reporter so far got mixed in his meti phorB as to address me as " Old Gasometer!" Of coursehe made a mistake, but I think it was a trifle rude on his part to laugh in the unaccountable way he did when I explained to him it was probably " reservoir" or "fountain-head" he meant. Unfortunately, too, the name somehow clung to me, and when I was opposed (unsuccessfully need I add) last election in mv candidature for the post of Overseer of Rotherham Moor and Common Rights the hoardings were placarded with the indecent enquiry, " When is Old Gasometer going to bust up ?" However, a publio character must expect some such little persiflage as this in the course of hiB career. Therefore under the circumstances as above detailed by me it is not a surprising thing that Mr. Keuban Leatherhead, the eminent London solicitor, should come to me to assist him in compiling an account he is now getting prepared of the events connected with the strange disappearance and as strange return of Sir Iristram Broad mere, Baronet, of Rotherham Towers. Mr. Leatherhead is a chatty, pleasant gentleman, and £ have nothing to say against him, though I am sometimes disposed to think he is rather too fond of hearing his own voice, and fancies he knows more than better-informed people can teach him ; but these are weaknesses I have frequently observed in lawyers. Still I must confess there is nothing BO objeotionable to me. It is a fault I always endeavour to avoid myself, and that's why I suppose I notice it more in others. I don't know whether my worthy friend though a little starchy and stand off- Mrs, Blumpett, housekeeper at the Towers, has mentioned that old Sir Gilbert Broadmere's only son Algernon did not live to inherit the title. He married young, underage, in fact, and in course of time had one son, the present Sir Tristram. Then both Algernon Broad mere and his wife died of fever at the To svera where they lived during their brief married life, with Sir Gilbert. In addition to Algernon, the old Baronet had also one daughter, Mibb Gwendoline, who married Mr. Joshua Pigott, an extremely wealthy London stockbroker, and considerably his bride's senior in years. Mr. and Mrs. Joshua Pigott bad a daughter, likewise named-after her mother-Gwendoline, and when old Sir Gilbert loBt his son and daughter-in-law and found himself a lonely widower left in charge of an infant grandson and heir-apparent, he asked Mr. and Mrs. Pigott to come and make their home with him at the Towers. And the place being within a convenient travel ling distance of the city, and Mr. Pigott having for some time ceased to take any leading active part in tbe vast fiaanoial operations of his firm, be agreed to the old Baronet's proposition. And so it came about that abont fifteen years ago, besides Sir Gilbert, there were residing at the Towers, the young grandson Tristram Broadmere, together with Mr. and Mrs. Pigott and their daughter Gwendoline, a pretty little brown-eyed child, about the same age as her consin Tristram. I am aware that these facts are somewhat dry reading, but it iB best to be accurate, and genealogy does not admit of entertaining flights of fancy. Now, about thie period of which I am speaking onr quiet little town of Rotherham was viBited by a travelling quack calling himself Dr. Elderberry. He first aopeared on onr fine wide market hill one Monday morning juBt when the brazen-throated pur veyors of Yarmouth bloaters were loudest in their endeavours to attract custom. He came driving rapidly up our main street named after the first gentleman in Europe, George, of blessed memory-seated in an extremely apick and span little mustard coloured gig drawn by a four-in-hand team of ribbon-bedecked and bell- jingling Spanish mules. Fixed to the seat of tbe tag and expanded above his head was a huge mush room-like white umbrella, aronnd the edge of which was painted in fiery red and blue letters "Dr. Elderberry's pills and unguenc." X was busy at the moment trying to extraot the weekly toll from a skinflint of an old cheesemonger, who always appeared to ooa slder he ought to get his stall for nothing, when I heard a rattle of wheels, a clatter of pattering hoofs, and a musical jingle of little silver bells, and looking hastily round saw this extraordinary character preparing to alight, while a diminutive page boy clad in olive green and brass buttons sprang from, I knew not where, to hold the heads of the leading mules. Said tbe new arrival, with an exaggerated bow, "I believe I have the honour and leasnre of addressing Mr. Grateful Penny oy, who worthily fills the dignified office of toll-collector of this buBv market. Permit me to band yon my modest contribution to the revenues of this highly intelligent town. Dr. Elderberry, sir, and-er-allow me-a small wen, I perceive, on the nose. Pardon mr, jnst one gentle application of 4 Uncle Humphries' Unguent;' repeat it night and morning for a week, and next Sunday morn ing when yon go to your looking-glass to ehavc-your wen, where ia it?-wended away"-and he pressed a box of his precious "unguent" on my acceptance, "as a douceur," he murmnred. And then with another magnified bDW he gracefully remounted hia gig, put down the advertising umbrella, set one toot on the seat of his trap, and looked around him quietly, with a whimsical smile upon his lipB, for folly ten minutes, saying never a word. And truly he was a real handsome man-about 30, I Bbould think, but it was hard to guesB his age; tail, lithe in figure, and with a well-knit athletic frame, dark ourly hair and beard aid extraordinary brown eyes-a gipsy sort of a looking man, but more refined and intellec tual- looking than any gipsy 1 had ever seen. He was dressed in Bedford cords and a brown velveteen jacket and waistcoat, and wore a bluespottea " birdseye" necktie and a tall white hat with a black orape band round it. And be displayed a diamond ring upon his little finder which sparkled in the sun light with all the colours of the rainbow. By this time quite & small concourse of our wonder-loving townspeople and surrounding country folk had gathered at the spot, loBt in openly expressed admiration of the sleek mules, and filled with curiosity as to the exact nature of the gorgeous stranger's mission to our town. Then ho stooped, took from under the Beat of his gig a green baize bBg, and produced from the bag a violin and bow, and with two or three of those ex cruciating squeakB and blood-curdling scrapings with which all fiddlers are wont to prelace their performances, Dr. Elderberry started off into a mad, frolicsome dance tune, which soon set all the folk a-jogging, 1 never saw such a lot of nid-nodding old marionettes in all my life as the crowd looked, beating time with their hands, sway ing their bodies to and fro, shuffling with their clumsy feet, and ready at a signal to go capering off in a ridiculous fandango round and round our market hill, while this cool beaded quack played on faster and faster with b yet moro rollicking, devil-may-care time and rhythm, until the very b tones in the streot were fit to get up and dance, and even the Yarmouth fishermen ceased their jargon and interchange of compliment, and stamped about not ungracefully under the mysterious influence of this strange music. Then he stopped as unexpectedly and sud denly as he nad commenced, and every man Jack of them all in that motley crowd looked his neighbour foolishly in the face as ashamed of his late involuntary testimony to the rosgic sway of the bow. " Now, gentlemen," said the fiddler quack, <7we \Tl" try aud do a little business, but judging by WIS lively gaiety of your move ments just hbw I don't fancy you require my assistance, and if co part of my niigsiort to your charming town will have to be re linquished. But I think I see an old gentle ma^ over yonder to whom I can do a little ?fcrvicj, jib, sir," addressing an old farm labourer of the neighbourhood, do you never, when Btoopiog to pull turnips on the hillside there, feel as though ycu will never be able to get your back straight again; aB ihpugh your backbone wonld have to remain curved, like Dan Cupid's bow, for tho rest of your natural life ? Ah, I thought so," as the old gaffer gave a grunt of assent, and a laugh went round tho crowd. " I thought so. Now eliall 1 tell you what is the only true and reliable balm in Gilead for you, my venerable patriarch! I have it here in my ambulance cart; take it, and forget that you have a vertebra, and when your friends and fellow labourers in the vineyard (that is to say, in the turnip-field or the mangel- wurzel head land) ask of you what made you to skip like the hart upon the mountain tops, then answer them truthfully, and say, 'Doctor Elder berry's "Every Englishman's Emollient."'" And thus glibly running on amidst a chorus of guffaws and sarcastic crics of "Go it, you cripple," the quaok handed down a small bottle of dark-looking oily mixture to the old tnrnip-hoer, who came forward, bowed with the weight of years and lumbago, to receive the precious gift. This quack-this Doctor Elderberry-made such an impression upon me, and was so racy and humorous aB well as original in his re marks, that I eat up late that night and one t>r two nightB alter to write down tne gist of bis speeches. For he Btayed in Botherham the best part of the week, it being race week, and as usual a good number of visitors and strangers in the place, fie usually gave before his oration a tune on the violin, and never did I listen to Buoh playing t he could make ns all do just exaotiy what he chose-laugh and cry, and jump about like a lot of midges in a rav of pure sunehino. It was all one to him, from grave to gay, from lively to severe, ae the poet not at all badly puts it. And then, when he had worked us up to the required pitch, down went the fiadle and out came the little black brass bound box in which he kept his medfeinea. " Who is there among you," he would ask, "that has a dull pain in the back, a burning senBation in tho shoulder-blades, a sharp twinge in the right or left elbow, a feeling as though his shinbone waB turned to coke and would snap and crumble with any extra exertion ? Let suoh a one come to me and purchase one bottle only of Dr. Elderberry's 'Every Englishman's Emollient,' and rub it on the troubled joint three times a day, and take at night on going to bed two of my 'Pillsof Paradise,' and when he goes forth to bis labour next morning he will feel as though he had left his old skeleton at home behind him in the cupboard, and will spin aloDg as merrily as an old watch with a new mainspring. "Do any of yon," be wonld continue, " suffer from swimming in the head until you feel like a pancake that's going to be bused; have you a sudden singing in the ears as though your cranium were turned into an aviary of hysterical canaries; or do you on huiriedly rising from your armchair on Sun day afternoon, after a good dinner of baoon and beans, suddenly turn dizzy and feel your heart beating against your ribs like a dun knocking at a medioal student's door? Take two of Dr. Elderberry's Pills of Paradise every night on going to bed for two or three nights, and if you don't say they are worth three times the money you paid for them, then, inpratitude, thy name is man." " Have you out your foot with the adze or yonr leg with the scythe or your arm with the sickle, or have you an eld sore or a boil; or, you town gentlemen, have you chipped your chin or half slashed off yonr nose while Bbaving, after a club dinner the night before? The cure for all your ills is here. One box of Dr. Elderberry's ' Uncle Hum phrey's Unenenf will make your flesh as healthy as Noah's pigs and yonr skin as soft as satin and as spotless as a white elephant. This is no ordinary ointment, my friendB. no simple salve. It Is an Unguent, a trne Unguent, Uncle Humphrey's Unguent, and is prepared from a recipe found in the folda of liueti cloth enwrapping an embalmed Egyp tian mummy three thousand years old-nnen tombed by my own Uncle Humphrey; hence the name. Don't forget it, don't be persuaded into using anything else; remember the name and see that it is printed round the box, ' Uncle Humphrey's Unguent,' with a fac simile of the proprietor's signature on the lid-'Dr. Elderberry,'thus -- That's the fashion in wbioh he ran on, and although I must confess a fiddle played as Dr. Elderberry played it is certainly a very taking means of attracting attention, still, for my own part, give me a btlL A good town crier's bell, rung in the style in which an ex perienced town crier can ring It, that's the music for my money, and a good sonorouB 'Obyes! Oh yes 1 Oh yes!' after it I will guarantee to draw as much notice as even your moBt florid Cheap Jack style of catoh penny eloquence. But for sll that, in hia own line Dr. Elderberry was, I must confess, a Btor. Being a public character myBelf, and accustomed to aadreBB ' the manyheaded,11 am open to admire art in others in this par ticular line, and Dr. Elderberry was indis putably a regular oner." i I remember the last day of his " healing j mission," as he called it, in our town. The startling events which occurred the same evening were in themselves quite sufficient 10 impress the time and surroundings upon my mind, even bad the man himself faded out of my memory. It was the Hotherham Plate Day, and_ Dr. Elderberry was making rather a good thing of it on. the common amougst the gaping yokels; but it seemed to me I detected a little flatness, a perceptible lack of the customary piquancy and "go" about his address, and the doctor himself seemed pre occupied and anxious, as though he had made rather a heavy book on the Plate, and felt considerably more interest in the name of the prospective winning horse than in the euuoesB lul sale of his much vaunted pills and unguent and emollient. In fact his jokes fell so tamely that at last he dropped his rule of medicine man, and taking up his violin, assumed the more con genial part of musician. And here I noticed that ail signs of abstraction suddenly left him, and he became strangely full of absorb ing interest in his audience. As the stieam of bewitching melody flowed from his quiver ing bow his brown eye became fixed, and his mesmeric gaze grew intent upon some object on the outer edge of his circle of admirers, I naturally, beiDg a public character to whom the most trivial occurrence must be of inte rest, looked round to see what had thus attracted bis attention, and to my surprise found the fiddling auack was plainly address ing his " peggy oh'a" and biB magnetic glance to the omnibus from the Towers, on the top seat of which sat the nurse, with Master TriBtram and MiBS Gwendoline, The little chap-X beg his pardon, the young gentleinail -waB evidently delighted with the music, and laughed and stamped his feet and nodded his head, to hie cousin, in harmony with the strain, and little Miss clapped her prettily gloved hands, and nodded gaily back again in response, and then a curious thing happened; a tall masculine-looking female pushed her way through, the crowd, and climb>rg UP into the gig, touched the quack doctor upon hia arm and stopped his fiddling. She ,vaa certainly a striking figure-& regular Cleopatra-in " the sere and yellow leaf' of live and fifty year old femininity. 1 really don't thick I ever quite Bet eyes on exactlv such a woman, and, thinks I to my self, if ever Beelzebub had a mother, that's the sort of party she resembled. She was dreetcd all in black, and she had the whitest hair and brownest skin and blackest eyes I ever saw; and her hand when she thrust it from beneath her cloak was so long and lean and wrinkled that it reminded me of an eagle's claw clutching at the fiddler's coat Bleeve. Where on earth bad I seen that female before? And Echo answered "I wonder?" " What is it, Damesaid the quack, quite collected. "Fills of Paradise, (Jncle Humphrey's Unguent, or Every English man's Emollient-ache, burn, blister, or boil, name your bane and Dr. Elderberry will pro duce the antidote." " fla 1 ha 1" laughed the old pereon, and really her harsh, sardonic cackle was scaroely human; " will your ' Unguent' heal a broken heart, or your'Emollient'soothe a wounded spirit? Listen, you chattering fool," and then the gaunt, dark-visaged witch whis pered hurriedly in the quack doctor's ear. Never did I witness such suppressed ex citement, and never did I see a man so evidently astonished and unnerved as was Dr. Elderberry at the nature of the black habited female's communication, whatever it might be. " Sit down, he Baid, forcing the woman to the ofl-Bide seat in his mustard- coloured «ig; then addressing the public with a poor imi tation of his former jocularity he said-" By y'r leave, make way there in front. This lady informs me I am wanted at Windsor Castle. By y'r leave. On Her Majesty's service 1 Hi, hi, hillo," and shaking his long white reins, ana still crying, " Hi, hi, hillo, on Her Majesty's service," lie hurried with the mysterious female off the course. " Police," thinks 1 to myself. " Party poisoned vith his . Pills of Paradise' pro bably," but it Bhows how an ordinarily intel ligent man may sometimes be out in his surmises, for my suspicions were not within a hundred miles of the truth. And yet where on earth had I seen that female before, or, if not she, somebody won derfully resembling her ? Tut, tut; a public character ought never to forget a face. It is proverbial for Princes to forget services rendered to them, but never faces, and whether a man is His Royal Highness or a Town Crier (to say nothing of being also Poundkeeper. Collector of Market TOIIB, and Overseer of Rotherham Moor and Common rights), he is just the same apubliocharaoter, and being a public character he ought never to forget a face-he is bound never to forget one. And yet I confess with shame that I couldn't for the life of me call to mind the identity of that blaok-eyed female not at the moment-no, not at the moment! Well, I have got another reason for re membering that afternoon, apart from its being the Kotherham Plate Day. I think it was without exception the very hottest, most oppressive, and sultry afternoon I ever experienced. Uncommon warm and thun dery it was. Ab I left the course after the conclusion of the races Farmer Bayes enquired of me, " Bit muggy, aint it, ,Mr. Pennyboy; what's your opinion of the weather?" " Well, Mr. Bayes, I prognosticate a storm before midnight, if you ask me." And Farmer Bayes tnrned to Mrs. Bayes and the three MisseB Bayes, and observed, "Mr. Pennyboy progmasticateB a Btorm, my dears. I think as we had better be a movin' towards home, Mrs. Bayes." Yes, most of 'em had con ferred npon me the honorary post of olerk of the weather in addition to my other official dntieB. _ So I went home, too, for Mrs. Pennyboy and I were invited up to tea and spend the evening with htrt. Blumpett in the house keepers room at the Towers. A little starohy, Mm Blnmpett, bat a kind soul and very hospitable. I don't know aa I ever eat better or more tasty Sallyluns than hers. And always a little drop of cherry brandy in the winter or noyau in the Bummer before sitting down, with something hot or cold, according to the season, on leaving. And, really, on snch an evening as that of which I speak the walk up to the Towers was a trifle exhausting, and both Mrs. Pennyboy-dead and buried, alas, this ten years back-and myself remarked that for refreshing of you and pnlliug you together on a warm night Mrs. fclumpett's noyau was impossible to beat Have a little more, Mrs. Pennyboy," says the hospitable, if a little starchy, lady. "Not another drop, Mrs. Blnmpett, I thank you, ma'am," politely answers my wife. " Hut yon will, Mr. Pennyboy?" says Mrs. Blnmpett. "Then it must be just a thimbleful, ma'am," says X. Ah, I lancy I can taste it now. It was a capital tea we partook of, too, and come half-past 9 or a quarter to 10 o'clock, I says to Mrs. Pennyboy, " My dear, it is time we said good night, and pretty smart we shall have to walk if we want to get home with a dry skin." "Do you think we are going to havo a thunderstorm, Air. Pennyboy?" enquired Mrs. Blumpett. " Ma'am, I do," answered I, going to the window to look at the night. X must just mention that the sash was thrown up to let in what little air might be stirring in such a sultry atmosphere, and also to let out the smoke of my pipe, which Mrs. Blumpett always insisted on my enjoying after tea-in the Bummer time, when we could open the window and let the smell of the tobacco out of the room. "Mrs. Blumpett, ma'am," sayB I, "and Mrs. P. just come and look out, it's really the most extraordinary night X ever saw." The housekeeper's room at the Towers was at tbat time on the third floor front of the west hfade overlooking the terrace and lawn and lake, and as the ladies and I stood at the open window the heavens appeared like a great lurid plain, broken up into blank mountainous masses _ of fiery peaks and sombre precipiceB, while down below the big trees in tbe park stood dark and motionless, and the lake lay like a purple pall indistinctly seen through the gathering gloom, And then a strange thing happened. The surface of tbe water became weirdly illumined viith queer, little, unearthly, wandering fires of a phosphoric hue- little tongues of flicker ing blue flame that came aud went and ran bitber and thither and mingled and dis appeared in the most extraordinary fashion. And then as we gazed awestruck at this electrical manifestation a sudden exclama tion from Mrs. Blumpett turned our eyes in another direction, aud there we saw a nijBterious globe of supernatural fire floating slowly, slowly across the ferry about 5 feet above the surface of the water, "The blue flame 1" cried M.rs, Blumpett. " Lord have mercy upon us. The blue flame 1" And then suddenly all the uncanny lights disappeared, and the night became darker and hotter and more eerie than before, " For gracious mercy sake, Mrs. Blumpett. shut _ down the window and draw the curtains," nervously exclaimed Mrs, Penny boy ; " it makes my flesh creep to see all those corpse candles flickering about." And MrB. Blumpett hastily acquiesced, murmuring beneath her breath, " The blue flame, good Lord, deliver UB ; what evil does it portend to tbo Towers this gruesome night?" And as we turned relieved to the cheerful lamplight, old Mr. Bingle, the butler, came staggering into the room as pale as a ghost, end sinking shakily into tbe nearest chair, said, " For the love of Heaven a drop of brandy and curacoa, Mre. Blum pett ; evil spirits are abroad to-night, and the thadow Woman is walking on the west larace again, after five-and twenty yuars." If Bingle looked frightened, Mrs. Blum pett suddenly seemed turned into stone with terror; ber hand trembled as she poured out the brandy on top of the drop or two of curacoa, and her lips worked as though she were muttering a silent prayer. And then there came such a blinding flash of lightning and instantaneous crash of deafening thunder tbat we all four cowed in fear, and uttered nothing excepting an ejaculation of dread. Flash upon flash followed the fiery darts of Jove, and peal upon peal roared the thunder in a grand celestial diapason. And then . Never shall I forget it there came a vivid, dazzling flash that positively c-r-r-ackled round the room, fol lowed immediately by crash on crash and a hideous, splitting, rending, ear-deafening din of the most awful thunder, accompanied by an alarming shock of falling masonry and cracking walls. "Lord preserve us, the nursery wing is struck 1" screamed Mrs, Blumpett, and simultaneous with her cry came a piercing shriek from the adjoining rooms occupied by the young heir and his nurse, Mrs. CollinB. " Collins, help ! help, help, Collins 1" the shriek in poor little Master Tristram's shrill voice rang out above the roar of the storm, and the rattle of brick and stone and thud of dislodged battlements. Bow we got out of the room I cannot re member, but aB we ran terrified through the doorway towards the stairs, high above the shiver of splintering glass and the noise of falling plaster again rang out that childisb Bhriek. . "Collins, help 1 help,help,Collins! Well, to cut a long story short the whole of the nursery end of the house was destroyed laid in ruins aB you see it now. Amiable Mrs. Collins, the head nurse, was found battered and blackened almost beyond recognition, dead beneath an enormous beam amidst the debris of tbe fallen walls; and as for poor Master Tristram, not a singlo trace could we discover of him alive or dead. What a night of anxiety and terror it was to be sure! Sir Gilbert, poor gentleman, well-nigh distracted, the ladies in hysterios, Mrs. Pennyboy falling into one fainting fit after another, Bingle completely collapsed, and nobody with any head upon their shoulders excepting Mrs. Blumpett. While others were suggesting this, and pro posing that, and hazarding all sorts of ridiculous guesses as to the fate of the yonng heir, that remarkably cool and self-oollected woman, Mrs. Blumpett, kept her peace and never ec much as hinted by word or sigo that she had ber own theory aB to tbe disap pearance of little Master Tristram. And, if you ask me, I believe she was just aB much mjBtified and nonplussed as any of us, and if she had any notion at all as to the yonng gentleman's fate, I am of opinion that she imagined he had been burnt to a cinder by the lightning and ernmbled to indis tinguishable ashes beneath the fallen walls. AB to tbe theory she propounded after wards-well, if you ask me, 1 fancy she had Bome inkling of the truth from unknown private eouroes, and was very wise when she knew all about it At any rate she never opened her mouth upon tne subject, while the whole country was on the qui vivt seeking for some clue to the mystery, and following up even the most vague and visionary trace of the lost heir of Rotherham To were. Poor Sir Gilbert did not long survive the weird, inexplicable disappearance of hia little grandson. Death and his pale horse seemed to have made a favourite baiting place of the Towers, and soon there were only left as master Mr. Joshua Pigott, with bis motherlefs daughter, Miss Gwendoline, to keep up the honours of the old place, where the Broadmeres had lived and loved, and laughed and quaffed, and ruled for so many noble generations. 