! THE CAVERQCKS." A TALE OF THE CORH1SH COAST. Br the Auroor. or " John Ilrnnixo, " ' MEnALAD," " CoCXT ItoVAI,," &C.; Chatter LVJI. — Another SnoT. " Here I am, said old Gavcrock, bustling . into the hall with his coat tails pinned for ward; his riding whip in hand, his top hoots on his feet. "Back for dinner after all. I rode right on end into Padstowe, went into the bauk, settled my business, and here I am . again. l(osc, all is settled famously. Con shall have £100 to start with, and as soon as ho gets, to Barbadoes, or Jericho, or Botany Bay — wherever it is that he intends to set up, then ho shall have £900. I've not a word to say against Gorans for sticking up to mo ns lie did last night. If a man has an opinion, let him flourish it, and not throw it away. I respect ' him for it. Gorans will be a man yet. Whoro is he, Rosa ? Tho bell has rung. I heard it s I'came' along the down. Heigh I some' one. ring tho house bell again. Tho boys aro out . in tho stable' yard may be, and so engrossed . in the horses' that they cannot hear. In my : time I was always hearty for my dinner, novcr missed a. meal, and was. first in my place at ' table. Ring' the belli Bat, Rose, we will : begin. I wait for no man. What' is it ? ; Boost mutton ?!' - The squire was in good spirits.; ho talked ; Incessantly during dinner, iotcrrnpting'bis con- ; Tersation at; intervals to inqniro after Gorans and Constantino. It appeared to. Boss that he had ' c'omo round to tho opinion of his eldest eon about giving ' Constantino the large sum asked for hint, oat ho did not -like to admit it ; he pretended that he yielded because the real person to he pinched would he Gerans, not himself, and that he could not stand iu the way of a man nipping his finger in a door if ha chose wilfully to nip it. Base did not share the old man's spirits ; she had been so much disturbed by -Constantine's insolence in the morning, and by the rude awakening of hor conscience that had resulted from it, that she was depressed, and, although she would not admit it to herself, uneasy at the absence of her husband. Gerans had gone to speak in private about some serious matter to Dennis. Was she tho subject of their talk ? Would she ho the occasion of a qnnrrcl ? Had she by her folly nourished the hopeless passion of Dennis, and alienated from her tho heart of Gerans ? Her eyes were red with tears, bnt the Squire did not observe this. "Ban," said she to one of the servants, "run to Nantsillan, and inqniro if Mr. Gerans has been ihere." Tho messenger relumed to say that Mr. Gerans had been there in tho morning, and had gone after Mr. Pcnhalligan, and that neither had returned. After dinner the old man went out to inspect some buildings that were being repaired at the back, and to sco that his cob had eaten her oats and was properly groomed. Bose went to her room. She was restless. She looked at her faco in the glass, and was shocked to sea how pale she was and how red about the oyc3. She soused her faco well with fresh water, and, to distract her attention from her self-reproaches, changed her gown. The room was hot, and'sho could not breathe.. She pat on tier hat and went out to walk on tho down, and fill her lungs with sea-air — and to look for Gorans. "Where aro you going?" shouted the Squire. He was outside tho calves' house, ordering a portion of the wall to be rebuilt. "Going to hunt after yonr husband? Don't you have any fears about him, he and Con have probably gone fishing." She went on, in tho direction of Nantsillan cove, over the track iaken by Constantine that morning. She had no intention of descending the dangerous path. She proposed looking out seaward, on the chance of getting a sight of Gerans and Constantine in a boat. Suddenly Dennis Penhalligan stood hoforo her. He came abruptly on her from tho steep nscent. Dose's heart leaped and stood still when she saw that lie was alone. Ho did not seem to observe her at first. His hat was drawn over his eyes and his step was uncertain. When he heard her call his name ho looked nt her with eyes the expression of which frightened her. "Mr. Penhalligan!" she cried, "for pity's sake tell mc, where is my hnsband ?" His eyes flashed, then faded. He seemed like a man who was recovering from a swoon, who did not know where he was and who was ad dressing him. He opened bis mouth to speak, but only an unintelligible murmur issued from it. Base was seriously alarmed.. His manner was enough to startlo her, her conscience suffi ciently aroused to warn her of danger. la her fear she grasped his wrist, she shook him, and said : " Tell me, tell me, where is Gerans?" Then he seemed to recover himself. His eyebrows drew logetiier, and his eyes kindled. He looked at her with a scarahing glance, and askod in a low tone, "Am I his keeper? What do I enre for him?" Bose let go her hold. She tnrned deadly pale and trembled. Her heart stood still. She looked nt him with terror, afraid to ask more. His eyes fell. He remained before her with his head sank, and his ncrvons hand clutching nt something in liis breast pocket. " Dennis," said Base, " where is he ?" "Yon do not love him, why then do you ask ?" he said, in a hoarse whisper. Then she laid hold of him, fiercely, franti cally, with a hand on cash shoulder ; " Dennis ! tell mc! Have yon seen him? What has happened: Where is he?" "Let mo go," answered he, sullenly, "Gorans will trouble you no more. He has fallen— down tho rocks — into the sea — is dead." Thon Bose uttered a scream, shriller than the cry of tho seagulls. ' You have killed him — murderer !" She was staggering forward to the cliff edge, unconscious whither she went, when ho caught her, and said in a deep, hoarse, vibrating tone : "Why do you cry? You did not love him." " I — I not love him 1" She wrung her hands over her head in tho air. " G Gerans I dear husband 1 my dearest love 1 my only .love I It is not true ; you aro not dead t" "Base ! — von love me." She thrust him away with a cry of horror, aud, turning, ran home, throw herself beforo her falhor-iu-Inwou her knees, and cried: " Ho is dead ! He is dead ! He lias been murdered I O my God, have mercy on me I 0 my God, forgive me 1 " But when she had turned from Pcnhalligan, with a look nud cry of loathing, she, heard a langb'bohind her, a laugh the like of Which she never had heard before, the sound of which in . all her after life alio never forgot. The laugh proceeded from Dennis. Ho had com mitted murder, and Base loved the murdered man. His ill fate pursued him to tho last. Fate played a hideous gamo with him, and mocked him to tho cud. Bose loved Gerans, hnd loved him all along, and had not cared for him — Dennis. Sho had coquetted with him, but had reserved for him no place in her heart. With this torturing thought gnawing at his brain he reached his cottage. "Please sir," said little Butli, "will you have some dinner. There bo cold roast beef and pickled cauliflower." He started and left the hoaso again. Ho must do alone now. He staggered up tho coombo till he come to the spot whore the floor of dead leaves lay, now, as of old, the place where Itose hnd bidden him not despair, He moved like a piece of clockwoik. - From the moment that he saw the white face of Gerans beforo hini in the Iron Gate, and fired at him. to the momont that ho met Boso. on tho cliffs, he remembered nothing. He had seen Gerans, struck by his ball, totter back; and fall from the ledge of rock into the water below, a dark pool left by tho ebbed tide, which the rising tide .was replenishing. . Murderer I That word altered by Bose ham mered in his ear, and would not cease. "He had cpmmittod a runnier. - For- what end? To break tho heart of Boso, and to cover his tonl with an indelible' stain. Whether brought to justiee or not mattered nothing — tho self-re proach, tbo consciousness of guilt, would never leave him, night or day. Dead! Gerans dead I In the stupefaction that followed the first ontbreak of horror this was all that Bose conld repeat. Sho felt everything spin about her. She ran into the hell, without purpose, without knowing whither sho went, and fell on her knees, with her hands pressed to her brow, rocking herself in a stunned state, in which she could think of nothing. She moaned, and the tears ran over her cheeks, her brain was bursting, her heart was contracted with a spasm of pain. So old Gavcrock found her. What was the meaning of her alarm? What occasion had sho for her fear ? Why did sho frighten him without cause? As he spoke he seemed to be turning about the piercing sword that had penetrated to her heart, and with every turn a fresh gash was made. She screamed with pain. ' Bose, he rational," said the Squire. Dead! Murdered ! How dead? By whom murdered ? " " Ho is dead ; I know it," cried Bose. " Murdered by Dennis Penhalligan." " This is nonsense," said the old man. ' Woman's exaggeration and irrational jump ing to conclusions. Why do you say this ? Give me a reason. Have you scon Gerans ? How do yon know he is dead ? What grounds have you for your charge ? Because ho did not return to dinner yon have worked yourself into hysterics. That is it. I know women." Itose somewhat recovered her senses when thus catechised. What would she not have given now to be able to say that she had no grounds for believing that Dennis had killed her husband, no grounds for sup posing that ho bore him enmity ! She, she herself was the causo of the crime ; her vanity, which craved for flatten-, and whioh was pleased witli alluring tn hor such a man as Dennis. She, she herself had murdered Gerans. She had inflamed the heart of Penhalligan against him. She was as guilty of his death as if ahe had murdered him with her own hand. Then there surged up in her memory the recol lection of her nnkindness to Gerans, the cold ness with which sho hnd met his overtures, the bitterness with which sho had reproached him. " I know he is dead. Dennis Penhalligan told me so," was nil sho conld say to her father-in- law. Old Gaverock was angry with her tears, impatient with tho difficulty of getting a state ment out of her month. '! 1 don't believe a word of it," he said. " Women liko to imagine disasters, and enjoy a squeal over them, knowing that tlicro is nothing at the bottom. I'll go to Penhalligan, and learn from him what this means." Then ho strode ont of the. house. Bose remained where she was, a prey to des pair and self reproach. She threw herself in a chair, and wept and prayed, and beat her head. The servants heard her, and peeped in nt the door, and whispered ; then one of the oldest ventured in and spoke to her, aud asked what was tho matter, was sho ill ? She had better have n drop of brandy. "Gonway! Leave me alone! I am not ill 1" She started erect on her kneos, and thrust the woman away with her right hand, with the left in hor hair, which was dishevelled, and falling about her neck. She was as one mad, mad with tho agony of remorse. The servant maid withdrew, but Boso conld not remain where she was, with tho girls talking about her, peering in, and volunteering advice. She stood up, went out of tho porch door, and tottered along the path towards Nantsillan, Hark ! a shot. Sho shrunk in all hor muscles and nerves at the sound. Half an hour passed. She had staggered to the garden wail, and was leaning against that, looking along the path, waiting for the return of her father-in-law. . That half hour to her went creeping along as if each minnto were an honr. Presently she saw Henler Gavcrock rise from the coombc and come slowly along the way towards her. She tried to leave tho wall and go to meet him, but her knees yielded under her weight. Sho was constrained to await him there. One look at his altered countenance sufficed to. conviuco her that her worst fears were well founded. Sho had lost Gerans for ever. Tho face of the old_Squire. was grey as ashes. ... "I cannot ask any qnestions of Dennis Pen halligan," lie said, in a low tone." ' He has shot himself through the heart." cnatter LVIII. — Ox four oars. The old man said no more. Ho went past Bose, towards the house. Hose's tears dried in her eyes. She crept nfter her father-in-law, supporting herself against tho brick garden wall till she came to the spot where Dennis had 6too:l tho evening before, watching her through the window. Vividly did she now see him, ns ho looked at her with his burning eyes. Sho cried out with fear. She fled from tho spot, and stumbled over tho porch steps. Dennis was dead also. Dead — by his own act. Her guilt became deeper,-, blacker, more hideous 1 No' one in Towan noticed her. There was commotion there. Old Gavcrock was sending the men ont to look for Gerans — <>r his body ; and ono fellow rode away towards Padstowe, with loose rein, to summon tho old drunken doctor, and another ran off to tho farm nearest Nantsillan, to get aid for removing the body of Penhalligan from tho glade to his house. Boso crouched on the steps, holding to a granite ball that ornamented the low wall that enclosed them. Her shaino was more than sho conld bear. For some time sho could not cry, bnt at last the tears began to flow again, and as thoy flowed they washed away all the false colors with which she had disguised to herself tho relations in which sho had stood to Dennis, colors painted on with the hand of discontent, vanity and weakness. Sho knew her guilt. She conld no longer excuse hor conduct, and the breath of death blow away all the aslios which bad overlain and threatened to choke tho glowing embers of her real lovo for Gerans. Hitherto Base had lived a dream of pleasure and self confidence. Now she was rudely awakened to see the rain that her thoughtless ness had brought on herself and others. Sqniro Gavcrock went out with bis men, and searched the shore of Sandy Month and Nant sillan Cove in vain. They ran ont the boats and explored the rocks where they rose ont of tho sea.' They conld find no (raco of tho pre sence of Gerans, alive or dead; After a search of somo hours the Squire' camchomo. . Ho bade his men continue their' examination of tho coast ; ho returned to inquire if iluy tidings of his. lost son had reached Towan during, his absence. He found that none bad. Then he entered his study, and threw him self into his chair, to consider what was to be done. He passed his hand over his eyes and brow,' and tho hand shook as he did so. How ever often he made this movement ho was un able to brash away the picture of Dennis lying on the mat of russet autdmn leaves, cemontcd together with the rain and rot of winter, with a pistol falling from his lifeless hand, aud the blood clotted on his breast over the heart. Would Penhalligan have destroyed himself had Boss's accusations been unfounded ? This question insisted on being answered, but ho stroyo to put the question away from him. Why lrad Hose accused hi;n ? Was it only be cause Dennis had informed her of the death of her husband, or did some dreadful mystery lurk boliind this into which he daro net look ? The old man's month qnivcred, as did his hand. One dark mystery after another stoio through his thoughts, unexplained, which he feared to attempt to solve. A tide was rising and surrounding him, and each wave that leaped higher was more threatening than the last. What lny before him? What were tho discoveries that would he forced on him ? Ho hoard Hose's foot in the hail. He would not go out to her. He wonid not speak to her. lie shrank from even looking at her. To what extent was she responsible for what had taken place ? He dared not ask her, or ask him self ? The ambition of bis life was at an end. In one moment bis pride, his desire, were broken down, liis hopes, his ambitions, had been centred iu his son, and lay dead with him. Suddenly he started back in his chair, and ran it against the bookcase, and sat staring at the drawer of Ins tablo. The drawer had bcoa tampered with. There were marks on it that an effort had been made to open it, and that the lock had been broken. He stood up aud put his hand to the drawer. It opened readily. Tho lock was torn off, the mahotranv braised. The money was gone. Purse and pocketbook — tho purse with the gold, tho pocketbook with tho not03 — all were gone. Who was the robber ? Had this robbery any connection with the loss of Gerans and the self- destruction of Penhalligan ? The nnmbor of questions rising before the old man's mind itud demanding replies was growing and becoming bewildoriug. He was led from darkness to deeper darkness, into night profound. Iln maid went at onco to Constantine. That Gerans had taken the monry did not snggsst it self to him. That Dennis had done so, been caught in tho act by Gerans, that Dennis had killed him to conceal his theft, and then, find ing he could not escape, had shot himself, was a possible solution. But then, whero was Con stantine? Why was he away ? Why had not signs of him been seen ? The brothers had not gone out boating together. Every boat that belonged to Towan was in its place. Where was Constantine to givo them some information about Gerans ? Then,' Bnddenly,' it occurred to tho old man that if Penhalligan had taken the money, tho purse nnd notebook would bo fouad on him. He onght to have remained by the corpse and examined the pockets. But ho had been too alarmed andanxious to find Gerans to cousidor that ; besides, when Dennis was discovered, tho Squire had no suspicion that tho money was takoD. Where was Constantine ? Constantino had wanted the money, He was impatient to have it at once ; he had refused to stuy more than a day. There was a mystery about Constantine. Ho had darkly hinted that he was in danger of arrest for seme crime. The Squire had put this from him as an attempt to extort the money from him by playing on his family pride. But now ho bogan to fear that there was somo truth in tho threat. Constantino had taken money olsewherc, or forged a name. That would explain both his rcticenco and his eagerness to get away. He had not told his parents that ho was alive because ho wished it to bo thought generally that he was dead, and that so his guilt might not bo disclosed. By souie means it had been found out that he was not dead, and he had come home to he helped to c.capc from the country, and now that this help had been delayed he had takoa tho money from his father's drawer, nnd gone. Porliaps this was the slory of Constantine, the old man thought, with a flush oil his brow, and with clenched hands. Butr-wliat had this to do with the disap pearance of Gorans and the suicide of Dennis ? Time alone could solve theso riddles. Then a fresh horror caiuo on him, nnd made him gasp. If Gerans were dead, then his estate, nnd the representation of tho family, tho headship of ttie Gaverocks — 1'oujours sans tavhe — would devolvo on Constantine, on this runagate, this wretch who had robbed his own futher and wife, who was flying from juslico ! What would become of Towan in tho hands of an unprincipled scoundrel, who daro not show hie faco in England ? lie groaned ? Ho would have paid out his lioart's blood to tho last drop cheerfully at that moment, if with it ho could redeem' Gerans from death. Ho com pared, .the .two brothers, so strangoly aliko in frame and build ; and now a flame of real lovo flashed up throngli the thick crust of pride that he had suffered to grow over his heart. Gorans had always been an obedient, amiable son, bad never, given him annoyance, had been ever up right, and true and manly. lie had hot treated Gerans properly ; he had exacted from him submission with despotic authority ; ho had not considered his years, and that ho onght to have taken him into counsel, and listonod to his opinion. Ha saw by tho unsolfishncss of Gerans, with which he had stood forth on behalf of liis brother, that his heart was good to the coro ; he saw by the pertinacity with which -he hold to liis determination that ho was bold whero ho felt ho was right. A fooling of pride at tho recognition of tho merits of Gerans woke up in the old -man's soal, and now the tears began to trickle down his cheeks, from eyes that had not been thus moistoncd from childhood. Alas I no tears, no love, no recognition, would briug back the dead. Sqniro Gaverock went, to Nantsillan. Ho put on his roughest manner to disguise his emotion. Ho found tho house overrun with the curions ; no one was in authority, everyone bad as much right there as another. He drove tbem all oat except tho farmer's wife, Mrs. Jemima Josso, and tho charwoman, and old Alary Tregothnan, who undertook to lay tho body out; all tho gentlefolks liked her to lay thorn out, she explained, she did mako such pretty corpses of them. Then ho. inquired .whether any money had been found in the pockets of the dcAd man,, any pnrso, any note books. Yes, a leather purse had been found that contained a few shillings. Farmer Josso had taken charge ol that as he was constable." Yes, there had _ !j;: been discovered one notoMok ; it was produced f - and the squire saw it was the surgeon's pocket t'; register of his visits and tho maladies of the I patients visited. Mr. Gavcrock made strict U inquiries, and had no occasion to doubt I that this was all. Tho constable, Mr |i Josso, had boon on tho spot when E tho body was moved, and had Ecen and i- taken note of everything tho pockets contained. I The squire placed Mrs. Josso in charge. She > was au old servant of Towan. her husband a ' tenant; Nautsillan was the property of the Gaverocks, and Squire Hcnder was Justice of f tho Peace. He was accordingly obeyed i promptly. Then he returned to Towan. As his face i was directed homeward tho stern and rough ex. I; pression deserted it, and it became liagirardaud distressed. , ; " Any news ?" lie asked. I There were nono. ; " Whero is Mrs. Bose ?" '; "Please your honor, her's upstairs, a-locked i into the bed-room, a-cryiug like blazes. Us have took her up somo tea and toast, but her won't touch it." "Go, someone, upstairs, and tell her to come to me into the study. Tell her I insist on her obedience. " He went into the library and cast himself into the chair. In a few moments Bose catered, so changed ' in face and manner that the squire looked at her some time with surprise without speaking. ! "Rose," 6aid he at last, "are you now , sufficiently composed to answer qnestions in a j rational manner ?" , ! " Sho looked up at him. He thought her eyes filled her face, so largo were they, so ! shrunk was her fresh nnd rounded checks. Her lips moved, but she could not speak. The lips had lost their cherry redness. " Rose," ho said, " toll mo everything yoa know, everything that can help mo to under stand what has happened. There is something behind this to whioh I cannot get, and which you, perhaps, may disclose." " I will tell yoa everything," she answered 6lowly, then paused to gather up her courage and Blrength for the avowal. In that pause she and the old man heard a step on the hall floor that they knew, and held their breath. The stady door opened, and he whom they believed to be dead came in. Squire Gaverock grasped the arms of his chair, and half roso from it. That was Gerans, certainly, before him, and not his ghost, though Gerans looking pale and dejected. Boso uttered a cry, flew to his breast, and threw her arms roand him. " Gerans ! Gerans ! you are alive ! " Her cry was as full of joy and ecstncy of love as the song that breaks from tho throat of a nightingale on a still spring night. It went direct to tho heart of Gerans, who understood its moaning, aud he put his arm round her, and held her to his beating heart, whilst with the other hand he pressed back the white brow that was buried in his bosom, in order that ho might look into her eyes. She dared not yet meet his steady, inquiring eyes, and she shook her head from his hold, and laid it on his shonlder and burst into a storm of tears. Old Squire Gaverock held out his hand. "So, so — a false alarm.' Tlut is well." Ho drew a long breath. " Women ore fools. With my 65 years, golly I I ought to have known better than believe their alarms. Gerans, wo thought yon were dead." " I am alive and sound," answered Gerans, with astonishment. "This is not the first time I have absented myself from dinner." " Where is Constantino?" " Is he not hero ? I have not seen liim." " Gerans, where did you part from Penhalli gan ?" " At the waterfall into the cove. " " What had yon to do with him ?" asked th» squire, gravoly. : "VVith Dennis? oh, wo had a converse tiou." " And an altercation ?" - " Not on my side. I apologised to him fof our conduct to Loveday. I shall spoak about that presently," .... " Do you know what has happened?" "Happened? — to liirn? — no.; I parted from him many hours ago." "Boso charged him with having . murdered you, and he has shot himself." . . ; Gerans stared at his father with horror and perploxity. Ho became pale as death, whilst Boso clung to him more passionately. . He put his band over his oyes, aud tried to collect his thoughts. "I do not understand this," he said. "Dennis has been for some time incensed against us, against me for not taking up Loveday's cause with tho vigor that I ought to havo shown, nnd for something else I need not mention." He felt Hole's arms contract convulsively about him, and heard a sob cscapo her laboring bosom. " And ho has boen irritated with you, father, for sanding Lovodny nway and not acknow ledging her, ns you ought to havedono. Then ensued the disappearance of Loveday, it is possible that poor Dennis's mind has becomo disturbed. I did not think him himself when I left him this morning. I did not tell him plainly, that. Coustantine had returned. I, do not think he had heard of it, or he would have mentioned it to me. I ouly told him that a great-surprise and joy was in store for Love day." " Gerans," said Bose, looking up in his face, through her tears, " dear Gerans, he told mo that yon were dead. Ho had seen yoa fall." "His mind was dieturbod," said Gerans, " poor .fellow I My . God I what, trouble what sorrows como on us." Neithor his father nor his wife had any thing to say to this. A tear come from Geraas's oyo and foil on tho cheek of Bose, tear of sorrow for his friend. Then they heard a tramp of feet, and, look ing through the study window, thoy saw eight mon approach the house carrying four oars crossed on their shouldors, and on the oars lay a body. ; t ' Before the eight men walked another, carry ing a bundlo/ ; _ "They are bringing him hcrel" cried Bose, . cowering into her husband's breast in terror. " Ob, do not lot them 1 Why should they bring him here, this is not liis home. Let him bqtakon to Nantsillan." _ Gerans disengaged himself from her clinging arms.- Ho looked steadily through the .win dow, then ho turned quickly back, and Bald: "Stay, .stay here Rose. Do not loave the room. Father, this is not Dennis. ; Prepare your mind for another nnd worse disaster. He had recognised his red-topped boots ou the legs of tho man who was being borno in by the eight. " Ho knew that . Constantino had pat J them on that morning. | The old squire stood up, trembling like an % aspen, with white face. i| <i God be gracious to us 1" ho gasped. 3 "Giro mo your arm, Gorans. I — find my if foot fail me. Not — it is not — Constantino ?" I In another moment the tramp of tho feet was in the hall. Then with a sigh of relief f the eight bearers put down their bnrden npon ij the long oak dinner table, withdrew tho oars, i and wiped their brows with their sleeves, iij xbe Dmth man placed tho bundle at tho foot f of tho dead man who lay on tho gate — a man 'I in a suit of Gcrans's clothes, with his fine i frilled shirt, and with his red-topped boots ; '-it and with his white face streaked with blood \i from a wound in iheforchead wheroa bullet had J pierced bis brain. In death, Constantino boro | a strange and striking likeness to bis brother, I who now stood nearly as white, and with as ij rigid a face, bending over him. I "Here, your honor," said the man who had ; carried tho bnndlo, " hero be two pocket-books : and a purse us have took out of his coat :: pockets, lest they should fall and ho lost. I reckon they bo chuck fall of money. And ns i he dry, and would like a drop of cider. " 