THE GAYEROCKS. A TALE OF THE COKNISH COAST. CHAPTER LXVIII. ON FOUR OARS. [By the Anthor of " John Herring,' "Mehalab," "Court Royal," &c.J; The old man said no more. He went past Rose towards the house. Kose's tears dried in her eyts. She crept after her father-inlaw, supporting herself against the brick garden wall till she came to the spot where Ucnnis had stood the evening before watching her through the window. Vividly did she now Bee him, as he looked at her with his burning eyes. She cried out with fear. She fled from the spot, and stumbled over the porch bteps. Dennis was dead also. Dead— by his own act. Her guilt became deeper, blacker, more hideons! No one in Towan noticed her. There was commotion there. Old Gaverockwas sending the men out to look for Gerans—or his body; and one fellow rode away towards P&dBtowe;, with loose rein, to summon the old drunken doctor, and another ran off to the farm nearest Nantsillan, to get aid for removing the body of Fenhalligan from the glade to his house. Rose crouched on the steps, holding to a granite ball that ornamented the low wall that enclosed them. Her shame was more than she conld bear. For some time she could not cry, but at last the tears began to flow again, and as they flowed they washed away all the false colours with which she had disguised to herself the relations in which she had stood to Dennis, colours painted on with the hand of discontent, vanity, and weakness. She knew her guilt. She could no longer excuse her conduct, and the breath of death blew away all the ashes which had overlain and threatened to choke the glowing embers of her real lore for Gerans. Hitherto Rose had lived in a dream of pleasure and self-confidence. Nosv she was rudely awakened to see the ruin that her thoughtlessness had brought on herself and others. Squire Gaverock went out with his men, and Eearched the shore of Sandy Mouth and NantBillan Cove in vain. They ran out the boats and explored the rocks where they rose out of the sea. They could find no trace of the presence of Gerans, alive or dead. After a search of some hours the Squire came home. He bade his Ken continue their examination of the coast; he returned to enquire if any tidintrs of his lost son had reached Towan during his abeence. He found that none had. Then he entered his study, and threw himself into his chair, to consider what was to be done. He paesed his hand over his eyes and brow, and the hand shook as he did so. However often he made this movement he was unable to brush away the picture of Dennis lying on the mat of rnsset autumn leave?, cemented together with the rain and rot of winter, with a pistol falling from his lifeless hand, and the blood clotted on his breast over the heart. Would Penhalligan have destroyed himself had Rose's accusation been unfounded? This question insisted on being answered, but he strove to put the question away from bim. Why had Rose accused him? Was it only because Dennis had informed her of the death of her husband, or did some dreadful mystery lurk behind this into which he dare not look? Tho old man's mouth quivered, as did his hand. One dark mystery after another stole through his thoughts, unexplained, which he feared to attempt to solve. A tide was rising arid surrouuding him, and each wave that leaped higher was more threatening than the last. What lay before him? What were the discoveries that would be forced on him ? He heard Rose's foot in the hall. He would not o out to her. He would not speak to her. f le shrank from even looking at her. To what extent was she responsible for what bad taken place? He dared not ask her, or ask himself. The ambition of his life was at an end. In one moment his pride, his desire, were broken down. His hopes, his ambitions, had been centred in his son, and lay dead with him. Suddenly he started back in his chair, and ran it against the bookcase, and sat staring at the drawer of his table. The drawer had been tampered with. There were marks on it that an effort had been made to open it, and that the lock had been broken. He stood up and put his hand to the drawer. It opened readily. The lock was torn off, the mahogany bruised. The money was gone. Purse ana pocket-book—the purse with the gold, the pocket-book with the notes—all weie gone. Who was the robber? Had this robbery any connection with the loss of Gerans and the self-destruction of Fenhalligan? The number of questions rising before the old man's mind and demanding replies was growing and becoming bewildering. He was led from darkness to deeper darkness, into night profound. His mind went at once to Constantino. That Gerans had taken the money did not suggest itself to him. That Dennis had done BO, been caught in the act by Gerans, that Dennis had killed him to conceal his theft, and then, finding he could not escape, had shot himself, was a possible solution. But then, where was Constantine ? Why was he away? Why had not signs of him been seen ? The brothers had not gone out boating together. Every boat that belonged to Towan was in its place. Where was Constantine to give them some information about Gerans ? Then, suddenly, it occurred to the old man that if Penhalligan had taken the money, the purse and note-book would be found on him. He ought to have remained by the corpse and examined the pockets. But he had been too alarmed and anxious to find Gerans to consider that; besides, when Dennis was discovered, the Squire had no suspicion that the money was taken. Where was Constantine ? Constantine had wanted the money. He was impatient to have it at once; he had refused to stay more than a day. There was a mystery about Constantine. He had darkly hinted that he was in danger of arrest tor some crime. The Squire had put this from him as an attempt to extort the money from him by playing on his family pride. But now he began to fear that there was some truth in the threat. Constantine had taken money elsewhere, or forged a name. That would explain both his reticence and his eagerness to get away. He had not told his pareots that he was alive, because he wished it to be thought generally that he was dead, and that so hiB gnilt might not be disclosed. By some means it had been found out that he was not dead, and he had come home to be helped to escape from the country, and now that this help had been delayed he had taken the money from bis father's drawer and gone. Perhaps this was the story of Constantine, the old man thought, with a flush on his brow, and with clenched bands. But—what had this to do with the disappearance of Gerans and the suicide of Dennis? Time alone could solve these riddles. Then a fresh horror came on him, and made him gasp. If Gerans were dead, then his estate, and the representation of the family, the headship of the Gaverocks—Toujours sons Cache—would devolve on Constantine, on this runagate, this wretch who robbed bis own father am? wife, who was flying from justice ! Wbat would become of Towan in the bands of an unprincipled scoundrel, who dare not show his face in England ? He groaned. He would have paid out his heart's blood to the last drop cheerfully at that moment, if with it he could redeem Gerans from death. He compared the two brothers, so strangely alike in face and build; and now a .flame of real love flashed up through the thick crust of pride that he had suffered to grow over his heart. Gerans had always been an obedient, amiable son, had never given bim annoyance, had been ever upright and true and manly. He had not treated Gerans properly: he had exacted from him submission with -despotic authority, he had not considered his years, and that be ought to have taken him into counsel and listened to his opinion. He saw by the unselfishness of Gerans, with which he had stood forth on behalf of his brother, that his heart was good to the core; be saw by the pertinacity with which he held to his determination that he was bold where he felt he was right. A feeling of pride at the recognition Of the merits of Gerans woke up in the old man's soul, and now the tears began to trickle down his cheeks from eyes that had not been thus moistened since childhood, Alas ! no tears, no love, no recognition, would bring back the dead. Squire Gaverock went to Nantsillan. He Dut on his roughest manner to disguise his emotion. He found the house overrun with the curious; no one was in authority, every one had as much right there as another. He drove them all out except the farmer's wife, Mrs. Jemima Josse, and the charwoman, and old Mary Tregothnan, who undertook to lay the body out; all the gentle folks liked her to lay them out, Bhe explained, she did mike auch pretty corpses of them. Then he enquired whether any money had been found in the pockets of the dead man, any purae, any notebooks. Yea, a leather purse had been found that contained a £o w shilling?. Farmer Josse had taken charge of that, as he was constable. Yes, there had been discovered one notebook; it was produced, and the Squire saw it v. as tlie surgeon's pocket n-gitter of his visits and the maladies of tiie Jn'i<iit6 vititcd. Air, Gaverock made strict enquiiisp, and had no occasion to doubt that this was all. 'lbe coiistaule, A5r. Josse, hud been on the spot when the body was moved, and hsd ncn and takm note of cv«.»y:hi.ig iho pockets contained. The Squire pU'jed Mrs, Josee in charge. She was an eld cervant of Towan, her husband a tenant; Nant3illan was the property of the Gaverocks, and Squire Hendcr was Justice of the Peace, lie was accordingly obeyed promptly. Thenhereturned to Towan. As hie faoe wa3 directed homeward the stern and rough expression deserted it, and it bscams higgard and distressed. "Any news?" he asked. There were none. Where is Mrs. Rose?" "Please your honour, her's upstairs, a-locked into the bedroom, a crying. Ua have took her up some tea and tcast, but her won't touch it" " Go, some .one, upstairs, and tell her to come to me into the study. Tell her I insist on her obedience." He went into the library and cast himself into the chair. In a few moments Rose entered, so changed in face and manner that the Squire looked at her some time with surprise without speaking* "Rose," said he at last, "are vou now sufficiently composed to answer questions in a rational manner?" She looked up at bim. He thought her eyes filled her face, so large were they, eo shrunk was her fresh and rounded cheeks. Her lips moved, but she could not speak. The lips had lost their cherry redness. "Rose," he said, "tell me everything you know, everything that can help me to understand what has happened. There is something behind this to which I cannot get, and which you, perhaps, may disclose." " I will tell you everything," she answered slowly, then paused to gather up her courage and strength for the avowal. In that pause she and the old man heard a step on the hall floor that they knew, and held their breath. The stndy door opened, and he whom they believed to be dead came in. Squire Gaverock grasped the arms of his chair, and half rose from it. That was Gerans, certainly, before him, and not his ghost, tkough Gerans looking pale and dejected. Rose uttered a cry, Hew to his breast and threw her arms around liim. " Gerans ! Gerans! you are alive!" Her cry was as 'full of joy and ecstracy of love as the song that breaks from the throat of a nightingale on a still spring night. It went direct to the heart of Gerans, who understood its meaning, and he put his arm round her, and held her to his beating heart, whilst with the other hand he pressed back the white brow that was buried in his bosom, in order that be might look into her eyes. She dared not yet meet his steady, enquiring eyes, and she shook her head from his hold, and laid it on his shoulder, and burst into a etorm of tears. Old Squire Gaverock held out Ms hand. " So, so—a false alarm. That is well." He drew a long breath. "Women are fools. With my 65 years, golly ! I ought to have •' knovrn better than believe their alarms. I Gerans, v.c thought you were dead." " I am alive and sound," answered GeriM, 1 with astonishment. "This is not the first j time I have absented myself from dinner." j " Wiiere is Constantine ? : ' " Is he not here ? I have not seen him." "Gerans, where did you part from Penballigsn?" " At the waterfall ir.ta the cove.' "What had you to do with him?" asked the Squire, gravely. "With Dennis? oh, we had a conversation." " And an altercation 2 ' " Kot on my eio'e. I apologised to him foc our conduct to Loveday. I shall speak about that presently/' " Do you know what has happened ' " Happened ?—to him ?—iio. I parted from him many hours ago." "liose charged him with having murdered you, and he has shot liimeeif." Gerans stared at his father with horror and perplexity. He became as pale as death, whilst JJofce clung to him more passionately. He put his hand over his eyes, and tried to collect his thoughts. I do not understand this," he snid. "Dennis has been for some time incensed against us—against me—for not taking up Lovedav's cause with the vigour that I ought to have shown, and for something else I need not mention." He felt Rose's arms contract convulsively about him, and heard a sob escape her labouring bosom. " And he has been < irritated with you. father, for sending Loveday away and not acknowledging her, as you ought to have done. Then ensued the disappearance of Loveday, it is nossible that poor Dennis's mind has become disturbed. I did not think him himself when I left him this morning. I did not tell him plainly that Constantine had returned. I do not think be had beard of it cr he would have mentioned it to me. I only told him that a great surprise and joy was in store for Loveday." " Gerans," said Rose, looking up in his face, through her tears, " dear Gerans, he told me that you were dead. He had seen you fall." "His mind was disturbed," said Gerans, " poor fellow ! My God I what troubles, what sorrows come on us." Neither his father nor his wife had anything to say to this. A tear came from Gerans's eye and fell on the cheek of Rose, a tear of sorrow for his friend. Then they heard a traoip of feet, and, looking through the study window, they saw eight men approach the house carrying four oars crossed on their shoulders, and on tho oars lay a body. Before the "eight men walked another, carrying a bundle. " They are bringing him here!" cried Rose, cowering into her husband's breast in terror. " Oh, do not let them! Why should tlisy bring bim here, this is not his home. Let him be taken to Nantsillan." Gerans disengaged himself from her clinging arms. He looked steadily through tho window, then he turned quickly back, and said, " Stay, stay here, Rose. Do not leare the room. Father, this is not Dennis. Prepare your mind for another and worse disaster." He had recognised his red-topped boots on the legs of the man who was being borne by the eight. He knew that Constantine had put tnem on that morning. " The old Squire stood up trembling like an aspen, with white face, " God be gracious to us," he gasped. " Give ms your arm, Gerans. I—I find my feet fail me. Not—it is not—Constantine 2" In another moment the tramp of the feet was in the hall. Then with a sigh of relief eight bearers put down their burden upon tho long oak dinner table, withdrew the oais, and wiped their brows with their sleeves. The ninth man placed the bundle at the foot of the dead man who lay on the gate—a man in a snit of Gerans' clothes, with his fine frilled shirt, and with his red-topped boots; and with bis white face streaked with blood from a wound in the forehead where a bullet had pierced his brain. In death Constantine bore a strange and striking likeness to his brother, who now stood nearly as white, and with as rigid a face, bending over him. "Here, your honour," said the man who had carried the bundle, " here be two pocketbooks and a purse us have took ouc of his coat pockets, lest they should fail and be lost. I reckon they be chuck full of money. And us be dry, and would like a drop of cider." CHAPTER LIX. RECONCILIATION. lhat evening when Gerans came to his room for the night he found Rose, dressed as she had been, sitting on the sofa awaiting him. He was late, he had sat up long in conversation with his father. He was sarprised to find Rose not gone to bed. " Oh, Rose," he said, with a little reproach in hie tone, "you will overtire yourself. You should be asleep at this hoar." "No, Gerans, no," she replied. "I could not sleep till I have spoken with you. Tell me, tell me all. You think that Dennis shot Constantine, and then went away and destroyed himself. Why did he kill Constantino?" " He bore him a grudge. Con had behaved very badly towards Loveday. Con had first married her Eecretly, and made her promise not to tell what had been done, but to leave to him the communication to his parents.-He took advantage of her promise, and did not tell any one. Then, when it came out, he hid himself somewhere—where, perhaps, we shall never learn—and allowed Loveday to suppose he waB dead. That was cruel and unjust treatment, and no doubt Dennis felt it keenly ; he was a man of strong passions and resented it. I had been speaking to him in the morniDg on the matter, but I could make nothing out of him. I suppose he was wild with rage becauee he had heard that Constantine was alive and home again. He left his houee armed with a pistol. He went to find Con and ask him his intentions, to know what he meant to do about Loveday. What ensued when they met no one now can tell, but I conjecture that there was a quarrel; Constantine did not satisfy Dennis, and Dennis, blind with anger, shot hiui. Then he woke to the full horror of what he bad done, and destroyed himself." " That is the way in which you explain the whole story T' asked Rose, looking him qaestiouicgly in the eyts. " That you think accounts tor everything ?" "It explains all," he answered, bat with some hesitation. "Gerans," said Rose, with a firmness unusual in ber; "'Geranp, dear husband, no— it was not«?." "tiise!" he exclaimed, and shuddered. " Rose ! enough. It is expUined." " No, Gerans, no. This will not do. You shall know the whole truth. I will not hide anything irorn you. No, Gfrane. i 1 : was not EO t ai!. JJcDcis PeiihallifTan siio: Constantine bt cause he mistook hiu; for \ oa." " Rf su ! Kctc !" " 1 IIUYC UIOIC to say. I u:n guilty—I, even i 'I—of the death of Constantino and of Dennis. It was I, by my vanity and love of admiration, who lured Dennis on till he was mad with love for me and hate ior you. But, ch, Gerans, I swear to you, by" the God who stands above the starry sky, that I have not loved any fcu'c you." "I will Leheve you," he said shelly. "I have always trusted you, I have loved you —in spite of all." "In spite of my folly, my temper, my wicked vycnle !"' she said, and her tears began to .Sow. "Oh, Gerans:; I know now how wicked I have been. Here, in this very room, I treated you cruelly, when you returned with inflamed eyes from St. Ives. You asked me to stay with you. and I would net. I wanted to be avr&y; with the company below." She threw herself on her knees before him. " I am nnworlby of you, Gerans; indeed, indeed, I am." He tried to raise her. "Say no more, Koee. Your acknowledgment of having done wrocg is the utmost you can do toefia.ee the past" " I will not rise," she said, " not till you know everything. I wili tell you all, I will tell you what the thoughts of my heart were, as well as the words I said. I will not be forgiven till you know the truth as clearly as I can put it." " Rose, 1 also have to ask yoor pardon. I was too yielding to my father." " No, Gerans, yoa were rigfet, and I was wrong. Yon did not oppose yotr father because my whims were unreasoaable. You were right not to let me have my own way. Because I bave taken my course it has led me to this." He raised her from the floor, and made her sit by his side on the sofa, and there be, with bis arm round her and her wet face on his breast, listened to the whole story of her frivolity, her play with Dennis—to his coming and standing octosde the window on the previous evening. She told him of the ride to Church on Phoebus, of everything that had passed on that expedition, of her brief repentance in Church, and the return of her bad spirit on the way home. She told him of her foolish jealousy of Loveday; she told him of the kiss Dennis had given her at the well. She bid nothing from him. " But, oh, Gerans, I never, never loved any one but you, and I wanted to make you love me more by forcing you to become jealous,'' " But I was not jealous." "ho, because you could not believe me as bad »E I was. He drew her close to his heart, and the bond between them was resealed, to last unstrained, unbroken, till death. 