Marraweeney. Since I wrote last the roads have been in a frightful state, but now that the council have put sonie mei on to work i'e are able to go into Violet Town. The new embankment was nearly washed away last flood. I told you some time ago those pipes were no good, and" my words have come true. -Another half-hour's rain and the whole would have been washed away. There was a concert and ball held here last Friday, towards paying the balance for rebuilding the Harry's Creek State School that wes burnt down some few months ago. The weather was very cold and wet all day, but cleared up towards the evening. The attendance was ndt very good, about 100 people turning up, and things passed off very well: Previous to the concert, Councillor - Hammond came before the curtain, and introduced to the audience Mr Thompson's Sawdust Minstrels, and hoped that they would over look any little hitch that might occur, because the boy's had not practice, owing to working at differentt mills.--In closing his few remarks,. he congratulated Miss Jessie Bloom, the school teacher, on her school, and hoped that she would bloom in the district. - The curtain then rose and seven lumps of burnt cork faced the audience-- iessrs George Thomps:mn and E. Tratford, tarnb-s, the Bros. Bicker ton, bones, Mr IV. Thompson in the centre as interlocutor. The performance conumenced with an opening chorus, " I'll throw myself away," nicely rendered by the compar.y. Song (comic), by Mr Geo. Thompson, who was--well applauded. Song, " Eighteen pence," by Mr E: Trat ford, who kept the audience in roars of laughter. Song, " Daisy Dean," very well rendered by bMr C. Thlompson:. Comic duet, by M?essrs A. Bickertoni and W. Thoumposon; song, "Nettie Moore," by Mr W. Thompson, who sang very well throughout the evening. Johnny Ren free's " Ghost " brought the first part to a close. The second part commenced with an Ethopian sketch of " Echo in the wood," characters by Messrs H. and A. Bickerton, very well played. Mr E. Trntfird iu his great impersonation of the Slam fat mian," that nearly brought down the house. Recitation, " The British life boat," by Mr O. Henderson ; very fairly rendered. Intermission, fol lowed by a farce, " Who stole that nine peice," characters by Messrs Bickerton B1ros. and Geo. Theompson-well applauded. Mr W Thompson then sang "The railway guard" iin character, which concluded the concert. Great praise is due to the per fortners, who did their best to please everybody. After the concert the room was cleared for dancing, about thirty or forty couples remaining to indulge the light fantastic toe, under the guidance of Mr. R. Draffin, who acted as M.C. in a most efficient muanner, the musicians being Messrs .J. Davey and G. Richardson, who played in their usual grand style. Mid night cane, and all made for refresh ments, which were beautifully laid out in Mfr Henderson's private house adjoining. Much credit is due to Mesdames Hender soll, (O'Brienl, andi Richardson for the pains they took to satisfy their visitors. Then back to the ballroom, to dance till daylight; then we all mado for our re spective homes, thoroughly satisfied with ourselves and everybody else. Thanks are due also to Mr George Thonmpson, for the interest he took in tihe gettinmg-up of the affair ; to make things comfortable, lie sent 1400 feet of timber from his mill to floor the large shed that was used for the occasion. There is some talk about our Mechanics' Hall going up at last. It is time, good ness knows. The Marraweeney squatters are a lot of alow-.uoing people, or. else they would have had their hall up and opened two years ago. That's right, Cr. Ilammmond, wake themn up ! I saw somlle mlagificent strawberries and cherries grown at Holmwood, the pro perty of Mlr J. II. Clarke, some of them the size of a walnut. 