'THE . GRsECO-ROMAN CHAM- PIONSHIP. CANNON V. CONNOR The third contest between these welt known wrestlers took place yestorday evening, at the Alexandra Theatre. Tbo men have met twice before during tho pa6t few months, once at tho Alexandra Theatre, when Connor won the first fall and the match, Cannon sustaining an injury to tho neck when coming ou to tho ground, whioh prevented his coming up to time for the second bout It was thon inado evident that both men were wreatlsra of the first rank in tha Grupco-Koman style. They met again at the Exhibition- building iu the presence of an enormous crowd. Here, it will be recollected, Connor won the first fall, and lost the two succeeding falls ; but a subsequent affair in the District Court, in which Connor and hie tremor Gra ham were mixed up, threw a certain amount of suspicion on the genuineness of tho match. Whether it was a "straight" affair or not, no wrestling shown in Aiolbourno previously had been anywhero near it as an exhibition, and if tho men wero uot in earnest the play they made was of such a character as to make it well worth tho admission money. This match put before tho public the exercise of the " stranglinghold," a hold which Cannon greatly relies on.as Connor does on the " hammcrlook. " And probably very littlo more would have been heard abont the strangling bold and it3 severity had not Cannon happened to meet H. Dunn in a five-style match, iu which Graico-Roman ohanced to bo the second event. Dunn hadn't tho ghost of ashow with Cannon at tho Grieco- ltomaii and was choked out of time and lost accordingly. Oa tlii9 occasion Connor again challenged Cannon, and openly declared then, and has since repeated it, that ho doesn't care more for the strangling hold than any other, and certainly ia not afraid of it. Aud therefore the public which went to view last night's match had before them two post masters of Gnuco-Roman wrestling, either of whom is. disdainful of such injury ns tbo hammerlock or strangling hug can inflict. Without them there is good reason to suppose n Grosco-Koman wrestling match would be about as long as a Chineso piny, and end in something or other indofinite about the middle of the 20th century. Bath men were born in Lancashire, England, that noted home of wrestlers ; but Cannon has been to long in America as to bo prae- ticaliy a representative of States wrestlers, and as to Connor he has had a few ups and downs in Australia, and iB looked on by his many friendB as the upholdor of Australian prowess in the wrestling arena. Up till tho time of his defeat by Cannon he had won 109 matches, and nover been beaten, including in them a match with a bear — whioh bear, by the way, has recently caused some trouble in Seymour, aud is, or was a fetv days ago, still located there, and can't be sbiftod. On that oaeasion Connor "played" low" in tho catch-aa-catch- can stvle. the onlv Btvle bruin knatr nnrthincr about, and, seizing the bear by the hind leg, Bont him flying. Connor has followed the occupation of a minor in Newcastle. Both men are of splendid physique, but of the two when trained Connor, as wo havo before remarked, looks fittest and hardest. The match was for £200 aside and tho championship, and the gate receipts wero divided in the proportion of 75 per cent, to the winner and 25 per cent to tho loser. The houso held about £500. The articles defined the referee's decision to he final. A three minutes' rest was provided for at the ond of 20 minutes' wrestling without either man obtain ing a. fail, and a 15 minutes' interval between the falls. Soon after 8 o'clock the men wero on tho stage, and on the curtain being drawn up were received with continued expressions of approval. It would be idle to say there was no pronounced favoritism with the audieucc, because, as is indicated abovo, Connor has keen appropriated by tbe Australians, and hits always beon very popular. Cannon did his work at the Rsd Bluff, and stripped in wrestling costume at 13 St. 6 lb. Connor for this event retired to Maryborough and got through his preparation there, and stood up in a pair of black tights and sooks at 12 st. 8 lb. Christol, as usual, attended on Cannon, and Connor had tho assistance of Viotor. Air. Afaegregor was chosen referee, and Mr. Donegan was time keeper. After the usual shake hands and neck play, which forms the commencement of all Gricco- Romau wrestling, Cannon commenced to iorce tha ganto. Twice he rushed in, throwing off Connors neck hold, and tried lifting Connor bodily up and flinging him down. At tho second attempt, made within two or threo seconds of tho first, ho was successful, and Connor came on all fours, but raLher wide spread. Cannoa was so close on top of him that the two wore almost down together, but Cauuou had got a half Nelson, and was trying for the arm. when Connor attempted to spin out. It is Connor's strong point in spinning out on his hoad that be does it so as to fall over en to bis opponent, who is then on his side, and gradually roll hint down. On this occasion be "missed his tip," ltts bead slipped, and Cannon caught both of Connor's arms under his (Connor's) back, and in a few seconds of a struggle on tbe floor forced them outwards in tbo " crucifixion" and brought Connor's shoulders to the floor. First fall to Canuon. Time, 1 tnin. 5 sea The result rather staggered the spectators, who could not quite understand the rapidity of the . trttvlr. In th» eoofvml f 'rv ft >»» n.tfln moot play at first. Cannon then took up the attack, but the firat real movs was made by Connor, who caught Cannon by the right wrist and behind the right elbow and tried a twist. Cannon held on with his left to Connor's neck and neutralised the play. Very fast wrestling followed, Connor at the bridge, Cannon after the hammerlock, and getting the halt Nelson Connor spun over, and was well oa to Cannon, when, in an un fortunate moment of excitement, Victor (Con nor's second) touched Connor, and ho stopped wrestling, thinking he had a fall. On tlio other band, Cannon was working on the samo lines as at tho Exhibition, under exaotlv similar cir- oumstances, aud was about as mad as could be at Victor's interference. However, after a " barney." Connor said wrestle on, and Cannon went to the bridge again. Ha broko out of au arm hold und assailed Connor at tho bridge. From a half Nelson Connor spun over hack- wards on to Cannon, and this time put him down amid tremendous cheering and excite ment. Time, 8 min. After the fifteen minutes interval they dipped again, and about hero Cannon changed his tactics. From a bit of rushing ovor the carpet Cannon went to a bridge of both bands and one knee, looking out for a chance at the strangling hold. Connor was too wary, mid kept his head well back and close ou to Can non's side. Onco Cannon's arm flow back like lightning, but missed, and then came the attack by Connor. Throwing Cannon ovor, the latter smartly broke out and had Connor at the bridge, where he again spun out of a half Nelson. Cannon lifted him up lor the throw to tbo floor, but this time Connor was too smart Twisting in the sir like an eel, he got a hammerlook underneath his opponent as they rolled on the floor together. Cannon resisted most strannousiy. He used hit head and bis legs and every muscle iuhis body, but the other man was fast, and, after a grand I straggle, lasting many seconds, Cannon went over. Time, 6 min. 16 sec. A great soeno of excitement ensued, and Connor was cheered ' tremendously, when tha reform formally awarded bim Ue mskh. 