TT7BP GOSSIP. BY AOSCE. This week ia presented with The Austral asian a sketch of a number of turfmen who were prominent figures at the V.R.CL Spring Meeting. Nobody can fail to recognise the squire of Kilmany-parfc, the Hon. W. Pear son, who for over a quarter of a century has been one of the staunch eat sportsmen in Australia. In days gone by he was just as passionately fond of hunting as be was of racing, and with his merry little pack of hounds he provided capital sport in G ippalarid. He has always been the leading spirit of the Sale Tnrf Club, and throughout Gippsland his colours are as well known as they are at Flemington or CautfLeld. The best horse he owned before the old champion Commotion became hia property was Lamplighter, who astonished even Mr. P. Keighran, who had the management of the colt, by the manner in which he disposed of Charon as a two year-old. Alick and other steeplechasers carried his colours in the metropolitan dis tricts, and Sparrowhawk once created a sensation upon paper by reported phe nomenal Cud trials, but he failed to corroborate them on turf, albeit he won many races in Gippsland. To the present generation of sporting men, however, ME Pearson is best known as the owner of Commotion, Fryingpan, Magnet, and Lady Aahton, with all of whom he has during the past few years gained important victories, and as no straighter man ever owned a race horse, . his colours are deservedly popular with the million. The Hon. James White, whose " Trident" proclaims his identity, holds the Bame posi tion in New South Wales that the Hon. W. Pearson occupies in Victoria. He is the un doubted leader of the turf in the sitter colony, and though it is scarcely a decade ago since his colours were first seen at Randwicfc, be has wonmoreof the great races of Australia than any other man, with the ' exception, perhaps, of that veteran of' the turf, Mr. John Tait Melbourne Cups, Maribyrnong Plates, Sydney Cups, Metropolitans, Derhys, St. Legers, and other great events have been annexed by the wearers of - the blue and white, and with Trident andCo. to still fight for the honour of the coloursj there is every probability of the stable once more occupying the highest position at the end of the season. Like Mr. Pearson, Mr. White never hesitates to give a good price for anything he fancies, and, being one of the soundest and shrewdest of judges, he generally comes out right, Mr. Martin Loughlin, who occupies a place on the extreme right of the lower line of portraits, is another oi the wealthy order of racing men, and, being an Irishman, it ia only natnral that "lepping" should be the sport after hie own heart. With Lone Hand, Left Bower, Wj mlet, Game, aud others, he has achieved tile highest honours to be ob tained. in tM steeplechase field, and has scored well .With Sir Peter and others in hurdle races.' Naturally an excellent judge, he has also made his mark whenever he turned his attention to fiat-racing for Lord Harry'several times carried his colours to victory, and so have Britisher and Sheet Anchor, the latter having appropriated the neatest of aQ Australian races, the Melbourne Cup, subsequent to which Mr. Loughlin .bowed other wealthy turfmen so good an example by contributing liberally to the charities. On ? Mr. Loughlin's left stands Mr. W. CL Yoille, who i&eed; horses in Victoria over 40 yearsago, and it washe ' who woh the first Ch*Ln»pion Il#ee with Jlying.'JJucfc. Only a tew months ago Donald: triumphed under his colours at Geelong, bat the veteran has no interest in a horse now, except the many that are placed in the firm's hands for sale, though his stoLmt form is always to he seen on the lawn at Flemington or Caui fiefel ^whenever there is anything worth seeing Lobk before Mr. Samuel Gardiner became the proprietor of Bfmdoora-purk, and bred a Champion wiurier in Coriolaiius and a Derby winner in Darebin, his naeie was a house holtl word in rowing cirdes, for he was the donor of that Gardinet Challenge Cup which created mch faptendiiT contests on the Upper Yarmwhen Messrs. Mitchell, Nicholls,Wil llams, Hood, Michie, and others were the heroes of the day. . Wiife Luitine, Aldinga, and, Coriolanus nc gained several triumphs on theturl; bat fortune has -not smiled upon 4hal ia enterim; may change, ana *seen tn irons at mkr his owner. In Australia, Mr. Mai Hand's efforts have not been attended with any great measure of success, but this season his star has been in the ascendant, for Meteor won the Hawkesbury Handicap, and Stafford has picked np a couple of useful crumbs. , Mr. N. B- D. Bond, who champions the cause of the Victoria Amateur Tucf Club, was some 20 years ago an owner of horses, and one o£ the best amateur riders in the colony. With Yankee he won over a score of races, and on the back of Tlie Moor and other horaeB he displayed his skill as a horse man. We ot the present day know him best j as " Beacon," or as secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and in each capacity he has gained a name which will live long in the memories of the racing men of our time. An old Victorian, Mr. T. S. Clibbom, now lends his valuable assistance in guiding the destinies of the Australian Jockey Club, the oldest turf institution in the southern hemi sphere. Those who remember Randwick when he first took command can realise the metamorphosis it has since undergone. Then three old wooden shanties did duty as grand stands I The stakes were ot the poverty-stricken order, and entry fees were the order of the day. Now all is changed, and the A.J.C. possesses the best grand stand in Australia, white the stakes are gradually rising to the value of those of the V.R.C. On the leading racecourses of Victoria perhaps there is no figure so well known as that of Mr. George Watson, who for over 30 years has been one of the leading lights ot our turf world. He was a great horseman himself, and. piloted many a good horse to victory. When he gave up riding his colours were as prominent as ever, for Ballarat, Banker, and others carried them to the front, and they were generally worn by the respected clerk of the course, Fred Johnson, or Denny Callanan. As a starter, Mr. Watson is facile prtneeps, and everybody will join me in wishing him a long term of office as wielder of the flag. For a number of years Mr. William Gannon, who is depicted, with flag in hand, com manded the forces at the starting-post at Randwick, and, whatever may be said to the contrary, no man that I have seen-with the exception of Mr. H. Dangar-has started so well on the A.J.C. course, which is one ot the worst in the world to get a field away upon anything like equal terms. Moreover, most of the starts take place opposite the spectators, and when a dozen horses not on the contract-as is very often the case-hang behind and straggle, all the biame is thrown upon the starter. For these reasons, starting at Randwick will never be altogether satis factory. Mr. Gannon, who, like the Hon. James White, is a native of New South Wales, has been an ardent lover of various kindsof sport for many years, but it was not till the past spring he achieved the object of his ambition, a Melbourne Cup vic tory, with Arsenal. He is passionately lond of racing, and morning after morning, long before the stars have ccased to twinkle, he may be seen driving to Rand wick to watch his horses working As a timeiat of gallops he has no superior, and in picking winners I have never met bis equal, his quick natural judgment enabling him. to detect a good one when dull-pated trainers and touts would fail. Quiet and nfiobtrusive is the representative of Ballarat, Mr. William Bailey, an all round sportsman, who supports alike racing, yachting, and coursing, and docs a great deal of good by stealth in old Ballarat, the city where the foundation as well as superstruc ture of his fortune was laid. It is pleasant, indeed, to find men like William Bailey and Martin Loughlin holding the golden city in fond remembrance. Mr. Bailey has not been very fortunate on the turf, though Simpleton gained several important victories in his colours. He now has a fair horse in Sir Launcelot, and two or three others of pro mise are likely to carry his colours during the season. The best-abused man in all Victoria is " The Handicapper," who occupies a position in the centre. Fortunately, Mr. E. 'J'. Bar nard is deaf, and misses many of the pretty compliments that are paid him by satisfied aa well as dissatisfied owners. He doesn't care much what they say, but goes on his way determined to do what he considers correct, and he comes oat right in the long run. Handicappers, as well as other beings, are fallible, and if Mr. Barnard mokes mistakes he can console himself with the reflection that Messrs. Searr, Vowks, and Co. are in the same boat. The Ring is represented by two of the leading members-Mr. Joseph Thompson and Mr. Alfred Joseph. The artist has canght the latter's expression with great fidelity. Although a bookmaker, Mr. Joseph is me of the most popular men in Sandhurst, of which city he is one of the councillors, and he might have held the highest municipal office had he chosen, for the position of mayor was offered to him, but refused under circumstances which redounded to his credit. Mr. Joseph Thompson has long occnpied the position ot king of the ring, thoagh when Mr. Oxenhsip pettlea down a little perhaps he may be Reposed. With King of the Ring, Argus Bcaaeal, and other horses the tartan jacket of Mr. Thompson has been victoriously associated, and when Don Juan won the Melbourne Cop he was the biggest winner, though, perhaps, nis greatest coup was effected when Zulu astonished everybody by galloping home in front of the Czar, The native modesty* of the stout party standing between the Hon. W. Pearson and the Hon. James White prevents him saying anything of himself. He is content to ahidie by the verdict ot the public, to whom, as well as those by whom he is surrounded, he wishes a happy and prosperous new year. A more glorious day for outdoor sports than Fcida'y, the 24th of December, could not hare been desired, aad, as a consequence, there was a soo&y; crowd to witness the racing which did not take piece at Etatera wick-park on, the previous Saturday. The racing was really first-class, the contest for the Hurdle &ua;* being one of the best ever witnessed. Walhalla ran m gamely as a horse possibly could ran, and amy gained the verdict* in toe tut stride. Everybody was glad to see young Gorry able to ride a«ifn, and tha style in which he finished on Ceatus in the December Handicap was equal to any. tbingthis twicgyoung jockey has treated oe to. Rouga-«t-Noir would probably have won had not Marortey interfered with him about 100 yards fcbto home. There was only i email field £pt the Steeplechase, but the jumping wqs as good a* oae^aeed wiah U see. Monarch iru # and clever enough and had the services- of Coaigeo, bntta lacked the dash necessary to, cop$ with. Uniot Jack,^ Pf «a th*^Uim^e^attd. ptJSu " in handnijb the way, bat had no show with the favourite at the finish. On Tuesday next Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will hold an important Bale of thorough* breds at their bazaar at Newmarket Mr. James Mitchell sends a dozen yearlings from Table top,, and Bix of these are geldings of the highest lineage. In .these days, when the V.R.CL is encouraging breeders to add many of their colts to tne list, Mr. Mitchell's youngrtccs should be valnble indeed, more especially as they claim relationship to several excellent performers. There is a full brother to that slashing line filly Edith, one of the fastest animals at Flemington ; a fall brother to St. Lawrence, who was a real good colt, and a brother to Falka. The GUies include a sister to Santa Clans, and a half sister to Duration, as well as a daughter of Sardonyx and Tilly, the dam of Coningsby. There is a rare opportunity here forraciag men to pick up a good yearling. From tlie same stud will come 20 head of three, four, and five year old geldings from thoroughbred mares. Mr. William Bryant will send ap for sale eight very useful animals. There are four geldings, three years old, from splen didly-bred mares, three of them being by Tim Whi flier, and one by Irish King; and the fillies included a sister to Liberator, as well as two others of high-class breeding. On the Bame day the firm will dispose of Sir. Stratford Strettle's stud of trotters, which includes the celebrated pony Creole, and a number of youngsters by Honesty, Firebell, Helmet, and Flying Paragon. Some very choice trotting mares will be disposd of too, and as Mr. Strettle has spared no pains in securing the best kind* trotting enthusiasts will be able to select something out of the common from this lot. Racing men very often complain of handi capping without the slightest justification. Mr. J. Dwyer, who last week bewailed his sad fate in having his mare Brunette handi capped at 8st. 121b., iaone of the disaffected. On looking over her performances I find that her owner has not the slightest cause for finding fault with the handicapper. Last year, at Wedderburn, Brunette carried Sst. 121b., and ran a dead heat with Kilkee (7st. 101b.), and then came out with 9st on her back and won the Flying Handicap. At East Chariton she carried 8st 51b., and ran a dead heat with Lola Mantes (7st. 51b.) for the East Charlton Handicap; With Sst 101b. up she won the Railway Stakes at Ray wood, and with Sst 31b. she won the Moira Handicap at Shepparton, beating Soldier Boy (7st 81b.), K D. (7st» 51k), Black Diamond, Impulse, and others. At Numurkah, with 8st 101b. in the saddle, 8be won the Railway Stakes. With such performances as these before him, Mr. Vowles was quite justified in allotting her Sst 121b. at Wedderburn. There is an old racing official who per forms his duties in a most satistactorv manner, and never receives much notice. It is no other than Fred Johnson, the respected clerk of the course at Flemington and Elstemwick-park. An old steeplechase rider, well conversant with every move on the racing board, he is just the man for a position which retired jockeys should be well qualified to fill. Mr. IL J. Hunter has had the bad luck to lose a promising yearling filly by Progress from Empress. Notwithstanding that the mighty Musket was several y >ars at the stud, he does not claim the best horse at present in New Zea land. It must be gratifying to Victorians to know that the champion of the southern colony is undoubtedly Nelson, who carried Sst 81b. and won the Auckland Cup on Box ing Day. He was bred at Glenormiston by Messrs. Fin lay, and is by King Cole from My Idea, by Yfcttendon from Ladybird, by Boi ardo from the Hon. John Lord's old mare Mirror. Nelson was sold, with his dam, to Major Nelson, who had the good fortune to keep the colt and race him. | Among the visitors to the V.A.T.C. meet ing were the Hon. W. & Rounsevell, Hon. C. Mann, and Mr. Caleb Peacock, who were over for a holiday, and of course could not resist the temptation of assisting at so pleasant a, gathering. Mr. Corrigan, an old and respected resident of the Western district, and father of the popular cross-country rider, T. Corrigan, died near Warcnambool a short time ago. Mr. J. D. Robinson informs me that the Geelong Racing Club is spending £400 in im provements on the course. It is intended to enlarge the saddling paddock, and to remove the shed a nearer to the railway; also to erect a pavilion, a trainers and jockeys' stand, and extend the carriage paadock. The reuuiar visitors to the Barwon course will be glad to hear that the dub has determined to continue its efforts to add to the comfort of its patrons. On Wednesday next the yearlings of the New Zealand Stud Company will be die posed of at Sylvia-park, near Auckland. They are a splendid lot, and I'm glad to know that several are likely to come to Australia. There was some capital racing at CaulGeld on Boxing Day, and all who were present seemed to enjoy it Hot Iron astonished even his owner by winning the Selling Race, the soa of Tubal Cain having shaped so indiffereutly in public that the stable would not txust him with a shilling ; and when half the distance: had been traversed, it looked 1,000 to 1 against him, but Garry never bustled him, and, riding with bis customany skill, he managed to dispose of Mistake and E. F. rather comfortably. Hot Iroq-'is mgch more symmetrical than njost of hit aire's stock, and with tune maymak«;s> wty useful celt What Mosswoopar might have done had he stood up. ia tine Qwdie Race it is dijleilt to say, bat the others must either have been indulging in too much Christmas pudding or wen moderate Indeed, for Goodwood won with ridiculous esse. Lesbia was my selection foe the Summer Cup, but ahe was twwt dangerous. Knhai did FouUbnro another good turn far winning cleverly, and. he ran truly enough* notwithstanding The Levite'a attempt to. lay hold of him with his teeth. Had not Me. M'Doaald's horse acted thus he might have palled, tiff the good thing for the South Anattalian party,, That moat successful of breeders, Mr. John Field, will dovtUlesa bed?Ugbtoi nttiwsnfrew ot Kohai, whom he haactar«£8kegBrdfedas a gpod one, and depe&dvpatt; it be wUi some day have the satisfaction of ageing one of bisLafadiats in the van ju tt ing sace. Metal ran nuuah better than Uedidatthe V.1LC, SpringMeet ing, and gained a situation, bat I fancy Grace ^atlbig^oenld have been^third best. Fish o' Silver ran.fairly well, though be lost soij&e; ground tbroaghbeir.ginterfered with intfie bead. Western did not ran up to the ex pectations ot his friends, who wer* exosed mgllMnlidenfc botai hisimpoatwasoaly 6st.,'and he baled even to obtain.* he > ittateHfrftrgodet Horteaaer * ' i twq year «Ma that oppoi \- 8t*kcs, and the (fancied her chseoet bat r sBfetfejgifev gseiebderr q! oil shin-i the post he was reported to the stewards, who I treated him to a abort and deserved euspen- j sioti. Escutcheon ran like a real Rood colt, and had he commenced a little more freely, he would undoubtedly have won, but Mr. W. E. Dakin's luck stuck to him. Hortense once flattered her supporters, but the difference in weight tola its tale at the finish, and she had to be content with third place. Everybody was glad to Bee Mr. W. Bryant gain a victory with Ruby in the Steeplechase, in which ahe quickly disposed of the Btrawberry horse Curiosity when it came to racing. Corrigan's accident created a great deal ot alarm, but fortunately he was only stunned and bruised a little. He wps dazed a bit for a time, but he was himself in a day or two. When the competitors in the Malvern Handicap were fairly in the straight Damocles shot away BO far that it appeared as if he were going to come in alone. Then The Ghost set all sail in pursuit, but Williams appeared to be in two minds as to whether it was advisable to chase the colt, but when he did sit down the old chestnut galloped like a streak of greased lightning, though he failed to quite get up, and Mr. Dakin's colt won by a head. On the blacksmith putting on the shoes it was discovered that Damocles had Bplit his oft' hind foot, and this may have had something to do with the colt stopping in the last few strides. The Rochester Jockey Club lias chosen Wednesday, February 2, for the annual race meeting. There are six events in the pro gramme, the chief prize being the Rochester Handicap, which closes with the hon. secre tary, Mr. \V. M. Clinton, on Tuesday, January IS. A lad named Anderson, while ridin<* in a ? hack race at Yackandandah. was killed on | boxing Day. The horse he was riding bolted i and ran him against a tree. | The full programme of the Landsborough | meeting appears this week. It contains Beven events, and entries for the Lands-1 borough Handicap, Flying Handicap, and Hurdle Race close with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. B. Hodgetts, on Friday next, January 7. Before the last mail left England it was reported that Archer's fortune amounted only to a little over £100,000,of which £40,000 was left to his daughter, £5,000 to Mr. Her bert Mills (one of his Cheltenham friends), £2,000 to his brother Charles, and something | to everybody fairly entitled to a share. Corowa races will take place on Wednesday, March 23, when six races will be disposed of. I notice that the first is a Yearling Stakes, but I suppose this must be a misnomer. The I Corowa Handic&n; of 50 so vs. and other | handicaps close with the hon. secretary, Dr. W. H. Lang, on the 22nd February. The new year will be opened at Flemington this afternoon, and the fare provided by the V.R.C. being of a most Bumptuous kind no doubt a goodly number of pleasure-seekers will find their way to headquarters. It would be tedious to my readers to give reasons for selections, especially as I was clean out of the bunt at Caultield, BO I shall plunge into pro babilities at once by selecting WILLIAM TELL, THE GHOST, and KOHAI for the Standish , Handicap, and if they are to be defeated it may be by the dark Maroondah. For the Normanby Stakes I think the places will be filled by HORTENSE. ESCCTCHEON, and BEDOUIN: In the Hurdle Race MOSSTBOOPEB, BLUE MOCNTAIK, and GOOD WOOD look beBt upon paper. The Bagot Handicap will probably produce one of the beet races ever seen at Flemington. If Com motion be the horse he was last year he will take a deal of beating with only 9st. 61b. apon his back, but as there seems to be a doubt, perhaps it will be advisable to stand GBACE DABLING, SILYEBMINE, and LOBD WILTON. For the Steeplechase I like CCBIOSITF, because I think lie will stand up, and next to him PBOVOTIOX and LADT ASHTOJT. The Criterion Stakes would look a good thing for £scutcheon if he were re served for it, but if he should not start, then LIEDERTAFEL, GLEKWOBTH, and LOYALIST should fill the places. At Rand wick Tattersall's Cup and Two year-old Stakes will be the leading items, and for the former I shall stand DAGOBKBT, and next to him THE JEWEL and ARSENAL. For the juvenile event I shall plump for HrorrorGTOWBn, who will probably be ridden by Robertson, the Victorian jockey having recovered sufficiently to take the trip to Sydney. The December Stakes run at Randwick on Boxing Day seems to have been thrown away by young Kelso, who was riding Hunting tower. The colt apparently had the race in hand, but the telegram says Hales, on Abercorn, caught his jockey half asleep, and beat him cleverly. Hard lines for Mr. D. Cooper and Tom Latnond, as well as the pabl lie, who laid odds of 5 to 4 on the son of Darebin. Mr. H. Dangar had a slice of luck with Raoul in the Flying Handicap, and Mr. Cameron landed the Hurdle Race with Unique, who was ridden by Malone. Hex bun, -Who was fancied so much for the Summer Cup, never came aniRh, the winner turning up in Dagobert Newminster evi dently can lay claim to a good filly in Perfume, who t<m the Nursery Handicap, and it is said that Hales, who rode her, cleverly saved some lead encased in a silk ? handkerchief which was tied round his waist Nobody admires or respects Tom Hales more than I do, but if be continnes to carry his weight in silk handkerchiefs tied round his waist, he will depreciate in my estimation at least SO per cent He saved it cleverly, but be de served to lose it, and it would have been a useful lesson to him had he done so. The Wreck at last corroborated the good opinion, formed of him by winning the A. J.C. Handi cap, and it is possible we shall see this son of Robinson Crusoe do greater things ere the season closes. The secretary of the Tasmanian Turf Club has at last published the programme for the eummer meeting, which takes place on the 16th and 17th February. Better late than never perhaps. The ijaunceston Cup is the centre-piece, and this is a handicap oi 250 aova., one mile and three-quarters. The Nastier events on the first day are the Trial Slices of 40 sovs-.Two-year-old Stakes of 80 eovs.. Visitors' Gift of 75 so vs., and Mowbray H<u&eRaceofl00;*bvs. On the second day tfcebill will consist of the Tamar Hurdle Ifoceof 60 so vs., Celling Race of 60 so vs., T.T.C. Handicap of 100 sovs., Steeplechase©! u, and Ail-aged Handicap of 60 sovs. lor the Lannceaton Cup, T.T.C. Han old Stakes, and Steeplechase y, at 4 p.m, and Victorian received at the V.R.C a Yuille and Co. report having I ' the steeplechase horse Union, colts Aglaosend Trojan,' ^ Cincinnatus, brother to D. Cooper, Mr, W. A. Long, £65; Mr. J. Mayo, £50; Mr. \v. Forrester, £50; Mr. J. PhilliDS, £25; total, £2,OIL There has been some interesting work at Flemington during the past week. AH Gold, Lord Wilton, The Levite, Com motion, Hogmanay, Escutcheon, ilortense, Harvester, and Bedouin have ail per formed satisfactorily, and probably tliey will figure to advantage at the V.R.C. meeting. The correspondent of this journal fancies Hogmanay and Harvester for the Standish Plate, and All Gold and Commotion for the Bagot Plate, while the CaulGeld correspondent states that if that district is to win the double it will be with The Ghost or Eohai in the Standish Handi cap, and Camerine orSilvermine in the Bagot Handicap. A correspondent sends us the following: " Two or three incidents occurred ntRiddell's Creek Races on Boxing Day, which, although not on the programme, created some excite ment, amongst these being a Hurdle Race, which was so closely contested by the first three placed horses that an appeal to the judge was thought necessary. The person holding that position was, however, not at his post, and could not be found, ana it was not until a lengthy discussion engaged the attention of the stewards that it was eventu ally agreed, by mutual consent, to give the race to the first past the post, on the evidence of some outsiders. In the Shire Handicap Mr. Brannagan'a horse Kaled proved un controllable. to the feather weight up, and took a desire to jump the fence leading on to the main road, which he rather clumsily fell over, bringing down three valuable bicycles which baa been placed against the outside fence for safety. One of the machines the horse fell npon and completely mangled, while the others suffered more or less by the episode. A regular concourse of people streamed towards the scene of the accident, while horse, rider, and bicycles were beauti fully mixed up. The rider of Kaled received some injuries, but he was able to walk off the course after a few minutes' rest." Mr. Cox invites turfmen to finish the holi days at Moonee Vallee on Monday, when a nice little programme will be run through. The Maiden Plate may be won by Pingara or Glentworth ; the New Year's Gift by Derision or Cestos; the Steeplechase by Union Jack or Topsail; the Coburg Handicap by Ululume or Rouge-et-Noir; the Selling Race by Sor cerer or Ariel; and the Ascotvale Handicap by Impulse or Chandos. V.R.C. ScB&TCniNOS.-Standish; Handicap-Stafford, F.F., Highland Chief. Normanby Stakes-Sumatra, Master Norman, Royal Dash, Dargin, Design, Albert Loddon, Lady Lovell, Glentworth, True Blue filly, Essex. Harridan, Rich Ruby, Blue and White, The Dreamer, Uagtnar colt, Uthologist. Hurdle Race Hambledon, Ruby. Criterion Stakes - Perhaps, Uatacuua, Sumatra, Lord Alleu. 