fffmir $nttmgs. PEOPLE are not half grateful enough for the benefits science confers on them. Up to a few weeks past the latest service it had rendered humanity was to suggest that a person doomed to be hanged should be allowed the privilege of being cut off by an electric shock. Science has done another service to humanity. Mr. Richard A. Proctor, the eminent astronomer, says that earthquakes are a good sign, since they show that the earth is still in its infancy, and that we needn't look for the end for tens of thousands of years. This is a great comfort, more especially to people dwelling in volcanic regions. It is to me cheering beyond measure to think that my posterity may possibly survive tens of thousands of years. The members of the Gillies Government are crack junketers. Messrs. Deakin and Lorimer are in for a junketing trip to England, and as Mr. Gillies cannot be spared to accompany them he goes in for a little pleasure trip on his own account. The Age of Monday says:— A pleasant cruise round the Victorian coast, in whioh several members of the Ministry and a number of ladies and gentlemen took part, at the invitation of the Premier (Mr. Gillies), was concluded on Friday. The party left Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon in the Lady Loch. No doubt it was a very pleasant trip, especially as the State had to pay the piper. The gentleman who acted so liberally as to present the waiter at the Echuca Hotel with a penny, could not be expected to pay for the entertainment of his guests. He no doubt acted the part of the host to perfection, and dispensed the hospitalities on the occasion as befitted the Premier of Victoria. The trip must have been exceedingly pleasant to Mr. Gillies and his friends, and it was easy for the former to act the part of host when the State cow will be called into requisition to pay for the cost of the trip. The Tankee showwoman's measure was taken by the Homoeopathic Hospital when the committee respectfully declined to take the proceeds of the proposed lecture to be delivered by " Biddy Gorman " in aid of the funds of the institution. The Escaped Nun," wishing to show ow charitable she was, advertised a lec- ture, but the committee declined her "charity" when, obtained by tlie means she adopts. Hypocrisy could not be carried to a greater extent than it has been in this case. A degraded being, in the guise and form of a woman, fills her pockets by calumniating and villifying the " Sisters of Charity " for years in every quarter of the world, by stating the most wilful lies and circulating the most infamous slanders against them. She now proposes to give a charitable lecture in aid of a charitable institution; but, to their credit be it said, the committee, composed of Protestant gentlemen, declined to take any of Biddy Gorman's gate-money obtained by such discreditable means. Councillor Ellerker, ex-Mayor of St. Kilda, hon. secretary to the Escaped Nun Charitable Lecture, will not like the snub_ he and she have received from the hospital committee. When Biddy came to Victoria she became his guest. No doubt, Mr. Ellerker thinks this fact will assist him at the next election at Kilmore, but he may rest assured that having had "Biddy"as his guest will not be a trump card, and that after the next polling day he will be a sadder, if not a wiser man. Men like Mr. Ellerker may do as Orange wire-pullers, but they are not fit representatives for any constituency. The ships of the " Queen's Navee," should have more respect for the Sabbath than to set sail on that day. The Argus of Monday states:— H.M. surveying steamer Myrmidon, which put in here during the week for coal, left early yesterday morning on another cruise in the straits, and cleared the Heads at 9 o'clock. Surely the Minister of Customs should protest against this desecration. But perhaps Mr. Walker is only a Sabbatarian as a private member, and that as a Minister of the Crown he allows his ministerial position to interfere with his goody-goody views. I think that the departure of the steamer might have been delayed until Monday. When there is e no necessity for work, Sunday should be observed as a day of rest from manual labour. Here is an interesting quotation (says a London journal) which shows that Horace Walpole, writing to Lord Charlemont on 23rd November, 1785, at a time when the Irish Parliament was in full swing, had no difficulty in believing the existence of that Parliament to be quite consistent with union. He was recommending that the Knights of the then newly-established order of St. Patrick should, like the Knights of the Holy Ghost in France, present their portraits on creation. "I will not make any apology," he adds, " to so good a patriot as your Lordship for proposing a plan that tends to the honour of his country, which I will presume to call mine, too, as it is—both by union and my affection for it." Any unfortunate man of sense who now presumes to advocate the reinstitution of an Irish Parliament is roundly abused as a Separatist. Another land scramble is about to take place over the Cape Otway forest, which has lately been thrown open for selection. The "earth hunger" is still so great that about 1500 applications have been received for the various blocks in this forest. A good many business men have, I understand, applied for selections, but I feel convinced that when some of them see the land, and understand, in a practical manner, some of the difficulties which they will have to eontend with, they will wish that they never went in for land selecting. One of the applicants stated to me that if he were successful he would fence in the land, and commence operations by turning some of his unused horses on to it. Considering that in some parts of the forest a white man has never been, I think that my friend will find that the task is easier said than done. My opinion is that the majority of business men will find that it is a mistake to select land so far away from their daily avocations. I have heard Dr. L. L. Smith say that it cost him five shillings to grow a head of cabbage that he could get for a few pence, and I believe that is the general opinion of amateur farmers. Selecting land is enticing when it is known that the land can be obtained for £1 an acre, but when the cost of clearing heavilytimbered land fit for cultivation is considered, the land, even though only a pound an acre is paid for it, is in many cases not cheap land. Many persons knowing little or nothing about cultivating land have been ruined bv selecting; while, on the other hand, many have made independencies, if not fortunes, out of the land they hare selected. TAPLXY. 