MONSIEUR SILVAIH'S SECRET. (THE 4 ABflOST.') Monsieur Silvain ba<J not at all tb® opk of a man wuh a secret ; hsiug & cheerful little gentleman of rmddle-age, witn a round, cleau- shaven face, short-signten bine eyes, and a mouth which wore a per petual smile. _ , , He was a bachelor, and affected a juvenile style of drees. la m&nuers; he was the ptiik of politeness aud urbanity, and ia conversa tion was perfectly fr&uk; and unreserved on every subject save one. . , For about three years he bo« occupied rooms in the Rue Vavin, on the second floor of a bouse near the Luxembourg Gardens. Every day, Sundays and fetes not excepted, he left home at nine and returned at six, but how he waa occupied during his absence was a mystery. When questioned as tp the nature of hiB business or profession. Monsieur Sil vain either politely evaded the inquiry, or else petrified the interrogator with a stony stare which effectually checked further mdxB- cretion. ' If, as had more thati once happened, he was followed on his way to ' business, he adroitly contrived to give his pursuers the slip after exhausting them with a long and exciting chase. . In spite of the mystery attaching to him, the little gentleman was far from unpopular. He was reputed to be rich, and was known to be generous, while bis politeness and geniality com men del him to everyone. 4 Even old Musard, his concierge, though aggrieved by the second-floods' unScconnt able reserve, had been heard to admit that there couldn't be much harm in a man who bad a good word for everyone, carried bon bons iu his pocket . for the children, and was a providence to all the poor in the neigh bourhood. Such was Monsieur Silvaio, and such had been the tenour of his life for three years pr thereabouts, when, one bleak November evening, having returned to his apartments at the usual hour, and made some changes in his dress, he prepared to sally forth again to the restaurant where he was in the habit of dining. Jauntily descending the stairs, he was crossing the landing below bis own, when he was arrested by an unusual sound proceeding from the rooms which opened on to it. He was on terms o? neighbourly mfcimacF with their occupant, the elderly widow of a retired colonel, but it was certainly neither Madame Evrard, nor Marthe, her stout bonne, who was singing with such thrilling sweetness and pathos the old melody of ' Ma Normandie.' 'Charming, charming!' commented Mon sieur Sil vain, half aloud, refreshing himself from his snuff-box as he listened. A pure soprano, admirably trained. I wonder who Madame'a visitor can be, and whether her face matches her voice ? By-the-bye, I owe my neighbour a visit Why not pay it now ?' Without further hesitation he rang the bell. Instead or the buxom Marthe in her white cap and apron, it was a young lady who answered his summons. A sweet-faced, fair- haired girl of nineteen, in a well-worn black dresB with a knot of winter violet3 at her breast. The effect of this pleasant apparition on Monsieur Si i vain was remarkable, hotfco suy mysterious. He peered aft her doubtfully for a moment through his eye-glass, then started and drew back, giving , her a glance of won dering and delighted recognition. Perceiving, however, that there waa no answering con scioneness on her face, bat surprise and some amusement at his bewildered expression, he quickly recovered himself, and saluted her with ceremonious politenees. ' Pardon, Mademoiselle, can I have the pleasure of seeing Madame Evrard T She inclined her head in assent, and pre- ceded_ him across the _ ante- chamber into a cosy little panelled Bittingroom, lighted only by the flickering gleam of a wood fire, which revealed the figure of its occupant sitting severely upright iu a high-backed chair by the hearth, knitting energetically. The officer's widow was a bright- eyed, well-preserved woman of fifty, with a quick manner and a shrewd, but. not unkindly face. ' Ah Monsieur Sil vain, is it you ? I thought you had forgotten me, she said, arresting her knitting -pins for a moment to shake hands with him. ' Take a seat, and let me introduce you to this young friend ot mine — the orphan daughter of an old comrade of my husband. Renee, my neighbour, Monsieur Silvain.' Bringing his heels together, the visitor bowed with the grace of a marquis of the old regime, murmuring with a smile that he was 'enchanted.' I hope you happen to be fond of music,' the widow proceeded briskly, ' for Renee is come to live ma. and it will he unfortnate if you are annoyed by her practising.' 'Annoyed, Madame? I shall be charmed —enraptured !' he protested. ' Music is my passion, and te hear such an artiste as Mademoiselle is a treat indeed. Allow me to congratulate you and your charming friend on this most happy arrangement.' ' Yes, I think it will be an advantage to both of us,' she acquiesced. ' But much greater on my aide than on yours, Madame Evrard,' the., girl rejoined, bending to kiss the elder lady's cheek. ' If you knew how delightful it is after living in solitary lodgings so long to have a home to return to and a friend to welcome me when my day's work is done !' ' You might have had them months ago if you had let me know you were in Paris, instead of leaving me to find it out by chance.' ' I feared — ' ' Yes, I know ; you are a proud girl/ her friend interrupted, tapping her cheek with a knitting-needle. Then, turning to the visitor, who, with his eye-glass fixed on his nose, was looking profoundly interested and sym pathetic, she continued: 1 Quiet as she looks, this is a very adventurous »nd independent young lady, Monsieur Silvain. When her father died, three years ago, leaving her te face the world alone, she adopted music as her profession, and, not being appreciated in her native place. Rouen, came up to Paris last year with the hope — ' Of covering myself with laurels,' Renee put iu. ' But alas 1 here I am. still unknown to fame, giving lessons at four franca an hour. A melancholy example of frustrated ambition.' ' No matter ! a . woman was never the -happier for being famous,' Madame Evrard returned, consolingly ; ' we must had you a husband, my child ; you will cease to ears for lanrels when you have worn orange- blossoms. What say you, Monsieur Silvain ?' Undoubtedly, Madame, it is better to be happy than famous,' he answered, absently, without removing his eyes from the girl's face. a, L»;r MshfoWed arm. on the b»ok' 01 Koiaalle. I ltZL ith"t0 to think of matrimony, but I inter- Your official duties ? the widow lnw rupted quickly. Then you have a po.t under Government. Monsieur Silvain He dropped hie glove, aad stooped to pica have occupied my present position for a number of years, Madame. 'Ah — a snug berth, I daresay Very ana,' he replied, smoothing and examining with a anddeu appear of interest the mker s name, inside. J£n« if anxious to change the conversation, be turned to Renee. Do not let my presence prevsnt you from finishing that charming song, Made- that old-fashioned thing, child,' Madame Evrard interposed. 'Fetch the lamp, and let us have something vorfcn Tne visitor's eyes-' fallowed her from the room with a look which his companion was not slow to notice. ' I see that you admire my young friend, a fa a VAmfirlrpH She is adorable 1 such a union of grace' beauty, and sweetness I have never seen. Yes, she is pretty,' the widow admitted, impartially. ' Pretty ? pardon — the term is too common place. Mademoiselle Renee baa the face of an angel —and the heart of one/ : The last words were added in an under tone, as if spoken to himself. Her busy needles stopped abruptly, as she looked at him with upraised eyebrows. , ' You mast be a very acute observer to dis cover her angelic qualities after being only five minutes in her:compauy. But perhaps you have heard something of ber history— though I don't know who can have told you.' He Bhook his head with a smile. ' 1 do not even know her name, Madame, for you forgot to mention it just now. I judged from the sweetness of her expression. ' ' Oh, I see. Like most men, you give a pretty woman credit for all the virtues,' she remarked, drily. ' However, in this case yon happeu to be right, for Renee Duviiliera is — ' He pushed back his chair with a stifled exclamation of surprise. ' Davilliers.' he repeated. Is she a daughter of Raymond Davilliers of Rouen ?' ' Yes. You know him then?' 1 have heard of him, Madame/ ' You have heard nothing to his credit, I fear,.' shaking her head signifioantly, ' for, between ourselves, the Captain - wa-> a bad man. He began life with ev»ry advantage, bat, after squandering his fortune in all aorta of follies, he was reduced to living by his nits. He retrieved his fortune by a rich marriage, aud, though, of coarse, be soon ran through half his wife's money — she was an English woman, older than himself — Renee would have been left fairly well off, if it had not been for her own Quixotic self-aacridce. After her father's death, she found among his papers a memorandum concerning a certain Monsieur Mathieu, an ex-dancing master, of Paris, whom the Captain had, well, I'm afraid I must say ewiudled, out of ail his savings, under pretext of some brilliant investment, which only existed in his own fertile imagination/ ' Monsieur Mathieu mastJiave been a weak and credulous person,' her listener remarked coolly taking snuff. ' Possibly. But what was Raymond DaviilierB ? Even when he had it in his power to refund the money, he cruelly neglected to do bo, and left the poor man's piteous appeals unanswered ; for Renee found his letters, dated nearly twenty years ago, with the seals unbroken.' He had his remedy at law,' ' No, for DuvillierB had managed to kep on the safe side of the code Well,' she con- tinned, ' you may think how shocked his daughter was t>y the discovery. She never rested till, by means of advertisements in Parisian papers, shehad discovered her father 'a victim and m ide restitution. Her property being, unfortunately, under her own control, she at once refunded the greater part of the money, and undertook to pay the. rest in annual instalments out of the pittance she had left herself, which she proposed to in crease toy teaching/ Monsieur Silvain coughed, and changed his position abruptly. ' And thia person— Mathiea — bow could be accept thp repara tion. knowing that she had reduced herself to poverty in order to J ' He did not know it. The money was re funded, through her lawyer, in her father's name. She has never seen him,; anfl knows nothing concerning him, except wtf&t; his letters tola her. He furnished prtoofSko. his identity, but gave no informations tohie present position. Maitre - DelaUnay, of Rouen, was her agent in the mat ter — sorel y against his will, aB it deprived his son of a fortune ' . How bo V - ' , R-nee was engaged to be married to Maurice Delaunay, whom she had known from childhood, but when she insisted on beggaring herself, this notary and hCvrife peremptorily broke off the match, and aa the young man is dependent on his parent, he was forced to give way. I'm afraid,' she added, wuha sigh, 'that it will not toe an easy matter to find the poor child another pftrti Her companion shut his snuff-box with an indignant snap. 'You must have a poor a asssf j? ars» S'KKte&SV; What do beauty and goodness avail unless 5?reyw a goien frame? It is ntot cassette." Bat haah,' ehe broke in, 'Beam is coming back. a . tb?U with- 8OT«k'Sf b6m«,B1febthe her brows in a pnzzled fy0wn. 8 ' Ifc bald, Slowly our fan seems familiar to me/ ' | caLh thhfir S whom ifc is you remind me.' think 61 JavrerT.ure. RUea- Madame i ' Every man 11 said to have his double. I Id be Umaro | Mdind you/lie Baid, composedly 001 1 cu I . She shook her head. 1 1 Can., and now tbatl l look at y0a ai!6coll«ct I eemblMipe vanishes. 1 dareeay i ' I fancy,' she a« she opened hw M % I book Quce inetaiftd at the niJ n not allowed to leave it till her 1 exhausted, Monsieur Silvain petitS/I; 'n i nd again ; for just one tnore' sonJl 1 evening had meensibly paBsed awnv 11 At las®, suddenly becoming cotfefL, , L face that he had not yet cined thei?1- $ with a profusion of thanks 'and hen thebuleS> toad bowed himself out, Madame p16 " turneo to her companion and a. abruptly: 'Well, what do you / .neighbour?' lnk m, # Renee, wpo was -m', seated at the ratinmi: her fing«:r« cbmly overn,i vefcieeje.i ujund on cue music-stool keh, |/ ' I tnmktoe is "charmin?, , R replied, with a aroll imitation of hi« 1'. he ih a living anacbroniem, He ?!' to have been a functionary of the L insUad of a clerk under the Repablic0?'1 there is something quaint and ® . old-fashioned gallantry, and he has 1 one can trust/ M . / I am glad you like him,' her friM plied, complacently. I assure you thl? ? I returns the compliment with interest i fact, Renee, you have made a conqewt' i Tbs gitl lifwd her pretty bro-« witb .i . of laughiug incredulity. Really! I idea I wag so fascinating. But what susceptible old gentleman he must be r ' OUT her friend repeated, wHh some ». sentment. I don t know what vou call niT He can't be much over fifty/ " 4 Well, that Isn't exactly tits first bloom nf youth, is it ? 01 I ' It is the prime of life for a man. Andfo I doeen't look bis age. With such mod hS and teeth— ' | Renee broke into an irrepreseible Un ' Why. Monsieur Silvain has bewitched sight ! His luxuriant hair is the mowin. ! nocent wig I ever saw, and as for hia teeth- — | Well, It doesn't matter / Madame Evrard answered hastily ; ' a man's appearance it of very little consequence if he is eligible |D every other respect— which our neighbour uucoubtedly is. Rich, good-natured, and good-mannered occupying, it appears/ a r?. sponsible post untfer Government-let m tell yon, Renee, that such a match is not be oespised by a girl in your position.' 'Perhaps not/ ehe acquiesced, mildly, i ' but as I happened to be already engaged—!.' i Tbe widow let her knitting fall into hei lap. Engaged ?' she repeated ; ' to whom?' ' To Maurice Delaunay.' ' Did you oot tell me that the engagement had been broken off by his people three yean ago ?' 'Yes — but not by himself. He would baw married me in defiance of them, bufl toH ; him that I would not be his wife till— till I ; had fulfilled my task and cleared my father'c name of the stain of dishonour ' ' And you think he will wait for you? ha friend questioned, with a cynically comp&i-; sionate Bmile ; ' that shows how little yea know of men 1 You are living in a world oi dreams, nay poor child.' ' If love and faith and honour are dream;, what is real in life ? she answered sof ly, a ehe closed the piano. ' I am as sure of hit fidelity as I am of my own, and I bare confi dence in the future. 'Work, wait, acd trust,' that is my motto.' Madame Evrard shook her head in en> phatie disapproval, but was wise enough tc eay no more. In spite of her cheerful confidence, however, there were momeota when tbe girl's counge and spirits failed her ; and her heart grew sick with hope deferred. It was in one of these moods of dejection : that she set forth next morning on her .daily round, but she attributed her depression to ; the influence of the weather. It was a grey, melancholy day ; a chill xniet clung to the surface of the river and drifted along (be busy quays. As ehe crossed the Pont Neaf, Beoee paused for a moment to drop a cociiiibutKffl into the leathern wallet of the old woofieD' legged fiddler, familiarly known to Parifiittf by the sobriquet of 1 Pere Joyeux.' Fw more years than anyone cared to coaot, be bad haunted tbe same sheltered comer nut the end of the bridge, scraping away getically on a battered fiddle, whose shin mercy, notes made themselves heard above w the noise of traffic. Men might come toe men might go, but Peie Joyeux'e fiddle en for ever, in cheerful cefimce ot time change. He had grown to be t- garded mi public pensioner, and though he never at for alms, the Vgros sous came dropping® into the open wallet which was slung his shoulder. Coins of auy eort wen i »» very plentiful with Renee, faus ehe Be! , omitted to contribute her mite m ber if pilgrimage across the bridge, accompany" .thwdooation with a friendly liule nod mile, and sometimes a few words oi g«« Having depoei ted her offering in silence w day, she was passing on, /bwi J® violinist called her back, breaking on in middle of a bar. „ -w . / My little lady, you have given me piece; did yoa know?' _ . -od ' Yes, I have no coppers. it not a P#® one V she added, for he had picked it o tiie bag and was aying it curionj1 nodded, and stowed it carefully away i waistcoat pocket. . y .il ' Quite good, and a new one, too J . Lj ; keep it for lack, he replied, en® fiddle nnder his grixsled be«rd ouce td ( broke into the tone of ' Monsieur t(" . JDeuia.' 1 Do you retDPmber, ( The Renee found herself humming the -of the ioolisto song »s tM« Ah, yet. too well tbe ; happy hye-goae days when alJ the w g0f giorifisd hy the light of newborn bright they seemed, but how J back at them from the shauove® y It was Titile more than a ytvt V®® t 0ts || parted irom her love?, but th»T i year seemed to have put a 11 in spite of the tender letters Yi /w- joetid i crof»» . Pfr heart thrilled witMj® tfeed< | to tee him again ; to befit onctwH8 y familiar, voice wibioh to her was s music the world could give. . ' Renee !' . 4 .. . wo<r I She paused with A start, in10 inglv, balf- iucrednouely at the pj; | -whose arms she bad almost 1 occupation. It was 1 stood before her, looking down 1 liquid eyes of love/ r 1 Renee, don't you know me he | smiling, as be put obi his j her fl She .drew a. deep breath, Ktf|0a u H brightened all over H Oh. Manffobis II H could find to say, fl I VV I NliLvt I | I $Mblf Soa drtr? I I W®?.m them, on tha contrary that I 'Soo6 ADoearauce seemed almost I J "or 8?' she retufned. with a tiApffy Utfefa. I !«eic» 8. j® von were in Pjtns, | I iflo/one etae,1' tie relied, as he | r jior has ollRh his arm, and walked I dreff hs( Afc the present moment X am J oo ith £ be at Pontoise, where my father j HJP nna buaiueda miBBion. but, finding 1 n iesr to yon, bow could I resistthe | jofgelf8- „ of coming? I was positively touJP foJa sight of you. Oh, my darling, fi oresBiiTg her hand to bis. side, £&£. "«ti« to be t0«b" a„a.ri, ,f atoleu momenta. If you knew I fo1 ' heart has ached all these weary I to 1 my OWD'' she whispered. 1 au has the world been using yon, 'Ald?,t Bmce we parted a year sgoV he . iowu at ter teuderlj. I j ,i on the whole,' she responded! I F"r'Lnf 'moegh to tell the truth; I fiud j itb 5® gncceas steeper than I expected/ | tbed" vior your little feet to tread j To Tifl taak you have tffffifeftekeii is tot) I lone' Jr too Reuee. Why will ;#od not srJ5.w- -' ?ih!reP"t my hand to the plongb. aod I , lot look back,' she rejoined, with a ®c amile 'After all work la no hard- I ?hin one is jouug-»n-i when one has h 8 _ ua Htronc as mine. , flftn0 hardship that you should be . not rour youth in toil and poverty to /orither'e fanlt. while I. who „M so gladly take the task upon myself, | kept apart from you by my parent's! rgnplhe interrupted : let us not blame1 1 a... the living or the dead. We.aball not £ k pt apart for ever. If we are true to our- gives and >ach other, all will come right m that there was silence for a few mo- Jnts then they feU conversation again ; Sing of the past and the future, calling up tender memories, and forming happy Projects, oblivious of time and the world round therm At length the sound of a church clock striking the hour made Renee Start guiltily. Twelve o'clock I You have beguiled me into forgetting ail my pupils,' she exclaimed, "nasi- <re must say g'»od-bye now. No, do no;" come to Madame Ev turd's ; let our part- 1 inp words be Bpoken alone. And you must 1 remmhome this evening ; promise me that I well,' he acquiesced reluctantly ; j 1 but we shall soon meet again, for with my j father's consent or without it, I intend to I ipend New Year's Day with you, Till then, good- bye, sweet love. I leave my heart in jour keeping.' j ' As mine is m Fours, she whispered. A long, lingering ,look ; a warm close pressure of the hands, and they parted, 1 drifting away from each other into diverging currents of the city's living tide. j IL Six weeks had passed away. It was the I lut day of the old year. For the first time on 1 record Monsieur Siivain so far departed from I bis usual habits as not to leave home till 1 afternoon. Mart be, Madame Evrard'a comely I bandm&iden;, rushed into rhe salon, where j her mistress «ag sitting alone, to announce I this portentous event, J ' Aaa he was dressed like a prince, I Madame ! a brand new overcoat with a fur I collar and a bat you could see yourself in. 1 was to give his compliments and say that ht j would have the honour of waiting upon yon at four o'clock, when he hoped to find Mademoiselle Renee also at home.' 'Humph! I think I know what that j means,' was the widow's mental comment, -j as she took off her glasses and laid down the 1 paper she was reading ? ' he is coming to pro pose in due form. It has been evident for gome time to every one bat Renee berseli I that he meant to do so, though ehe persists j in treating him as if he were her grandfather, 1 not perceiving that her friendly familiarity 1 seeras like encouragement to his hopes. I haven't patience with the girl ! And now, to complicate matters, that tiresome young man. who I hoped was forgetting her, is coming this very evening! What am I to say to Monsieur Siivain ? Well,' she concluded with a shrug, ' I have done by best for him, and now I wash my hands of the matter/ j Meantime, her fellow lodger, walking with I his most juvenile step and throwing out his- chest to show the new overcoat to advantage, ; went blithely on his way humming bis favourite air of ' Malbrouck/ Across the hver, along the Boulevard to the Paliat- Boyal, where he entered a florist's shop ami puchaaed, at a fancy price, a superb bouquc of hot- bouse roses. ' Rosea in December — they are typical,' in thought, smiling to himself, as he watched theahopwoman enveloping this' treasure in Bauer. 1 Typical of ihe love which blooms in lifs'a winter aa well as its spring. Very good. I must remember to say that to my sweet Renee.' After a stroll through the brilliantly-lighted I Mcadea of the Palais, he turned towards I which he reached shortly before font I Oclock. I ' i'ne ladies are in the salon/ Mar the told I him, giving him an odd look which he did I hot notice ; there is a visitor with them, a I friend of Mademoiselle, who has just arrived. 1 1 1 Very good/ he answered absently, scaroelj I hewing her in his preoccupation. I The old bachelor's cheeks were flashed, I sad hiB heart beat fast, as he approached the 1 hoot of the sittingroom.' It was partly open, 1 am as he paused, fortively adjusting his 1 collar and cravat, he heard a soundof laughter 1 within ; Renee'a musical voice mingling with 1 the deeper tones of a man. Surprised, be I 2l.s'y opened the door a little wider ano j Ou me hearth, opposite to him, stoed j «<nee, flashed and radiant, looking up into ® handsome bronzed face of a tail, dark ened young felLow of three or four and twenty, ho had imprisoned both her hands in This cwu, while hia other arm, from which she was uQghingly endeavouring to disengage her- «« encircled her waist, ' . ' ' ' I bet me go, air j don't yon see that Madame rill j »oka Loxte scandalised? %he ex jjjaed, glancing at Madame Evrard, whose JMeased the most unqualified die- j i v,1' 18 at you then, not at me ! hedeelared. i naturally astonished that you j ect t be respectfully sainted by : u. . j041 — so !' and suiting the action to «« Word, he bent and kissed her. - the watcher started as if he had been hastily drawing back, before W- u. j perceived his presence, 'timed from «oer. Marfche, bearing his returning am'ft'j61®16 oal b r little kitchen 1 Mat at n ButpttBe. , compliments to the ladies, end ®atas they have a visitor I will not m# hi» ttinai,. 1 round. likem« fcrtoMa «f dream, then, becoming cori 1 f»m ,n '8 bmi' h« a-n theml with a passionate ejaculation and I h iH fn?fuSWD « the iable« let his head fall oji \ his folded arms, and cried like a child -:5la e.m®tlon had subsided, bnfc he wis still dhdr Buminons ac the outer iJ' He allowed it to be twice repeated ufiofh h®.5a6?d himself to answer it. At length, with an impatient shrug, he unlocked &M;„t£6d when he fi-d come to scold you, Monsieur Siivain,' j she began, with her sweet smile. ' Manhe ! u- ? . -\oa reTused to come in because j we had a lositor. Surely you did not think | you would be intruding? Monsieur Delaunay I wishes to be introdnced to you. I ought to tell you, she added shyly, 'that we--tbat we I are engaged, though our engagement has not I «he sanction of his family, and . She checked herself, noticing for the firs8 j time his unusual pallor and gravity. ' Yuu I i are not ill, Monsieur Siivain?' j , ahook hia head, smiling constrainedly. r H» only a little iow-epirited, and j therefore not likely to be good company this I .evening, sal will beg you to, excuse me.' 1 I am very sorry/, ehe said gently, putting Out her hand. | He took it in both his own, looking at her I I ?l'1 an expression of tender earnestness, Which she had never seen ou his face before. | We have all onr troubles-— you have yours j I also my child, have you not? But you are I young, and in youth, " though sorrow may 1 I endure for a night, joy cometh with the j I morning." I My " morning" -seems still far off/ she I answered, with a smile and a sigh. I . ' Have - patience, it will come — sooner I perhaps than you expect/ was his reply. I ' Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. ' I Good -night/ I Until to-morrow/ she cried. I He watched her out of sight, then stood I for a moment on the landing, looking down, I deep in thought. When he raised his face, J it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore 1 a look of resolution which gave it a new I dignity. ' Yes/ he muttered, 1 will do it ; ehe shall be happy. And as for me — well, I shall be no worse off than I was formerl -. Alions !' And, rousing himself from his abstraction, : he turned into hie solitary rooms once more end closed the door. The New Year began auspiciously with I brilliant sunshine and a cloudless sky.. Th ! domes and spires of Paris, lightly powdered with new fallen snow, looked fairy-like and serial, and when a light breeze stirred the river, every ripple flashed back the sun beams. On this great festival of the year, all Paris seemed to be oat of doors. The boulevards, with their long lines of stalls, were thronged with promenaders, the shops and cafes crowded with customers, while merry family 1 parties hurried along on foot or in carriages, 1 to pay the rouod of calls which French I -tiquette prescribes on the ' Joor de l'An ' J Renee and her fiance had spent the whole sunny afternoon drifting with the stream aiobg the boulevards. Infected by the universal gaiety, they had put aside for a time all doubts of the future, giving themselves up to the happiness of the present. To-morrow > ney would be parted again — -who could say for. how long? But to-cay was theirs, and they would enjoy its sweetness to the utmoBt Daylight was wauiog when at. last they rurned their faces homewards . Half-way crbas the Poat-Nenf Renee .paused, with a ; regretful exclamarion : ' I quite forgot Pere Joyeux !\ ' Who is be ?' her companion demanded. An old pensioner of mine ; a crippled I fiddler who always plays on 'he bridge. There be ist on the other side. Let us cross j over/ I ' Never mind now, Renee ; it is getting 1 dark, and beginning to snow again. Give him I something to- morrow. ' But this is New Year's Day, and it seems j unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look, he has seen me— he is looking so wistfully ! Stay here. I ebsll not be a moment/ I 'Wait — wait till this railway van has gone oast !' he exclaimed ; but she had already darted from his side. 1 The road was slippery with fresh-fallen snow, and when half-way acrosB, the girl's foot slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and feU jus in the track of | nifl heavy vehicle, which came thundering | along, drawn by two powerful horses. The I driver, on his high perch, did not perceive I what had happened till the by-Btanders uttered a warning shout, which was echoed I by a cry ofalarm from Maurice, as he hurried I to her assistance. I Quick as he was, however, someone else I had anticipated him. I Pere Joyeux, who had been watching her I movements, flung his violin aside, and before I Maurice could reach the spot, he had snatched her literally from under the horses nooie. i The startled animalB shied and reared, back- tug the van against the parapet, and there | was a moment of wild confusion and alarm before the driver succeeded in quieting them, j Renee. braised and giddy, leaned half- j 'ainting on the arm of her lover, whoae face I was scarcely less white than hers. J What an escape I' he gasped. 'Are you J hurt, Renee?' | No, no ; but where is Pere Joyeux, who J has saved my life V ehe asked, anxiously look- j tog round. 1 heard a cry — oh, what has j nappened f she broke off, noticing that an | excited crowd bad gathered on the pavement. The compassionate faces of the group I answered her before ehe made her way I through them and saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the aspbalte There was no sign of external injury, bat his face looked white and pinched, and there was n bluish shadow under his closed eyes. With an inarticulate exclamation of pity, i Renee knelt ht his side and raised hia head on to her knee, . ! He couldn't get out of the way quickly yiftngli, arid the horses knocked bim down, lauieone explaloed, and other voices in the crowd echoed the words with a murmur of re- jret and compassion. ' I The next moment a policeman approacnea, and alter a few brief inquir e, which Maurice j I answered, peremptorily dispersed the looker- ; I on, and hailed a passing carriage, giving the I order, 'To the Hotel Dieu/ I Tbelrijdted man having been carefnily ultea I in. Ren6e and Maurice followed, and the I carriage drove rapidly along tbe Quai de I i'Horloge to the ancient hospital which iookb I down upon the Seine. \ I pere Joyeux, etil unconscious, was once I carried 'o the accident ward, while MautKe I and Renee waited to learo the surgeon I aou of hie iDjarie.. Afrer wh»e eotrned 1 ae interminable interval, one of the hospital I jgjera appeared and beoken d to Renee. He haseiilenielihUsnlss and akfcT u,!ahe-said..vf/,Pi»rriopt . .m.PUSiur,,sbj: oiopd, as Maurice was about to follow, ' 'he ' yriehes to ehth.teadeoiHe'aone/' , . The girl's heart beat fast with sorne vhxfiS expectation which sbe Udi define, as , she followed her gtiide along an echoing stone corridor to the accident ward, a long narrow : apartment lighted by half-blocked windows j high in the wail, which admitted the last pale gleam of daylight A tali stove stood in the middle of the ward, and on esch side was a row of pallet-beds, most of which were occupied. The latest arrival bad been placed Lin one uear he doer, fbeltered by a screen. The surgeon, who was bending over him, straightened hindrelf as they approached, and. looked a" R nee he seriously hurt ? she asked, in an an x j ous w his per. " He is dying,' was the grave reply. ' He has sustained internal injuries which leave no hope of recovery. He drew back as he spoke, to allow her to approach the bed, but, after one glance at its occupant, she recoiled with a stifled cry of astonishment. The face on cbe pillow, though" familiar to her, was not that of ' Pere Joyeux/ ' You are surprised at. the change iu his appearance ?' the surgeon remarked, in an undertone; 'he had been wearing a false Dear a, and without it looks quite a different mhn.' It is possible that he — ' .. He left the sentence unfinished, as his patient moved uneasily, attempting to raise himself from the pillows . I ' Is she there ?' the latter asked, faintly. I When Renee advanced, a Bunden light irradiated his face ; be put out his hand to her with a smile. 'A happy .New Year, my little lady !' j The girl mechanically gave him her band, looking at him as one in a dream. Monsieur Siivain/ she breathed, in a low tone of questioning wonder. He glanced significantly at the doctor, who, j understanding the look, gave him a kindly j I nod and vanished behind the screen. j | ' Yes; "Monsieur Siivain" to you,' her old 1 friend said when they were alone, but your I father knew me as Siivain Mathieu.' j She started and coloured, then turned pale. What ! it was you whom my father wronged ?' she faltered. ' Dear child, you have repaired the wrong, and left me your debtor,' he gently replied. If I had known at the time what it cost y ou, I would never have accepted your generous reparation. Sit down ; I have a story to tell you — not a long one, fortunately/ he added, with a serious smile, or I might not have time to finish it. You know wbat was i formerly my profession ? I was a dancing- master ; the most fashionable in Paris during the Second Empire, but, having met with an accident, which crippled me tor life, I was compelled to retire in the height of my success. However, I had saved enough to live upon, and should have passed the resT of my days in comfort, if — if I had not been so | foolish as to risk my small capital in the hope I of increasing it 1 lost it, as you know, and, j after some years of struggl and privation, j which 1 do not care to recall, all other resources having failed me, I began life afresh, on a lower level, as— a street musician, who has since be n known to fnm by the name of Fere Joyeux. Don't look distressed ; I assure you that. the life suited me; I earned ! amply sufficient for my wants, and had grown perfectly reconciled to my lot, when one day, t ree years ago, I chanced to see your advertisement, and foand myself once more independent/ > ' And then ?' ehe asked, as he paused, . He glanced at, her with humorous gravity. ' Then, you naturally suppose, that I retired into private life. >So 1 did ; but, after six monthB of eaee, I found that I was dying of ennui. I ffelt 'as' if I had lost my identity. Who was Siivain Mathieu ? A lonely old man who nobody knew and nobody needed, whereas Pete Joyeux had hundreds of friends whom he Leonid, serve in his humble way. Yes, have I coi; seen hard faces soften and j sad ones brighten 'is I played? Have not my j old tunes touched a cord of bope or memory j in many a heatt ?' ' They have in mine, more than once/ she put in softly. / ' And then the Bohemian freedom of the j life, its constant interest and variety, gave it a fascination which, in soite of myself, drew me back to it..- So I returned to my old post. But for the last three years I have given in charity what I received from charity, and out of " bneitiees hours" I became — Monsieur Siivain ; the transformation being effected at quiet lodgings near the river, the landlord of j which wes in my confidence. Without my j heard and wooden leg < which was replaced j by an artificial one), I was unrecognisable ; I even you, Who knew me in both characters, | never gnesBed that Madame Evrard'a friend I wa the old cripple to whom for a year | past you have been a ministering angeL How I eagerly I used to watch for your coming ! j You were the sunshine of my life, long before ( I knew who you were and what X owed to yon. I Too mnch moved te speak, Renee laid her hand on hie. 1 The dear little charitable hand — how often 1 1 have longed to kiss it 1' he murmured. I may do so now, may I not?' and with the | ghost of his old gallant manner he raised it I to his lips.- I told you I should keep your silver piece for good luck,' he continued, ) more faintly ; ' see, here it is.' I He showed it to her strung round his neck- 4 My poor friend — it has bronght you mis- j fortune instead !' she murmured tremulously, ' But for me you would not be ' 1 ' Hush/ he interrupted gently ; what J better fortune can I have than to save yonr life and Seeure your happiness ? Renee, you will find a parcel in my desk, directed to yourself. I' restore your gift, dear — as I meant to have done— if I had lived. There is tie obstacle now between-yon— and— your I lover. God blesB you both. How dark it j grows— -and cold ! Do not be sorry for me, : dear— I am quite content/ he concluded, with a tranquil smile. A sudden shiver ran through bim, and there was a change in his face. Then - he drew a deep, quiet breath. Quite consent,' he repeated ; and with $he smile on bis lips he died. \- » A month later; when the first faint flowers of early spring were blooming on the old musician's grave, Renee and Maurice were married. ! On the afternoon of their wedding-day. I before starting on their journey into I Normandy, they crossed the Poiot Neuf once more, to pay a last visit to ' Pere JoyeuxV old haunt, and paused for a moment in The recess where he had been used to stand. The stream of .life flowed past them, 4 ever changing, never ceasing/ like the river beneath, which -the mellow sunset light had j tr<i.< stormed into a fl <od of molten gold. I 4 I am glad no one has t - ken his place,' j Rene said softly, after a moment ; it would seem almost like desecration. I fancy I AUr of bite Violin f It was like a frieudl/ voiCC io rhb in those dark 3ays which are past.' f ; Mho rice looked down at her tefi'deriy.. ' They were dark days indeed, my € Wev wife, hut now that the sunshine iB come, if t.eema all ibe brighter for the shadows we j have passed through. . ! Jhriice glauced upwards at the luminous primr ihe kj unflecked by a cloud from zenith t o hor»zoii. Yrs,' she answered with a happy s mils ; ' " SorVi/w, endured for a night, but joy fcae come with the morning ' ' ' b>, mji n lusji nwn we nwoaMMewwnwgl 