C'ONSECRATION OF THE RIGilT EEFV. DR. J. F. CORBETT AS BISHOP OF SALE. ! (BY ELECTRIO TELEGRAPH (cRON OUR sPECIAL CORRE?SPOxiT-r.) Mcinoeaxx, Thursday Evening. " The Consecration E f thelightle verend Dr. Corbett as first Bi.hop of Sale took place to day at St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, where as pastor the Right Rev. prelate has spent the lpstttwenty-four years.J Thdrdli'va ani imu mense concourse present, the church being filled in every part. Several Gippslaud ladies and gentlemen were present. Shortly after 10 o'clock, a procesion formed from the presbhy. ters" to the church, croosbearers and acolytes, clergy, Bishops, the Archbishop. of Adelaide, with the:Archhtshot ,f Melbonrnebrhringingp the rear. As the procession entered the church the choir sang Zingarelli's "Landate." The Bishop-elect was vested as a priest, and on arrival at the sanctuary after the vesting of the Archbishop-Comsecrator, he was presented be the assistant Bishops. the Right Rev. Drs. Murphy. of IHoart, and M are, of Ballarat, whi in the words of the pontifical. demanded the consecration of the elect. The Arch bishop demanded, in reply, that the apostolic mandate, or brief, be essad. This imnpoertt duty was committed to the Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty, V. F., Sale, as notaris o.f the L'Bilshop elect. Without this brief of appolintment from Rome, na bishop can be consecrated. By virtue of this document the Bishop-elect is in vested with full authority in the diocese overf which he is phlaced. After the reading of the hrief, the consecration was proceeded with. Any attempt at a descrilption of the'cere mosny within the hamite of a telegram s'odd ln " _o -raninofa n would be useleso. As the rite proceeded; the new lishop was invested with ring and Crozier, embhems of his spiritual marriage with the church, and of his pastoral authority. Finally, the mitre is plced uponhis head and he moves through the church adorned witlh all the episcopal ninignia imparting the blessing to the kneeling people, and truth tI say, Dr. Corhett looked every inch a Bishop. The "Te Deum" brought the ceremony to a close, and Father'Farrell, oneof the Redemp. torist Order entered the pulpit. He took for his text the passage of the Gospel of St. Matthew, "All power is given to me in heaven and .,n earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded to you : and, behold, I am with you always. even to the consummation of the world." In a discourse which lasted oise hour and twenty minutes, the eloquent preacher dwelt on the lessons taught by the event taken in its entirety, and by the details of the solemn ceremonial and sinhe in clear and beautiful language of apostalicity of the church known as " Roman Catholic." He in stanced, as docetrines held hy the Apostles andi the Roman Catholic Church to-dey in comman, the belief in the infallibility of the Church; in the inviolability of the marriage tie; in the excellence of perfect chastity; in the accept ablenesse of fasting; and pointed out that in no church, save the Church of Peter and of Leo XIII., were these apostolic views entertained and acted uoni . Dr. Corbett was highly eulogised, and the hoen was expressl tlht Giippslasd would become, in a spsritual sen.e, a perfect parterre of piety and virtue undler the care of the new Bishop. Art eloquent and touching peroration concluded a really good sermnon. This tes-ssnated tse proceedigs. in : the church, but in the afterneon the Arhl-ishssps of Adelaide and Melbourne, with the Bisheso of Hobart, Maitland, and Ballarat. and the GCasiljutor-Bishop of Sanldhurst, with a large nnmber sf cleiry and lay gentlemen were entrtlained by the new liashop. Among :the conmpany were some Gippsland gentlemen, and a very pleasantevenis, was spent. Tihe Arch biship and all the Bishops spoke in terns of praise of their new econfrere. Father Hegarty, in responding to the toast of "The Gippsland clergy," bore high testimsny to the faith of his people, and the zeal of the clergy who have been ass?wciated with him, and assured the new Bishspsof the i tter absnce of estrangement or unkindness between the members of the different churches. Hie said that the priest is well received in itp sland by everyone, no matter what his creed. The event is one of great imislortance for Sale. About fifty priests were present at the ceremony. 