A ? TOUNGE IN LOWER I. ATITWDES. ;r 'Ko:il ... . FBy.THK BOHTEMTA V 1 \- in spice ot the decs cargo it was a pleasant voyage on the Moonshee to Brisbane. We had calm weather and a bright sky, and soon began to skirt the varied coast. The company wa3 varied, too,' and not wholly disagreeable. Be sides the eighteen fore-deck passengers bound fox the diggings at Croydon, there were three in the saloon, one of whom was a Dutch Jew, an auctioneer, and another was an English Jew, a very thin man, who looked like the ghost of Shylock. He said he' had been told that the chief danger of a voyage - con sisted In the absence of exercise, and so he tried to walk about the deck, but not having Mb sea-legs on, he waa afraid to take steps of more than twelve inches in length. These he took very quickly in order to make up for their brevity, and this caused him to lose his balance so often that he was always tumbling ap against us. So we quite stood clear when he started on his walks and applauded him at intervals till he sab down. There waa a horsey man, loud in bis manners and attire, there were a few persona of the draper's assistant sort, and an elderly com mercial traveller who was anecdotic. Tiro lady passengers lay wrapped in shawls and sea-sick on the saloon skylight, children careered madly about the deck, but mo3fc of the men, including the captain, were usually grouped around the commercial traveller. This gentleman made them merry with two kinds of anecdotes, of ?which the one was expressed in words and the other in gestures only. The silent expectation of the company during the development of the latter, in some of which several had to act as lay figures, was worth seeing. Unlike Mr. Fronde, I travelled without a Sophocles, an JEschylos, and a Pindar, bo' I amused myaelf listening to the commercial gentle man until 1 felfc fatigued with the monotony of the enjoyment, when, turning in a sort of despair in search of other mental occupation, I observed a passenger whom I had not noticed before. .He was. a, tall man with scanty grey hair, a clean-shaved face, a large aquiline pendant nose, and a thick- lipped mouth drawn down at the corners like that of the professional, mute or under taker's man. He wore a high black hat, a long black surtout, and a pair of brown kid gloves, and he carried a silk umbrella, which served as a walking-stick. Such a costume on board a steamer at sea arrested my attention, aa did also the ex pression of settled and profound melancholy which characterized hia features and corresponded with his dress and manner. He held aloof from the officers of the ship and from all the other passengers, and walked slowly up and down with his gloves and hia umbrella. Satiated aa I was with the buffooneries of the commercial traveller, I regarded the melancholy man aa a aort of oasis in the desert of the deck, and resolved to make his acquaintance. It was some little time before an opportunity offered itself. When it did, I Bat down beside him/ and the folio wing conversation took place:— ; .- 'Nasty deck cargo,' I said. ; ' Yes ; a low set of fellows, I suppose,' said the melancholy man. ?; - . . ? . -. ? . * '. 'Ob, they are ; but I was speaking of the loading of the ship. It ia dangerous.' 'Dangerous !' he exclaimed. 'Ha! ha ! no chansd of danger when I am on board. I would say to the. captain, Ccesarem portds et fortunam ejus.' I am no.t bom to.be '.'drowned. I am destined to travel over the world, seeking in vain to obliterate the memories of the put by change of scene, and to bear the burden of my Borrows with me. Kb, there's no danger when J am aboard.'. I presume you are travelling for what they call pleasure?' He scarcely seemed to take note of my anawer, and continued — ' Yes, enjoy yourself by all means if you can. I have long since ceased to do so or even to attempt it. Painful domestic circum stances have made me a wanderer in search of occasional distraction amid changing scenes. 'Pleasure' ia to me only a name — vox et prasterect nihU — and I experience only, as it were, the ghost of it when new acenea for a few minutes engross the attention and sus pend the action of memory. But I need hardly describe myaelf. There must be many men like me ; don't you think so V ? The idea of there being many men like my companion neatly aet me off alaugh ing; but I controlled myself and merely said there might be, but I had not had the pleasure of meeting many. 'The pleasure, ha! ha! You make me laugh, sir, when you speak of ' the pleasure' of meeting a man like me. Very polite, I know, but I assure you the expression ia a mistake. Why, I make every man miserable that has to do with me ; aye and every woman too. Yes, air, every woman; any number of women. And, oh, how wretched they make me ! There are some men, sir, who are so constituted by nature that they exercise an irresistible fascination over women. I know not what it is— something in the blood, the nerves, the spirit of the man, that makes itself, consciously or unconsciously, felt the moment he approaches within the orbit, if I may say bo, of the woman. The fatal gifts of Venus are curses, and they are the sad endowment of those born beneath her influence. Of such a man, as of her own ./Eneas, it may be aaid — Caesariem nato genetrixlumenque juvenfce Purpureum, et tetos oculis affi&rat; honorea. Such a man— to my shame and Borrow I say it— am J. But, hark ! that's the dinner-bell already.' It teas the dinner- bell, and it rang just in time to give me an excuse for laughing. ' ? All right,' I said, ' your goddess grows cold without her victuals. - I won't say it in Latin. I'm glad you are not too wretched to eat.' After dinner I let the captain take mo in tow and show me his charts and give me a great deal of information as to geo graphy, geology, ethnology, and other things with which he waa thoroughly acquainted. He lived at Brisbane, he said, and they wanted an apron-string University there, so that their sons might enjoy the blessings of the higher education without losing those of home. I caked him whether he thought the admiring solicitude of an illiterate parent was an incentive likely to turn out a senior claEaic, or was a compensation for the boy's not mixing with the world. He said he had learnt his biggest lessons after being early loosed from the maternal moorings, and he meant his boy to pursue his scholastic career' at a distance. Then I sat and listened to the. commercial gentleman for a while till I got tired of him, and then took to tile melancholy man again. I found he had made the circuit of the Australasian Colonies, and I tried to extract from him the impressions he had derived, but this- waa impossible. He ;$ad visited New Zealand to escape the ennui of Victoria, landed in Tasmania because his sorrows pursued him in New Zealand, and returned by way of Victoria .to: Sydney, where he waa only deterred from taking passage for San Francisco because the paasengar-list disclosed the name of a woman who, he. was aure, had designs upon him. He wa3 now going to try the effect of Brisbane, and, if that failed- like the rest, he would make his way to Shanghai and thence to Japan He felt convinced that if he could get to Japan, and gat carried across the mountains in a Sedan chair borne by perspiring natives to ToMo, he would receive a set of new sensations' which would banish h« pain fnl thoughts more effectually. He had heard of it. and waa determined to try the experiment. 'But yet wherever I go and whatever I do,' he added, with a eigb, ' what does it amount to ? A new light) a fresh sensation, a transient tarm if pleasure, to be followed by a return of a lightmare of remorse. 'You are younger ;han I am — I am 50 years of age— and pou are still free from domestic burdens ; ant if you were my senior instead of my jonior I should ask you whether & nan has always to live on like ilia with all hl3 joyB mortgaged, f I may say so, to his memory, and all his itrength exhausted in paying the interest » his relentless creditor. Is the principal lebt never to be discharged ? Ia there 10 time at which a valve closes over the jast and allows the present to be enjoyed iree from the pollutions of regret 1 Or is ;here no medicine which can stay recollec tion at a certain spot, and leave the soul iree to assimilate more recent joys 1' ' It can be done,' I said, ' by adopting some occupation for the mind, taking plenty of exercise and paying studious intention to victuals.' ' I have a good appetite aa ifc is,' aaid the M. M., 'and I'm not fit for any occupation.' I said, 'You could keep cowb, could not you, and be a milkman % You would have plenty of work, and no time for thinking of anything else.' 'But you forget my painful pecu liarity, sir,' said the M. M , 'what I bad better call my fate. You forget the women; they would persecute me with their artifices and wiles. In fact I should be unable to serve my customers in safety. No, Bir, it would be a dangerous occupa tion, and you will forgive me for saying that till you have gone through what I have, you don't possess suffi cient experience to advise me. You may have come, like myself, of an honourable and ancient family ; you may have, imbibed academic learning from its richest repository, and may have acquired a knowledge of life from mixing ina cultivated society; but, unless you have yourself experienced the sorrows of the soul, you are incapable of becoming its physician. It would be of no use for me to be a mMk''^, and I'll wish you good night.' The next day I certainly did not trouble myself about the. sorrows of the M. M.'a soul, but derived an elevated pleasure from watching the beauties of the varied coastline, and a sort of depraved satisfaction from the mummeries of the commercial traveller. We were nearing our port, and there waa only one more night to spend on board. The M.M. was there on the deck with his black surtout, umbrella, gloves, and woful countenance, but we did not enter into conversation. Eating, smoking, and talking went their usual round, and it waa not till after the Bunwent down that I began to feel weary and ashamed of the emptiness of the day. The indented coastline, with its changing shades of bay and promontory, waa no longer visible ; the captain was engaged on his duties, and the commercial man, even if I had wanted him, waa not within range. Indeed I had sat for some time alone and engaged in reflection on the after deck, when it occurred to me that a word to the M.M. before going to bed would be only civil, and perhaps some chance remark from 'me* might serve as a balsam to his wounded spirit. Looking round I noticed that .the deck waa empty, but for the seasick ladies sleeping over the skylight. I listened and heard voices below. - The people in the cabin were playing at euchre. I distinguished the voice of the commercial traveller, the man with the horse was also there. But where was the M. M. ? He would not be playing euchre with these others, fchongh probably the Jew and the draper's assistants were doing so. But presently the cards ended, glasses clinked more and 3poona rattled oftener, and the voices grew louder. After a time I went down to see what they were doing, To my astonish ment I saw Bix noisy, laughing fellows, each with his tumbler, seated at the after end of the table, and, presiding in the cap tain's chair, was none other than the melan choly man! 'Here, steward,' he cried, 'one more all round, hot, with sugar and lemon as before. Look alive. Holla Bohemian! Why did not you come before ? What will you take to drink ?' 'Not having experienced the sorrows of the soul,' I said, 'I scarcely presume to be its physician.' 'Hang.that,' said the M. M , ' name your drink.' '--.'. '...'' I said I would take a sip of mild cognac . 'And now, gentlemen,' said the M. M., the tumblers having all been re-filled, 'perhaps you have not heard the last rage of the music halls in London ; so be fore we turn in, with your leave, I'll give you ' Two lovely black eyes.' ' He gave it very well, and waa vociferously applauded, after which the noby fellows went to bed. I could understand now why he would not be a milkman. 