CRICKET. BRIGHTON V. NEW NORFOLK. The return match between these clubs took place on the 10th Inst, on the ground of the former. It was anticipated that a close and exciting game would be the result, but the visitors were two men short, and besides that only two of the originally selected team was able to come; consequently New Norfolk placed a very weak team in the field against a strong one for Brighton, a fast and ostensibly a bowler's wicket, as can be seen by the scores below, the game being played on matting. V. Paul and D. Webb bowled through both innings for Brighton, the former taking 12 wickets and the latter six. O, Morey and Stevenson also bowled all through for the visitors, the former taking seven wickets, the bowling being far'' too good for the batting. The following are the scores : Mew NonroLK., , , Brighton. lit 2nd / , Jones '- 1 N; Paul . Lease 2 M. Hodgman Young - 2 0 , Jno. Pain ;.'. u A Msray . 2 1 Webb. Garey .... l' like. Partington '2.. Stevenson 2 0 W, Paul Lloyd 0 2 J. Manuel!.. W. Cooper .. 0 0 0. Hodgman N. Hiller. S 0 R. Wilson .. W. Hindi."2 39 A. Webb A Allwright 1 60 McLoughlin Sundries." Of O'' Sundries' '... Wkia's RAin Balsam. If gray, renders to original colour. An elegant dressing, softens! and beautifies No oil nor grease A tonic restorative Stops hair coming out strengthens, cleanses, heals seal]). Bknoeh'h Sklv-iucistitr Food.-Dclicloul and highly nutritious Kcioiniuondcd by the leading physicians and the whole of the medical press. For infants, delicate children, and all of weak digestion can be taken when all other foods disagree. Awarded the gold medal of the International Health Exhibition, London, Of all storekeepers in tins at Is 6d. Vi Ol' and lia Manufacturers-Mottorchoad and (Jo , Jil Manchester, KliKlaml. Agents Melhourne S Kelton. Grimwade and Co Byrine), Elliott Bros That Ghost Dosikstio Invkntiun or tub Day. -Kennedy's Star Brand Starch Gloss, the fancy dresses true friend, gives pearly gloss, and beautiful finish, to all starched fabrics ; makes old linen look new. Packets, Bil , boxes, (6d. Grocers, Chemists. Rocke. Tompsett and Co., agents, Melbourne Are) you weak or depressed in spirits? Then try Dr. Scott's delicious Quinine Wine-slcengtlions the whole system, and stimulates the appetite, Mer 