TOWN TALK. On i-h fi fourth page of this issuo will ho found the following news matter :—Killed by the Fall of a Church Wall, The Perils of the Deep, St. Patrick's Society, and Ban nockburn Shire Council. Kenter telegraphs that during the course of a special interview with M. Radowitz, the German ambassador at Constantinople, ou Monday, the Sultan declared that the only obstacle to his ratification of the convention prepared by Great Britain with reference to Egyot was the opposition manifested thereto by the Mussulman population of that conn try. From Sicily comes the dread news that cholera is again prevalent, 42 cases and 2o deaths being reported in one day in the province of Catania. In the Legislative Aesombly last night Mr Andrews asked the Chief Secretary if the report of the engineers for the permanent supply of Geelong with water had been received ; and, if so, would he lay the same □pon the table of the House. Mr Deakiu, in reply, said the report had been received, and would be laid before the House in due course. The attention of the members of the works committee of the Geelong Town Council was directed yesterday afternoon, iu:_ Latrobo terrace, to the want of a proper crossing closo_ to a culvert in the terrace, just after rounding the corner oi Johnstone Park, and leading to Spring-street, The channel close to the culvert on the east side ef Latrobe terrace is inadequately protected, and at night time it becomes a source of great danger to pedestrians. If it were slabbed a further distance ou each side the liability to accident would be greatly les sened, whilst a light in the locality referred to would greatly tend to improve matters. This subject ought to commend itself to the representatives of the "Villamauta ward, for there is no reason why the ward should not bo as well lighted in dangerous parts as the other wards of the town. The last English mail brought intelligence of the death of Mr Heotor M'Lean, C.E., on the 4th June, at Broughty ferry, Scotland, after a painful and prolonged illness, borne with Christian fortitude. Mr M'Lean will be remembered by old residents as town en gineer of Geelong during the construction of the streets under the Gabrielli loan. His judgment and capacity as an engineer are shown in the efficient way in which the works were planned, and the substantial maonor in which they, were carried out. In private life Mr M'Lean was a true friend, and was much esteemed for his Integrity of cbaractor and kindness of disposition among many old colonists, who will hear of his demise with regret. A meeting was held yesterday afternoon of the joint public works committees of the Geelong Town Council and the Geelong West borough council. The objeot wa3 to oonfer with respect to the culvert over the drain on the east side of Latrobe Terrace, and sitnated in the town boundary. There were present at tbo meeting, which took place on the culvert :—The mayor {Mr Wm. Bell), Aid. Heakin and Strong, Or. Humble (chair man), and the town anrveyor (Mr Balding), representing the Town Council ; and Or. Smith (chairman) and Mr A. M'Williams (borough surveyor) representing the borongh of Geelong West, i The town Corporation were asked to lower the channel on the east side abont 12 inches, and to a length of about 10ft„ with the object of expeditiously carry ing away the storm waters which, it is alleged, lie in the hollow of the terrace, between the park and Messrs Hodges Bros*, brewery. The members of the Town Council committee were unanimous that if the roadway were raised about 18 inches, with sloping sides from the crown of the Terrace, the water would be thrown into the channels on either side. The ob jection to this was the want of funds by the borongh council, and after a considerable discussion on the subject it was agreed that the matter should be reported to a meetiug of the public works aommittee of the town, to be held this evening. The many friends of Mr J. D. Robinson, .bo popular auctioneer of the firm of Messrs Robinson, Barns and Sparrow, will be pleased to learn that he is steadily recovering from a very severe attack of bronchitis, which has necessitated his absence from bneiness;for nearly a fortnight, Mr Robinson was able yesterday morning to leave his bsdroom and to enjoy a little exercise about the house, bat he is not permitted to veutara at pre sent ontside his residence. The inhabitants of Iuverleigh have de termined to beautify the streets of that township by meauB of tree-planting, without waiting till municipal assistance ib forth coming to enable them to carry ont the wotk.' On Monday a number of the residents organised and commeDOed a " planting bee," some digging holes in suitable places for the receptiou of the trees, and otbers planting and watering them... About a dozen specimens were planted, and it is intended te resume the work on Saturday next. Money to defray the necessary expense has been obtained by pnblic subscription. Vive cases of drnnkenness comprised the whole of the business dealt with at the Police Conrt yesterday morning, before the Mayor aud Messrs Psrdey and Tally, Je.P. Catherine Daly, an aged female, exoased herself by stating that she had walked from Mordialloc to see her son, who was em. ployed in the town, and that while refresh, ing. herself after the long jonrney her discretion had momentarily forsaken her. Upon agreeing to leave the town with all possible despatch, she was discharged. When a yonng man named Daniel Brosnan entered the dock, the police informed the bench that he had been bronght to his senBts on the previons evening by accidentally stepping over the side of the 5 arra- street wharf into the water. 'Til allow, yonr worships,'! ruefully interjected Brosnan, "that I made a great fool of myself ; I went the wrong way and planked right into the water." The police farther intimated that the man had been rescued with some difficulty. He was fined 5s, or in default 24 honra' imprison* ment, as were also the next tenants of the dock—a batcher named Joseph Kirby and a laborer named William Kingwell. The fifth prisoner was a woman named Mary Johnston, stated to be a resident of Geelong Weat, who wae discharged. Yestesday afternoon information was received by the depnty coroner from Ser geant Boyle, of Colao, atating that a man named Edward Lowndes, aged 98 years a resident of Gerangamete, 17 miles from Colac, died suddenly at the former place early in the morning. The deceased had not been attended by a medical man, and there was every reason for believing that death was the result of the deceased's ad« vanced age. A telegram was sent in the aftornoun by the depnty coroner to the police at Colac, atating that it was not necessary to hold a magisterial enquiry. On Monday afternoon an adjourned meet ing of the Local Board of Health of the Newtown and Chilwell Borough Council wbb held on the site of the proposed tannery to be erected by Mr Windmill, jnn., at Riversdale, and within the boronghbonndary. Opposition to the erection of'the tannery, on the gronnd that it would become a public nuisance, was shown by several mem bers of the board. Tha" majority, however, considered that there wae no reason to anticipate that the tannery would be a nnisanee, aud a very strong disposition was evinbed to offer greater inducements to manufacturers and otherB to settle in the borongh and endeavor to for. ward its general interests. It wa3 resolved to grant Mr Windmill's application. Experiments have been reoently made by Mr It. J. Murchison, of Jan Jnc, and a conple of gentlemen, residents of M elbourne, with a certain mixture for . which are claimed enpererior destructive powers on all kinds of vegetation. It has been principally applied to ferns, young trees of the eucalypti varieties, scrub, briars, eape weed, and sorrel, with the result that in eaoh case total destruction of the vegetation has followed a light applioation of the mixtnre. A pro tective patent has been taken out for the compound, the ingredieuts of which are, of course, secrets known only to Mr Murchi. son and hia friends. The small packet of dwarf or common fern (whioh grows on sandy gronnd) sent to this offioe for inspection shows that the parts exposed to the air have been destroyed, but It is claimed that the mere sprinkling of the mixture has a greater effect,and that its action completely kills the lowest roots. Next week, how ever, it is intended to test the efficacy of the patent upon the dreaded Californisn thistle, which is growing luxuriantly in some parts of Bnngaree, in the Ballarat district, and the results of the test will be anxiously awaited by farmers and otherB. The patent mixture is said to be a cheap article, and it is said that its application to weeds, etc., does not iojure the soil. Yesterday afternoon a meeting of the creditors in the insolvent estate of Mr J. A. Treadgold, butcher, of Geelong, was held before Mr N. J. Maude, chief clerk of the Insolvency Conrt. There were present- Mr John Davison, assignee; Mr A. C. Willis, manager of the Geelong branch of the Union Bank ; Mr Geo. M. Campbell, of the firm of Messrs Armstrong, Howe and Co.; Mr Learmonth, of the firm of Learmonth, White and Co.; and Mr Buckland; of the firm of Messrs Taylor, Buckland, and Gates. It was resolved that the estate should be assigned to Mr Geo. M. Campbell for realisation at a remunera- tion of five per cent, on the gross proceeds of the sales. It was also decided to place all moneys received in the Union Bank. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending July 14th, 1887, amounted to £42,551 10s 7d, as compared with £39,782 6s ld for the corresponding week in 1886. Passengers, parcels, etc., £21,532 4s 7d, as against £20,563 2s 10d in 1886, Merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £21,019 6s, as against £19,219 3s 3d for the corre- sponding period in 1886. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £97,699 14s 2d, as against £96,538 0s 1d last year. Weekly ave- rage (2 weeks), £48,849 17s 1d, as against £48,269 in 1886. Miles open—1887, 1880 ; 1886, 1743. A Perth telegram reports that Hughes has been committed for trial on a charge of murdering Constable O'Connell, at Fre- mantle. He will also be charged with the attempted murder of Constable Carroll. A cablegram per the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Association reports that up to the 16th inBt. a total quantity of 5S56 bales of wool had been recovered from the wreck of the ship Darling Downs. This leaves only 1S96 bales to be accounted for, tinman bones were found by the police near Penrith (N.S.W.), whilst searching for a reported ghost. It apDears (says the Ttll' graph correspondent) that a foul deed has been committed, and that the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but, not having proper tools, he tried cremation, A hole, started for the gravo, wae found near' the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to have been seen, -George Kibitz, of Pifth-avenue. New York, was, sayB the Eerald of that city, dandling his little ono-yoar-old son on his knee on Saturday afternoon when he noticed a dark grey, 8hort*»legged spider crawling on bis child's hand. Before ho brushed the insect away tha child gave a cry of pain and its hand began to swell. A doctor was called and pronounced the obild poisoned by the spider's bite. On Sunday evening it died after intense suffering. Jules Joubert, of the Alexandra Theatre Melbourne, theatrical agent, whose estate was couipuleorily sequestrated on the 14th July, filed his schedule on Monday. H0 gives as the cause of his insolvency pressure of creditors and the recovery of a judgment for £535 by Clauscen and Foley. The debts amount to £34,602 0* 8d (unsecuredcreditors £12,869. secured £21.732). The assets are— Real property, £36,000 ; personalty, £180 ; a total of 36,180, which leaves a eurpln oj £1577 19s id. ,well-known American medical nwn states that he hs3 discovered a new disease already firmly established among telegraph operators, bat fortunately confined to them. The continual tapping on the telegraph k**v cause* the operator's finger nails to drop cff Several cases of this new disease are already noted among the older Beriin operators, bu: ■whether it is infectious or likely to spread among non-telegraph people has not yet been determined. In its introductory notice of the latt Ascot Cnp day, June 9th, the Times, afier remark angthat the number of visitors who saw the gold cnp won by Bird of freedom this year was estimated to be the largest which ever assembled upon the heath, declares that tiT ifre Tf f 3ne3tion Ait, as regards the beauty of the women, the lawns at Ascot present such a spectacle as can be seen at no other race meetings in the world, unless rt be at hlemragtou when the Melbourne Cnp IS abonfc to be run for-^ Itfohn, a Norwegian physician, is reported fiave been able to care whooping- cough by means of mhalariopB of eniphnroua and to ande. In the first instance this w as done accidentally while disinfecting some rooms, subsequently it was done by burning «Tt drachms of snlphnr per enbic metre of space ? the bedding, &c.;, being well exposed to ita influence. After the room had been closed for four hours, ventilation was restored, and the children put to sleep in the beds impreg nated with the sulphurous vapors. In the morning the cough had ceased. As there is a decided epidemic of the distressing com* plaint all over the country, there will be no lack of opportunities for putting this treat ment to test. The following is a plan for the disposal o he Bcih Belief f and as submitted by the 1 executive committee at Sydney ; It pro posed to pay each widow £30 and an annuity of £30 for life ; to each child £10 cash, and an annuity £10 Tintfl recipient attains the age of 15 years; anS to en-h dependent, such as mother, sister, or tolher dependent, £20 to £30 cash, and an annuity of £10 to £30. In every case annuities will he paid quarterly. The sum of £300 is proposed to be set apart for two or three special cases where larger grants are deemed advisable, the intended recipients having arranged to leave for Great Britain. A meeting of the general committee, whose deci sion will be final as to the allocation of the ■Bnlh lund, will be held in abont a fortnight, i The fund now amounts to £37,900. I Mr Chamberlain recently made a remark able speech on the great question of the hour to the members of the Liberal Union, fie spoke (says the London correspondent of the Argus) with great confidence of the future. " The game of lawlessness and disorder is npat last," and the Gladstenians "are becoming tired of marching through Coventry at the heels of Dr. Tanner and Mr Labonehsre." It is Mr Gladstone who now makes advances, bnt, says Mr Chamber lain, " I am no longer sanguine of the pofsL bility of ^ reconciliation." 11 If reunion with the majority involves the acceptance of the Parnellite yoke I prefer to keep my tieck free." Then Mr Chamber Ian points oat how, althongh Mr Gladstone has tossed his plans to the winds, he is still determined to settle Home Kule on lines agreeable to ' the Nationalists. ' The executive committee of the Melbourne ! Centennial redhibition has received a com _ '■ Mtmiu StilB ICIiCtt CU 3 gfifrw mum cation from his Excellency the "Viceroy of India, expressing regret that financial reasons prevent the Government of India from assuming an official position in connec tion with the Exhibition, bnt that the Government would do everything in its power by giving publicity to the Exhibition to induce private persons to exhibit. It has been decided to ask Mr Deakin to — — —aui ascatou to telegraph to England through the Governor in order, if possible, to obtain a recooriJera » —<■ v/muu u tcvjuMuefao tion of the matter on the part of the Indian Government The consul for Switzerland has intimated that the great nrepirations that are being made by the Swiss Govern, ment for the Paris Exhibition prevent them from preparing for that to be held in M«-l bourne. Leslie's American Illustrated ssys of the British occupation of Egypt t—'"It is certain that England will not evacuate Egypt. She did not go there in order to come away again ; she went there to stay. Mr Glad stone was unquestionably honest in his declaration that England wonld leave Egypt with clean bands; bnt frets have abun dantly shown that Mr Gladstone is too conscientious to be a typical English states man. He is rather the ideal statesman, of whom Mrs Browning had a vision ; the man who lore3 truth and justice, guand fneme, more than Shakespeare and Shakespeare's country. He gave np the Ionian Islands to Greece and earned, in doing so, the contempt of Prince Bismarck ; he made peace with the Boers, "victorious over England ; and he is fighting a Homeric fight for justice to Ireland. His policy is not the policy of England. This is, to have and to hold, to take and to keep, by fair means or by foul. England lias acquired control of the Suez Canal ; she holds Gibraltar, Malta, Cyprus,^ and Socotra, and she has gone into Egypt to remain there. Everv power in Europe knows this, and there is no one of them that will not think several times before attempting to drive her oat. Greedy and oppressive as she is, she is a great power, and will hold at any cost a position she believes to be of vital necessity. She is preparing for the Knsafrn advance to Constantinople j and putting her house in order in the East, if not in Ireland. Time, she thinkg, is on her side- bnt time brings opportunity to all, and not even the J Island Emplre is safe from retribution." 