fmrirnETCT i irtMPESi ra*j?oiKT.i Saturdays cricset on me uvai aoea nos call for much comment. The Norwoods made a lot of runs against the Hindmarsh, only to be expected. Lyons once more ais played splendid form! and had. very hard ruck in getting out. McKenzie was steadier than usual, and I thought he played better cricket than he has Bhown for some time. Liston_ was once more to the fore, his total this time being 64, and both Gooden and Harcns made runs, but the wicket seemed tame after Ly odb left. Next Saturday we shall probably see Jarvis bat, and there will be some curiosity to see how he gets on with Lyons. The South Adelaides had no difficulty ia beatirg the Adelaides, thanks to Godfrey, who made 75 not out Griggs batted well, and McKenzie and Kemp did some good hitting, but as usual Godfrey was the main stay of the team. The Adelaides were several men abort, and I never saw a team take less interest in the game. The intercolonial team to play against Victoria haa not been finally selected yet. Since last week A. Wilkinson has been com pelled to relinquish the idea of playing. Those chosen at present consist of the fol lo'wing : — G. Giffen, Jarvis, W. Giffen, Lyons, Noel, A. Slight, Godfrey, Knill, Kemp, Haldane, McKenzie. One other ia required. There is a probability of Giffen being well enough to play after all Hia wound ia almost healed, and on Wednesday he had a little preliminary practice — the first for some . time. A telegram from Victoria Btates that a conference will be held in Melbourne at the time of the intercolonial match with the object of making some alteration in rules 21 and 24. The Hindmarsh Iiterarys still maintain the lead in the Adelaide and Suburban Association. On Saturday they easily defeated the North Adelaides. The Norths only made 42, and this score was passed by the Literarya with 7 wickets to spare. Dumont aeain bowled well for the winners, his 7 wickets costing only 23 runs. The Unley Parks playing againBt the Hindmarsh made the tallest score which has been got in connection with the Association this season. Going in first they remained at the wiokets until stumps were drawn, when they had 259 for the loss of only 7 wickets. V. Eichardson played a good innings for 77, and J. Eyan with 53 not out also batted well. Absolom got 55, but his play was not altogether faultless. The Bowden Tyroa easily disposed of the Ade laides who could only realize 56. The Tyros won with 8 wicketa in hand. The Norwoods were rather severely handled by the Adelaide Young Men. The latter went in first and totalled 109. Skinner led with 31; but Tomlmson, who made 28, played the better cricket of the two. The eastern club replied with 42. Skinner getting 5 of their wickets for 12 runs. This afternoon will be devoted to continuing unfinished matches. It is very seldom that a bowler bags the whole of the wickets of the opposing side, but last Saturday week H. Bfiid of the Port Centrals, following the example of J. Lyons, did the trick against the Port Juniors at the trifling expense of 11 rung. Since I wrote last week three more cen turies have been made, making the total for the season forty-eight. J. Eeedman, for the Tritons, on Saturday got 162 not out against the Adelaides, and A. Eobertson made 118 for the Avenues against the Oswalds. On Wednesday, January 26, on the Adelaide Oval, A. T. Chandler, playing for the Press, made 110 runs very quickly against the Bush men. In the Goodfellow No. 1 Association the Australa batted first against the South Uniteds, but contrary to expectations the total reached was 158 all out. Their batting taken all round waa very poor, Amos, Delanev, and Leak being the only exceptions, and this too on a really first-class wicket. South bowled the beat for the Uniteds. The fielding was not very good, Holmes at point being the best. The Uniteds have lost 3 wickets for 24, Leak obtaining 2 for 6. Both matches between the Post-Office and Tele grapha and Kent Towns will, I think, prove the moBt interesting played this season. In the laBt match the Telegraphs were the first to bat, but only made 100, and the Kenta haye lost 5 wickets for 60. I think the latter will just about win this match. The bowling on both sides was very good, and at present the Telegraphs have one of the best, if not the best, bowling teams in the Association. The Adelaides will in future hold the Tritons very greatly in respect, as on last Saturday the latter compiled the splendid score of 294 for 4 wickets. Eeedman made 165 not out. This is the largest score yet made in the Association, and is without doubt one of the finest exhibitions of junior cricket yet given in the colony. Only a .shadow of a chance when he had made 50 can be urged against him, and hia innings cannot be too highly spoken of. Palmer waa next highest scorer with 70. The fielding of the Adelaides be came very loose at the nnish. lie Jsoutn Parka kept the wickets against the Blue Eibbons, and at call of time had lost 9 wickets for 190. Brandenburg played good cricket for 50 not out, as did also Watson and Selway for their runs. Davi3 was the most success ful bowler for the Blues, securing 5 wickets. The fielding of the Blues waa moderate. The decisiona of the delegates who rule our Junior Cricketing Association are as peculiar as those of some umpires. It is not long ago that the Adelaide and Suburban Association, in solemn conclave assembled, absurdly decided that a player could not bat if he had . not fielded, although hia side fielded a man ohort to be in a position to make use of his batting powers. In the Ade laide Cricketing Association a dispute has recently cropped up between the Ariel and BankvUle Clubs. It appears that the Ariels scored 50, and rhe Bankvilles 26 for 6 wickets, when the ball burst. Naturally enough, the bat3men declined to proceed until a new ball was procured, and this not being forthcoming they claimed the game, but not before refusing a request from the Ariels for the loan of a ball to complete the innings. Had the Bankyillea loaned their ball (which, by the-way, is not an unusual practice amongst the junior clubs) all further heartburnings would have been avoided. A deal of con troversy has arisen over the matter, which is now to be adjudicated upon by the Associa tion Committee. The aspect of the question, which appeara to have escaped the notice of all partieB, ia that the umpires were quite ignored in the matter. They were really the only persona qualified to decide whether the ball was in a fit condition to play with or not. The Eev. G. Berry's team of northern cricketers are to arrive in Adelaide on Mon day. On Tuesday they will play the North Adelaides, on Wednesday the Goodfellow No. 1 Association, on Thursday the Nor woods, on Friday the Combined Colleges, and on Saturday the Intercolonial Twelve. The various teams will be chosen from the following :— L. Wilson (Lyndoch), W. Moffatt (Mount Pleasant), H. Bischoff, E. K. Thom son, E. Burton (Gawler), E. H. Coombe, A. E. Weeks, E. J. Hiscock, F. Leak (Gawler Union), Sam Plush, Sea. PluBh (Nuriootpa), J. Good, H. Dyer (Alma), W. Hurn (Angas ton), and C. Noack. Many of these are known to me as beine really good men, who will, I feel sure, give a good exposition of the game. I should much like to have seen A. Eoss in cluded. He is a slow, curly bowler, who has been very successful recently. At the end of last season a good deal of correspondence took place between the Gawlera and Gawler Union Crisket Clubs anent the question, ' Who are the pre miere f The matter was never very satis factorily settled, but both clubs at the be ginning of the present season determined to finally decide the knotty question. Accor dingly, it waa understood that three two innings matches should be played out. I have already chronicled the fact thatthe first match was won in a very decided way by the Gawlera by nine wickets. The second of the three matches \?as finished on Saturday last, the Gaislers again showing their supremacy. Going in first the Gawlers put together 169, C. Bischof 55, and A. Eoss 41, these two colts batting in fine style. The Unions replied with SO, of which E, H. Gpombe made 26. Following on they opened with E. H. Coombe and Folland, the latter being bowled by a beauty from Bischof, the ball just taking the leg bail. Hiscock filled the vacancy, and after making 5 gave a chance which was not taken. Coombe who had not been shaping well to Eoss'3 Blows, was out in a remarkable manner, for a ball ran right up high over his head and fell on to hi3 wicket, the batsman not knowing where the ball was. Apart from T. Coombe. who made 17, none of the others excepting Hiscocb did anything, and the innings closed for 171. Hiscock was not out for 64, but as he gave no less than fiye chances— two being ridiculously easy Ms innings cannot be said to have been a good one, although his score was a very useful addition. With 83 to win, the Gawlera opened with Burton and Ey. At 28 Ey was finely caught in thj slips. Eay C3tne next, and the score was taken to 56 when Eay was smartly stumped, hia total being 15. Thomson followed, but after making 7 waa caught and bowled by Weeks. H. Bischof and Burton then obtained the required number to win the match, Burton being 54 not ont — one of the best innings he has ever played, and not giving a ghost of a chance. In my notes of October 30 1 asked, ' Who are the premiers,' and it is evident the Gawlers have answered the question, so far as -this season ia con cerned, to their entire satisfaction. So far the Gawlera have lost one match, and that by only 1 run. 