.Spirited Away. ?.?.?* ?'-;? IN THREE CHAPTERS. (Ohninicrt's). . -, — CiiAmfn I. ? It. was about 8 o'clock on a certain Novem ber evening, in tho year 188 — , that I found lnysolf ono of a number of passoiigcrs disgorged from a train on tho platform of the St. Panoras Station, I was just turned 19 yoars of ago, and this was the first timo I had set foot in London. My journoy had been a long and tedious ono, and I was thoroughly chulod and worn 'out when I stopped out of tho carriage. I had started from homo at 6 in tho morning for a 12 miles' walk to tho nearest station, and after that had spont hour after hour, first in 0110 'third-class carriago, and then in anothor, for my homo was in a romote distriofc many miles from any main lino to tho motropolis. I may just add that I had but lately recovered from a long illness, having outgrown my strength — or so my friends avorred — and to that fact somo portion of tho woariness I now felt was no doubt attributable. However, hero I was at last, roally and truly, in London — in tho great city. It was tho con summation of tho dreams 01 my youth, as it is of the dreams of so many hundrods of am bitious country- bred lads. I hid not luggago to dotuin 1110, tlio solo nrticlo I had brought with me being a small handbag containing a fow necessaries ; my portmanteau was to follow in tho courso of a couple of. days. As I was making my way towards tho exit, I caught Bight of the . refreshment-room. I had had nothing to cat siuco morning but a fow biscuits,, and now tho pangs of hunger begun to make themselves fult. I pushed - open the swing-doors of the restauriuny. and going up to tho counter I asked for a cup of coffee and a couple of sandwiches. Wlulo 1 was being served, I counted over again ihe small amount of money in ray purso and asked myself whether I could afford to tako a cab to my destination. Why not walk ? . Tlio night was young, said the street in which my friend lived, being in tho heart of London, could not be moro than two or, nt tho most, three miles away. Besides, thcro soomed a spico of adventure, something that would servo me to talk about in timo to coino, in finding my way, utter stranger as I was, alono and by night through tho streets of London — thoso streets about which I had road so much, and had bo often pictured in my thoughts. I de sided that I would walk. Here it becomes needful to mention that my destination was tho lodgings of a certain friend, shiill bo Gascoigne. I call him my friend, and such he was, although he was four years older than myself. Wo woro both natives of tho 3:11110 eraail country town ; his parents and mine were old friends ; and owing to tho similarity of our tastes and pursuits he and I had been much thrown together up to the date of his leaving home to push his fortunes in London. Wo had kept up an unbroken correspondence after hi3 departure ; aud now that my father had lighted on evil days, and it became imperative that I t-honld turn out into tho world, Gascoigno had at once come to tlio resouo. I mustleavo horns, he wrote, and tako up my quarters with him till ho should succeed in finding somo situation that would be likely to suit me, which he had littlo doubt about being able to' do in the courso of a few weeks at the most. Aud thus it fell out that hero I was in London. Outside tho station, I found a policeman, from whom I inquired my nearest way to tho Strand, in a street off which thoroughfare Gascoigno's rooms wore situated. Tho night was dump and raw, with a sort of thin, wot mist in the atmosphoro, which blurred tho lamps and tho lights in th6 shops a littlo way off, and made tho pavement greasy and un pleasant to walk on. But littlo recked I abont the weather. I was pacing London'streets, aud to mo, for the time being, that was all-sufficient. The coffee had wanned me ; tho fatigua J had felt previously was forgotten as I walked on and on in a sort of waking dream. More than once I had to ask my way, anil more than onco' I wandered from tho direct road; but at tho street I was in search of, and two minutes later I knocked at tho door of No. 16. My sui'.imous was responded to by a middle-aged woman — Gascoigns's landlady, as I afterwards found— who, in answer to my inquiry, informed me that my friend had been called out of town two days provionsly on important business, and was not expected home till Mie morrow. I turned from the door with a sinking heart, fooling moro lost and lonely than I had over felt before. I was in the heart of the great Babylon, and kne.v not a single soul out of all the teeming thousands around mo. Presently I found myself in the Strand again, and there I came to iv halt for a littlo while, gazing on a scono so frci-h and strango to mo. Tho glare, tho uproar, Iho interminable tauglo of vohiclos, th» hundreds of human beings, young and old, rich and poor, passing ceaselessly to and fro, winding in and out without touching each othor liko midges dancing in tho sun — all thoso affected my spirits liko a tonic, aiid in a very littlo whilo put all morbid fancies to flight. What if I wero alone in London without a' creature anywhere that I know — thoro wero thousands of others in a similar plight. Gas coiguo -would ? bo back on tho morrow, and lor this ono night I must make a shift with a. bed at Eomo decent colfeo-houso or inexpensive hotel. It wns too early yet to think of turning in. It would bo timo enough an honr hunco to sot about finding quarters for tho night. I wandered on, heedless whithor my foot steps might lead mo, my weariness all but f or gcttfn in the novelty of tho scenes which mot my country- bred eyes at overy turn. As tho clocks wero striking 10, 1 found mvsolf on ono of tho bridges, gazing over the parapet at the liluok- flowing iWor as it washed and swirled through tho arohos undor my foot. A thick fog was slowly crcopiug up, and oven whilo I was gazing at the fringe of lamps on somo other : bridge, its dark mantle closed, round them, and shut them in as completely as though they hud nover been. A fow minutes later tie fog had reached tho spot where I was standing, and had caught mo in ft damp, Biokly embrace, which in a very littlo whilo sufficed to chill mo to tlio marrow, and blotted out as completely as with a wet sponge all tho seething world around nib. ? . 1? iicii a ui-guii lu uiuvu again aiccr my nalt, I realised for tho first time how thoroughly weary and dead-beat I was, und that I must no longer delay seeking out a lodging for tho night. Tho fog was thiokening fast, and it. was impossiblo to seo moro than throo or four' yards in any direction. In my bowildormout, instead of turning back towards tho Strand Bide of tlio bridgo, as my intention was, I soom to havo unwittingly crossed to tho Surrey sido, seeing that a fow minutes later I found mysolf in a maze of narrow! 'tortuous stroots, in which gin-palaces and fried-fish shop's soomod to b3' tho chief places of ontertainmont; I wandered on, turning' from ono thorough fare into another, feeling in that thiok, blaok fog more utterly lost and bewildered, ovdn in tho streets of London, than I should. havo dono if sot down at midnight in tho hoart of SnliBbnry Plain with nothing but tho stars to guido mo on my way. In tho distriot in which I now found myself thoro soomod to bo no email hotels where a stranger might find cheap but decent accommodation for tho night —nothing but flaring tavonis and low coffoo sliop?. Three or four of tbeso latter I passod which, ovon dead-beat as I was, I could not : summon up courage to enter— thoy lookod too unsavoury and repulsive to a youth of countri fied tnates liko mys'lf. At fongfch I oamo to ono which seemed moro promising, than 'any I had yet seen — cleaner and noator iu ovory way, as far as I could judgo by peoririg through the window. Itwa8 morely a coffoo-shop, w!th eomo cups and saucers and a fow muffins, teacakos, and other comeatibloa in tho window ; but what had moro attraction for mo than any-/ thing else- was tho welcome logond, ? ' Good beds,' painted in blaok lottors on tho lamp over tho door. I hesitated no longer, but pushed open the swing-doors and onterod. My first glanco round Bhowod mo that tho placo was one much frequented by foreigners ; imd when tho eafelier hhnsolf came down tho room to inquire my pleasure, I saw at 01100 that, whatevor olso his nationality might bo, ho n-aa certainly not an Englishman. My wants wore simple — a chop and Bomo coffee. I put tho question of bed asido for tho prosont, till I should havo soon moro of tho plaoo and its freqnonters. Tlio cafetici- answored mo with much politeness, but in vory broken English, that my requireinenta should bo at onco attended to, nnd that, meanwhile— with a comprehensive, ?vtavo of his hand— U10 newspapers, English and foreign, .woro at tho sorvico of monsiour. Ho did not look much liko a coffeo-housokeopor, with l)is long grizzled hair, his high bald forehead, his dark dcopsot eyes, in each of which glowed a apark of vivid fire, and his thin white hands ; there Kcemed about him too much of tho air of a man of breeding and education for such an occupation. Ho was still addressing himsolf to me, when tlioro was a cortain irruption into tho room of a littlo black-oyed, short-haired, bullet-headed waiter, Fronch or Swiss most probably, in a blaok jacket and short whita apron, who, dancing up to me, took possession of mo at once, divined my wants in a moment, and pirouetted off to fetch mo my coffoo, pending tho cooking of my chop, leaving his master extinguished, so to speak, both morally and physically. ' Ah, Joan .will uttend to monsieur,' Baid tho latter, putting his hands to his sides, and straightening his long thin back. 'Jean, ho is good follow, and will mako monsieur comfortable.' And with that he lounged slowly away to a small counter at tlio upper end of the room, behind which he Heated himself, and became at once immersed in tho perusal of some foreign journal; I was still looking at him, sitting with my arms folded over tho table, when . my eyelids closed unconsciously, and I dropped asleep as I sat — but only a fow moments, for Jean was quickly at my sidn with tho cofl'co aud a roll, flicking somo imaginary crumbs off tlio -tablo with his ierciette as a polite way of arousing me. A draught of coffeo imparted new life to mo for a time, and I could afford to look round with some degree of curiosity. In all, thero wero about a dozen peoplo in the placo. Two or throo customers got up and went away, while others oarao in and took their places. Others thero woro who seotnod habitual frequenters of tho place, and sat playing draughts or dominoes, smoking their cigarettes, and sipping at their coffee or chocolate between times. Only ono horo and thero was English ; tho rest of them wero un mistakablo foreigners, of various typos and nationalities, but all readily recognisablo as such even to my untutored eyes. Nimble handed Jean was equal to the requirements of each and all. Seated at one of the narrow tables on tho opposite sido of tho room, and facing- tho door, was a man who took my attention more than anyono there, tho cafetior oxcoptcd. Ho was a full- cheeked, heavy-browed man, not tall, but strongly built, and with somothing of that added corpulenco which so ofton comes with middle ago. Ho hod close- cropped iron-gray hair, which stood out liko a stiff stabblo in every direction ; but his moustacho and imperial wero jet-black, and therefore presumably dyed. He had n rather thick aquiline noso, and ho woro a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles; but onco or twico I caught a glanco from his eyes, which wero steel-gray in colour, so koon and piercing that his assumption of artificial aid for them seemed somewhat of a mockory. Ho was dressed in a tightly-buttoned black frock-coat, and woro a wisp of blaok ribbon round his neck, tied in a formal littlo bow under his turn-down collar. His trousers were dark gray_ in colour, and his feet wera encased in a pair of broad-toed var nished boots. His rather largo plump hands were white and shapely, and his filbert nails were carefully trimmed. Ho looked so supsrior to tho general run of the other frequenters of the coffco-shop whom I had hitherto seen, that ho hud an air of being altogether out of place. Ho neither spoke to nor was addressed by any one except Jean, who served him with his chocolate, but seemed immersed in tho con tents first of ono foreign newspaper and then of another, several of which woro spread on tho tablo in front of him.' Still, notwith standing his seeming indifference to everything that was going on around him, an impression somehow got possession of mo that not a man entered or loft the placo without being keenly scrutinised from behind those gold- rimmed spectacles ; wliilo more than onco I had an 'un- easy consciousness that I was tho object who was being photographed by that coldly pene trative gaze. , ?. As soon as I had finished iny ohop, Jeanipamd to clc-nr the table, upon which I took the opportunity of saying to him: ' I shall require, a bed hero to-night. I suppose you can find roomformoi'' , . .'. '??'?'.'?('? He stared at mo for a moment or two in' open-eyed astonishment. ? Thori ho suid : ' Monsieur is mistaken. Wo have lio beds for strancers here.' 'Then why havo you ; tho -announcement of ' Good Beds ' painted up on die lamp out-ndo '{' ' I demanded a littlo holly. .-...-. Jean shrugged his shoulders. ' Ah, that is a mistake— all at onco a mistake,' he answered with his strong French accent. 'The English- man who had this placo hoforo Monsieur Karavich used- to let out beds ;' but Monsieur Karavich, who has been hero but two months, does not. No.' . ? At this jnnbturo M. Karavich himsolf ap peared on tlio scene. Ho had come to ascertain what the discussion was :ibout. Ho put a question to Jean in French, . and the latter 'iwnvim lllllt tUlUUlJ JU bUU MU1UU lUllgjUllgti. ' Jean is right, monsieur,' said the cafetitr to mo in his broken English, which I hud somo difficulty in comprehending,. and with an air of polite deprecation. 'Wo do not lot out bods to strangers. Tho lamp sh-sll be altered to morrow. I am sorry — truly sorry, monsieur.' ' So am I sony,' I answered stoutly. . '-'I am an utter stranger in London, nover having set foot in it till three hours ago,, and I know no moro whoro I am than the man in tho moon. Beuides, think of the fog ! What am I, a strangor, to do if turned out into tho midst of it ? Tou can suroly find mo a bod somowhoro. I don't caro how linmblo it is — and it's only for ono night. Put your head outside tho door, monsieur, and see for yourself whether on such a night you would turn even a dog into the streets.' ? Tho mfe/ier spoke to Jean in some language with which' I hud no acquaintance. Jean re plied volubly as usual. ? Then tho enfetter spoke again, but this timo his voico hud an imperative tone in it such as I had not noticed boforo. Jean turned palb, and replied; not in words, but by turning out the palms of his hands and spreading wido his fingers. It was an answer replete with significance. Turning to me, the enfetter saidj in his alow, hesitating toucs : ' I will find monsieur a bed. : Ho is a stranger and, an Englishman and olaims my hospitality ; . that is enough for Fedor Karavich.' :?..-: ...... ',.-? .1 did not fail to thank him. He smiled faintly, made mo a littlo bow, and wont slowly back to his counter. When I turned ray ejros on Jean ho was scowling at mo most unmis takably. What could I possibly have dono to annoy tho sprightly little man ? ' The stranger with the gold spectacles pushed away his newspapers and roso to go. Joan helped him on with his fur-lined ovorcoat, and as ho did so a quiok whisper passed between the two. Then Jean left him. The Btranger put on his hat, and coming down a pace or two till ho stood close by the end of my tablo, ho proceeded to leisurely button up his coat. I : happened to look up, and our oyes met. The Btruiigor siniled, and said in n soft, pleasant voice, -in which thero was tho faintest por coptiblo traco of a foreign nccont,'' Pardon, but I think - I heard monsieur say just now that ho was a stranger in London; ' Is that not bo ?'??'???? '?-???- ? ? ? -?' '. v.-v.;.v.J,i' ' Quito a Btranger,' ? I roplied/'V I only arrived horo threo hours ago, and wus nevor in London beforo. '' '' ' . ?* : .. ?' ??'?,'.*??''.'?-' '?''?' I;was' glad to havo soriiebno to'spoak to, wore it only this pleasant-voiced foreignor ; it soamed .. .in BOino measure to take off tho edge of.-my loneliness.'. ' ',, . .' ' :' ?.':?;? ;, ' '?? 'i.''''. : 'Again pardon,' said tho other; ''but monsiour would naturally find the ' fog ' outside rather bewildering. All, your-English olimato'! Ho would bo puzzled, for instanoo, to find his way from this house to Charing Cross, or even to tho nearest bridgo ; is it not so f ' 'Faith, you'ro right tlioro,' I answered ?with'alaiig'h.' 'I have not tho slightest idoa of tho locality of this houso, nor evon on whioh side of tho river it is situated. But daylight will solvo my diffloultios in that respeot.' f Ah, that daylight is a groat tell-tale,' answered tho strangor, with the ghost of a shrug. 'Bon Boir, monsieur; I hopo you will sloop well; and havo pleaBant dreams.' Again tho same inscrutable smilo flitted across his fuco. Raising- his hat slightly, ho. puehed open the swing-doors, and pasaod out ' into tho fog and darkness. It was growing late by this timo. Besides myself, there wero only two oustomors now loft in tho placo, who Boomed still as intent on their tramo of dominoes us thoy had boon whon I went in. Summoning Joan, I asked to bo Bhown to my room. Tho bedroom into whioh I was shown was vory dirty, nnd as to tho bod, tho olothingappoarod to my countrified oyes accustomed to the suowiest of linen, far too ..dingy to bo at all inviting. It seemed to me that Mie sheots had not been changed for a considerable period ; but, bo that as it may, I had no inclination to trust myself into too close contact with then' dubious purity. I was tired enough to Bleop auywhoro, and had there been anything in tho shape of an easy chair in tho room, I would havo mado that my couch for the night. What I did was to tako off my collar, boots, and coat, lie down on tho bed, turn up tho counterpano over mo on both sides, and lay my coat over that. Thou sands in London that night had a far worse bed than mino. Leaving tlio end of caudlo which Jean had given mo to burn itself out, three minutes later I was in a sound, dreamless Bleep. CltAriEn II. : I awoko suddenly and with a start, having, while in flie act of stretching mysolf, brought my foot into violent contaot with one of tho rolls of tho bed. Tho pain arising from tho blow waB so acute as to put sleep out of quos tion for a timo, so I sat up in. bod and stared about mo, not that thoro wus anything to bo Boon, not oven tho outlines of tho window. Eyory thing was intensely still ; somo hours had probably elapsed sinco my coming to bod, and no doubt tho inmates of tho houso had rotirod long ago. Tho neighbourhood wns a quiot one, apparently some distance removed from any main thoroughfare, as not even the noise of a passing cab or vohiclo of any kind broko tho silence — nothing, in fact, save tho footsteps of somo bulated pedestrian, or, it might bo, tlioss of a policeman going his rounds. ' When my foot became somewhat easier, I lay down again ; but my brain was in full activity by this time, and I fell to nvjaing over ?what I had Been of London during my after dork ramble, and to builling castles in tho future. I was as wido avrako as ovor I had been in my lifo. As I lay thus, tho black silence 'was broken by tho faint croaking of a door, apparently that of the room next my own. Was it merely ono of thoso unaccount able noises with which all watchers during the night season are more or loss familiar, or was it caused by human agency p It was probably U10 eafetier or Joan stealing quietly upstairs to bed. I had no means of ovon guossing tho time, and, instead of being asleep for hours, as ?I had imagined, it might not yot bo much past midnight. Burglars would hardly caro to visit so poor a domicilo ; still, it was just as woll I had shot iiio bolt of my door beforo getting into bed. But, hush ! what was that ? Foot steps passing my door, nnd then softly ascond ing tho upporflightof stairs. Somcono was cer tainly moving about the houso. But for what purpose? And now, thero was tho sound of more footsteps following the first. Dcadsilence for a few moments, and thcu footsteps again, but so hushed and stealthy that it was only by holding- in my breath, and listening with aU might tlnit I could hear them at all. What could be the meaning of proceedings so mysterious ?. Wliilo I was still puzzling over this question, and debating with mysolf whether my wisest plan would not bo to go to sleep and troub'e mysolf no further in tho matter, tho door of some 'room overhead Boemod suddenly to bo burst bpon, followed immediately by a heavy trampling of feat, then aloud, sharp, inarticulate cry, a pistol shot, tho sound as it woro of a brief struggle, and then nothing but tho 'low, stern tonoa of someone who seemed to bo giving orders or instructions, ' and after that, a minute later silence again the most profound.- But I was out of bed by this time ; and groping my way to tho donr, I pushed back tho bolt and turned tlio handle, expecting, of courso, that the door would open without difficulty ; but it refused to yield to my efforts, and a moment or two sufficed to convince me that it was, fastened from the outside. I. pulled at it with all my strength, and then made oak that: it was held merely by a rope, which, yielding Blightly to' my efforts, loft a space of a couple of inohes between the door and the jamb. Planting one foot firmly against the wall, and pulling opon tho door with ono hand as fur as I could, I felt in my pookot with, the other hand, found my knif 0, and opened it with my teoth; then pushing tho long, sharp blade through tlio spaco between tho door and tho jiimb, I cut through tho rope that hold mo prisoner. A moment later I had bounded up the Blaira and had burst into one of the uppor rooms, guided by a narrow fringe^ of light which shone from undor the door. The sight that met my gazo was a strango one. .Tho room was of considerable sizo, and seated on tlio edge of the bed, and only partially dressed, but bound and gagged, was the eafetier, while no great distanco away stood a group of fivo men, in one of whom I at once recognised tho stranger with the gold spectacles,- although he wore no spectacles - now, while another was Jean, tho waiter. .-: The other three men I had nevor to my knowledgo soon beforo. In tho middlo of the floor arovolvor lay.unhoodod. ' Xlio .eyes of all present turned on me like lightning, as I burst into the ' room. Thoro was a moment or two of dead silence ; thon the strangor, whom for the futuro I will call M.Legros,' in order to distinguish him from tho othors — although ho was certainly not a Frenchman— strodo towards mo with a frown,' and demanded by what right I had intruded there. . .... .-? '.'.' .''?'?. ?; '(By the right whioh every man has^ to in trude when he hears a cry for help, and believes there's villainy afloat. ? . : 1 ' Ah,: bah! you talk liko a child,' ho answered. ' Thcro is no' villainy afloat hero, young 8ir — of that you may rest assured. ' We aro neither thieves nor assassins. What wo are in npwise concerns you. Since you have chosen to intrude hero, where' 'your presence was certainly not required, you have only left ono course open to me. You must take tho conse quences of your folly.' Ho spoko a fow words rapidly to tho throo strangers in a language unknown to me, and Before I know whut was about to happen I found myself seized, gaggedj' bound, and strapped down to a chair, as helpless aa a new-born babe. . ; ' '? .'. ' '. 'I am somewhat grievod to have to treat you thus,' snid.M. Logros to mo ns soon as I had in some measure ? recovered . ray breath ; ;'. but your own rashness has put it out of my powortb do otherwise. ? I may. howovor, toll you this for your comfort : no harm shall befall you -provided, you obey implioitly tho ordora that'may be' imposed upon you; 'But should you make 1 tho slightest effort to esoape before, tho time comes when I shall be prepared to bid you adieu, or should yon endeavour to attract , the attention of anyone, you may rest assured that that moment will bo the last' of 'your life.; I pray you to tako my words in till seriousness. Wo aro hero to do a cortain thing, and not a dozen lives will bo allowed to stand in tho way . of our doing it.' ' Xi ; ? i . ' Hjb tones wero lowybut very storn ; his keou steel-gray oyes soomed to pioroo mo through. ' I never saw u face on, whioh determination and strength of will* were more dearly; impressed. Ho was ovidohtiy.'a man ivho, whotlinr for good 01 ill, wohld ?keep' his' word. / I'gldnoed at Karavich. Ho was deathly pale, but his oyes i glowed in their cavernous orbits with a sort of gloomy firo, and tho^e was nothing, of diBmay or craven fear in tho deep-seated gazo'ho bont now and again on his oaptbrs*. , Who and what was ho ?' What was his orimo? , '.-'Vyiiut'liad'he done that ho.should bo thus soized and.gaggod in tho middlo of tho niglit'in his own houso, and in the lieart ofXbndon? Tlicn, too,',who and' what wero' Logros': and hia . confederates ? I 'almost forgot my own predioament for a littlo ?while -..??in.- asking myself,' theso ? aiid. i siniilarr 'questions.' ?.'?''?'?? '*???;?'?*'.'?'? ; ?','.. ''^.'. Legros nnd tlio bthorBjWoro talking in tones' that woro 'scarcely riiisod above* a ; whispar. When -thus ..convorBing, among, tliomsblvos both then Vjnd' alter wardsi tlioy omployod . a ' language1 with' whioh : I had no acquaintance!. It may havo boon Russian, . or Polish, or Hun garian. I hayb littlo doubt it was ono' of tho threo, but which ono I did not know then, and I -do not know to this day. Suddenly Legroa, after glancing nt his wateh, hold up a warning finger, and silence at onco fell on iho group.' Thoy all stood bb if listening' for somo oxpeoted found. A minute later it came — tho slow, heavy tramp of someonb passing down tho street. Could it bo tho night poliooman going his rounds? Just na tho man, whoovor ho might bo, wes pjissing, L?gros glanood at tho window, and my oyes involuntarily followed tho direction of his. Tlio window wiis shaded with heavy ourtauiB, now olosoly drawn ; tho room -was dimly lighted by a singlo oandlo only; from the street, even if tho. night had been a clear ono, tho houso must havo soomod wrapped in darkness. ' The silenoo in the room remained unbrokon till tho last faint echoes of tlio footsteps outside had died away. Ab if this woro a signal that had been waited for, all now becurao aotivity. Jean fetohed my coat, boots, and othor articlos from my bed room; tho bonds that fastened mo wero un loosed, and I was told at onco to complete my toilet. A similar procoos took placo with, regard to Knravioh; but whereas, whon he was fully dressed, his arms wero at onco strapped down again, in my caso, by Logros's orders, tho bonds wero dispensed with. Both of us, howovor, wore still gagg od. Prosontly, a noiso of wheels wero faintly nudible, which momentarily grow loudor nnd moro distinct. A long dark cloak, tho col'-ir of whioh effectually muffled tho lowov part of his faoo, was hastily thrown ovor Karavich's shoul ders, -while a wide-brimmed soft folt hat was placed on his hood. This dono, ho was conducted by two of tho men from the room, nnd I heard all three descend tho stairs. By thiB time tho vehicle, whatever it might bo, tho noiso of which wo had heard, had drawn up opposite the houso. Half a. minute later, wo heard it drivo away, and presently all sDund of it was lost in tho distanco. Had Karavich been forced away in it? And if so, why, and whither was ho being takou ? But scarcely had I timo to formulate tho3o queries in my mind boforo the noiso of approach ing wheels became audible for tho second timo, A cloak, similar to that in whioh tho eafelier had been enveloped, wob now thrown over my shoulders, ind tho collar tumod up round my faco. After a few whispered words of warning from LogroB, I was told to follow him downstairs as noisolossly as possible, whioh I proceeded to do, the fourth man bringing up the rear. By this timo tho second vehicle had drawn up opposite the door. The fewer part of the house and the shop woro in utter darkness. Legros took me by the . hand, nnd guided mo tho way I was to go. Somo one — Jean, I take it to have been — stood by the outer door, and opened it silently as wo drew near ; and bo, without a word, we three passed out into the street. Tho fog had thinned somewhat, but not to any groat oxtont. The light of a lamp on the opposite side of the' stroot showed liko a faint blurred point of ftarao seen from afar. A vehicle, which by that dim light had all the appearance of- an ordinary London four-wheeled cab, with a man seated on tho box, wus drawn up close to tho kerb. So much I wnB enabled to boo, but no more. I was hurried at once into . the vehicle ; Legros and tho other man got in after mo; the door was shut without noise ; the windows wero drawn up ; Jean, whom wo left behind, said something to tlio driver, and a moment later wo woro boing driven rapidly away. I was utterly at a loss to know tho timo, but judging by the solitudo of the streets and. tno infrequeney with which wo encountered any other vehicles, it must havo been still very early in the morning. Even if tho night had' been a perfeotly clear one, there was nothing in our appearance to attraot the notice of the most suspicious of policemen. A cab containing two or three occupants at an early hour in the morn ing in London streets is too common an object lo call for a second glanco from anyono who may encounter it. » Wo wcro a silent party. None of us Bpoko . after wo entered tlio vohiclo. My companions lay back with folded arms and.. thoir hats drawn over their brows. Whether they wore r asleep or awake it was impossible for mo to determine. My thoughts had ample timo to busy tliemselves with any number of porploxing problems beforo our drivo came to an end, which it did, as nearly as I could judgo, ia about nn hour's timo. Wo had got off the paved Btreets somo timo boforo this, and wore now driving over an ordinary macadamised road. Suddenly wro drew up, und tho same moment my two companions became on tlio . alert. ??????? . ... . . ? ' - 'Pardon mo,' said M. Logros, as ho drew a Bilk muffler from, ono of hia pockets, ' but it is . .. necessary that I should blindfold you for a few minutes.' Tlienheadded: ' Do implicitly as you dro told ; havo confidence in me, and no., harm shall befall you.' .. ., . (To be. continued.) 