AN OLD WOMAN BURNED ALIVE BY HER CHILDREN. A shocking case of murder has been tried before the Assizes of the Loire et Cher, France. Some peasants got rid of an old woman of 70, the widow Lebon, of whom they were to inherit the little fortune which ehe scraped together as a servant when a charwoman. The widow Lebon had two sons and a married daughter, whose hus band was implicated with the other three iu the shocking crime for which they have been tried at Blois. It was committed in the daughter's house at the village of Laneau, ia the Sologue, near Chambord, whither she retired about 18 months ago when broken down by age and a life of hard work. Having fallen into a stage of second childhood, ehe had become irksome to her children, and they could not utilise her in any way, she, as one of them eaid, not having as much strength and intelli gence left as would enable her to weed the garden. Au attempt was made by passing her off as a mad woman to get her into the lunatic asylum at Blois ; hut the doctor, on ascertaining that she was merely in her dotage, refused to take her in. From that day she was cruelly treated, and the moment the neighbors heard of her death they suspected her children. The cause of her death, the son-in-law stated, in the mayoralty, where with her sons he went to declare it, was her having, when all the family were engaged in the fields, fallen into the fire, where her body was found in a charred state. The declaration was made after nightfall. The Mayor ordered an in quiry. A gendarme was sent to make a re port on the state of the body. He found the carbonised remains on the hearth. The head alone was not burned up. According to the gendarme the legs stood out from the rest of the body like a pair of black crutches, and the right arm, which was parched up and twisted, was forced back around the neck, just like the .'wing of a trussed fowl. The gendarme further ob served that the different members of the family contradicted each other and appeared ill at ease, but neither horrified nor grieved at the sufferings the poor old woman must have endured. Next morning the inquiry was renewed. The sons contradicted them selves, and on being hard pressed accused each other. They were arrested, and the evidence of the old woman's gandchild, an intelligent girl of eight, justified the Mayor in ordering them to be locked up at the mayoralty until an examining judge was fetched. The grandchild stated that as they were all at dinner in the evening her mother suddenly said, ' We must get rid of the hag.' The child's uncle, Alexander, who had arrived in the daytime from the place where he lived, some miles off, then rushed to the bed where the old woman was, and, seizing her by the feet, dragged her towards a big fire which his brother, brother-in-law, and sister had piled up on the cottage hearth. The old woman cried and screamed and then was able to cry no longer. Two little brothers confirmed what the girl said. They were all bo frightened that they crept into the bottom of a press and remained crouching there while the old woman was being burned. The children also told how when she was on the floor.' petroleum was* poured on her clothes, and that she was then pushed over with a long hayrake to the fire. The traces of mineral oil on her nightcap bore out what the grandchildren said. Cupidity was tiie' motive which urged on the four peasants to commit this crime. They wanted to get hold of about jB40 which she bad saved, and-aotfto be fet the cost of feeding her. It appears also that the sons of the widow Lebon were afraid their sister would ? get . Tjold of lb|s 'Bum if their mother died jp natural' ileath, and that ea they both lived in a distant village of the Sologne they agreed to prevent that by a murder, the idea of whiph the sister acceded to at once. The counsel charged with the up-hill task of defending these moiiBters Bhowefl great Ingenuity. He dwelt on the fact that the whole four were habitually religious, and that the old woman had been hardly burnt to death when they all four went straightway to the cure' to bear their confession. He did so, and was horrified at what they told him and at their moral callousness ; but as they madedeau breasts he had to shrive them and to keep. their secret, but he gave them heavy penances to perform. Next morning the woman was the first to enter the village church, where she stayed during the Matins service and long after, as if trembling from a nalsv. and he&tinc; her breast and saying, ' Mea culpa !' The four murderers on their way to the thus bought come yards of white or Blessed Virgin's ribbon, but the cure' was dining when they arrived, and told them to come back. A little later they insisted on him blessing the ribbon, which they cut up, and each fastened a piece round his or her neck. The theory of the defence was that they burned the old woman because they thought her a witch. In the Sologne, witches, ghosts, and goblins are still believed in. The widow Lebon in youth haid had red hair and squinted, so tnat sue was counted unlucky and to have an evil eye. She had, when left a widow, to .emigrate to Bloie to avoid the contumely attached to her in her village as a sorceress, and was supposed .to have caused cows to ran dry, and pigs to be attacked with measles. When the poor old woman was being burned the murderers cried out to the children, who had got into the bottom of a press, ' Pray for her soul ;' and they themselves recited the litany for the dying and the Be Profundis, One of the sons admitted that he not only helped to carry his mother to the fire, but trampled on her chest to hold her well in it. Alexander, the most humane of the lot, but a weak-minded, superstitious fellow, said that he had come on the day t-f the crime of his sister's house to see his mother entirely from a sense of duty, because he heard that she was ill, and that when, as he was smoking a cigar in the garden of hie brother-in- law, he was told how she was to be burned, he became -too eick and miser able to eat any dinner. The following dialogue was held between him and the presiding judge : Judge : What took place when you sat down to table? Answer: My sister shut the outer door, and said ' You just atay there. ' We must burn the old witch; if you don't help, we shall burn you.' She and her husband, who held a knife in his hand, then rose and pushed me towards the bed. (Here the accused wept bitterly.) The Judge : And you helped to carry your mother to the fire made ready for her? Answer: I did not know, I war so frightened, what I was doing. Judge : Why did you not break the window and call out 'Murder?'. Answer: My brotherin law held tip atnife before me and told me be would settle me if I hong back. Judge: Am I to understand that your brotherin law did nothing accept menace you? Answer: No, it was he who lighted the fire and made ready the wisp of straw which was to act as a match. He also, when the old woman writhed and twisted, got a rake to hold her in the fire. He was carried away by his excitement to do this. My sister cried out, ' My poor husband, you are a lost man ! You should have let the other do the work, and not have taken act or part in it yourself.' Judge : What did he say ? Answer :„' All right, don't be uneasy.' The Court of Assize sentenced the woman and her husband to death, and the two brothers to penal servitude. 