THE NEW BIS9HOP OF WILOANNNIA. AT the last mooting of the Plenary Council of Aus tralasia, it having secmed right to tbo assembled fathers to widen the sphere and extend tile action of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia by tile establishment of new sees or bishoprics, it was decided that Wilcannia in in Now South Wales should be one of the new opiscopates, and the bishops as. sembled unanimously recommended the Very Rev. Dr. John Dunna D.D., V.F. of the diocese of Goul burn, and who had been for many years in charge of the Albury parish, to the notice of the Sovereign Pontiff, Leo XIII, as the first bishop of the now sea, and under the recommendations of the suffrages of the united opiscopate, the Pope was pleased to appoint Dr. Dunne to the see. The consueration was fixed to take place in SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral on Sunday, 14th in stant, and in connection therewith some appropriate ceremonies took place. Not the least interesting of those ceremonies, although not of a formal charao. tor, was that which took place on Saturday atflornon last, at the Bishop of Goulburn's house, and con sistod in the PnESENTATION TO nn. onaNNe of a maguificent Pectoral Cross from his brother priests in the diocese of Goulburn. The presentsa. lion was made by the Very Roev. Father Gallagher, President of St. Patrick's College, on behalf of his brother priests about a dozen of whom were present. The Very R1ov. Father Gallaghnr said he under. atood'the proceedings weor to he of a private nature, and consequently had not prepared any fixed address. ? He did not however think it necessary to say many words to their dear friend and follow priest. Dr. Dunne had been associated with them for a number of years, and they had always found him kind hearted and an example to all others in the ministry, zealously devoting himself to the service of hsle great Master. They all felt the loss of Dr. Dunne, but were pleased that his services were still to bhe given to God in that higher field of labour to which lhe had been called. He (Father Gallagher) was only ex. pressing the thoughts and feelings of his brother priests when he said that the cross was a bona-fide heart-offering from them to their dear friend Dr. Donna ; and they wished him many years of health and strength to carry on the great work which he had been called upon to undertake. (Applause.) He would read an address which had been drawn tup hurriedly, and which wan as follows: To the Right Rev. J. Dunno D.D., First eishop of Wilsannan. aostleov. Lord,--My brother priesnts of the diocese of eeos. bhrn have given a the honor of asling you-thelr latoeolleagoa -to accept from them this small token of their esteem. 'oey feel proud of the distieltion conferred upon them by the choice of one of their number for the hlgh dignity of the episolante. That grave dimeulties have to tohe overcome, that your whole future lifa must be one of incessant labour, and vigilanc, and thought, only enhaneen tie value of the great trust commited to your care. Had yon nothing to rely upon bthi your oan strength, you might well feeo appalled; but yeaou enter upon the performaneo of your onerous duties strengthened by the con iousneness that you heav bescalled to your high nld holy ofllce, not by man's voice, nor by your own seeking, eut hy the Provi. donee of God. Not unprepared for trials, yon are resolved to nmet them bravely. Not iegnorant of yoru resrponsibilities, you are determined to dinsharge them withouant ear, favour, ed affection, for the greaatr glory of youe Dcitelo Mnaster, fur the srlvatio of the seoUa of your people. You cnarry with yon tho affectionate esteem an heet wishes of the prests olf ths diocese, nho, though proud of your olueation, yet feel that by your decbrturo they are losing one who has over been to them their priestly model, their kindly advisor, nad their faithful friend. Though well aware of She serisous gap hih yur leaving li'l cause in their ranks, yet thoy'nm not so selfish as to gr;dgo you to your now licld of labour; for they feel conndaot tho they chall nouoy the cease ltioen of seeong fSlly developed in this higher soherm that earnest and dnllahtoned zeal--that talent of orgaaisation, that loftiness of conception in plolsnlng nohle worls and persveranaco in no rryln them through, which have made the last two sceuee of Tour ministry models yo piety and of discipline, and furnished them with Inm the laterial appliances In solidity and elegiuco ecmssary for all the requirements of our holy faith. Proeseing and asking for sap interchnge of heneits in the IIoly Sacrifnle, in prayer and in good works, eo am, Most Roe. Lord, on behaU of the priests of the diocese of toulburn, Jona; oGALAoUn a T.o. O'CONNe:, h. eh.TaslY E.lJ. FALLeoe. He did not think it was necessary to say more, except that their dear friend night be spared to wear the cross which they wore then giving him all males,, annos. (Applause.) Dr. Dunne said ha was taken somewhat at a dis. advantage, as he had expected the presentation to be of a private nature, and had not prepared a formal reply to the eautiful address and magnificent proe. sent. He had recoied addresses and presentations from his flock and the children under his care, and no doubt in the course of his life in the future ad. dresses would he given to him from time to time, but he could assure them that the address anli presentation ha had that day received from them, his dear follow-priests, would beo ver the most dear to him. He had lived with them and ais one of them in social intercourse, and had been associated with them in their labours. H kneow their self. devotedness and self- sacrifice, and lisa humble prayer would be that in his own new diocese he might find priests with the scrome ecclesiastical spirit and the same solf-dovotlion to duty. They said, and said rightly, that he had never sought renponsibility; howeveor, when this dignity was offered and presented to hinm by the bishops of the colony, he thought, notwithstandiag his sense of his awn unworthiness and the cousidera. tion of the difficulties lie would experienco in tihe new field of labour, that la would be untrue to himself and untrue to the holy church, if he did not say to God "Iam willing," and accept the responsibility. He could do nothing hot thank them for the magnificent pectoral cross. It would be worn by him over many a mile in the interior of the western country, and would serve to remiud him of them his devoted fellow.priests ; and it would he a con solation to him that he was remembered in a kindly and brotherly spirit, that loe had a place in their prayers, and carried with him their good wishes. It was a heavy cross, significant perhaps of the crosses he would experience in Wilcaunis. (A voice: May they he all like it--golden crosses.) He would go to his now diocese with the huamble intention of doing alt things for thohonour and glory of Almighty God and the salvation of souls, and to merge all things in the one thing, namely to promote religion and education in the now and he hoped rising diocese of Wileannia. He sincerely thanked them again for their beautiful'presontation. He would watch their exertions in the good cause with interest aud sym. pathy, and so far as he could he would co-oporate with them in their labours. He hoped that in the diocesoe of Wilcatnia ho would moot with ouch sincere and devoted friends and fellovw.workers, for although he would be in authority he would continue to look upon the priests as his brothers and treat ihem ever with true fraternal tenderneoss. From his heart of hearts he thanked them for their beauti. ful address and magnificont cross. (Applause.) The cross, wshich is of gold, is an excellent peci-. men of the goldsmith's art, weighs about three ounces and a half, and cost about £10. On oue eside there is a represenutation of the Lamb, and the cross on both sides is richly ohased, showing an hnar monioue blending of flowers. Inside the cross are various relics, the principal of which is a piece of the trdu cross, the othora being relies of St. Jerome, St. Francis Xavier, St. John, St. Patrick, St. Ignatius, St. Paul, and St. Poter. On the side oppo. site to the relics ie the inscription-" To tle Right Rev. Dr. Dunno, from your Brother Priests, Goul. hors." The cross is from the establishment of E. J. Hollingdals nnd Son, Sydney. nun oONcEuneTION eCecEauON took place on Sunday morninlg, ou hlaich occasion solemn pontifical high mass wns ohbrlated by his Rminnncu Cardinal Morau, who had arrived in Gonulbrn on the previous day. The admission to the cathadral was by tickelt, and a very large number of persuns nsoemblcd therein to witness the imposing and impressive earemany of nonnseration. Amoegst thlose present weore Dr. H. 3, Clusn, Mr. F. D. Freohill, and Mr. H. J. Hollingdale of Sydnoy, Hr. P. Doauolly of Wagga Wugga, Hr. P. Fallen and Hr. K. He Clonunn of Albury, Hr. Dargan of Burrows, MIr. Bourale uf ,ucrrumburrah, Ibr. H. Coon of Yoes, and many other visitors. Thu assemblage iucludod also members of other religious denominations. The arrangements in the cathedral wore perfect, the Rov. Father Fallen having made every provision for the comfort and convenience of the congregation. The time for the commencement of the coremony was fixed at ten o'clock, and by that hour the cathedral wan comfortably filled with people. A few minutes after ten a proeoasion consisting of the Cardinal, hishops, and clergy in the following order came up the principal aisle nnd entered the sanntuary :--Acolytes in soutanes and surplices ; thu priosts; Dishop Bysno of Bathaarat, aishop aurray of Haitland, and Bishop Lanigan of Goulbuarn, eol attired in full episcopal robee, and escorting Dr. Dunne, the bishop elect; thou came lais Emnineaace the Cardinal, veosted in the cappsa a10fi00 noad baretta, and attended by two aeolytes. Thu procession was an imposing one, and a fit prelude to the ceremony that was to follow. The Cardinal and bishops having entered thle sanctuary and taken their seats, tle Cardinal im mediately in front of tihe high altar, which was tuatofully decorated, the Right 11oe. Dr. Lauigneu pro. sented the Disoap . elect to the Cardisal with tile words, "RIott ing, Father, our Holy Mother the Catholio Church demands that you elevate this priest hlere present to the responsible office of bishop." At thie command of the Cardinal the Apostolic MIaudata appointing the Right Roy. Dr. Duuno as Bishop of Wilcannia was then read aloud in a firm, clcar voice by the Very Reov. Father Gallaghor, after which the bishop elect on beaded knees took the prescribed oath of oboedience, fidelity and devotion to the Holy Father. Thenou followed an examination on several points of faith and morals of the church, the bishop. elect roplying with the words " Volo" (I will) or " Credo" (I believe) as thle question put demanded. The consecration of a bishop, like the ordination of a priest, takes place during the mass, conse. quently mass was than proceeded with. The Cardinal was the celebrant at the high altar, and Dr. Dunno having been vestod ill his episcopal robes colebrated mass at a side altar. The ministers of the mass woere:-The Very Rov. M. O'Callaghan, assistant priest at high altar; the Rov. Fathers P. J. Donovan and P. Cluni, deacon and sub-deacon respectively ; the Very Rev. P. Dunne V.G., and the Very Rov. F. Mluraito S.M1., deacons in attendance at the cardinal's throne; the Very Rov. Dr. O'Haran (private secretary to the cardinal) and the Rev. J. J. Fogarty, masters of ceremonies. The bishop elect was attended and assisted by the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan and the Right Rev. Dr. Murray; the Very Rev. Dean O'Kefoe oilloiated as chaplain to Dr. Lanigan, and the Rev. P. V. Dwyer occupied a similar position in relation to Dr. Murray. The Rov. T. O'Connell and the Rev. J. J. Curloy wore chaplains to the now bishop, Dr. Duneo. The Right Rev. Dr. Byrne rind the following priests were in attendance and occupied seats at the sanctuary rails:-Fatllers Gallagher, Slattery, Gaffey, Fallon, Vaughan, Lanigan, Kennedy, Kiloy, and the Very Rev. A. Sturco S.J., superior of the order of Jesuits. During the mass the various forms of coromony in connection with the consecration were observed with groat pomp and impressiveness, and at its con. clesion the newly consecrated bishop knelt three times before his consecrator and wished him ael emutoos anseos; after which tie leiss of peace was given by the Cardinal and the bishops to their newly consecrated brother. It may be mentioned that the gold crozier which forms part of the episcopal outfit of the bishop is tho gift of tihe Very Rev. P. Dunno V.G., of Wagga, who was pt one time the tutor of the new bishop. It is a magnifienfit piece of workmanship, being brilliantly cllhasoed and having a solid gold sllnmroelk standing out in bold relief in the bend. It is from the establishment of Messrs. Hollingdalo and Son, Sydney. The now prelate appeared to be deeply impressed with theo importance of the dignity conforled upon him, and he certainly never appeared to better advantago than on Sunday when attired in his full episcopal robes. The ceremony of consecration is one of the most impressive and solemn of the Catholic church, and the large congregation present on Sunday evinced deep interest in it. Immediately on the conclusion of the mass, The Very Rev. Father Gallagher (president of St. Patrick's College) ascended the pulpit, and delivered a scholarly and instructive discourse on the Usages and Responsibilities of tile Catholic Episcopato. The text of his discourse was: "Go therefore, teach yo a'! natioons e * teaching them to obecrve all thingis sehetroorer I htve coreatdc:t you: aud beihold I rm with you all days, seen to ithecoesummation of the world."-Mantt. xxviii, 0., 20. The royv. gentleman spoke as follows: Your Eminence, Most Rovorend Lords, Very Reverend, Roverend, and dear Brethren,-Every one even in the least conversant with the in. spired narrative, the correspondence of ccelesi astical history therewith, and the traditions and usages of our holy faith, will understand from a brief explanation of the sacred ceremony of to:day not merely the meaning and duties of the episcopal office, but the 'apostolical origin and divine constitution of;tho holy Catholic church. Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ--we are told in the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles -- having accomplished the work of man's salvation, "having slowed him self alive after his passion by many proofs, and slioken of the kingdom of God," went forth from amongst mon to take His seat at the right hand of his Eternal Father. The Apostles, whom He had selected to proclaim the message and to apply the merits of His sufferings to all the nations, awaited in meditation and prayer the coming of the Paracloto whom He had promised to send-the Comforter who was to teach them all truth and to abide with them for over. Their college, however, was not full-a vacancy was in their ranks. Judasn, though he had been chosen by our Divino Lord Himself, though he had been num. bored with them and was to have shared their ministry, had fullen and "his bishoprie was to be given to another." Aftor a prayer to God that He would show them whom He had chosen to tako the place of the ministry or apostleship, votes were taken. and lots were east. From the disciples who had companiod with them-who represented the priest. hood or second order of the hiorarehy-Matthias was selected. St. Peter, prince of the sacred college-to whom had been given the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, the power to bind or to loose, to approve or to- reject-confirmed their selection. The Holy Ghost descencoding in the form of tongues of fire con. voyed the plenitude of tihe sacordotal power, nod the consecration of the first bishop nominated after the ascension of ourDivino Lord was consummated. And so it is altnost exactly in the sacred ceremony which we have witnessed to-day. In the late Plenary Council of Australasia it having seemed right to the assembled fathers to widen the sphere and extend the Ilessings of normal church action by the erection of new uses, the suffrages of the united episcopate recommended our young pro. late to the notice of the Sovereign Pontiff. The vicar of Christ-ho who sits in the chair of Peter hoe alone can erect now dioceses-ho alone can con. stitute cathedral churcheas-o alone can appoint bishops and give them authority to rule and to feed their flocks. If the church is in the language of sacred scripture a house, St. Peter is the reokl or foeeredatlion on which it rests; the foundation being taken away the house itself must tumble down. If the church is a tree, St. Peter is the root whence all vitality, beauty, fruit, and I eronnial freshness must over spring. If the church is a kingdom- and whatsimilo more common in tbhe inspired volume?-St. Peter is the sovereign from whom all legitimate office, authority, and jurisdiction flow. The two- hundred and oightieth suecessorof St. Peter, therefore confirming thechoicoof the Australian episcopate, has bestowed upon him (Dr. Dunne) his institution, his jurisdiction, and his flock. Through the sacramental ministry of the cousecrating Cardinal- archbishop and assistant bishops hero present, acting on the apostolical commission, the episcopal character and order are conferred. But though they minister the exterior rite, the Holy Ghost, as on the day of Pontecost, is the interior consecrator, exalting the priestto thohigh priesthood, extending the sacramental power, consolidating the grace of government, constituting the new bishop in the image and lileness of the Great High Priest, who has entered withl his blood into tl' everlasting sanctuary, sud is the shephlerd and bishlop of our souls. (Peter ii. 5.) I have just said that tho Eliscolpasl cotsecrationex tends the sacra'entalperlower. And so it does. To the bishop it exclusively be longs to perpetuate the ministry of Jesus Christ by the ordination of priests in the sacramont of holy orders. Bishops alone can elevate priests to the opiscopel dignity. The bishop alone it istwho oan on Holy Thursdny conuecrato the ohrism--"the holy and divine bchrism"--a it is called in tho ancient bookls-- which is theb visible sign of the invisible unction of the Holy Ghost in so many saoraments and so many consecrations. He alone in tbo conso cration of churches can give as it were a living soul to the house of stone. By him alone can be conse. orated the altar on which is daily renewed the great sanrifice (the only resouroe of the human race-the clean oblation) in swhich is immolated for the living and the dead the immaculate Lamb, whose blood was shed on CaOnlvary for the salvation of the world. The imposition of the bishop's hands alone can impart the perfection of the Christian charactor in thie soramout of Confirmation. To him alone, as representative of Jesus Christ, is committed the care of the consocrated vir gins, anud thie rececption of those vows by whichl they irrevocably bind themselves to the purformunco of good works and the service of their everlasting spouse. Not only, however, does it extend the sasorameontal power, bet it consolidates the grae of governmentet. Once clothed with hIis juriadic tion ad invested with hils Ilission by ties soveOtreig Plontiff, the bishop is the ruler of the churchoe of his dieocese. All other naiuistries are exercised in dcpendouecu on him. He is the guardian of revealed truth, the on forcer of tho church canous, the corrector of abuses, the Ifather of his clergy oand their judge, the administrator of tbo temporalities, the pastor of his pIeople, the chief preacher of tho diviuo word to his flock, and ultimately responsible to God for all the souls entrusted to hig oare. "Tako hcod," says Bt.' Paul, in his solomu admonition to his opiscopal brothren, "to yourselves and to the whole filook whorein the Holy Ghost has appointed you bishops to role the church of God, which He hath redoeemed with his own blood." Again, in explaining to the scattered people of God tihe duty which binds the flock to their chief pastor, he says, " obey your prelates, and he subject to them, for they also watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do so with joy and not with grieving, for this is profit. able to you." Such, my doear brethren, is the Catholic episcopate, the same, though widened by the oxpau. sion of 1900 years--udowed as teachers with the same immunity from doctrinal error in their corporate capacity; nearly them same in their individual power of rule, as were the Apostles whenoa they wonut out from the upper room in Jerusnalem on the first Ponticost day with the divine command to go forth and to instruct the nations. To preserve intact theo "deposit of faith,"-to preach in season, out of season, to protect their flooks against tihe wolves, to ward them off from poisonous pastures, to raise from the death and oleanse from the leprosy of sin -those have been the occupations of their lives and the main object of their euergies in all the Christian centuries. For the first 800 years they literally fulfilled the prediction of their heavenly 'faster. Possessing neither gold nor silver, nor scrip nor staff, nor raiment for their journey, delivered up in the councils and scourgod in the synagogue, brought before governors and kings, hated by all men for His Nameo's sake, they feared not them who killed the body, but boldly spakeo the divine message which, had been given themn to anounce, and fearlessly proclaimed it before the kings and Gen. tiles, and the children of Israel. "In journoeyings often, in perils from their own nation, in perils from tie Geutiles, in perils from falseo brethren; in labour and painfulness and much watchfulness; in hunger and thirst and fastings and cold and naked nes; in daily instance and in theim solicitude of all the churches " they gloried in nought save in their ownv infirmity, and in being thought worthy to suffer still greater things for the name of Jesus. Ground liko wheat, as was St. Ignatius of Antioch, Ieneath the tooth of wild boasts in the Flavian amphi theatre, to become a pure and white broad for Josnu Christ; burned at a slow fire as was St. Polycarp of Smyrna, after his eighty-six years of labour, and teaching, and sacrifice and prayer; or lite St. Cyprian of Carthago, winning more souls for faith and heaven by his martyrdom than by all the splenoudid gifts of his brilliant mind; the bishops of the three first centuries vanquished their perse. cutors not less by the greatness of their patient sufferings than by the sublimity of their teachings and the sanctity of their beautiful lives. This was the gonerous spring which yielded its rich and abundant fruit in those giants of the hierarchical order, in the theological science of St. Gregory of Naziauzon, in the intrepidity and learning of St. Basil; in the fearless and golden eloquenco of St. John Chrysostocn ; in the piety, unction, nod zeal of St. Ambrose of Milan ; in the dialectic skill and philo. sophic depth of thought of the groat St. Augustine. And then a change came. The world which they had conquored by their courago, their faith, their saceri fice, and their superior enlightenment ceased to crucily and molest them. The blood of martyrs had become the seed of Christians. Thle doctrines preached by thlo humble fishermen of Galileo, though foolishness to the Gentile and a scaudal to thie Jew, having vanquished the philOsophi a of Zeono and of Epicure, of Plato and of Cicero, had became the religion of the empire, and the cross of our Saviour that glorious symbol of human contempt and of divine love-had taken its place by sanuction of public law abovo the eagle of the capitol. Emperors became the adorers of that name which they had blasphemed and foster.fathers of the church whose blood they had shed. The purple dye of martyrdom was exchanged for that ot royalty; and for twelve centuries and more-from thu fourth to the sixteenth-the bishops of the Catholic church occupied the chief place, not merely in the spiritual kingdom but in the progress, in in the civilisation, and in the government of the world. It was a high commission, the highest over given by Almighty God, oven in the temporal domain, to any one order of men. Yet the records of history toll us how faithfully, how nobly they discharged the varied duties of theiresaltoed trust. Their superiorculture, their winning address-that refinement and illumi. nation which ever spring from moral purity and tihe contact of high intellect with spiritual thinogs,led cap tive the affections of rulers and of peoplei. As lord high chancellors they hold the seals of oflice. As lord trenasurers-in timeoa when finauncu was far fromu being thei science it is to-day-in times of lawlessness and unrest, they were the trusted depositories of the nation's funds. As justiciaries they distributtd im partial justice to serf and noble, to rich and poor. As ambassadors they uphold the dignity and main taiced the rights of the respective countrics at the courts of kings. Their domains it was that extended the privileges and eloevated the status of theu medimval churl and villain ; asno before they had fought succeos fully the battle and soet the first example of the manu mission of them slave. Under the shadow of their majestic catlhedrals reposed in calm security the chief, if not the only, high achools of the age. From their munificence and onlightened zeal sprang most of the colleges and monasteries of Europe. Their diocesan synods, the provincial and national councils in which they legislated in their collective wisdom while correcting abuses, while elevating the standard of public morals, whileo regulating discipline by salutary laws, curbed the lawless power of eovereigns and of barons, stood out as the highest type of order and of freedom in discussion, and became the models after which were fashioned the deliberative senates of the modern world. Taught by a wisdom and strongthened by a power greater than that of man, they knew, too, the art of with standing kings and cowing despots. If a charter of liberty was to be demanded it was the Catholic bishop whoseo learning and prudene dictated the words-the Catholic bishop whose courage led on the more timid barons-he was the spokesman on whom devolved the perilous task of presenting it for tihe signature of the sovereign. (Cardinal Laugton in the reign of King John, Arcbbishop Wincholsca in that of Edward I, Arch. bishop Sorope in that of Henry IV, are examples of what I mean). Again, under their zeal and foster. ing patronage convents and monasteories aroseoaud be came the active seats nof labour, of lehrning, and of prayer, or houses for the orphau, the inudigeat, the diseased, the suffering oneos of humanity-in overy form. From their lofty ideals sprang the churches and cathedrals which still adorn the face of Europe - noblest offeriog over made out of material things by the intellect, the heart, and the hand of man to the worshabip of the author of his being. Tihe institution and eon. duowment. of parishoes brought the teachings of religion, the graces of the sacraments, the counsel of a sincere and enlightened friend into every town and hamlet and sequestered valley ; and the poor had tho gospel proacheld to them through the mendicant and the preuahing friars. Thus for twelve centuries a united brotherhood of holy chief.pastors, with mitre and erozietr and uplifted hand mtwalkeud forth and tnaught, and bloaessed, anud ruled a faithful and contouted people. And the abiding presenco of a majestio hierarchy, it dua subordination of authority from humble lector to Cathedral dean in all the nations of Christian Europe, onergised through its ten thousand instruments of benoficeoce and onlightenment for thoduvelopmentof mind, for theblevationof ororals, for the soeuring of liberty, for upholding the truthof God, for saving the souls of men. To the opisco. pate especially applies that remark so just and truo of thu philosopher Montosquiou, regarding the universal church-"Admirable thing," says he, "is the Christian religion; it sooms to have no other and in view than happiuonss in the next world. Yet is it the great soarcu of happiness nod highest pro gross in the present." It was while a bishop of holy church- Cardinal Ximoues-guidud the de tiniso of the country,that Spain reached the summit of her glory and her power; threw around the earth thu cordon of her posta military and commercial, in. tel.ectual and missionary bodies, and corinhed the empiro of civilised nations by the addition of tho new world. If again, France during tle reigo of Louis XIV attained in political power, i the arts of war and hecace, in solence, in liturature, in refinument, in thu fossvssion of men greoat in every department, a degreu of splendor, which rivalled if ite di not aurpass the most brilliant epochs of all hfstory, it was after the genius of the Cardinals IRichc. liee and Mazarin had organisod the power and consolidated the resources of the lint dora. It was at the timos when the gentle wisdom of lenelon, Archbishop of Cambray, tormed the character of its priu ces-at the time whtn the eagle mind of nossent, Bishop of Meaux, in. fluencod for good, eveo if he could not always direct thie councils of the nation. Never perhaps did that cirolo of states, which make up the Germauio confederation enjoy a larger measure of freedom, reach a higher measure of prosperity and soucia habppinev, enrich mankind more by the inventions of tunic geniou, odd to tho domain of thu philfophio thought or ozporimental scioences, than in those centurion when happy and contented peoples paid lov. ing allegiance to rulers who united in one person the mitro and tihe crown ; whon princeobishops by their common faith weolded so many discordant lomoents into the unity of the Fatherland ; when the spiritual fathers of the peoples, by their votes in the Diets, decided the election of emperor. Such are some of the thoughts which might naturally occur at least to the students of history in view of the sacred ceremony which we witnessed today. Timeso have changed. Institutions have boon modified, now forms of thought, now systems of government, altered conditions of social life have sprung up since then. But never at any period of the church's history was the Catholic bishop stronger, never were his rosponsibilitoes greater, never did he wield a more potentut influence for good than ho does at the present day. He may not be called upon, indeed, to represent our divine Lord in his character of priest and victim, as wore thobishops of thooarlyolhurch-to auouno thooe avenly moosage amid perseutions and to confirm it with their blood. He may not bo required to organiso a now society out of the decomposing elemoentsof a pagan world; to curb the power, resist the oppressions; to tame the unbridled passions of self-willed lords and savage hordes, to create a now order out of chaos, as wore the bishops of the Middle Ages, in those stormy and troubled times when Coonuslon hoard their voioe and mote uproar stood ruled. No need in our day that he should in person (though his influence emust be always present) take hin seat as civil magietrate on the bunch of justice; grasp the sword and accompany the nrmios of his people to battle for their freedom, or guido the political affairs of state in the cabineot of kings. He is all the stronger for the change. Stripped of earthly aplandors, he is tempted to no unworthy com-. promnise between the cnuoe of God and the interests of the world. No longer the servadt of princes ; he is tenfold the servant of his people.. Freed from the trammels of the secular power, guided by the divine law above, le can upbraid the vices of rulers; he can resist the encroachments and correct the errors of statesmen ; he ean moderate the demands of the democratic and reprove the excoeses of the rovolu. tionary opirit without incurring the nuspicion of worlking for a selfish aim. " To them," says the great Count do Maistro, "still belongs the marvellous asceondancy which stopped Theodooinu at the door of the Cathedral of Milan ; Attila on his way to Rome, or Louis XIV at the altar rail." Strong in the affection of his people and their implicit trust in his impartial rule; strong in the piety, union, learning, zeal of his priests; strong in their unwavering faith and deep attachment to the centre of unity; strong above all in the abiding presenceo of Him who has promised to be with his church all days to the con. summation of the world; what is thero (for the diffu. sion of truth, the discomfiture of error, the building up of the temploe material and spiritual, of Jesus Christ) which he may not hope to accomplish? What if he mneets with difllcultics; they but plume his courage. What if disappointment thwart his ovary step. Nothing worthy of lasting, nothing great and glorious- whether in the kingdom of nature or of grace-which is not the costly purchaseo of labour and sacrifice and anxiety and toil. He has so much to think of, so many interests to guard, the foundations of so many institutions to lay, so much to task the patience of his soul, so much to con struct, so manythings to set inorder, that every natural gift of mind and character, every letent power of sacramental grace and oenergy is brought out into nativity and lifo. As teacher, feeding his mind from the inspired volume, from the defined teaching of HolyiChurch-from theose rich and abundant stores of thought which are bequeathed to him by the brightest intellects of all ages-from St. Ironiaus to St. Thomas of Aquin, from Tertullian to Cardinal Newman, he must keep intact the "deposit of faith," he must preach the word-instant ile season, out of season, reproving, entreating, rebuking hlois own children in all patience and dectorinu ; striking and wounding-lpreoegeuor et iepuglnabo-with Horcu. loan might the monster of falsehood and of error and of all untruth wherever and in whaltsoover shape it raioes its hydra head. As a ruler bleonding the wisdom of the serpent with the simplicity of the dove, he must be firm to maintain order and disciplino; just to inspire confidenco; swaying, rul ing klindrod human souls (plus a/]'ietionse qauam potsestate according to the beautiful exprossion of St. Cyprian) more by love than power,-over Attomperlog with thle strellOss of the brain, ?lltoghts motherloly olld melC as woee lhoomod. Entrusted as he is with the interests of the eternal Father who is in heaven, and with the preservation of faith and morale amongot men, he must not yield to wealenos. He must be prepared to cast out, like our divine Lord, with a holy indignation, the trafllihers, the hnbolievors, the scofferse, who would pollute with their presence or turn into a den of thieves the temple of the living God; he must be prepared to cast forth without mercy-in the plenitude of his power if need wero-the wolf or the hiroling, whether among pastors or people, who by the errors of his teaching or the scandals of his life, would be a source of corruption and of doeath to the occupants of the fold; still imore ready, however, to receive back, like the good father of the Gospel in the be. niguity of his heart, the ropentant and returning one to his fatherly embrace, to the joys and sheltor of the paternal home. In fino, says St. Ambrose-him. self the most beautiful type of his exalted order "The lifo of the whole fluclk must first be found in the bishop. Being elected from all men to preside over all, elevated into the calm seat of peaceful judg. ment, he must be the erdicus et e.rcmplar, heonalor and model of all." " Not lording it over the clergy, but becoming a pattern of the flock from the heart," he must be a man of solid and sterling virtue, sober, prudent, chasto, hospitable, not given to anger, not proud, not greedy of filthy lucre, over preferring truth and the clear ring of its golden voice, duty and the sweet and consoling accents of its approval, to the mean ambition of men's praise and the vulgar popularity of the passing hour. Take then, Most Rev. Fathor, the crozier which is this day placed in your hand. Great is the dignity which has boon conferred upon you. To be made, like St. Timothy at Ephesus, or St. Titus at Crete, or St. Paolinus at York, or St. Hilary at Poitiers, or St. Patrick at Armagh, the founder of a now diocese, the first bishop of a new sea-oven in the long hif. tory of the church it can be only the rare distinc. tion of thebo chosen few. But if the dignity be groat, the labour, the responsibility, and the sacrifioo are greator still. You have been honoured and you have obeyed, burdened and you do not refuse the labour.' Like the Apostle, St. Paul, drawing strength from your own timidity and woeakness that "your work may stand not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God," go forth, not in the persuasive words of human eloquence, judging yourself to know nought but Jesus Christ and Him orucified, to enter upon the discharge of your oexalted ofieoo, to place the foundations of our holy faith on a firm ground work-to form a new flock, to fence in and plant a now vinoyard for our Father who is in Heaven. Aeccom. pauied by the prayers and the good wishes of all who knuow you, priests and people, go with courago into that vast territory which to-day is consigned to your spiritual rule. Ahlmoat antioipating the onward marchl of civilisatiou, be the ter to.give the blessing of-heaven to the works of the handos of man-to weave the golden thread of religious principles into the texturo of its material ned intellectual progross to plant the tiny mustard seed ,which will grow up into a goodly tree, and gladden by its beauty and nourish with its fruit, and spread its protecting shade over those arid plains-to bring, in a word, countless aouls saved by your ministry into the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at His comiug, to be for eternity your orown of glory and yeour joy. As for us, my dear brethren, you and mu who represent his people and his priests, a great duty devolves on us also on a day like this. Ou this day so fullof happy augury -this day so symbolic of tie progreeoss of our hIoly faith-this day so fitted for thankfulneoss and great joy-lot uos asok of God- during tihe concluding portion of this ougust ceremony-for this new diocese, this youngest daughter of the Australian or rather of the universal church, that He may in His mercy bestow upon it thlroo gifts. Lot us aske in the first placo that He may raise up within it a laity who by the strength and docility of their faith, by their assidluous pratolice of all the chlurch's precepts-- by thie examople of truLthluol, and manly, and useful and virtuouo lives, will illustlrto thie elevating influoencoos of our holy religion. L.t us pray, in the seconod place, that God may grant it that greatest blesosing whichl oven the divino mercy case bostow on a diocose or a peopleo-a priethood according to His own heart, a priesthood enlightened, laborious, self. saorifieing-likeo their divinel model, "pure, innocent, unsdefiled, separated from sianuer "--a priesthood 0who to the hlighest attainable culture of minld will unite the most perfect dioeillllne of life, oxquisito purity of soul, aed a zoal vwhiclh will long to labour, to obe spent for thie salvuticon of their people. In flune,let us offer up our earnest prayers for this young prelate that God may give hilm all the strength and graces nccesary for the fitting discharge of hlis onerous and oexlted office o; that he may lay broad and doeep and strong bthe foundations on which others may continuo for gonorations to build the beautiful fabrio of our holy faith- that, in a word, when he and all of us shall have goUo to give an account of our stowardship at the judgment seat of God, a long succession of prelates, eminent for every high and noble opiscopal gift, may make it their boast and aim to emulate the zeal, to rival the energy, and to imitato the virtues of the first Bishop of Wilcannia. The reverend proacher was listened to with rapt attention throughout. This conoluded the ceremony. In the afternoon the itght Rev. Dr. Lanigan entertained at luncheon at the bishop's house, about forty gentleman including Iis Eminence thbo Cardinal, tho bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, and Wilcannia, the priests, and several of the laity. The proceedings were of a semi.private nature. Dr. Lanigan occupied the chair, having on his right the Cardinal and Dr. Byrno, and on his left Dr. Murray and Dr. Duone. Tihe chairman proposed the toasts of the Pope, Leo XIII., the Queen, and the now Bishop of Wileannia, Dr. Dunna. The Right R?v. Dr. Dunuo in responding, proposed the health of Cardinal Moran, who in turn asked tho company to drink the health of Dr. Lanigan. Dr. Lanigan propposod the health of the Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst, and Dr. Dunne proposed that of the Vary Bov. Father Gallagher. The toast list was brought to an and by Dr. Lanigan proposing the hoalth of the Laity. The toasts were all heartily received and duly honoured. Tho proceedings were very enthusiastic, and lasted about three hours. RETIRED FROM THE CIVIL SERVICE, under the provisions of the Civil Service Act of 1884 :-Mr. James Scoweroft, post and telegraph master, Redfern (formerly of Goulburn); Mr. Edwin H. Tompson, clerk of petty sessions, Wagga Wagga. Intonsely. cold weather has lately prevailed in Now Zealand, and snow Ihas fallen in some parts of the North Island where it was never known before. Very heavy rains are reported from Queeonland, many low- lying lands being flooded. Shipping along thb coast is also partially suspended. It is believed the mortality amongst sheep at Bourko was caused by blood-poisoning, not from any poisonous plant as at first supposed. A man named Thomas Hearnoe, under comlmittal at Tumut for sheeopstealing, was liberated on bail, but has since died. According to tihe medical teoti. moany his death was tihe result of a chill caught in a damp cemented cell in the Tumut lockup. Heo had to sleeop on the cold floor, no stretcher having been provided for him. 