SPORTING NOTES. The racing mare Too Too broke her leg whilst being exercised the other day ana had to be destroyed. Silvermiue is now ail established favorite for the CaulBeld Cup; he carries as much money as would boy a sheep station. There are Bixty yaoht clubs in Great Britain, employing 80,QUO men, including amateurs. The Thistle cost, it iB Baid, £10,000 in her construction, An Adelaide jeweller has made a handsome silver cup to be run for the Christmas meet* ing of the M'Donnell Range Turf Club, It 1B called the Flint Memorial Cup, and is in tended as a tribute to the memory of Mr, B. S, S. Flint, Telegraph Master, at Alioe Springs, who was muoh respected. F, Bay, the celebrated English amateur pole-leaper, has again beaten his record. By tbe last mail but one it was stated that he had ole'ared lift, 6in. at the Grasmere sportB. Two days later, at Whitehaven, he beat this by five- eighths of an inoh. At Manchestor the following day, with no one to oppose him, he attempted lift. 8in,, but juBfc missed accomplishing the feat, Qaeen's Platea in England have been abolished by the Government, BO far as devoting the sum of £8,200 per annum to races of that name are concerned. In future the sum of £6,000 will bo given yearly for improving the breed of horses. This meana that prizes will bo given at the principal agricultural shows In the Kingdom, whioh is altogether a more direct way of encourag ing horse-breeding than giving the money for Queen's Plates at a few race meetings, whioh of late years have resulted in walks over or matches, Mr, O, L. MacDonald had to pay £90 to get Miss Merlin back again after winning the boiling Race at the Melbourne Hunt Ulub meeting. She was entered to be Bold for nil, Mr. William Arnuli, the Newmarket owner and trainer, died a few weeks ago, aged 68. There hnB been some extraordinary scoring at crioket, In Notts versus Middlesex, at Nottingham, three wickets only were down when 490 runs went up, and the first innings (Notts) closed for 696-Shrewsbury, bowled KobertBon, 267 ; Barnes, bowled Ford, 115. It is proposed to raise funds for a memorial to the late Mr. K. H. Hutton, the famous bone-setter. It will be remembered he acci dentally poisoned himself by taking a large dose of opium, thinking it waa a blaok draught. 1 The Hon. W. Robinson, of New Zealand, has arrived at Memington with his string of horses. Prometheus has been put into work again. The death ia announced of OharleB Blanton, one of the cleverest of English trainers. He had been ailing for a long time. It is only seven years since Bend Or, after a desperate finish, juBt snatched the Derby by a head from Robert the Devil, who waa the beat horse beyond a doubt that Blanton over trained. .. The Devil" waa owned jointly by Messrs. Charles Brewer, a well-known bookmaker, and Charles Blanton, and was ridden by Ros&iter;, whilst Bend Or was the mount of Aroher. Brewer died a year ago, now Blanton has paid the debt of nature, Rossiter tried to commit suicide and is now never heard of, and poor Aroher, as every one knows, not only tried to make away with himself, but succeeded too well, A sad reoord, indeed. Blanton died a wealthy man ; he was 64 years old. The Hon, J. White's horses have made their appearanae at Memington, Inoluded in the lot are Trident, Aberaorn, Cranbrook, Lava, Enigma, Carlyon, Volcano, and Aber. deen--a oapital team. The Melbourne Crioket Club is in a most flourishing condition. The liabilities are heavy, owing to the vast outlay {over £20,000) in effecting the splendid permanent improvements, of whioh all the members are justly proud. But these liabilities, heavy as they are, will be met in due course. The member roll is ever on the increase. 2,043 paid up for last season ; of these, 339 were juniors, leaving 1,704 full members. The maximum number of full members allowed by the olub rules is 2,000. Entranoe-fees and subscriptions for the paat season amounted to no less a sum than £4,325 9s. 6d. The following novel challenge from Thomas Burns, of the Lodge Lane Baths, Liverpool, appears in the London Sportsman ; -" I oan be matohed to do the following feats against time, viz., dive off Runcorn bridge, height 90ft., and swim down to the Liverpool landing stage, distance 18 miles, run to London and diva off London bridge, swim any man five or ten miles, run the same man ten or twenty miles (both to do the whole distance in each event, fastest time in the aggregate to win both raoes), to be decided the same day I_ arrive in London. I will then run back to -Liverpool, Will take £100 to £25 or £200 to ,£50 that I will do all the above feats inside of nine days, the time of starting to be taken from the dive off Runcorn bridge and finish when I arrive in Liverpool, 1 hope some sportsman will come to the fiont and give me a ohanco of doing a feat that no other mau in the world can do," The challenger appears to be a very modest fellow indeed I Neither the first, second, nor third horse in the last Metropolitan is engaged in either the Caulfield or Melbourne Cups, For the paat three seasons Hales has been successful in the A.J.O. Oaks, each winner being the property of the Hon, James White, and all got by Chester. The following are the latest scratohings for the Melbourne Cup;-The Jewel, The Queen, Crossfire, Abner, and Rupertawood. Beach, who haa brought himaelf nearly down to his racing weight, continues gentle exeroise on the Parramatta, and Hanlon, who haa reoovered from the effects of his sea trip, has begun preliminary practice at Mortlake, on the Parramatta, He will probably be trained by Perkins, the English Soulier, Page, the Amerioan jumper, after several victories in England, oroasea over to Ireland, and competed at the Gajlio sports at Tralee, He, however, met his match in Kelly of the French College, Dublin, who won the high inmp, at the English championship, in 1885, Both cleard 6ft, If in,, and failed at 6ft, Sin,, but aa the Amerioan was in difficulties from 5ft. 4in, upwards be oanuot be said to have the best of the oontest. Tho story of the wounded collie who was guided by two terriers to King's College Hospital in order to have his wound dressed, is very remarkable j but there are still stranger instances of canine sagacity," The Ettriok shepherd, for example, possessed a collie whioh, through long and faithful ser vice, had come to bear a striking faoial resemblance to its master. The dog was an assiduous church-goer, and would even occupy its master's pew on ocoasions when Hogg himself played truant from divine service, On the Monday after one of these occasions when indisposition had kept the Bhepherd at home, the minister of the parish oalled, and found Hogg sitting on one side of his inglenuek, the dog on the other. u Weel, James," said tho minister, " I was glad to see you at the kirk, yesterday," James Baid nothing, but looked across at the dog : the dog, too, said nothing, but his eye twinkled, and he plaoidly winked at James I This story is vouohed for by Hogg himself, an unimpeaohable witness, It seems to indi cate an even subtler refinement of oanine intelligence than the anecdote attested by tho secretary and porter of King's College Hospital. Rather a tough 'un this I It nmy astonish those who remember the plunging days of the Haatinga era to hear that betting on the turf haa been far heavier during the present aeaaou than at any former period ; and it is a far leaa difficult task to foretell the inevitable result of euoh dealings than to prediot the winner of the approaching St, Leger, The career of one Benaational " atarting price" speculator, who thought nothing of having £10,000 on a supposed "certainty," waa out short at Ascot, where another bold " dasher " loBt £15,600, and settled with a oheque for that amount on the following Monday, but has sinoe retired. Far more sensational has been the betting of another young '' plunger " during the past month or two, At Goodwood he lost £15,000 raoing, and the same amount at Brighton pigeon* shooting on the Saturday (writes the World), bia chief creditor for £6000 at the latter game being a notorious member of tba book making fraternity who did not possess bo many shillings a few years ago. On tho first day of the Brighton Meeting, when every first favorite lost, the " plunger" had a " bad day," but he won £16,600 on the Wed neBday ; and these few truthful illustrations will sufficiently bear out mv statement res peoting the unparalleled obaracter of the wagering at the present moment, Nor must mention be omitted of another reoent aria, tocratio recruit, who, besides purchasing largely of thoroughbred stooU, ia A very heavy bettor. The three daya' summer meeting at York took plaoe in the third week of August. On the first day the Great Breeders' Convivial Produce Stakes, of 10 sovs. each, with 400 WY0I Bdded, for twQ'year<olcla, vrw run. .there were nine starters, and the winner was Mr, Porter's filly Mon Droit, by Isonomy -In Bounds, by Hermit-Boundary, who was ridden by T, Cannon, sen,, and won by a neok, doing the five furlongs in ltnin, 7seOi The Yorkshire Oaksj on the same day, was reduced to a matoh between the Duke of Beaufort's craok filly Beve d'Or, and Mr, Douglas Baird's Maiae, Odds were laid on Reve d'Or, who won easily by a length and a half. On tho second day at York the prinoipal race was the forty-fifth Great Ebor Handicap, of 1,000 sovs., one mile and a half, The favourite was Prince Rudolph, but he was sever dangerous, and the winner (a 15 to 1 chance in a field of seven) was Mr. Brydges Williams' Silence, by Wisdom-Kissing Crust. The seoond and third were Lord Wiiloughby and Sir Robert Jardlne'a Agi tator, Silence won by five lengths in 2min. 40jfiec, At Brighton, a fortnight before, Oliver Twist gave Bilenoe 101b, and an easy boating, On the same day Mr, u Plunger " Bentson gave 210 guineas for Mr, Hammond's Saltpetre, by Peter-Rosemary, the winner of the Rous Stakes (two-year-olds), On the concluding day of the meeting the two principal events were the time- honoured Gimorack Stakes (for twoyear-olds), six fur longs, and the great Yorkshire Stakes (for three-year-olds), one mlleand three-quarters, The winner of the former was Mr. H. Robert son's Derwentwater, by Doncaster - Thor watex, by Tbormanby-Fair Water, who started at 100 to 15 in a field of seven, and upset an even money ohance In Mr, R, O, Vyner's Gautby. The winner of the Great Yorkshire Stakes was Lord Zetland's Panaorsohiff, by Wenlock- Bpiegelsohiff, by Speoulum-Flotilla, by Kingston-Clmba. Lord Alleabury's Gallinule, and Mr, J. H, Houldaworth's Cactus running second and third, The winner was the favourite, and covered the mile and three-quarters in 8min. 15seo, A good story is told of Bobert Feok, the great English trainer. He had an animal entered for a Quten'B Plate of 500 BOVB., two miles, weight for age, three to start or no race. Well, out of a dozen or so entries only three were left in, Peck's horse and two other great dons that had frightened owners out of the race. Now, each of the owners of the two horses left in was very anxious to have the race run, as they had heavy side wagers on, and the 500 sovs. was not to be sneezed at. Eaoh in turn went to Peck telling him they would give bim £100 to start his horse (that, by the way, had not a ghost of a show of winning), pay hiB entries, and give him besides half the stakes if their horse won, Robert, the astute, closed with each offer, neither owner knowing about the other's bargain, and consequently the race came off, Peck get ting hie money beforehand, Now comes the point. The riders of the two oracks were, of course, told not to bother about Peck's horae, but to watch each other. Con sequently Peok's animal established a long lead while the other two were waiting on each other closely, Like a flaBh it came to Peck that with the load his horse had, if he could only stay it out, he could win } so gal» loping down to the rails at the turn he shouted to his boy to go In and win, which he did, the riders of the other two, after a most desperate finish, being beaten by a length. So the wily Peck got his 200 BOVB., his double acceptance, and the stakes as well, Henry Connor, whose death has been an nounced, was father of the celebrated. Brothers Conrad, and was ex-Champion somersault thrower of the world. He served his apprenticeship with Mr, William Batty, of Astley's Theatre, and was the first man in England who ever threw a double somer sault, whioh feat he accomplished at Brigh ton and during his apprenticeship, On Friday, May 12,1848, he was presented by Mr. William Batty with a massive gold medal for throwing sixty-eight successive somersaults, acknowledged to bo the greatest number ever accomplished at that time, At a later period (July 1, 1857) he was the recipient of a magnificent snuff box from Mr, William Cooke, the then lessee of Astley'a Theatre, for throwing eighty. Later on, while under an engagement with Mr. Edward Hughes, the well-known ciroua proprietor, he threw ninety-seven successive somersaults in a contest, but was beaten by hia partner, Mr. Arthur Barnes, who threw 100, RUSTICUS. 