TI-HE ST'ORY OF TIHE D.A!) WIFl. (F'rom Mlurra'!s Msagazile.) PseonABLY most people have mot a stranger in the street, whom for the fleetest fraction of a moment, they took for a dead friend. If such an accident has chanced to any reader of this page, lie will remember that, in the infinitesimal atom of time during which the recognition endured, he had no sense of surprise. Your lips half open to speak to him or her whom on this earth assuredly you will never see again, but instantly tihe moment passes the old laws regain their power and you go on your way, perhaps a little saddened. Even persons ignorant of this experience must at least have often in dreams encountered their dead. Now, in dreams too, there is no sense of surprise in these meetings, only of delight, tempered with a faint misgiving, a sense as if some foolish babbling tongue lhad falsely reported that your friend had gone on a far journey, or in some other uneoxplained faEshion had varied from tile routine of common life and boon separated from you for a while. This absence of surprise in waking hours or dreaming, when the most surprising of all inconceivable things appears to have oc curred, when Death gives up the dead, lhas probably a deep significance. We are so made, or we inherit such instincts, that only by an effort do we believe in death at all. Very little children cannot believe in it, the savage races cannot regard it as an uni versal and necessary law. They hold that only violent denthls are natural, all natural deaths, as we call them, having been caused by some invisible violence-that is, by sorcery. The myths and legends of the lower peoples show that they think the distance very short and the partition very tlliu between our world and the world of death. Savages given up for dead, but really as is probable only suffering from some cataloptio or other seizure of the ani mation, have revived, and have told long stories about their visits to that mysterious bourne whence they were permitted to re turn. Their reports are extromley strange, and all over tile world bear each other out very well. But I have heard of only a single voyager, a New Caledonian chief, who actually brought back with him any tling from the next world. If Iromember rightly, for it is long since the tale was told to me by a voyager, the relic from the under world was a knifo of some material strange to the people of the country. Much might be said on reports of travel lors from Death's domain, but it is my pur pose only to show the difficulty men feel in conceiving of death as an irrevocable breakl in all habits, especially in the habit of Love. We all, whether of rude or culti vated races, half consciously hold that Death is not so strong but that Love may, on oo casion, be stronger. This faith is set forth, every here and there all the world over, by stories and songs declaring how Love for a season has vanquished Death. 'Twas late in tbe night and the bairnse grat, The mother below the mouls heard that, says the Yorkshire ballad of which this frag ment only is quoted by Emily Bronte in " Wuthering Heights." The ballad of the Dead Mother, and of her awakening, when her persecuted children mourned, and of her return to tile house where the new mother dwelt, and how she secured, by fear, kinder treatment for her little ones-this ballad is as familiar in Denmark and in Provence as over it was in England. But the story of a truce with Death, which in terests me most at this moment, is a story of thle Deod Wife. Delath hath Uno holidays, says Beddoos, in "Death's Jest Book;" but men have never been quite convinced of this, and a brief holiday, too soon ended, is said to have been granted to the love of a wife and a husbaud. All the world knows the Greek form of the legend, the tale of -ca-sy access t tthie hearer's grace When Doriea shopherds sang to P'roserpine. Everyone has heard how the Darling of the Thrascian singer died, and how he crossed the " unpermitted ferry's flow," and moved the Shades and the Queen of the Shades by his musical lament, till they gave his Eury dice leave to follow him on the upward way to the light. But he was not to turn and look on hler till the light was fairly won, and the shadows had fled away. "And now had his returning feet escaped all peril, and now Eurydice, to him restored, had all but gained the upper air, as she followed behind,--this rule Proserpine gave,--when a sudden madness seized the heedless lover, madness well worthy of forgiveness, could Death forgive. He paused, and all forget ful, and all by love overcome, he gazed back at his Eurydioe, that was now be neath the very light. Then was spilt all his labour, thenou was broken the covenant of the cruel Lord of Death, and thrice the thunder rolled round the marshes of Avernus." IIo only heard Eurydice com plaining, "' Me the fates call, sloop seals my dazzled eyes, so now farewell. I pass away swathed in the great pall of the night, and, thino no more, to thee I strotoh those helpless hands. So spake she, and vanished form his eyes, like smoke blown hither and thither in the air." Such is the familiar tale of the return of Eurydice from death, and of her, backward flight into the darlkess. We know it best in the Latin, from Virgil's and from Ovid's art. But the legend of course is Greek. Orphous and Eurydice are not familiar in the oldest extant Greek poetry, but Pindar, and the poets after Pindar, were well acquainted with them. There existed, amongst a mass of Orphic literature, a piece called The Descent into Hades, which doubtless gives an *account of this very adventure. In the Symposium of Plato, Orpheus is spoken of as a "cowardly harper," who did not dare to die and to rejoin his lady, but preferred to go alive into Hades. But Homer, as we know from the eleventh book of the Odyssey, did not hold the descent of a living man into the wan kingdom and inania regna to be a task for a coward. Plato could not check his love of a sneer at a person who played on a musical instrument, but a tale reported by Pausanias declares that Orpheus had the courage to slay himself, after his second heart-break, and no came to Eurydice by a rough and a strait, but the only open path I Now the Thracians avor that tile nightingales sing loudest and most clearly over the tomb of Orpheus. Concerning tile sense of this myth, the mythologists have not said very much, but it will surprise no one to learn that, in the opinion of Mr. Max Muller Eurydice is the Dawn, aud as for her second death " tle first ray of the sun glances at the Dawn and tile Dawn fades away I" It is a pretty theory, only the san does not in the general way of nature precede the Dawn, as Orpheus went before Eurydice. However, we will not dally over controversy. Perhaps to all the readers of Virgil's "Georgies," to all who from any poot's lips have heard the sad tale of EurydSice, the sadnuess has been the charm-the pity and the truth of it. Tlhey have not concerned themselves to know whether the dead bride, restored and snatched away again, is the Dawn or the Thundercloud; they have only felt tihe human interest and pathos of the legend. It is tie strife between Love and Deathl that wins us as we listen, for who but dreams now and again of that impossible bliss in regaining a dead friend or lover, and who but knows, in awakening from a dream of the dead, the second and more bitter sorrow of Orpheus? Truly each of us has been an Orphous when sleep gave back the ghosts, and from each of us the dawn has torn away some Eurydice. Lot us, then, look at the story as it exists in other times and climes, more harshly told by Germans, more strangely, yet not less mournfully imagined by the wild Iroquois of the West. You will find the essence of the story in the recovery of the Dead Wife by very strength of Love, and in the loss of the Dead Wife again as a punishment for the breaking of the con dition under which she was given back to lifo. In Greek and in Iroquois, the condition which the husband breaks appears arbitrary and meaningless. Why shouldnot Orpheus look backl at Eurydice ? Why should not the Iroquois husband, in the tale which we are going to tell, touch his restored wife before hlie has introduced her again to his tribe ? Either prohibition may turn on some idea, superstitious perhaps, perhaps a rule of some old etiquette, which we have lost. The Greek taboo, imposed by Persephone not to look back--is on the whole the more easy to understand. In many classic ritual and magic practices, and again when Odysseus restored to the sea the girdle of the sea-nymph, it was forbidden to look back. The idea probably was that divine and mysterious things were happening in a strange region, or that there was a strange turn of supernatural events. So it was in the Cities of the Plain, on whose doom Lot was forbidden to look backwards. Into those things man was forbidden to pry, as Teresias bade Alemona not look back after throwing the ashes of the burned snakes over the stream. The rule comes into the magical practices of Hallow-e'en. Tile Iroquois prohibition is more isolated, but very probably means no more than this, that death had broken the marriage (as .in the German version), and that the dead wife restored must be publicly recognised by the tribe before she became once more her husband's very own. In much the same way a Roman who returned home alive, after the report of his death, was not allowed to enter his house by the door, but was passed through a lhole in the wall. Even the rumour of his death so broke his rela tions with life that he had to regain his home by the ghost's path. Whether this explanation be correct or not, there is no mystery in the German case about the offence which is punished by the second loss of the restored wife. The tale is a tale of Christian times, and tile offence is an offence against ordinary morality. The German story is best known to English readers in Leigh Hunt's Tale for a Chimney Corner. But Loigh Hunt admits that he has adorned and decorated the legend, of which lie discovered the "groundwork" in Sandys' "Ovid." Sandys quotes it from Sabinus, a Latin poet and professor of the Renaissance. Leaving on one side Leigh Hunt's elaborate modern literary version of the story of the Dead Wife, lot us look at the plain brief narrative of Sandys.* He is commenting on the myth of Eurydice, in the Tenth Book of the MIetamorphoses, and hlie quotes parallel adventures. "I have heard a fable (saith Sabinus) not unlilke to this, if it is to be reputed a fable, which the testimonies of many aflirm for a history. A gentleman in Bavaria, of a noble family, so extreanmely greived for the death of his wife, that lihe abandoned all the comforts of life, and fed his constant sorrow with solitariness, until at length hlie regaiined her; who told him how she had finished the time prescribed by nature, but by his importunate prayers was restored to life, and commaunded by God to accompany him longer: upon these con ditions, that their matrimony dissolved by death should be againe solomnised, and withall that he should abstain from his former blasphemous execrations, for which he lost, and should lose her againe, upon the like commission. This said, she followed her household affaires as before, and bare him several children, but was over pensive and of a pale comlploexion. Divers years after, the gentleman, heated with wine and * "Ovid's Metamorphoses, Englished, Mytholo. gised, and represented in figurese." Imprinted at Oxford by John Lichfield, Au. Dom. MDOXXXII., pp. 354, 355. coller, rapt out horrible oathes, and bitterly cursed his servants; when his wife, with drawing into another rooms, was never more heard of: her apparel, without her body, standing upright, as if an apparition. This (saith he) have I heard from many credible persons, who aflirmo that the Duke of Bavaria told it for a certaino truth to the Duke of Saxony." So ends Sabinus. Leigh Hunt's pretty and interesting amplifications, with the narrative of building up "the room of the lady's figure," and the penitent death of the husband, may be read in his Tale for a Chimney Corner. The resemblance to the Orpheus legend in the story handed down by Sabinus was strong enough to strike that worthy, and I hope critics will not think the similarity of the tales a mere fancy of my own. The parallel story among the Red Indians is published by Erminio Smith in Myths of the Iroquois, and may be read in the Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology. (Washington, 1882-88, p. 108.) The tale must be reduced to its bare elements here, for want of space. in a day or two she died. The man felt very badly, and buried her in the cabin. He was very lonesome; and after a day or two he made a wooden doll about her size, and dressed it in the clothes she used to wear. Then he put it down in front of the fireplace and felt better." When the poor fellow carnme home in the dark to his deserted lut, he did not feel quite so utterly bereaved. A year passed, and one evening the man, on his re turn, found the wigwam swept and gar nished. The next night there was wood and fire, and a piece of meat all cooked in the kettle. Nextu night he watched, and saw a woman moving about the wigwam. Hle opened the door, and there was his wife sitting in the chair, and the wooden doll was gone. " Then she spoke to him, say ing: ' The Great Spirit felt sorry for you, so he let me come back to see you, but you must not touch me till we have seen all of our people ; if you do, you will hill me.'" So they lived a year together, happy in each other's sight, and then tile man proposed that they should return to their people. Within a day's journey of the tribal camp, they halted in a snow-storm. They lay down to sleep, but the man's desire to take his wife in his arms once more overcame his caution. " Ie went up to her and put out his hands, but she motioned him away, and said. 'We have seen no one yet.' He would not listen; he caught her in his arms, and lo, he was holding the wooden doll I His sorrow was very great. He pushed on to the camp, and there he told them all that had befallen him. Some doubted, and they went back with him and found the doll; they saw also the track of the two people in the snow, and the track just like the foot of the doll. The man was ever after very unhappy." That is all, but the tale seems to disprove the common statement that love, among these peoples, is only an animal affection. Longfellow might have made a beautiful poem of this Indian legend-the sorrow of the lonely man, half- beguiled by his rude image of his wife, and moving, at last, the pity of the Great Spirit, and all to end in tile second death, and the irrepairable loss and sense of self-committed wrong. I began by speakingof the common human experience of love and death, and of dreams in which death is defied, and love prevaileth. Perhaps there is no other explanation of tile origin of the story of " The Dead Wife" than the mere craving and despair of men in bereavement. But, of course it is easy for anyone to argue about this tale, as H. Cosquin does about most other tales, that it hlas spread from a single centre, by borrow ing and transmission, and that the Iroquois took the Orplheus myth from the French, and altered it into its present conformity with thei;r own habits. Erminio Smith speakls of the story as one of many" handed down throush the ages" by the Iroquois, as thlley tell tales together over tihe winter camp fire. In a similar case, the Red Indian form of the myth of Panudora, ?Ir. Hind recently found it in Labrador, and it might be conjectured to be an example of borrow ing from Europeans. But one of the early Jesuit missionaries in Canada also reports the same fable, more than two hundred years ago, and he found it among a tribe which had only just made the acquaintance of Europeans, and had met no European likely to propagate legends from Hesiod. So the question as to how the legend of the "Dead Wife" reached the western forests, and tile wild hunters there, mnust be left to the reader. It is enough to learn that human nature is everywhere so much skin that the story lhas won a place in the affections of the Red Mlan. Indeed, it could nowhere be told without deeply moving the pity and sympathy of its audience, wherever mortal hearts are touched by mortal fortunes. A new and extraordinarily fine variety of asparagus has been discovered. It seems that the steppes of AkhBlal-Tekliz, recently annexed by Russia, are covered in parts with asparagus, which, though growing perfectly wild, attains a size unknown in the market gardens of Europe. The stalks are said to be nearly as thick as a man's arm, and they grow to tile height of 5 ft. and 0 ft. Great singers travel witlh nearly as largo a suite as royal personages. MIasini, the tenor, who recently loft Milan for Buenos Ayres, takes with him his [rivats physician, his secretary, and two valets de chambre, to say nothing of a courier who has been des patched in advance to malkeo arrangements. The tenor is to sing fifty timnes in all, and hlie is to receive t80,000 for his services. Two young Munich ladies, the Baronisses Aunna and Louise Guttenberg, aged respect ively twenty-six alnd twenty-three, com mitted suicide on May 11 by drowning themselves in the Starnberg Lake, on the identical spot where thie King of Bavaria was found dead eleven months ago. The Daily News correspondent says they had hold many melancholy conversations on the tragical fate of the monarch, and repeatedly went to the lake merely to throw flowers into the watery grave. At last they gave way to the impulse of following the King's example, and taking a boat, rowed to thie spot, which is close to tile shore, and dropped silently into the water. Next morning, when the missing boat roused suspicions, a search was made, and they' were found in the soft clay firmly clasped in each other's arms. They were both pretty, highly culti vated, and rich. \- Ie peace and heavenly vision come to you, make them your own by doing some great, hard duty in their strength. Duty is tile only tabernacle which you can make your home in the transfiguration mount. When the man listening to his cornscience wills and dors the right, irrespective of inclination as of conse. queacc, then he is the man free, the universe open before him. Hoe is born from above. Snoet speeches fly about like darts, and are often thought to be shot out of secret intentions; but as for large discourses, they are flat things and not so much noted. LATTv.eU not thyself in thy faith to God, if thou wantest charity for thy neighbour; and think not thou hast charity for thy neighbour if thou wantest faith to God. When they are not both together they are both wanting; theyare both dead if once divided. Yes, things are hard sometimes. And we must live on nnd bear God's will. Becausee temakesn plan for us; and there will be always something coming; we can't tell, day by day, what may be; only He never forgets us, or leaves anything out. THE lark goes Up singing toward heaven; but if she stops the motion of her wings then straightway sae falls. So it is with him who prays not. Prayer is tlhe movement of the wings of the soul; it bears one heavenward, but without prayer we sink. TnE three reasons which a good woman presented for objecting to a preacher were striking ones. Sihe said that, in the first place, he read his sermon; in the second, Ihe did not read it well; and, in the third place, it was not worth reading. lRomn, Hoon's BAY.-As a rule, people live to a good old age in Robin Hood's Bay, and fever is all but unknown. A man of seventy is a young man; no oneis thought old till he is ninety or ninety-five; and the clergyman, whlo is little more than fiftyt finds himself addressed as "bairn" by some of the older members of his flock. An aroma of adventure lingers about the place, and yet life there is now tame enough. In the beginning of this century how different it must have been! Robin Hood's Bay was then a favourite abode of sea captains-owners of tradingvessels, once called merchant odventurers and what with the danger of encountering French cruisers during the war, and what with the perils and profits of voyages to Greenland for whales, when the war was over and such expeditions were once more passible, there can have been no lack of emotional interest. And tohen there was tile perpetual delight of smuggling-the hauling contraband articles up the cliffs by ropes when nights were dark, and tihe not in frequent conflicts with the excisemen. Worse still, there was always the fear of the press gang swooping down and carrying off some of the men of the place to sea. Many of the houses can still show cunningly concealed hiding places, where kegs of brandy and gin, cases of what they called "oielly go long " (eau de Coloqne), and bales of cotton or silk, could be and were concealed. Such places might do for articles of this kIind; but when the press gang drew near, flight was the best chance of safety for the men. Isany now alive remember their fathers hiding in the chimney., or spending a day and a night at the top of some tree in the neighbouring woods, to escape these dreaded visitants. One man well remembers all the fishermen's wives getting their knives ready to go to the top of thie hill and drive back the men who were coming to catch their master men. Compared with this, the feelings brought into play by smuggling must have been very inferior in intensity. Evasion of the law was brislly carried on. Gin was so common that people washed their faces in it-a tumblerful could be bought for a penny, or a large jugful for fourpence; and good brandy was just as cheap. It was easy enough to got as much of these things as was wanted for home consumption; but it was very difficult to turn them into money. They woregenerally taken to Whitby, and what was technically called "delivered" at a place in thie old town, near the asylum. Some widow whohad no man to work for her often tried to earn a livelihood by delivering spirits or other things; but other women took a part too. They filled bladders with brandy or gin, slung six oreightof these beneath their gowns, and then set off to walk the six miles which lay between them and Whitby. The excisomen were quite aware of what they were about, and kept a sharplook-out for them. Tite women did not go by the high road, but crept along behind the hedges. One day, two of them were on their way, when they saw the exciseman on the other side of the hedge. Theytried to walk on; but he had seen them, and soon found a gap and came into the field where they were. One of the women was now sitting down by the hedge, crying and groaning. "Now I've got you," said he; but the woman did nothing but cry and groan. "Can't you see what is the matter, you fool ?" said the other woman. "Don't stand there; the very least you can do is to go and get a doctor for the poor creature." He did go, and no sooner was he out of sight tilan they jumped up and hurried off to get rid of their burden. Later in the day they met the same exciseman in Flower Gate. "Well, Molly, safe delivered, lass?" said Ihe. "Aye, sir, down there by the quay," she replied, with a grin.-Spctator. AN ELECTeC AxNQUET.--On turning the handle of tle outer door, each guest announced his arrival by a loud stroke of a bell. As ihe stepped on the threshold the gasjets in the auto-room jumped up into full blaze, and, hanging hIis top-coat on theb hat-stand, set in motion a piece of ingenious mechanism, which polished his boots. On entering tihe drawing-room to await the signal for dinner, and sitting down on chair or sofa, a musical contrivance, hidden from view, began to play. Dinner ! Now, he thinks, we shall be quiet at last. Not so ! The table seems enchanted. On touching a fork, every prong sent out sparkls. When a spoon was dipped into the soup, the latter became phosphorescent. Impossible to touch a sandwich withoutmakingadrum beat, or causing aray of light to burst forth. Theselittlosurprises notwith standing, the dinner was very enjoyable, the dishes being of greatvarietyand well cooked. But behold, in tihe middle of tihe feast, a statuette of Jupiter, placed as an ornamnent in the centre of the table, began to dart fulminating glances all round at tihe company, then tile god opened his lips and bade tihe guests welcome, who could not believe theirown ears. A phonograplh cleverly concealed in the body of the statue had produced that miracle. When the clock struck twelve all the lights went out except one, which cast a pallid glimmer o'er the scene, when, all at once, everybody was thrown into consternation by a frightful noise. Two large cannons came forth, nobody knew where from, and began to fire salvoes of artillery, whilst a number of bells concealed behind thie tapestry rang out the dirge of the old year. Sud. denly theliglhts began toburnagain of tleirown accord, anl tle guests were surprised to find themselves still sitting in tIeir own places. Tlebanquetended with cffee prepnred by electricity, whichl tihe company Ipaortook of in tihe lightof a splendid electric aurora or morning dawn which rose to welcome in the new year.--ulletin Intcrnational de l'Electricit. CsnSTENrNGS IN HnRInOOLAND.-ThO churech on thie Oberrlad, storm- beaten, unclothied, and bleak, is a very old building, really its sole merit, for it can boast of no beauty of form or architecture, without or within. Though an English colony for more tthan 70 years, the service was in German, a Lutheran clergy man officiating. The congregation, whom I can only justly describe as being not "well-favoured," sat in their high, dreary pews, with only theb crowns of their heads visible, and moved nothing but their eyes, with a stolid, stony look, like tortoises, entirely devoid of in terestorentlusinsm, while their excellentpastor droned monotonously through tihe lengthy service; but tohey shlowed that at all events they were not without excellent lungs whlen tile few hymns were sung, the stout building ringing with their hoarse notes, as they rose and fell like thie sea surging in a cave. There were two christenings in tile middle of the morning service, both pretty and interesting. First, some little children related to the babies about to be bhap. tised brought mugs of water, carried with exceeding care, lest they slould be broken, which were emptied into the font. Tile godmothers, who wore bride-like wrceaths of flowers upon their heads, accompanied by thie godfather (who looked extremely depressed), con ducted tihe babies and arrangedeverything, thi parents never appearing at all; and we were told that a mar riago between tile sponsors were not considered legal, as they were too closely relatedl Perhaps this fact accounted for tholer melancholy appearance. Thislaw seoemed tle mnore odd, inasmuch as aHeligolander fro. quanctly espoused his own niece without let or hindrance. Buspended by cords from the heavy rafters above were several small models of ships under full sail, gaudily painted, of decidedly Dutch build, presented by sailors whio hIad vowed them to their church when in peril on tihe seas-a relio of Roman Catlolicdays curiouslysurviving in a Lutheran church, where all was severely simple. A lengthy prayer (the Governor whispered to me) was for abundant hauls of fist. I observed that many joined heartily in this prayer who had been wholly unmoved during the ro mainder of the service. It evidently came home to their slow minds, which is scarcely astonishling, so ing that to many of tihe congregation it nmeant the dilerence between starvation and comnpetence. Not so very long ago I was informed." a good wsreck ' was publicly prayed for, in lieu of good hauls of fish, with great fcrvour. It lshowed that, however mistaken the object, they had faiith in the eficacy of prayer. Thlere were no children in the island, unless the grave, miniatur menn, exactly tihe pattern of their fathers, and solid, bunchy little maidens with caps on, could be considered as such; but they appeared to be grown up fronm birth, aud not to hIave an idea of amusing tbemsnlvos.-..All Iho ltsr IReolnn. 