Ifintuve. i \- Bees iu Adversaries. I'hoso who havo personal knowledgo and ex pcrionca of bee-onlturc will bear out tlio re mark that bobs are not particular as to tho bIko or tho position of tho homo in which thoy choose to dwull, so thai, it sufllccs for thorn to carry ou with security thoir wondorful opera tions, In thoir wild stnto cavities of rocks and hollow trees aro alike available : nnd in their domestic condition thoy liavo no pro ferenco for a straw castle over a houso of wood, nor for a wooden houso over a straw uuni'iu« The bee, which, whilo undor proper treat ment, ia 0110 ot man's best frionds proves, when molested, n terrible foe. Allusion is mado to this by Moans, in his story oE what befell tho Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. ' The Amorites came out against ysu, and chnsod you as bees do, and destroyed you.' Tho strength and forco of their sting is such as to enable (hem to pierco the skin of the horso and other largo animals, and kill them. Thoir ordinary Bpoed wlion in flight is from sixty to nighty miles an hour, and they have been known to fly pnat tho windows of an express train when travolling at fullrpood in tho samo direction. Tho bee's manner of attack is to clash straight nt tho object nimod at ; and commonly, whon ox cited by the presonce of somo meddling per son, thoy will attack tho face, aiming especi ally at. the oyos. When tho thousnnds which inhabit a lave aro aroused by tlio sound of alarm — woll understood by ail the inmnlos — to repel nn invader, thoy sally forth with a courage and dotorminntion which none can withstand, attacking thoir foes on ovory sido with n fury it is impossible to resist. King David must have witnessed just such asceno, which lie reproduces in his dasoription of tho fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe : ' All nations compassed 1110 about ; thoy compassed me nbont. like boos.' Hecently, the mishap of a porter in hand ling a box of hoes in transit by railway crontod an amusing and rather alarming scenc at tho station. Thoro wns a gonornl stain pedo of passengers and officials flying in every direction chnscd by tho infuriated boos. Ontcliing tho queen and placing hor in tho box, restored confidence nnd quiet, for, flock ing loyally to hor standard, the wliolo colony ruiiiiucu hi i.uu wiiiuii was uicu sunt 011 its way. But even this is n small affair com pared with what is relatod in nnciont history of persons- boing driven from their habita tions, and tho inhabitants of an entire town boi»6' compelled to floe before myriads of bees, vEliauus, who (lourisho 1 about 200 A. D., gives an instanco of this in one of his seventeen books on animals. Miingo Park, the African travellor, raontions a modern in stanco which took place noar Dooproo : 'Wo had no sooner unloaded t.lio asses than somo of the people being in search of houoy, inop portunely disturbed a largo swarm of bees. They camo out in largo numbers, nnd at tacked men nnd beasts at tho same timo. Luckily, most ot tho asses were looso, and galloped up tho valley ; but the horses and people wore vory much Btung, and obliged to scamper off in nil directions. In fact, in halt I an hour tho bees seemed to put an ond to our journey. In the evening, when thoy became loss troublesome and we could venturo to col lect our cattle, we found many of them much asses wore missing ; one died in tho evening, another next morning. Our guide lost his horso, nnd many of the people were much j stung about the head and face.' ( Persistence of the Beaver. — The!] quickness with which a colony discovers aj wholesale attempt, against their peacc is.' astonishing ; yet if their numbers aro undis- ; turbed, or diminished but gradually, oven the! presence of civilization will not drive them; them from their haunts. To-day beaver arc ; 1 e? i t1 find themselves unmolested, the demand for; benvcr- poltry being slight, nnd tho prices paid I; out of all proportion to tho labor entailed in j| trapping. It lias been said that, if a dam or houso bo onco injured by tho hand of man, tho colony at once disappears. But that this is fallacious is proved by the following: Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mich., on tho Carp Iliver, a beaver colony began the erection of a new dam. Though tlio embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, atld trains passed backward an:l forward daily, thoy seemed in 110 way dis turbed, and worked steadily on until tho wntor had risen a foot or moro. The track master, observing that this endangered the lino — for the embankmont had been utilized as a wing of tho dam — ordered the water to be drawn off. But tho following day tho beavers had repaired tho dam cut through, and tho water was its former height. Again and ngain aud again was the dam cut through, and ns often would it be repaired. All in all, it wns cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty times oro tlio beavers were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon their attempts. White Sparrows-— Instead of tho ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of tho thou sands of sparrou-s in Macon nro white. Pro fessor Willett of Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and whon this fact was brought to his attention ho supposed tho white spnrrows were mcroly albinos. Nature plays her froaks in all classes of tho animal croation, and scatters albinos among men, beasts and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white ono is found. But tho whito sparrows at Macon aro too numerous to bo accounted for on tho theory of chance, which would explain tlio presence of ono in a thousand. Tlioy are exactly like thoir compnnions in ovory re spect save color, nnd thero is no ovidenoo that tlio (whito and dark sparrows havo crossed ; tlicy aro all either solid whito or solid brown. London Needle Women-— Tho women engaged in the shirt trado nro to tho full ns ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were thoir sisters in tho day whon Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rathor than lives by it. She soon becomes in very dood. Tho seamstress, loan and woary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger mid dirt, Sows at once with a doublo thread QlllUUU UB VYUU 113 U BIIUT* Happily, many of the shirt hands nra not .wholly dependent upon tho earning of thoir noodle. Numbers of tho married women of tho poorer classes work at tho shirt trado with a view to supplementing tho scanty wages of thoir husbands and tho additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a weok, sensibly in creases tho comfort of tho household. Con sidering tho wrctchcd prices paid for tho work, tho surprising thing is that tho women should earn even so much nt it as some of them do. Tako tlio button-holing — a leading branch of tho work. Tlio holes nro rough punchcd in tho fnctorios tho work of tho outdoor hands being to stitch them round, This button holing is admittedly ' niggling' work, and yet the rate at whioh it is paid for by the sweaters is a penny per dozen collars. As each collar has throo holes, tho hand, who finds hor own neodlo nnd cotton, has to stitch thirty-six holes for a penny, 10 von so, somo of tho ox ports, by working long hours, by rising oarly on Summerm'ornings, and sitting Into on Winter nights, by living on food that is ' ready to bo put into tho mouth,' cbiolly bread and butter, and eating as thoy work ; by acting on these lines soms of tho button holers will earn as much as eight or nine shillings por wook, Tho prices paid by tlio manufacturers who givo it out ltv tho first instanco aro probably such as would 'enable a Bkillod hnd industrious' hand to mnko n living wage : but as matters stand suoh men ,aro almost oompolled to employ middlemon, and tlft tender morales of the' sweater aro cruol,- * 