Brevities. Scotland wants Home Rule. The Civil Service Act is to be repealed. Rumor says Kemp will challenge Hanlan. A corset is nothing more than a waste basket. Amy Sherwin entranced her hearers last night. D'Arcy Read, the ''ghost man,'' had bad luck lately. Five hundred thousand Jews in the United States. Broken Hill shares have been sold at £191 in Adelaide. Five thousand shoemakers in Philadelphia out on strike. The Iolanthe won the E.S.T.S. yacht race on Saturday. The Government is going in largely for re- trenchment. The R.M.S. Lusitania arrived at Plymouth, on the 25th inst. The United States uses more spittoons than all the rest of the world. John L. Sullivan visits Australia after a tour in England and Ireland. The inspector of nuisances' presence is required in Taylor-street, Annandale. The Shah of Persia is to visit England again, accompanied by his eldest son. Nearly thirty-two millions of postal orders were issued in England last year. Beach's aquatic victory is received with great enthusiasm throughout Australia. R.M.S. Myrmidon has discovered three new passages through the Barrier Reef. It is reported that there are ninety-seven thousand widows iu Massachusetts. The physically blind are thankful for guidance, the mentally blind resent it as an insult. Train accommodation on the suburban line is very inadequate early on Sunday evenings. A big boom in umbrellas and wraps at Penrith on Saturday. Stores cleared at full rates. Beach was never in front of Hanlan, but he was at his back, which proved a better place. Telephonic communication between Newtown and Marrickville was interrupted on Saturday. An old resident of Armidale named August Meis, poisoned himself with strychnine on Satur- day. The inscription upon the coffin of the deceased jockey Geo. Fordham was : '' 'Tis the pace that kills." ''Our'' Beach and the Canadian did not turn up at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night. Between 15,000 and 16,000 operatives in the wrought-nail trade of South Staffordshire are out on strike. What a pity that a man cannot be induced to Eisrn the pledge until he has spent all his inojiey for whisky. Critics and reporters attend theatres on Sun- days for business, and not for pleasure. Managers please note. A Salvation Army warrior in England assaulted his wife, saying he was ''determined to make her sanctified." An actor recently received a post card to this effect : — "Your acting is an insult to the pit ; chuck it up.'' The nationality of a man, the temper of a woman, and the condition of an invalid are all judged by the tongue. Two spirit flasks, a stone beer bottle, and a quantity of brown paper lying inside the railings of the Botanic Gardens. The Manly people are petting up a fund to pay the expenses incurred by Mr. Meyers in defending the ''Floating Coffins'' case. The Bishop of Carlisle has declared that betting is ''an illogical and absurd thing.'' He must have been ''knocked'' in his time. A prominent officer of a certain scientific corps took a great fancy to a lamppost in King-street about midnight on Saturday. The South Coast and West Camden Coopera- tive Company intend to export rather largely to England during this summer. The half-decker Genesta won the first of three races to be sailed for a valuable trophy by Syd- ney Amateur Sailing Club boats. Paris contains 8000 artists of the brush, of whom 2000 or 3000 are women and 300 are foreigners of various nationalities. H.H.S. Nelson arrived from Melbourne yester- day. She did some full-speed trial steaming during the voyage, making 14 knots. The result of the great sculling race for the championship of the world, was received in the country districts with great satisfaction. Miss Fanny Davenport, an American actress, has bought the right, for the United States of Sanlon's new piece. Price 100,000 francs. William Beach, the champion sculler of the world, will never again row a champion race. He intends to retire on his well-earned laurels. The London police believe that the forthcoming championship prize light between Smith and Kil- rain will take place in England and not in Spain. That M.L.A. who has yet an unbroken record in the House, said, on being taunted upon his silence, "A silent member is worth listening to.'' Nature knew what she was about when she made women beardless. She knew that not one in a thousand could keep her chin still long enough to get shaved. Peter Kemp is going in for a little bit of diplo- macy. He has challenged Beach, and if the latter refuses to row him, Kemp will be ''champion of the world.'' Bidwell, the Bank of England forger, during his imprisonment, learned to speak, read and write French, German, Italian, Spanish, Greek, Latin and Russian. Goode's party declined to allow him to meet Tom Lees again after the drawn contest. Lees' supporters offered to back their man for from £200 to £500 aside. A lunatic named Robertson, who was brought from Adelaide to Sydney on Saturday for the purpose of being plated in an asylum here, escaped. The police are in pursuit. A whale measuring 35ft 4in in length, its mouth 6ft wide, and 18ft 6in round the shoulders, its tail 8ft across, and weighing 6 tons 5 cwt, was lately found stranded in the Thames. The tramway superintendent, who personally supervised the traffic at Bondi yesterday after- noon, is to be complimented on his arrangements for taking such a number of people back to town. On Saturday afternoon, a match for £20 a side, was run on the Grafton Racecourse, between Mr. K. Layton's c g Gambler and Mr. A. Eggin's b g Spinner. The Gambler won by half a length. Beach and Hanlan dropped in to pay their re- spects to Mayor Riley on Saturday night, at the Town Hall. Both made nice happy little speeches, Hanlan admitting that he had been fairly beaten. The light Rev. Prior Butler, after St. Patrick's Hall, Goulburn, had been consecrated by Dr. Lanigan on Sunday — preached a sermon on ''Education.'' The sermon was considered an elocutionary masterpiece. The Church of England Society consists of about 5000 members, contributing is per month each. There are about 250,000 members of the church in New South Wales. So said the Cathedral preacher yesterday. Two women of Brooklyn have mortgaged their furniture ftiirty-five times in order to raise money to bet on horse races. And thus is re- buked the vile slanderer who asserts that women have not an equal business capacity with men. Mr. Richard Berridge, of Ballynahine Castle, Galway, has left £200,000 "for the advancement and propagation of education, in economic and sanitary science in Great Britain.'' "And Ire- land" was omitted. He was a large Irish land- lord. Send for plan Sterling Park, Perth, £10 blocks, be- fore it is too late. Cox and Co., 92, Elizabeth- st, City. —32. Country visitors, take 2s through ticket and visit Manly Aquarium. — 19. To- night, Dunbar's Monster Benefit Concert. Sketches, Songs, Specialties, and Farce. Popular artists. Protestant Hall. See front page. Union Terminating Building' Society. Note pirectorate, Saturday's issue. Call for prospectus. 83, Pitt-street.—ll. Wallach Brothers new furniture warehouses, York-street, Wynyard-square, Sydney ; and at Mel0 bourne and London.—33. Three acre blocks, 5s per week. Free passes to inspect. Phillips and Co., 32, Castlereagh- street.— 96 Tattersall's Monster Consultations.—Sir Joseph Banks' 13th Grand Handicap subs. at 20s each. Also, £10,000 Anniversary Handicap ; £10,000 run January 28, 1888, 10,000 subs. at 20s each, now open and filling rapidly. Apply Tattersall, care G. Adams, Pitt-street.—48. Teeth painlessly extracted under nitrous oxide gas daily. Marshall Brothers, dentists, 133, Elizabeth- Street, Sydney.—36. The Earl of Dalhousie is dead. The larrikin element still reigns supreme in Ultimo. The Goulburn Hospital requires a thorough cleaning and whitewashing. It appears now that Hanlan would have won the race only for the other fellow. No farther use for old Diogenes and his lamp. That honest man is found — Bill Beach. Some rare Australian books have been pur- chased by Sir Saul Samuel, who intends to send them to Sydney. Two hundredweight of gold ore, rained at £600, has been brought from Kimberley in the steamer Tannadice. The parcels post difficulty is still unsettled. The steamship companies maintain that they should receive concessions. ''What a day we've had of it !'' was the mourn- ful wail of the majority on their return from Penrith on Saturday night. Vernon's team of English cricketers play a combined team on Ivanhoe Park, Manly, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The Emperor's speech at the opening of the German Reichstag is considered as unfavorable to the maintenance of peace in Europe by the continental press. Haitian's menu for the week or so prior to the race has not this time been published. One would think he ate enough the first time to pull the Great Eastern. A young man named Tucker lost his life at Burford's soap factory, Adelaide, on Saturday. The place caught fire, and Tucker died through injuries received. £150 from the ''Walker Fund'' towards the charities, have been received by the Cootamundra Hospital committee. The building in that town is in course of erection. ''You've seen my last race!'' Not likely, Wil- liam. How often did Sir Henry finally retire from the political arena, and George Coppin, of Melbourne, from the stage ? Five thousand pounds have been refused by Mr. Pearson, of the Macdonnell Range Ruby Mines, Central Australia, for his collection of rough rubies. He is selling them at £2 per carat in London. With regard to the report of the fire in Broughton-street, St. Leonards, it appears a wake was not being held, but a corpse was in the house, and by some unexplained means, the bedcurtains caught fire. While a boy named Thomas, aged 13, was blow- ing down the barrel of a gun, at Branxton, on Sunday, another boy pulled the trigger. Thomas was killed instantly. The boys did not know the gun was loaded. It wasn't half a bad idea of some of the Premier's acute friends to get subscriptions from Civil servants before they knew that be was going to cut down their salaries, or dispense with their services altogether. Mr. A. Bullivant, of Camperdown, denies that he is the A. Bullivant who wrote to us about a prize fight coming off between two residents of that locality. The letter sent to us on the subject is open to inspection by those interested. The Bourke Hospital has received £250 from the Walker Fund, towards the charities. It was raining this morning at Tenterfield, Casino, Ballina, Grafton, Clarence Heads, Glen Innes, and Inverell. The champion's victory the all absorbing topic of the hour. Is it true, as stated, that the champion Beach, on his journey to Sydney, was placed in a second class compartment, which was lighted by two candles only ? The public will soon demand a change in the heads of the Railway Department if they are to be inconvenienced as they were on Saturday. Two trains going south, one at 8.30., and one at 1 o'clock, did not start at all, and it took a train three hours to travel from Campbelltown to Sydney. Truly, this is the height of official in competent confusion. On Friday the Hon.J. Inglis, accompanied by Dr. E. W. Dale, visited and inspected the Bur- wood Public School, subsequently they visited the Hurlstone College. A farewell complimentary benefit is to be ten- dered to Major Dane this evening, when he will lecture on Constantinople. Lord Carrington and many distinguished citizens to be present. In Madras recently a woman gave birth to a male child, having four eyes, the face of a monkey, and crooked arms and legs, while it grunted like a pig immediately on its birth. The midwife sat upon it, and was charged with murder. A serious landslip occurred on the Mudgee rail- way line on Sunday morning. A train passing at the time, had its engine and two trucks smashed. Other two trucks were also thrown off the line. There were passengers oa the train, but none of them were seriously injured. William Burt, who was so seriously injured through a gun accident at Newcastle last week, is being well assisted in a pecuniary way by all classes in the city of coals. Private J. Keek, 4th Battery V.R., won the gold medal at the Victorian Rifle Association, for the highest aggregate scorer in Australia. He scored 223 points. Rewards are offered for proof of the fate of H.M.S. Wasp, which has not been heard of since September 10. Query — What will Hanlan do now? Will he go for the smaller fry here, or will he go over to Queensland and take it out of Ned Trickett. Beach says he thought he could win easier than he did, but did not believe there was another man who could have chased after him in the way Hanlan had done. Rumor says that Beach's little daughter is to be named ''Nepean.'' Joe Thompson has had another ''proudest day of his life''— not prouder, though, than when Don Juan won the Melbourne Cup. Dear me ! that might break a man's leg, re- marked a very reverend clergyman as he kicked the banana skin into the middle of the footpath, and passed on his way — doubtless rejoicing. The Newcastle Steamship Company have de- clared a dividend of 10 per cent. The Primate, Dr. Barry, opened the new church of St. Nicholas at Coogee on Saturday. One hundred pounds, portion of the late Thomas Walker's bequest of £20,000 to the charitable institutions of the colony, was received by the Goulburn Hospital on Friday. The West Australian pearlfishers object to responsible government being granted to that colony. The London manager of the Bank of South Australia, who recently resigned, also declines to join the board of directors. The value of wheat in London is rising. The Crown Prince of Germany has sanguine hopes of being thoroughly convalescent in a short time. The Princess Clementine of Orleans is sus- pected of being the author of the forged document sent to the Czar of Russia, purporting to be from Bismarck. President Grevy will resign his position, and his successor will be chosen on Tuesday. The Junee people have petitioned for a railway from Junee to Temora. They claim that it is a far better route than from Cootamundra, and passes through better country. The impression is that between the two stools Temora will lose the railway. The Mudgee line is responsible for another victim. Another of the patrolmen, i.e. men who travel in front of the mail trains to warn them if any danger exists, having been run over and killed. The OBSERVER considers that the change of name from New South Wales to Astralia is ridiculous. The chances of General Boulanger for the Presi- dency are small. The Heckla copper mines at Calumet, in the United States, took fire. Mr. Parnell is at present staying at Brockley, in Kent, under an assumed name. Sir Saul Samuel has purchased 800 books relative to the early history of Australia. It is on behalf of the Government of New South Wales. Mr. M'Minnie, late Professor of Agriculture in the Roseworthy College, in South Australia, is dead. Ten thousand tickets in connection with the coming demonstration in Dublin to Lord Hart- ington and Mr. Goschen have been sold. For using threatening language towards his wife, Dominick B. Cecil was, is the Central Police Court, lined £5 or two months' imprisonment. A fire occurred on Sunday afternoon in Liver- pool-street. A new post and telegraph office is in course of erection at Botany. 