THE CRADCCK GHOST SCARE. We have received from Mr. Kirkham Evans the following with reference to the Cradock ghost mystery :— For more than a month the North has been in a disturbed condition on account of a wonderful ghost story, which has been freely circulated through most of the newspapers in the colony. We bave_ been informed that upon the approach of Sissy Schultz wonderful taps, sometimes as though a sledge hammer had struck the wall, were heard, electric shocks felt, and on one occasion an apparition was seen by the child. These stories spread about in the neighbourhood, and lost nothing ] in the telling. The good people of Cradock and Blackrock imagined the devil or some accredited representative was in their midst. I heard a gravely told description of the spirit of the girl's mother communicating that the child most be allowed two sticks of tody per day. On Wednesday morning my interest in psychical research caused me to leave Ade laide ior Blaokrock. Arriving there late in the afternoon I made my _ way at once to the disturbed home, and received a kindly recep tion from Mr. Rodeghiere, who said that Mr. J. A. Jones, the resident schoolmaster, would take care of me. Imagine the surprise ex perienced on approaching the schoolhouse meeting a gentleman well known as a student of psychical subjects, with some experience of casee of this kind. If I had wanted any assistance a better man conld scarcely have been found. He said he had been experi menting with the child, and although he had not come to a decision lie saw nothing to warrant the supposition that the girl was possessed of lupernatnral powers. Armed with a small tin of ilunr, some blacklead, string, an electro-magnet, a bottle of strong-smelling salts, a thermo meter, &o; , we again made our way over to the store. It was getting late, and a large number of visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of the child, or for an oppor tunity of looking into the matter themselves. Some had travelled very long distanoes, but we decided it would be unwise to admit any of them, with two exceptions, the Rev. J. Hancock, of Port Augusta, and Mr. A. Heally, of BLackrock. Wo saw SiBsy, a plain-looking child of 9 years, but tall for her age, at times full of life and activity, bold and fearless, simple in. manner, but upon entering into conversation with her, Bhowed remarkable cunning suggestive of I know you, you are laughing in your sleeves," a re mark which, by-the-vay, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations we entered the child's bedroom at tne back of the Btore, and from a hasty glance I was convinced that there was nothing of a suspicions character; one or two boxes and a few sundries were till to be seen. In one corner of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was arranged, consisting of a mattress and the usual bedclothes. Before calling in the girl, or rather when in the store, I ascertained from the father that the only manifestations that had ever been witnessed at any of the stances were the knockB and the electric shocks. It is important that this should be remembered; being the sum total of all the excitement it simplifies onr researches. In one account it iB stated that the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr. Scnultz at 12 o'clook at night, but as he informed me it did not appear no importance can be attached to this. We decided before entering the houBe, first to find out by experiment if the girl was really in a state of catalepsy, or shamming sleep; second, to find out bow the rftpa were made. Having stated our chief objects I will now proceed to describe the sdance, and will then give the result of the experiments, and the reasons which caused us to believe the ohild to be a trickster. SisBy ran into the room full of excitement and expressed her willing ness to retire. She was undressed and pat to bed made on the pug floor. It was a double one, and when the child lay in the middle with her arms stretched out she could not reach over to touch the floor, but by rolling over to her left side she conld easily tap the floor with her fingers, under cover of the bedclothes, and in this way unseen. Strange 1 very strange 1 the child had not shown the slightest sign of sleepiness, and yet in one minute and a half Bheappeared to be in a deep slumber, notwithstanding the talking going on in the room, and refused to answer when spoken to. By-and-by, she commenced to roll her head about and breathed heavily, the father immediately ejaculating, " It's coming; put out the light." We failed to see why this should be done, bat, wishing to give the "spirit" every chance, complied. As this was being done I noticed the child turned over on to its left side, away from as facing the wall, and stretched out its left arm under the clothes. Presently very faint raps were heard, questions put of an ordinary nature and raps received in reply, no question being asked but what any in the room might have answered correctly or made a good guess at, nevertheless the " spirit" was not always correct. The raps exactly resembled the tapping of one's fingers on the pug floor; in fact, once or twioe I tapped with my own finger, and rapped out the replies; these were not distinguished from the others. Un doubtedly the child was producing the raps. Although the lights were out the moon shone through the window just sufficiently to enable us to recognise the form, and no rapB occurred except when she waB lying in the position already described, the only position, in fact. Bhe could produce them without fear of detection (the night previous a hammock was improvised and the girl placed in it, but no raps occurred). A box was now placed near the girl on the bed, but as one end had been blackleaded,. she was too cunning to rap upon this. Having convinced ourselves that the raps were made by the girl, we next proceeded to try by experiment if she really was asleep or shamming. I should mention that before this, when the girl waB awake, Mr. Jones gave her several strong doses of ammonia, and thus caused her to dread the bottle. Relighting the candle, this was brought out. We remarked in the hearing of the child it would be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this was said, before webad any opportunity of apply ing it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and she quickly buried her head. Another time we touched her noBe gently with the end ot the thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her head. At the same time no amount of shooting or shaking had any effect. Presently she threw her arms behind and appeared to go into a state of catalepsy; then she drew them in, shaking her hands violently—a very pretty piece of acting. Probably the girl was practising this when one of your correspondents said he felt the electric snooks. No person in Blackrock, as far as I conld ascertain, ever felt any, and certainly on this oocosion we were not favoured. We had an electro-magnet to test this, but from questions asked wo concluded the electrical idea was only an imaginary one, and thus there was no need to try it. Your correspondent might perhaps have used the words nervous shocks more correctly. Signs of heavy breathing reappeared, and we were again informed that the knocks were coming. Mr. Jones lay down between the girl and the wall, I lay on the other side, bat no more raps. The father told us they would not come while we were on the bed. We tried other experiments by making suggestions, and were perfectly successful. These alone wonld have convinced us of the fraud. Mr. Jones was the originator of these, and as I left him to try farther experiments no doubt, if neoessary, they will be described in his report. At the conclusion of the seance we expressed our regret that the raps were not more distinct, but the lather said if I would Btav another evening he wonld lay her on a boarded floor, and they wonld then be much loader. 1 agreed with him that they would, but did not think it necessary to waste more time. The temperature of the child's body before going to bed vai 87". daring the performance 91*; pulse regular. Next morning the follow ing document was drawn up and signed :— " We agree from the observations of Wednes day, June 1—1. That the child is awake or semi conscious, and we believe she shams asleep. 2. She produces the raps herself with her hand on any available object, this including her own body. 3. The raps oould be easily simulated. 4. That Bbe is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations we made on this particular night we don't feel justified in imputing to any person in the room the cbarge of collusion with the girl.— W. H. Jones, Kihkham Evans. Blackrock, June 2,1887." As stated before, the Blackrock correspon dent whose reports have appeared in" the newspapers (I believe the only reports ever sent from Blackrock) was present, and as the result of an interview afterwards the following was prepared" Mr. Heally stated that he had never at any of the pre vious seances witnessed anything more ex traordinary than that witnessed by him in our presence on the evening of June 1.—W. H. Jones, K. Evans. Blackrock, Jane 2, 1887." Mr. H. A. Stanley, of Petersburg, sends the following letterPetersburg, June 2, 1887\. Mr. K. Evans. Dear Sir—Mr. Wil liams, of the Petersburg Hotel here, and Mr. Opie, police-trooper here, wish me to write you stating they are prepared to swear that they beard the child whispering, and also that they are confident in their own mind that the thing is an imposition, and any assistance they can give you by making a statement as to what they heard and saw during their visit they will only be too happy.—Yours sincerely, H. A. Stanley." We have abundance or other evidence con firmatory of the foregoing, but believe enough has been written to convince any intelligent ' persons that the Cradock scare is no longer a mystery. It will probably be asked, what is the motive ? This I am not prepared to say, but do know that many extraordinary decep tions have been carried on by people with no apparent motive hut to attract attention. Again, some may ridicule the idea of so young a child being capable of snch fraud. I have been connected with several similar eases wherechildren of tenderyears have carried oat the most deliberate frauds. For instance, tne Shropshire mystery in November, 1883. A child scarcely any older than this one caused buckets to move about and upset, coal hammers bolted, domestic utensils moved about when the child came near, a hymn book jumped off the table, brioks and dirt flew about the honse, and I heard a report actually credited by the farm yokels of Weston Lullingfield that upon Emma Davies going into a yard four pigs stood upon their beads and sang the National Anthem (vide Liverpool Mercury, November 16, 1883, and the principal English papers). The girl con fessed afterwards to Dr. Corke and others that she herself had caused all this by trickery, and showed how she did them. So much for the so • called Cradock ghost mystery which has disturbed the repose of a wide district for an entire month. The credulous rustics have unconsciously invented moBt of the ridiculous tales, scaring them selves with imaginary terrors. RAILWAY EMPLOYES' ASSOCIA TION. The first general meeting of the Counoil of the Railway Employes' Association was held on Thursday evening, June 2, at the Yonng Men's Christian Association Hall, Adelaide. The President (Mr. Stock, M.P.) and a fall attendance of members of the Council were present. The Chairman gave a short address, in whioh he com plimented the members of the Counoil upon the succesBfal issue of their efforts to establish a BailwayEmpIoyds' Association in South Australia. He hoped that the same kind feeling that had hitherto existed among them would continue to be made manifest, and that they would individually and collec tively work to make the Association what it was designed to be. He added that he was told that some of the classified as well as non-classified employes of the railway were withholding their names from the Associa tion, apprehensive lest it might be antagonistic in some way or other to the best interest of the Berviee. A more erroneous impression could not be conceived. The roles of the Association, which would be issued in the course of a day or two, were framed so as to admit every employ^ of the Railway, whether classified, non- classified, or provisional and temporary, and there was absolutely nothing in the rules antagonistic to the best interests of the Railway Service; on the contrary, those who observe the rules best would be the best servants of the Railway, and the Association was formed for no other purpose and with no other aim or object in view than " to mutually assist each other, promote and foster an amicable and friendly feeling be tween the department and its employes, pro tect and maintain rights and privileges, secure equitable rates of pay, hours of laboar, raise the status of its members, and afford a ready means of redress in any case of dispute between the department and employes." He hoped at the rest meeting to hear of some hundreds being added to the roll of members, among whom would be many classified officers of the service. The business of the evening was then proceeded with, and several items of importance were brought forward and discussed. The President desired it known that all their meetings were open and free to members of the Association, and hoped that many would avail themselves of the privilege of attending. £3T There is not the slightest doubt that there is a possibility o! restoring and beautifying the hair. The greatest chemists teu us so, and modern proof has been offered n many preparations. That there should be one of superior excellence among these may also be admitted, and the best test of this surpassing excellence would be the lasting patronage received and fame allowed Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Bestorer. Sold everywnere. aoDav Valuable Discovert for the Hair.—11 your hair is turning grey or white, or failing off, use " The Mexican Hair Benewer," for it mil positively J-eelore in every cats Grey or While hair to its At.lginal colour, without leaving the disagreeable «inb.U of most " Bestorers." It makeB the hair ■rfi—A-dngly beautiful, as well as promoting the (growth °' the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your chemist for "The -Mexican Hair Benewer." sold by Chemists and Perfumers .everywhere at 8s. 6d. per bottle. Whole wale deoot rc'UioTed to 83, Farringdon-road. Lon doo 11 vd gar Erf's cch. 'OA.—Grateful and comforting —"By a thorook h knowledge of the natural laws which govern theo, "wations of digestion and nutri tion, and by a coram, application of the fine proper ties of well-selected Cc Mr- Bops baa provided «nr breakfast tables a™ a delicately flavoured beverage which may sav"1 many heavy doctors' bills. It 1b by the judidon.»use. of snch articlei of diet that a constitution aa. v bo gradually built up until strong enough to meL't «very tendency to Hundreds of subtle m. ^tedies are floating around ns ready to attack wherev,,r tbsre {a a weak Cit. We may escape many a fat. w shaft by keep ourselves well fortified with pnrv* blood and a ing oureelvee well fortified with pan mooaMid # properly nourished frame."—Cioil Se.^5J® Made simply with boiling water or ml "-JBold in Mb. packets by grocers, labelled thus—Ja !1es j®pW giro Co.. Homoeopathic Chemists, London, .mgiana Shark Story. — Some visitors to the Ttpara Li^hthouBe last Saturday bad quite an nncommon adventure (eaya the Y.P. Advertiser of May 27). After a very alow, monotonous passage out, and while antici pating a similar retnrn trip, a large shark, abont 15 feet in length, was sighted^ by one of the party quietly swimming within a few yards of the* piles of the lighthouse. Pre parations were at once made to capture the monster. A large hook of half-inch iron, with a shaft nearly 3 feet long, was attached to a line 1J inches thick. The hook was then baited with a piece of dried snapper. Soon the challenge was accepted and his sharkship became securely hooked just behind the jaw, when it made off at a furious rate, lashing the sea into foam for yards around. But the joint effort of four or five men brought it to a full stop. Then began the work of hauling in. This was no easy matter, for the monster felt disposed to enter a most vigorous protest to man's impudence. The five men could not bom it until they gave the rope a turn round one of the piles. At length it was hauled up within a few yards.of the steps, when it be came troublesome and wound the rope short around a pile. They (the keepers) succeeded in harpooning it, but with a tremendous roll and a plunge the harpoon was doubled up like fencing- wire, and at the same time the rope broke, much to the chagrin of the would be captors, and the shark swam quietly away with the hook in his jaw and a terrible harpoon wound in his side, the blood from which dyed the water red for yards in his wake. Whilst the struggle was going on the excitement was intense, several of the ladies being afraid that the whole structure would be pulled away by the infuriated creature, but with the exception of carrying away the rudder of the yacht, which was moored to the steps, no material damage was done. The Young Woman Mubrell. — The strange finding of the young woman Murtell in the Treasury Gardens some time ago will (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) be recollected. There was much anxiety to leam her history, as she was unable to give an account of herself, but all that could be learned was that she had recently come from England, and had been in the service of a doctor at South Australia. It was said she bad baa a sunstroke at one time, but there was no confirmation of that, and what in duced her then perfectly helpless condition has remained a complete mystery. She is now in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. Just recently Mr. Hill, the City Police Court visitor, received from her friends at Norwich, England, letters which indicate that her friends are moBt respectable people, and that all the girl suffered from at home was an occasional fit of hysteria. They tried to dis suade her from coming to the colony, but conld not, and now cannot follow her. It is doubtful whether she will recover her senses. What she was doing in Melbourne before she was fonnd so singularly in the gardens ha remained shrouded in most complete mystery. Missive fbom the Sea.—Mr. Thomas MacCourt, jun., has left at our office (says the Border Watch) a Blip of paper found in a whisky bottle on the beaoh about 12 miles north of the Cape Banks Lighthouse. It was picked up on Monday, May 4, and is sup posed to nave been thrown overboard from the emigrant steamship Energia, while on her voyage from London to Sydney. The word ing of the missive is as follows" S.S. Energia, from London to Sydney, N.S.W., May 23,1886,3 p.m.; lat. 40° 2' S., long. 95 56' E, Number of emigrants on board, 624; do. crew, 66; total, 690. All well. Ex perienced fine weather and westerly winds from Cape of Good Hope. L. Ralston Hpxtable, M.B., Surgeon; A. Child, master." An Aboriginal War.—The Cooktown In' dependent of May 18 saysThe internecine war between the Normanby and Annan blacks culminated on Friday last in a pitched battle near the Two-mile, and close to the railway line. At dawn on the morning of that day thirty-one men, perfectly nude and armed with spears and waddiea, accompanied by six gins, marched from Grassy Hill camp past XatterBall'a Hotel on to the line, which they followed up until near the Two- mile, where they were reinforced by fifteen more braves, the whole body then marching south east for a short distance, when they touched the outpoBts of the enemy from the Nor manby, about thirty strong. There was a great deal of noise, hustling, bustling, and throwing of spears, but both parties retired in the evening without any casaulties on either side. On Saturday there was an armis tice, but on Sunday morning the fight was renewed, and continued with fury for two hours, at the expiration of which the Nor manby men retreated towardR the Annan with four wounded, while the victors fell back on Grassy Hill, carrying one and sup porting two of their speared warriors. The fights were witnessed by more than one civilian, but the police knew nothing about them, although we understand that at least one life was sacrificed. Anti-circumlocution.—It is told that a useful man to Stonewall Jackson was oid Miles, the Virginia bridgebuilder. The bridges were swept away so often by floods or burned by the enemy that Miles was as necessary to the Confederate army as J ackson himself. One day the Union troops had re treated, and burned a bridge across the Shenandoah. Jackson, determined to follow them, summoned Miles. " You must put all your men on that bridge," said he; "they must work all night, and the bridge muBt be completed by daylight. My engineer shall furnish you the plan, and you can go right ahead." Early next morning Jackson, in a very doubtful state of mind, met the old bridgebuilder. " Well," said the General, " did the engineer give you the plan for the bridge?" "General," returned Miles, slowly, " the bridge is done. I don't know whether the picter is or not 1" An Institute fob Mundalla.—Messrs. Moulden, M.P., and Handyside, M.P., on Monday presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands a petition from several resi dents of Mundalla, Hundred of Wirrega, ask ing that an allotment of land in the Mundalla township might be granted to erect an Insti tute thereon. The petitioners also prayed to claim subsidy in future years. The Com missioner promised to obtain a report on the subject. Town and Country Bank.—Two share holders of the Town and Country Bank, in liquidation, have sent to the liquidators letters demanding that the latter shall take action against the late Directors to compel them to refund the losses caused by alleged misrepresentation and concealment from the shareholders of the true state of the Bank's affairs. A request has also been made that the liquidators shall call a meeting of shareholders to fill up the vacanoies caused by the retirement of Messrs. Glyde and Toms. K3~ " The Prospectors' Handbook," by An derson ; very useful to miners and others. Price, 3s. 6d.; poBted, 3s. 9d, Spon's Mecha nic's Own Book, 6s.; posted, 6s, lOd. E. S. Wigg & Son, Rundle-street. 151thscv A Man Lost.—On Friday last a man known as Cbarley was missed from the Caroona Station, abont28 miles north-east of the Bnrra (write the Northern Argue). Charley, whose surname is unknown, was engaged abont 2 miles from the station cutting Bathurst burr in perfectly open country. About a week ago he was heard to say, "I don't know whether to put an end to the burrs or my- j self." Before leaving the station on Friday he said, " Well, this is my birthday. I am 31\. I don't think I shall have very good lock." He appeared to be low- spirited, and was to leave the station for good on the following Saturday. He spoke of going to Teetulpa. There is a dam close to where he was working, and it is suggested that his remains may be found in it if he has been rash enough to commit suicide. On Monday morning a black tracker was sent from Clare [ to search for the missing man. Mount Babkeb's Jubilee.—Knowing that I this district (says the Mount Barker Courier) was settled by some of the earliest pioneers | of South Australia, we recently wrote to the Surveyor-General for information concerning I the date on which Messrs. Dutton, McFar- J lane, and Captain Finniss tnrned their eyes in this direction. Mr. G. W. Goyder cour teously answered as follows:—" Sir—In reply to your letter dated the 17th instant, I have to inform you that the Mount Barker special survey was applied for on January 11,1839, the plan was to be exhibited in the Survey Office on October 19, 1839, the original purchasers to select within one fort night. The land was open for general selec tion on November 26 of the same year, the extent being about 7,800 acres, situated in | the Hundreds of Macolesfield and Onkapa ringa." It will thus be seen that within eighteen months Mount Barker will be entitled to a jubilee all to itself. Gobdon's Famous Leap.—His Worship j the Mayor, being desirous to plaoe the obelisk to the memory of Gordon on the exact site of | the poet's famous leap, invited Mr. W. Trainor, of Coleraine, to visit Mount Gam bier, for the purpose of pointing out the spot. Mr. Trainor courteously acceded to the in vitation, and yesterday (remarks the South Eastern Star of June 3) accompanied the Mayor to the Blue Lake, and tne site was duly marked. The site is at the bend of the road, nearly opposite the entrance gate to the Leg of Mutton Lake, where the landing-place is a very narrow ledge. Mr Trainor, who was present at the time, did not see the jump, being in advance with the other members of the party, Gordon having, as was sometimes his wont, lagged behind Soon after rounding the bend of the road they beard the clatter of Red Rover's hoofs, and looking back saw that Gordon had taken the fence at a mast dangerous spot. He then rode a little further on and jumped his horse over the fence again, but at a less dangerous place. The foundation stone of the obelisk will probably be laid on the 21st by Mr. John Riddoch, of Valium. South Austbalian Ship Mastebs' and I Officebs* Association.—For a long time | past .the masters and officers connected with the shipping of the colony have felt the desirability of combining to protect their | interests, and of late a series of meetings have been held, which have, culminated in the formation of an Association bearing the above title. The latest meeting was held at | Heming's Wharf Hotel on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. G. F. Hopkins, M.P., who referred to the good results of combination, aB instanced by the success of the different labour organizations in Fort Adelaide. Having decided to form the Asso ciation there and then, Mr. Hopkins was appointed President, Mr. A T. Saunders Secretary, end a number of other officers were duly appointed. A code of rules was also adopted. The preamble of the Associa tion sets out that " Wbereas the shipmasters and officers of the South Australian mer cantile marine service have hitherto felt the want of an Association which would give them means of discussing matters connected with their welfare, and the benefits of co operatfon and united action, they have estab lished this Association to accomplish these objects, to achieve reforms, remove abuses, and to watch over and guard the interests of its members; but it is distinctly understood that this Association is not formed in antago nism to shipowners or others, and its members are earnestly requested to show, by zealous and strict attention to their duties, that beiDg members ot the Association is a gua rantee to employers of their ability and fitness for tbeir positions. By generous aud cordial support to this Association, and by the exercise of wise counsels, moderate action, and united effort, the ship maBtersand officers who compose it will make the Asso ciation powerful and respected, and will materially improve their condition." It is intended "by all legitimate means to promote the interests of members, and to resist encroachments on tbeir rights and privileges; to create a fund for the pur poses of the Association by entrance- | fees, contributions, donations, and in terest upon capital ; to maiutiin such wages as ehall from time to time be fixed; I to aboliBh aB far aB practicable unnecessarily long hours on sailing days, and to assist ship masters to procure fair agreements with tbeir employers; to see that all vessels are sufficiently officered with duly qualified men; to protect members respecting Marine Board enquiries and ditcharges, and to afford them legal assistance and advice; and to do any thing which the Association may decide. All masters, first mates, only mates, and second mates holding British certificates of competency or service are qualified for active membership, providing that are not ship owners permanently residing on shore, and persons not qualified for active membership are admissible as honorary memberp, and may hold office and vote on all matters except wages and questions con nected with members' duties. The Associa tion at presents consists of thirty-nine mem bers. It was decided on Monday to join the Maritime Labour Council, and Messrs. P. Weir and G. L. Hughes were appointed as delegates to that body. A minimum scale of monthly wages was adopted as follows:— For intercolonial steamers, master £20, mate £14, second do., £9, third do. £8; for coasting steamers over 200 tons, master £20, mate £13, second do. £10; coasting steamers from 100 to 200 tonB, master £18, mate £12; coasting steamers under 100 tons, master £16, mate £9 ; intercolonial sailing sbips, master £14, mate £8, second do. £6. A oommittee was also appointed to consider a scale of wages for sailing craft trading within the colony. The Manages of the Union Bank.—We learn that Mr. J. F. Proctor, the Acting Manager of the Union Bank in Adelaide, has been appointed to the position of Manager, which has been vacant for some time. Mr. Proctor is a very old officer of the Bank, and for many years has conducted the duties o Accountant with great skill and efficiency, " Rough on Catabbh" corrects offensive odours at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath. 303v Jubilee Celebration at Kapunda.—A. meeting ot the General Committee of the Jubilee Celebration was held in the Council Chamber, Kapunda, on Friday, June 3. His Worship the Mayor, who was in the chair, reported that the Council had met and unanimously voted £10 to the fund. The Mayor and Mr. David James promised £5 each. It was resolved that the Secretary write to the neighbouring District Councils, JuBtices, and other gentlemen, asking them to co-operate with the committee. It was decided to have a procession of children, &c;,, at 11 o'clock on June 29 to the Show Grounds, where games, &a.;, will be carried out, and a good day's outing to all children of the district between the ages of 6 and 14 years. In the evening an entertainment will be given in the Institute Hall. On the motion of Mr. Pearce it was decided to ask the ladies of Kapunda to meet the com mittee at the Institute on Wednesday after noon to lend them their assistance, &c.; The buBinesB places of the town will most pro bably be closed for ihe day. The meeting was adjourned. Sawtell v. Tablton.—On Monday, in the Supreme Court in Chambers, before Justice Boncaut, another application was made by Mr. J. H. Symon, on behalf of Mr. Tarlton as defendant in this Commercial Bank case. The Judge had some time ago made an order that Mr. Sawtell or his solicitor and accoun tant might inspect the accounts and books as fairly within an affidavit filed on March 11, In the meantime the matter should have come before the Master of the Supreme Court for settlement of what was fairly meant by ■' within the affidavit," but counsel for the defendant objected to the matter being thus settled on the grounds that some of the persons whose ac counts Mr. Sawtell wished to inspect had not been adjudicated insolvent or made an assignment. The liquidators, who are represented by Mr. Mann, had previously granted Mr. Sawtell permission to see these figures, but Mr. Symoo, representing the Directors, objected. In Chambers on Monday counsel for the liquidators still offered no opposition to the inspection which was con tended for by Mr. W. V. Smith representing Mr. Sawtell, the latter being for the first time admitted to the bearing. The Judge decided that the matter was one between the liquidators and Mr. Sawtell, and that the Directors were practically out of Court in regard to it. Consequently the matter now remains with the Master. Mount Barker Annoyed.—The Mount Barker Courier, referring to the Town and Country Bank meeting, writes " During the cross-questioning concerning the depre ciation of securities held by the Bank Mr. Krichauff stated that one property for whiah the purchaser gave £21 per acre did not bring a higher bid than £5 5s. when offered recently by the Bank. 'That wab at Mount Barker, a place where we fully expected the property wonld realize a much larger amount.' The statement as to the amount originally given for the land referred to is an absurd mis representation. On Saturday, December 22, I883,atthesaleof Mr. Friend (Jleggett's estate, an eight-roomed houBe and 240 acres, com prising Sections 4463,4465, and 4462, Hundred of Macclesfield, were bought by Mr. Thomas Jones and a Mr. Marks for £1,980, or an average of £8 5s. per acre. The whole of this property was subsequently acquired by Mr. Woodcock for £2,030, or an average of slightly less than £8 10s. per acre. By him it was handed in as security to the Town and Country Bank, and it has not since changed hands. ItwillthuB be seen that Mr. Kri chauff was £16 10s. an acre out in his quota tion. The land was recently offered for sale, and the highest bid obtainable was one of £5 5s. from Mr. L. von DouBsa on behalf of a client. During the insane days of Syndicates at offer was made to exchange a city property —then valued by its holder at a sum equal to £25 for each acre of the land held by Mr. Woodcock—for what was considered the more eligible holding at Mount Barker. At Mr. Cleggett's sale (December, 1883) Messrs. Cor nelius & Williams bought 88 acres 25 perches of land for £908, or about £10 6s. an acre. After being held for more than three years, and although no improvements were placed upon it, it was sold early this year to Mr. Boase for £810. This price was obtained despite the fact that the property was put up by trustees in an assigned estate, and though there was no reserve beyond the amount of mortgage (£700). Since then the buyer has received the offer of; a handsome profit, but has declined to sell. As in every other part of the colony, land in Mount Barker was run up to an extraordinary price in and about the year 1883, but the depression which has clouded over colonial prospects since that date haB not bad nearly so great an influence in this town as it has had elsewhere. Of course we are not in a position to know what the Bank advanced on the property, nor what representations were made to them to induce the loan. The facts as here stated are, how ever, too well authenticated to allow of con tradiction." Tue K. M.S. Rome.—We have been shown a copy of a largely signed address to the Managing Directors of the P. & O. Steamship Company as to the steamer Rome, which was recently disabled at the entrance to Port Said on the voyage from London. Those subscribing to it testify on behalf of the body of passengers to the continued confidence felt in the careful and experienced sea manship of the commander, Captain Gates. They recognised the obligations due to him and the officers of the ship generally for their unvaried conrtesy and attention. The pas sengers were also thoroughly satisfied that the accident was one which the captain was in no way to blame for. It was very much owing to his watchfulness aud good manage- ! ment that the ship reached the port safely with no more Berions consequences than had already appeared. The Czar and his Escort,—A letter of j recent date from St. Petersburg states:— "Great precautious are taken here every time the Czar drives out. Before the carriage or the sledge leaves the Anitchkoff Palace the police are informed by telephone as to the direction in which the Czar contemplates driving. The ordinary police force is im mediately doubled all along the way, and the especial corps of scouts are stationed on each footway. These scouts are mostly privates or cub-officers who have served their time. They form a jbrigade of Bevetal hundred men, who wear civilians' dresB, and receive rather high wages. They follow the Czar as his shadow. They went with him to Skier nievice, Kremsler, Finland, and to the Crimea. At Gatchina and Peterhof tbev form the inner circle of the guards surround ing the palace. One sees them there conceal ing themselves to the best of their ability behind treeB, shrubs, and bnshes. The Czar iB quite againBt theBe strict precautions, bnt the police assert that it is impossible to act otherwise." £W "Loving a Dream," by C. Gibbon, 2s.; Sosted. 2s. 4d. "Life on the Mississippi," lark Twain, 2s.; posted, 2s. 5d. Jubilee Al Colonial Reciter, No. 3, Is.; posted, Is 2d. E. S. Wigg & Son, Rnndle-street. 15Ithscv 