Wool from N.S.W.— Tho quantity of wool exported from New South Wales in 1880, seaward and overland, was 173,985,040 bales, of ths value of .£7,928,590. Take Cark of the Milk.— One-half tho difficulties in making good butter is the care of the hulk, and not in tho mode of churning. From tho time the milk is drawn from the cow until the cream is ready to be used, the strictest care ahould be exercised in keeping it clean and free from exposnre to odour, SirEEr-SlIEARING COMPUTITION. — A sheep-shearing competition took place last week at Goldsbrough and Co.'s ware house between Wolseley'n sheep- shearing machine and an expert hand-shearer. Tho trial was for six sheep each. The shearer got through his lot in .18miu 22sec ; while the machino took Ouiuiu 28sec. The latter, however, obtained from 5oz to (ioz of wool from tho sheep after it had been shorn by hand. The general opinion was in favour of the shearer in regard to time ; but for closonesa of shearing, and freedom from cuts in tho skin and wool, it was decidedly in favour of the machine. . How to Use Chloroform in a Smoker for Quieting .Kegs.— Put a small piece of dry sponge' in the tube of the smoker ; then a piece of sponge wet with chloroform (a few drops will bo sufficient); then put in another dry sponge. The dry piece of sponge will prevent the chloroform' from ; escaping, unless tho bellows aro .worked. ? ' This method of using chlorfonn makes .it' a success, as the smoker spreads the vapor so that none of the bees get too much. An Imaginative Misd. — 'Can you give me a drink, madam V' begged a tramp. 'I can givo you a drink of water she said. ' 'Well,' he said, after somo consideration, 'water'll do, if jou can give me an old jam tin to drink it from. I'm a poor and lowly wreck, madam,' he concluded with pathos ; 'but, thank heaven, I have still left the remnants of what was at one time considered the finest imagination in the country where I was born.' . . , Diseased Poultry, — The so-eallod warts on the heabs of tho fowls are often soabs or sores caused by scratching ; tho irritation orginating possibly from mosquito or other insect bitoe. Applications, on all parts aHeeted, of ordinary sulphur ointment, although not infallible, are fairly aucouBsful asaiemedy. Any Borious oases should be treated with internal medicine also, say half a tei.spoonful of salts twice a week. All birds affected should be at oncn removed from the healthy oncos. A little sulphur may be added to tho drinking water with advantage. A Patriarchal Prisokkb, — During the visit of the Minister for Justico to Darling hurst Court House, Sydney, recently, a prisoner who has reached tha phenomenal and patriarohal age of 101 years, was brougth to his noticcr The old fellow had been in goal for some time on a charge of vagrancy, and remains thero becaiiso he has nowhere else to lay his head. Mr Clarke had a eon versation with him, and elicited that ho was an old soldier. Ho claims to have been through the Peninsula wars, and to have fought at Waterloo. Tue Ei/ectric Light at Sea.— One effect of the olectric light thrown suddenly ou a Bhip is apparently to confu.so thoao in charge of her, aud this may add to the value of the light as a means of defence It appears that tho men in the forts at Port Phillip deads practice aro doing tMs, with tho following rosult as stated by the Argus:, — 'Tho Tas manian Steam Navigation Company have just written to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs complaining that the practico of throwing the electric light from the forts at Port Phillip Heads on to thoir vessels while entering the port, and -keeping it on them while stoaming through tho passage, has placed their ships in the most hazardous position, The ollicers have been quite dazzled by tbo biilliaucy of tho light, and consequently havo only bopn able to tako the proper bearings with tho greatest difficulty, 'i Sad Burning Fatality-.— On Saturday morniug, (says the Ipswich Advocate) a girl named .Elizabeth Welch, of age, was brought by train to town from Hillside, Fasdifern lino, iu a vory low condition from the effects of sevore burns to her limbs which were caused through her clothes catching fire. The accident occurred at the beginning .of the week, but was considered rather trivial since the burns were not treated as severe. However, tho girl gradually got worse, and and when brought to the hospital she was already in a dying condition, and only lived a few hours after her admission, Much sympathy is folt for the bereavod parents who are held in high respect in tho neigh bourhood in which they reside. Wo also learn that the girls mother sustainod some nasty burns to one of Her arms while en deavouring to extinguish the flames from her daughter's dress. A Curioos Case of Thbft. — A curious oaso of theft is reported from Gayndah. Two meu Morris and Watson, were drinking in a back room in Mrs. Hampson's boarding house, and, running short of whisky, Morris sent his grandson John Morris, to get a bottle. Watson giving him 5s. to pay for it, The youth wont into a saddler'B shop aud bonght a pair of Bpurs, and home other little articles Bpending tho 5s. He then went to Mrs. Saddler's and whon he thought thero was no ono about he took a bottle of whisky aud brought it to tho boarding-houso. Tho polico went to tho boarding-house and after a few questions wero asked thoy arrested the youth Join Morris, and walked him off to tho lookup. At. tho Police Court noxt day before E. P. Cravon, Esq., P.M., John Morris was charged with tho larceny of a bottle of whisky, to whioh he pleaded guilty. The bench told tuo youth that it was a vory Bnrious ease and in order to try and stop theft his Bcntenoo would be three months in Brisbane Gaol. They however, gave him tho benefit of tho Offenders Probation &ot.; A PiqIhhaded Ghost.— The Yass Courier comes out with the latest ghost yarn, whioh runs us follows :— 'A oorrespondont from CopfRbolla writos :— Allow me tj trospass on your valuablo space to givo an acoount of a curious sight that has been in this locality. Ifcmado its first appoaranco ? on tho 14th February, whon it oatno to a . house and madoa dreadful noiso in the dead hour of tho night, whon ovorything was quiut, and frightened all tho occupants. It was not hoard of again until tho night of tho 21st of February, when tho Bamo dreadful noise was heard, and thq inmates of the house got up when thoy saw walking around tho room an object which they took to be tho devil Finding that talking to it was of no use, they tried what result a little ammunition would do, and nfter firing three shots it disappeared and Ims not been Been slueo. The fignro was between six and toven feet in height, with a head tho shapo of a pig, and when broadside on, it appeared to be noarly throe foot aoross tho ohest. Our correspondent f urthor odds that ho has nover seen suoh a sight beforo, . and if any person could desoribo tho animal to him, ho would bo extremely obliged, as ho is anxious to know what it is. , Dextistiu-.—W. A, Noble, Dental Sur geon, may bo consulted daily at his Medioal Hall, Huthven- street, Toowodmba.' V Teeth stopped, scaled, and extracted in a satisfac tory manner. Iiiteuding- patients are requostod to call during daylight, if possible,— W. A. JfoWo, T.Q0W0Qmba, .. ?;-.?. -.,; ,:..,:,:; r-^ The Toothpick Industry.— -The tooth . pick industry has grown to onormous pro- ' \ . portions (aaid a dealer in them to a Now ] [ York Mail and Express reporter). Thou- tf sands of feet of soft white pine aro p yearly converted into those infinitesimal I splinters . It has not been many y ears sines ' the big goose-quill was tho only toothpick going. Ono of theso hard picks from a \ goose would frequently last a man a i week or so. He carried it in his waist coat pocket ; and inutead of smoking ' when ho becamo lonesome, he would draw forth his toolhpiolcer and snap it - between his teeth. It acted as a sedative, : so to speak. The evolution from the old : sylo pick was not marked by any inter mediate grades worth mentioning. The soft woodeu'pick found favour soon after its introduction. They wero found con venient and thoroughly cfBciont. The gold toothpick is used more as an ornament than for actual Bervico ; and, besides, it is too expensive for the general \ run. The hotels are the great patrons of the toothpick manufactures. In this city alone thousands of dollars annually are paid by tho hotels for soft wooden toothpicks. It is estimated that each hotel, as a rule, furnishes ten times the the, number of toothpicks to outsiders, than those who aro guests. The reason is that every man who goes into a hotel leans over the counter, sees tho box of tooth picks lying there, and naturally picks up five or six iu his hand hi leaving; Tho business is a paying ono, and good profit's are made. The annual trade amounts to thousands ; and New York, perhaps, has the largest trade of any city. PRESERVING ItOLL BUTTER.— One of the mo3t common disagreeable taste3 to Be found in butter which has been packed .iu. tubs or ferkins is tho -taste of the wooden packages. The taste is far more unpleasant than the tuste of the fresh wood* itself.. It is wood and partially spoiled butter combined. Those who prefer froshly made butter, but cannot al ways obtain a supply, have sometimes attempted to keep/roll butter fresh by immersing it in a strong brino, supposing that it would thus escape the disagreeable woody taste of butter packed solid in tubs but in most cases such experiments have been anything but satisfactory. The difficulty still remains, because the wood flavour is taken up by tho brine and im parted to the butter. The following dir ections are valuable in preparing tubs or casks for keeping butter in brine. It is similar to the method recommended by Professor L. B. Arnold for preparing common wooden ferkins for preparing butter .without brine ?—'Make a saturated brine of the purest salt you can get, using lib of saltpetre to about 520 lb of salt. Scald tho brino by bringing it to boiling heat ; skim and apply when oufHciently cool. The casks should be carefully pre pared as well as the brine. If the gum and sap in the wood are not removed before the casks are used, they will work out into the brine and effect the butter. To remove the woody flavour from the casks, a thorough steaming with a high pressure is the quickest aud best means if soaked bofore tho hot steam is applied.. Hot steam will get the gum aud woody flavour ull out in a short time. If steam is not convenient, soak in brine tilll the wood is saturated, then fill with boiling hot. brine, aud let it stand until it gets cold, then the woody flavour is sufficiently removed. By keeping the butter under the brine and the cask in a cool place the butter will keep safely.' Jenny Lind in Hkr Old Age.— Said a London correspondent:^! was speaking the other day with an elderly .Swedish gentleman about tho stories one hears in ' America of tlie sensation Jenny Lind created there in 1850 — of how people still told of hearing her marvellous voice in the streets outsido the halls and churches in which she sang, ? Pie had known her over since childhood, and was an intimate friend of an old gentleman still living iu Stockholm, who was the tenor in the old operatic company she first belonged to, away back iu 1837, and who was once eugaged to bo married to her. He told me many curious things of her latter life. She is plain and white-' haired now,' with a sevore expression of countenance. She is very pious, and most of her talk is devoted to bemoaning the days when she was sinful enough to appear on the stage. She is intolerant towards young singers, sneering at their voices and their vocation alike, and re bukes anyone who ventures to address her by the name of Jenny Liud— or even refer to the name. I was told of a case some years ago, when she was visiting here in London, wheu her Lost brought to her a youug Swedish soprano who had won fame and respect in Europe and America, and was proud of this oppor-' tunity of paying homage to Jenny Lind. She committed the mistake of alluding to her name, and was so cruelly snubbed ?iu consequence that Mine. Goldschmidt was never again asked to that house. A Fuenou TiuaiiDY.— At the Var As bizos last week a man, uamod Sicard, was . condemned to twelve years ponal servitude for having riaiu hia brother in a boat, off Toulon, a short timo ago. Tho circum stances of this repetition of the crime of Cain .aro extremely tragical in tho naked reality. It appears that a ship's oflicor.M. do Martel,. while on watch on board his vessel, which was lyingjust outsido Toulon harbour, heard during tho night or a littlo beforo tho early dawn, tho noiso of scuflliug, and Bhortly, rfterwards piercing cries for help,. The sound seemed to bo 200 yards away and as M. do Martel listened thoy suddenly oeasod. Then, after tho lapse of a few minutes, he hoard the splash of a heavy substance in the Bea. Having roused tho crew M. do Martel ordored a boat to bo lowered, and the men saw a small fiBhingveBSol, whioh was being Bwiftly rosvod, disappearing amid the dark ness in tho wost. In the meantime the sailors distinguished tho doad body of a man floating ou tho wavos, but it Bank as thoy rowed near it. Tho body was that of Bap tistin Sioard, just killed by his brother Francois, who, on returning homo, told his fathor that ho had put Baptistin ashore boforo tho night's work in tho fishing ground had been iinishod. Tho body, however, was thrown up on tho beach by the wavos later' in the day. and Franoois Sio&rd; was arrested; It wag proved that hn had frequently mal troatod his brother who was tho fuvourito Tho caso drew lart[o crowds of persons to the: court-house, and as tho indictment was being read the ~ accused, a strong, bull-neokod' young follow of twonty-throo raved like a' maniac, so that tho trial had to adjourned for a timo. . .' An Admonition to-thn Public— Thcro aro impostures on tho marknt purporting to be tho _samo as, equal or superior to a celebrated modicinal bevorago of standing and excel lence. ^ These nostrums are cotrpoundorl of iinrectitied spirits, high wioeBandpernicious drugs. Of oourso thoy are hurtful in tho lost degree. The artiole of which they would be rivali) or ?imiMtjona is , WwgsH Soffifirffs, -'-?'. ;?????-?? '? ? ?'? ?' ? ' ?ANew Hack of Governors.— So wo are, says a writer in a contemporary, to have a now breed of the vico-rogal gentle ipen who represent Her Gracious Majesty the Queen in the Colonies, at least so I learn from the following telegram: — 'News received from London by the K..M S, Massilia states that it is an open secret that thoro will be a coinpleto re volution amongst the colonial Governors in tho course of the next eighteen months Tho_ authorities havo come to the con clusion that now blood is required, and advantage will be taken of the retirement of some of the older hands to iiifuno it. Loid'Ciirrington's appointment, resolved as experiment, has proved such a com pleto success that other peers possessing adiniustrativc experieuco are pretty sure to be asked to join the vir.c-rogal ranks. Lord Hardwick, everybody knows, has for years been wanting a colonial Gover uorship, but only a vory bold Secretary of State would care to trust him in an im portant colony. Lords Dalhousie and Chas Beresford are, however men of very different calibre, and both, according to report, are willing to accept Australian posts. This means of courso that the Gpveruora who will be sont out iu future, will be men who have money and will spend it, and not broken down statesmen who Wish to retrieve their fallen fortunes The Australian Wine Importers Limited. — A company with this title is announced, with a capital of £I5O,OUO iu 30,000 shares of £5 each, of which 10,000 shares are now offered. Its scheino is briefly, to take ;up the Australian wiue trade on such a systematised plan as shall on the one hand, give this valu able and increasing product of the Aus tralian colonies a fair means of exhibition to the great consuming public in England and, on the other hand, shall give a guar antee to the purchaser that he will get a pure and unadulterated, and sound Aus tralian wino. With a view of forming a a nucleus for the commencement of tho Company's operations an arrangement k;is been made with Messrs. Oollyns and Co., Australian merchants of East India avenue, for tho assignment to the com pany of that branch of their business— with the goodwill thereof— which com prises the importation and sale of Aus tralian wines. This branch has ? been carried on by them for upwards of filtceu years, and its extent includes nearly one IJillJL Ui L11U CllllirC' lUlJJUltilWUIl Ul lrllUa-5 wines into England. Mr. Culiyns, jun., has recently returned to England from an extended tour through the Australian wino growing districts, and has been able to obtain quotations of prices for young wines purchased at the vineyards, which leave a large margin for profit after pay ment of all incidental expenses. In order to organise and arrange tho details of operations, Mr, Colly us junr., will act as managor to the company. The company propose to establish a large depot in Mel bourne for the blending of these winos up to : approved standards, and maturing them. After receipt in London the wines will be bottled and distributed through out the country by means of a complete system of agencies. The company pur chase from Messrs. Collyns and Co., the assignment of the business and the goodwill of his trade in Australian wines for the sum of .£7501), payable in fully paid up shares, which appears a moderate remuneration for a business showing such excellent progress of late yours, An Unpopular Governor. — An extraordinary demonstration against the Governor of Honduras totik place on the occasion of his departure from that colony. The scene is thus described by the local journal : — ' As the time for the steamer's departure drew near, the fleet of boats and vessels sailed off and drew up in a line alongside of the deep channel — through which the steamer had to pass— and there awaited- her, As she came abreast of them she was again saluted with music and with loud shouts, and the whole fleet turned and attempted to accompany her. All, with the ex ception of , two, however, found it im possible to keep up with her, and they accordingly returned to the anchorage But the sloop yacht and a large schooner each kept side by side with the steamer — which had to steam at a considerable slow rate through the channel — their bands iu the meantime discoursing sweet music. The band of the schooner played a Spanish tune whose name, when translated into English, means ' Good Riddance,' and the sloop yacht played the 'llogue's March.' Playing these tunes the two vessels kept company with . the steamer until they had gone over three miles from the anchorage, when they turned back. Tho wholo of the rest or me days was given up Dy ino townspeople to festivities.' Neevous Maladies. — Iu many parts of Queensland the Colonists, especially those who are weak and enervated by mental anxiety or overwork, suffer severely from soino form or other of nervous diseases. Insomnia or sleep lessness is one of the earliest and most marked symptoms of these distressing affections, and so long 03 'Nature's sweet restorer' is denied them, tho malady — whether it ho ono of tho many forms of Neuralgia, an over worked brain, hynochondrinsis, gouty pnngs or Hying pains — beeome intensified to an alarming degree, nud debilitate tho system generally. Sinco I'reemau's Chlorodyno was lllljiouucuu lulu ijueuusiuuu lmusu uisLiu&auiy; nervous diseases are regarded as perfectly curable Curtain, reliof is obtained in every case, and by biking a full doso at bed-time refreshing sleep is ensured, and tho sufferer wakes in tho morning refreshed and strengthened. Insist upon having ' .Free man's' only. Trado mark, an Elephant. — Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. — [Advt.] ' A Miraculous Salve.' — For tho cure of ulcerated Bad Legs, Boils, Abecessos, Scrofula, Scurvy, Swollen Glands, TnmourB, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, and Skin Diseases of all kinds, ' Olakke's Miiugclous Salvk' properties oro wonderful. Sold everywhere in pots at Is, lid., 2b 0d., and 4s Gd. each. Proprietors, The Lincoln and midland counties Ditua comfans, Lincoln, Euglnnd. Towlb's PknnykovaIi and Steel Pills fob Females quickly corrcot nil irregulari ties, and rolieve the distressing symptoms bo prevalent with the box. Boxes la. lid and 2s. 9d., of all Cliomistn nud Patent Medicino Vendors. Prepared only by The Lincoln and Midland Countios Drug Co. Lincoln, England. Wholesolo of all the Wholesale Houaos. Bowaro of lmitnions The Little Ache in Small ov Back, tho slight pain over thn hips, tho weary worn out fooling tiro vory significant and warn you of serious rofluHfl that will follow Atteud to thom at onee. TJao Dr Bell's Bittrrs, which will relievo thoso little aeheB arid pains, and snvo you a long spoil of nick, noes, doctor's bills, itc. Pbotidino Succulent Food Dueiho Dm Wbatiieb. — Ono of tho hardest things for dairy farmors to loarn is tho keeping up of tho suooulont food so that tho cows shall not suffer ehrinkago iu times of drquglit, Wk.a,t U nwM it plwty ?f juicy fad. Pabisian Night Refuges.— Tho night refuges in Paris received lust year GO.OOO homeless creatures, many of whom remained for several coiiBCcutivo nights. OE theso 50,000 ivero French, 3221 Gorman, 2112 Bel gian, 890 Swiss, 602 Italian, and 70 English. Over 70,000 pieces of bread and 15,000 dowIb of soup, or othor rations, were served, and 15,000 articles of clothing distributed. LmuTiiNANT IIesketii, — It is stated in well-informed circles (snys the Courier) that Admiral Tryon has replied to tho comnmnica cations from tho Government respecting a pro posal to try the charges against Lieutenant Hesketh by court- martial that the matter was beyond his jurisdiction, and that therefore he was unable to order the court-martial uh re quested. The ensu is now under the considera tion of tho Government. He did Not ArritKcrATB High Art. — On Friday evening, the 11th instant, a grand concert was given in the ParrnmaLUi Town Hall, in which tho following artistes took part : Madame and Mous Poussard, M. do Valmeucy and Mr Hallewell. Parramalta showed its lovu for good music by almost discountenancing the affair, about 20 persons putting in an appearance. We (Cumberland Times) passed by tho hall about half past 8, and inquired of a local youngster at tho door what sort of a house th-iro was. 'Thoy ain't 20 in, sir.' 'Has tho entertainment commenced yet ?' 'No, not yet. Two men played tho piano and a llddle. and a fat cove sung a nong. I think they'll commence soon, though.' Links in an Album. — A farmer's daughter during tho rago for albums handed to Willis Gaylord, an American poet, an old account-book ruled for pounds, shillings, and pence, and requested a contribution. He happily utilised the figures as follows : — £ s d This world's a scono as dark as Styx ... Where hopo In scarce worth ? 2 0 Our joys arc burnc so Meeting hence That they arc dear at ? 18 And yet to stay hero moat arc willing Although they may nut have a ? 1 An Impassable Road. — Some time ago tho attention of tho Municipal Council wan directed to tho veritable quagmire into which the surfaco water flowing down Taylor-street converted the road that runs above and par allel to tho railway gardons. We do not know whether the City Fathers purpose doing any thing to remedy the extreme discomfort all those who are forced to use the thoroughfare in wet wcath experience, but certainly it is time something was done, and there arc many who fervently wish steps had been taken before this to remedy tlia ex isting stato of nffairfl. When heavy rain falls, and heavy rain is always fulling uow-a-days, that part of the road near Mr Pcchcy's office ia either a miniature sea or a lako of linuid vet most tenacious mud. Shocking Accidknt in Tasmania.— A fatal accident has occurred in Tasmania, near Circular Head. An old settler, Mr. F. H. Harman, and two lads named Ducket, wore driving in a cart at Rocky Cape, a quarter of n. mile from the former's house, when a gigan tic tree full upon the vehicle smashing it to pieces. Tho first news of the disaster was gained by a neighbor, Mr. Edge, who saw the horso galloping up the road with its harness on. He ran out and stopped it ami recognised it as Harmau's. Giving the alarm those, living in tho neighborhood rushed down to where tho tree was lying, and a horrible spectacle met his ga7.c. The cart was smashed to pieces, aven Hie tyres smashed in several places. On tho log lay tire two poor boys, one. the eldest, breathing his last, the other breathing but uuconscious. Under tho tree was the body of poor Harman. The trees must havo struck them accross the thighs as thep were sitting on tho seat, as thero legs and lower portions of thoir bodies were crushed. The youngest boy lived about fifteen minutes. The parents of the boys are residents of the colony of Victoria. Ensilage. — A samplo of 1500 tons of en silage, at present stored at Mcrilong, Liver pool Plains, by the proprietors of tho property, Messrs. W. and P. Lamb, is now on view at ?Vniipllv'K 'Bazaar. Pitt-street, sava the 5. _3f. Herald. This small exhibit is specially in teresting from tho fact that it proves beyond a doubt the possibility o£ conserving tho native grasses of the colony. In October last, the season being wonderfully favourable, there was an immense growth of grass all over Merilong. Tho mower was sot to work, and about 200 acres mown, tho yield being on tho average eight tons per acre. Tho grass, the greater part of which was in a damp state, was stared in pits and stacks, and the sample is from the bottom of a pit, the dimensions of which aro— length, 100ft; width, 12ft; depth, 10ft. Tho samplo proveB conclusively that tho native grasses form material for ensile fodder of irood quality. The owners of Mcrilong could have ensiled as much us 50,000 touB, had they sufficient plant and confidence in the native grasses proving as good as tho samplo now ready for inspection. Tho greater part of tho material is fonncd of trefoil, and a small proportion of tho varie gated thistle. Tho latter, strange to say, when pitted makes good ensilage. TriE NiniLiSTS.— Wo take tho following from a recent issue of tho S. 31, Herald: — 'On the 17th June, 1885, a paragraph appeared in a London contemporary stating that the Russian Nihilists had granted the Czar a reprieve of two years. A congress of tho ordor. it was said. had boon held quite recontlv at KhnvkolY, and this congress had decided that for two years no attempt should bo made against the Mo of tho Czar or any of tlio Im perial family. Evory possible effort was to bo made to iuduco the Czar to issue the constitu tion that was actually signed by tho lato Czar on the very day of his assassination, but which was nevor promulgated. At tho con gress a copy of this ukoso for a constitution, tho tenor of which has been guarded as a pro found secret by tho Imperial family, was read and discussed, and unanimoualy approved. It was described as of tho most liberal char acter, based on that of Germany, and if pro mulgated would bo the virtual end of Russian autocracy. If at the expiration of two years t.lin flznr rnfnsfid to Brunt the constitution. then tho policy of assassination and terrorism would bo inaugurated on a scale nevor yet at tempted. Twenty months of this period of tho two years have gone by, and it is some what significant that while for some timo past the revolutionary party in Russia havo been vsry quiet, they aro now again beginning to manifest thomselver, and that within tho last few days an extensive conspiracy against the Government of tho Czar has been detected amongst tho students of tho Russian military schools.' Cootcing 3iY Gas. — Mary Hooper, -whoso oxcellent cookery books aro well known to most housekeepers, has an interesting article in tho Queen of 5th Fobruary on roasting and cooking by gas. It contains an account of an exposition by gas cookery given by Mr Sugg, tho gas engineer, in tho kitchen of tho Town Hall, Westminster. His roasters were placed on tables, without flue or communica tion with any chimnoy, and each took up but little moro spaco than that occupied by an ordinary joint. Tho meat wob placod on a thin stonl spit, tnrnodbyaolock-work-running turn-jack, such as is called in Franco, a tourncbrocho. The roasting chamber open* iu halves, the uppor portion being fitted with glass, so that progress can bo reported from time to timo witnouD opening tno roaster. Tho hoarings of tho spit nro in tho lower half, and tho dripping-pan is so placed below tho humors, as to proservo fat and gravy from being burnt, Tho boat used is omitted by luminous flamo burners made of steatite, a stono which, although normally soft, ncquircs aftov exposure to a certain dogrco of heat, hardncs3 surpassing that of steel. Mr Sugg cooked a dinner of several courses, everything, from tho ooup to tho coffac, being prepared in presence of tho guests, nud tho method was so beautiful, oloauly and offectivo that tho pro judlcet oftou entertainod Bgainst gas cqoltery muli bfcve tooa wra»« la ita hwur. 