-DU35. HEW BISHOPS. 1 DR. DOYLE AND DR. HUTCHINSON. tkeh; consecra'tvcn xi:. y-r. mary's cathedral. WlTtt all the splendidly solemn '' pomp ahd e.ir cminstaiieo1' of the Church's matchless SVircmonial, aool amidst surroundings sm'j. as only a great cafkedral can afford o'?3. so holy and happy an -occasion-, twojsf tire 'five recently-elected members ?of the Australian Hierarchy wore on Sunday la-t 'consecrated ' m the order x High Priest by Heavenly benediction.' In thu?e columns the con secration of the bishops nF tin-arc new Sees ? Wil- -3S,rmia, in our own colony $ j-'Wie, in Victoria ; and Christchurch, inNew^Halarpl, has already been chronicled, and^he two distinguished ecclesiastics whose heads and hands nav-- now been anointed in. the oilcient lite of Holy Church rive* the Sight Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop o£ 'Graf ton, ftl-evr South 'Wales, and th'e ftiglit Eev Dr Hutohinson, O.S.A., Bishop of Maxiuiiauopolis, inparlibus ivfuielmrh,, and Vicar-Apostolic, with episcopal authority, ?-* Cooktown, Queensland. The happy accident of fortune of the consecra, tioa of these Wo 'bishops falling on the same day, and of owr ?cathedral being by a joint wish the se lected pteo for the performance of the sacred function, aff - rded the Catholics of the metropolis tte pppor.'.nity of witnessing a roiigious cele fofatior an intensely and peculiarly interesting char? cter, and one which it may Justly be said has L-r been surpassed in the Australian colo es in point of grandeur, dignity, or impressive ness. Excepting in the matter of weather alone fchero was nothing which could possibly have been improved upon, and oven in this regard the drizzling rain which mado things gener ally so unpleasant in the city on Sunday could scarcely be said to have marred the completeness of the consecration ceremony, for the Cathedral was taxed to its utmost; ca pacity, the congregation being cne of the largest and most representative' -over gathered together within the walls of St. Mary's. Of the great honour paid the new bishops by the unpre codentedly largo number of prelates, heads of1 religious orders, and representatives oS the general body of the clergy, it is uofc neces sary for us to refer at any length, for the lono list of distinguished and venerated names which we print of those who assisted at the con secration—a record which will survive as a consol ing and gratifying memorial when, perhaps, the other circumstances of the event hayo passed out of mind— shows in itself the £v\\\ sio-ninVnce of the extraordinary tribute o^ r0 n,rd an°d ^verence. All th bishops of our Own colo were th0re with the Cardinal- Ai-nbiiShop at thoir h(jad} audwllile tue ^-stont diocose Of Adelaide was represented !?v .onbishop Eeynolds, an ever so much more '-eitaiit mission was represented in the person of o venerable Bishop of Hong Kong. In many «r ects the gathering on the sanctuary on Sunday was remarkable; and anyone of an observ ant and philosophic turn of mind could hardly have failed to note how singularly and how strik ingly the unity and universality of the Church was illustrated, for among other nations Ireland, Australia, England, France, Italy, Holland, and China (tho Rev. Paul Ohio hailing from the Flowery Land) were represented in that group around the ono altar. A gratifying circumstance in connection with the consecration, not generally known, was the receipt by the Bishop of Grafton ef an immense number of congratulatory letters ixh-X telegrams from all parts of the district, in Svlncu ho laboured with such successful zeal sol' the past twelve years ; and what added a special value and significance to these felicitations was the fact that men of all de nominations, many of them holding influential positions, joined heartily with Dr. Doyle's co religionists in testifying their good-will and their pleasure in his promotion. The good Catholics of Lisrnore and the Richmond and the Tweed tivera did not confine themselves to happy-hearted greetings, but sent also to their beloved pastor golden tributes of their affection in the form of rich and costly presents for his personal use in liia^ new episcopal dignity, and which are de scribed elsewhere in this report. Dr. Doyle also received congratulatory telegrams from the Archbishop of Melbourne, and the bishops of Hobart, Sandhurst and Ballarat. Dr. Ilutchinson was also the recipient of -i large number of con gratulations from far and near, of the heartiest description. Another little circumstance is worth noting, and it is that Dr. Doyle had the happi ness of having as his chaplain during the con secration his brother, the Rev. Father D. Doyle, of Lismore. Dr. Hutchinson being an Augus tinian, there was a particular appropriateness in his being attended by Prior Coleman, O.S.A., who came specially from Victoria to assist at the Con secration, ' THE SCENE IN THE CATHEDRAL. The e font, possessing -r, it did a peculiar in terest, acd being inve.rt'-d as it was with a special importan :eon accoun' o its almost unique cha racter— ft r it was the first consecration in the new Call: edral and tno first double ceremony of the kind -? ver performed in Australia — naturally attracted more than ordinary attention, and of this intense and wide-spread interest the crowded state of St. Mary's, notwithstanding the heavy rain which fell till the morning, afforded striking proof. Long before the appointed hour for the commencement of the long and elaborate ceremonial the great building was crowded, but by this we do not wish to infer that the assem blage in tho cathedral was characterized by tho disagreeable features commonly associated with large public gatherings in Sydney, for, thanks to the intelligence, courtesy, and good management of Mr. J.* F. M'Donall, warden of the A. II. C. Guild, and the trusty band of Guild men who did willing service on the occasion, there was nothing even remotely approac L con- fusion or disorder ; certainly there w .». nothing permitted which would have marred ^ 1: -: solemnity of the proceedings or taken awav fi\' in their im pressiveness. Every bench was iille d and in the aisles and at the space at the oi'L. em end of the cathedral hundreds were glad t o stand. Special accommodation was provided or the particular mends of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Hutchinson who had been invited to the Consecration, and among these gentlemen were Mr. C. Dean, delegate, Lismore, and secretary of the testimonial committee ; Mr. John Walsh, of Randwick, and ex-M.P. of Cooktown ; Mr. J. Nugent Ryan, and Mr. John Meaglier, &P;', of BaUuirsfc. The duluess of the weather olitsid'o produced inside the Cathedral precisely that ' dim religious light ' which, lends tho air Of deepest solemnity t'6 a religious ceremony, and amidst what an eminent artiftt has styled ' the holy glooto of the House of God ' the warm tints («rd colours of 'tho storied windows richly dight' stood out conspicuously. But whatever dimness or sombreness there was about the body of the cathedral, around the snow-white al*ar tliero wan none, for tho decorators art had made the whole sap.cteary bright and beautiful ; and with the ugh os ana flowers and the gorgeous hangings of scarlet and of gold, and tho great northern window ' diamonded witlinanoB of quaint devlep Innumerable of sfcaino aiid.BUftnitlid liy'rio, _As are tbrt tigoiMitotii'a deep damask wings, 'VVitJj. th'oVisnhd sacred heraldries; And radiant saints and bright emblazonings ' — the spectacle was a charming and an edifying one. There is no more beautiful or more pro foundly impressive ceremonial in the Church than that of the consecration of a bishop, and, performed in such a cathedral as St. Mary's with the accessories of elegant decoration and moving music, the idea of the noble an.d beautiful in the outward forms of religion may be said to be realised-. Rarely within its brilliant history— in- deed,, the only exceptions are the opening of the cathedral and the opening of the Plenary Council — had so many prelates and dignitaries kiielt in prayer around the High Altai: Of our new St. Mary's, and it mp,y be years and years again bo fore it will be possible to collect at any single ceremony so venerable, so picturesque, and so truly representative a gathering — prelates, priests, and prince of the cburch. ' There were there from north, south; and west, their heads decked with the mystic armour of the champions of the Church, no less than eight pre late?, to assist at the elevation to the Colonial Hierarchy of two new brother bishops, and among the venerable clergy, many of them with white hair, the crown of age and of service, wore Jesuits, Marists- Arincentiaris, Augustiniansj Eenedictines, Eedemptorists mingling in the ranks of the secu lar priest? wearing the ordinary attire, while here and there a Franciscan friar or an Augu3 fcinian in his sombre robe could be distinguished. Nowhere but in a Catholic cathedral could such a spectacle have been possible ; and the massive gilt sanctuary rails draped with red, crimson carpets stretched in symmetrical lines on the mosaic floor ; the huge stone pillars and the lofty parches hung with rich damasks ; the High Altar and shining tabernacle resplendent with gold and lights and flowers, lace and embroidery ; the graceful and elegantly carved reredos, and tho magnificence of the great memorial window — all formed a fitting and an appropriate setting for the noble picture of Catholic faith and Catholic unity presented in. the brilliant assemblage of prelates, doctors, and priests. THE PROCESSION, It had been aranged that the ceremonies should begin at ten o'clock, and all the prelates and other dignitaries who were to assist at the Consecration having assembled by that time at the Presbytery, the Cardinal-Archbishop and. the Bishops-elect were escorted to the cathedral vestry, where the priests were assembled in order ready to enter the cathedral. A few minutes after the appointed hour an imposing procession, heralded by a burst of music from the organ- chamber, emerged from the vestry, and passing to the front of the sanctu ary ascended by the broad stone steps. A cross bearer and acolytes with lighted tapers and incense walked first, followed by a little army of scarlet robed sanctuary attendants ; then the priests in their black soutanes, white cottas, and berettas ; and then in order of dignity the prelates who had come to be present at the Consecration but not officiating-, all richly robed in purple silk and beretta, and all wearing the pectoral cross and chain. The Cardinal- Archbishop, the Bishops elect, and the two assistant Bishops of the Con secration leaving the vestry did not immediately enter the sanctuary with the procession, but pro ceeded by the rear of the High Altar to the chapel of the Blessed Sacrament in tho western aisle, there kneeling and offering prayer according to the old and beautiful custom of the Church. A REMARKABLE GATHERING. When all had entered the sanctuary the Cardi nal was escorted to his throne, which had been decorated for the occasion, and the dignitaries and priests were arranged to the right and left of the High Altar. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide, South Aus tralia, and their Lordships the Eight Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goxilburn ; the Right Eev. Dr. Raimondi, Bishop of Hongkong, China; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia, occupied places on the Gospel side of the sanc tuary ; and on the opposite side were th'e two assistant prelates of the Consecration (the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Arrnidale) and the Bishops-elect, the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson. The officiating ministers occupying their re spective places were the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, Vicar-General of the diocese of Sydney, assistant priest ; the Very .Rev. M. O'Callaghan, Superior of tho Vincentiau Order, and the Very Rev. Dean McCarthy, deacons of the throne ; Rev. J. J. Byrne, deacon, and the Rev. E. O'Connor, sub deacon of the Mass ; Rev. P. T. Corcoran, of Mor pcth, chaplain to the senior assistant consecrating bishop (tfae Right Rev. Dr. Murray) ; the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, of Armidale, chaplain to the second assistant bishop (the Right .Rev. Dr. Tor reggiani ) ; tho Rev. D. Doyle, of Lismore, chap lain to the Bishop-elect of Graitou, and the Very Rev. Prior Joseph Coleman, O.S.A. , of Echiica, Victoria, chaplain, to the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchin son ; the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, St. Mary's Cathedral, aud the Rev. P. V. Dwycr, of the Mait land Cathedral,, masters of the ceremonies. The following clergy were in rows of benches on tho sanctuary u,t either side : Tho Venerable Archdeacon Rigney ; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G., O.S.B. ; the Very Eev. D. Clancy, S. J., Rector of St. Aloysius' College ; the Very Rev. Father Couloignier, S.M., Superior of the Marists ; the Very Eev. Dr. Murphy, Rector of St. John's College ; the Very Rev. Edmund Vaughan, C.SS.R., Superior of the Redeinptorists and Rector of the monastery at Waratah. ; the Very Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F., Superior of the Franciscans; the Very Rev. P. Le Renne tel, S.M. ; the Very Rev. D. A. Mitchell,, O.S.F.C., dioceae of Armidale ; Eev. T, LongjReVv H. Cummind, S.M. ? Rev. M. Glasheon, Kcv. M. ivturlay, S.M. ; Rev. P'. Ryan, Rev. T. Keating, Rev. W. Coffey, Rev. Paul Ohio (Hong Kong), Rev. T. Barlow, Rev. Thomas O'Roilly,- Rev, ji'ather Mooney,- O.&'.A. (Echuca1, Victoria) 5 Rev. 0\. M. G.. Van der Hoyden (Chiltern, Victoria^ Rev. J. H: Doyle (Smithtown, Macleay River), Eev. Gerald. Doyle (Ballarat, Victoria), Rev. M. Campion, diocese of Bathurst,- and the Rev. 3. j.-heEn. In the vicinity oi the rig'llt side of the sanc tuary a number of benches were reserved for the Sisters of Charity, the Sisters of Mercy, the Sisters of St. Joseph, the Little Sisters of the Poor, the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, and tho Nursing Sisters di the Liitle Company of Mary. The Consecration. The Cardinal-Archbishop was arrayed in his magnificent scarlet robes, including the c-appa magna, on entering the sanctuary, and the Bishops-elect wore the ordinary episcopal dress of ? soutane, manteletta, and beretta — Dr. Doyle being in purple, and Dr. Hutchinson — doubtless on account of the fact that he is an Atigustinian — in black. These silken robes of red and purple El/ad b'lac'k were immediately put off, and while the Oonsc-crator at the throne was being robed in lustrous cope and jewelled mitre the Bishops-elect, attended at their temporary chapel on tile epistle side of the sanctuary by the assis tant bishops, each vested in the robes of a priest with an elegantly worked cope of white silk, the assistant Bishops being themselves robed in cope3 and mitres, the former extremely rich in gold embroidery and the latter according to the rubrics of white and perfectly plain. The rite of Consecra tion was commenced by the Eight Rev. Dr. Murray (the senior assisting Bishop) approaching the Cardinal-Archbishop, who was seated in the centre of tho predella of the High Altar, and pre'1 senting the Bishops-elect with the prescribed formula : cs Most Reverend Father, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, demands of you to promote the priests here present to the heavy office of a Bishop.' The Consecrator answered, ' Have you tho Apostolic Mandates ?' to which the Senior Assistant replied, ' Wo have.' The Consecrator then ordered the documents from the Holy See conferring the new appointments to be read — a duty which was immediately performed by the Very Rev. Father O'Callaghan. THE EXABIINATION. After the reading of the Bulls tho Bishops- elect 011 bonded knees took the usual oath of obedience, fidelity, and devotion to the Holy See, and the ex amination and interrogation on the various points of faith and morals followed. This is a vestige of the ancient custom according to which the conse crating bishop, before the consecration, examined the person elected to the episcopacy. The Bishops elect were interrogated separately and they gave their assent to the various orthodox articles and doctrines by repeating c ' Orodo ' (I believe) and ' Volo ' (I will) to the questions with reference to the teaching of the Scriptures and tho observance in their new office of the rules and practices of the Church. Among other obligations, the Bishops elect daring this examination solemnly promised to ' observe themselves and teach others to ob serve chastity and sobriety ; to continue bonds men in the affairs of God, estranged from earthly affairs and base lustre as far as human frailty would permit them; to preserve humility and patience in themselves and teach the like to others ; and for the sake of God's name to be affable and merciful to tho poor, to tho stranger, and to all in need.' THE HIGH MASS. The High Mass was then commenced and at the prescribed periods the various ceremonies inci dental to the Consecration were performed, the Bishops-elect having in the meanwhile been robed in white Mass vestments of the costliest descrip tion. The Mass music had been selected and arranged by Mr. J. A. Delany for the oc casion, and the elements of solemnity and joyful brilliancy were admirably blended — — exactly suiting the twofold character of the function which was being holily performed on the sanctuary. Under Mr. Delany's baton the choir sang the Kyrie, Gloria, and Credo from Mozart's No. 2 ; Sanctus and Benedictus from Weber, in G ; Agnus Dei, from Van Bree, No. 2, with Luzzi'a ' Ave Verum,' sung by Madame Merz, as the offertory solo. The principals were — Madame Merz, soprano ; Miss Stafford, con tralto ; Mr. P. J. Barrett, tenor ; Mr. O'Hallaran and Mr, D. Clancy, bass. Mr. T. P. Banks oc cupied his accustomed post at the organ. Rom berg's splendid ' Te Deum' and the thrilling ' Ecce Sacerdos' wore also sung by the choir. THE ANOINTING. After the singing of the Litany of the Saints and the beautiful hymn, ' Veni Creator Spiritus' (Come Holy Ghost, Creator, Come) by the priests and choir, the anointing took place, the consecra tor in each case using the words, ' Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by heavenly benediction. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The Bishops-elect again knelt, each with joined hands, before the consecrator, who, first crossing the hands in the form of a cross, and then anointing the entire palms, said : ' Be these hands anointed with sacred oil and the chrism of sanctification ; as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophet, so bo they anointed and consecrated, in the name of God the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghoat, bearing on them the likeness of the Holy Cross ot our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ.' This twofold unction expresses the grace of the Holy Ghost, which is more abundantly imparted to the bishop than to the x^-'iest. Only the bauds of the newly-ordained priest are anointed. A BEAUTIFUL PBAYEJ4. After the anointing of the head the Consecrator offered a beautiful and affecting prayer for each of the Bishops consecrated : — -c May tho constancy of faith, the purity of divine love, and the sincerity of peace abound in him. Let his speech and preaching be, not in the persuasive words of human wisdom, but in the showing ot tho Spirit and. power. Give to him, O Lord, the keys of the kingdom of heaven, that he may employ, without estentation, the power which Thou dost impart, for edification, and not for destruction. Whatsoever he shall bind on earth, be it bound also in heaven ; and whatsoever he shall loosen, on earth, be it loosened also in heaven. Whosoever shall curse him, be himself accursed ; and whosoyer shall bless him, bo himself re plenished with benedictions. May he be tho faith ful and. wise servant. May he be in w^tchf uluess diligent, in spirit fervent ; may he detest pride s may ho love humility and truth, and be nevor led;. by praises or fear, to abandon them. May he never put light for darknes3, nor darkness for light 3 may lie never call evil _ good.* nor good evil 3 may ho be, to the wise and! to the unwise, a debtor, that from fibs profit of all 3i« may gather fruit. Promote Mm, O Lord, to the Episcopal chair, to rule thy Churchy a'm! the flock committed to him. Be Thou trato him authority : be Thou his power, be Thou his strength. Multiply ixpon him Thy benedictions and grace : that by Thy gift he may be worthy to obtain mercy through his prayers : and be, by Thy grace, devoted to Thy love.' TKU 0ROZIER, RING, AND HITIiE. The presentation in the old form of the Church to the newly-consccr.ited Bishops of the symbols or iheir episcopal office and the Book of Gospels was very impressive. Handing the staff or crozier after blessing ri, the Consecrator said : ' Seceive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice thou inayest employ severity with kindness^ and exercise judgment without anger; and that in cherishing virtue thou mayest aoothe the minds of thy hearers, without neglecting in thy peace ftilness the severity of reproof.' Pnttingthc jewelled ring on the finger: ' Receive tMs ring, the pledge of affiance, that being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest. guard with honour incorrupt tho spouse of God, His holy Church.' Placing the mitre on the head : ' We place, O Lord, on the head of this Thy prelate and combatant, the helmet of defence and salvation, that, having his forehead adorned and his head guarded by the power of both Testa ments, he may appear terrible to the adversaries of the truth, and stand forward as a valiant champion against them, through the abundant grace bestowed on him by Thee, who didst adorn the countenance of Thy servant Moses, made beauteous in a colloquy with Thee, with the most brilliant rays of thy brightness and truth j and who didst command a diadem to be placed on the head of Aaron, Thy High Priest ; through Christ our Lord.' Presenting the Book of Gospels : ' Receive the Gospel, and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee : for God is powerful to augment His grace to theo.' After this the Consecrator and the assistant Bishops gave the kiss of peace ; for a bishop after his consecration is regarded as o brother. From the most ancient times the bishops, follow ing the example of the apostles, have greeted each other as brethren. THE BENEDICTIONS OP THE NEW BISnOPS. The fraternal ' kiss of peace ' having been ex~ changed between the new Bishops and the offici ating prelates, the Consecrator, turning towards the altar, intoned the 'Te Deum,' or hymn of thanksgiving, during the singing of which by the choir the two new Bishops, gorgeously apparelled in vestments of the Mass, glittering mitre on head, shining chain about the neck, and golden crook in hand, were led through the Ca thedral, tho Bishops bestowing their blessing to the kneeling congregation as they passed along. Conducted tack to the sanctuary by the Assistant Bishops, who had accompanied them into tho body of the Cathedral, the new prelates after a few short prayers each in turn ascended the High Altar, and for the first time pronounced the solemn episcopal benediction. Attired in their full pontificals the new Bishops presented a very dignified appearance, and the scene, as first Dr. Doyle and then Dr. Hutchinson gave the Benediction, with the prelates and priests grouped picturesquely at cither 3ido, was strikingly effective and impressive. Finally, the Consecrator having returned to his seat, tho Bi shops just consecrated made three genuflections beforo him, at each genuflection saying: 'Ad mullos annos '—' For many years.' In thus wishing the Consecrator a ' long life,' the new prelate desires to express his gratitute for the episcopal consecration received at his hands. The Consecrator and the assistant Bishops again gave the new Bishops the kiss of peace, after which the last Gospel was said, and the solemnly beautiful and poetically suggest/ve rito which had been watched and followed with the closest, most reverent, and most sustained interest by the great congregation, came to an end. Father Ryan's Discourse. The Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J., president o£ St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, and formerly of St. Ignatius' College, Sydney, had the honour of being the preacher, and the very rev. gentleman discharged the task which had been entrusted to him with conspicuous ability, the discourse itself being a very scholarly and powerful one, and the delivery forcibly eloquent and highly effective. Taking as his text a quotation from the Acts— ' Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God,' the preacher gave a clear, logical, and comprehensive exposition of the characteristics and tost points of the true bishop of Christ's Church, contrasting the different doc trines entertained by Catholics and Protestants respectively with regard to the apostolic succes sion and the powers, duties, and responsibilities of the episcopal office generally ; claiming for tho grand old Church the sole possession of the dis tinguishing marks of divine origin and divine order, as manifested in the apostolic constitution of her hierarchy -ind the supernatural preserva tion of her vitality. THE MATCIILESiJ UNITY AND ORGANIZATION. According to the teaching of St. Thomas (said the preacher), the principal characteristic of the works of God is order. Now, the most perfect of all the works of God is His Holy Church. And so we find an admirable order prevailing in that Church. Though she is spread throughout the wo'id, though she embraces within her ample fold people of every nation, of every clime, of every tribe, of every tongue — people differing in almost everything save tho. unity of faith and discipline — yet all combine to form one body, one kingdom, one fold — bho yoople subject to their priests, the priest;-; to their bishop?, and all — ? people, priests ami bishops — subject to the successor of St. Peter, tho Vicar. of Christ, the visible head of the Church. I need scarcely toll you, brethren, that outside the Catholic Church we look in vain for anything like this order The other communities that have separated from her have scarcely the semblance of it. They cannot help seeing in the aueient; Church that wonderful order which puzzles the philosophers of this world. They cannot help admiring it, but, not possessing it themselves, they contend that ifc not' of Divine origiu., but 'felic *' Work of human policy.' THE PROTESTAN1? VIEW 'O*1 THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. They contend that our Lord instituted His Church on purely democratic principles, that all its members are equal, that thore is no Bxviuely constituto-i 'hierarchy. They maintain that the power oE government, as far as they acknowledge any so.«h power, resides in the general body, whose, right it is to select some from among them -selves — not, indeed, to rule or govern, but simply to expound the Word of God and ? to perform other functions as long as it may please these ?who- appointed them. But, brethren, wo have only to open the New Testament almost at any page in order to be convinced that the direct op posite is the fact — in order to be convinced that -.. our Lord did not wish Hia Church to be a mere multitude without any special form of govern ment, but that Ho constituted His Church a perfect society, and that He Himself appointed in His Church a special body whose duty it is, in His name and by His authority, to teach, to rule, and to govern, the rest of His followers. Acting on the Divine commission, the Apostles went forth in the name of Christ and as His special ambassadors, and not only exercised the authority committed to them, but also ordained others to exteud and perpetuate their ministry. THE APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION* The preacher, ^-.ving described the divine origin of the oiiice :o£ bishop and traced the line of apostolic succession, proceeded : — . And all ecclesiastical history, from the earliest ?ijimes bears witness that. the apostolic succession ?of bishops has been continued in an unbroken line down to our own day. In fact., it is well known that the fathers of the early Church regard, this aposbolic succession as a. special mark of the true Church, and in their controversies ?tfith the heretics of their time challenged them 'to prove their apostolic succession. ' Let them,' ? says Tertullian. ' show forth the origin of their churches; let them unfold the line of their bishops $ let them prove that their first bishop ?was either an apostle or an apostolic man, who, ihowever, persevered in union with the apostles/' *' All who wish to see the truth,' says St. Ireneus, 'can trace the apostolic succession m every -church throughout the world. We can count up,' h.e continues, ' those who we£c ordained bishops by the apostles and their successors down to our own time.' We have, then, in the bishops of the Church, the successors of the apostles ; and in the solemn ceremony at which we have assisted here to-day, the plenitude of the priesthood of Christ Sias been conferred by the consecrating Cardinal Archbishop as truly and as validly as it was con ferred by St. Peter on Clement at Eome, by St. John on Polycarp at Smyrna, by St. Paul on Timothy at Ephesus, or on Titus at Crete, or on any other of those prelates of whom he said that the Holy Ghost hath placed them bishops te- rule the Church of God. THE POPE'S AUTHOR**?. After defining the special powers and functions of a bishop the preacher proceeded:— With regard to the bishop's diocese, the Pope alone can desig nate its limits and appoint a bishop thereto, and without this appointment the bishop cannot validly exercise any episcopal jurisdiction. Once, however, he is appointed he is not the mere vicar of the Pope. He must, indeed, according to the solemn oath he takes at his consecration, be ever in union with the Supreme Pontiff ; but whether his jurisdiction comes to him directly from God or directly from, the Pope— a very vexed question among theologians— certain it is that once he has acquired that jurisdiction he governs his diocese in his r/Wn name and by Divine authority. ^EPISCOPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. The bishop is the chief pastor of his diocese, and as such is the source of diocesan authority, legis lative, judicial, and executive. He has to rule his flock with mildness and firmness, and is answerable to God for the souls of all committed to his care. He has to make laws for the guidance '? -of his priests and people. He is their judge ill all ecclesiastical matters. He has to enforce the observance of the canons or the Church and the statutes of the diocese. He has to correct abuses, to punish offenders, and to ward off from the flock thoso who cotoe in the garb of sheep, but ?who arc inwardly 'ravening wolves. In virtue of the apostolic commission of teaching ho is the chief preacher in his diocese, and no priest can preach without his permission. He must provide especially for the religious education of the little ones of the fold. And where the civil power ?either entirely or partially osroludes the influence of the Churchy from the schools, it becomes the duty of the bishop to endeavour by every means in his power to establish schools where secular training is not opposed to the principles of faith, finally, he is wedded to his diocese by the most sacred bonds, which the Pope alone can sever 5 and if needs be, he in bound like his Divine Master, the good shepherd, the model of all pastors, to Jay down his life in defence of his flock. I do not deny that at times great abuses have arisen and grave scandals have occurred. I do not deny that there was a Judas among the twelve, that there was an Arms at Alexandria, a Nestorius at Constantinople, a Donatus in Numidia, and a Cranmer at Canterbury. But take them all in all, during the long history of the Church, and say whether there has ever been another body of men who, for exalted virtue, for devotedness to duty, ror untiring zeal in promoting the general interests of mankind, can be compared with the bishops oi the Church of Christ. MITRED HEROES. ' To recount the names of those prelates that were ?eminent for every virtue in a lveroic degree would be to call the roll of the moct illustrious saints on the calendar of the Church of God. Their zeal m the onerous duties of tending the flocks com mitted 00 their care is » matter of history and of every day experience -which extorts admiration even iroin then- wry enemies. Nor have thev been less conspicuous in. exposing themselves to danger -to bamshment, to Togs of earthly goods, to im prisonment, aye, tb ank God, even to death itself \--when the defence of their flocks required it. SlSinT* the ™*-ero£ those who are Sin 1 6 Wlendar under the double title ft f'atty!? It is a well-known fact 