nmilanger Iu Exile. 'General Boulanger, like 'BanquoV ghost, will not ' down,' especially at tho bid ding of the opportunists,' ' writes a oorrespon dont of the Boston Advertiser from Clermont. ' Tho Chambers having adjourned until the autumn, there can be no ministerial crisis, at leaBt for tho next two or three months, and consequently ' the Boulanger question ' will remain unsolved for a long time to come. But whon the present Cabinet does, fall, as it must sooner or later in the very nature of things, then this irrepressible General is sure to be onco more tho applo of discord in tho French Robublican camp and a sourco of disquietude to nil Europe. And then Wfll bo witnessed again the confusion and bitterness and dan gers that characterised publib life in this country during tho month of May last. 'Henco it is thai everything relating to this coming man ii of peculiar interest, and henco it is that I rundown from the metro polis to spend a day in tho capital of Auvcrgno tho headquarters of tho Thirteenth Army Corps, in order to study tho ' people's idol ' in his new surroundings. 'Clermont offors the usual slovenly ap pearance of a provincial French tovrn ; dirty white walls, surmounted by tiles and chimney-potB on glaring red houses, ugly and uncomfortable, never homes, pooplo slow stupid, and sadly in need of soap, and streets whioh twist and squirm about like u nest of snakes. 'I shook off thoso gloomy thoughts and turned my stops toward the militnry lioad quarters. Before I could come into tho great presence, I wns: obliged to .pass numerous stolid sentries, littlo sallow-faced mon in blue coats and ugly, ill-fitting .trptfsof s, who stared at me blankly and looked as if, thoy were Worth just about tho Balary thoy rocoiva — ono cent per day. Then I was stoppod by a group of officers, fine-looking,, soldierly men, who wore a most brilliant' und tasteful uniform, and finally I found myself in charge' of an. aide-de- camp, who rojeived my card, and, after presenting it, returned, and bowing politely, said : ' The General will receivo you, sir.' It was with no littlo embarraBsraont that I now found mysolf standing betoro tho man, who, for all wo know, is destined ore long to lead tho armies of Franco on to victories yet. undreamed of. I. had seen General Boulanger boforo at various state receptions in Paris, but on suoh ooooaions ho had always appeared in full military uniform and had 'seemed to be on exhibition. Now I was, as it were, standing behind tho scenes where I oonld study this remarkable man in an overyday light. 'There ho is without his ribbons and stars, and without either sword or spur, no rnagnifioonco, no posing, ho whoso namo is sounding now in stirring songs through overy part of Franco, tho peoplo's idol, tho man of all Europo most talked of, read of, loved, hated, and ridiculed— General Boulangor; thoro ho sits in citizen's dress, working quiotly at a tublo littered ovor with papers in an unpretentious ollico. Ho wore a light, buff- colored suit, vory stylishly made, which showod off to perfection his fino figuie uud splendid proportions. Though not bill, he has the build of an athlete, and, whilo thu liucs of Iiis bodyuro ousy and graceful, yet they kIiow that muscles of steol Ho beneath. Be) has brown hair, uhon'ing hardly a traco or gray, in spite of his fifty years, and brushed sharply back from tho forehead, tho part being near tho middle, which arrangement, as well as tho eyeglasses worn whilo ho reads gives him a scholarly sir. On. the whole, ho impresses you as ono who would kcop cool under all circumstances, as a man who is calmly biding his time, sure of him-' self and sure of a (jreat store of reserve power held back for tho hour of need. This look of quiet strength almost forces you to beliove in him. 'After an interview wo proceed to tho lovoly littlo garden in tho back, where, in spito of tbo rain, I succeeded in getting a fairly good viow of Boulanger's ' Clermont house. Tho house is like tho man, simple and unprctectious, a plain square building, some pretty vines and flower-beds hero ond therein tho well- cut grass, somo treos and shrubbery, that is all. There is no show, no luxury, nothing to draw a second glance, and yet from day to day, from hour to hour, tho wires groan with the message* flashed to Paris, to Berlin, to St. Petersburg, to London, telling what is going on within thoso four white walls.' 