-? Press Ghosts. Thus writes a Press chum: " Poor Leigh! Dear ' Bobby,' I was extremely sorry to read of his suicide. I knew him well. His father was a barrister-at-law in the Old Country, and Leigh himself was a grand fellow in many respects -he had one failing! Shall I mention it ? Yes j ( he liked his liquor. For all that, Leigh was a genuine fellow at heart, a sterling pressman. Ah, at the mention of pressmen, what visions rise ! Poor Little, a great companion of Leigh's, also did away with himself. Poor Mellefont, Leigh's best friend, has also gone to occupy a 'frame' on the HEAVENLY BECORD ! Yes, FIGARO, I knew Leigh well. I might say his Press education was received under the able tuition of that grand writer, in his own peculiar style, Archibald Meston, while the latter gentleman was in command of the old Ipswich Observer. And Leigh had talentB and ability that few pressmen possessed. He was original, and could get through 'copy' at the rate of a steam engine! Another vision rises ! Poor old Wisker I And yet another! Dr. Carr-Boyd! More or less, I was associated with them all, and each of their several peculiarities , would fill volumes! If any mischief was on the board, Leigh was foremost; but the only thing that got over Leigh one time in Brisbane was, the fact of Sir Arthur Palmer refusing him a pass to visit St. Helena because one of the Observer's reporters shook a bottle of Sir Arthur's brandy, during a volunteer * sliivvoo' down at Lytton. * Ah,' said Leigh, f to think that I'd shake a bottle of {brandy!' And Leigh was not even present when the brandy was missed. I was, though, Bobby. In short, I trans ferred the liquor, but Sir Arthur's wrath was un pardonable. We played a joke on the ex- Governor. Many little sprees, in which Leigh was the moving spirit, crowd to memory; but the most enjoyable one-to Leigh and Little-was the night 'Tom' Barker carried an erratic reader chap down the stairs in the Edward-street Obsetver office to the water-tap, and sluiced his headpieoe. And, then, for Leigh-such an immensely good-humored fellow, one ready for any sport-well, for Leigh to go and take his own life! Ah, it is sad, sad! Poor Leigh! His good actions shine in the memory, at least, of one-the scribe who penned these lines I" Mothers with sickly, fretful, nursing children, will cure the [ child and benefit themselves by taking American Hop Bitters 1 daaly. 