CONSECRATION CEREMONY AT. ST. MARY'S. ADDITIONS TO ' THE ' COLONIAL , R. C. HIERARCHY. Shortly after the intelligence was received from Rome of the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Doyle, ot Lismore, to the newly-established see of Grafton, and the conferring of episcopal dignity upon Monsignor Hutchinson, Vicar, Apostolic of Cooktown, Queensland, arrangements were made so that the two consecrations might take place at the one time in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, yesterday being the date fixed on for the ceremonial.* The event, possessing as it did a peculiar interest for the Roman Catholic body, and being invested as it was with a special importance on account of its almost unique character, naturally attracted more than ordinary attention, and of the intensity of the interest taken in the double ceremony the crowded Btato of St. Mary's yesterday morning, not Avithstnnding tho henvy rain which fell all tho morning, nfforded striking proof. Tho long and elaborate rite of consecration, according to the Roman Ritual, began at 10 o'clock, with a procession from the sacristy to the sanctnarj-, eight Roman Catholic prelates, exclusive" of the bishops elect, and somo 30 clergymen, including representatives of all the religious orders"in Australia, walking in the pic- turesque pageant. The masters of ceremonies (the Very. Xtov Dr. O'Haran and tho Rev. P. V. Dwyer) having conducted the dismitaries and priests to thoir places accord- ing to rank, the Cnrdinnl Archbishop occupying the archi- épiscopal throne, the vesting prior to the consecration took place. In nddition to Cardinal Moran and the two bishops-elect the following prelates occupied places in the sanctuary : The Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop ot Adelaide, S. A.; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn; the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland; the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst; the Right Rev. Dr. Raimondi, Bishop of Hongkong, China ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia. The clerics present were-the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, Vicar-General of the diocese of Sydney; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G. ; the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney ; tho Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, rector of St. John's College ; the Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, CM., Superior of the Vincen tiuns; the Very Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F., Suporior of the Franciscans; the Very Rev. Fr. Couloignier, S.M., Supeiior of the Mtirists ; the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J., president of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne; the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran; the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, of Armidale ; the Very Rev. Dean M'Cnrthy; the Very Rev. Joseph Coleman, O.S.A., Prior of the Âugustiniaus, Echuca, Victoria; the Very Rev. Edmund Vaughan, C.S.S.R., Superior of theRedc-mp torists ; the Very Rev. D. A. Mitchell, O.S.F.C., diocese of Armidale; the Very ReV. P. Le Rennetol, S.M.; Rev. T. Long, Rev. S. Cummins, S.M. ; Rev. M. Glosheen, Row M. Murlav, S.M. ; Rev. P. RAWI, Rev. W. Keatinir, Rov. W. Coffey; Rev. Paul Chio, China; Rev. T. O'Reilly', Rev. M. Mooney, O.S.A., Echuca, Victoria; Rev. D. Doyle, Lismore; Rev. J. J. Byrne, Rev. E. O'Connor; Rev. P. T. Corcoran, Morpeth ; RoV. P. V., Dwyer, WestMaitland; Rev. C. M. G. Van Der Hoy- den, Chiltern, Victoria : Rev. J. H. Doyle, Macleay River; Rev. Gerald Doyle, Ballarat, Victoria ; Rev. M. Campion, diocese of Bathurst; Rev. T. Barlow. Cardinal Moran officiated as consccrator and celebrant of the, High Mass, "with five attendant ministers, namely, Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, assistant priest ; Very Revs. Dean McCarthy and M. O'Callaghan, deacons of the throne ; and the Revs. J. J. Jîyrno and E. O. Connor, deacon- and sub-deacon respec- tively of the mass. Tho Right Rev. Dr. Murray and the Right Rov. Dr. Torreggiani were tho assistant bishops of the consecration, and while these prelates were attended by the Rev. P. T. Corcoran and Very Rev. Denn O'Connor, the two bishops-elect had as their chaplains tho Very Rev. Prior Coleman and the Rev. D. Doyle, Prior Coleman assisting the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson, and Father Doyle the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle. The Papal bull authorising the consecration having been read, by the Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, the customary examination of the bishops-elect was proceeded with. The Cardinal, as consecrator, asked a number of questions (the , bishops being interrogated separately) as follow: Consecrator.-Wilt thou, both by words and example, teach the flock, for which thou art ordained, those things which thou understandest from the Holy Scriptures V A. I will. Consecrator.-Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the Orthodox Fathers, and the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See 'Í A. I will. Consecrator.-Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle, to whom by God was given the power of binding and loosening, and to his Vicar Loo XIII., and to bis successors, the Bishops of Rome, fidelity, subj'ection, »ad obedience, according to the ini unctions of the canons ? A. I will. Consectator.-"Will thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost »f thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness V A. I will. Consecrator.-Will thou, with God's assistance, observe thvself, and teach others to observe, chastitv and sobriety ? A.' I will. Consecrator.-Wilt thou for ever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and I base lucre as far as human frailty permits thee ? A. I will. Consecrator : Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others Y A. I will. Consecrator : Wilt thou, for the sake of God's holy name, be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to »li in need ? A. I will. An interrogation on points of faith and morality followed, to each of the questions the bishops-elect answering " 1 be- lieve." The consecration was immediately preceded by the einging of the "Litany of the Saints," and the hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus" (Coiné Holy Ghost,' Creator, Como), Anointing the head of tho bishop-elect, the Avords used were-" Be thy head anointed and consecrated, in the order of High Priest, hy henvenly benediction. In the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" and anointing the hands-" Be these hands anointed with sacred oil, and the chrism of Biinctificntion, as Samuel anointed David, to be King und Prophet, so bo they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God the Father, und of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the like- ness of the holy ciosa of our ¡saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death, and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven." The blessing and presentation in turn ot the episcopal ring, the pastoral staff, and the mitre were performed with much solemnity; and, when arrayed in their full pontificals, the newly-consecrated prelates were conducted through the cathedral, giving their blessing right und left to the people, the scene was a very impressivo one. Returning to the sanctuary, the Te Deum na\\-ing been sung, the new pre- lates gave the "kiss of peace," and the ceremonies ended with the episcopal benediction, pronounced by each of the * new bishops from the steps ot tiwi high altar. The Rev. JOHN RYAN, S.J., President of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, then preached the consecration sermon, . as follows :-" Take heed to yourselves and to the whole nock, Avherem the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of "God " (.Acts, 20th chapter, 28th verso). According to the teaching of St. Thomas (said the preucher), the principal characteristic of the works of God is order. Order, it has beon truly said, is heaven's first law ; and tho apostle tells us that '"' Whatever things are, aro ordained of God." Qttee aunt, a l)eo ordinals stott. ^V"e see this admirable order prevailing everywhere in the creation around us. AVo see it in tho leaf of the tree, in tho flower of the field, in the tiny insect, in the vast machine of the universe. Now the most perfect ot all the works of God is His Holy Church. All his other works wore created bv a merejlat. " Ho spoko the word and they wero made; lie commanded and they were creuted." Bub the Church is a work that was fashioned by the right hand of the Most High-a work which cost the eternal Son of God years of labour, of solicitude, of suffering-a work for the perfec- tion of which Ho hesitated not to humble Himself even unto the death of the cross. " Christ loved His church," says the Apostle nnd delivered Himself for it, that He might sanctify it, that Ho might present it,to Himself a glorious church, not haviug any spot or wrinkle" And so wo find an admirable oidor prevailing' in that Church. Though she is spread throughout the world, though she embraces within her ample told peoples of every nation, of every clime, ot every tribe, of ovory tongue- peoples differing in almost every thing savo unity of faith and unity ot disciplino-yet all combine to form onobody, one kingdom, one fold-tho people subject to thoir priests, the priests to thoir bishops, and ull-peoplo, priosts, and bishops -subject to the succebsor of St. Peter, the Vicar of Christ, tho visible head of the Church. 1 need scarcely tell you brethren, that outside the Catholic Church wo look in vain for anything like this order. The other communities that have separated trotn her haye scarcely tho bemblance of it. Thoy cannot help seeing in tho ancient Church thut wonderful older which puzzles the philosophers of this world. They cannot help aelmiring it ; but, not possessing it themselves, the}- contend that it is not of diviue origin, but the "work of human policy." Thoy contend that our Lord instituted His Church on purely democratic principles that all its members are equal ; that thoie is no divinely constituted hierarchy. They maintain that the power of government, as far as they acknowledge any buch power, resides in the general body, whoso right it is to hclect some from among themselves not indeed to rule or govern -but simply to expound the word ot God and to perform other functions as_ long as it may pieuse those who appointed them. But', brethien, wo" huvo only to open the New Testament almost at tiny pago in order to be conA-inced that tho direct opposite is the tact-in order to be convinced that our Loid did not wish His Church to bo a mero similitude without any special form of government, but that He constituted His Church a perfect society, and that Ho Himself appointed in HÍB Church a special body, whoso duty it is, in His namo, and by His authority, to teach to rule, and govern the rest of His followers. In tho first place, wo find the Church over, and ovor again is Bnoken of as a kingdom. " Of His kingdom," said the Antrol Gabriel to our Lady, when announcing tho mystery "the Incarnation, "of His kingdom there shall be no end-" and our Lord Himself, in his parables, repeatedly refers to His Church as a kingdom, "lho Kingdom of Heaven is.likened to a grain of mustard seed." «The P- _j-T «* Kpnveù is likened to a treasure hidden in a Srid^ The Kingdom of Heaven is likened to a merchant b ^crffnodnearlB''and so forth. Now,what isthee.sential ÄTÄtnfl» it not that ofa society of men in ., °* _ i"'n-i"m ? I« it not mat oi u »uuieey ue men in th cb some rÄd some aïe ruled, in which'the people wmen someT'°, "" ____«?«. and all subject to ono "o subject Jo »«^^'Itpa;! not only compare, the Supreme Head? ^in^»t.r saya expressly that the i argues from analogy that, as in the human body, there is a .diversity of members, each having its special functions, | and all subordinate to ono head ; so too it must bein the mystic body of Christ. And God indeed bath set some in the Church-first apostles, secondly prophets, thirdly doc- tors-that henceforth we may be no moro children tossed to and fro and carried about by every wind of doctrine. More- over, not only does he command the faithful to obey their prelates, and to be subject to them, but he says expressly ?that it is by Divine Authority the bishops rule the Church of God. " Take heed to yoursolvos and to the wholo flock wherein tho Holy Ghost hath placed you bishop? to rulo the Church of God." And turning to the Gospel narrative, we find that this is precisely the constitution Our Lord gave His Church. St. Luko toils us that from among tho sovonty-two disciples- ' whom all the sacred commentators regard "as representatives of the priesthood of the Church-He chose twelve whom Ho named apostles, and. to whom Ho gave very special powers. Ho gave thom power to bind nnd to loose nil things on earth, and promised them that the exercise of that power would bo ratified in heaven. "Whatsoever you shall bind upon earth shall be bound also in heaven ; nnd whatsoever you shall looso upon earth shall bo loosed also in honven." Ho sent them forth with the self-snme authority which He had received from His eternal Eather, and commands all at their peril to hear and oboy them. "All 'power is given to me in heaven and on earth. . .. . As tho Fathpr bath sent Me, 1 also send yon. Go ye, therefore,' and teaoh all nations. ... He that henreth you hoareth Mo ; ho that despiseth you despiseth Me." And in order to encourago thom in the exerciso of their duty, and to prove to the world that theso powers wero not personal to the apostles, but wero to continue in their repre- sentatives, He promises that He would send thom the Holy Ghost to tench thom all things, mid to nbide with them for ever, and thut He himself would bo with them all days, oven _ until the consummation of the world. Acting on this Divine commission, the Apostles went torth in the nntne of Christ and ns His special ambassadors, and not only exercised the authority committed to them, but also ordained others to extend ana perpetuate their ministry. St. Paul nnd St. Bnrnabas appointed prelates to govern the various churches founded by them, and to theso same pro ltitcs the Apostle addressed tho words :-" Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock wherein (he Holy Ghost bath placed your bishops to rulo tho Church of God." Ho does not say whom he or Barnabas had placed, or whom the people had elected, but whom tho Holy Ghost had placed as bishops for the government of the Church ot God. Moreover, he ordained Timothy Bishop of Ephesus and Titus Bishop of Crete, and addressed to them, for their guidnnco m the government of thoso churches, those beautiful epistlfes which have ever since been regarded as the rule and mirror of episcopal conduct. St. John, the beloved disciple, in discharco of his apostolic mission, consocruted bishops for the churches of Asia; and St. Peter, tho hoad of tho apostolic college, fulfilled the same duty with regard to the ohurohes of the West. And all ecclesiastical biston,-, from the earliest times bears wit- ness that this apostolic succession of bishops has been con tinned in nn unbroken line down to our own day. In fact, it is well known that the fathers of tho early Church regard this apostolic succession as a special mark of tho truo Church, and in their controversies with the heretics of their time challenged thom to prove their apostolic succession. " Let them," says Tertullian, "show iorth the origin of their churches; "lot them unfold the line of their bishops ; let them prove that their first bishop was either an apostlo or an apostolic man, who, however, persevered in union with the apostles." "All who wish to see the truth," says St. Irenous, " can trace tho apostolic succession in every church throughout tho world. We can count up," ho continues, " thoso who were ordained bishops hy the apostles nnd their successors down to our own time." Wo have, then, in the bishops of tho Church, the successors of the apostles ; and in the solemn ceremony at which we have assisted here to-day, the plenitude of the priesthood of Christ has been conferred by the consecrating Cardinal Archbishop as truly and as vnlidly ns it was conferred by St. Peter on Glemont nt Romo, by St. John on PolycnrD at Smyrna, by St. Paul on Timothy at Ephesus, or on Titus nt Crete, or on any othor of thoso prelates of whom ho said that the Holy Ghost bath placed them bishops to rule the Churcli of God. To realise tho . full significance of this solemn ceremony we must remember that the episcopal consecration, according to the teaching of St. Thomas, like all other snored orders, imprints a character, it confers a power, it imposes an obligation. ? It imprints a character which shall never be effaced, and which raises the recipient above all earthly dignities nnd makes him a prince of the Kingdom of God. It confers a two- fold power-poicstas ordinis and potestas jurisdietionis tho power of order, and the power of jurisdiction. The potestas ordutis is a power in comparison with which all the powers of earth fade into insignificance ; a power of which it is not easy to speak without seeming to use the language of exaggeration; and yet it is a power which human language fails to express, human thought fails to comprehend. Not only has the Bishop the essence of sacerdotal power over the real body of Christ in the blessed ouoharist-tho power, uainely, of continuing in the name of Christ, or, to speak more correctly, in the person of Christ, the solf-same sneriflce which He consummated on Calvary. Kot only has the Bishop this stupenduous power in its essence, but he has it also in its completeness and perfection. The "simple priest has indeed the essence of sacerdotal power, but ho cannot communicate that power to another. But the Church of God comes, and by raising the priest lo tho dignity of bishop, completes and porfects the sacerdotal order in him, extends his power and authority. Ho then reçoives tho tremendous power, of being able, by tho impo- sition of his hands and by the breath of his consecration, to perpetuate the ministry of Jesus Christ by the ordination of priests and the consecration of bishops-the powet to imprint upon the soul of his fellow-man the eternal character of priesthood, to confer on him the power of for- giving sins, and of commanding the eternal Son of God to come down from heaven and to hide Himself beneath tho sacramental veils on our altars. Oh, startling power, to use the words of St. Augustine, 4* at which the heavens are astonished, hell is in terror, tho,devils tremble, and the high angels bow down in lowly reverence!" But besides this awful power, the bishop has many other special ones. Ho has the power, as the apostles of old, to call down the Holy Ghost from heaven on the faithful, and to perfect the Christian character by the indelible mark of confirmation. He alono can consécrate the holy oils and sacred chrism so much used in the administration of the sacraments. ? He alone can consecrate the altar whereon the immaculate Lamb is daily offered up for the sins of mankind. Ho alone can consecrate the church wherein dwelleth the Holy of Holies. By the potestas jurisdietionis the bishop acquires autho- rity over the mystic body of Christ, which is His Holy Church. The simple priests succeed to the 72 disciples, and as such they have power over the real body of Christ in the Blessed Eucharist ; but they can exercise no power over the mystic body, except what is delegated to thom by the bishops. \V boreas the bishops, as n body, succeed to the college of the apostles, and as such, in union with the Pope, they constitute tho hierarchy of the Chinch. They take their" place in the general councils of the Church to bear testimony to the unity ot faith, to assist the Supreme Pontiff in the government of the Church, and to issue in union with Him authentic aud infallible decrees regurding the deposit of Revelation. With regard to the bishop's diocese, the Pope alone can designate its limits and appoint u bishop thereto, and with- out this appointment the bishop cannot validly exercise any episcopal jurisdiction. Once, however, he is appointed he is not the moro vicar of the Popo. Ho must, indeed, according to the solemn oath he takes at his consecration, bo ever in union with the BUpreine Pontiff; but whether his jurisdiction comes to bim directly from God or directly from the Pope-a very vexed question among theologians certain it is that once "he has aequhed that jurisdiction ho governs his dioceso in his own name and by Divine autho- rity. The bishop is the chief pastor of his diocese, ana as such is tho source of diocesan authority, legislative, judicial, and executive. He his to rulo his flock with mildnoss and firmness, arid is answerable to God for the souls of all com- mitted to his caro. Ho has to mako laws for the guidance of his priests and people. He is their judge in all ecclesias- tical matters. Ho has to enforce the observance of tho canons of the Church and the statutes of the diocese. He has to correct abuses, to punish offenders, nnd to ward off from the flock those who como in the garb of sheep, but who aro inwardly ravening wolves. In virtue of the apostolic commission of teaching ho is the chief preacher in his diocese, and no priest can preach without his per- mission. Ho must próvido cspeoially for tho religious education of tho little ones of the fold. And where the civil power either entirely or partially excludes the influonco of the Church from the schools, it becomes the duty of the bishop to endeavour by. every means in his power to estab- lish schools where secular teaching is not opposed to the principles of faith. Finally, he is wedded to his dioceso by the most sacred " bonds, which the Pope alone can sever ; and if needs be, he is bound like his Divine Muster, the good shepherd, the modol of all pastors, to lay down his life in defenco of his flock. Such then is the Catholic bishop, the successor of tho apostles, tho representative of Christ; such his dignity, such his power, and such his duty. And, thanks be to God, and to the abiding influence . of the Holy Ghost, the bishops of the Church have, ns a body, over proved themselves worthy of their exalted'dignity; thoy havo over been faithful to their sucred trust. Let mo not bo misunderstood. I om-not going to indulge in sentiment. I do not deny that there have boen bishops who wero unworthy of their sacred office and unfaithful to their sacred trust-pastors on whom the Lord himself, by the mouth of tho prophot, pronounced a terrible woe: '. Woe to the shepherds of Israel that fed themselves . . . . you drank the milk, and you clothod yourselves with the wool, and vou killed that which was fat; but My flock vou did not feed. Behold, I Myself will como upon the shepherds, and I will require My flock at their hands." I do not deny that at times great ubtises have arisen and grave scandals have occurred. I do not deuy that there was n Judas among the twelve, that there was an Arius at Alexandria, a Nestorius at Constanti- nople, a Donotus in Numidia, and a Cranmor at Canterbury. But take them all in all, during the long history of the Church, and say whether there has ever been another body of mon who, for exalted virtue, for devotcd noss to duty, for untiring zeal in promoting the general interests of mankind, can be compared with the bishops of the Church of Christ. To recount tho names of thoso pre- lates that were eminent for every virtue in a heroic degree, would be to call the roll of the most illustrious saints on the calendar of the Church of God. Thnir zeal in the onerous duties of tending the flocks committed to their caro is a matter of history aud of overy-duy experience which extorts admiration even from their very enemies. Nor have thoy been less conspicuous in exposine themselves to dancer, to banishment, to loss of earthly goods, to imprisonment, aye, thank God, even to death itself, when the defence of their flocks required it. Who can count the number of those who are honoured in the calendar under the double title of bishop and martyr? It is a well- known fact that for 300 years tho bishops of Rome-trom Peter to Syl- vester- almost without an exception, sealed their faith with their blood. And as it- was at Rome, so was it throughout the world. Tho first and most violent fury of the storm of persecution has ever fallen upon tho Bishop-" Strike the shepherd and the sheep shall bo scattered" has at all times been the motto of tho persecutors of tho Church. But all the rage of tyrants could not daunt thoir courage, all the tortures of the executioners could not render them unfaithful to thoir sacred trust. " Know you not," said Modestas, the Roman Prefect, endeavouring to intimidate St. Basil, " Know you not that my power extends to con- fiscation of goods, to banishment, to torturo, and to dcath'r" The reply ot tho intrepid bishop-which muy bo taken as nn index of the spirit that animated the prelates of the ancient Church-deserves to be written in letters of gold. " If," said the saint, "you can threaten mo with anything moro terrible, do so ; for none of tho things you mention givo mo tho least uneasiness. AVhere the cause of God and religion is at stake, we, bishops, overlook everything, and regard God alone. Your firo, daggers, wild beasts, and burn- ing pincera, in this cause, aro our choice and our delight. Yon may threaten, you may torment, but vou cannot over- come us.-' Nor was it only for the spiritual interests of their people that the bishops exerted their zeal. Every- thing that tonded to the social advancement and happiness of mankind found in the Catholic bishop a promoter, a patron, a guardian. Is it not a matter ot history that the exertions of tho Catholic Bishops, collectively und indi- vidually-, gradually prepared tho way for the abolition of slavery r And does not every schoolboy know that the great palladium of English liberty-the great basis of the English Constitution-the Magna Charta, was wrested from tho hands of a tyrant by Stephen Langton, the Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury ? Speaking of tho_ influence of Catholic bibhops on European civilization, the celebrated Protestant historian, Guizot, after a careful survey of facts, has made this candid ad- mission, that the kingdoms of Europe and their civilisation were mainly the work of Catholic bishops. With regurd to the advancement ot learning, it seems almost superfluous to say that Catholic bishops were always among its foremost patrons and benefactors. And yet it is not only said, but often taken for granted, by a certain class of writers and speakors, that Catholic bishops are afraid of learning and science, and that they are, on principle, opposed to intellec- tual pursuits. Read mauy of the leading j'ournals of the present time, and see whether this is not tho impression they endeavour to convey. But do these writors forget, or do they wilfully ignoro'the fact, that before the Reforma- tion there were* no less than 60 universities in Europe, each attended by thousands of students-and that every one of these 66 universities owes its existence, not merely in part, but in u great measure to tho iufluenco and munificence of Catholic bishops ? Do thoy forget that evon within tho small territory of the States of the Church, where episcopal influence vv us naturally para mount,-thore were no less than six flourishing universities ? To say nothing of tho other great seats of learning that flourished before the Reformation, do they forget that Oxford owes not only its oxistenco but its grentnesB to Catholic bishops ? That of tbo 19 colleges of which it consists 14 were founded before tno Reformation, and that of these 14 every one was either founded or richly endowed by Catholio bishops ? That Magdalen College, " one of the noblest structures of tho learned world," waa founded by William Putten, Bishop of Winchester ? and that Christ Church College, the most famous of them all, was founded by the princely munificence of Wolsey ? "Those famous schools survey through Europe wide,. Flora Albion's plain, where Cam and Isis glide; And name but one iiom Scythia to the west, lly priests unfounded or by priests unburst." It is true, indeed, that they are opposed, and ever will bo opposed, to that system of education which does not recognise God, and which tends, directly or indirectly, to sup the foundations ot religion and inorality. Arid neither threats nor Blnndor, nor calumny, nor persecution will over move the hierarchy of the Church to adopt, to accept, or to approve a system of education which they be liovo to bo dangerous to* the spiritual and etornal interests of those committed to their care. But true education education which recognises the spiritual nature of ninn, and his duties and obligations in tho supernatural as well as in the natural order-education which trains the intellect without neglecting the will und the affections-will ever lind, as it ever has found, its warmest advocates, and its stauchest supporters, in those whose first duty is to teach the nations.( In addressing an Austi alian audience it is quite unneces- sary to refer to the virtues and labours of those whom tho Holy Ghost has placed amongst us to rule the Church of God in these distant shores. Bibhops in these colonies aro brought into closer intercourse with their flocks than bishops in other lands ; and all know what manner of men thoy aro. In journoying often, in perilB of waters, in perils in *the Avildeiness, "in labour and painfulneBs, in much watchings, beside those thiugs which are without, their daily instance, the solicitude for all the Churches. Who suffers and thoy do not suffer? Who is scandalised and they are not on fire ? The example of their lives is for all who know them a burning and a" shining light ; and havo they not, by their firmness and constancy, already given proof that, where the causo of God and tho interests of their flocks aro at stake, neither calumny, nor slander, nor mis- representations, nor threats, nor the wily machina- tions of statesmen, nor unj'ust laws,' will ever make * them swervo fiom their sacred duty, or render them unfaithful to their sacred trust? The solemn ceremony we havo witnessed here to-day is a souroe of consolation to every true child of the Church of God. It is consoling to us to see here one of the many proofs of the vitality of that Church. Nineteen hundred vears have well nigh passed awtiy since she first commenced her mission to the nations. During that time the world has seen many changes. Empires, and kingdoms, and dynasties that seemed destined to last for ever are forgotten. The old civilisation has given place to the new-with its new customs, its new institutions, its new forms of thought, its new religions. Bui the Church of Christ-tho only exist- ing institution that links these two great ages of civilization together remains, and lemainsnot in the decrepitude of old age, not ','a mere antique." but, according to the admission of her enemies as fresh, as vigorous, as young as she was on the first Pentecost 19 centuries ago. We see her still sending forth to the very ends of the earth her missionaries, zealous as those that landed in Kent with St. Augustine, or on the shores of Ireland with St. Patrick. We see her founding new dioceses and orecting new heirarchies in lands tho very existence of which a few generations hack was unknown to tho civilised world. It is consoling to UB to see the ranks of tho Australian Episco- pate strengthened to-day by tho accession of two worthy priests taken from the Australian priesthood-one of them in every respeot the worthy son ot the great Augustine (whoso feast by a happy coincidence falls on to-day)-of that great saint, who is, at the same time, the glory and model of the Episcopate, tho great light, the great father, the great pillar of the Western Church. The othcrt a zealous, prudent, hardworking, learned, exemplary, de- voted missionary, beloved of all that knew him, both priests and people. Both of them children of that race on whom the apostolic spirit of St. Potriek teems to have rested-of that race that has never ceased to send forth her missionary sons to east and to west, to north and to south-of that race, the names of whose missionary priests and bishops (as an eloquent living writer" says) are found in- scribed on the mountains of Switzerland, ou the plains of Italy, on tho cities of the North. To conclude, I would say to tho nowly-conseerared prelates Take, then, Most Rev. . Fnthors, your high commission which to-dav has boen conferred upon you by the Holy Ghost, of Whom you aro this moment filled. Go forth as ambassadors of Christ, as high priests of His Church, to teach, to guide, to rule those flocks committed to your caro by His Vicar on earth. Fear not tho onerous burden that is placed upon you, a burden formidable even to nngelio shoulders. You havo the sacramental grace of your office to strengthen you ; you have a loving and a zealous priest- hood to second your efforts and to shute your labours; you have the abiding influence of the Holy Ghost to enlighten, to guide, to console you ; you havo, abovo all, the Prince and Chief of Pastors to strengthen and sustain you. Hold then the form of sound Avords, guard the sacred deposit of Faith which has been committed to you, rulo with mildness and fairness, labouras good soldiers of Christ Jesus, fight tho good fight, " Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein tho Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Churoh of God;" so that when the term of vour labours is at an end, when you shall have to resign your staff of office into other hands, you may merit to re- ceive from the Prince and Chief of Pastors an incorruptible crown of glory. I The choir, under Mr. J. A. Delany's direction, during the consecration Bervice, which lasted from 10 o'clock till I nearly 2, sang the " Ecco Snccrdos MagnuB" (Behold tho Great Priest), Romberg's " Te Deum," and the following mass music :-Kyrie, Gloria, and Credo from Mozart's No. 2 ; Sanctus and Benedictas from Weber, in G ; Agnus Dei, from VanBree, No. 2,withLuzzi's"Avo Verum," sungby Madame Merz, as the otfortorv solo. The principals wore -Madame Morz, soprano ; Miss Stafford, contralto; Mr. P. J. Barrett, tenor ; Mr. O'Halloran and Mr. D. Clancy, bass. Mr. T. P. Banks occupied his accustomed post at the organ, and the full power of the instrument was brought out in tho splendid rendering of Delany's _ " Triduum March" (originally composed for the opening of St. Mary's), which ended tho proceedings of the day. The handsome insignia worn by the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle and the Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson were, wo are in- formed, presonted by the Roman Catholio peoplo -with whom these ecclesiastics had beon intimately associated before being raised to the episcopacy, the gifts in each case consisting of a Pastoral staff, a gold pectoral cross and chain, and a jewelled episcopal ring. Dr. Hutchinsons insignia was manufactured at the establish- ment of E. J. Hollingdale and Son, King-street, the oro/ier. an elegant article ¡u design and execution, being of highly polished ebony and richly gilt metal ; the pectoral cross, of 18-carat gold, artistically wrought, and orna- mented with a profusion of chasing, and the chain, weigh- ing1 ó}oz., of 18-carat gold-a very massive one. We understand that Dr. Doyle's insignia, which is also of » rich and costly description, waB manufactuted by Priora Brothers, of this city. DR. DE Joxon's LionT-nnowx COD-LIVKB OIL FOB DEBILITY. -J. J. Pope, Esq., late staff-surgeon, Army, writes :-" The value of 'bvdro-caibons' in all debilitated «tutes of the system is now becoming thoroughly recognised." The oil of Dr. De Jongh places in everyone's reach a reliable and valuable remedy. Sold only in capsuled bottles by all druggists. Agent» at Sydney, Elliott llios.-[AnvT.l ' ' ' llotiuitoii CAÏAUHH corrects offensive odours at once. Com- I pletcctireof the worst chronle cases: also unequalled us gai gie for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath.-[Anvr.J ' 