TALK 0' TUB TOWN. Rich Sly Slanzr.ulo. with Us polienou IMII, Kilos tutho I'rlntor! Dj?ll.— HunauE SMtrn. It'jJ nut d pleasant sight seeing nil old mm, with such nu tuibiumished record us Sir Houry F-trkus poaso3os, flirting nnd coquetting in hi seventy- third or seventy-fourth year. That's tho sort of tiling which make ao many twk if civilisation is a dream, or that much npostrophied Caucnusian anything moro than a tloublo-barrolluil fraud, Now, it's only tlio other day that our dear old Premior, with his hoary locks flowing patrinrohly, if rathor roughly, wns touching under the chin Miss Froo Trade and calling her n " duck of di.nuunda " and "aiinugol of light," nnd thoso other pretty nainos which more youthful lovors havo uver on the tips of their tonguos. Sir Honry mnde no secret of his proforunco aud -Admiration for tho young lndy He sounded hor prniaos wherever ho went, and conversely hu abused Miss Protection, ns n nasty forward good-for-nothin g minx, who ought to bo nshntned o herself for daring to ahow her face in decent company. Her character was of tho liglitest, and no man who valuud his reputation would cure to bo seen speaking to hor. But Sir Honry's subsequent conduct almost mako mi) think hu is u gay deceiver, and that hu doesn't care about Miss Free Trade half u much aa he protends, nor dislike Miss Protection anything like ho made believe lost February. At least, the other night at the Parliamentary Drawing, room, he turned his back oil tlio angel of light, and flirted inoBt outrageously with the othor girl. Ho mudo her several presents, indeed, amongst which were doors and window shuttora, nnizena, koroscno oil, hams, cheeso, bacon, and butter. If ho loved Miss Froo Trade to distraction mid lutod Miss Protection evur ho much, ho has, it musbbocoucoded,aquuunvuy ofshowiugit. NVIiy Lyne, Abbott, Cf.irvnn, aud thoso chartered Don Giovannis who have buun alighting Mis Fruu Trade so pointedly during the past twulvu mouths and naviuu such obreuuious court to Miss Protection, could not have actod more friendly. I'm adly afraid that Sir Henry's gray hair are not the crown of a virtuous life— that, like Major Pendunuis, he is " a sly, devilish sly, old dog " And then thuru's Mr. Burns. Tint hoy who swatu the Hellespont to havu a chat with his lady-loro was not uiinmoured of her more than tho Treasurer of Mis Free Trade. His hroakim' off with hor and miking up to Mis Protection— what next I Of course, nobody fuels surprised at Tom Garrett. Uo lias always had a rag on every bush, and we nil knew that Mussr. Clurko, Sutherland, and Abigail had a soft corner iu thuir hearts for the uirl that was so flouted at thu elections bv their chief. Wo wore also aware that Mr. Willie McMillan, who was MLa Free Trade's guardi in was a rather canny North of Irelander, who would not mind a slight to hi ward so long a his calicues wcro uot effected. Wu wure not sur prised that hi protest on her behalf was of the make-believe milk and water character But tho defection of Sir Henry and Mr. Burns. Thuir allowing the <( angel of light " to play tho wnll-flowur at the Parliamentary ball on Wednesday night, while they daucod with tho ubaudon of men with thoir hearts in tho perfor mance dance after dance with the 'creature of darkuoss1 isunougii tomakemustof usbeliovo thut following tho grunt game of politics ia sufficiently demoralising to force Diogoues to blow out his lump in despair aud bring down the normal man to the abnormal level of a book agent, n soft- goods drummer, or a life nasurance bummer. Tho now Post Oflico is n very lino building. I saw it fur the first time since it was completed on Saturday last, and the combination of magnificence and meanness rather took me aback. Tho offices are lilted throughout with beautifully polished cedar. Thuro aro'sploudid counters, shining iu all tho glory of varnish. Thoro arc armies ot neat pigeon holes, hut iu thu midst of all this, meanness shows up like the ghost at thu Egyptian banquets to remind us that it is in accordance with the traditions of the Colonial Architect's department 14 to spoil the ship for the ha'porth of tar." liiHide thuro is no receiving bin or haskut to receive letters posted, and uutsido tho eld boxes onu h u to climb up to reach the slits into which to insert letter or uowspipjrs, have moro of the buck-block about thum than is refreshing to the loitheto. Then tho logends " couutry letters," u newspapers," and "town letters," printed rather shakily on dirty slips of paper are ill keeping witli tho rickotty boxes, but scarcely uniform with polished cedar, tosselatud pave ment, burnished vune, and missive doors. However, I suppose wu must give thu Govern meat time. It will not do to hurry it along. It took ton your to design mid build the office, aud why should it not tako another ton year to fix evcrvthinir uo duceutlv I Back-block races nro conducted in a liuo Area and easy style. The correspondent of the Bourke papor tells that a successful mooting was rucontlv brought off id Mutignuyah, and thus does ho discourdu nn tho humours of the occasion " Uhanipnguo and bnttlod boor could be had <ul lift nil day, and at the settling up it was fouud that tho right sort had won. The ' forties" had n high old old time of it, 14 tiz" and bottled boor could bo had at thuir camps nil next day, also a slice of ham and a bit of cheeso if wanted. Those little items wero passed through the windows of the pub, at tho settling tiino, so the " forties" could very well afford to bo generous. Aftor it was all ovor it was found tho local "pub" had lost a few trilliug articles such as bbmkots, tabloclothos, bridles, stirrup leathers, towels, &c.; ; but this sort of thing always happens ut a bush pub raco mooting. All things considered, things 44 went off" remarkably well, aud ovcrybody Heomod satisfied, especially the wumors, who seomuu to have precious good opinions of themselves aud thoir horses, nnd who vould havo had u shot for tho Melbourno Oup if it could havo boon pulled off a .Mungunyah while tho 44 uz wns going. Tlio cook got bo surprised at tho way the 41 grub" vanished that hu has not yot recovered. M "Alexander's Feast," nor that equally noble ouu celebrated ns 14 O'Rourku's," was nothing cuiupared to tho Mungunyah fun. There ought to huve boon a local Dryden to have supplied tho odo. Thu pastoral loaseos nnd tho conditional leaseholders nro catching it below tho bolt just now. Tho Ministor for Lands is striking somo rather foul blows at thorn, aud so hot lias hu mado tho rontals in tho'majority of instances that tho houorablo gentleman's namo is in about tho same repute up horo as firo and sword Wullonstion's used to bo in Gormany. Sovoral follows intend to throw up their runs and go into tho land agonoy and member of Parliamont business. They aver it will bo much moro lucrative than growing wool, when you havo to pay from la Gd to 2s a your for a sheep's grass. No doubt leaseholders havo ovory ro isou to complain of tho Alinistor's not on, which is opposed, not only to common sonse, but fair play, Tho runs aro examined by tho Minister's sorvant ; ho valuos thom bofors tho Court ; tho rents aro rooommondod by tho Minister's oinployJs, sitting on tho Land Board Bunch. Tho loasuu has no vojco in tlio business, and yot tho Ministor, sitting in his luxurious oflico in Sydnoy, with no moro know- | iodgo of stock-raisin' than is to bo gained from watching Richard Hill's milch-cow grazing in tho Domain, overrides tho conclusions of his oxam- inor, who lias gono over the land, and of his Board, which has hoard ovldonoo, pro and con. It is tho casa of tho Marquis of Olanricardo ovor again. Ha lias not beon iu Ireland for 20 yoars. Vet, ho toils his agent— from his snug chambers iu thu " Albany" — that ho knows bettor what rout liia mtsornblo touuutry can pay. Tho con- sequonco is thu resignation of tho agont, tho adoption of tho "Plan of Campaign" on tho estate, and a Tory Govornmont ondoavour- ing by a dosperato Cooroion Act to dragoon starved tenants iuto paying impossible rents. But how long wiil tho pooplo of Now South Wales stand Mr. Garrett in thu role of blood- suukiug Clanricardu I Tho lato show was a success, and lot mo con- gratulato tho managoment upon tho results of thuir labour. I don't think, howovor, I can say much for tho support accorded by tho towns people. Now, no association we havo doos moro to attract pooplo hero, aud put monoy in business folks' pocket ; yet I am sure tlio spooial prises offered oil behalf of tho town did not total up £10. This is not as it ought to bo. Porhaps puoplo only waufc asking. If so, I think tho Coinmittoo when preparing noxt year's sohodulo should give ovoryone an opportunity of baing libor.il. How nico tbu prizadist would look with a " Storekeepers' Oliallongo Oup of £50, or a 44 Hotcl-koopors' Plato ot' £o0," &o.;, &c.; Thoro's no doubt, somo pooplo, whon before tho Land Board, display a great ignorance. On Tuesday, for instauco, a conditional leaseholder, was getting a fair rent fixed. Ho, of course, did not oxagurato tlio value of his country, In fact, according to hitn it wos no groat shakos, though it was next to a lo&so;, which was said to bo very valuable 44 Do you," said tho chair man insinuatingly, 14 know anything about the adjoining country 1" 44 No," stolidly but imiocontiy remarked tho lossoo, 44 I know nothing about it /" 44 I'm sorey for that," said the chairman blandly. 44 If you did you would hardly think so littlo of your own country. Uont 3U. Wo think tho survoyor and tho hssoo havo considerably underrated tho valuo of the property." That's ao, but supposo tho Ministor carries ou tho joke aud sajs 14 rental Gd. I think thu Board has considerably under rated the proporty." Between tho 3oard, which is just, and the Minister who ia unjust, thu selector 44 who know nothing " has a happy VIIUU VI III. WILL HONEYCOMB. 