* LLANIGERA." CHAPTER L BR CABBAWAH. "Mother, tell me about your old home and the time when you were young, like me. You've often and often promised you would, and now I am almost a woman, and only know a few things about 'The Oaks,' yet I know fall well how dearly you treasure the memories of your childhood's home, for I have seen a soft look come over your face when some chance word has brought back to your recollection the place where, as you say, you were so happy long ago. The speaker was my fair-haired Annie, now juBt budding into womanhood, tall and slight, as most of our Anglo -Australian girls are, and lacking, as they all do, the rosy cheeks of their English cousinB; still, biddiDg fair to be a fine-looking woman, for she is well made, if slender, and in her nicely-poised head, and little hands and feet, shows blood, albeit an almost tropical son has somewhat tanned her otherwise delicate skin. Since her birth, Charlie and I have lived on " Llanigera," a station in the north-west, where for seven months of the twelve the heat is very great, and for five out of that number almost too much for white women. MoBt summers see us away in the cooler south, during the worst part of that time, but this will le the second year that we have passed at home, owing to the heavy losses and expenses caused by continual drought having rather limited our income, like most station owners, my husband works largely on borrowed capital, and when the wages of from 30 to 40 extra men, to cut scrub for the sheep and draw water from wells for them, are added to a heavy rate of interest, it behoves the squatter's family to be careful in their personal outlay. Annie and her brother Geoigie, of ten, usually away at school in the cool mountains, are all left to us of four bairnies, and are, we think, so much the dearer because death has robbed us of the other two. Well, darling," I reply," perhaps some day I will tell you some stories of my old home-life; but now see! there's father coming, and as he has had no lunch I must go and get him a cup of tea and bit of cake before he dresses; and meanwhile you run out and see after dinner. I feel morally certain Jane will boil the rice to a mash, and serve the potatoes half raw, if yon do not." And away sped my girlie to the kitchen, detached from the "win building, though communicating with it by a covered-way; and I await my husband, who iB coming back from a long day out on the run, and whistling as he rides the flower song, " Le parlate d'amor," from " Faust," the first opera we heard after our wedding, and the air we had chosen for our own. When my husband is coming home, as sometimes happens, after dark, he will whistle a few bars of this melody, wait for me to continue it, when I, pausing, lkt6ta for him to go on, and then we both know that the being dearest of all to each of us is within hearing. Many a time has this time been borne to me on the breeze, like an angel's voice, when, after watching in vain for Charlie for hours, and fearing all kinds of horrible accidents, it has told me all was well with him. He siis well, and manages his big raking chestnut cleverly ; •nd though we are eighteen years mail] d I still feel proud to claim him mine. He is tall, good-looking, and fur—(whence our daughter takes her colour, stature, and beauty, for I am short and dark, and was never handsome, even in my youth, though our mother used to think me so, as mothers have a habit of doing 1 Perhaps some day I-shall be roughly awakened by hearing Annie called plain)-—and though his fifty years have sown some grey in his hair and whiskers, he can ride a buck-jumper or do a hard day's work in the yards with men half his age and show less fatigue. ml He dismounts, and after giving " Genea drink, hone-paddock puts him now in the is stable as dwttitnte to feed, of for the grass as a macadamised road, and it is necessary to feed all the horses used much, on chaff, When h6 comes in I see he looks jaded, but he greets me in the old cheery way, lading his worry all he can, though I know it must come ere long, for he and I have no thoughts hidden from each other. I ask no questions, but give Mm his cup of tea—the buBhman's favourite beverage — and wait for him to tell me his bad news, which he soon does. 'Wife/' he Bays,«' the tanks are nearly all empty, and if tain does not come in a week, there will be no water except in the wells. I have been half the day polling old, weak sheep ont of the tanks, where the mud is so gticky that the poor brutes cannot get out of it after taking a drink, and then the brutal crows come down in crowds and pick out their eyes. There were 60 of the old stud ewes bogged in one tank where there was no water, only thick black mud, and the neighbors' cattle had broken down the fence, put round on purpose to [avoid this catastrophe. Thomson (the overseer) is to put on men to-morrow to repair this and also to fence in the other dams." We have been waiting for rain for many months, and eveiy blade of grass is gone. All round the earth lies brown, bare, and parched, as if no green thing would again clothe its surface. Day after day the clouds roll up, the air grows heavy, thunder sounds in the distance, and all signs of rain being near are present, but just before sunset a lift is seen to the south-west, and before bedtime the clouds have all gone, and cruel stars Bmile out of a bine-black sky. Morning breaks red »nd hot and cloudless, and still the earth grows only drier, and wretched sheep and cattle only poorer. The creeks are all dty long ago, the wells sinking, and all hearts fail, for already the banks are beginning to put on the sorew, and no one knows which way to turn to mend matters. Charlie hopes on, and always says that by next change of moon we will have rain. say I hope we shall, for the difference between " will" and "shall" I never can make him understand—and what does it matter ? Charlie never frets or grumbles, though I know he feels very, very anxious, not for his own sake, but for mine and (hat of the children. Georgie's schooling is not now a serious matter, he being so young, but by- and-bye, when he makes choice of a profession, more money will be needed, and Annie should have finishing masters for music and singing ; for though, BO far, I have educated her entirely myself, and she is fairly'well on with most of her studies, ehe wants more than I can now do for hpr. She plays well for a girl taught at home in the bush, and as she lilts to herself, like a sweet wild bird, I can tell her voice is worth cultivating. Charlie finishes his tea and goes to his bath, while Annie and I also dress for din-, ner—for though living on a station and far from neighbours, we have never dropped inlo careless fashions; and as my girlie goes into the dining-room and re-arranges the troughs of flowers on the table, which Jane has put on as with a shovel, all in a heap, I can't help feeling that she is bonnie to look at: her cool white dress, with its rather short sleeves, showing the round young arms, and the 6oft lace round her neck relieved by a Bpray of fuschia, her silky golden hair quietly braided round the back of her head, make altogether a charming picture. Oh, you dear old mum!" she cries as I come into the room; " I forgot to take your flowers to your room; but here they are. Let me pin them in before dad comes." _ And so she does, giving me a bird-like kiss as a sort of finishing touch. While we are waiting for dinner the dogs bark loudly, a sound of wheels is heard, and Charlie's voice saying, "Oh, that's you, is it ? What brings you here!" and looking out I see him shaking hands heartily with young Dr. Corn well, from the nearest town, 40 miles away, where about a year before he had started in the practice of his profession. Annie and I go out and add our welcome^ for the young medico is a great favorite with us. Charlie helps him unyoke his horses, and then the man-servant (called a " rouseabout," who does all hinds of work) takes them to the trough for a drink, and then into the stable, and the factor, his greetings over, goes off to the bathroom—for in the bush we all look forward in summer quite as much to the cool bath after a day's journey in the heat and dust as to the lrimj welcome or refreshing meal that equally awaits us. In a very short time he cornea back fresh and bright, and we sit down to dinner before the red has quite gone but of the sky. All the doors and windows are open, to enable any coolness there may be to come in through the net-covered frames which fit into each opening as a bar to mosquitoes, flies, snakes, &c.; Our house is built of logs cut down the centre and placed horizontally, with the flat part inside, making very picturesque walls outside, and within bemg capable of much ornamentation, and forcing vory cool rooms. Ours are built all in a row, with windows or doors at each end, to give a thorough draught. A wide verandah runs all round the house, on which grapevines, rosep, honeysuckle, and passionfruit are trained, except at one end, which is left free for Annie's. pot-plants, which she loves, and tends with great care and skill, and from which she famishes flowers for the table and an occasional bouquet for as to wear. To garden much outside, on these burning plains, is out of the question, unleBs with an unlimited supply of water and labor. A few brave, patient things do hold on to life with a persistence worthy of a better cause, but the majority die every year, and though we regularly each summer vow we will sever try to make an outside garden again, we just as regularly re-plant the beds each winter. After dinner we all sit in the verandah for awhile, but the mosquitoes soon drive us under the shelter of our net doors, and then Charlie asks for a song or a tune; so my child takes her place at the piano She plays, sweetly and delicately, some of Chopin's lovely music, and then a few of the dear old " Lieder ohne Worte;" and afterwards Charlie will have me sing, and I do my best for him, though it makes me sad to feel how much I have lost of a voice that once was good; still, if my Annie have it, I shall not mind, for her soul seems full of music, and I shall sing again through her sweet throat. It is not so bad to grow old if one can see the mantle of one's youth caught by one's children, and worn mayhap in fairer style. My heart does ache for childless women, and though one dear friend of mine tells me she does not muurn for little ones <—that she and her husband fill each other's hearts—I am certain, when I see her tender, loving ways with other people's bairns, there is a big hole in her heart which should have been filled by her own child. Whit would my life, here away in the • bush, be without my girl 1 Dear as Charlie is to me, he could never be all she is— ever present, always gentle and thoughtful, even her little faults making her more to met Geoigie'a living so far away Is a source of great regret to me. He is a high-spirited boy, and I know will often need the firm yet loving rule of home; but the difficulty of educating a boy on a station is very great, there are so many things to disturb his studies, and boys will mix with the. men, from whom they learn much they are better without So we were obliged to send him'away, and the Bonnyfields High School is one of the :best in. the colony, so we hope we.are doing well, for the lad, and his home-coming twipe a year is a great delight to us all. It makes me sad to see for awhile after he goes to school his pony, " Rogue" come whinnying up to the slipmis, looking for the piece of bread with which he qsed to be coaxed and caught and "Jack," his pet colley- dog, too, asking all he knows how for the playfellow he loves so much. Bat mothers' hearts are made to ache now and then, and they stand it remarkably well! The evening slips plesantly by, and our early bedtime soon arrives. Annie and I retire first, leaving Charlie and the doctor to enjoy a smoke, lying in the hammocks that swing in the verandah. Next morning every one is astir by sunrise. I attend to the dairy, while Annie feeds a clamorous family of turkeys, fowls, and duoks, and then waters her plants, later on superintending the preparation of breakfast. The mail-bag, which is left during the night by the coach in a box nailed to a tree on the roadside, is. brought in by the manservant,' and the Sydney letters and papers eagerly sorted and read. There are letters for tui all, and one of mine is from my boy, asking, boy-like, a thousand questions, and winding up by a request for half-a-crown to pay bis subscription to the cricket club in the school, a " P.S." being added " to hope Jaok and Rogue are well, also you and dad and Nan." Charlie goes off with his budget to the office, while the doctor skims the papers and discusses the political situation in England with an interest we all share. Presently I go after Charlie to hear what sews he has, and see him sitting like a granite statue, looking straight before him. "My darling," I cry, "what is the matter ?" and he does not seem to hear me until I repeat my question, when he just hands me a letter. I see it is ftom the bank, and reading on, find that it places before us two alternatives—one being to reduce at once our overdraft for £5000, or to prepare for a foreclosure of the mortgage held by the bank over our run. "It's always the way" says Charlie. " When times are worse than u^ual, and it takes all a man knows to keep going, then the banks put on the screw." I ask what he means to do, and he says, lean only think of one way in which to raise money, and that is upon my lifepolicies. You know I am insured in two officers for £4000 each, and I make no doubt I can get enough upon them to temporarily stop the bank's mouth. I don't like doing this if .it could be avoided, for fear of accidents, and my dying to leave you and the youngsters unprovided for." But though we talk long and seriously upon the subject, we can Bee no other way, and finally Charlie made up hie mind to start that day for Sydney and see Jones, the pious manager of the bank. He sends word out to Thomson that he will be absent ten days or a fortnight, and I put a few clothes in a valise for him. Our breakfast is a sad one, for we hate to lose the father, even for a few days. Dr. Cornwell does all he can to cheer us, and succeeds in winning a laugh from Annie over some comical story. He is a good fellow, that same young doctor; a gentleman, and well educated, fond of his profession and of athletics, the " emergency man " in the Oxford eight of his year, and as good over the sticks as here and there one, being a really olever and plucky horseman. Charlie and he go to the stable together, and we women watch them start, each in different directions. A sort of inspiration comes to me as Annie's eyes follow the doctor's figure as he takes the turn off to the township—and it is like a cold stab; the child is suoh a child, and so dear to me, I can't bear the thought—that some day she may leave me for another's love and home; and yet there is a wilfulness in her regard, as the buggy disappears in the timber, that makes me thoughtful, though I determine to say nothing, for I may be wrong after all. And yet if she does take a fancy (poor word that, for the giving away of a woman's heart!) to the young doctor, we 6ould not reasonably object to her choice. We turn back to the empty house, and determine to work hard and make the time pass quickly. Annie goes to her practising, while I interview Jane re dinner, &c.; (a task I would gladly depute if I could), and then come inside to shut every door and window in order to keep the house cool. The day is hot already; a still glare is over everything, drying up still further the parched vegetation. The thermometer in the shade at 10 a.m. stands at 96°, and out on the plains I can see the mirage in all directions, looking like limitless lakes, so cool and fresh, in which beautiful green trees are mirrored with a distinctness incredible to those who have never seen it. Here and there, also, I can see columns of red dust rising from the bare plains, and travelling along in many and opposing ways, towering into the sky to such a height that one can hardly be sure whether the top be not lost in distance. (These whirlwinds are considered a sign of very dry weather approaching, and make me feel sad.) A few stately emus stalk along regardless of the heat, and under one of the few trees that stand in the plain are one or two kangaroos. It is a dreary, hopelesslooking scene, and I turn from the window in despair of its ev6r raining again. The day passes somehow, as even the longest and dreariest days do pass, and evening finds us, as usual after dinner, on the verandah, Annie in a hammock, myself in a canvas chair close by. The moon rises red aB blood over the mountains, showing ont every leaf and twig of the trees that intervene; the air as still as the grave, not a breath stirring, and the monotonous " hoot-hoot" of the " mope-hawk " or " fizz-whirr" of the opossums alone breaking the silence of the hot summer's night. Presently Annie says, " Mother, suppose you wile away the evenings of dad's absence by telling me some tales of your old home, some of the love-stories of yotir sisters, and above all, a ghost story or two, if you know any. Do be a nice mum now, and begin,' Once upon a time.'" "I don't feel much like telling love-tales, my pet, to-night, but perhaps I may manage to amuse you for an hour with a few reminiscences of my youthful days. You know all about the old house, The Oaks' as it was called, and how it had been built upon a spot where a hut in which evil deeds have been done in old times had stood, and how in spite of all your grandfathers ob- jections we children were told of the mysterious woman in grey who was seen now and then, and whose footsteps it was supposed were heard in "the halls before a death in the family." " Yes, yes, mother, I remember that; but was there not some tale of aunt Nellie's soldier love? I think you have said so more than once, and I should like to hear it first, for I loved aunt Nellie, and felt so. soriy when she went to England, taking Horace and Lily, my two little playmates." " Your aunt Nellie," I continue, " was the prettiest of the sisters, and of course was very much admired, and had many offers of marriage before she finally accepted old Sir Balph Disact, for her heart had been given when she was little more than a child to Harry Leslie, a bonnie, fair-haired soldier-boy, who as an ensign, proud of his new honors, had come out from Engl&nd; in one of the regiments of the line, Bnd been presented at' The Oaks.' He was a .joyous, loving lad, without an evil thought in his young true heart, and he fell at once in love with Nellie, who was scarcely out of short frocks, and not out of the school-room. They were happy as two young birds, life seemed so sweet. Harry studied French with Nellie, and helped, or was helped, with the themes they wrote, and grandpapa and grandmamma looked on, never heeding the little drama that waB being enacted under their eyes. At last came a day when their first parting had to be borne, and then we sisters knew dear Nellie's heart was given away. The regiment was ordered to New Zealand, and Harry had to leave the lady of his love. He spoke to grandpapa before saying good-bye, and asked leave to address Nellie in more definite language than he had hitherto used, but grandpa said a most emphatic ' No, not while you are a soldier, and liable to be sent off at an hour's notice to the other side of the world.' Harry replied that he had private means, and need not remain in the service after the present campaign, and that he would sell out as soon as possible and get some civil appointment if grandpapa would not forbid his asking Nellie if she would share his house. The old man yielded so far as to allow him to ask your aunt, but would not allow an engagement. But in spite of this, we sisters knew that with two locks of hair vows were, exchanged as binding as any formal betrothal could ever be, to the two young hearts. And it was with a sad face and heavy eyes that Nellie watched 'H.M.S. Myrmidon sail past our house, with the gallant 121bt on board, dipping her ensign till it? purple folds trailed in the water as she rounded the headland that hid her from our view. " Weeks and months passed by, letters from Harry and our many other friends in New Zealand arriving frequently, full of accounts of the courage and cunning of the Maoris, and of the blundering and supineness of the authorities. Nice letters, also, from Harry's father, old General Leslie, referring to his son's hope ot wedding our Nellie, and promising to add to the young couple's income when they should marry— for Harry was his only child. So all looked happy and smiling for the lovers. Alas! how little we know what a day may bring to us, either of sorrow or joy 1 " One evening, just before sunset, Nellie was dressing for dinner, putting flowers in her hair and gaily chatting with aunt Jessie, who was sitting by, just facing the door, and suddenly, as she afterwards described it, Nellie felt some one was looking at her, and turning round at the same instant that Jessie looked up, they both saw Harry in full regimentals, standing in the doorway, pointing to a bleeding wound in his left breast I Without a word Je&ie; rose and closed the door, each sister feeling the honor and shook of thesight, but ere she returned to her seat near the window Harry stooi outside it, still pointing to his wound, and then slowly disappeared. The girls, thunderstruck, looked at each other, without a word, and Nellie simply wrote in a white flower on the wallpaper the date, the hour, and Harry's name, and then the two left the room. They told the story to the rest of os, and of course we were laughed at by some of the family who did not believe in i; still, the writing on the wall remained, and in due course a letter came from one of Harry's brother- officers, telling us that the on the very evening when his wraith had appeared to his love he had been killed by a rifle bullet in the left breast, and that when picked up he just whispered, ' Nellie, Nellie,' and died." A choking sob from my Annie seemed a fitting end to this sad story. " Poor Aunt Nellie," she said. " No wonder she looks so sad and has t*^ a tender heart for others' sorrows." " Yes, my child," I said, "her'e is a heart that has been purified by fire, for she had an awful life with Sir fialph, who was a drunkard and roue, and after years of persistent ill-treatment of her finally turned her and her children out into the street one bitter night in winter, winding up soon after a terrible debauch by shooting himself —about tbe best thing he ever did. And now it grows late, little daughter, so we will go to bed." (To be continued.) 