LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard'a Weird," &o.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with tha author. All rights reserved,] CHAPTER XXIV.-(Continued). " I tell you, my dear fellow, everybody knew all about ifc except the gentleman most concerned," said one, " and whether he didn't know, or whether he was wil fully blind, is an open question. I don't like the man, and I should be willing to think anything bad of him, bub he's a good bred :un, anyhow, and I Buppose we ought to give him the benefit of the doubt." " He was never about with her," re turned the other man, "ahe went every where with her Bister, and we all know what the sister is." "A very charming woman," said liia friend, with a laugh, "and a very dangerouB one. She's about the cleverest woman out, I think, for without com promising herself very seriously ahe has contrived to make more out of her admirers than any woman in London. She must have bled Beeching to the tune of a small fortune, I fancy." " Oh, Beeching is fair game," said the other man. "Nobody minds Beeching. That kind of pigeon was made to be plucked ; besides Beeching is uncommonly careful. Nobody will ever do him any harm. He has the commercial intellect fully developed. You may depend he i keeps a closeaccount of his menus plaisirs, I hia grass widows, and such like, and I knows to a shilling what they cost him, and will never exceed the limits of strict prudence." Mr. Belfield's attention was fully awakened by this time. He had turned himself round in his shadowy corner, and was watching and listening with all his might. He knew one of the men, a mem ber of the Badminton and the Argus, ellghtly ; the other not at all. "The worst story againBt her is the story of the diamonds," said the man whom he did not know. " Ah, you were in India when it hap pened, and knew all about it, I suppose," replied the other. " It was a rather ugly story, I believe, but I never heard the details." " 1 was in Baddeley's regiment when she came to India with him," said the other. " She had not been married six months, and was about the loveliest woman I ever saw in my life. As hand some as Mrs. Belfield is now-that splen did Irish beauty, which is unsurpassable while it lasts; great grey eyes with black laBhes, a complexion of lilies and carna tions, form and color alike lovely and luxuriant, a woman who makes every cad in the street stop all agape to look at her. She startled us at our hill station, I can tell you, and the Baddeley madness raged there all that season like hydrophobia. One of our men, a poor little lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Brompton's son, took the disease very badly. What was sport for us was death to him. He fell madly in love with his major's wife, and hung about her and followed her about in a dis tracted, despairiog way that would have been laughable had it not verged upon the tragic." " Did she encourage him V' " Of course she did. He was a swell, and he had lots of money. She nick named him Baby, talked of him as ' a nice boy,' and before long he was known every where as Mrs. Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at him. We went to Calcutta later on, and there were balls and all sortB of high jinks going on, and Mrs. Baddeley was the belle of the place, and everybody, from,| the Governor-General downwards, was avowedly in love with her. Poor young Stroud hung on to her, and was savage with every man she spoke to. One night, at the Governor-General's ball, she came out in a blaze of diamonds. One of us chaffed the major about his wife's jewel lery ; but he took it as easily as possible. She had hired them from Facet, the great Calcutta jeweller, he told us. ' I suppose I shall have to pay pretty stiffly for the UBe of them, but if she likeB to cut a dash in borrowed plumes, I can't com plain. It'll be a deuced long time I'm afraid before she'll be able to show a diamond necklace of her own." The speaker stopped to light a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily drop ping out his sentences between puff's of tobacco. "Baddeley is a big, good-natured, self indulgent ass, but I don't know that he's anything more than that. We all laughed at his story of the hired diamonds, and Bix months afterwards when young Stroud broke for six-and-twenty thousand, most of it borrowed money from Calcutta Jews, we all knew that Mrs. Baddeley's dia monds counted foe something, and Mca. Baddeley's little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements. We were all very sorry for him. Brompton was said to be a martinet, and the young man went about Calcutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or two while he was trying to make terms with his creditors. Then one morning In barracks there was a great scare. Young Stroud had shot him self half an hour after morning parade. He had left two letters on hia table, one addressed to hi3 father, the other to Mrs. Baddeley." " How did the lady take it ?" "Isuppose she wa3 rather sorry. She never showed herself in Calcutta after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to see her every day, and the major told everyone that ahe was laid up with low fever, and that the climate was killing her. She went back to England a month or so after Stroud's death, and she carried the spoils of war with her and has worn them ever since." "And you think the younger sister is as bad?" said the other man thought fully. There was no malevolence in either of them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern society. "I don't know about that. I believe she has more heart than Mrs. Baddeley; and that she is over head and ears in love with St. Austell. They have been carry ing on all the season, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now." " My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowa days. Elopements are out of fashion. There 1b nothing further from the thoughts of a modern seducer than a menage. The days of postchalses and Italian villas are over. We love and we ride away. St. Austell 1b a man of the world, and a man of the time. Here we are, old chap. My trap is to meet us here." They took up their sticks, hats, and overcoats, and left the carriage before Valentine Belfield's brain had recovered from the shock of a sudden revelation. He Btarted to his feet as they went oat, called out to the man he knew, followed to the door just aB the porter slammed it, and the train moved on. He hatdly knew what he meant to do. Whether he would have called the slanderer to account, caned him, challenged him. He stood by the door of the swiftly-moving carriage, dazed, bewildered, recalling that Idle talk he had overheard from the darkness of hia corner yonder, wondering how much or how little truth there was in It all. About Mra. Baddeley, hia wife's sister ? Well, there might be some foundation for scandal there, perhaps. He had long known that ehe was a coquette, and a clever coquette, who knew how to lead her admirers on and how to keep them at bay. He knew that Beeching had minis tered pretty freely to the lady's caprices ; and he had always looked upon St. Austell aB the lady's favored admirer, and the man for whom she was in some danger of compromising herself. The Btory of young Stroud's futile passion for his major's wife, and of costly jewellery given at a time when Lord Brompton'a heir was already deeply in debt, was not altogether new to him. He had heard some vague hints in the past, but men had been shy of alluding to that old story in his presence. He had known that his sister-in-law had been talked about, but no man had ever dared to insinuate that she was any thing worse than a clever woman, and perfectly capable of taking care of her self. " I back Mrs. Baddeley and her poodle againBt Lucretia and her dagger," ha heard a stranger say one night in the club smoking-room; and it had seemed to his somewhat cynical temper that his wife could not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every knot and ravelled end in the "seamy side" of society. But St. Austell his wife's admirer! They two head over ears in love with each other! Never for one instant had such a possibility dawned upon him; and yet those two men had talked as if that mutual passion were an established fact, known to all the world, except to him, the deluded husband. Helen, his Helen ! The wife who had satiated him with sweetness, whose de votion had cloyed, whoBe fondness had been almost a burden. That she should play him false, that she Bhould care for any other man on earth! No, he could not be lieve it. Because two fools in a railway carriage chose to tell lies, was he to think that the woman who had counted the world well lost for love of him had turned trickster and traitress, and was carrying on with another man ? St. Austell, a notorious rake, a man who had the reputation of being fatal in his in fluence over women. The man had seemed safe enough so long as he had thought of him only as Mrs. Baddeley's lover, but with his suspicions newly aroused Valentine Belfield looked back at the history of the last few months and saw all things in a new light. He remembered how in all Mrs. Baddeley's festivitiesatHuilingham,Ranolagh, orSan down, water parties at Henley or Marlow, Sunday dinners at Richmond, at Green wich, St. Aisstell had always been one of the party. Beeching and St. Austell had always been at hand. "Whoever else was included, those two were inevitable. He had reckoned them both as Leonora's devotees; they were the pair which she drove in her car of triumph, like Venus's doves or Juno's peacocks. One possessed her heart and ruled her life ; the other was her purse-bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, he had yet been content that his wife should go everywhere under her sister's wing. The arrangement re lieved him of all trouble, and Helen seemed happy. People complimented him upon his wife's beauty, and ha ac cepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himself ; pleased to show the world how careless he could afford to be about a wife whom everybody adored, secure in his unbounded dominion over her, able to neglect her if he chose and yet to defy all rivalry. (To he continued.) 