HOW TO LIVE. It is a strange anomaly in human nature that, while those who under stand anything about it, are very careful in the diet of horses and other live stock, the majority of man kind, rich and poor, are so careless with regard to their own. Perhaps the abolition of slavery has something to do with it. Philosophers of the sneering school assert that under certain circumstances you can "buy' any man, but under none can you "sell" him, except from a jocular point of view; while a. horse, a pig. and especially a donkey- of the four legged order-is saleable at any time Of late, however, sensible men have begun to open their eyes to the fact that a judicious diet is as necessary to the health of a human being as ii is to that of a horse or cow. It is recognised in common-sense circles that gluttony is as much a dangerous vice as intoxication, and even the staunchest of our good livers would scarcely care to emulate the example of Vitellius or Heliogabalus. Recent authorities on the art of cookery have shown how one's daily food can be as piquante and palatable as possible, and yet be plain and healthy; while, at the same time, there are not wanting medical authorities who con tend that the best diet a man can adopt is that not only of plain food but of such as is best suited to the climate of the country one has to live in. Writing on this subject, "Dr. W. Curran, in London Healtlh, adopts is his text the following:--If you would retain your healthl and trans mit a good constitution to your children yon should restrict yourself to plain food well mixed and plenty of it." It is a text that many a medical man has dwelt upon and the old country practitioners of England-a race alas ! now dying out-were wont to assert that the worst complaint they had to con tend against was a Christmas dinner The condition of a child who has con. sumed an unknown quantity of brandied raisins at " snap-dragon" on Christmas Eve, and afterwards gone through a Christmas dinner, includ ing mince-pies, on Christmas Day, is apt to be a parlons one; and the dyspepsia that has followed upon a Lord Mayor's dinner must have drawn hard upon the stock of many a chemist's shop. It is, indeed, an indisputable fact that much of the gout and other unenviable diseases that are now floating about the world is due to the free and somewhat reck less character of the living in which our forefathers indulged. The "fair round" exterior in which Shake speare's Justice indulged was doubt less acquired by the absorption of many " capons ;" but only the ghost of that Justice himself could tell us at how much internal discomfort that expanse of exterior was acquired. But, to return to Dr. Curran. That gentleman asserts that a plain diet is the best of all others, and he quotes, in his proof thereof, the words of the celebrated Robert Jackson, who states emphatically that a course of high living increases animal irritability, and in doing so renders the stability of animal heat insecure, while a course of luxurious living has a similar operation on the mind. Speaking, especially as a military surgeon, Dr. Jackson goes on to say " Thatwhile bodilyexertion is desul tory and uncertain in the high-fed soldiers, the character of the mental action is capricious and unsteady; or, the mind, wrapped up in itself, is exclusively selfish, or indifferent to causes of national glory. Some of our best soldiers have been notoriously taken out of the humblest homes; nay! out, at times, of the lowliest hovels; but that the plain food on which they are fed conduces to this end is pretty certain. Equally clear is it that some of the greatest feats of' mijitary daring, as well as of military marching and mano-uvring, known to history, have been per formed by men-aye, and by women too; on occasion-who lived on potatoes and point at home, and whose beverage was the water from the neighboring brook or of the pass ing rill." The saying of Ruijeet Sing, the old lion of the Punjaub, that the proper way to treat British soldiers was to fill them with beef and then land. them on the fighting ground by elephants is familiar to all old Tndian officers. Shakespere said so even before his time. But. for marching purposes and general endurance the best authorities prefer the plainly fed man like the Sikh or Turk to the more pampered soldier who can't march without his dinner; Dr. Curran also quotes many interesting facts in connection wiih what may be called national. and climatic diets, but his general conclusion is that for the rising generation plain food' with not too much meat, and that food well- cooked, is the best food that can be selected. 