GORDON BALTERSTONE ; OR THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE. CHARTER XVI. RUINS IN EPPING FOREST. The orders that had come to the gypsies about their removal to the north, had also conveyed other instructions. The gypsy tribe, as our readers will gather, was something more than an ordinary one. The nature of their occupation was very different from that of the gypsy as it is generally understood. This group was bound together by the severest ties, and the penalty of death was awarded for any departure from the rules. They had been mixed up in many affairs for which they had received large sums of money, and were now expecting to realise sufficient funds so that they could revisit the sunny climes of Spain. From Rathway they expected to receive a very handsome amount, and felt when their work for him was concluded, England would see them no more. Guliffa, the chief, was absent, but the second in command had received his orders and instant obedience was being paid to them. There were, however, two matters to be attended to before they departed. The old nunnery had been long used by them as their head quarters, and the Elizabethan mansion had also been one of their favourite rendezvous. There were secrets connected with both places which the world must never know about. The situation of the nunnery rendered it a desirable place for residence, and, enquiries had been made about it time after time by wealthy gentlemen with a view of turning it into a country house. The fact that a very clear title could not be given militated much against it. This, however, would not have deterred some, and so means had to be adopted by the gypsies to absolutely disgust people with the place. This was done by trickery. With the assistance of one of their number, who had learnt many scientific wonders, and by the expenditure of a good sum of money, they were able to exhibit such horrors which effectually deterred anyone from coming near the place. Electric lights and bells, phosphorus with coloured fires, hidden music and ghastly figures had worked wonders, and not a rustic for miles round would dare to pass the place at dusk. To the other place, legends of foul murders and walking ghosts were attached and it bore a more evil reputation than the other. The orders received were that both places were to be destroyed - not one stone to be left on the other. Accordingly, on the night when they were to leave the forest forever, the few inhabitants of the neighborhood were alarmed by the reflection of a large fire in the air. Mustering as many as they could, they proceeded to the forest, but were only in time to see the roof of the mansion fall in, and long sheets of flame dart upwards to the sky. They could do nothing but look on, for the fire had complete mastery and before long nothing but a part of the walls remained standing. As soon as the fire was kindled, the gypsies started on their northern march, only two or three of them proceeding to the nunnery. Here for a time they were concealed amongst its secret recesses, depositing barrels of powder in different caverns, and packing up some articles which were not to be destroyed. When they had finished their work in the vaults they returned to the surface, and proceeded to saturate the floors and timbers with large quantities of inflammable oils and spirits - here and there placing packets of coloured fires. When this was done they brought into the principal hall a large pile of straw and dead bushes, and saturating them with oil, set fire to it and speedily retired. They had not travelled far when the flames burst out and lit up the country for miles around. The glare was so intense, and the nature of the flames so various that the people were attracted from all directions, on horseback and in kinds of vehicles. The flames were of the fiercest and of most brilliant colours. Then everything would be bathed in the lines of blood, and then a ghastly green glare would fall on all. Then a combination of coloured lights would appear, and volumes of intense smoke would shut out all for a moment. When the fire reached the vaults, the flames became more intense and the roaring of the flames and the cracking of the burning timber was terrific. Presently when the flames were at their height, and the excitement among the crowd of onlookers had become intense, the big bell in the tower that had hitherto resisted the attacks of the fire began to toll solemnly and a hush seemed to fall on the burning building. But only for a moment. Then with a roar and a crash as if a thousand pieces of artillery had been fired the whole building seemed to rise solidly from its foundation into the air and then burst into ten thousand fragments. For some moments the most brilliant of lights fell over the forest, and then intense darkness through which burning fragments of the building shot like shooting stars. At intervals other explosions followed, and in a very short time nothing was left of the once extensive buildings. Not a single wall was standing - there was not a trace of stairway, vault or hall \- all were jumbled together in a mass of rocky ruins in the vast hole dug out by the explosion. The two events were long the talk of the country side, but they could find no explanation for the mysterious explosions. The nearest explanation they could get to it, and the nearest approach to any clue, was that the gypsies must have had something to do with it as they had never been seen in the forest since. When the last explosion had taken place the gypsies, who had occasioned it jumped upon horses which were standing ready, and galloped after their companions who were an hour or two ahead of them on the road to Scotland. After a conversation with the old gypsy, Gordon resolved that they would all go with them to the north. Indeed he felt that while he was asked, his captors had the power to enforce their request. He could not, however, learn of their intentions. He was told he would eventually understand them. That there were wrongs to be righted and explanations to be made, that the rightful owner would get his own and the villain his deserts. That was all he could learn. And so they started, travelling mostly by daylight and encamping by night in the thickest of woods. Gordon saw little of Eleanor and less of Azalia, but he saw sufficient for him to know that the former was well cared for. There is no necessity to follow the gypsies in their journey, seeing that nothing happened that bears upon our story. Suffice it to say that at the time when the smugglers were breaking into the vault, and when Captain Balterstone with his relief party were drawing near, the gypsies had entered into one of the series of caves that led under the Gare. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * At the sound of the shot Captain Balterstone and the soldiers quickened their pace, but the way was rough and the night dark, and so they progressed slowly. Crossing the swamps was a tedious job even in the daylight, and almost impossible for less determined men. The passage was, however, passage was, however, completed at last, and they emerged upon dry rising ground. A short gallop soon brought them to the Gare. Here they dismounted from their horses, and leaving them in the charge of three of their number, the soldiers proceeded cautiously, sword in hand, towards the tower. Not a light was to be seen, not a sound heard. But the officers were not deceived. They had been accustomed to ambuscades in the campaigns they had gone through, and they were not to be deceived now. They crept up close to the tower, and still not a sound. They almost have imagined that the place was deserted. The Captain was frantic, for he began to believe that the smugglers had been successful in their efforts, and had either murdered or carried off his family. He felt even more assured of this as there were no traces of gypsies about. But, as we know, he was mistaken ; not only were the smugglers hard at work below at that moment, they were almost ready to fire the blast that should the blast that would give them admittance into the vault where Jenny and her friends were. Further, smugglers had been placed in the vicinity of the tower to prevent any succour arriving from that quarter. Just at the moment when the troopers were drawing near to the tower, a pistol in the hands of one of the troopers went off accidentally. This revealed to the watchers their approach. The smugglers, believing that an attack upon them had commenced, fired a volley and retreated within the tower. That volley laid three of the troopers low. Exasperated by this attack, and seeing their comrades fall, the soldiers rushed forward with loud huzzas, and in a very short time had put the few smugglers on guard to the sword. The sound of the conflict above reached the captives in the vault. The sounds were faint, but unmistakable. When the tower was cleared of the smugglers the victorious party looked around for those sought, but none of them were to be seen. They searched among the wreck and havoc for their dead bodies, but of course could not find them. They were perplexed. A party had been detailed to see if they were hidden anywhere amongst the old buildings, but they returned without success. The rescuers were completely baffled. What could have become of them ? In the noise that they themselves made, they did not hear the subdued sounds that were going on beneath their feet, nor did they know the great peril of their dearly loved friends. They had spied the hole in the ceiling through which the ladder had been drawn, but they did not think they were hidden there. They shouted, but there was no answering voice. The Captain himself called out the names ot his wife and daughter and Old Rab, but the only answer was an echo. They were fairly at their wits end. They believed that they must be somewhere about, but could not tell where. Then the Captain thought with satisfaction of his foresight in destroying the smuggler's vessel, for he knew that even if overcome they could not be far away, and as daylight approached their recapture, if alive, was certain. But, as we have said, the noise of the assault had been heard, and the besieged decided the action they needed to take. Old Rab, with Nannie, ascended through the secret passage to the upper room of the tower and peering down cautiously through the hole perceived they were friends, and that the Captain was amongst them. Calling out, they at once proceeded to lower the ladder, and in a few moments the Captain, followed by about twenty of the soldiers, were in the room, and proceeding down the passage to the vault below. Ere, however, they had reached the bottom step a violent explosion took place that seemed to shake the whole building. A moment's silence followed, and a cloud of gunpowder smoke came rolling up the stairway. The silence was followed by a cheer as the smugglers rushed into the vault, cutlasses in hand. At the moment of the explosion Marshall jumped in front ef Jenny, and rushed to confront whatever new danger was coming. Jenny seized her sword and pistol and sprang to his side, while Rab's wife valiantly lifted her bludgeon, the dangerous flash of her eye promising severe punishment to anyone within her reach. Even the old lady braced herself up, and levelled her pistol in the direction of the opening. The blast had done its work. About six feet of the wall had been blown down, and through the breach came the smuggler crew, leaping and yelling, maddened by the drink and the opposition they had experienced. At their head was the smuggler captain, and last of all, behind all was Rathway. Though lacking in courage he was not lacking in voice. He, too, had partaken freely of the liquor, and he valiantly urged on the assaulting party from behind. Marshall met the smuggler captain face to face, and for a moment their swords whirled around, and emitted sparks of fire as they clashed, until a rapid thrust from the Marshall's sword laid the captain low. At that moment another smuggler aimed a blow at the Marshall's head. Had it fallen his death was certain, but quick as lightning Jenny turned the blow with her sword, and before the blow could be repeated had shot the villain through the heart. Fearful that in the midst of the excitement Jenny would be killed, Rathway called out :- " Spare their lives, take them alive, and at all events spare the girl, and a thousand guineas shall be yours." " Mindful of the reward the smugglers poured in, and notwithstanding that one or two more bit the dust from the cuts and shots of Marshall, and one from a vigorous blow of Bab's wife's cudgel, further resistance seemed useless. At that moment the smugglers raised a shout of victory. This was answered by a shout from the secret passage as the troopers, headed by Captain Balterstone, came pouring in. The vault was a large one. High, and with a vaulted roof, it was of considerable extent, and of an oblong shape. At one end of it was the door already mentioned, and at the other the entrance made by the smugglers. About the centre was the secret staircase by which the besieged had entered and now through which their succour had arrived. The upward draft soon carried the smoke through this secret passage like a chimney, and as the opposing forces mustered within the vault they were enabled to estimate each others strength. On one side were arranged the smugglers - for they had fallen back as soon as their new enemies made their appearance - nearly in the centre were Jenny and Marshall with Old Rab's wife and Mrs. Balterstone, while behind these latter soldiers came pouring in. It was no time for congratulations, for the smugglers seeing their superior force, and urged on by their Captain, who, though bleeding from the wound Marshall had given him, had recovered sufficiently to take the command, were formed for the attack. Advantage had been taken of the momentary interval to place the females behind in safety, and then bracing themselves for the clash, the soldiers prepared to dash upon the foe when so ordered. The prospect was a bloody one, and the issue doubtful. The smugglers were a splendid body of men inured to danger. Naturally reckless they were now perfectly indifferent through the drink they had swallowed, and their courage was increased by the Rathway's promises. Rathway, although he kept himself in the back ground, was almost beside himself with rage. His schemes which had seemed almost complete a few hours ago, were now in imminent danger of failing. He stamped, and raved and swore. He cursed his fate and his enemies. He implored his friends to kill them everyone, and promised to make princes of them all. The word was given for the fight to begin. Already the leading swords had crossed and shots had been fired, when their arms were arrested by the loud sounding of a gong. Instantly the folding doors already mentioned, flew open with a loud clang and the form of the old woman, mentioned as having appeared in the Elizabethan house, entered. She was still clothed in the same dark costume, with the scarlet hood and cape, but in addition on her breast flamed a large star. In her hand she carried her wand tipped with electric fire. On either side of her, ushering her into the presence, were three gipsy girls fantastically attired and each also carrying a wand tipped with fire, which they waved slowly to and fro in the air. Behind the old woman appeared Azalia, clad as we have seen her before, but with a saddened face and downcast looks. Her wand was held listlessly in her hand, and her step had lost its former elasticity. Behind her came a crowd of gipsies, each armed with a glittering blade. The old woman advanced to the centre of the vault, marching between the two lines of belligerents, waving back their weapons with her wand. The smugglers apparently recognising her and bowing to her power stepped back almost to the wall, the soldiers imitating their conduct, at the same time taking care to keep their arms in readiness. As soon as the old woman had reached the centre of the vault she paused. Then looking around, at if searching for someone, she addressed herself to the smuggler captain. " Thou art here, oh man of blood, at thy usual work. Thou art not satisfied unless thou art at mischief. Why can'st thou not pursue thy calling without plunging others into misery ?" " Mother, I must live," was the reply. " I am but earning my wages." " Ay ! ay ! wages - the wages of blood. See to it that thou dost not reap blood at last for thy wages. But where is he ? I see him not." " Who do you mean, great mother," said the smuggler. " I am master here whatever comes of it." " Thou knowest the man, but as thou wilt not betray thy employer, I must call him myself. Thou who art called Rathway Fanshawne come forth from thy hiding." At that Rathway, who had been hanging on the skirt of the crowd, seeing the hostilities were put an end to, came forward. He had his arm in a sling, for Jenny, when she had struck back with her sword in the caves, had passed its point through his arm. His face was bloated through drink and his eyes were bloodshot. He was pale as death and his long black hair, hung in matted locks over his forehead. " I am here," he exclaimed. " I am here great mother, as they call you. What do you want with me ? Can I not come about my lawful business without out you interfering? What right have you to stop me?' " What right ?" cried the old woman' " The right of the strongest." " I know you not," he cried, " and will not be thwarted. Who are you ?" " One whose power you will feel, proud man. One who knows your doings and your intentions. Look man," she continued with energy. " Look on that lady," she said pointing to Jenny. " Can't thou not see with what disgust she views them, and wouldst thou force her into marriage with them ? Would'st thou use he power thou thinkest thou hast ?" " Would l ?" he answered. " Yes, a thousand times. Nothing will hinder me, even if I knew at the next moment she would fall dead at my feet. I have the power here and mine she shall be. My men are more than a match for those soldiers and your noble crew together." " Man," the old woman replied. " I could save you and will. But upon one condition. Thou see'st here, Azalia. She is a princess of a noble gypsy line. Thou must have her for a bride. Take her and thou shalt go free." " What, I - a scion of a noble house wed with an ignoble gipsy ? Folly and stuff. Away with your mummery. Men, do your duty. Take that yonder girl and tomorrow I will divide ten thousand pounds between you." " Fool, fool," cried the old woman. " Art thou so sure of tomorrow ? Knows thou not that thou art standing upon a volcano that any moment may open beneath your feet and let you into the jaws of Gehenna? Think yet - pause- for thine own good and for the sake of those who yet love thee. " " I pause not, I hesitate not," he replied, " Thy princess as you call her," and here he laughed a sneering tone, " is not for me. Let her wed with some low born gypsy like herself." Azalia had listened for some time in silence, but Rathway's insults stirred her warm blood, and she pushed past the old woman, and stood before him raging with passion. " Thinkest thou, oh man that I would wed thou ? Go look at thyself in a mirror. That face is not one to win the heart of even a low-born gypsy. I scorn thee, I loathe thee, and even with my heart's blood would I save the lady from thy loathsome enbraces." " Back, girl, back," said the old woman. " Thou art beside thyself. It is for me to deal with this traitor to his blood. I would save him even at thy expense. For thou hast sinned against our tribe. Back to thy place and let events take their course." The fire left Azalia's eye and she meekly retired behind the old woman. Rathway now turned to the smugglers and in loud tones reproached them for their cowardness in being scared by an old woman and a few gypsies. " What ails you men, has gold ceased to he an attraction ? Think what the guineas I have promised you will purchase. Think how in a foreign land and under a sunny clime you can revel in all that is luxurious. Come," he cried, '" be men. Dash upon them. One dash will drive them to whence they came and the lady will be mine, and we can away to the vessel, unfurl our sails and be far away before the law can ever know." Stimulated by his words and by the liquor they had swallowed, the men began to handle their arms and made ready to charge. Captain Balterstone and his men, who had been watching the scene curiously, not knowing if there would be a peaceful ending, saw the renewed resolution of the smugglers, and raising their weapons prepared for the onslaught. The captain gave the word and the smugglers raised a shout. Shots were fired and swords were crossed when the solemn bell was heard, the gong crashed horribly and in a moment, before they had time to defend themselves each smuggler was seized by the arms by two figures, that during the time of the altercation had been silently stealing in behind them. Those figures clad in dark garments had taken their places along the wall, standing motionless until the toll of the bell and the sound of the gong, then at the uplifted arm of the old woman they had sprang forward and secured their men. Rathway was, however untouched. This then was the position. The smugglers' prisoners and Rathway were free and the Captain with his soldiers struck with surprise, standing still with their arms upraised. Then the bell tolled again, the gong sounded and music was heard. To Be Continued. 