WHltSUM HARP, REGULATOR. (centuby.) PART n. Polly Ami's good diaper waited in vain. Lam did not come. Yet Ahe was sure that, while at the well drawing water, she had seen his figure through the window. She blew the horn. She called at the top of her voice. Finally he went to the shed to see if the horse was gone. Gone he vaSi and there was a piece of brown wrapping-paper, each as f they used at the Store, tacked on to a log and directed to 4 Mistris Shinault.' She took it down, turned it overhand saw a single sen tence, written in pencil, in cramped, careful letters — ' Darling Polly an i taken your Hoss fer a Errant i want be bak your Lovin Has- ban. C. Shinault.' Law me !' said Polly Ann, 4 he mought hev come in, anyhow. An' the dinner's plum spiled.' , Sue was wretched over the morning's work, but she did hot feel alarmed, having no belief in Lum's courage ; and when she discovered that the gun was gone, she merely thought that he meant to shoot squirrels. But Lam was seeking other game. His errand was to kill Whitsuu Harp. The smouldering jealousy and resentment of weeks had burst into a flame that was , shrivelling his heart. He had been beaten before his wife, his wife who valued strength and bravery beyond everything. And Whit- sun, whom she praised because he was so strong and brave, bad beaten him. How many times had she praised Whitsnn to his face. Like enough she had wanted the regu lator all along, and had only taken up with Lam because Whitsnn didn't apeak — girls did such things Lam knew from the songs. Here was the secret of her being so quiet aud sad and jof that queer way she had with her that made him feel farther away, in the same room, than he did thinking of her miles off, in the bottom. ' I never cad much her like £ cud t'other gells,' thought Lam ; ' I alius hed ter study on't afore I cud putt my arm 'reoun' her waist. Reckon, I sorter s'picioned, inside, thee it pestered her. Pore Polly Ann !' It was like Lum to ieel no auger, only com passion for his wife. ' Hit's bad fer her too — turrible bad,' he pondered ; 4 ef it's me gits killed up she caynt hev no mo' truck wi' him, an' ef it's him shell natchaily hate the sight er me. Wa'al, she won' be pestered with it ; I'll go off on the cotton boat afore sundown. All through this wide worl' I'll wandern, my love,' said Lam, his thoughts unaffectedly shaping themselves in the words of his songs. They did not cause him to waver in his purpose ; he knew Polly Ann's notions of manly honour too well. Old Man Goodeu shot a man once. ' Paw hed ter shoot him,' Polly Ann ex plained ; 1 he spatted paw en the face.' ' And ef a feller spatted me, wad I hev ter shoot him ?' Lam had asked, amused by her earnestness, for this was before he passed the careless state of his marriage. ' Wndn't ye wyant fer to shoot 'im !' said Polly Ana, fixing her beautiful grave eyes on Lis smtliugf ace. . Wa'al, 1 suudn't crave it,' said Lum. 1 But ye wud, Lum, ye wad shoot him !' 4 Mabbe — if I cudn't run away', answered Lum, and he had laughed at her face over that speech. He did not laugh now, riding' with his bruised throat and aching shoulders, and the gun slung across his saddle-peak. 4 Him or me,' groaned Lum ; 4 hit's him or me — one. Thar ain't no tother way.' He was riding through the bottom lands above the mill. The entire bottom waB like an innocent jungle with its waving green un dergrowth of cane. Pigs were rooting under the trees, and the heads of cattle rose above the cane, turning peaceful eyes of satisfied appetite upon Lum's reckless speed. There was no reason for haste, really, out side the relief which motion gives to a per turbed soul, for Lum knew that Whitsuu was buying a horss of a farmer up on the bayou, anfi would have to return by the same road. Bat he did not slacken his pace until he came on a man naing more leisurely. The man bailed him,' and he saw Boas. ' W'y, I wuz at yo' heoase,' Baid Lum, 4 an Mis' boas 'lowed ye wuz en bed.' ' So, I war,' said Boas in a weak, high voice, 4 but — I got up— I got up !' 4 Toby shore, toby shore,' Baid Lum, soothingly. He saw the man could barely keep in his saddle for trembling and that his features were ghastly ; but Lum had the humblest Southerner's innate politeness ; it was not deemed good manners in Clover Bend to take notice of anything singular in Boas's appear ance or conduct ; there was one unhappy explanation always ready. Lum, through his daze of anguish, felt a prick of pity for this miserable being who had done many a kindness to Lum's mother in his unhauuted days. He stretched out his arm and supported Boas by the elbow. ' Ob, I'm peart enough,' said Boas ; 4 1 wavnter tell you suthin', Lum.' The younger man resigned himself with inward impatience to a slower gait. 4 This yere'a a sightly kencry, Lum, ain't it?' said Boas, gazing about him, ' but I ain t repinin' ter leave it' ' Be ye gwine ter Texas ?' 4 Farder'n Texas, boy. Dr. Vinson wa9 over an' he tole mo — naw.Lum.ye don' need ter say yo sorry, I know yer ar'. Ye be'n like a eoa ter me sence ever ye wuz a little trick an' played with my boys. Ye wuz the least little trick er all. Ye 'member 'em, Lum, sich peart, likely boys tbey wuz, an', they all died up an' nary an ter home, peace able dike ; Mat and Tobe drownded, au' Mark tarowed from his hoss. All on 'em ayfter — ye know Vat — all three eh one year, ev'ry chile we'd got. Ora an' me. Hit war hard ter endure, Lam, turrible hard." 4 It war so,' said Lum. 4 Wa'al, they're all on 'em gone. An' I'll be gone, too, aforei long. I ain't repinin. Lum, ye never heerd me talk on't ; I cudn't b'ae to speak ; but, somehow, 'pears like 'twud ease my min' a bit to tell ye suthin' er my feelin'a, Lum ; ef I hedn't er be'n so mortal ekeered er meetin' up with Grundy, I'd a killed myse'f a long spell back, I wud so. I'm wore out. Boy, if so be yo tempted ter fight, mind yo'se'f or me ! I killed Grunay Wild, killed 'im fair, too ; but, Lord forguv me, I done went enter thet ar fight aimin ter kill. I 'low thet war how he got 'is holt on me. For he's never left me sence. Fust I wudn't guv in. "Be thet ar all the harntin' ye kin mek out ?" sez I. But hit kep' a comin' an' a comin', never no differ, tell hit crazied me, Lum.' j j 4 Nor thet warn't tba wust on it. The j wast war beiti' ekeered the hull w'ile, 'spectiu' an' dreadm' never no tell. j 4 Did ye never hev a door a equeakin,' j Lum ? A squeakin' door ar' a mighty little trick ; 'taint nuthin,' ye may sav ; but ye'Il ' bo a sittiu' au' thet that door'li squeak au' i stop, an' then it'll squeak agin, an'then not, I an then squeak and sqneak and squeak tell ye git np, sw'arin' mad, an' ehet the door. _ Lum, I cudn't ehet the door ! I taken ter drinkin , but I cudn't git so drunk thet I'd not feel thet thar cole han' er hie'n a flap flabbin on my face. Hit's wore me out. Atlas I jes give np ; an' my Lord 1 'peared like his soul fa'rly enjyed trompin' on me, r'arin' and chargin like twuza wil' hog ! Oh, my Lord ! my -Lord 1 The man shook in his saddle with the horror of his recollections. But he controlled himself enough to go on, though the sentences came in pants. Then 1 'membered — thet thar tex'— an eye for an eye an a tooth for a tooth. Hit come ter me cud I on'y swap a life with the Lord fer Grundy's — then it monght be he wad tek Grundy offen me an'— let me die en peace. I don' ax no mo'. He stopped, gasping and coughing while Lum held him. Lum was deeply touched ; he was not a whit moved from his intention ; but he was touched, and he felt a sombre sense of comradeship, thinking, 4 Maybbe I'll know how ye'il fee', ter-morrer,' Boas continued : 4 An, Lum, w'ile I war study in' and praym , 4 Lord, let thy pore sinful sarvint wipe the blood-guiltiness offen his soul an not hev ter die sheered", Lum, Igbeerd them Case boys frum the hills talkin' outside. Thay wuz come ter borry my bateau. They wuz ayfter Whitsun Harp, becase he'd prommused the big un, Ike, a lickin' fer beatin' Ole Man Bryce oaten 'is cotton. They wuz 'lowin' ter pick a fight wi' him au kill him. I peeked outer a crack an' seen 'em. Two hed guns, an' all three hed knives. So I toie Ora ter tell 'em we 'lowed ter use our own boat. But they got a bateau farder down, and I seen 'em in the river, so I hed Ora row me over an s I borried Looney's hoss, it bein so easy — an' I'm agwine to warn 'im. The river twists so, au' thar's a right smart .-er groun' 'tween Young Canes whar he ar' an' the water, I kin' git thar fast, easy Say, little tricks, w'at ye beilerin' fer ?' The road had passed a little clearing, made in Arkansas fashion by burning down the treeB. The cabin in the centre had no window, and the door was open, showing three particularly dirty chil dren who were all crying together. The oldest Btuek a shaggy white head out to say, 4 Hit's fer maw ?' Whar's yer maw done gone ?' 4 She's done gone 'ith Mr. Harp fer ter see Auut Milly Thorn, kase Uncle Tobe Thorn done lick er hide offen er,' said the child, evi dently repeating an older tongue's story. ' I sended three men ayfter er, but ehe ain't come back, an4 we uus is hungry. Oh dear, maw, maw !' 4 Hush, hush, honey,' said Boas, trembling, 4 whar did the men come from ?' They come from a boat, an' they axed fer Mr. Harp, an' they said they wad fotch maw back in the boat. WiRye fotch maw ?' 4 Ter Tobe Thorn's, screamed Boas, clutching jjLum's arm ; 4 d'ye onnerstan,' Lum ? Thefc's 'cross the big bayou, the heouse on the bank ; they kin' cut 'cross ea the bateau, an' the road goes 'way off t'other side. I cayn'fc do hit, Lum, < he Lord don' mean ter parden me ! An' pore Whit snn — ' shaking Lum's arm in his uncon trollable agitation — 1 Lam, maybbe it's 'tended for you ter save 'im ! Yo' hoss never makes a blander. Ye knaw the bottom, and ye kin ride through the brake fast— fast !' Lum turned a dull, deep red ; he felt himself suffocating with passion ; he saw his revenge lost, and with it everything else. Yet be could not wrench his last hope from this hunted, desperate, dying creature. And Boas had been kind to bis mother. 4 Lum, ye will do hit,' pleaded Boas, 1 1 knaw ye don bear no good will ter Harp, but, God A'mighty, he's a human critter, ye won' see 'm murdered w'en ye kin' save 'is life ! Ye cayn't be so hard-hearted. Oh, Luna, do it ter save me, to holp me outen the hell I be'n eu fer five year !' 4 Yes,' said Lum, 4 I'll go fer you, Boas.' His face was as white as Boas's, but Boas could not sea ; he pushed his helper by the shoulder to hurry him, paming, ' Go 'long, then, fast, fer God's sake ! God bless ye, boy, ye'll save two men stiddeu one. How he rides, an' I useter ride thet way The children cried, and he went to them ; Lum Wft9 OUu UL BlgUli 111 tuo tllgu OhUO. The young fellow rode furiously. Beneath that pleasant green sea lay pronged roots aud logs and ugly holes. Thorn trees stretched out their spiked limbs, wild grape vines flung their beantiful treacherous lassos on the breeze, and pawpaw saplings, stout enough to trip a horse, were ambushed in the cane. Through them all crashed the brave gray, leaping, dodging, beating down the cane with his broad chest, and never slackening his speed, It looked like a frantic race through the wilderness, but, with the woodman's instinct, the rider, leaving the perils below to" the beast's sure eyes, was really guiding him on an invisible coarse. At last Lum drew rein before another clearing. He could see Thorn's cabin and women in the 4 gallery,' and, riding along the shore, nearer and more distinct, the figure of a man on horseback, plainly Whitsnn Harp. Lum gallopped up to him. The regulator carried pistols in the holsters "f his old cavalry saddle ; the barrel of one flashed out as Lum approached. 4 Ye ain't no call to be skeered er me,' shouted Lum. 4 Not this time Look out fer the Case boys— thar, on the bateau. They're a comin'. 4 Shucks !' Baid Whitsuu. He gave Lum a long aud keen giauce which apparently satisfied him, for he addressed himseif at once to the more imperative danger. In fact, the Case boys were landing. Ike, the tallest, he to whom the 1 lickiu' had been promised Btood up in the boat, as the keel grated on the sand, and hailed Lum : 4 Say, Lum Shinault, moosey outer yere, we hain't no gredge agin yon.' 4 W'at mought ye hev come fer then V said Lum sarcastically. 4 Ter guv thet thar regerlater a show to lick Ike, ef he darst,' called the second brother. 4 I darst,' Whitsun replied with his usual composure; 'jes come on over.' The brothers consulted ; then Lum was hailed again : ' Lum Shinault, git outen the road.' 4 The road's free,' Baid Lum Yo' mighty brash orderin' folks outen the road.' 4 Dad barn ye, be ye on his side ?' 4 Looks like,' replied Lum indifferently 4 onyhow, ef ye waynt a fight ye kin hev hit. 4 They all won' fight,' said Whitsun. Nor did they. The third Case boy (while the otherB were bending to their oars) yelled : 4 A man so mean 's you, Whit Harp, hed orter be shot 'twixt the oroBS er the gallowses, and we'll do hit yit.' And the big Ike in formed Lueo that he was 4 let off' on account of the women in the cebii? ; but not one of them lifted his gun. Safe out in the river, they threw back a shower of threats and oaths, but nothing more solid. 4 They're pusillanimous cusses,' remarked I Harp. Then he drew nearer Lum, looking actually embarrassed. 4 1 cayn't mek you out rightly nohow, Columbus Shinault, said 4JNaw,' said Lum, scornfully. cayn't mek myself out. Look a yere, Whit Harp, I come enter this yere bottom ter kill yWhitsun nodded gravely, making a little affirmative noise in his throat, exactly as i ne might have done to a remark about tne weather. faev ye or b'en killed up myself— one, ef I hedn't met up with Bud Boas. 'Tain't no differ how he stopped me ; be done hit, he sent me on his errant ter ye— ter warn ye ; an' w'at'a ino', so longer e he liveB ye ain't nuthin' ter fear from me. Bat w'en he's done gone — look oat ! He would have wheeled his horse, but Harp caught the rein, saying 4 Stop ! w'at sorter trick s al this ? W'at fer did ye stop fer Bud Boas ? Did he— did he skeer ye with his ghost ? Lum laughed harshly, in sheer bitterness of sonl : ' A dozen ghosts wudn't a stopped me. I don' hole by ghosts nohow.' 4 Then w'y did ye go ?' . None of us are above wishing to be justi fied, and there is a peculiar zest in overturn ing our enemies' false notions of us. Lum never would have proffered an explanation, but there may have been a grim comfort in letting Whitsun see his real self. He replied quietly, 1 1 come ter holp Boas.' How'd thet holp 'im ?' 4 'Kase he war purportin' ter warn ye his- self. He 'lowed ef he cud jes save some uu'a life — a sorter swap like fer the one he taken, that ar ghos' w'at harnts 'im mought quit.' 4 Did the ghost say bo ?' . , 4 1 don' hole by ghosts, I tell ye. Naw, it s jes a idy. So's the ghost a idy, ter my min But hit's plum fixed in 's head jest strong s scripter. An' I reckon t'wull be like he lows t'will be — so. He 'lowed ef he cud save ye from bein' killed up her hev me, then the ghost 'ud let up and he cud die in peace.' 4 Toby shore. An' tut war thet away ? An' that thar's w'y ye won fight me — kase the life won' be saved then an' the sperrit mought cum back ? Lum shrugged his shoulders : 1 1 guesB. Wbitsun's stolid face worked as he cried : 4 Blame my skin ef I kin mek ye out onyhow ! Ye ain't no sich feller like I wuz 'ceountiu' ye ter be 1' The blood ruBhed to Lum's fore head with a sudden sense of the uselessness of this late recognition, a sudden fury of pain. Ye hev fouri hit out too late, Whitsun Harp,' he cried ; 4 ye shamed me afore Polly Aon, an' ye shamed her too, lickiri her hns- band jes becase ye wuz the bigges' and strongeB', an' ye wuz too dumb ter see thet thar triflin critter, Savannah, war jes sick with a chill, an' I waz guvin' on her w'iskey.' 4 An' waz them lies 'beout you an' her ?' 4 Ax her,' said Lum, oveicome by irrita tion ; ' I don' want no mo track 'ith ye, Whit Harp, w'ile Boas iB 'live. Let go !' 4 Jes er minute mo', Lum. I ain't agoin' ter fight with ye ayfter this ev'nin'. An' ef I done ye wrong I'll ondo hit yit.' The hand on Lum's bridle dropped, and the gray leaped forward ; Lum's farewell words hurled behiod : 14 Ye cayn't ondo hit - all ye kin do ar' ter fight me, an' ye shell !' 'Ef i mistaken him, muttered Whitsun, who hardly seemed to hear, so absorbed was he in his own train of thought, 4 ef— how cu< hit a be'n— me bein' called ?' Boas was waiting at the cabin. He thanked and blessed Lum, but the poor fellow's heart was too sore to he thus eased. He must go back to Polly Ann, who de spised him. It never occurred to him to try to lift himself a little in his wife's opinion by telling the Btory of the afternoon ; he felt too sure that Polly Ann would not believe in any eal intention of hie to fight Harp, and would thiok that he welcomed any excuse. If only the Case boys had fought, if somebody's blood, no matter whose, had been spilled. ' Gells is alius a cravin' ier folks ter be kiilin' each other, ' mused Lam. 4 Polly Ann wud feel a heap pearter ef I hed a fust-rate title ter a ghost er my own. But now I never'll hev no show, not the leas' bit on earth 1' Polly Ann received him with great kind ness, saying nothing of the spoiled dinner or the delayed supper aud twice-made coffee. After supper she herself brought him the violin. But he put it aside, saying : ' Tek hit 'way, I don' feel like fiddlin'.' He had scarcely touched his Bupper. 'Ye feelin' puny, Lum V said Polly Ann, timidly. He only shook his head and went out, forgetting his hat. Her kindness jarred on his sick soul ; this morning he had yearned for it because this morning he had a conviction that she would not despise him long or grudge him, afterward, a last caress. But now — 4 I'm so low down en her min' she cayn't holp pity in' me,' thought Lum. De graded iu his own eyes and in hers, and un certain how long before Savannah's giddy tongue might be released from the fear that tied it and make his humiliation the latest joke for the store, Lum's whole nature seemed to collapse. He shunned the Clover Bend people ; he even shunned his wife, spending days in the woods shooting, or picking cotton, and taking a lunch into the field. At night, Bupper over, he would go out aud be gone uutil late. Many a Bwht did Polly Ann pretend to be sleeping Lum stepped softly across the floor. He never had been drinking ; and he did not cross the river, for Polly Ann, always watching at the window, could see that the boate were not moved. Oae night she fol lowed him. All that he did was to wander restlessly among the hills. She saw him make wild gestures ; once she heard a groan Then she crept back to bed and cried, poor woman, whether for him or for herself' who knows ? 4 She began to be frightened. She saw Harp at a distance, and once he crossed the river and paid a long call on Boas ; so that she did not connect any possible remorse with her husband's gloom. How could she imagine that he waB ceaselessly and poig nantly regretting his not being & mur- derer ? The only piace where Lum was anything like his old self was m Bo&b;'s cabin. Boas was dying, but very peacefully. The visions which had tortured hie life away were eon He had no more dread of them. Thanks to Lum, he told his wife. He told her nothinv else, but tnat was enough to arouse her gratitude. She would not paiu him With questions, but she thought no harm of ohm twrniug Polly Ann. ' D'ye low Lum done seen Grundy an' druv him 'way ?' ehe asked in tones of awe. 4 Law me, Mis' Shinault but he mus' hev grit !' Grit ?— poor Lam ! Bat Polly Ana who was superstitious, did have a vague and appalling theory that in some way Boas might have transferred , Grundy to Lum. Yet, were she right, it waB not natural for Lum to take such evident comfort in Boas's society, going there every day and taking his violin, although he never lifted the bow at home. Boas had little to Bay » what he had was about the time when his lost boys were chil dren. He would lie for hours, quite patient quite content, watching bis wife at her simple tasks or hearing Lum play. He often smiled. It was a pathetic sight to see how this man, who had not known peace for so long, seemed actually to revel in mere immu nity from dread. 4 'Pears like I cudu't sit enough er jest restin',' he would say. He suffered very little physically. 4 It isn't so much that bis lungs are gone,' the doctor had said ; 4 all his organs seem used up. h>b more a death from exhaustion than anything else.' November passed. Early iu December Boas died. Lum saw him only a few hoars before the event. He had never alluded to the past horror, but to-day he said : 1 Lum, I be'n havin' a cur'is dream. 'Peared like I war haulin' logs alonger Grundy Wild, like we useter. An' we uns war hevin' sich a pleasan' time. Hit war party weather, au' we uns didn't 'pear ter hev no bad feelin'g 'twixt us, an' Grundy he war & laffiin' an' pokin' fun, an' me, I war laffin' too, kase ye know them tricks er his'n an' quar contrap tions, an' nary nn 'membered nuthin' er thet ar bad time. I war a laffin' w'en I waked np, Lum, we uns war right good frien's wnnst, an' hits quar but I ar' a feelin' them ole frien'ly feelin's now agin. Htt'a like the res' war jes a bad dream. I ain't skeered no mo er meetin' up with Grnudy, Lum.' Not long afterward he fell asleep, aud he may have wakened with Grundy, for he did not waken in this world. There was a great gathering at the funeral. To this day the widow talks about it with doleful pride ; 4 'Twar the vurry bigges an' the gr&n;'es bury in' the Bend ever seen.' A hun'erd an' sixty-two, big and little, looked at the co'pse. I ceounted.' Whitsun Harp came to the funeral. It so happened that when Lum first saw him they were both standing at the grave. The open grave was between them. Polly Ann b&w; Lum's moSiy countenance brightened by a fierce light. Harp did not Beem to see Lum or any one ; his composed and melan choly gaze went paBt their heads over the forlorn little field with its rail fence and high grey grass waving above the unmarked mounds. The eer vices ended, the people slowly walked down the path which their own footsteps had made through the grass. Polly Ann kept close to Lum. He edged himself up to Whitsun. They spoke together in a low tone, but Polly Ann had the ears of an Indian ; she caught two fragments of Lum's sentences : ' Nuthin' now ter bender,1 and 4 Down en th' bottom, by the little bayou.' There were people with the Shinaults as fr,x as the ferry, and afterwards there were the widow and two cousins to escort home. One of the cousins, intent on having a comfort able gossip about the dead man with Borne one not too near him for free discussion, re turned with Lum. So she gave Polly Ann no chance to see her husband alone, and was still rocking and talking in the black and gilt rocking-chair when he came in and took down his gun. 4 I'm goin' fer a shoot, Polly Ann', said he. He had crossed the threshold, but be came back and kissed his wife on both cheeks, before the cousin. The cousin giggled : but Polly Ann remembered that be had not kiBsed her before in three weeks. I fear that her visitor found her an ungracious hostess. The instant she was free, she ran to the shore. Lum's beat was gone, but Boas's little boat had been left near the ferry ; in this she rowed over to Clover Bend. At first she hesitated on the other shore, bat presently she ran at the top of her speed. She had heard a single shot 4 That wud er be'n two,' her white lipB kept mutter ing ; 4 thar wuz on'y one !' She ran past the mill, past the pasture, down into the Bwamp. It was the same cypress brake through which Lum had ridden with Boas, three weeks before ; but it waB another 6cene to-day. One of the wood fires, so common in autumn, had Bhorn the ground of the green cane and all the undergrow th that hides the weird ugliness of the cypress roots. Now, bared of every tender disguise of vine or moss, the hideous thingB, in their grotesque and distorted semblance of human form, seemed demon dwarfs crouching over their fireB ; while the cypress knees bore an uncanny resemblance to the toes of incom pletely buried giants. Out of this huddle of monstrous shapeB rose the cypress trees, un- marred by knot or branch until high, high above a rider's head, some slim and erect like stately young maidens, others of enormona girth, brother giants to those that the earth refused to cover. Some were as smooth and glossy white as dead bones. The fire bad eaten out their life. Charred logs were tum bled over the ground, aud the cypress boughs were ashes whence ros a cloud of smoke under hurrying feet. Polly Ann ran on farther and farther into the ruined forest. She could see the sbiniDg of water. A log had fallen across the road. No, oh God ! it was no log, it was a man, it was Whitsun Harp lying on his face, shot dead from behind. Another woman might have screamed. Polly Ann only knelt down beside the man who had loved her all bis yonth, and very gently turned his face to the sun. He who so seldom smiled now wore a pleasant, dreamy smile on his lips. The murderer had taken such sure aim that death did not even interrupt the murdered man's thought. Then, at last, Poily Ann understood her husband. This was what he was studying. Without a moan or cry her body swayed forward like a broken tree and fell beside Harp's. But she did not lose conscious neas ; she knew the voice that called her name, and she staggered to her feet. Lum was standing m the road, his face ashen-white and his guu shaking in hiB hands. She ran to him with a great Bob and threw herBelf against bis breast. \R.! r.un ' Bhe gasped, they'll cotch yo ! Tek the boat ; the river's bee !' Fer w'y must I run ?' said Lum. Though .uaSi® a8ta'e<I» so excited, he seemed rather like a man overcome by some unex pected sight of horror than one who fears for 11m self. 1 You'-— began Polly Ann ; she clutched the barrel of his gun. It was cold to the touch. ' v6 kav'n't fired it off !' screamed she. w, vaw» Lum, I Been ye weepin' over Whitsun Harp ; ye 'low I killed him?' ( Ye looked so— ekeered ! T>.f w,at skeered— pow'ful skeered. Kaie, . "nnn« f lfif home 'ith my min' boc on tillin thet thar dead man, but I didn't do ? j Harkter me, afore him lyin' thet away ,7.q hlieve I cud lie. Lemme tell ye the null truth. Then he told, with the concise ness of strong emotion, how Boas had saved aim in the first place, and how, as long as »e could not renew his attempt, ter-day, eaid he, I war free agin. I cud show ye I war a man's much ez Harp. I spoken ter him at ttebnryinV He shud dered. I p'inted thlPlere place. He tole tod tot dome tor the stoto fasten' then ef I wanted he'd come yere. I done wen' ter the store. And he war thar. Afore 'em all, he Btepped up an begged my /pardin'. ' Mr Shinanlt knows w'at fer," he says, an' then he thanked me fer ' savin" on his life— he pntt hit like thefc— an' tole the hull story. An' now,' sezee, ' I don guess ye keer fer my comp'ny down en the bottom.' Then he holes out his han\ an' I taken it, an' he said ' Ye won' keep no gredge agin toe no mo'! will ye, yon nor yo wife ?' and I said Naw,' an' he went away, an I never seen him agin tell I seen you sefcfcin' by him, an' him dead, Polly Ann, ye do b'lieve me.' Polly Ann waB aohbing, but Bhe nodded. Abe Davis, he war with me, but he went on the high road, an' I come down yere fer a shoot, bo I'd hev some squirrels to tote home. We. heerd the shoot, but folks is alius shootin' in the bottom. We xnought er cotched of 'em ef we'd come straight down ; I don't gness they'll ever cotch 'em now. That's too many ter a'spicion.' Lum judged rightly. Among the dozen men who had cause to hate Whitsun, Jus fcice (a Bomewhat unwieldly personage in the Dottom) never could find enough evidence against any one to take action. Whitsnn's murderer was never punished, to Clover Bend's knowing ; he waB never even pursued. Lum knelt down as Polly Ann had done by the dead man's side ; he looked up at his wife with love and pity beyond hie expres sion. ' Yes, he's done gone shore, dearie,' he said slowly ; ' I wiaht he wasn't. .He war a better man nor me.' Polly Ann only sobbed. ' Wad ye — wad ye like ter — ter say good bye ter him afore I holler on Tobe ? I'll step over yander ter look fer 'im.' Then Polly Ann looked up. She read his thoughts. 1 Lum,' said she, ' come yere !' He came. ' Ye 'low thet I set Btore by Whitsun, too gre't store, mor'n I done by you ?' He war yo kin', honey, I don' meanter ter trow it up agin ye— ye 'lowed I war triflin.' Lum, Lum, don' say the word,' cried she, 1 don't 1 I don' know how ter tell ye ; but 'twaz you alius, alias, even w'enye hedn't nary thought fer me an' wuz waitin' on Savannah Lady. 1 fit agin hit, I done my beB' ter brung my min' ter Whitsun, fer he — he axed me an1 he war so good, so brave, the bea' an' faithfulles' — bat 1 cadn't do it, k&se; my min' war so sot on you. An' then we uub wuz married, an' ye didn't Bet no gre't store by me fer a right smart. An' I wnz so lone some, an' paw war gone, an' I grieved. An' then w'en ye sorter — sorter began ter hev a —a differ en yo' feelin's I war frettin' an' takin' on bekase ye warn't like Whitsun, sn kase ye wad let 'im dare ye an' prommusje iickin's an' not tek it np, Oh, Lum, I wsr a fool, bat 'twar alius you. Whitsun knows it war alius yon.' Yes. honey, yes, my darlin,' I onner- stan',' «4 Lam softly, gathering her int# his arms with a full heart. In that supreme moment they both forgot all theworU but themselves. But Whitsun, lying in the sunlight at their feet, waB smiling stilt The End. 