THE ORIGIN OF VICTORIAN BANK ING. TO TIIK KPIT0H OK TUB 1lKUAt.Il. Sir, — The publication in Saturday's Hkuai.p of a clevcrlv written article, entitled "Colonial Sugar Mills" crediting Mr Homy Miller with being the founder of the now flourishing Bank of Victoria liavmr occasioned some contro- versy in fimuural circles, I have been requested to determine the question no far as I may bo able to do so, 1 have no desire whatcwv to be exalted to the position of general referee as regards tho sayings and doings of a certain period of tho colony, but out of deference for a jvuticular friend who has so appealed to me, I npjHuid a brief statement of facts comicctod with the interesting event, llenry Miller was not tho first, nor amongst the first, projectors of tho Bank of Victoria. The notion of tho now bank originated with l>r Thomas Black, now of Cintra, St Kilda, who, in 1852, occupied n suburban residence nt Richmond. One evening Messrs William Ilighett, II, J, Chandlers, nnd It. M'Arthur were dining with tho Doctor, who, in a momen tary fit ofH)st- prnndial inspiration, launched tho idea of nstarring ft local banking institution. Tho suggestion was ajiproved, and the noxt morning Black set l»lh legs and wits to work to transform the brilliant bubblo into a golden reality. Henry Miller was amongst the first whoso co-o|>cration was solicited, and ho point blank refused to havu anything whatever to do with tho spec. Black, however, determined to |>ersevere, and so did, ami his hobby prus|>ored. Ho was backed up by such men as William Westgnrtli, Germain aud William Nicholson, with- tho onco well known Hugh Glass, and then success wa3 more than half assured. A preliminary public mooting waa the' "next stop taken, aiul llenry Miller being present, and seeing " how the land lay," gave in his adhesion, and ever after clung to the bank with a tenderness not commonly accorded to money-lenders. Mr Henry Miller was ap- jtointed tho chairman of thn first directory of tho Bank of Victoria, nnd its career under his skilful pilotiug unmistakably demonstrated his fitness for tho post. As not foreign tn tho subject now dealt with, it may bo of somo interest to mention that tho 'first banking operation iu Melbourne was tho opening (8th February, I83S) of an agoucy of the Dcrwent Bank (Hobart Town), . with the late Mr W. F. Kueker as manager. This example was soon after followed by a New South Wales Bank agency, conducted by Mr Skene Graig. But thn regular father of the tanks in Victoria is my old and valued friend, Mr David C, MWrtlmv, now living at Hoidvlbeig. Ho was despatched from Svdsiev to plant a branch of tho Bank of Australasia horo, and did no by ojioning shop in a four- roomed cot tage iu Little Collins street, on USth Augu«t, 1S38. The first native monetary mart of thia kind, "the Fort Phillip Bank," was launched so long ago as the 25th June, 1S30. Its life was a short though merry one, for it cave up tho ghost on tho 30th Docotnlwr, 1S42, sunw ten Years before tho ivm!; uf a'irforl i w-w \i.iru — Yours, &c.;, GARRYOWEN. ITJtJd August. 