GENERAL NEWS. In ! eferenceto the long propped lighthouses , on the coast of tbe Northern Territory, Cap- ] t*in Green, o? tbe steamer Guthrie, suggests ' that the first Jigbt should ba placed on C»pe , Don or Bash an Head, at the entrance ta | Dundas Creek. Captain Guthrie is well : acquainted with the northern coa3t, and hia ; opin:on will, no doubi, be considered by the j Maiine Board when the subject again comes ; before them. j For some time past business in shipping aatters at Port Adelaide has been very dull, ; and from week to week the wharfs have pre- i aented a deserted appearance. Lately there ! has been a change. Since Saturday no leas ? than three intercolonial and twelve extra- j colonial vessels have arrived, representing a ! total tonnage of 11,490. On Wednesday there j were G5 vessels in the harbor, exclusive of those under 20 tons register, and hulks and lighters, Of these 16 were extracolonial with a a total tcnnage of 12,746; nine were intercolonial wish a tonnage of 5,057, and 40 were coasters repre senting 3,303 tons. The wool is coming down by rail in large quantifies, and the wharfs and BtoreB are assuming a very busy aspect. Captain Green, of the steamer Guthrie, has presented the Zoological Gardens with a ; couple o! handsome gazelles, which will be on view in a day or two. The Silver Affc ot September 24 states:-In connection with the Adelaide Exhibition and Hunt Club races a cheap excursion train will leave Cock burn for Adelaide on Friday next, September 80, at 2.43 a m. It would certainly be twice aa well patronised by the public if arrangements could be made to run the train ' from Silverton instead of Cockburn. Mr. T. H. Brooker give an address on "Education" in the Hindmarsh Institute building on Tuesday evening. Thera was a fair attendance. The speaker advocated a compulsory system for children between the ages of 7 and 12 years. Technical educa tion should be given, and bhould embrace agri cultural, mining, pastoral, and gardening pur suits. He contended that boards of advice elected by the public would be more beneficial than the present system, A discussion followed the address. Father Jorgensen Baid he thought elementary mathematics and drawing should be taught, and evening classes might be held for ap prentices and others, A limited knowledge of chemistry would be of service to those who intended to follow agricultural pursuits. Re ferring to country institutes, he said they might be utilised during certain periods of the year when farmers had little to do for the purpose of giving a practical course of educa tion to the sons of farmers by teachers sup plied by the Government. Two months in the year would be sufficient for this. Too much was expected from elementary schools. Messrs. J. Lawrence, J. W. Carr, E. W. Palmer, and White also took part in the discussion. A recent number of the Sword and Trowel contains a remarkable article by Mr. C. H. Spurgeon, in which be refers to the "broad ening" of Dissent. " A new religion," he says, "has been initiated, which iB no more Christi anity than chalk is cheese; and this religion, being destitute of moral honesty, palms itself off as the old faith with slight improvements, and on this plea usurps pulpits which were ejected for Gospel preaching." " At the back of doctrinal falsehood comes a natural decline of spiritual life, evidenced by a taste for ques tionable amusements and a weariness of devo tional meetings," " Let us not hide from our selves the fact that the Episcopal Ghurch ia awake, and iB full of zeal and force. Dissent ing as we do moBt intensely from her ritualism, and especially abhorring her establishment by the State, we cannot but perceive that she grows, and grows, among other reasons, be cause spiritual life is waning among certain Dissenters. Where the Gospel is fully and powerfully preached, with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven, our churches not only hold their own but win converts; but when that which constitutes their strength is gone we mean when the Gospel is concealed and the life of prayer is slighted -the whole thing be comes amere form and fictiyn. For this thing our heart ia sore grieved." A smoke social ta connection with the Wlunhan OHeee Old Scholars' ^aaociitiou ft ill &e; haU at Beach's rooms this evening. 