ftp THE RICHMOND RIVER-IN THE BIG U SCRUB* fl Two young gentlemen visiting for the first time || Ljjgjr future possessions in the north invited me ?I to be their fellow-travellers as far as the Big If garub, and to reomin there as long as I liked. ;? tye started on the 4th of October by the City of '?; flratton. Contrary to our expectations, none of us were sick, owing our immunity from the dreaded mal-dc-mer, doubtless, to the calmness that prevailed. One of my young friends observed that it must have been in such weather that the intrepid Bass and Flinders made their celebrated I excursion in the Tom Thumb, and he regarded no longer their voyage in the 8-foot dingy as ':?? apocryphal. Our good ship was oil Point Stephens at daybreak on the 5th, and during the day we enjoyed the varied scenery of the coast from the deck. Steep projections alternated with sandy beaches ; in the distance the truncated cones of mountains and the graduated platforms between them were striking features in the landscape, port Macquarie, at the mouth o!:' the Hastings, the great health resort for consumptive patients, us the only seaport town we saw. Having made wood time, we hove to off the Solitaries for the ? purpose of fishing. Lines and bait were dis ? ^iKn(-.pfl. but those thieves and nests oi: fisher men, leather jackets, spoiled all sport. Captain Jl'^ee moved a point or two noxth-east, and there we had better luck, landing beautiful Echnapper sufficient for tea and breakfast. Long before dawn on the 6th we were hovering about the Clarence River Heads, waiting like the ghosts on Tartarean Acheron for the Charon that guards the bar. He appeared at daylight, gave the sig nal, and over we went like a swallow. Long heaps of stones thrown pell-mell together, lie on eachi side of the entrance to the river. They are the Clarence Eiver breakwater, which cost nearly ' j £200,0001 was informed. They subserve the ob i-i jectfor which they had been put. there just as | much as if they had been thrown over North I Head, it was said. We shortly after landed I at Harwood Island, one of the numerous I deltae of the Clarence River, and coached I it thence to Woodburn on the Richmond, \ a distance of 32 miles. For 8 or 9 miles the | journey was a most enjoyable one. A beautiful I -morning, a good road, a chatty driver, cane or « cornfields on our right, the north arm. of the \ nkrpnr.fi fringed with odoriferous shrubs or fruit I trees on the left, trim homesteads here and there, all combined and conduced to make us happy. : But like all mortal joy ours was temporary. After ' crossing the stream in a punt at Chat worth Island we entered upon a villainous road, where jolting, bumping, jerking ware the order of :;? progress. The driver consoled us by saying it Z was all good for the liver. Woodburn is a plea % sant little town divided into two parts by the river. t A steam launch plies from there to Lismore, 45 | miles, carrying the mails to and from these towns | and the intervening townlets. The river for that :fi distance is quite homely. Its rich alluvial ?': banks are cultivated down to the water's edge. ? | Vegetable gardens with flower plots adjoining i adorned many of the comfortable cottages on 1 either side. These necessary and ornamental j adjuncts ro habitations are, strange to say, much : rarer in the country than mighb be expected \ Ducks and g-eese skimmed about from bank to i bank, disappearing now and again in the foliage | of the pretty willow trees lining the river for I miles, many of whose branches droop down below ] the surface of the water, which in some placss reflects the whole tree like a mirror. I asked the name of the corporation or benefactor who had tiius aciornea cue aquatic mguway. vv nen x was informed the trees were put there for use, not for ornament, to restrain the encroachment of the river aud to prevent the soil being washed down the banks, their attraction and beauty were con siderably diminished in my eyes. The agreeable skipper of the Magnet pointed out to us the north arm, west arm, and other arms of the Richmond. That like other rivers on the coast is a veritable Briareus. My young friends got up some excite ment towards the end of the voyage. They pro posed a race with the Tomki, which we overhauled at Coraki, where she was unloading. A good start was effected. We gained corne advantage at the first bend of the river, but in the straight run that followed the bigger boat lessened the distance so much that we were nearly in the same predicament as Hanlan in his first race with Beach on the Parramatta River. The youngest ;| of my companions was at the helm, and ordered I the men to fire up and put in some bacon if they i'i had anv. More speed was attained, and a few '-M points aiding us, we reached the Lismore wharf H victors by two minutes. 1 Lismore is an insipient city, well laid out, at the head of the navigation of the Richmond. It has made great strides during the last 6 years, and is likely to keep up the pace, having a splen did fertile country around it. The citizens seem happy and contented, and not only sleep well o' night, but far into the morning. My fellow travellers had an introduction to one of them. They called on him between S and 9 iu the morn ing. Ho was annoyed at being disturbed so early, and requested them to call again, which, however, they said they could not do as they intended to be H off immediately after breakfast. He visited them fl at starting with a wet blanket air and a Job's com j| forter expression animating him. His lugubrious m forbodings about breaking down, quagmires and 1 other dangers were happily not realized. Under r| the careful guidance of Mr. Grey, superintendent i| of ;the dairy farm at Granuaile, we reached Sir. ; Denis Garvan's homestead there without any mis hiip. The Big Scrub commences in the outskirts of the municipality of Lismore. On entering it one is affected by various emotions — wonder, curiosity, admiration. Everything around is new — soil, trees, shrubs, birds, insects. Travellers who have talked of the everlasting monotony of the New south Wales bush landscape from the prevalence 'f gum trees, should visit that district, vhere they k'pioure. The giant cedars of the big scrub are almost a thing of the past, as much as the famous cedars of Lebanon. But monsters of the vegetable ?pngdom remain in the Bo-wong, fig, pine, bean, *c-, witnes&ingto; the prolific nature of the soil, between the large trees is a dense matted mass « parasites and undergiowth which it is impos abie, if ^i&3 for a townsman to penetrate. The co-uong (I give the scrub a vernacular name) ?ends out at right angles from the trunk spurs or buttresses 10 or 12 feet long, in some instance a 'WHy feet high near the trunk. la the alcove between every p&ir; oi' spurs, half-a-dozen people may comfortably camp. The fig has similar abutments, and Bends down from its branches roots which take firm hold of the ground. The sides of some fig trees are like trellis work from the interlacing of the vines. Most of them have a hollow trunk, and nearly all the scrub trees have no tap root ; the spurs or buttresses are no doubt ji provision of nature to support them. Mi'ny oi; the highest trees have several staghorn ferns of the most beautiful kind crowning them. The road is bordered all f.hp. wn.v i;n 'Rvrrvn 1-Srv with wild raspberry, the fruit being the size of a strawberry. It is dry and without flavour. One feed of it satisfies most visitors. Many of the selectors have fixed their homesteads on the bank of a creek some distance off the main road. The entrances to them through overhang ing trees look like tunnels. Arrived at Granu aile, and satisfying our hunger, we hungered for slaughter. There was plenty to kill. The place teemed with wild animal life. The sluggish carpet snake attains an enormous size there. The aggressive bandy bandy is small but highly venomous ; the dreaded black snake grows to the length of six or eight feet. Flocks of black and white cockatoos were constantly flying about. Pigeons, green, brown, flock and wonga, afforded sport from morning till night. The parrot family is well represented, the prettiest being the lory and blue mountaineer. The piping crow kept up its song all day. The rich and gorgeous plumages r-F t.li^- rpcrpnt'. aT.rl riflp bivrls rvnfc t.lin^A of nil others in the shade. The cat birds amused us. They kept up all day in the thickest foliage of the highest trees a constant caterwauling in imi tation probably of the domestic cat and puss whose day-dream is ' O£ making1 sfallautry in gutter-tiles, Aud sporting ou delightful faggot-piles.' ' The dismal cry of the dingo and the melancholy moan of the mopoke were the only sounds heard at night. Pademelons and wild turkeys abounded in the scrub and were well worth shooting for their excellent flesh. We were installed, in eminences of the extensive farm of 2009 acres. It is 25 miles from Lismore, and 10 from Byron Bay, but as the crow flies not more than three or four miles from the latter. The place has an elevation of 400 or 500 feet above the tea level. The whole of Byron Bay, the cape (the north-east point iu the Continent), and the new jetty being built there, are distinctly visible from the house. After satisfying our thirst for slaughter, and going into hospital a day or two to cure the wounds received from the stinging trees and lawyers, which, like their human namesakes, exact heavy costs in blood and clothing from the unfortunates that get within their clutches, we turned our attention to the pursuits of the settlers. Where we were, milking, butter making, and cheese-making were going on apace. Brushing, cutting down the vines and under growth, the first operation of the settler, was carried on hard by. Felling the big timber fol lowed. The operation was interesting to us, who had never seen it. Two axemen mounted on a frail scaffold consisting of a slight sapling laid no'ainal-, t.lie- t.rp(* in f.hn limners nf two of.li^r saplings cut away on opposite sides of the tree, which falls in the direction they wish, bringing down with it often five or six other trees which had been partially cut. The crash is tremendous, and is reverberated again and again if there are hills about. The next operation is burning off. If the weather has been dry for any time such fires on the sides and summits of hills are produced as have not been seen in the dis trict, probably, since its active volcanoes emitted the stones and lava, whose disintegration and decomposition have formed the exceedingly fertile soil of the scrub country. Should the weather be wet, as it has been the greater part of this year, when the district was known as one of ' constant precipitation,' burning off is out the question. The land brushed twelve months previously has now to be brushed again, such is the luxuriance of the vegetation. The constant rain threw the farmers back, and involved them in ad ditional expense for brushing and burning. The farmers are all now producing, getting some re turn, though slight, for the labours, privations, and expenditure of years. But they are heavily handi capped by bad roads and uncertain costly transit of their produce to market. I tasted butter at Mr, Campbell's, Byron Creek, equal to the best Wollongong butter, but its net value to him was only three pence per lb. Mr. James Hogan, Mr. Beveridge, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Boyle, Mr. O'Keefe, and Mr. O'Mara, had the same story to tell: no ade quate remunerative return for their produce owiag to the cost of sending it to market. Hope springs eternal in the human breast. The men who have subdued the giant forest of the Big Scrub are not to be daunted by even low prices. They live in hopes that the jetty at Byron Bay approaching completion will open up a market for them in Queensland or enable them to transmit their pvo duce to Sydney with more facility and in better marketable condition than the present means of communication afford. ^ ? C. B. 