"ALM A." AN OItIGINAL AUST!AMLAN SBTOR', . BY HAROLD STEPHIIEN, Eq., M.P. OF NEW SOUTH0 WALES. (All lUighta Rcsrced.) CITAPTER XIX.-(CONTINEUD,) . "You mean; Alma Traolegcr," began Grnae. " Who did you any?" interrupted Bertio in an exclted tone. "Alma Tredoger," replied Grace. "But what is'tho matter?" Bertio had etprted to his feet, and, in so doing, nearly upeot the tabhl. .Ie hastlonod to apologis, anod related his adventure of the prsecding day, when he met thie brother of liies Tredegar, in company with-Sir. Charles Worth.. " Sir Charlos .North l"-said Mr. Harvoy. " Why he hadil the name of being one of the safest men in the city. lHas bo, too, failed, and come oun hero to seek his fortnno? Well, well, it is a .trango lworld I Whol could have thought hbowould have made ~ me5s of it?" . B: eor explaited tliat Sir Charlo hab l by no means "made a mesaof it,'! but hbad come out to Australia on businie,; anll ala witht i view to find Miss Alma.Tradoegr. "Fortuna. loly," he added, "ithat part of the busiiess may be considered as settlId. You, Mine Harvey, will of course be a.ble a tell us the young lady's address ?" "I am afraid not. I received a letter from her last week, dated from Forest Creek, in which she said that she andi her uncle were about to leave for some now goldfield, and that her unale had told her that, in all' probability, she would not havo an opportu. nity for writing again for nmany weeks to come." "That is unfortunate," said Bertin, "but we may be able to follow theonm. At any rate, I suppose I may tell Sir Charles Worth that, no soon as Miss Tredogar writesn.gain, you will let him know lher address ?' "Of courso." replied Grace. "I must ask you, however, to keep silence with reference to the arrival of our friends in IMelbourne. Professor Tredegar ti at enmity both with hib nephew and with Sir Obharles, and ibe is quite capable of preventing them from meeting Miss Alma, if it lies in his' power." Grace promised oomplianc,., and Bertle soon alter took his leave. receiving a cordial invitation from the young lady to visit them again on hie return to town-which invite. tion was formally endoraed by Mr. Ifarvey in a manner the very reverse of cordial.. When hn had lolleft : "I do not like'that young man,'? said the father. "I do, very mmch," retorted the daugli. -or. It may'be well imagined that the good news brought by Bertio Laraoorte, was most noceptable to Dart Tredegar and Sir Charlos North. At lass they had a cluen whichi they could follow up withl some hope of success; and, in any event, they had overy reason to believe that Mien ILirvey would era long be able to to supply thnom with more naccurat information. The whole party, including the detective, left for Forest rreek that same evening. . CHAPTER XX.-. -iO Ou's aUt... '; .. .! It wan a highold lime at Snob's Gally. Ever sines the nows had come that The Ad. miral haId'unearithd n.nugget of monster proportions, the townliip had been in a for. moat; for the olaims hail struck work, and' every man; on the diggings had come'into view the welcome stranger. There it lay-a lhugo alsaliapon mass of dull yellow gold, alreakled with veins of quarta. Boenuty it posseseed not; yet every heart beat high with the hope of one day owning its like. For its exhibition, the largest room in the leading public house haild been chartered by the fortunato proprietors of the nugget, and allday long a stream of visitors kept pouring in and out; .whilst the trafnlo in rilnk and eatables threatened to exhbaust the resources of the establishment. B Sabb's Gully was among the youngest of the gold.geldo of that day. The original pro. spector was a shooemaker, hence the eupho. nious title, which hadl bcon bestowed upon it, after digger-fashion, by some wit amoung the shoe-makeo'd suceeere. - When the original "snob " first drove his pick into the soil, it was a charming gorgo, between two high mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery ercak wound its placid way through the gully, anod tangled masses of creepers hung in fosoule from tree to tree. Ode short month later, and the gully was transformed. Trees and creepers had dis. appeared; the creek had become a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill aides were covered with tents and huts of every doeoription. The township--ls there' not something offensive to the taste in the very expressalion, "township "?-wae situated at the end of the gully, where it widened out into n "llnt," and consisted, for the moat part, of stores and publio houses, .Of these the most pro. tentlous was the " Snob'd Arms," at whloh the oaahea eloppod, gnd there was notually •i _,·I_-._ a billiard.reom, contating s dlreadful tra vestee of a hilliard-table, and numerous small tables which were nightly oooupied by euohre and cribbsge players. The Bnob's Arms boasted also a dcnning saloon, and two real,' live bsarmidsm of uudoubted personal altrau. tions, and limitlsnsimpudenoe. It was a slab house, or rather a congregna tion of lslb huts of various dimonsiosin; bark: roofed, and cunningly connected by covered passge wasy. Io the dancing saloon, reposing upon ar'd blanket, on a table improvisaod for the scon siaon out of slabs placedl on troatld, -lay the mounes:er nugget. At tile hoed of the lable, seated in an arm. chair, sat tla Admiral, the luscey Ipropristor of the hugs mass ofgold, whish,he from time carreseed amd patted, as i iit had been a child, or a dog.. Only. 'yesterday; of the lsidrodds:o- I men' working at.BSaobs.Glly,.'ewas perhaps theI least'e'usidered.' Ono stroke of the pick, and, behold hiu, a? king amongset.mon I• Ole, wonder -.working enchantor, 'divine gold without thee, life is a wearisome) struggle-. with'tlhee, a carnival eof delight I At least, that is the poor man's views of the mnatter when Ihavo foundmy nougget, I shall beableh to deal wilthl the lestlion from the olher; stand-point. The Admiral-soc.alled, perhaps, because of all living men lie was in appearanse farthest removed from tle popular ideal of an admiral-was a week-eyed, week-kneed, randy.haired little man, who had hitherto, as becram one of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself so much in the back.ground that nobody knew anything about him'. A low hours, however, had wrought a' marvellous change, and he now oceupied the place of honor as if to the manner born. It really was astonishing to find that he was not only genial, but withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to overy word that foll from his inspired lips, and never prophet of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of nd" mirera he told the snmo words; yet even those who had hoard it early in tie day, and often since, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. . ".Ye sen, ge?itlemen," he would say, "ms and my mtses knowed there was somethin'. good in that there ground, Folks used to tell us, we'd never ceme on i'; but we klnow'd hbetter, and there she is I" fHeru he would point exultingly to the nugget, whilst his hearers smaoked theirlipe, and wished-oh, so dearly I-that it had been their Intoe to tell the tale. " I'll not deny that there was times whei we felt kinder bad about it,titnes when tuokes was e:arce,and licker rEaroer,"-The landlord winced at this remark,for hiseoneaionce emote him as hbe recalled sundry interviews between himself and The Admiral, and in which he had di'played' anything but a " trusting" spirit. ' There was times oven when my mates eoz ' Lt's shift our pgs ;' but I never gave in I I know'd we was bound ter strike it rich, and strike it rich weohava'-gentlemei, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my. shout, and champagne's the drink to-day." Need it bh said that this Ppeeeh of The Ad. miral was received with eovr.increasing oen thusiasm ?.:iYho, that'knows. anything of digger-nature, iill doubt that an orator of this stamp wais accredited with the possession of more than:lth average supply of-wit and wisdom? 'Towards midnight.the fun grew fast and furious;" and when the reoach 'from Forest Crcek dreW.up at the door of the public-house, it may bafply be atid that not one of its in. mates (of the male sex) was sober. 'Under ordinary oircumstihaoe, the arrival of the coach-which' usually took place at about nine o'clock-was the event of the evining, and every body turned out to stare at now aerivhls, and question the driver.. Groat then was the surprise of Jaclk For. rest--Gentleman Jack, as he was called who held the reins on the night in questeon, when not ever eo much as a groom came to' meet hii as he drew up at the door, in cr, gallant fashion as the fagged horses could no. complish. " Well, I'm d-d I" he muttered. "Hero's a start I • Anybody dead, I wonder? There's on infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, plcSee," he added, addressing sa passenger, who occupied the box-seat. " I'm going in to rouse up come of- these ducks. Confound my 'eats I i'll let them know who they're fooling "with, in a quarter lees then no time." Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out hip threat, a little voies in the interior of the vehicle said, "I think we have arrived, uncle," and presently' .the 'curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at the aperture, that one of the.grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towards the coaobh, started as if he had eenc a ghost, and fell over inluto ile horetrough, much to the disoomsoture; but greatly to the delight, of the outraged driver; who, ao. companied . by the landlord, appeared on the threshold at that moment. "Let me. help you 'down, mise,"' said Gentleman Jaak offering his hand. "These conahes are rather awkward for ladies." " Thejwoe have arrived, sir?" asked the young lady, timidly. "Yes, miss, this is Snob's Gully," said the landlord obsequiously, but with a lurch to leoward, which showed that lihe, too,.had suc. cumbed to the influeneu of the petroleum champagne. "And this is the Snob's Arms -shough I sea it, asn shouldn't, the leading hotel in the place. Was you for stopping here toinight, miss ?" '""Yes.-got us'eomne:snppo at once, and show us toeour badroomb,': 'ansere'd a'gentle. 'tan who hadueome round from the other'side of the coach. ' 'Como inside; Alma, the grooni will look after our luggage." Pooi little Alma-tor it was indeed our Iheroino-=cold, tired, hungry, and, halt. frightened, took her unole's arm submissively enough, and they vere presentlyushered into the room off the bar, which was dignited by the name of the best parlor. The furniture of this apartment consisted of a rioketty bushll sola, a round table, I covered with a blue blanket in lieu of table. I aolth, two or three decrepit ohaire, and I an old oafo, which did duty as.. aide. board. . ' " Alma sank. on the sofa exhausteod, and i would fain have relieved herself by tears, but I refrained, fearing to vex her uncle. . " Cheer up, hobild," said that gentleman, n divesting himeell of his overnont. "A bhot I glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall have in da mihnlo. What Is the meaunig of that noisi ?" he asked., This quection wan nddredied to one of tho a barmaide, who entered while he was opeci. a ing-a young lady witl' brilliant, beady blak eyes, very rod oeebs.- a nd'lips, end a mass of oily black hair, vlhist towered at r least a foot over the crown ol.ther hIead, and a thenco dersended, in a on(cadse oef tight eorlk orcw caurls, halflway to he) wvaist. "It is a nuggot,' she r lied in a mioilng a tonen. ' The Admiral's ,rty have found a big sugget, and thoy'ro·l 'ping it up in the I ballroomu., ' Would the yoe g ladylike to ta ko sonytlsng 1" "Ys, Rho vwould,".rop id the Profcseor ohlarply, " A glassf ae wa brandyaud water, lot for hler; and a o glassn for g isagelf. a oe nnmart nrhnt it, if yo please." - Th'dlaomsel looked lun terabe things at I the person who had the udaelty to address ler m such an unce-sm toue manner;, and flounced oet of tho roo wills a tvwist of the skirt which nariqwly a aped knooking the qsreasor dowg, by their breath, whilst her ear was oitended by many a muttered oath, and that horrible snoring and gnashing of teeoth which attends the sleep of the drunkard. Later on, the houcr was opened by' the landlord-himself very much the worse, for the debauch-and then, one by one, the sleepers arose, shivered, and staggered into the bar in search of a " pick-mo-up.!' SMr. Johnson had boon able to.got to bed, and, after three or four hours sleep, made Ihis appearance, apparently sufferiug lees than might have been expected. 'He was evidently a seasoned vessel; for, after a brandy-and ooda,ho was 'aotually able to smokea clay pipe, whilst breakfast was in course of pro. paration. Stephed TrCdegar had prepared his ,looe for'thoe appearance of this guest at their table. Hi' had iiseni early, and called Alma into the parlor, longb befbre 'Mr: Johnson had opened ;isaeyes;. ,Whathes.toldthebgirl;. it i, isnot. neoeessary to refieat-lt was simply a lie, con. coated for a purpose, ond it served that per pose-at least so.far as, concerning Alma, that, ;however objectionable a person Mr. Johnsuon might be, it was.highly important that le 'should bi' flattereid and: ooncili :ated, Thd poor girl presided' at the breakfast table in a state of trepidation which threatt cued, at any moment, to culumianto in a burst of toar:'s. Mr. Johnson was oven more objectionable than she had expected to flud him. In the first'plaeo, he brought with him into the room an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she was wholly unable to swallow a mouthful of food. I Then he ate like a barbarian, using his knife as it it had been a fork, and there after helping himself to butter with the same implement.: As for his conversation, it was more than offensive to the girl. His oompli. ments were coarse, and accompaniod by horrible leers, and lewd glances, which even a child could not mioundaretand. 'Mtorover he would talk. The Professor vainly sterove to reliovo his niece by taking upon his own ehnulderso the chief share obltho conversation; bet Mr. Johnson cepld talk and eat it the same timo,.and thus enjoyed the 'advantage which he pushed to the uttermost; being, in point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, and luaboring under'the hallucination that he was dEeidedly'coming out strong, and making an impression. How long that meal endured, Alma never know. It seemed intormuinable-for Johlson was one of those happy individuals whoseap petite is increased by copious potations, and to had no idea of ceasing to eat as long as there was anythinJ eatable left on the table. At last be looked around,' and sighed tihe sigh of repletion, then he commenced to use his fork as a toothpick. Even the proleasor could not, however, stand this last proceeding, and he 'arose hastily, tolling Alma to go to her room, anod :replare to accompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took tie hint and escaped may easily be conceived; but.she was not asllered to depart without the promise of farther torture, for Mr. Johnson, without rising, intimated a desire, it she had no objection, to accompany her. and her uncle in a atroll.among the claims. As the door losed tihe Professor turned to IMr. Johnson with a gravityof nianner'whib i _"even-impressed that.individual, and Qeaosed hbim to ask uneasily--" What's up nowv ?' "O des we bo overheard 7" aslked the Pro., feessr." "If' we don't yell out, 'and ther 'don't happen tobs anybody listening at the door," rophed Johnson, "I should say.we can't, Especially'oa thore is an infernal row going on a's it is.' Truth to say, a "largo number of the 'Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they were all still, more or less intoxicated, the' noise soon became deafening. " Mr. Johnson," began the Professor, " if I mistake not, you have not always borne 'that name, The fork fell fromn the man's hand with a orash upon the table, and he stared,-open. mouthed, at the Professor, whilst a palo green tint seemed to spread itself over his face. " I think," continued the professor, " that you were formerly known in London by the name of Thomas Somner." Mr. Johnson took up the fork, and re commeeoed picking his teeth. ' " Well, sir,'.ho said, "what then? , Many a man does not care to be known by his owe name on the.diggiags." This was said in a confident, dofant'tono I wholly at variance with the 'man's' bohaviour when first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor soored a point- he con. eluded at onoothat the gentleman before him liad beoon known also by another name, and that there were circumstances attendant upon his bearing that name which made him dread its discovery. " Ot course," said the Professor, "it very often is desirable to conceal one's identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you must be Thomas Sumner," (T'o be cosindiecl.) , Soscow has never quite recovered from the tires which followed and put an end to the trench occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high days and holidays,' an air of longuor hangs about the holy city, which for many centuries s Ruas llea' actively beating hoeart. Perhaps it is partly for that very reason that it is far dearer to the uessian mind than St. Petersburg, the younger and more animated rival which has supplanted it, The city.which Peter the great founded on the swampy islets at the mouth of the Nova fairly reproesnts the force and energy of the Rlossian 'Government, the splendor of the nbbles, the might of the military. But Mosaow, with its hundreds of churches and shrineo, its repose suggestive of some land where it is always Sunday afternoon, is far more in keeping with the ideas nearest to the heart of the Iltusaia people, more in har mony than the glittering Northern capital with the deep devotion which the pennant feels towards the Church, and towards that fatherland with which the Ohurch is in his mind so intimately connected. From oll parto of the empire, from the swampy homes of favor and plague where the Volga pours itself into the Caspian near Aetrakhan, from the shores of the lakes and the shades of the forests lying far away northwards toward Archongel and the Arctic Ocean, from the rieh "black ooil" lands of the more genial South, and 'from the far-off 'settlemontes stretceling awayo'in progressive lines into Central Asia, there come bands of pilgrims, who wander from on e shrino to another, visiting the spots which are to the Hussian mind most dear and holy, and who return to their nsative villeges with a vast store of religious experieuce, and with a reputation somewhat akin to that of the medimval palmer who had visited the holy places at Jerusalem. Such are thovisitors whom we Oes standing before the poreh of the Caths. deal of St. Basil at Mosoow. The men in rosgth caps and' sheepslin tunics, with shoes made of lime-tree bark on their feet, their legs bosend round in .the old Soythian or Ssrmatian lasllion, tie women with handketr chiefs tied over their hoads, all'with wallets slung arouid them end long pllgrim.etavoe in their hlands, from very pictureslue groups ne they gather before church doors or in the eourts and.oloaiters of the monasatTie. A waterproof gar?oolp--Tho oust of i (ho toaper's iomnoch, 