COMMUNICATED. 1 [CorieBDondents who aw good enongb to forward newspaper* containing weatoicw items will macb oblige lyr tnaxking thoM letire to passages to which thfe ud»us w >»»"" j » tion, and when cuttings are enclosed^" desirable tbey should have attached to we® the name ot the paper ieota wnich the/ *re taken, and the date. — • — The many friends of Mrs Wooldridge The Dan Barry Dramatic company Miw Boesire u the JJrlndp^,'"fkK",tlon? .till joarnt>iU)Rla * north* towwdfSou^^o^^ InSfdnejr Cbrtafcmw tiogtoa vfaei^AUM fiMSWky^v... -~~ the Boy aL is s^S "CI more of the sleeping about it than the 'beauty. Minnie Palmer, at the Opera- house, despite the unattractiveneBa of the theatre^ maintains an attraction which shows no abatement The Federal Minstrels, at the Academy, are always popular in Sydney, and they support well their established reputa tion. MiB8 Louise Davenport is appearing in sensation melodramas at the Gaiety; and tor miscellaneous entertainments there are, severally, the Alhambra Music-hall, with Mr. Johnny Cowan as the principal item on the list; the Ghost and other cheerful ap paritions at the Masonic-hall; at the Apollo ball a clock, designed after the titraaburg Clock; and at the Temperance-hall some minstrels who announce themselves as "Monarchsof Fun." On Saturday the pro menade concert at the Exhibition-building was for the benefit of Mr. Churchill Otton, and the principal item of interest was the singing of Miss Frances Suville. Mr. Grottan-F.iffirs, with his company, con tinues to succeed in Queensland. The Carrie Swain Company have returned from Adelaide to Melbourne. The theatrical companies now in New Zealand are represented principally by the Wybeit-Reeve company, the J. L. Hall and G. 1}. Carey company, and the W. G. and 21 company. The news has reached Sydney of the death of Mr. Frank Weston at Mauritius, whither he went some months ago. No particulars are at present available as to the circumstances of his death, but it is feared that the mental depression consequent upon his business misfortunes has had some considerable share in hastening his decease. He was a genial, bright, kind-hearted man and a favourite with all who knew him. He possessed con siderable aptitude for a certain Kind of stage representation, and in association with Frank Ilussey about 15 years ago be organised the best minstrel entertainment, taking it as a whole, we have ever had in Melbourne. Ilia more recent venture at the Nugget Theatre was not successful, and it was prin cipally due to the losses he experienced in the endeavour to revive the popularity of this house that financial ruin fell upon him. His regular business also had fallen off, and he left the colony broken in spirit, and, as it would seem, in health, too. At the Grand Theatre, Islington, on the 29th of November last. Miss Marie De Grey produced a new drama, by Mr. Frank Harvey, entitled " Lord Marple's Daughter,"in which she and Miss Maude Digby (whom we knew here as Solange Noraro) played the principal characters. The piece is not highly spoken of, but the acting of the two ladies is greatly praised. 