A GHOST STORY. [DY WALTE, THIORNUURY.J (CoNTINUED.) "The more fancy of a possible event, Remember the ghost that the captain sat down upon in the arm- chair, and then fol lowed into bed-eh ? IHalloa I what, not a word to fling at a dog-what, quite chap fallen I Sir, I shall put you in my next lecture." "D)ont, dont I" said both ghosts, in a whining voice; "we'll go quietly away if you promise not to." "Miserable impostors, bogone I I know all your petty tricks-the voice that called Doctor Johnson-the young ensign died of over- smoking at Kitlheinegar, and that same night went and torrified his poor sister, for no reason in the world, at 999 Gower-street. Bah T' " But, my dear sir, a moment's patience; lot me put one argument before you. Look at the haunted houses in Great Britain, the rooms where no one can be induced to sleep; look at the clashing of our chains, our white shrouds, the groans, tho--" As the Polish skeleton here got out of breath, his lungs being evidently out of order, the professor slipped in, and con tinued his honest trade. "Stuff about your haunted houses noises, all rats and draughts- unnatural deaths, bad sowers-rattling chains, rusty weathercocks-and all the rest, the tricks of deceiving servants, smugglers, or thieves." HIero the ghost from Poland shrugged his shoulders, and looked piteously at the ghost from Guy's; then both shrugged their shoulders noisily. " But the wet ensign who comes and tells his sister lie is drowned at Outchmnabobbry, in the Madras Presidency V" *" "Ah what about the wet onsign I" said the ghost from Guy's, backing up his friend's query in a posing and rather hurt sort of way " Hang the wet ensign I An idiotio sister nervous with incessant late hours, too much can do Cologne, and the perusal of a sensa tion novel, has apprehensions about her brother in India, eventually goes to sleep over the piano, and dreams she sees him dripping." "But she didn't dream," said Poland. "No, she didn't dream," said Guy's, resort ing again to his eye-glass. "But I say she did," said the professor. "She didn't." S" She did." "She didn't." The skeleton from Guy's.horo clenched his fist but the ghost from Poland groaned. " It's no use," said the latter. "Not a bit," said the former, " On my word of honour, my dear sir," said the ghost from Poland, trying once more, and laying his hand on the vacuity where his heart ought to have been, " It was nbt a dream." "It was not a dream, on my conscience," said Guy's. "Now look you hero, gentleman," said the doctor, getting red in the face, and seri. ously angry, " I have borne this, I think, long enough, I have proved to you both that you don't exist; why don't you go away civilly like gon'lonen " (The doctor rather slurred the pronunciation of this word), "You are impostors, scare-crows, hiero bubbles; air, vapour, thoughlt. Be gone, or, I give you fair notice, if you are not off in five minutes, by that clock, I will rina the bell, fire off a double-barrel gun, spring a rattle, throw open the front door, and alarm the street," This threat seemed to have a great effect on the two skeletons, Guys sat down and warmed his shift-bones again in a despond ing manner, but on Poland touching his shoulder, they both got up and began to whisper togother in a violent and agitated way. They were ev'idently going, * . * ** * * *X The doctor fell suddenly into a deop sleep. He did not awake until Betsy Jane, the hoiusemaid, came in to "do " the ioom at seven A.M. That fair vestal found the gas burning, and the doctor fast asleep in his arm-ohair. In alluding to the event afterwards,. Dr, Popisino's friends always called tllhe vision and sleop the :result of "over.study;" but his enomies (and what great man is not troubled with such vermin I) called it " too iiuohi of Mrs, Fitt-Jons's champagne." * OONOLUDD., Shortly after 0 o'oloolc on Thursday ovoning (Hays the Molbourno Aflg) Oonstable Spratling, 1whilst oni duty on Princo's Bridgo, hoard the report of flroarms on the s outh side of tho river, and a few minlutos aftorwards iho was inforinod by ta oabman naniod Matthows that a man liad shot himoslf at ta spot nbout n quartor of a milo from thu bridge. On his arrival at the place indlicatud, Spratling found anl oldorly mal, re. spootably dresaed, lying on the ground in a pool of blood. A oomnion platol, rooontly din., ohargod, was by'hi sldoe, and a powder finlas was found in his possession. The wounded man, wloao namo was, antorwarda aseortainod to be Willim.Dalglisl, lhad shot lihhnolf In the broast, He was dying whon thle oonstable camo up, and was insonsiblo, in whioh sntto ho 'was.eomovod to'tho Hiomnoopathlo I-oHpttal, on tho'St, Kilda.road, T'ho roeldoitt strgouen, hliving exhlineod Mr. Dalglish, pronounouod him deadl;. ]o died-very shortly aftor buing admit. tud. A .,pllokotbnolk co0tat1init Inottnmrin'ndu, rovldonltly writtiu by tho dd'oakuii, \was fii d, 