THE LIME KILN CLUB. —Detroit Free Press. ‘De case of Brudder Janies Warren, of Miner Hill Tenn., will be fust tooken up. said Brother Gardner, as he opened the meeting and winked to Elder Toots to push another empty herring box into tiie stove. ‘Brudder Warren claims dat lie am bewitched, an'' he has written to dis club to ask it to do sunthin’ to drive de evil speerits away. It lias got to sieh a pass dat the • witches take his ole mule outer de ba’n at night air ride him all ober de kentry an’ Brudder Warren feels speerit hands passin’ ober his face an’ pullin’ his ha’r o’ nights. Dis club will do suntiling fur him. If he was a local member we’d cure liiiu in about 10 minits. As lie aui an honorary, air fur away, we shall cross his name oil’ de books and send him oiiishul noiis dat he am a bounced man. “I hev repeatedly referred to this matter of superstishuh. an’ if members can’t be enlightened dey kin be tired out. De day of ghosts, hobgoblins, air witcoes has passed away, an’ de cull’d man who can’t believe it has no biznes in dis club. Mebbe dar’ was a time when witches went chasin’ ’round de country on an ole raw-boned mule, scaring people half to deatli an’ leavin’ a trail o' tiab an’ smoke, but tilings hev changed. De wedder hain’t right fur ’em now, an’ the perleece giv ’em de collar an’ send ’em to de workhouse. ‘ Mebbe speerit hands hev bin laid on Brudder Warren, but I doubt it. I guess Tennessee whisky had a good deal to do wid it. All o’ you just listen to me when I say dat de fust complaint of spireet hands in Detroit will be fol lowed by a scene to make somebody’s heart ache ! Be keerful how unknown bands pull y<n- ha’r. De member of dis club who see- a witch had better keep powerful quiet about it, or lie’ll be turned ober to de Kickin’ Committee to be dealt wid. De secretary will write to Brudder Warren dat we hev done sunthin’ fur him, an’ notify our branches at Chattanooga an’ Knoxville dat he has bin tired.’ Out Of Order. The Rev. Penstock sent to the Secretary’s desk the following preamble and resolution : ‘ Whereas, sartin newspapers am in de habit of makin a distinction in de color when the man am arristed, as— “ John Doe, a colored man, was ar rested last night for”—and so forth, and— ‘Whereas, dis distinction am a relic of barbarianistn an’ unworthy of de aige, now darfore, ‘ Resolved, dat dis club protest’ agin sicli distinction, an’ indulges in the hope dat it will soon be abandoned.’ At the President’s request it -was read a second time, and then lie arose and said— ‘ Brudder Penstock, I shall have to declar’ de resolushen outer order.’ ‘Pur what reason, sail V ‘ Fur de reason dat no vital ishue am at state, an’ hekase your pint am not well tooken. De fuck of distinc tion of color am a joint in our favor. So many pussons am bein’ arrested an’ held up in de papers dat if de term “cull’d” was not used now an’ den de hull caboodle would be supposed to belong to our race.’ ‘I shall appeal from de decishun of de ch’ar,’ firmly replied Penstock. ‘Wery well. De Seckretary will call de roll on de appeal.’ This was done, and there were only three votes to sustain it. A vote was then taken on the resolution, and it received only two votes. Brother Pen stock sat down very hard, and during the rest of the meeting employed his time in reading a patent medicine cir cular.—Proceeditigs of ihe frinte Kihi Club. MANY TIIAXRS. Dr Christopher Columbus .Johnson, an honorary member of the club at Mobile, forwarded a communication in regard to spring tonics, and gave the following recipe for preparing what lie calls ‘Johnson’s Liver Annihilator’:— ‘ Water—One gallon. ‘Alcohol—One quart. ‘ Put in sassafras root, peach stones, tonka beans, persimmon buds, New Orleans molasses and tar to suit the taste, and keep in a dark place for one week. This is warranted to cure per spiration of the liver in three days.’ The secretary was ordered to return the heartfelt thanks of the club, and various members will at once prepare the tonic. 