j?LtltI©fica : ATHLETIC NOTES (By Milo.) The LaunceBton Friendly Societies'' Athletic Meeting, the most ^important of the kind in Tasmania, will bo held on Monday next on the Cricket Ground. Ex- - cellent acceptances have been received for the Sheffield Handicap and other events. An athletic sports meeting is also to be held at Deloraine on Monday. The Northern Tasmanian Cycling Club chartered the s.s. Indignant and had a most successful trip to George Town:' on Monday. The hon. secretary of the ? excursion (Mr. W.. A. Fowler) and the Executive were rewarded with seeing a ? full complement o£ passengers. Two races ? were held on arrival, in which the visitors and the local cyclists took part. For the one mile race six competed, the winner being F. Ward, of theN.T.C.C.; In the two mile event six contestants entered, and after a splendid race G. Gill, of the N.T.C.C., proved tho victor. The great John L. Sullivan recently gave an exhibition of his boxing, and a writer in the London Sportsman thus discovers :— 'There was only one opinion as to Sullivan's performance j and that is that a better boxer never donned the mittens. They may talk of Jem Mace, Tom Sayers, Joe Goss and other, heros living and dead, . but I doubt very much whether ever such a man as Sullivan has been seen within the ropes. He is not alone a terrific hitter ; but ho is as. active as a. 8st. lad. The rapidity with which he delivers his blows is simply marvellous. 'And they are blows, mind, you; not the ordinary :tap, tap of1 your clever sparrer.but real downright, Nasruyth hammer hits, which would almost fell an ox. He is a bit too earnest, and,, perhaps being so, he might go down before a real good man who fought with more head. He. appears to me that he fights as if each round was to be the last. He. is thus apt to knock himself up ; and a good general would possibly wear him down. But, in my humble judgment, there is no man living able to stand up to him. Jem. Smith is the only one who would have the ghost of a 'show' with him. It is remarkable how silent all his challengers are now '. Last week the cable told us that the prize fight between the English champion Jem Smith and Jake Kilrain- of America, had been ibrought off on December 19, near Rouen, in France. 106 rounds were fought, when it was decided to draw. The match was .to have been to a finish; so that something must hare interfered to bring *about a draw. The stakes at is3ue were £2000 and the Now York Police Qasette diamond belt. 