Cakss, ®tc. SHEMUS DHU, THE BLACK PEDLAR OF GALWAY. A Tale of the Penax Tikes. CHAPTER XVI.—{Continued.) Bt the iatb Rev. If. Kavanagh, P.P. Drama his conversation with the sentinel, Harri'gh feared an interruption to his plans from the impatience of 0 Reilly. The latter had borne with evident ill-humour the delay of question and answer between the guide and the sentinel. He had been accustomed to pass out and in of the gates at'the latest hours withont a challenge. The liberty allowed, to his station and prinoiples established, he believed, a prescriptive light of entrance; and to question it at a time when he most desired despatch excited his impatience to the highest degree. The consideration of his companions' oiraumstsnces alone restrained bim during the former colloquy ; but when the silence, after the last words of the I guide, was longer than he expected, he called to tbe soldier, in a commanding tone, to UBBhoot the bolts, or stand responsible' for the delay of gentlemen-on bnsiness of importance. ' 'The night air has roused yonr spirits, my masters,'' replied the soldier; ' we shall gee, by and by, if you be gentle folk, andon business of importance. Tbe officer will take hie rounds within an hour, I should think. In the meantimp, you would do well to cool yonr temper on tho bridge with the fresh air from the sea.' •Scoundrel!' O'Reilly roared, 'if yon don't unbar the gate'iastantly, I will report you to yopr colonel." ' A'ore George! it's a good one,* said the soldier. 'What spirit these chicks tike where there is no danger ! My master, if I jndge from your words you are safer lodged without tbe walls than within them. Fare thee well till the captain comes. It's ooid exercise talking when a man is not in blood for it. Ha! ha ! ha !' And he laughed in concert with the heavy tread of bia steeled boot, along his walk. ' In my mind tbe so'dier gives good advice without pay,' snid Murrogh, wirha com- \- pciBuro wbioh Fergus did not expect. 'Ah, Mr. Frank, if you wish to thrive in thi* world you must sometimes keep a curb on . your temper. 'Tis a fool's part to preach now, but I pray, my patron, fiat your warm temper play us -no more pranks while we are together. It would not be safe, at this moment, tt> enter those gate's. T^eae soldiers are another sort of your honourable men, who do not easily forget an insult offered to their dignity. Scoundrel! It was a ticklish word to a king's man. Well, we will see what's to be done. OlcudB are gathering on the moon. Tbe tide is yet on the flow, and old Columb, theflcberman, if we ask his aid for hi* namesake's love, will give us a oast-over iaaafpfy.' . Frank O'Reilly did not answer. He followed the guide doggedly, resolving, in tbe fancy of his power, to make those suffer in the morning who had thwarted his inclinations. It is some assuagement in his disappointment, or in bis suffering, or in his misery, to man, to fanoy that in bimeelf there is a resource against the power of those who oppose or oppress bim. The thought pleasps his self-love or pride, and begets a confidence wbioh destroys, in a great part, bis feelings of fear, and his sense of danger. O'Reilly felt this ; and ' when he stood again upon the rude bridge which divided the Oladdagh from the street of oabins, his heart beat lighter with the hope of defeating D'Aroy's machinations. Murrogh led them through two or more olose lanes of low, thatobed oabins, and thence,to the strand, where he bade them await tbe eucoess of bis intercession with the fisherman. Columb was easily induced to assist friends. He came fotth from the nearest but with his eon, both habited in the wide trousers of canvas, long blue jacket, and pitched cap of their oalling. A little boat was quiokly unmoored, and as quiekly driven into tbe middle of the stream by the stout arms of the rowers. They were obliged to keep Ugh against the cnrrent, which -ran strongly from the West Bridge,' in order to make the landing at the inner fortifications of the town. The moon, densely clouded, was favourable totheir'oon- cealment, ,and the walls along the river, though fast suffering deoay,. pfforded screen enouuh from the observation of any chanoe patrol of the garrison. Feigns was the first to leap npon the stepB which led to the fisherman's quays, and the first to feel the joy of their safe passage. He thanked the 'fisherman kindly, and slipped into his hand a silver piece. 'Ton nrait take- yonr' money back, my master,' said the honest boatman. ' I have given you the cast-over for kindness. It is not oar custom to charge friends.' ' Well, my good man,' Fergus replied, ' I hope yet to be able to 'pay you in. yonr own •way.* " ' I don't doubt ypu will, sir,' replied the boatman; 'I don't doubt it. That faoe belongs to a bind heart. . Good-night, my friends, and St. Oolumb speed yon on your jotfrogrj', ... : The . little boat again was in the current, contending with its surly waves. , * Xfetf jM bgd not. time to mokp reflections ,011 thp oUg)^, wbioh surrounded him. He ^oUqwf'd hif- igqmpanions with • light and 4<wfc:Jtfq9i <flon>M tha open spacetbat lay etween the wharf and the buildings, and ound himself, after turning the corner of a projecting building, in a email pqoare, called the Spanish Parade, then inhabited" by citizens of the better class. From a house in one of the angles confused and low sounds of. the human voice bsoke upon the stillnets around. Thithqc their guide, bent bis feteps, and was qaickly admitted, after the firot tap at the-dour, into a atroug glare of light. ' CHAPTER XVII. When the dazzling effect of the sudden transition from (he dimness without into a stroDg light had passed, and allowed him to see around, Fergus perceived that he was in' the shop, drinking and cooking apartment-of. a house of entertainment, such as it was at the time. A ponderous.iron lump, fed with oil, and hanging iroro the ceiling, threw out a Btrong light, which played upon the whitened waits. A heap of turf and of bogwood, nearly reduced to .one bright burning mass, and of sufficient power to roast an ox, diffused its heat and light. Around it lay, ip ordered confusion, cauldrons and potn, saucepans of iron and of copper. It was a double blessing to have them there. Some, in their simmering and in their delicious steam, gave hope to our travellers of the enjoyment of the savoury contents; and the others served in lieu of a rampart against the heat'—in this, rendering tolerable the peoanoe which their wilful tniitrtpa tnjoined upon all lipr guests; averring that, 4 *ihi)sc she was. alive, and mistress of tbe " Salmon," whoaegood fame no person could gainsay, blessed be Providence ! and whilst she was able, even to tiie cutting of the wood and tiirf with her o-wn hftnds, sho would beep up -he old custom of tier family, which was to have a gnod fire, and a warm one, on ber hearlb, every houi; of every day in the year.' Bi;lichen of oak; with seats tor the accommodation of guests, ran along tho walls, which warn wainscoted to the height of three feet with the same material.' A fourth of the apartment was 8«cred to tbe priest eye of tbii« itmpia of good cbec-r, where, enthroned in bor t-aucutiry—a fquare, wooden enclosure, with an open front and counter—she dispensed her favours in forms mn fct accvptKblo to her hungry and thirsty visitors. A half-dtzen steps of atone, in the farthest corner, led to flagged vestibule, from whicb opened, on the game level, some two or three tooms, where uuests who could afford it were waited on with the ' due attendance and decorum' proportioned to their means of payment. From he same vestibule a broad tWirenFe led up o the sleeping apartments of the ' Salmon.' If we say the houce was notable for its comforts ; that it was graced at eating hours, not only by gentlemen of'the 6ea—its moBt numerous patrons—but even' by civic gentlemen of undoubted fortunes ; that its boards were heaped with plenty—aye, even not to the exclusion of delicacies; that tbe beds were well aired and dean,; that the attendants were agreeable ; "and, above all, that the hostess herself (setting apart her prerogative of lecturing on tbe follies of her household, among whom were comprehended ber poorer guests, and which prerogative never went into' abeyance) wai tbe inost kind hearted, obliging hostess in the world—we will say more in its commendation than can be said -with truth of many of its more celebrated kindred in these enlightened days of gastronomic menage. It was evident that late hours of worship at fanes dedicated to good living was not in fashion at the time. Esther Moran, or the Widow Moran, or Mrs. Esther, her common appellative among her better visitors, held an ordinary three hours after noon, for gentlemen of every profession and,trade who preferred regular hours with short aooonnts and substantial fare to their contraries After the turmoil of preparation which attended these daily festive meetings, it was her custom to indulge herself in gfving forth' her orders to'her. handmaidens front a^ highbaoked 'carved Chair of oak—a family inheritance. At these times of eaee, when'the] whole activity of the good dame's spirits could evaporate through the inedinm 'of a member the most restless of man as well as of woman, it was fortunate for her girls of service if spine gossip's, patron's-, or chance; guest's entrance engaged her. attention. .It was pending a zealous recommendation of the merit and of the usefulness of being employed every minute of the day, enforced precedents of many 4 who lived to _ be mistresses of their own houses by their in dustry and care,' that Murrogh and bis fellow-traveller a entered. ! The hostess' examination of her visitors was a short but keen one. Sbe arose from ber seat of ease, and asked them, in a courteous manner what was their wieh. You and I are old friends, Mrs. Esther,' said O'Reilly, pulling off_ his oap, and uu. buttoning the jaok from his neck. • On my good life, it is Mr. Frank him self!' paid the hostess, with eyes ol welcome. 'And where have you been, sir, these weeks? You have been badly missed in the "Salmon," and all your friends and well-wishers pray jng. for your speedy retnrn. 1 Give dowfa seats to the gentlemen—they are cold—you sluts! And Mr. D'Arcy himself was here to- day at dinner. He inquired for yon, and seemed sorely vexed that there waq no aocount of you here. And ypur father-—" 'Did D'Arcy and my father make in qtiirieB?' interrupted O'Reilly. •No, I was not going to say yonr father wsb here; but Mr. D'Arcy did, with his own month. Your Bursa oame here yester day, jnst as the clock struck noon, found out fom btt ihat tbe old -gentleman was anzjuoju sbimt, yo>i. gjYob we that, jfr., Frank; I ,flw*se,WA tor «msi heart would - • ivw. '—- '•*- tp, yfv, — ^.jfc^ep. him einee. I /pap w w y that his h^rt .was, .juqu, the light place.., ?ut you must give up seme acquaintances. "Well, I fee you don't like 1 should tpeak on this subject before strangerB. You'will 'takie something, though ; and you will lodge here for the night. We have rooms enough, thank beaten. However, ft is not every nightvisitor we receive. Bessy, slut, light a fine the gentlemen s rooms.' ' Do we stop here for tbe night ?' Frank inquired pJF his guide. ' You are at your own will, sir,' Murrogh answered,, ' Mr. Fergus does.' ' It seems we have liberty to sup with you, Mrs. Esther,' said O'Reilly, in a tone of mock submission, to whose mind the cold and stern reply of Murrogh brought back the rough treatment he suffered from him before the West Gate. 'What will you, Mr. Frank? Some.of your favourite, hagh, with, mulled apd toasted apple ? It is lights and (jood. aft^r cold and fatigue.' ' The hash, by all means, the hash, HietreeP Esther; but the ale—faugh ! 'My,'stomnpb is dtenched with it for these last daja Ybtt won't grudge, for old friendship's sake, to go ont of'rale this once—some of your good old wine, the mild' old port of G-al way, and of tbe "Salmon'* especially, Mrs. Moran.' ' There is no comin'g 1 'up 'to you, Mr r Frank; you; would . flatter ' the- saints .'io heaven, themselves,• to do you a service and what can a poor lone widow like, ma do sgniust youf But your pockets must be hefivy to ask for the wine. Youknow, when you get the taste of i.t, a.small quantity will not serve your turn.' ; _ , ,, : i ' Not a doit in my' pocket, mistress of mine,' said Frank." "'Tut it to' the 0I4 score; and, by Jove, Fortune cannot be sriclj jilt that I will riot be tible to dear all sopie day of the year.' • : ' ; ' Hear you .that naw/ replied the hostess ; and the gentleman well knows he can expect nothing from. a. soul living except the oid map, his father, He takes little pains, Gad help him; to, gain auything fromi that quar'er.' ! 'But the wine, Mrs.. Esther; the wine and hneh. When the wants of tho outei! man are (.atisfied 1 we will listen with mora comfort of soul and of body to your goodly advioe—and may profit by it, too.' Fergus, who had stood from his entrance in the middla;of the floor, without speaking, thought that his interference was now necessary. He offered his. purse to the landlady of the "Salmon," saying to her that Mr* O'Reilly's entertainment should be at his expense ' Mercy of heaven on me ! what have I' to do with your bag of silver, sir P' exclaimed the. hostess, rejecting the purse. 4 Ah ! •young man, I f$as easily got, easily spent. You must be more cautious in exposing the thing those' days. You may thank heaven you oame to an boneet house; for I know many who would give you but a short tjmq of prayer for the sake 'of the gold or the silver, as it may be, which' that leather holds. Will you go to the room, or will you be served here ? I mnst have my way with Mr. Frank, sir;. but I would not grudge the oldest and the best in my. house to his father's son, and to his fripnds into thd bargain.' Ab no interruption was expected, the oung men preferred taking their refreshafint wbere they were. ' Ha ! where is our good guide, Fergus ? said O'Reilly, when 0*Eeahe had seated himself hear him. Fergus started, and looked around. Mur rogh had disappeared without his notice. ' Where has the man gone ?' oried Fergus leaping from his seat. 'He has in his possei-sion papers of importance belongipg to me.' ' You should have looked to_that .before. Slid his companion. ' I. fear, just now, yoi^ have a dull chance of their recovery.' The saints defend us'l' exclaimed Mrs. Esther. 'My own hands bolted the door and it remains so. The man stood here just when I entered to bring the wine. Pray hbaven, he was nothing bad in man's shape Have any of-you seen him,sluts?' • You Mow, mistress, I could only see his] feet;and his big coat,' answered a tall, strap-j ping girl, employed in her nightly oflcupstion of scouring the iron aqd copper ware of the': household. . ' Hold yonr tongue, Mipy; you speak nonsense,' said her mistress. 4 Bessy, have you seen the man go ?' • 4 Is it I, ma'am i' exclaimed a tidy- looking •wench, raising an arch ;pair of eyes from some darning work.; Vliord, ma'am, I only looked at the man opoe, and I thought then he was something, for his eyes looked fire when he saw; the young gentleman beyond hand you his pursp/ . . i 4 Yes, yon biith have eyes when and where they are not wanting,'' said the discomfited matron. 4 Where is Tom'P 'In the oellar, mistress; I will go for him.' said the more lively girl. 'No, hussy* mind your work! Well, gentlemen, that beats out anything I know of. You must know him j ,he came in yonr y^lle ^b % three .h^urjB' acquaintance of mine, good da^e,''replied O'Reilly, ! and during the time I believed him more knave than ghost. I can take'tbe measure of dan, I think, at bis first going off, as well as if l was an age his ioomrade. My friend here, on whose faruBt I took him, may anAwer for his own opinions of him.'- ' : •" •By my honest word,' Fer&us; said have not seen bim before this night. ' £ had directions to meet him: He was at the plaoe, and at tbe Ume- He answered to the name, with whlchif^P 4«eoted;to bail him I g&YP; ihimj^y lj&k; ^pH ^P tq tbis he Jias dppe j#tfly rUos?. J oan ^^.hfijiet^ Did be show you his faoe, Fergus P* hispered O'Reilly *o his ' ' "A , _ ' No, in truth,' taid young D Keane; I ecollect he was anxious to conceal it. But what then ? He _kn«jw, the purport of onr ourney, and he-har brought us safe.' ' Ah, yes, be had good reasons, I suspect, for oondacting nie; safely.'. I;bave;a potion, oo, that his'vojo^ was^feigned; I caught the natural tone upon the bridge. It sounded like tea podr Wind's offrntofc, who is now trouble. By. JsraMheir shape and size for .my part, I can have ibciifldenoe in a churl'who had'no.'eopfidence in me.' 'Well, to sa^sfy ypui_wa,^fiJV kpk o h^m,' said, F^W., . Tbe , tenth, ho doubted, more than onoeduriflg'^e jgurnpy, the eiucerity of tke guide, thop^h he .wished not, for obvious reft sons, tb'c&'mmutiioatfe f}is thoughts 'to his compahiaM.''' : "Tf he/wete questioned, he'could nbt ; fexactly' givb'' a reason for his jnugivings. •The ' gaSJW's desire for the concealment of bia. features might arise, he thought, from his .igntaanbe of the change ifi.O'RpUly'a dispqsitio|,"who was so well knowu.^Sj t,he :co.nii>^t^an,'pf D'Arcy, His conti&pa3;,..f^«afl» • joiurney might, bava tho "fame jnptw; and his 'deviation'from "the ipore . frequented. paths : naturally ' appeared'_ tbe conduct' of' a/man engaged, in 1 a busirieftg requiring' secrecy ahd'- ! '«»utWn.. : IWgUs reasoned thus with himself i# favour ; of Murrogh when, any oitoumstan'oB. fW' the journey brought, hack his doubta : Yetlhe was not. ateasein his. ooflnpany^) .There was something ^bput Muccogh he. ^Jd^.npt fathom." His sgp w^e pplj; a «pesp Jb.qt^en e 'flitted 'before 'the ydpnfc men With an unearthly, 1 rapid stridor bis feotly'motionles8 , ) now Jangling by'hisfci'dBS, whilst his head and hack were bent forward with the. weakness .of i an age beyond bis prime. From . tbew recoljectiops! > oame Fargus' sudden ^uestiop; ;:opneefping,. She aiirappepraucp, of tpe guidft, fJH^VfiF- Batiou. w^ich followed .gatypj , lji» , (l^iflMe to judge of the impropriety ; o^ fipire^smg his tears; he, therefore,-tboukhstill anxio^is, proposed to his companion, in J a toni^''of jest, but 1 with an earnestness (oT.' ph'rpoje, \- search'for the gtiide. '(.'• ' ; ')'• 'Mistress, give,.me yourasftistanoej' said ergus. ' This doDr from fcfceatepg leads to ther rooms , in your housf>Tf-»re willies if he dhost has disappeared $rpu) thpmi tpo,'-t 4 Well, you see now,? said Mrf,,.Estjh^r, ' the Lord help my wits I I never thpught of the rooms. AJi .' «irls., yqw.^yes, dull, and your tongues Bilent, wh^n you should ep'etfk iund : see. " Oh, milleatAUrfer, sir! If the- man be a thief aiid steals my old silver tankard, or the bran^newebrisrlets, or any of the loose furniture '. 1 Well-, if there be justice for any moBejtrin; Galway, I will have tbe villain-flogged from ^te to gate, and twenty lashes to boot, - sure ^s my name is Esther Morfkn. Unh^qk; the lamp, hussies—we'll seek for tbi villftiii.' .. 4 Haye patience, good Ijlrs. Esther .! !!fhe robber ifl a'defp'er^te 'and Strong].jio might 'inflict some iiijury on' yon^ "What, tbenj would the ordinairy of the" Salmon" doT' said O'Reifly, unwilling to be disturbed before he discussed the merits of the'hash and of the wine. 'You will go, Mr. FergnB? Here is to. your success, though I opine .the • toast will not gain the f;nit of its .prayer.* The sleeping-rooms, the dining-. meats, \yere examined in vain-. JJp, trace of Mu'rrogh's. visit to them, appeared, muc^ fo the oonBolation of the landlady', who deolar|d 'that yet he was ah hone'at villw^/though she was heartily glad to bp rid o^ nimi, ' ^ 'Have you no other'•dodr'by a wMcn."the man oould leave the housel, Mrs. Morttf P-'He might have business in thetownibifore rest,' said Fergus, earnestly/' tfeongh ;he>iwas still unwilling.to entertain hiscompanion's,notion of the guide'js treachery..; - - s >*•< I> ' We baye .a, passage ®}btyh,lsads tpe vard ; but th$ mail poujd .'not .flifct, T'm sure.' ' . i • 1 ' • ujtiii' «WA will exatolne it, ,the^ ^s.'Esttey replied Fergus. 11 ' ' " . ' ' . ' " , j •' The hostees'' nndrew, hanging S®*een along the wall'of the dtnlng-room,' wbioh exposed a ' small' door, diUcovefitfg;' r^wb'en opened,- a flight of stone -steps deiotndlng 'to a narrow and low- paved paisage-' Atithe 9nd of this, another: door: oommntriofttad with the yard, vyhich was fpupd to ,bg wpe^-.j jTko girls and. ^h'e man-servant, ffho, ih^ j?Wfid thpm wer? qsestione^jby the^ neglect of the safety tf her bouse.,, .OflP^P* them declared that 'she had bem m'MO yard only an hour b'ioki and that'fhe recollected well that she had seoured t^ 'flodr with bolt airidahtfin." -.•..••nt.fiv. n.l! (To be'milipued.)' Tbe Daily Newt Reports thlat at OdhstliUtinople" 4 great difficulties are' anting feom the faot thiat4he Turkish.police are'dosing all the Enropean spirit mhope, on ,<the plea that (.tyydefliojcattsethe TprkiBh pppuUUon,'' and that the iion^ujat^ ftre invaded ^yidrow^s 9,f pePR 1 ® pf Jthe jwN^.V ^il. jiviflw sldh hmiib^?,' eru'ptions, rheum, frbst^f^ chililkiffl, 1 !^ }" barbsreitch. J • •.'' >ir( 1..-»-.< v.'n-V.mifi That the home and foreign Pressf'ls ^bit iii thehabitofwithc&ding;>r^Ba;when /jufctly«nfe, is proyed by the y^nntary encpmiulotiitftsMd npon that , agreeable .m^icate^l bef#Qge, WOLFB'B SCHNAt-p's, by rej^utabtej M^fRaPSJ 8 and'perio'dicais both here, ana anroaML^Mse exprassion#of ophiion; , 'ahd thbb^yf aftrwHr thousand physiaians, 're^eho' tht I /-j ila J<s 3i .t^^ 