MISS ANGEL. hatter xxix. — sorrow's keenest Wind, (continued.) '? id she -kept her word ; but though she did i «peak die drooped, the blithe spirit was Her friends were lull of anxiety and ..itude. Lady Diana used to come every j_.utie aiiss rveynoias usea to amve on ? ??--, slowly creaking the door- handle, as if a , of the latch would add or detract from ?r Angelica's barrenness of heart. Every ? y had a different prescription, but none aed her. i'or some months Angelica Kauffmann ».ed strangely altered : she had no word to . :, nothing to feel or to express. Such ? --^ come to all : night foils, the winter of . ?Hscontent covers and hushes the songs and . 'iimes and blooming garlands of summer i ;. She had nothing more to say to any ? - \\\ She had said so much in so few words, ?? so much in a few minutes, that now there . .aed nothing left. She kept silence with ?? father ; she would endure his solicitude in ? igged, stupid sort of way. One day Lady ? . .ia folded her in her arms in a sudden burst indignation. ' My poor, poor friend 1' she ? i. 'Yes,' Angel answered, 'and this is . .'?: the beginning : it gets worse and worse.' 1 ? The low-bom, knavish, insolent wretch !' '-.i Lady Diana, whose own pride had been iously touched by the remembrance of past arrenccs. 1 You have a right to be angry,' said An : lea, blushing up angrily ; ' but he did love -. I am not his superior in birth, he loved . ? : not you,' she repeated, with a strange :;ei laugh. The laugh went on and then : -nged into a great flood of, tears. '-'? You will see it differently some day,' said .-.\y DI ; ''you do not remember how you ? .- ^ been insulted. Have you no dignity, no ule, to resent such treatment ?' ?' I think not,' said Angel, hanging her head ?A speaking in a hard and dogged tone. ' I a utterly and hopelessly disgraced. I see it : every face I meet. What use is there in talcing of it all? Nobody can understand :'.?-?, and' even you will not understand that I ? v.-e some sincerity of feeling in my heart.' Her sorrow made her quite reckless of what :-;_' owed to other people, though not indif -zat to their blame. It seemed to her as if i eyes were upon her. It was not all imagination on Angelica's part » '-.en she thought that people were looking at ? r, counting her poor heart throbs, scanning r lonely tears. She was a well-known ?. iracter. This curious romance crept abroad ?:n one source and another. Gossip was .:ter managed in those days than now, and arsons of a larger mind were interested in the : ivatc details which then took the place of ifise public facts in which persons are now . isorbed. Mr. Reynolds was discreet in vain ; it pro . ?. iked him to hear the poor girl's name in every ?.itHith. Wherever he went he was cross uestioned. Some blamed, some laughed, all V.ked. Lady Diana used to bite her lips with vexa :L-n. What cannot one or two good friends -complish? The influence of this man and ; !:ls woman worked wonders in' Angel's behalf. ? lieir steady friendship saved her from the ill ? -pinion of many who were ready to accept tie ? rst version that was given to them, and who :e!t it incumbent upon them to judge, with or -without facts to go upon. Angel refused all invitations ; she could scarcely be persuaded to ?40 out into the street. Lady Diana was most ?iuxious* to carry hei away then an/1 there to her own country-house in Hampshire, of which mention has been made. But Angelica seemed \j have a nervous horror of any change, any effort. One day, a long lime before, a Mr. St. Leu, a barrister and art critic, had been speak ing of some of Angelica's work to Mr. Rey nolds. ' It is graceful,' the critic had said, ' but over-strained and affected. Everything is too toideur de roseate- rose for my plain common sense. I know the old father: a friend of his, M. Zucchi, an Italian, gave him a letter to me. The fair Angelica I have not -e«n ; but her work does not attract me.' . *' You have scarcely entered into her inten tion.' Mr. Reynolds had said, gravely. 'JTo her charming nature the whole world is a garden of happiness. She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life — to us older people it is, perhaps, the only real sorrow — does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for her pictures if she had less confidence, but for herself it would not be so well,' said the painter. One day, after poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. ' How is your friend Miss Kauffmann?' the critic asked, quite kindly. ' Poor lady ! I fear her ex perience has been bitter enough to take the roses out of her garland for a long time to come. I am expecting a visit from her and her fathei at my chambers,' he continued; 'they are coming this afternoon, on business connected with the house they live in.' M. St. Leu's staircase led from under the covered way that crosses from Inner Temple Lane. The stair-case abuts upon a quaint old wig-shop, that cannot be much altered since the days when Angelica looked in through the narrow panes at the blocks and the horse- hair curls perched upon their shining cranes. ' I will wait for you here, father,' said she ; 'itisoutof thewind. I do not care to go up.' The nervous terror of meeting strangers was still upon her. She smiled to her father and went and stood in the one sheltered corner ol this windy place, waiting by the wig-shop and leaning against the brick wall. The colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with many lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue bags issuing from old door-ways ; red, and brown, and grey are the tints ; quaint and slight the arches and peristyles, to some minds as quaint and graceful in their mists and wreathing fogs as any flaunting marble or tri umphant Pompeian vista. For a long time Angel watched die passers-by ; listened to the sound of the footsteps. It was a bitter day foi all its spring promise : a fog hung over the streets, the wind came dry and dusty, piercing thiough the damp mist. Angelica waited, in different to it all ; the weather made little dif ference to her in her strange depression. Would anything ever touch her again ? she wondered. It seemed to her as if even trouble could not come near her any more. It is true that interest itself fails at times, and that life ia then very saltless and ashy to the taste ; but even this is a part of life's experience, il honestly accepted. Angel waited, listlessly watching two children descending and climb ing the steps of a piled brown house with an arched doorway. She felt forlorn and out ol plate; other people were living on, progressing, and wording to some end. She had no end, nothing to wish for. Feeling the utter hope lessness of it all, she could see no way out of it, no possible issue. She had never taken into consideration that tide which flows and ebbs, that alternate waking and sleeping which belong to all living emotion. -If our hearts did not beat with alternate pulses, they would not be alive. The children were gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away. (I don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old and worn a hundred years ago as they do now.) One big old man dressed in loose untidy clothes went slowly past, blinking at her from beneath a small scratch wig that scarce covered his big head ; he rolled as he walked along, portly, unsightly. There was a certain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for all his shabby clothes and uncouth gestures. Angelica re cognised the face and strange actions, for she bad seen Mr. Johnson one evening at the play ; that evening when Garrick acted Hamlet. She shrunk away from his steady gaze. He passed on, and went up the staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke-coloured figures went by with the misty miutes. Then by degrees the place became quite silent and deserted, except for certain ghosts of her own fancy, and drifts of smoke and soot, and an odd jumble of recollections. Angel sighed, from present chill depression as much as from any other cause. Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly ; a sort of un reasonable retrospective sense of shame and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands for an instant. 