The Bullet-Hole, By Francois Coffee. At the time when I was employed in the War Office, I had a companion who worked in tbe same room with me, called Jean Vidal, an old non-commlsBioned officer, who had lost his left arm in the Italian campaign, bnt who had still his right hand, the " cunning hand" of a quartermaster, with which he executed all sorts of wonders in tho calligraphic line, round hand, flourishes, Gothic letters, and he could draw a little bird in the final flourish of his signature, with a single stroke cf his pen. He was an upright man, was Vidal, a true type of a pure- hearted and honorable soldier. Though he was scarcely forty then, and there was bnt a sprinkling of gray hairs in his fair Zouave beard, in the offioe we all called him " Pike Vidal," less out of familiarity than out of respect ; for we all knew his honorable, self-denying life down there in his cheap lodg ing at the bottom of Grenelle, where he had taken in his sister, a widow with a tribe of children, and where he supported the whole family on the slender income he.derived from his pension, his cross, and his salary. Three thousand franos for five people I And Pixe Vidal's coats — with the left sleeve, the empty sleove, fastened to the button— were always brushed as if he were going to a review, and the good man was so careful of his red ribbon, which he kept always bright, that he' nsed to take it ont of his button-hole when he carried a parcel in the street. j As I lived in the suburbs toward the south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with P£re Vidal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give an account of his cam paigns, as we walked past the Military School, meeting at every - step— it was- in the latter years of tbe empire — the handsome nniforma of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lancers in white, the artillery officers in their magnificent sombre uniforms, black and gold. It was worth' while to get killed in such a costume as that! Sometimes in the warm snmmer evenings I used to treat my companion to an absinthe— a pleasure that poor Vidal denied himself ont of economy — and we used to sit for half an hour in front of the officers' cafd in the Avenue de la Motte-Piquet. On these days the old quartermaster, who had beoome a sober family man, and was out of tbe habit of taking "appetizers," used to rise from the table with his brain stimulated to heroio thoughts, and I was sure to have some stir ring tale of the wars as we walked home. One evening — I believe, God forgive me, that Pixe Vidal had drunk two glasses ol abBinthe — as we went along that horrid Boulevard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the window of a second hand clothes shop — there are a good many in that quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulettes in the window, and hanging before tbe door, among dirty rags, there was here and there some old officer's coat rotted by the rain and fretted by the sun, with a sort of vagne human resemblance in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal seized my arm with his one hand, and pointed with his Btump to one of these cast-off garments— it was the tunio. of-an African offioer, with its many-plaited .skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into a figure ' of eight on tbe sleeves as the- hussars wear it. " Look here," said he ; " this is the uni form of my old corps— a captain's tunic." As he went nearer to examine it more closely, and read the number engraved on the buttons, he added, enthusiastically : " My own regiment I The First Zouaves !" But all at onee PSre Vidal's hand, whioh : had already seized the skirt of the old tunio, ; grew motionless, -his face darkened, his lips began to tremble, and, looking down, he mattered, in a tone of horror : j " My God ! Supposing it were his ?" i Then, with a sudden movement, he turned the tunio round, bo th&t; I conld see, in the middle of the back, a little round hole is the cloth — a hole mada by a ballet — with a dirty- ; looking blaok ciro'e round it, of dried Hood j probably; an ill looking hole, that mads one j feel both horror and pity, as if it had been a ; wound. ' " Oh, oh!" said I to.PSre Vidal, who /had ; dropped the garment and walked on, with a hurried Btep, hanging his head ; " there is an : ugly scar." ! And, guessing that there was some tale ; attached to it, I added, to goad my torn- j panion into relating it : j " It is not generally in the back thlt a captain of the Zouaves gets hit by a bullet." i But he did not seem to hear me ; he' was muttering to himself, and biting his mens- ! taohe. .1 " How could it have come there ? It is a ' long way from tbe battle-field of Melegsano to the Boulevard de Grenelle. Yes, I know, j there are tbe vultures, who follow the army ' and plunder the corpses. But why just tkere, ; not two steps from the Military School, where j the other's regiment is quartered? And he j must have passed here ; he must have retog- ! niBed it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost." j j " Oome now, Plre Vidal," said I, taking | sy | him by the arm, intensely interested; "you ate not going on talking riddles; you may just as well tell me what that old torn tunio has reminded yon of." But I verily believe that if he had not drank those two absinthes I should never have heard the story ; for when I asked Kim to tell me, PSre Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glanoe at me, then suddenly, as if he had made up his mind, he began to speak, in a dry, hard voioe : Well, then, yes, I will tell you all about it ; for you are a clever young man, and honor able, and I ean trust you ; and you will tell me— honestly, on your conscience — whether yon think I was right to act as I did. Let me see — where shall I begin? Ahl in the first place, I can not tell you hiB name— the other's, I mean, because he iB still alive. I shall have to call him by the nickname we gave him in the regiment. Thirsty, we called him, and he deserved the name, too, lor he was one of those fellows who are never out of the canteen, and would, toss off his twelve glasses of brandy, one for eaoh stroke, when the olook struck twelve. He was ser- geant in the same company where I was quartermaster, and we walked Bide by side in the rankB. A good soldier- capital soldier. A drunkard, quarrelseme, and a brawler, he had all tbe faults of the African army. But he was as brave as an African lion. He was not an easy one to manage— you could .see th&t; with the first look of his sunburnt" face, with its red beard and cold, steel-bine eyes. When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just finished his time ; he re-enlisted, reoeived the bounty, and went, in for a three-days' regular carouse, in the lowest part of Algiers. With four or five boon companions like himself, they drove about all p&oked; in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri-colored flag with the motto, "This can't last forever I" on it. He was brought baok to the barracks with hiB head cut open by a sword wound, that he had got in some Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Some woman there got a kick in the scramble, and died. Thirsty got well ; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. It was the second time he had been put back in the ranks. If it hadn't been for his bad conduct Thirsty would have been an offioer long ago, for be belonged to a very respectable family, and had been well educated. Well, he lost his stripes after the affair with the Moorish woman, bnt he got them baok again eighteen montbB later, at the same time that I myself rose to be sergeant-qnatermaster, thanks to the kindness of the captain, who had great patience with Thirsty. He was an old Atrioan , soldier himself, and had seen him under fire in Kabylie. Bnt just at that time our old captain was promoted and left the regiment, and they Bent us out a young fellow only twenty-eight to take his place. He waB a Corsioan named Gentile, a cold, ambitions man just out of school— a very good officer, they said, but fearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters ; he had never served in Algeria, and he had no notion of any insubordination or disorder. From the very first moment he and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. That they were sure to-be. The first time the ser geant was absent at the roll call he pat him under arreBt for a week ; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight. When the captain— a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustache— ordered him under ar reBt, adding, in a stern tone : " I know you, my friend, and I mean to master you," Thirsty never answered a word, but walked quietly away towards the guard-room ; still I fancy the captain would have lowered his tone a bit, if he had seen how tho na>pcantB" fnoa reddened witli anger, and how his ter rible blue eye flashed as he turned away. » » Meanwhile the- emperor deolared war on Austria, and we were all shifted off to Italy. I pass over the incidents of the campaign and oome to the point at ones. The evening be fore the battle of Melegnon— where I lost my arm, you know — our b&t;&llion; was encamped in a small village, and before we broke ranks the captain made as a little speech— he was quite right, was the captain— reminding us that we were in a friendly country, and that for the honor of the army we shonld be on onr good behavior, and he added that any one who oansed annoyance to any of the in habitants would be punished most severely. While he was making this speech, Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning un steadily on his bayonet — he had emptied a good many glasses since the morning— Bhrugged his shoulders ; but fortunately the oaptain did not notice him In the middle of the night j was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had been sleeping on in the corner of a farm-yard, and by the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young girl in his arms, all torn and dishevelled, and calling on the Madonna and all the saints in heaven to save her. He was struggling furiously, like a lion, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were trying to rescue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentile got there before ; me. With one glance — he had a very com- ; manding glance, had the little Corsioan— he drove baok the sorgeant, cowed ; then when be had spoken a few reassuring words to the girl, in Italian, he came back and stood be fore the culprit, and shaking his finger before the other's face : " They ought to blow out the brains of' wretches like you," said he. " As soon as I can sge the colonel you shall have your ser geant's etripes taken from you ; and it will be for good this time. There will be a battle to-morrow ; you had better try and get killed." We went back to bed again. Bnt the cap tain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. We flew to arms and formed in a column, Thisty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen hi3 fierce blue eyes look more terrible. The batailioc began its march. We were to dislodge the white, coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Melegnanon, which they had fortified with oannon. Forward, march ! We hadn't gone two miles when, bang 1 the Austrian oannon burst over us sidewise and knocked over fif teen of our men. After that the officers, who were only waiting for the order to eharge, made us lie down in the maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained standing themselves, of course, and I ean tell you our captain stood up as straight as any of them. We men, kneeling among the oorn-stalks, kept up an incessant fire on the Austrian battery, whioh was within range. Suddenly I felt some one nudge my elbow. I turned around and saw Thirsty loading his rifle and looking at me with a sort of dare devil smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. "You see the captain?" said he, jerking his head toward that .officer, who was standing at a distance of about twenty feet from us. " Yes ; what of it ?" I answered, looking in the same direction, " What of it ? He ought not have spoken to me as bo did last night?" Then with a rapid, well calculated move ment he levelled his pieee and fired. I saw ths captain, with a sudden, convulsive spasm, throw back his head and beat the air with his hands, then drop bis sword, and fall heavily backward to tho ground. " Murderer 1" I oried, seizing the sergeant's arm.'. ; . But;ho sent- mo rolling two or three feet from him, with a blow in the ohest from the butt-end of his rifle. " Fool ! How will you prove I killed him ?" 1 sprang to my feet, furious ; but all the test cose at the same time. Foi there was oar colonel, bareheaded, on his smoking horse, pointing with his sword to the Austrian bat tery, and shouting with all hia might : "Forward, ZonaveB I Charge with the bayonet 1" What could I do bnt charge with the.r6Bt ? And it was a fine thing, too, the charge of the Zouaves at Melegnano ! Have yon ever seen a heavy sea beating against a rook? Yes? Well, that is just what it was like. One after the other, three companies rushed np there like a wave over a rook. Three times the battery was covered with the blue ooats and red breeches, and three times we saw the embankment bristling with its cannons' mouths reappear like the rook when the wave h&B; spent itBelf. But the fourth company, that was oars, aarried the place. For myself, in twenty strides I reached the redoubt ; and helping myeelf with the bntt-end of my rifle, I clambered np the embankment; I had jnst time to see % blue cap, a pair of fair moustaches, and the muzzle of a gun was almost touching me ; and then I felt snch a blow on my left shoulder that I thought my arm had been torn off ; I turned giddy, dropped my rifle, rolled over on my side by a wheel of one of the gnn-oarriages, and fainted away. When I opened my eyes again there w&b; only a faint sound of musketry in the dis tance. The Zouaves were there, standing in a sort of disorderly half- oirole, shooting, " Long live the Emperor 1" and waving their rifle's at arm's length in the air. An old general with his aide-de-camp came galloping up ; he stopped his horse, took off his gold-striped cap, and waved it joyfnlly, shouting : " Well done, Zouaves 1 Yon are the finest soldiers in the world !" I sat up, leaning against the wheel of the gun-carriage, holding my broken paw, dis mally, in my right hand, and I began to re member Tbirsty's horrible crime— shooting his captain from behind, on the battle-field. All at onoe he left the rankB and oame forward toward the general. The very man himEelf, . Thirsty, the captain's murderer I He had lost his fez in the fray, and his olose shaven head was bare, with a wound aoross it, from which a narrow stream of blood trickled over his forehead and down his cheek. He was lean ing on his gun with one hand, and in the other he held an Austrian flag, all torn and blood-stained, a flag he had taken from the enemy. The general looked at him with the great est admiration. "Just, look at that, Bricourt said he. turning to one of his aids-de-e&mp.; " There's & man for you 1 He'll have the arose." And. repeating, " Fine fellow 1 fine fellow 1" he turned to his aid-de-camp again and said something I did not understand — you know I am only an ignorant man — but that I remem ber all the same: " Isn't that worthy of Plutarch, Bricourt ?" And then the pain in my arm was so great that I fainted away again, and heard nothing more. You know what followed. I have often told you how they haoked about my shoulder, and how I lay in the ambulanoes for two months with fever and delirium. And in my restless, wakeful hours, I was always- won dering what I ought to do about Thirsty. Ought- I to denounce him ? I thought I ought. But then, what proofs had I to show ? And, after all, if he was a scoundrel, he was a brave soldier. He had killed Captain Gentile, but he had taken a flag from the enemy ? I conld not make up my mind what to do. When at length I began to get better, I learned that, as a reward for his brilliant con duct, ThirBty had been promoted into the \- regiment of - ZonaveB of the Guard;' and- that they had given him the Cross of the Legion of Honor. For the first moment it made me feel disgusted with my own.oross, th&t; the colonel had bronght me in the hospital. And yet, after all, Thirsty deserved hie as well as I did mine; but he deserved, too, that his ribbon shonld serve ae a target for a file of men told off to shoot him. All that hap pened long ago, and I have never seen the sergeant sinoe ; he is still in ths servioe, while I have turned civilian. Bnt, jnst now looking at that tunic with its ballet-hole — and God knows how it ever got there ! — hang ing there in the shop, with the barracks were the murderer is quartered only a few yards off, I remembered that crime that had gone unpunished, and it seemed as if the oaptain 's ghost oried ont for jnetioe. I quieted Pdre Yidal as best I oould, for his story had made him in a great state of excitement. I assured him that he aoted for the best, and the heioio conduot of the ser geant of Zouaves had fully b&l;&noed; bis crime. But a few days after, when I went into the office, Yidal handed me a newspaper, folded so that I could only see one paragraph, and remarked, solemnly : " What did I tell you?" I took the newspaper, and this is what I read : " Another Victim of Intemperance. — Yesterday afternoon, on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a man named Mallet, commonly called Thirsty, asergeant in the ZonaveB of the Imperial Guard, who had been drinking deeply in all the pnblio houses of the neigh borhood, with two of his companions, was suddenly seized with an attack- of delirium tremens, while he Was looking at some old uniforms hanging in the windows of a second hand clothes shop. He ran down tbe street, brandishing his sword and spreading terror before 'him. The two soldiers who accom panied him had the greatest difficulty in mastering the madman, who kept shooting, with fury: " I am not a murderer I - 1 took a flag from the Austrians at Melegnano 1" We are informed that Mallet really was de corated for the gallant act, and that nothing bnt his inveterate drunkenness has prevented his being promoted to the rank of an offioer. Mallet was taken to the military hospital, the Gros-Caillon, whence he will shortly bo 're moved to Charenton, as it is doubtful if tbe unfortunate man will ever reoover hie reason." As I gave back the newspaper to Yidal, he looked earnestly at me ana added : " Captaip Gen'tile was a Corsican. He has taken his revenge 1" 'Tis Pitiful the things by whioh we are rioh or poor — a matter of coins, coats and carpets, a little more or less stone, or wood, or paint, the fashion of a oloak or hat ; like the luck of naked Indians, of whom one is proud in the possession of a glass bead or red feather, and the rest miserable in the want of it. All vice stands upon a precipice. To engage in any sinful course is to ran down the hill. If we once let loose the propensities of our nature, we cannot gather in the xeine and govern them as we please; it is mneh easier not to begin a bad course than to stop when begun. Life is not a dreary waste; on the contrary, it is full of joy and beanty; and j to tbe strong, reliant sonl, who has faith and j hope, it Is lull of goodness ; but beauty most I be in tbe mind, and goodness in tire heart, or : neither will be seen in the world. ' j Whatever it be that keeps the finer faculties of the mind awake, wonder alive, and tlu/inlc-rcst above mere eating aind drinking, rooi.e.r-aiaking and money-Baving, whatever it- be that gives gladnesa, or hope, or sorrow, | this, be it violin, pen, or-highest of all, the : love of woman, Is simply a divine gift of | holy influence for the B&lv;&tion; ol th&t; being» lifting him out of the mire, and upon tbe rook. l ' Flamborough Head-— The cliffs are seen at their greatest height near Flamborough Head, where they have an altitude of nearly five hundred feet, and a more imposing view can not be imagined than that which they present to an observer on the esplanade at Bridlington Quay. They reach out in a splendid sweep miles long, and a dazzling white in color. They are sheer from top to bottom. From the rolling arable land winch 8tretchesback from them a deep fringe oE brown mud has been washed down, and against their white faces it looks like a row of tassels. Down below is the sea, sharp and diamond pointed, which beats up against them in some places, and in others leaves a narrow edge of beach, set with shining white boulders and black fragments of wreakage. At the end. of tbe curve the Head itself is thrust like a wedge into the sea. Solid and defiant as it looks, the sea has not left it un- scarred. Massive pillers have been separated from it, which foretell of future encroach ments, and the waves have eaten deep, mysterious caverns in it, through which the wind moans with unsilenceable grief. One of these caverns is called Robin Lyth's Hole, and form3 a tunnel from tbe land to the sea. Tbe entrance is low and difficult, but when it is passed, the explorer finds him self in a sepulchral chamber, dark, dripping and reverberant, with a roof fifty feet high. The rock is of variegated colors, and polished by the attrition of the seas, which the eastern gales send driving in. The floor seems to have been built by human hands instead of by the thoughtless gnawing of the elements. Sometimes a shaft of sunlight finds its way into the mouth, and then every drop of . water beading on the wall9 becomes a jewel, and tbe rocks reveal their iridescent splen dors. On the summit of the Head there is a lighthouse, with a lantern two hundred and fourteen feet above high-water mark, a small fishing village, and the ruins of an old castle, in which Robert the Third of Scotland was confined after his capture by a privateers- man as he was escaping to France. Poor knights. — These can be made out of slices of stale bread neatly trimmed. They should be about;-: half an inch thick, and should either be. cut in fingers, squares, or some other shape. Soak the pieces in milk long enongh to soften them, but not to break. Drain the pieces and fry in boiling dripping until nicely browned on both sides. Place them on kitchen paper to drain, and then serve with jam or marmalade, put between every two slices ; scatter some castor sugar on the top and serve. Three Varieties-— A contemporary says that of three varieties of loudness— that of dress, laughter and talk — the first. is the most pardonable, since we have only to close our eyes and we areN not offended by it. "We believe," it says, "that pyscbologists are agreed that !the ha-ha laugh indicates a cultured mind, and the he-he laugh a shallow mind, and a ho-ho-ho-e laugh a gross mind. Art of Glass Carving-— At one time glass surpassed gold not only imvalne as a ma terial, but in forms of vases and drinking vessels wrought into various patterns by means of wheels and points. An artiole of this kind was considered a worthy present for a king. Glass earring is a br&noh; of the art of carving preoioaa stones began by the lapidary savage and improved with more or less ability by workers in arohaia times and earliest civilizations. In the Greek and Roman periods, when the glyptic art was en couraged as a whole, oarring on glass may be said to have reaohed its zenith. Perhaps it is to the later Greeks and Romans that we , are indebted for the finest work of the kind. Colored glasses were generally preferred to glass of only one color lot- oarring; and at - the present time oameo'work upon a ground of a different eolor, is growing in favor of the educated and wealthy at home and abroad.. To England is due the honor of reviving the art of glass earring. Grace Before Meat. — This oustom is more prevalent in Sootland than in England. With the " goody " people grace it said not only before breakfait and dinner, bnt even when the slightest refreshment is taken. In deed in the/Highlands, especially in Sutherland and Rosshire, it is customary when a "dram" is given to BBk a " blessing " over the "mercy.", The following good story is told ' of a Highlander, to whom a " snuff " was of fered :— Tbe fragrant mixture was put on the baok of his hand, and as it was a something to take, he -said it would only be right to ask- a blessing over it. So the good'-man closed his eyes, and began Blowly to repeat the bless ing or short prayer. A sudden gust, of wind, however, blew the snuff from off bis hand, on which he remarked, — " Ob, it couldna' be & mercy at all,.wheitit wouldna' wait for the gude God's blessing "to . be asked over it!" -.. 7. Krupp, the great gon-maker, Bays that he never_ succeeded in business until he begair drinking beer. If the young men aronnd he - don't succeed it won't be their fault. 