HENRY KENDALL'S POEMS. TBt A.T.C.1 Ever since the death of Henry Kendall, in 1882, there has been a general demand amongst those who do not wholly neglect Australian literary effort for a complete edition of the poet's works. Unlike Gordon, who at the tame of his melancholy death Btill had portions of his first editions on flie bookseller's shelves, the three small volumes which Kendall had pro duced had been long out of print, and so manv nnnnln in' the colonies had grown to know the poet by reputation only. Messrs. Creorge Robertson & Co. have now satisfied the desire referred to by publishing in a casket, well worthy of the poetical gems which it contains, a handsome edition of Kendall's works. No more beautiful edition of any Australian author has ever been pre sented to the public. Particularly to young Australians, who have not been entirely carried away by the physical hero-worship which has mainly character ised our youth for the post decade or so— to those who have not altogether sub verted the cultivation of intellect, the publication of this book will indeed be a pleasure. With the exception of Charles Harpur, who may be called the father of poetry in these lands, Henry Kendall is the only native-born bard who has so far risen to any eminence as a singer of the south. Therefore the coming generations will cherish his memory with national pride ; his name will I am sure never be allowed to pass into the oblivion which overtakes all but the princes of literature, but will always be associated with the first sweet note3 of the Australian harp. The particulars of Kendall's life are so well known that the merest summary of them will suffice for the present purpose. He was born among the cedars of the Ulladulla district in New South Wales, and 'while still a boy went away sperm-whaling in the southern seas. Returning when about 16 years of age he became a clerk in a solicitor's office, and in this position made rapid mental development. Having subsequently ob tained a post in the public service, he married Charlotte, the daughter of Dr. Rutter, and was in a fair way to lead a happy life. Unfortunately, he inherited a pitiable weakness for alcohol, and when he emigrated to Melbourne in search of preas and literary employment his life became most wretched, if we may accept as correct his own sad history of these days. He returned to Sydney, and his life there was even worse, but after some years he pulled himself out of the alough of despond, and a short time before his death received a remunerative employment from the Go vernment as Inspector of Forests. This is how he spoke of his dark days in the poem entitled ' On a street ' — I only hear the brtrtal corse Oi landlord clamoring for his pay ; And jonder is the pauper's hearse . That comes to take a child away. Apart, and with the half grey head Of sudden ace, again I see Ihe father writing by the dead Xo earn the undertaker's fee. ' Ko tear at all is asked for him, A drunkard well deserves his lite ; Bat voice will quiver, eyes grow dim For her, the patient, pure young wife ; Ihe gentle girl of better days, An frimiii as & mwrcfaiTi lawn ? Who used to choose untrodden ways And place at night her rag3 in pawn. Hare I no word at an for him Who used down fetid lanes to slink, And squat in taproom corners grim, And drown, his thoughts in dregs of drink ? This much ni say, that when the flame Of reason reassmnedus force, Tbe Hell the Christian fears to name Was Heaven to his fierce remorse. The death of his child Araluen, whom he loved with a poet father's love, no doubt hastened Kendall's own end, but before he died he enshrined her memory in some beautiful verses — Take this rose and very gently place it on the tender, deep Mosses where our little darling, Araluen, lies asleep. Put the blossom close to baby— kneel with me, my love, and pray ; We must leave the bird we've buried, say good-bye to her to-day. None will ever, Araluen, nestle, where you used to be, In my heart of hearts, you darling, when the world was new to me; We were young when you were with us, life and love were happy filings To your father and sour mother, ere the angels arave you wings. Be saved himself too late, and he found sterling friends too late, for he died In 1882 at the early age of 41. Mrs. Kendall is now, we are happy to know, in a position under the Government of the mother colony. A little more distinctive than Harpur, and less vigorous or varied than Gordon or Brunton Stephens, yet Kendall is the most musical of the quartette of singers which has graced the first epoch of our un developed national literature. His wonder ful flow of graceful words, his perfect rhythm, his artistic perception of* form, and his suggestive tenderness, are indeed wonderful in one who was a self taught man. No British poet, under the same conditions, ever excelled him in the mastery of poetical technique — not even Robert Burns, who is often defective in his workmanship, although divine in his inspiration. Kendall is Australia's sylvan poet, and when he sings of nature as portrayed in dells and mountain recesses, and rippling creeks, it is with the voice of a charmer. He loves continually to entice the reader into the cool retreats of woodland delights. In almost any of his poems you will get touches of this love for the beauties of the bush. In addressing 'Araluen,' a small stream on the east coast of New South Wales, he says — Biver, myrtle-rimmed and set Deep among unfooted dells, 'Daughter of grey mils of wet Born by mossed and yellow wells. Kow that soft September lays Tender hands on tb.ee and thine. Let me think of blue-eyed days. Star like flowets and leaves of shine. Again in those lilting verses which he wrote to the ' Bell Birds,' one meets such lines as — October, tbe maiden of bright yellow tresses. Loiters for. love in these cool wildernesses ; Loiters knee-deep in the glasses to listen IV here dripping cocks glram and the leafy pools glisten. In 'Ilia Creek' there is tbe same enthusiastic word-painting of Nature, aud even when inspired by 'Moss on a Wall,' he starts off by singing-^ Dim dreams it hath of singing ways, Of far off woodland vaterheads, Ihe shining ends of April days Amongst the yellow runnel-beds. Now it has been often said that although Kendall caught the external colors of Nature he never felt the deep subtlety of her i^per teachings — that he had no perception of the mysterious rela tion existing between Nature and Man. The student who reads Kendall sym pathetically will have no patience with this theory. Kendall's fault was certainly to pay too much attention to the beauty of sound, and to neglect the influence which his theme might be supposed to exercise on man. He was more of a colonst than of an interpreter, but that is not to say that he was altogether the one and nothing of the other. His in terpretation indeed is of the suggestive rather than of the explicit character. His joy in bright scenes and his sadness in gloomy surroundings are sufficient in themselves to indicate how Nature in fluenced him. Nor was it an external effort, for at times we find him expressing a powerful consciousness of the deeper conclusions of the mind as reached through the medium of what the eye sees aud what tbe ear hear*. In 'Araluen,' to which I have already referred, he has this stanza — Bat. believe me, still mine eyes Often fill with hjrhfctbat springs From divinity, which lies Ever at the heart of things. The last two lines beautifully express the faith of those who. dread tie blank of hopeless materialism, and are only, if dinilv, convinced of being surrounded by myriad forms of a high spiritual life. Of Harpur, in a beautiful elegy, Kendall wrote — . Ihe music of humanity Bweljs to hia forest poalma for ever. Two such lines clearly declare that our poet knew the beauty of the music, though he did not tune his own harp up to its ringing notes of harmony. Yet he learna jite-lessons from inanimate nature. In one place* with a mountainous cape in New »?-»ta Wales as hia theme, he sings: — So when feeble treads, like thunder, Weak' men under Treads and bresi!? **e tbews of these— Set thyself to bew.1* bravely, Greatly, grav^. Like the bill in yonder fc.'^3- 'When we come to his i£ter poems this grand appreciation of the close union that exists between Nature £&d; Man ia even more evident. His last Tolujne, ' Songs from the Mountains,' has a abdi cation addressed ' To a Mountain,' w&fcfc; is in perfect blank verse, and is full of a nervous and vigorous expression of this affinity which exists for all, but which only poets can interpret. Such lines as these will not be allowed to die — _., .... In thy voice Of deathless majesty, I, kneeling, hear Ctod's grand authentic gospel 1 Year by year The great sublime cantata of thy storm Strikes through my spirit— fills it with a life Of startling beauty I Thou, my Bible, art With holy leaves of rock, and flower, and tree. And moss, and shining runneL A few lines further on he continues his high strain— In the psalm Of singing watersj lo ! my soul has heard But the words Sufficient for the story of my Dream Are far too splendid for poor human lips ! No more perfect or elevated poetry than this has ever been penned in Australia. It has a faint echo of Wordsworth, but it is worthy of the master. The fragments which ,1 have given do not, however, convey an idea of the variety of form and theme displayed by Kendall's Muse. His diversity of lyrical expression is very great, and he succeeds in all metres. In his later work he was evidently throwing off the influence of ' the elder sons of song ' to which he had been subject before, and if he had lived longer would no doubt have developed more originality of style. Swinburne's wealth of imagery, poured out in a cataract of music, dominated Kendall con siderably, and he, too, often sacrifices simplicity and perspicuity to alliteration and the glamor of words. As we have said, however, he was freeing himself from this fault towards the end. His peculiarly Australian efforts have become fairly well known now, and every one will join in the regret that he did. not devote his genius more continuously to this class of work. Such pieces, for in stance, as 'Ghost Glen,' ' By Euroma,' 4« Bell Birds,' ' On a Cattle Track,' and ' Christmas Creek,' have all got the tint and touch of this new southern continent, and are worthy to be called Austra lian poetry. Kendall's attempt to re count Australian incidents in blank verse was not wholly successful, although, the execution is careful. ' A Death in the Bush,' 'The Glen of Arrawatta,' and ' On the Paroo,' all indicate an attempt to imitate Tennyson's ' English Idylls.' That is where the inspiration came from, and the form was unsuitable to the themes. If Kendall had treated his in cidents in some more original way he would have added to his fame and en riched the poetry of his native land. To sum up this, the first Australian born poet who has achieved not only intercolonial but transoceanic fame, I should say that as a musical lyricist he is almost perfect ; as a painter of Australian sylvan scenes he was also almost perfect ; but he lacked a strong individuality. He was a planet, say, of the third magnitude, In this volume that has been published I think it is a great pity that the cantata which he wrote for the opening of the Sydney Exhibition was not included. One verse will serve to show the beautiful lyrical quality of the whole — Ah, haply on some mossy slope against the shining springs, In those old days the angel Hepe sat down with folded winga. Perhaps she touched in dreams sublime, in glory and in glow, Ihe skirts of .this resplendent time a hundred years ago. There is now a monument, erected by subscription amongst some admirers, over the remains of the poet, and last year it was unveiled by Lord Carrington, when that eloquent scholar the Hon. W. B. Dalley delivered a graceful oration on Kendall's career. Here let me leave him, with the hope that young Australia will learn to love their native bard. Since the publication of the above in the columns of the Advertiser the following' criti cism of the review and the reply of the writer have appeared : — TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The review of Kendall's poems which appeared in your columns this morning I read with considerable interest. I do not think that the reviewer has done justice to the Australian bard. In the series of quotations supplied, some of Kendall's worst defects as a thinker are prominently brought forward, and, strange to s&y;» are cited as beauties and aa specimens of tie most perfect and elevated poetry ever penned in Australia. Tne shadowy and un certain revelations of nature indicated in several of the verses quoted can only be con templated with sadness by those who firmly believe in the reality of those stupendous events which we aa a Christian com munity are now commemorating; Accord ing to one quotation the voice of nature is 'God's authentic gospel;' this is atheism in disguise. And the face of nature is the poet's 'Bible;' if that is his only one the poet deserves our sympathy. The quotation 'divinitjr lies ever a£ the heart of thiaga'is pantheistic, and pantheism to all intents and purposes is practical atheism. The poet seams not to be able to distinguish between the Creator and the creation. Kendall's teachings on natural religion might have suited the nonage of mankind, but now that we have attained our majority we must put away childish things. It is high time that we realised that a more glorious revelation than that of nature has been vouchsafed to humanity. Let that Holy Spirit which ' guides into all truth' thoroughly permeate a man; he will be a poet ia soul even if not granted the poetical utterance. Thebookof nature will bemore easily understood by him, and will supply him with countless illustrations of the truth that exists within. Kendall, I tnink, will beapprenated most for bos purely Australian efforts. He has many gems in store, but their value has not been enhanced by the ill-assorted specimens chosen for the inspection of the public. The reviewer does not exalt Kendall by attempting to depreciate Burns. In reference to the alleged defective workmanship of Burns, fortunately, he can answer for himself. When Mr. Ramsay, of Ochterty re, asked him whether the Edinburgh literati had mended his poems by their criticisms, Burns said — 'Sir, these gentlemen remind me of some spinsters in my country who spin their thread so fine that it is neither fit for weft nor woof.' He said he had not changed a word except one to please Dr. Blair. We can all appreciate Kendall without depreciating bis more famous brother poet. — I am, &c;, ANDREW ANDERSON. Norwood, April 9, 1887. 