TENNYSON'S NEW POEM The absolute nov.-lty ut Lord Tennyson's now volume is limited to its first poem "Locksloy Hall Sixty Years After," Tho re mainder of t-h? book is already known. For the drama, "The Froimsn of May, ha mn peon upon the London stage; while the warn ing verses about the supposed poor- condition of " Tho Fleet," and tho ode ou tho "Opening of the Indian ami Colonial Exhibition" are familiar to readers, though the poems them selves have been somewhat revised bv the anther. But the main interest of tho volume centres lit the jKiem which, under the title mentioned in our opening sentence, i« placed first. It is the sequel to the famous composi tion that appeared among Lord Tennyson's earliest writings, and by the splendid roll of its metre, the pathos of its story, mid tho nobility of its aspira tions, charmed tiio world of its day. That told of the way in whioh tho narrator had been jilted by his cousin Amy, of tho dreary matrimonial prospects he foresaw for her as tho wife uf a iqwrting squiro, and of . his own determination still to face life liravely, and to extract satisfaction from other and more enduring things than love. Sixty years had now xuiseti; the former lover is now nil old man ; he revisits Locksloy Hall, whoso master, his ancient rival, has just died ; and there ho meets his grandson, Leonard. Leonard is of Amy's kin and his own— the child of a sailor Hon early lost at sea. To him his grandsiro discourses of the past and presout, as thoy pacu tho sand together, and gaze otico again at The hollow ridgos roaring into cataracts. For a long time the querulouenoss of ago marks the speaker's tone, but it changes to a happier note as tho \«nim draws to a con clusion. Leonard himself, it scorns, has also experienced disappointment iu lovo but there is something vory truo to naturo iu the tendency of tho old man to magnify his own ami depreciate his grandson's misfortunes of that kind. Tho latter nro "a slighter ailment,'' which " tho modern amourist " will easily ovorcomo. And tho fair Judith in this case was a " worldling," "that holds the diamond uecklaco dearer thnn the golden ring." His own Amy had boon a different being, "a timid child," and ho calls up a memory of tho past : — In tho hall there hangs a painting— Amv's arms about uiy neck- Happy children in a sunbeam sitting oil the ribs of wreck. In my lifo there was a picture, sho that clasp'd my nook Iiad llown ; I was left within the shadow sitting on tho wreck alone. Then as if tho spirit of peerage wore stirring within him, the old man finds a reason for tho difference between Judith and Amy . in tho lines of their descent. The ouo was a " world ling born of worldlings"; theothor, in common with her consiu, had had a grand old Crusader for hnr forefather. He has that day stood by Amy's grave, and I, this old xvhitchedead dreamer, stoopt and kissed her marble brow. Then there breaks upou this dream a vision of Tub Vanished Past. Gone tho fires of youth, tho follies, furios, curses, passionate tears, Gone like fires and floods and earthquakes of the planet's dawning years. Fires that shook mo once, but now to silent ashes fall'n away. Cold ujxjh tho dead volcano sleeps tho gleam of dying day. Gono tho tyrant of iny youth, and inuto be low the chaucol &tone;&, All his virtues— I forgive them— black in white above his bones. Gono tho comrades of my bivouac, some in fight against the foe. Some thro ago and slow diseases, gone as all on earth will go. Gono with whom for forty years my lifo in golden Bcqutmco ran, Sho with all the charin of woman, she with all the breadth of man. Strong in will and rich in wisdom, Edith, loyal, lowly, sweet, Feminine to her inmost heart, and femiiuno to her tender feet, Very woman of very woman, nurse of ailing body and mind, She that liuk'd again tho brokon chain that bound me to my kind. IToro to day was Amy «HU »ue, while r wanner el down tho coast, Near us Edith's holy shadow, smiling at the slighter ghost. Cone our 6ailor son, thy father, Leonard early lost at sea ; Thou alone, my boy, of Amy's kin and mine art left to mo. Gono thy tonder-natured mother, wearying to bo left alono. Pining for the stronger heart that onco had beat beside her own. ' But from his loneliness tho old man grasps at the consolations of immortality. These nro not gono for cvor. All races of men have believed in un cxistcn co in the futuro ; and in illustrating this the Laureate makes refcreuce to tho curious creed of tho Austra lian Aborigines— to which tqmcial attention is drawn in a recent work by Mr Henty— that the black man comes to lifo again as a whito man. But, as for lifo itself, looking backuver its individual course, and over the general history of the lives of men, tho speaker de clares it to be stale, and a mocker), so far as progress is concerned. Evon as regards Christianity — Christian love among the Churches loolc'd the twin of heathen hate. Tho most hopeless feature of the present time is tho power gained by Demos ; and political references of this kind are repeated frequently through tho poem. An especially strong rctnonsrauco is incidentally aimed against cattle-maiming. The protest against Demo3 is renewed later on. Envy wears the mask of Love, and, laughing sober fact to scorn, Cries to Weakest as to Strongest, "Ye are equals, equal-born." And, again, still later in tho poem Poor old Heraldry, poor old History, poor old Poetry, passing hence. In the common deluge drowning oli political common- senso ! As the old man dwells on such thoughts, ho breaks out into a pesalmistio wail, and his advico to tho young man is Hope tho best, but hold tho Present, fatal daughter of tho Past. Thero is vory Bmall belief In tho inspiration of tho voxpopuli. We ought not to ask it whotherwc shall fight Russia, or hold our "thrco hundred millions under one Imperial sceptre." Fur ploughmen and shepherds are misled by "tho practised husting-liar ; " and "through tho tonguostera wo may fall." All round tho horizon thero is a gloom — tho re currence of times of unbelief, the ruin of Church and State and Throne, tho down fall of Reticence and Reverence, the pollu- tion oi youtu ana tne propagation ot ZolaiBm. Yot he rofleots theso ore but the "gray thoughts" of an old man; and the question 'may at loasb be askod whethor thero is nothing hotter in store— whon we shall seo Earth at last a warless world, a single race, a single tongue, I have seen her far away— for is not Earth as yet so young ?— Every tiger madness muzzled, every serpent passion kill'd, Every grim ravine a garden, every blazing desert till'd. Robed in universal harvest up to either polo sho smiles, Universal ocean softly washing all her warloss Isles. The molody of the last of theso lines is vory striking. Indeed, as wo might have anticipated, thero aro many ro- markablo linos in the poem. Thus tho narrator speaks of tho murmurings of age aa Noises of a current narrowing, nob tho music of a deep. But, turning once more to the crucial prob lem of tho time, the speaker sees in over popuj laeion a certain barrier to peace. This Mai- thusiuu reflection is followed by a recollection of a mooting with Amy in tho moonlight, and thoughts of tho stars, of thoir possiblo tenants, and of .the notions they might have about our earth, crowd in upon him. This leads back to remembrances of tho misery of earth, "so huge and yet so bounded," whereon City children soak and blooken soul and sense In city slime. Tho picture is filled out with many sad details. Then comes another gleam of hope, that tho law of Progress may after all prevail. And so we wind round to tho tail again, which tells that after nil tho faithless Amy found in her Squire a hotter husband than had been predicted sixty years bofore, and one who Strove for sixty widow'd years to help his homelier brother men, Served the poor, and built the cottage, raised the school, and drain'd the fen« The jWAkor lumsolf, too, as wo see in lines already quoted, had foand au Editli, "with whom fi-r forty years uiy. lifo in goldon , sequence ran." And, in conclusion, tho jnvm ends with words of hope and encouragement, fn tlie.-o words we cannot ..doubt that Lord a ennyron »penks his (nvn feelings, which he 1ms suppressed for awhile to unable us to see the supposed workings of his hero's mind. Tho final lesson is that, as ho who had boon loathed has come to bo loved, so " Love will conquer I at tho last," And in this noble utterance we are glad to Ivlieve that L>rd Tennv>oii KiKaka the erceii oi his own old nge.- -lAU nxrv M'orW. 