ODDITIES IN WILLS. Simple a matter as it really is, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their own wills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan cellor of England, who as, Edward Stigden, was the most eminent chancery lawyer in Jcinuland, aud who, witn a number ot law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expensive law suit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it- proper effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by himself, met with the same fate. 1 could give him many similar instances. There have been devises to animals or for their beueSt which have been valid to cats, dugs, horses, and even parrots. Not un- frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, aud sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has several items of that kind — for instance : " I give nothing to my lord Saye, and I do make this legacy willingly because I know that he will faithfully dis charge it under the poor. Item — I give up the ghost." Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his name and memory " to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shakespeare left an elaborate ..will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakespeareans not a little. " I give unto my wife iny second best bed, with the furniture." Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his second best, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to kuow the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted- the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretch named Chatillon, who had at tempted to assassinate Wellington. The will of Rabelais has this clause : " I owe a great deal ; the rest I give to the poor." His last words when dying were : "I go to see the great -Perhaps." A famous French abbe had this pithy clause in his will : " To thy steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all his property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what the law allows her. I have drawn a number of such wills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, very late in life married Ann Randolph, a cousin of John. of Roanoke, a woman, ranch younger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, arid then pro vided that in case she married again the in come should be doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a noneppative will — that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may be dis- " posed of, but you, being a civilian, must- make youra in writing. It don't matter much what the writing is on — it may be on a slate, or a table top, or even a' wall, ' though it is advis able that.it should be on paper or parchment. You may write it aud sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is better to do it in ink. - You. may .make ynnr'wUl iu Choctaw, if yon happen to understand that language, or it may, a3 Hamlet says : " be writ in the choicest Italian you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind yon. Ooiirts are not mar tinets as to the spelling, and if- jrour ortho graphy is not . perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can riiakc it ont. If you wish to drop into poetry, eveu that is permitted, as the following case of a valid, will shbweth. I give and beqeuath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, . . The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God's goodness has granted to me. And that none may prevent ; . This,-' my will and iuteut, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign anil seal. This, the tr.ue act and deed of Will Jacket. 