Prominent Topics EULOGISED AND DEFAMED, IN the most barbarous countries justice has never been more cruelly outraged than it has been numberless times in the sanguinary history of English misgovernment in Ireland, and it has never been more ludicrously travestied there than in the case of Mr. John Dillon. Lord Salisbury announced that he would rely on the ordinary law for the "pacification" of a country in which there is an almost total absence of serious crime, and that intention has been fulfilled by resorting io a statute of Edward III. for penal purposes which the ordinary law—that is, the law in operation in the three kingdoms—did not compass. A law centuries old, and obsolete, has been resurrected as an instrument of oppression, though the circumstances to which it was applicable, and to meet which it was framed, long since ceased to exist, and the institutions of the country, its laws, and the whole face of society have undergone a complete change in the meantime. In the opinion of the Attorney-General for Ireland the Plan of Campaign was not illegal, but that opinion was based on the law as commonly administered upon the authority of statutes that have not been treated as obsolete and inoperative. That decision placed the Government in a difficulty, and they got over it by as scandalous a misuse of power as has ever been perpetrated. A proceeding so much at variance with the prevailing practice of the law courts could not but have led to some comical as well as unwelcome results. The judges of the Queen's Bench had nothing but the ghost of an authority to go upon. No doubt they played their fart in this mockery of law and justice gravely enough, but there is no reason whatever why the Irish people, whose rights and liberties are thus trifled with, should treat their decision with more respect than they would a judgment pronounced by Baron Hotpunch at a Trial by Jury Club. The most amusing incongruity in the resurrection farce Was that the bench warmly eulogised Mr. Dillon immediately before it required him, as a person of "evil fame" to find sureties for his good behaviour. Exercising a ghostly authority, and solemnly burlesquing justice, they must have felt that they were at liberty to outrage common sense, and they did so very remarkably by playing the part of eulogists and censors at the same time. It cannot please the Government that their Honours, by their contradictory utterances, virtually confessed that their whole proceedings were nothing better than a serio-comic travesty of justice, but the admission will immensely tickle the Irish sense of humour. United Ireland, says of the trial :— A LEGAL ABSURDITY.—The great event of the week has been the prosecution of Mr. John Dillon, M.P., as a person " of evil fame." What has happened in the case is exactly what everyone anticipated. Mr. Dillon has been required to give sureties within twelve days from Monday last —himself, in a thousand pounds, and two others in five hundred each. This decision was not arrived at until some remarkable and characteristic proceeding had been witnessed in the Queen's Bench. In the first place, the judges—O'Brien and Johnson—refused to admit oral evidence to rebut the Crown affidavits, and therefore made it impossible to prove that the reports of the speeches on which the Crown relied were inaocurate and garbled. When this extraordinary decision was pronounced, counsel for Mr. John Dillon—Messrs. T. M. Healy, B.L., and Koche, Q.C.—at once retired from the case. The conduct of his defence then devolved upon Mr. John Dillon himself. The hon. member appeared in court on Tuesday, and delivered a speech of rare power—simple, earnest, and unanswerable. Though the judges beslavered him with adulation, bearing testimony to the undoubted purity of his motives, his high political reputation, and so forth, they did not hesitate to brand him as a person of evil fame. The court was densely crowded while the interesting proceedings lasted, and Mr. Dillon's appearance as well as the close of his speech was signalised by an outburst of cheering such as never before was heard within the walls of the Four Courts. NERVOUS PROSTRATION THESE is a disposition on the part of English journalists to take too gloomy view of the humiliation England sustains as a result of existing international complications, and this results from the exaggerated opinion of her influence with which they had deluded themselves. With them it is a case of reaction, and in that condition of mind there is always great nervous prostration. There has been considerable shrinkage of English influence in European politics, so much so that the Presse, Count Taaffe's organ, lately said that "England is outside the sphere of Continental politics," and the Times correspondent of Vienna is of opinion that, in saying this, the Presse "probably expresses the opinion of those who direct the foreign policy of the Empire." From the remarks on the same subject that have fallen from the official and semi-official journals on the Continent, it is very apparent that little or no notice is taken of the wishes or objections of the English Government by any foreign Cabinet; but, at the same time, England cannot have fallen altogether so low as one should infer from the observations which her decadence has drawn forth from some of our Melbourne contemporaries. The Daily Telegraph, on the 21st inst., made the disintegration of the Salisbury Government the theme of a leading article. " The spectacle," it says, " is painfully humiliating. In one of the most serious crises in European history England is without a great statesman." After stating that Mr. Gladstone "has run his course," we are told that " with a malignant question like that of Ireland at home, and the historic Eastern Question casting its blackening shadow over the whole of Europe, the situation of England is big with peril." Notwithstanding this croaking, England is safe enough in her insular position. It does not necessarily follow from a contraction of imperial influence abroad that there will be once again any occasion for Englishmen to shake in their shoes from fear of a French invasion, and there is no other peril so imminent or serious as to excuse the lamentations which our contemporary pours forth. Irishmen are not wholly unconcerned in the present crisis, and yet they will, we should think, be able to preserve a stouter heart in the face of this danger than the individual who wrote in the following strain could have had:— The full of Gladstone was, internationally, the fall of England, and the failure of Salisbury is a simple prostration. Whatever may be the effect on domestic politics, there can be little question how this national weakness will be regarded abroad. . . . Under present circumstances, the political weakness of England gives military strength to Russia. Such a contingency in the popular government of England, it is well known, is keenly watched for by the steadier and more autocratic Powers as often a determining element in any great European crisis. It is fearful to contemplate the possibilities now made more than probable by this most unhappy disruption in the councils of England. These jeremiads on the part of English men are foolish and pitiable. England is only relatively weaker than she has been, and there are several causes for the almost total loss of influence which she has sustained abroad. She is for one thing distrusted and disliked by almost every European Power, unless it may be that the Prince of Monaco, whose revenue gains something from the losses of English gamblers, still entertains some respect for her. Even the Turk no longer has any faith in her, or covets her protection. But by these circumstances her strength for defensive purposes is not reduced, and so long as this state of things continues it ill becomes English journalists to write as the Telegraph has done. It would surprise no one that some disloyal Irish journal had described the " fall of England" as being "simply prostration," but it is more than surprising that a Victorian newspaper, whose loyalty is above suspicion, could have been so usillanimous as to write of the national umiliation in that strain. However we may feel it, we could not be guilty of such a weakness. THE VETO AGAIN IRELAND must have some trusty and influential friend at the Vatican, and the Holy Father cannot be averse to that friend availing himself of his opportunities to render her a service when a necessity for doing so arises. Among the high dignitaries of the Church who enjoy the confidence of his Holiness there is not one, we feel assured, who would betray the trust reposed in him, and yet the Irish people are in every instance forewarned of the crafty attempts so often repeated by the British Government to use the Papacy as an instrument for longer defrauding their country of her rights. The Errington mission was managed with the utmost secrecy and cunning. To guard against discovery Sir George was, in an official sense, unaccredited. He endeavoured to pass himself off as a private gentleman visiting Rome from the motives which bring so many Catholics and tourists of all kinds there. He secured private audiences on false pretences, and without disclosing to Pope or Cardinal the object he had in view, he endeavoured to compass it by false representations. But while he, as he imself supposed, was working away at his unavowed purpose with as much secrecy as a mole in the ground, not a word or movement of his escaped the vigilant eyes of the friends of Ireland and United Ireland was able to publish a full and true account of the whole plot and its workings from its inception to the date of its ignominious failure—that is, up to the refusal of the Holy Father to grant this recreant Irishman a parting audience. The British Government are now making another attempt to win over the Holy Father to their side in the mis- government of Ireland, and, as in all previous cases of the kind, Irishmen have received timely warning of the treachery, The voice of the tempter, though uttered in a whisper, has been distinctly heard in the office of United Ireland, and echoed everywhere in the pages of that vigilant sentinel of Irish rights and freedom. In this instance the old application is re- newed in a modified form. The veto pure and simple is not again proposed as the price to be paid for a renewal of diplomatic relations. The difficulties of the situation being very much greater than they were, there is an abatement of terms on the part of the tempter. A consultative voice in the appointment of bishops in the British dominions would be accepted as a sufficient concession It is only asked that ecclesiastics not in favour with the English Government shall not receive the mitre—merely that men of the stamp of Dr. Croke, Dr. Walsh, or Cardinal Moran shall not be selected, but that the preference shall be given to ecclesiastics like Dr. Moriarty, Dr. Cullen, or Dr. Donnelly. Nothing more is asked than that the Holy Father shall consent to abridge the ancient privileges of the Irish Church, and, upon the advice of the English Government, overrule the nominations of the Irish chapters. And if the Holy Father would only consent to these very moderate terms, would not the favour of the British Government more than compensate him and the Catholic Church for any consequences that might possibly result from the concession ? As the tempter was baffled by the Divine Head of the Church, so will he be by its representative to-day. Leo XIII. being the Vicar of Christ, there is no danger whatever that his Holiness would become a party to an infamous bargain by which, its inde pendence would be fettered, and the liberties of a people, who are his most faithful subjects, would be sacrificed. Were he never Pope, he is far too astute a man, and too good a friend of Ireland, to approve of a knavish suggestion in which the most vital political and spiritual interests of a long-suffering people, who are reclaiming their rights, are wholly ignored as unworthy of consideration, and no other interests than those which are English and Protestant are regarded as being of the least account. INDECOROUS IT is not at all decorous to trifle with the feelings of a grave and reverend body, as the Tory organ has done in its issue of Tuesday last. In an article dealing with the New Hebrides' question, and particularly with the dictum of Monsignor Freppel on that subject, the writer professes to sympathise deeply with the Presbyterians on the injury and disappointment they are likely to sustain through the retention of the group by the French; and the funniest arguments possible are employed to convince that denomination that their title to the sole and undisputed possession of that missionary field is unquestionable. Prior possession, and the expenditure of money and blood are urged on their behalf, and it is not to be supposed that a wellinformed writer, who amused himself by putting forward such a plea, was unmindful that if there was anything in it the Protestant missionaries who visited China, India, and Japan, at periods comparatively modern, had no right to enter these countries, as long previously they were occupied by Catholic missionaries. The writer of the article must surely have had his tongue in his cheek, for if the Protestant missionary societies refrained from interfering with Catholic missionaries wherever the latter had previously established themselves, there would not be many places on the face of the globe where the open Bible could be introduced, and these places would be too few and too small to afford plausible ground for "raising the wind" to anything like the pitch to which that very profitable game has been carried. But by far the most amusing thing in this very funny article is the deep concern evinced for Presbyterian interests, and the conversion of the heathen to the Protestant form of Christianity. Not even the organ of the denomination, of whose cause the Tory journal has constituted itself the hampion on this particular occasion, could exhibit a deeper or more pious interest in the propagation of gentle Calvinist doctrines amongst savages, than is manifested in every paragraph of the protest. Presbyterian rights are strongly urged, to the exclusion of all other considerations, thus leading one to suspect that as the agitation on political pretensions has failed, it is considered advisable to fall back on the "pious dodge," as a good means of rekindling excitement on the subject Something in the nature of a counterblast may possibly be organised in response to the invitation conveyed by the Tory organ. Upon the suggestion of the journal that has never heretofore evinced much reverence or appreciation for missionaries or their works, the Presbyterian pulpits are likely to resound with denunciations of French treachery and Popish casuistry, and we should not be surprised if the thing were carried so far as to hold a big meeting in the Town Hall. But all this would be a great waste of enthusiasm. If the French mean to keep the New Hebrides—and it really looks as if they had fully made up their minds to do so—pulpit fulminations and monster meetings would effect about as much good as the almost inarticulate passion of Mr. Service did, and there is not very much to show for that. IF there were not a very THE ETHICS OF JOURNALISM If there were not a very serious side of the hypo- crisy, one could laugh very heartily at the virtuous professions of certain journals when there is no nasty divorce case to be reported, or no other scandal to be noticed, out of which numerous half-pences or pennies could be turned into the commercial coffers. That sort of thing is common enough in these colonies, and there have been some very remarkable instances of it lately in Eng- land. Those very newspapers which protested most loudly against Mr. Stead's revelations in the Pall Mall Gazette have given pages of the Colin Campbell divorce suit, the particulars of which are at least as objectionable as those which Mr. Stead published, and he acted from the best possible motives; while his former censors must have been actuated by the most sordid considerations. Virtue in their case was a thing to be respected so long as there was nothing to be lost by professing an admiration for it, but the moment a temptation arose to pollute their pages with the details of vice in most repulsive forms, they abandoned themselves to it wholly and unreservedly. Filthy lucre at one and the same time swayed their conscience and ruled their conduct. There was money to be made out of full reports of a disgusting scandal m high life, and accordingly the full reports were given. Or if it was not a question of money in every case in which a "respectable" English journal pandered to a prurient and corrupted public taste, the fear that a rival paper would score an advantage from filling its columns with the nasty details weighed down all higher considerations. And the Press we are told, is usurping the place of the pulpit, and all because the teaching in the journal is more practical and better adapted to the needs of every-day life than the lessons conveyed in the sermon. But how far do these copious reports of a disgusting case bear out that preposterous claim ? Both Press and stage have improved in many respects, but in those matters in which improvement was most needed they have both, as a general rule, retrograded very considerably. A more shocking example of depravity than the Press of England has furnisfied on this occasion is not known; and after thus flooding the community with reports of a most demoralising character, it can never again, without subjecting itself to well- deserved reproach and ridicule, presume to censure French journalist or novelist for the delicacy by which too many of them habitually offend the sense of virtue. It is no wonder that the Telegraph in bewilderment asks.—" What have Englishmen come to when they suffer their journals to become running fountains of vileness, whose hateful streams defile the homes and imagina- tion of their own children?" They are relapsing into that state of mind in which they intensely enjoyed Fielding and Smollet. This is one of the chief characteristics of their advanced civili- sation. 