CHRISTMAS TIME AND THE CHRISTMAS CAROLS. Again the whirligig of time brings round the festive season—Christmas Day, the best and happiest time in all the year; bluff, hale, hearty, honest old Christmas to those who know it best, in its old-fashioned garb, and with its old-fashioned ways; with its frosty air, its holly and mistletoe, its blazing yule log and cheery Christmas fare; best perhaps as we have known it, but still cheery and welcome even in this far oil' land of inverted seasons. Some there are who, with Scrooge, will vote Christmas a humbug; a time for paying bills without money; a time lor finding ourselves a year older, but not an hour richer; a time for balancing our books and having every item in them, through a round dozen of mouths, presented dead against us. “If I could work my will,’’said Scrooge, “every idiot that goes about with ‘ Meuy Christinas' on his lips should he boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through Ills heart.” But even Scrooge altered his mind at last, and it was after wards said of him that “he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive pos sessed the knowledge.” Of all ecclesiastical celebrations through out the year, Christmas Day is the greatest, the most generally observed—in fact, the best. The Calvinists are not enthusiastic about it; they reject it as a pernicious superstition of the dark ages, and its celebra tion is almost unknown in mauy parts, of Scotland. Butthegreat Western and Eastern churches, and, indeed, the great body of the Christian world, ever have kept the day as a time of high festival and rejoicing. In the Primitive Church, Christmas Day and other great festivals were always preceded by a vigil or eve, hence our Christmas Eve. But whereas other vigils were observed as fast days, Christmas Eve, even if it fell on a Friday, was and i3 kept as a festival of mirth and jollity. On the night of this eve our ancestors were wont to light up caudles of uncommon size, called Christmas candles, and to lay across the capacious hearth the great Yule log. There is an old Christinas poem by Joseph Thorne, 1793, in which the burning of the Yule log on Christmas Eve is thus referred to:— Thy welcome eve. loved Christmas now arrived, The parish bells their tuneful peals resound, And mirth and gladness every breast pervade. The ponderous ashen faggot from the yard, The jolly farmer to his crowded hall Conveys with speed; where on.the rising flames (Already fed with store of massy brands) It blazes soon; nine bandages it bears, And as they each and sjoin (so custom wills) A mighty jug of sparkling cider’s brought, AVltn iimn.iy mixed to elevate the guests. Sir Walter Scott also gives a graphic picture of Christmas Eve in his “ Marmion," com mencing with the lines— Oil Christinas Eve the bells were rung, On Christmas Eve the mass was sung, That only night in all the year Saw the stoled priest the chalice rear. The yule log, like the hanging of the mistletoe, is probably more of Pagan tliau of Christian origin. The mistletoe held an important place in the religion of the Druids, and the burning of tile yule log seems to hear reference to the ancient ceremony of the Scandinavians, who, at their feast Jnule, kindled fires in honor of their god Thor. It was at midnight on Christmas Eve that the powers of darkness were supposed to be hound in chains, and that men were free from all evil or fear of evil; in token whereof the cock crowed through all the night. Whether the familiar rooster still sacrifices his own and his neighbors’ hours of rest by so unwonted a display of vocal power, is a matter that may he easily verified by keepers of poultry. Probably it was on Christinas Eve that Hamlet beheld his father’s ghost, for we read that at the crow in" of the cock, it (the ghost, not the cock) faded from sight. It faded on the crowing of the cock. Some say, that ever ’gainst that season comes, Wherein our Saviour’s birth is celebrated, This bird of dawning singeth all night long: And then, they say, no spirit dares stir abroad; The nights are wholesome; then no planets strike, A'o fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm, So hallowed and so gracious is the time. Then, again, on Christmas Eve, the cattle in their stalls fell down on their knees (and perhaps still do so) in adoration of the in fant Saviour; bees sang; and bread baked at this holy season never turned mouldy. If these miraculous eveuts really transpire, or ever did transpire, on Christmas Eve, it is remarkable that, in the face of such con vincing proofs, not a few doubts have been expressed as to whether 2oth December is in fact the true date of the Saviour’s birth. According to some it was on the Ist of Janu ary; others fix it at the Cell of that mouth; others again have evidence that the Prince of Peace was horn on the 20th September. The Eastern churches keep the oth January, while we adopt the date fixed upon by P.ope Julius. Whether right or wrong, we are sure that the great event took place oil one day or night in the year, and omitting the Ist April, any date will equally well serve to commemorate the coining of Him who brought from heaven peace on earth to men of good will. Christinas Day in the olden time was much more a day of feasting than it is now. In a tract entitled “Round about our coal fire,” there is a graphic description of Christinas Day ob servance in the past. We there read that an English man at the opeuiug of the great day, i.e., Christmas Day in the morning, had all his tenants and neigh bors enter his ball by daybreak. The strong beer was broached, and' the black jacks went plentifully about with toast, sugar, nutmeg, and good Cheshire cheese. The hackiu (the great sausage) must be boiled by daybreak, or else two young men must take the maiden (i.e. the cook) by the arm, and run her round the Market place till she is ashamed of her laziness. In the Christmas holidays the tables were all spread from the lirst to the lust; the sirloins of beef, the minced pies, the plum porridge, the capous, turkeys, geese, and plum pud dings, were all hot upou the board; every one ate heartily, and was welcome. Mr Pepys has an entry of a dif ferent kind in his diary, of a Christmas Day 200 years ago. “To dinner alone with my wife, who, poor wretch 1 sat undressed all day till 10 at night, altering and lacing of a noble petticoat, while Iby her, making the boy read to me the life of Julius Cicsar, aud Descartes’ book of music.” Air Pepys and the poor boy must have lived a somewhat bum-drum sort of life if this is to be regarded as a good specimen of an annual jollification iu the family. But Christmas Day is not ouly a feast day, nor simply a period of re ligious observance. It' is essentially a day of reunion, reconciliation, peace and good will, “ a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time,”'the birthday of charity, the concern of all mankind. A well known writer has caught the true spirit of the day in a few lines that are worth quoting— Amidst the freezing sleet and snow The timid rnliin comes; ■ lii pity drive him not away, : But scatter out your crumbs. " • And leave your door upon the latch For whosoever comes, The poorer they. more welcome give, And scatter out your crumbs. All have to spare, none are too poor, . When want with winter comes, The loaf is never all your own. Then scatter out your crumbs. Soon winter falls upon your life. The day of reckoning comes Against your sins by high decree, Are weighed those scattered crumbs. Iu intimate association with Christmas tide is the interesting practice of singing the Christmas carols. The waits or street carol-singers were at first perhaps the watchmen, who while patrolling the. streets at night waked tlus restless slunibcrer as they proclaimed the passing horn*. The idea of the Chiistmas 'carol was suggested by the angels who sang one frosty night the Gloria in c.rcc/J>‘ of the Church, “Glory to God in the highest, and on cart!) peace, good-will toward men.” It was a song direct from Paradise. Jeremy Taylor assures us as that “as soon as the # ° blessed choristers had sung the?*- onristmas carol, and taught the CU»**n a hymn to put into her office for ever on the anniversary of this festivity, the angels letired to heaven.” How sweetly must that song, composed by angels and set to celestial music, have fallen on the startled ears of those sleeping shep herds. Music heard in the stillness of midnight has a peculiar charm, and many of us have felt it as we have been awakened some Christmas night by the music of the carol singers. A contributor to the Gentleman's Magazine in ISII thus describes bis earliest recollection of a Christmas carol. He says: —“About 6‘o’clock on Christmas Day I was awakened by a sweet singing under my window; surprised at a visit so early and unexpected, I arose, and looking out of my window I beheld six young women and four men welcoming with sweet music the blessed morn.” It may scarcely be imagined how delightfully, at such a moment, would fall on the half-slumbering ear such straius as the following:— God rest you merry gentlemen, Let nothing you dismay, For Jesus Christ our Saviour Was born upon this day, To save us all from .Satan’s power When we were gone astray. O tidings of comfort and joy, For Jesus Christ our Saviour Was born on Christmas Bay. In Bethlehem in Jewry This bles-ed babe was born, And laid upon a manger Upon this blessed morn, The which his mother Mary Nothing did take in scorn.- 0 tidings of comfort and joy. For Jesus Christ our Saviour Was born on Christmas Day. There is a singular quaiotuess about some of the old carols, of which the following is a good specimen:— The first good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of one, To see her own Jesus to suck at her breastbone; It tidings brings of comfort great and joy. The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of > t.vo, To see her own Son Jesus to make the lame to go. It tidings brings, «xc. The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of three, To see her own Son Jesus to make the blind to ace. It tidings brings, Jcc. The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of four, To see her own Son Jesus to read the Bible o’er. It tidings brings, &c.; The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of five, To see her. own Son Jesus to make the dead alive. It tidings brings, ixc. The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of six, To see her own Son Jesus to bear the crucifix. It tidings brings, &c.; ; The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of seven. To see her own Son Jesus to wear the crown of Heaven. It tidings brings, ic. Another that may sometimes be heard in Yorkshire, sung by children on Christmas night, runs thus— Well- a-d iy ! Well-n-day! .Christmas too soon goes away, Then your gooding we do pray, For the good time will not stay. We are not beggars from door to door, But neighbor-.’ children known before. So gooding pray, We cannot stay, But must away. For the Christmas will not stay Well-a-dayl Well-a-day! One other specimen of the old English carols will suffice. Its antiquity may be acoepted as a sufficient apology for its sim plicity:— I saw three ships come sailing in . On Christina* Day in the morning; I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas Day in the morn. Our Saviour Christ and His Lady On Christmas Day in the morning; Our Saviour Christ and llis Lady On Christmas Da}' in the morn. Pray whither sailed those ships all three On Christmas Day in the morning; Pray whither sailed thosO ships all three On Christmas Day in the mom. 0 they sailed into Bethlehem On Christmas Day in the morning; 0 they sailed into Bethlehem On Christmas Day in the morn. And all the hells on earth shall sing On Christmas Day in the morning; And all the bells on earth shall ring Ou Christmas Day in the morn. And all the angels in heaven shall sing On Christmas da}* in the morning; And all the angels in heaven shall sing On Christmas Day in the morn. And all the souls on earth shall sing On Christmas Day in the morning; And all the souls on earth shall sing On Christmas Day in the morn. Then let us all rejoice amain On Christmas Day in the morning; Then let us all rejoice amain Ou Christmas Day in the morn. Carols, however, have never been con fined to the street singers. Bishops with their clergy have uot disdained to join in singing them, and'trained choirs all through England, France, Italy, America, Australia, and other countries unite their voices on Christmas evening to sing the good old Christmas carols. We shall uot be without them in Ballarat. They will be heard in many of the churches, and the Fro Cathedral choir will render a number of them to-morrow even ing; all, therefore, who love sweet music wodded to beautiful words should not miss the opportunity of hearing them. In every Roman Catholic church in the world the glorious “ Adcste Fidclcs ” will be sung; and from thousands of hearts will come the festal greetiug, “ A merry Christmas ! A merry Christmas 1” And so, as tiny Tim observed, “ God bless us, every one.” 