OOR SPARE ROQIA (ABGOSY). For some time after we had been married we lived atFinchiey. Fincbley is not a particularly interesting place in itself. It is not town ; neither by tne utmost stretch of imagination could it be called country. It is exceedingly difficult to ge« to the city — where I go every day — from there ; or to g-t anywhere else, for the matter of that. But I thiuk our chief reason for going to live there was that we had the chance of taking a house that had been built by a friend of mine for lyis own occupation, who found afier it was finished that be would have to live abroad for two or three years. ' Houses that people build for themselves are always so much nicer than those tbey build for o) her people. So we at once decided to take it, as»d ever since have been trying to get away from it. We hoth wanted to live in town, in London I proper. I wanted my club handy, and Mar garet wanted the bonnet shops. Choosing ; a new house is a weighty and important I matter, and we braced our minds beforehand by many conversations on the subject, and at last began seriously to house-hunt. We looked at a good many ' desirable resi dences' in the regions of South Kensington and Bays water, and saw a few that we liked pretty well arid a large number that we did not like at all. A good many of the houees had just been newly end smartly done up for the seaBon— it was the month of February when we began our search— with an tvident view of attracting the public. But although they were magnificent with paint, paper, white wash, and Jacobean mauttepieces, we fre- quently found that tbey were deficient in the lees apparent details of drainage, cisterns, and boilers, with which unimportant trifles the landlord had evidently considered it not worth while to tusy himself. Some houses, on the other hand, were not 'done up ' in any way, but were dark, dirty, and cobwebby, and haunted by cadaverous caretakers. It was uselesB to try and investi gate any of these species, as Margaret refused to go any further than thedrawingroom floor, and wonld not entertain the idea of them for a single instant. ' First impressions are every thing,' she would remark emphatically when I tried to convince her that painting and papeiing were not yet lost arts, and that the caretaker would not, ot necessity, torm part i of our establishment. Our house- hunting was, therefore, a long business, and we made quite a picnic of it, Margaret declared, for we frequently retired to a confectioner's for afternoon tea, instead of going back to Finchley for that meal, j which was always a great point with ! Margaret. She would not have thought the day complete without it. So as the afternoons at the end of February are long and light, we frequently walked about looking at houses till nearly 6 o'clock. One evening as we were sitting together in my smoMngrooua after dinner, talking, as we usually did, about our prospec'ive new house, Margaret seemed suddenly to be strnck with an idea. ' Charley,' she said, leaning forward in her chair and placing her pretty little forefinger on her pointed chin as she spoke ; there is one thing that our new house mast not have, and thatrthing is a spare room.' ' No spare room !' I cried, nearly dropping the end of my cigar in my surprise. ' Why, where shall we keep all our boxes, my dear ; aud your sewing machine, which you never use ; and ' ' 1 mean spare bedroom,' interrupted Margaret, reprovingly. ( And I wish you wouldn't say " my dear," it makes me feel so old.' ' Old !' I said, astonished and mystified. ' Yes,' returned Margaret. ' Mr. Whitelock calls his wife " my dear," and they are both over seventy !' This argnment was unanswerable. I did not attempt to refute it. Well, then,' I continued, 'my — my love' (' Ah ! that's better,' said my wife), 1 would you mind explaining to me your objections to that time- honoured institution a guest-cham ber ? Are you afraid of a ghost taking up its quarters with us 2' No, answered Margaret, stilt keeping her finger on her chin and regarding me with a fixed and steadfast gaze. She had not even blenched when I alluded to the sewing machine. ' But in Londqn, he who keeps a spare room keeps a hotel.' It was too true. I dropped the end of ray cigar into the grate outright, while visions of Aunt Georgina from Leamington, 'just running up from Saturday till Monday,' with her maid, her asthmatic pug, and her array of imperials coursed through my brain. Aunt Georgiria— she was Margaret's aunt, not mine— had frequently performed this athletic feat Bince our marriage, aud we bad soon found ont that her ' Saturday till Monday ' was not, by any means, the same as that period of time recorded in the almanacs. It was sometimes a week, but more often ten days, and it had been known to extend itself to a month, I do not think we either of as absolutely disliked Aunt Georgina. In fact, if anyone had asked as what we particu larly objected to in ber, we should have been somewhat puzzled to reply ; but ehe was like a rich plum pudding— a little of her went a Ions way. They say tnat everytning comes to tnose who wait. Still more dees everything come to those who search long and diligently enough, and in due time onr bouse was found. It was in every way satisfactory. It had been freshly done up with paint, paper, and the newest things in mantelpieces and dados, and a proper attention had been paid to such things as drainage, gas pipes, and boilers. It was in the Bayswater direction ; it was close to an omnibus route ; it was only a shilling cab fare distance to my club, and there was a very tolerable bonnet-shop not far off. In fact, Margaret said that by putting her head out of the bath-room window, and craning her neck only a very little, she could just catch a glimpse of it. But in this world of ours, unfortunately, there is no rose without a thorn ; no supreme good without some drawback. Our house had a some roon. To be sure, as Margaret observed when we talked this over after quite settling upon the house, we might have known that we must have a spare room, as there were only our two , selves, the servants, and a very limited i assortment of boxes and trunks to stow away, i ' And you know you wouldn't like to live in a very small house, Charley,' ehe added, 'even if we cmild hsvefmin'' nne in this part of London ' I assented to thin. Anvway,' c v. riiraed my wife, ' I shall not. furnish the room as a bedroom.' ' Well, that was the original idea,' I replied. At last we were' settled in our new bouse. I will not attempt to df scribe our removal and subsequent establishing of ourselves and our furjnitute. It was not pleasant to go 9 through the experience, and it ie not pleasant || to redall "it. I think Margaret and 1 came aa || near having a quarrel aR we ever did iu our f| lives— at that time. It all floats through my j| miud as I think of it. A confused dream of || bedsteads and sideboards in the drawingroom, j| wardrobes in tbe diningroom, Dresden china a and mirrors in the kitchen, Maple's men and fei Btrange cats everywhere, tinned btef dinners 1| and a general, all- pervading atmosphere of 1 straw. But at last it was all over, acd Mnrgaret |j triumphantly declared that the house locked || as if we had lived in it for years. I thought 1 it rather a dubious compliment, bnt I did cot | tell her so. | One morning, as we were sitting at break- | fast, a letter was brought iu and handed to | my wife. ' The postman is late this morning,' | she said, as ehe took it. I eaid nothing ; I | had caught a glimpse of the hand- writing and | a huge golden monogram on the envelope. It lA was from Aunt Georgina. | I laid down my knife anu fork and looked $ blankly acrosB the table at Margaret, who | j looked blanker still. She had just spread a piece of toast with marmalade — although she ?t was in the middle of eating an egg— in sheer | desperation and self-abandon trpnt. i j ' I can't read it,' ehe said, presently, tossing I I the letter across to me. ' It looks as if she j bad written it with her left hand and ber k j eyes shut.' _ ; l deciphered its contents witn some aim- v culty, end then read it alond to Margaret. It : ran as follows : — I ' My Dear Maguib ' (" I wish ehe ? wouldn't call you Maggie," I said) : ' So I hear ; you are established iu a new town houee. I think of running up next Saturday till Mon- day, just for change of air for myself and \ Boulette (Boulette was her pug), and to have l a peep at the fashions. May I occupy your J spare room ? Of course you have a i Bpare room. I know the delightful plan of all London houses. All news when we meet. ; Your affectionate, Aunt Georgina.' I To-day waB Monday ; she had not given na I a long notice of her coming, j ' To think of her trying to make us be lieve that she is really only coming from Saturday to Monday,' said Margaret, scorn fully. ' I don't quite see how she conld "peep at the fashions" between Saturday 1 afternoon and Monday morning, unless she means she is going to study the bonnets in church.' 1 Well, I said, aividrag my morning paper in two, and giving Margaret the part with the births, deaths, and marriages, which Bhe always liked to see ; it's awk ward her wishing to come to us just as we have decided not to have a spare room, but we can easily write and say we haven't one.' 'No,' said Margaret, shaking her bead sagely, ' that would never do. In the first place, she would be very much offended, and she mustn't he offended, for you know, Charles, I have gome expectations from her, though it is not much.' That was very true. 'Then,' she continued, ' our not having her to stay in this bouse will not prevent her coming up to town. She will come all the same, and stay at a hotel. She will walk in upon us directly she arrives— Saturday after noon, very probably. She will, of course, expect to be 6hown all over the house ; and it will strike her as rather peculiar why we have left our large front bedroom on the third floor empty. Yon know the horrid way ehe always notices everything. She will bear down upon me with an avalanche of questions, and probably get everything out. of me nerore a Know wnere i am. mo : What we must do is to turn that room into eome other kind of a room— not a bedroom,' she concluded, somewhat vaguely. It was time for me to go to the city, so we did not discuss the matter any more just then. As I have said, this was Monday, and by Wednesday evening we bad not come to any decision about our spare room. But Margaret had written a polite — though, I am afraid, rather hypocritical — note to Aunt Georgina, saying that unfortunately we possessed no spare bedroom, and entreating her to take up ber quarters at the Paddington hotel, and give us as much of her society an was possible. On Wednesday evening we oegan seriously to discuss our spare room ; time was getting ihort. Margaret could suggest nothing bud s. picture gallery or a private chapel ; but a we had no pictures worth speaking of, and there was a church in the next street, th suggestion could be hardly called a good one ; and my idea of turning the room into a. kitchen— as the eaniiary-d welling folk tell one that the kitchen should always be at tba top of the house— was received by Margaret with scorn and contumely. 'Fancy one's dinner coming down to on»», instead of up, she said ; ' bow dread fai its would be. I am sure I should never be ablo to eat a morsel.' ' I don't quite see the objection,' I replied, mildlv, 'unless you think it would be a " come-down and, in any case, your dinner must go down when you eat it, you knpw. Margaret took no notice of this remark. It is always a point of honour with her not to see any of my jokes when they are at her expense. She did not even smile. It would be horrible,' she went on. 1 1 should feel that the next thing would be, I should have to wear divided skirts and Btockings with toes to them.' j. thought StOOKIUpS aiW&yo; OnU TOGPj 1 B&id;, but Margaret vouchsafed me no reply, not condescending to inform me that she referred to Dr. Jaeger's new Bystem, where the toes of the stockings are separated like the fingers in a glove. The next day, as I was sitting in my office, a brilliant idea suddenly rushed post haste into my mifid. It w&b; so brilliant, acd also I felt that the time waa getting on so fast, that I decided to go home at once and com municate it to Margaret. I was rather proud of it, for, as a rule, I do not have so many brilliant ideas as ehe has. Therefore, I at once left the office, although it was only half- pst 3, and hailing the first respectable-look ing hacsom that I could see, drove rapidly home. I dashed upstairs into the drawingroom, where Margaret was sitting. 'Oh, Charley!' ehe cried; 'how yon startled me, I was altering a dress, and I though you were a caller.' And she pulled out her paraphernalia from under the sofa, where she had hastily huddled it. ' Margaret,' I cried, M have an idea !' What?' ehe said, and looked as astonished as if I had 6aid I had got a megalosaurus in my pocket. I have an idea about the spare room,' I gspet? ; for I was 'h jv»tb I wrih mi rwpid of rie rs. 'We i will make it — into—". bi!h iidrooiv.' And I : sank into an .rrn Jis r "Got on your hat ; and we will go kud -.Tier a billiar i-table : at once.' j ' A hi! h»r«1 room I Of course 1 the verjt- | thing !' ejaculated my wife. Why didn't we, | either of up, think of such a simple thing i before?' I was not quite so sure about the , impUoity of it— as fcgwded'tfce cofit. at toy When Margaret had got her hat and I had recovered my breath . w,e? sallied forth, my wife perpetually wondering all the way into Oxford street why we had not thought of such a eimple thing before. Beside, she said, 'only think of the cheapness of fur nishing a billiardroom. Why, you absolutely want nothing except the table and a few seats' ' A carpet, though, would rather improve the eppearauce of the room, would it not. I ventured to put in. . . , 1 Well, yes ; but a carpet is not furniture. I was silent, but I did not feel so thoroughly convinced of the cheapness of the arrangement. The cost was certainly the least brilliant part of my idea, I could no.. h B8fo«wenSent home to tea that afternoon bad ordered a egaare of Turkey earpet a capital second-hand full-Bizd bil -lard-table, and a few leather covered seats to put round She room. The carpet was to be made a fix- tare the next day ; there was no difficulty about that part ot the business ; but the table and seats could not be sent till Sa ur- "Yt Tas 'rannine thinga prel ty clo»e ! Sop- sou Aunt Geoiio« and the billiard-table Ware to make their entry into the house at the same time? We were not a stones- throw from the Great Western hotel, and she was sute to come round directly she arrived \- she was one of tbose people who must air Butnu1!36' On second thoughts such a horrible recontre would be unlikely. Saturday is ooly shall day, and the men would be sure to want to get their work over early. It wa-s also extremelyimprobabletbat Aunt Georgina would arrive before the afternoon. Still, id unite 0f all this, we both felt a little nervous, and we taUed a good deal about it during dinner, acd afterward when we retired to my little snuggery — a amokingroom oppoeite the About' o'clock we heard the pos' man's knock, and Margaret flew to get the letters. She brought back a poBt card from Aunt Georgina, and we neatly tore it in two wich both trying to read ic at the same time-— though there was not much to read. I shall giyg to- morrow morning ftt the G. W. hotel, and shall look in upon yon some time in the afternoon,' was all the information it gave us. I drew a long breath of relie - 1 By Jove ! What a blessing,' I Ba'.d. By the time she arrives here, our spare room will he a full-fledged, busioess-like looking bil1 iard room, and she will suspect nothing.' I am sure we both slept better that night than we had all that wesk. Directlv breakfast was over the next nfrniDi wg b6g&n; to Gxpccfc our dibd- I taken a whole holiday— or I should say a half eae as I at ways come home early on Saturdays —in the honour of the bi'liard-tableaod Aunt Georgina. Woen 10 o'clock struck Margaret affirmed it as her opmionthat the men were not coming at all I trid to disabuse ber of this idea. But wheu 11 and 12 had snick and still there was no suns of tbem, I bgan to be alarmed myself, and Margaret walked tip and down between tbe back and front drawiogro >m like a bear iu a cage or a tragedy actress rehearsing her scene. I had just gone to my study for a news paper, when half way down the stairs I heard a shriek from Margaret. I hurried back at once. She was standing by the window. 'Gomel Gome!' was all that she could nay. 'What is it ?' I cried, rushing to the window. 1 The billiard-table ?' 'Alas ! it wall no such vision of bliss. A four-wheeled cab had just drawn np at our door, from the window of which was seen pro- trading the crumpled, blaca face of a pug and a huge nosegay of flowers. 1 Perhaps it is someone come to the wrong house,' I said faintly, catching at a straw. But the next moment the straw was ewvpt away from me, as a stout, fair lady in a tower ing floral bonnet stepped gingerly out of the vehicle, pug iu one hand and flowers in the other. It was no optical delusion. It w&b; Aunt Georgina. _ In another minute she would be in the drawingroom. Wat were we to do? Mar garet, however, d'"d mt lose her presence of xniod even in this unlooked-f »r and awful crisiB. In all the five years of our married life I have never known it desert her. ' Now, Charly,' shesai J, emphatically, what we have to do is to occupy her and keep ber iu this room till the billiard-table arrives ' She looked pale, but dauntless, and I felt my courage rising by force of example. Supposing the table doesn't come at all?' I could not help suggesting dismally. It's sure to come,' she said, catching ber I breath ; ' and try not to look as if anything was the matter.' Well, and here I am, you seel' cried a high-pitched voice? And Aunt Georgina p iled into the room, pug-do fl were, and all, diluting an overpowering odour of patchouli around her. ' I thought you wouldn't mind my dropping in to lunch.' (What a lucky thing this isn't the Palace of Truth, I thought to myself). ' I really con! fn't wa'tany longer to see my dear Maggie.' (Here she rapturously kissed my wife). ' Besides.' she added candidly, 'the? bad nothing I could eat at the hotel ; so I left Hawkins there with my luggage and came on to you straight. I've brought you some flowtrs out of my garden. Of course, I know London florists are jperfec tion, but. after all, there's nothing like . the veal article.' One might have supposed from Aunt Georgina's speech that London florists were in the habit of supplying their customers with artificial blooms. We both murmured our thanks and our delight at her premature appearance, while I sto pped down and patted the pug's broad back, by way of conciliating its mistress. ' Ah, isn't she a dear creature ?' cried Aant Georgina, seizing her in her arms to kiss her. You're a beauty, aren't you, my lovey- dovey V The lovey-dovey snorted and wheezed so apopleticall, in ausw-r to this endearing squeeze that it seemed as if it would never be able to get its breath again. So Aunt Georgina deposited ber on a velvet- covered arm- chair, while she went roand the drawing- room, with Margaret's arm locked in bera, her gold double eye-glass up, exclaiming at and admiring by turns everything she saw, while I followed in her wake, trying not to ook as nervous as I felt. Suddenly, in one of tbe few and distant pauses in Aunt. Georgina's conversation, or gather monologue. I again heard ihe sound of wheels stopping at our do >r; very heavy wheels this time. By ill-luck she was just nesting the front windows, af er having made th tour of tbe room. At once her gold eye- g'A'a was up in its place. ' Why, I declare !' she exclaimed. 'That huge thing lo >ks ut> ii it were stopping at jrour door. You d'm'j m<eu to «ay you've been bun eg a grand piano, you, extravagant Children?' if TOfh?'iUiard- tab I looked at my wife, feeling as if my heart, and, indeed, the whole of my inside, were slowly but surely sinking down into my shoes. I wished the earth would open and swallow me up. But the earth, which is seldom as complaisant as one would desire under such circumstances, refused to budge. Margaret was clasping her hands behind Aunt Georgina's brown silk back. In another moment I felt all would be loBt ; when all of a sudden, in the back drawingroom, arose an unearthly howling and screeching. Margaret s Persian cat had just strolled lazily into the room, in search of a particular arm-chair whico she loved, when she was roughly accosted almost on the threshold by Boulette, who, though somewhat averse to attaching her own species, was not particularly afraid Of a cat But Mrs. Fluff, not appreciating tbe fun of the thing, boxsd her ears soundly two or three times, and a regular scrimmage ensued. Aunt Georgina flew to soothe her howling favourite, while the cat, who had jumped on to t neighbouring cabinet, to the imminent peril of Margaret's collection of gimcrack pottery, glowered with angry green eyes at ner cowardly assailant, her tali the size and consistency of a sweep s chimney- brush. It was none too soon ! As I lo ked oup of the window, tbe men were just hoisting the table out of the cart. Yon keep her here,' Margaret whisperer hurriedly tome. 'I must go and look after them, and tell them not to tread heavily. And ehe vanished from the room. It is rot too much to say that at this moment I was fairly terrified. If I failed, I was responsible to Margaret. I felt a violent desire to Beize Auut Geosgina by the arm, and march her up and down the room, as they do a parson who has swallowed a uarcotic poisoa. A moment more, and the men's feet were distinctly audible tramping past the drawinitoom door. It my wife had told them not to tread heavily, they were certainly not obeying her injunctions. Dear me,' said Aunt Georgina, putting up her eye-glass, as if it enabled her to hear better. ' You don't mean to eay you have workmen in the house still ?' ' I think it is some men coming to look at the pipes,' I replied. P.pea seem usually the things that workmen come to a house to look at, so I felr. it a was eafe thing to say, though not exactly true. Bat Aunt Georgina seemed bent on raves tigating things her«e)f. In fact, her hand was already on the door, while a thrill of horror Bhot through me, when, fortunately, the door itself arrested her attention. Mar garet, who is an adept at painting— on any thing but piper (that is to say, ehe paints on wood, china, terra-cotta, and plush ; but paper she can m-ver manage) — had spent some weeks in decoraring the drawingroom doors, and the result was eminently cha-ming. '.It's very well done, indeed — very well done,' she said, peering through her g'asees at my wife's artistic produc-ions. ' These foxgloves seem growing up q lite naturally out of the grouud. By-the-ivay, where is Maggie gone to?' she exclaimed the nest moment, sinking down on a sofa which stood near. ' I — I think she has gone to look after the luncheon,' I stammered. 1 You see, we are young housekeepers, even yet.' And I smifid a deathly smile. I caught & reflection of my self in the mirror opposite, and it seemed to me that I had absolutely aged since I had got up that morning ' My hair will be white soon,' I thought, ' if this sort of thing goes on much longer.' Dear me 1 said Aunt Georgina, suddenly starting up from her seat, and dropping the eyeglasses through which she had been sfced- fastly regarding me for some time. 'While Maggie is busy, why should you not show me all over the house ? It will be a capital oppor tunity, and the stairs will give me an appetite for luncheon.' I groaned inwardly. I had been dreading that she would make the request all along. I— I'm 'afraid there's nothing to see,' I stammered lamely. ' Nothing to see !" echoed Aunt Georgina. I conclude, if there's nothing worth seeing iu the rooms, there are the roomB themselves ? Are you afraid of its taking too long ? I should think if, as you say, you do not possess a single spare room to offer a visitor, that is not likely. This was 6aid rather stingingly, but I felt that it required a decided answer of some kind. Another crisiB had come. I screwed up my courage to the sticking point ; though, like ' Macbeth,' I felt that I was nothing without my wife. ' To tell you the truth, aunt,' I began, in desperation, ' I am afraid Margaret would not a all like my showing you over the bouse without her Indeed, 1 am sure she would he awfully disappointed. Sbe has been talking about your coming all the week,' I went on, warming with my tbeme ; ' and looking for ward to taking you all over the house, arid showing ycu the new furniture herself, and would be awfully cut up, I'm sure, if I were to plsy cicerone without her.' I felt my own mn again after thus asserting myf-elf, and Aunt Georgina at once looked mollified. It was a bappy thought of miie. I had still another mauvais quart d heure before Margaret made her appearance, during which time I industriously plied my charge with photograph albums and books of prints. As for the billiard-table men, I thought they must have ttken their departure up the chimney, for I heard no more of them on the stairs. Words fail me to express how delighted I was when the dear girl came back to relieve guard. I don't think she had ever made me so happy since the day she sail she would he my wife. Tne lancheon-bell rang very soon after, and as we were going downstairs she managed to whisper to me, while Auut Georgina was attending to her pug, that the table was all right, but the seats had not come. ' So I took the large arm-chair out of your dressingroom and one or two others to put against the walls, and the room looks all right and finished off. They've fixed the rack up, too. and it looks lovely. I made the meu take off their shoes before they went down again. I told them there was someone ill ir> the boue.' 1 Margaret ! I said, reprovingly. ' It's all right, she replied ; 'the cook's got tba toothache. There's no deception.' Oor ordeal was over, and we were safe. We had a most delightful luncheon. Aunt Georgina, who always enjoys her food, thoroughly appreciated it, and I opened a bottle of my bet champagne in her honour. She was iu high good humour, and when afterward we escorted ber in triumph over our boose, she did not turn np ber rose at a single thing, not eve$ at Margaret's marj- coloured early E eatttf Sticks ' whivh I own I can never hold without fl 1 shudder. Her one disparage ug remark was made when, just as Bhe was leaving the house, ehe ' turned round to my wife, who was standing in the hall, and said : . Your house is absolutely perfection , the only drawback to it is that you have no spare room.' ... — — 