Widow Watson. By E. P, WIIITWOItTH, A wet Christmas. You know what tba means on the diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it also means a big washing up, and consequent plenty of gold, with its concomitants, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils' danoe gene rally that characterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of, let us say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on tbe gold-fielda seems to east over the memories of those who have lived long enough to recollect them. The day s of easy getting,and reokleBB spending, of desperate toil and mad revol, of hardships and danger, and thought less waste, of erime perhaps, and suffer ing. And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst those bands of careless and lawloas adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that Bhow all the more brightly for the murky olouds by which they are environed. Such an one, of many I have known, ocours to me now. A wet Christmas, or,' rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the steep hill sides of which the miners sought their rioh treasure, The roads and traoka, suoh as they were, were covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejeoted as she usually does under sueh conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially oleared off, and <the sun even got a ohance now and again to lighten up the prospect with a tearful smile, But melancholy as everything looked out*. side, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound o! revelry, not to say devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to bacco and the odor of rum, and fringod with a garniture of ohoioe digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bullooky Ben, the burly landlord of the " Pick and j Shovel," who was usually of a grumbling disposition, was heard to deolare that there hadn't been such a "roust up," sinoe he'd been in the country. Drinking, swearing, smoking, danoing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card* playing, were in full blast, and poker, euohre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, b? whioh the unholy allianoe of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the scene further ? Those of the olden time who have been In it and of it, will easily realize it, those who have not, never, oan. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just'as the sun WKB giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, the slosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from the direetion of the Tubal Oain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, blaok-bearded, and em« browned by exposure to the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life fought yet not always won. He was olad in the inevitable Bloucned billy-oock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with alay, he looked the very pioture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo« ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that was the soubriquet by whioh he was mostly known, was indeed a hard oase, honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard swearing, graceless reprobate, a type, in short, of a class of whioh there were so many in those days. As he came down the hill and approaohed the fallen tree whioh served as a bridge over the yellow rushing oresk, a sudden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shelter, in a-little shed attached to a small Blab hut a little way baok from the track; and, without intending to ba an eavesdropper, he eould not help overhearing what waa being said in the sorry dwelling. By-and-by his attention and his curiosity were aroused, and as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in the logs, he eould see without being seen, he looked in. The room was meanly and scantily furnished, and by the empty fire place, seated on a low stool, was a woman of Bome thirty years of age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, and, on a roughly constructed bunk of sap lings, sat two other cuildren, girls, of about four and sis respectively, They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, the widow and fatherless children of Harry Watson, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The oompany had buried him, and had done something for the widow, certainly, but ohl so little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved, and never paraded her poverty, she seemed to have dropped out of mind. " I'se doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta Maus to putsumfin' in, den we'shavea dood dinner, eh, mamma ?" the little fellow said, as Curly peered in. The widow's eyes filled with tears, bat she made no reply. "Santa Olaus doesn't some so high up in these ranges as we live," said the elder girl. " Yes he does," said the younger, " don't you remember, once, eO Christmas, he put something in our stockings. I got a bright new sixpence and a doll, But that was be* fore pa died." "I'se doin'to be a big man soon, I ie," said the little boy, bravjly, "den I'se doin' to be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den I's det p'euty money an' fings. Isn't I ma ?" " Oh ohildren, ohildrrn," said the widow, choking back a sob, and smiling, or trying to smile through her fa''ling tears, "we are poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll ba better off some day, and then-and then-" But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. "What mates you ulways try so, ma 1" asked the little fellow, gently Btroking the faded face with his chubby hands. " Oh, my darlings, my poor, innooent,help. less little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. lory because I nave no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything, A little dry damper, that is all> When that's gone, God help us," "God will help UB, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always Bpeak the truth," said the elder girl, caressingly, and olasping the widow round the neok.ana softly kissing her. "Besides I'm not hungry, at least, not very," Ourly could bear no more, He made) as if be would have knooked at the door, ««' after a moment's hesitation, he turned so»y aw&y.; * * # * # The " Piok and Shovel "-and, for the matter of that, every other hotel and shanty in the township-was doing a roaring trade that evening, and Bullocky Ben, his wife, Jim the barman, Moll Dowd, the big, red haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the odd job roan, was as busy as they oould be, reap ing in the golden harvest. The bar was fall, the parlor was fall, so was the long dining room, so was the kitchen, The atmosphere was thiok with tobacco smoke, the noise was uproarious, as Carly strode in from the mad puddle that did duty as the main street. "Hello, Curly 1" shouted Long Nod the packer, as he caught Bight of Gurly'a faoe in the doorway. " Where you been ? Darn me if you don't look aa soared as if you'd seen a ghoBt," There was a lull in the hubbub, as every one in the room turned to look at the new oomer's Bolemn oountenance. He did look soared enough, in sober fact. "Boys," said Ourly, impressively, "I hare seen a ghost, and suoh'a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing, And it's fetohed me, you bet, Fetohed me up all standing, as a feller may say," There was a dead silence, and someone asked: " What have yoa seen ?" " A ghost, mates. The ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghost of undone duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the oard players suspended their games, "Boys," he went on, "I've seen this blessed evening what's, brought tho salt water into my eyes, and by George I I ain't ashamed to say it, You all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two year since come June " Yes, yes." ' " Well, I happened to be passing the Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' the rain, and there I see and hear Bummut as laid me out, knocked the sawdust clean out o', me. There was that poor oreatur' a-sittin' oryin' over them fatherless babbies-oryin', mates, o'oount of having no food to give 'em. Think o' that, boys, this blessed OhristmaB time, and no food to give 'em. I couldn't Btand their in nooenttalk, by George I couldn't, I had to out and run. If I hadn't I should ha' blubbed right out. Now, you've all heer'd o' that Santa Glaus as bring things for kids on Christmas eve ?" " Ybb, yea." "Very well. Thia 'ere'a Christmas ove, and we've had a good waahin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walballa's not goin' to bo played so low . down on as not to have a Santa Glaus of its own, And that Santa Clause is goin' lo the Widder's this very night, on the quiet, aa it wero, We ain't a mean lot o' skunks on theae diggin's, not as!I knows on. There'B my bat, and there's ray pound note in the orown on it. Anybody oan cover it as likes," Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bally, and the most inveterate gambler on the field, rose quietly from the table, saying In, for ,him,a wonderfully soft voice; "Pat down your oards, boys, I'm in this 1 reokon. There's my pound. Who's next There was no need to ask. In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic \- crowd, and notes, gold, and silver were poured into the hat as if by maglo, "Fabs it round here," called someone from tho bar, and the Paotolean stream rolled in, . " PftBB it round tho township," oried one enthusiastic oontributor, "I reokon wa mountain boyB do thinga right up to the nines when wa do 'am at all." 1 And it was done. Some gave in money, . some in kind. The affair by some meanB had spread through the place, and all gave something, the result being that Santa Glaus must have had a very big pack indeed to hold half the offerings of these rough and ready, but generous, dwellers in the wilder neBs,. Tae township appeared to be oppressed with some great and profound aeoret all thai ovening. Men who met in the hotela, Btores, or street, whispered to eaoh other myste rlously, or converged in low, solemn tones. Even the card players at tho taverns seemed to be preoccupied, and Bandigo Sam twice t made a misdeal,a thing hohad never before been known to do within the memory of his oldest ? acquaintance, Q iarrels were made up, old friendships which nad been severed, renewed, and, singular to relate, for the first time in the history of Walballa, the eve of festival was allowed lo pass without a fight, or a solitary individual being "run,rin" to the police camp, It was aa if the''inhabitants had had premonition of some - vast moral earthquake or voloanio erruption. At a little after midnight half a Bcoro of stout fellows, eaoh loaded up with a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been Been moving stealthily along the valley in the dircotion of the widow's residenoe, Tho rain had ooaaed, and a watery moon Bhono in the firmament, now visible, now obsoured by the driving aoud overhead. There waa not a aound save the harsh brawl ing of the swollon creek, and the querulous .whimper of some belated 'possum in tho dis tant bush. Noiselessly they approaohed the log oabin, All waa silence, all darknosB, Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porch, and as noiselessly they glided away again, fading out into tho acmi-darkneaa like BO many Bbadowy apeotreB, Meanwhile the children slept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the angelio quire who hailed tho natal day of the God-ohild with exultant carols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen oenturies before, 'Slept, eaoh with its little stocking pinned above its head in ohildiah faith in the dear old legend wo all know and love to teach. The hours of darkness sped, The ball bird and magpie hailed the advent of the saowd morning with the metallic musio of their joyous notes. The rosy blush of dawn Bpread over the eastern sky, lighting up the peaks that rose tier after tier in the prey dis tance, The fresh crisp wind rustled the leafy screen of the lofty gums and the sweet scented wattle-bloasom, and the mother roae from her lowly obuob to prepare the meagre morning meal with the moiaturo in her eyes, and the dull aobing of blank despair in her heart. No need for her to look into those poor little BtookingB hanging at the bed's head. No neod to'wake the little sleepers to the dis appointment that must oome too soon. She went quietly and silently to work, built up some kindling for the fire, then opened the door to get a stick or two of wood from the small store in the shed, G/eat heavens I what was this ? Was it a dream,? Was it a mookery of the senses ? Waa it witohoraft? A heap of packages huddled into the door, way, and on the topmost one a oard aecurely sewn, and bearing the inscription : "The Widow and ohildren Watson, from Santa OlauB," She staggered baok into the room, ana, ins voice that seemed acarcely her own, called on the little one8 to wake and see this marvel of marvela. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond all wondering. The very embarrass ment of richoa. Tho ohildren had never seen anything like it before, Flour, tea, sugar, butter, oheese, baoon, a fat goose, tinned meats-why go on enumerating, There waa everything human eye had ever seen, or human heart could desire. Food of all kinds, materials for clothing, such few toyb aa the township could afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value, And, last of all, the little boy came to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of canvas. " Here mamma," he said, " he's a ? ickle heavy one, I tan't 'ift it," The mother raised it from the ground. It watf heavy, very heavy for its eis?e. On opening it what waB her astonishment to find it filled with money, paper, gold, eilver of all denoiQina> tions, Her heart was full, " Oh my darlings, " she oried in an estaoy of gratitude, "we shall never know want again, never, never, never. Kneel down with me and pray God's best blessing on those who at this festive season have not forgotten to remomber the Widow and the Fatherless in their aflliotion. Yea, and they shall be blessed, Amen, and Amen, Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis> tant, might have been Been the stalwart form of Ourly, As she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heaven, he flashed red through his bronzed skin, tamed awkwardly away, and Blunk quietly through the buBh as if afraid of being deteoted, Ii9t us go with him, and leave Widow WatBon to pour out her aoul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in the heavens, and whose meroy endareth for over, * 