LAST NIGHT'S TELEGRAMS. Terrifllc Floods on the Railway. Pnoir tho station authorities we learn that some fifteen feet of tho railway lino on this sUloof Grandchester havo been washed away by the excessive rains, tho floods there being the heaviest over experienced. The mail train due lierQ nt t.t\n ' n'nlrw.ir Inaf. i,.»l.f. _._ .. therefore nuablo to reach Toowoomba, and got no further than Western Creek, where the lino hoing fouud impassablo, it was proposed that the train should take tho, passengers back to Rosewood for hotel accommodation. The train that left here at 4.50 last night is delayed at Laidlay. It 'was expected that the lino would be .repaired' this morn, ing, gangers having been sent from Brisbane mid enable tlie trains to make their destinations. Tho telegraph lino and posts have been washed away, and tho only means of -communicating with Brisbane by wiro is via Tainbo and Rockhampton. Wo can givo our readers no ' last uight s telegrams,' this morning. Cory and Tayloh's Sam.— Wo aesiro to direct attention to the salo of a fine herd of 150 head of pure-bred shorthorn cattlo which belonged to tho lato Mr D'Arcv M'Dougall Tho cows were brod by Mr Charles Baldwin, and tl.oir progony are by m.1., n f,'T th° 'utal ll0nl8 °f F;slier, MDuugall (Victoria), and Dumarcsquo. St. Aubyns The sale will take place at the Corporation bale Yards, on Wednesday n'ext and will bo au opportunity for farmers and wiT^0btaJailie olwis8 PtariWef Wood ' n«t m?t wife wwy 4»y, *♦ Toowoojiba Debating- Sooikty. — Owing to^ tho iuclomency of tlio weather the com mittee decided on Thursday afternoon- not to hold tho usual wcolcly meeting and conse quently the election of officers and transaction of business will take place next Thursdny. Justices ov tub Peace.— At tho Police Court on Wednesday last, Ludolph Wittenberg and Ed. Wilcox, Esqs. appeared before the Police Magistrate, and subscribed the usual oath of allegiance as Justices of the Peace. OnTGonro- Maim.— On Wednesday next the mails for the outgoing Torres Straits steamer, will bo inado up at tho Toowoombu Post Office as follows : — Money orders 3 p.m., registered letters 5 p.m., newspapers, parcels, and Utters '8 p.m. J. M'KlNNBr, Hairdressor, and Tobacconist Rnthven- streot, can cut your hair, shave, and titivato you, (two at a timo if required), in tho most fashionahlo manner, with neatness and despatch, besides supplying at moderate prices, all the best brands of cigars and tobacco. A trial respectfully solicited. — Advt. DnuNK and Disorderly.— At the Police Court on Thursday Alex. Mcllardy was fined 10s. Gd. with the option of 21 hours imprison mont for drunkednoss. On Friday the same offender was charged with disorderly conduct and pleading guilty was mulcted in tho sum £1, failing payment of which incarceration in' the cells for 48 hours. D. AND T. A. AND H. SOCIBTY'S EXHIBI TION.— -The prize schedule of the annual exhibition of tho Drayton and Toowoomba Agricultural and Horticultural Society will be found in the extra supplement of this issue, and from it our readers will sue that tho efforts to increase tho number of prizes, and widen the-scopo, and usefulness of the association have been thoroughly-successful. Gallant Rkscue by a Giiil. — A boy aged 12 fell off tho pier at Portsea Victoria, on Wednesday morning into deep water. A girl named Eipjey, aged 12, living - at Port Melbourne, jumped in with her clothes on rind held up the boy's head for several minute!) until further assistance arrived. A Nkw Ordrr of KNionTnooD. — Be- fore the commencement of the Jubilee year the Queen, it is said, will be petitioned to. create a new Order to mark the event.. . This' Order, it has been suggested, should be called ' The Rose,' and it is intended by those who aye pressing the matter forward that the re cipients should he distinguished in literature or art. Pebsentation to Mb Habdino. — Wo are very plcaiod to sco that an appropriate and graceful recognition of tho services rendered by Mr Harding, Curator of the Botanic Gardens, to their exhibitions, lias been offered by the members of the D. D. Horticultural Association who, on Thursday last presented Mr Harding, with a handsome silver medal, o ? one side of which is engraved, 'To Mr Harding, Curator of the,B.-tanic Gardens, for his efforts to make the exhibitions a success,' while the converse bears tho inscription, 'Darling Downs Horticultural Association.' All- who know how willingly Mr Harding adds to the beauty of not only the. Horticultural Society's exhibitions, but all others in town, and who .know that ho is debarred from competition, will be. pleased to learn that his ever ready courtesy and kindness havo been thus pleasingly recognised. CAinys News. — A telegram from Cairns under date ' of tho 10th says : — The Customs returns for the first fortnight of this year show a substantial increase upon the corres ponding period of last year. — The tobacoo and rice crops in tho districts . are looking exceedingly well. — Tho criminal . libel case, H. M. Chester, v. A. Draper editor of tho Caints Chronicle, was lmtird' yosterdBy at the Police Court, ami resulted in tho defendant being committed for trial at To-,ynsville. Bail hi the sum of £100 was allowed.— Intense indignation is felt bore at tho Government putting off tho costvuetion of the sceond section of the Cairns-Herberton railway. Public indignation meetings will be hold both here and at Horberton to express disapproval of tho conduct of the Ministry. Queensland Scottish.— -Tho Courier says: A meeting of the executiro committee of the Queensland Scottish Ililles was held on Thurs day night at the Adelaide-street drill-shed. The officers present included Lieutenant Colonel tho Hon. Sir Thos. M'llwrnith, Major John Stovcnson, Captain John Wilson, Captain Robinson, (Rockhamptqn), and Captain Oswald (Ipswich). Various cf : x-pany matters concern ing the Queouj.land ^ 'jttish generally were discussed. Tho inewbors were afterwards entertained at the Royal Hotel. Licutenaiit Colouel Sir Thos. H'lhvraith proposed tho health of tho visitors, which was responded to by Captains Oswald and Robinson. The Lieutenant-Colonel was similarly honoured. A deputation of officers was appointed to wait on the Colonial Treasurer with a viow to dis cussing financial mattors affecting the ooujpanios and also to endeavour to gain increased accommodation for drill. All About A Rat. — A rather curious case will shortly bo heard before the tribunal of a German town, tho original cause of which is a rat. It seems that somo time ago the house of an inhabitant o£ the town was invaded by a number of rats, and to get rid of them the following stratagem was rosovted to. The iuinato of the house caught one of the intru ders', tied a string of little bells round its neck and let it go. The rat, on regainmg its liberty, wont to rejoin its fellows, but the latter, scared by the jingling of the bells, fled from the house, and sought domicile elsewhere; As for the one with the bells attached, it chose a neighbouring house for its abode, and it was t'lis that loci to tho present lawsuit. The . inmate of the house was awoke one night by the mysterious jingling of a bell, and unable to account for the sound, he (pake about the matter to his family and household. The worthy people were extromely superstitions, '' and when on 'several aucceoding nights tho tinkling of bells was distinctly heard by every one, the only conclusion that could he reached was that the house was haunted. Under this impression the servants quitted their places, their mistress foil ill; in fact, to thepoace and tranquility that had formerly reigned was suc ceeded by terror and alarm. Ultimately it chanced that tho ' ghost ' — that is to say, the rat — wascaught, and upon tho much-tormented family learning who hod belled the creature, it was decided to bring an action against him to obtain compensation for all the worry his stratagoin had occasioned hia neighbours. D. D. Rifle ClUB. — The annual meeting of tho club. was held at tho drill-shed on Fri \- day tho 14th inst. There was a fair attend ancc. Tho balance-sheet showed that £-iO were civen in prizes during the yoar, mainly * owing to a few f riendtt of rifle shooting. . A small balance remained' in hand; Comment was froely made on the Def once Pored authori ties' neglect of so important a branch of de fence as this. . The destruction of the butts iu their unfon'ced state, by cattle, necessitated continued patching . every competition, .'lhe club declined to shave the expense with A Company in rescuing tho butts front tho state of complete wreck into which they had re cently fallen, as they refuse to recognise that the lue'.of the range involves keeping it in re pair from private funds. A return match with tho Police Club, Brisbane had to beforgoue ti9 the Brigade Office .refuse railway passes to tho pledged dofondors of their country, thus retarding rather then promoting an interesting and healthy rivalry in efficiency with the ride i.-4-...nnii nltitia A fiimilnv Mmlinnm) from A Company, Brisbane, was declined for the same reason. Tho following officers were olected for the current year, President, James Stir ling ; Vice- president, J. McDonald ; Secretary D. 'Black; Treasurer, Jus, Stirling: Commit tee-, Messrs. black, C. Kinealy, J. Walker, G. Horton, J. Melvir., I. K iuuear, W. Annand. Tho President intimated that he would give £3 3s, towards providing a trophy ftw cow pttitton w m»y oe wt«pged, ~ — '~ — '?&»?'' ? : ? T. P. b7 B. & I. Society:— Tho aoove society aro ; now prepared to issue paid up shares of £20 oach, bearing interest at eight (8) per cout., payable half-yearly, with par ticipation in the profits. Stafford.1 House. — Mrs Crosby, late of Bell street, having rentod Hint largo and commodious houso lately occupied by Mrs Davoney, situated in Campbell stroet, Mort, Estato, and overlooking tho railway .station, bus accommodation for scverulboarders.*? Terms on application — Advt. '? ' Dbntistby.— W. A Noblo, Dental Sur geon, mny bo consulted daily at bis Medical Hall, Uutlivenstrcet, Toowoomba. Teeth stopped, scaled, and extracted iu a satisfac tory manner. Intending patients aro requested to call during daylight, if possible — W. A. Noble, Toowoomba. Facts.— Noblo's Pills cure Bilious Head ache, Noble's genuine Soidlita Powders aro a good refresher and the best mild aperient. They cool1 tho blood; try them. Noble's Gol den Eye Drops and, Golden Bye Ointment cure blight, and inflammation of tho eyes like magic. . All supplied at Noble's Medical Hall W. A. Nome, Pharmaceutical Chemist, and Dental Surgeon, Ruthven-street, Toowoomba. ? Dentistht.— J, GooDBlCKj Registered Surgeon Dentist (late London), can be Con sulted at all bourn of. tho duy and night, at his business, corner of Ruthven and Russell Streets, Toowoomba Tho latest improved Instruments and Methods aro used for tho ex traction of jGcth, rendering tho operation nearly painless. Stopping, Scaling, etc., care fully executed. N.B. — The public are ad vised against placing' themselves in tho hands of unqualified people calling themselves Den tist', &c.; J. Goodrick is the only qualified Dentist in Toowomba. — Advt. . Towlk's Pennvrotal and Stkel Pills for Fkmai.es quickly correct ail inegnlari tieB, and relievo tho distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid and 2s. 9(1., of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Prepared only by The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co. Lincoln, England. Wholesale of all the Wholesale Houses. Beware of lmitaions Solid CoirrorcT. — Everyone likes to tako solid comfort and it may be enjoyed by every one who* keeps Dr Bells' Hitters iu the house and takes a few doses at the first symptoms of an attack of malaria, rheumatism, biliousness, jaundice or any affection of tho liver, kidneys or bowels: '^It.-jjs ti purely vegetable compound of roots, leaves and berries known to have special valus in kidney troubles. Added to . these are remedies acting directly on the liver and bowels. It removes the cause of disease and fortifies the system against new attacks. A Father Murdhbs uis Wife and Child ren.— Atlanta (Ga ). Doo. 17.— On Thurs day, shortly, after midnight, tho house of John Swilling wai burned dowu. Inside wcro Mr Swabing. Ih3 -yifo, and threo children all of whoniiwero burned to death. Fraueii Saunders was a-rcste'd, and confessed that ht had crushed in tho skulli of of tho sleeporp, Saturated tho bod clothes with ooul oil, applied a match and left. The citizens soiza.i the murderer and carried him off to lynch him. *& rumour has reached horo that Sau.idars tims tied to a tree and burned to death Riot in a Ontmcii. — Tho Ma'bourg corres pondent -io|f -the Queensland Times says : — There has, for soma past, existed much ill feeling among tho members of the German Baptist Church, at Marburg. I believe it is with spocial reference to a choice of prcauher or leader, This ill-feeling ruaohod .i climax on Sunday last, when the leaders of the rival parties both entered the pulpit, and, amid much unseemly clamour eudeavourod to officiate-. V'he discord of opposition ; hjmus ecems to have added the neceasarv.fuel to tho flame, for a free fight ensued, ami; I uuder stand,^.the loador of tho minority was igno miniously? hurled from tha pulpit.' Many persons were roughly handled, and the riot — for such it was -attained such proportions that it was found necessary to call in the assistance of a J.P. and two constables. The people were quickly turned out of the church, and the door was locked upon them. I hear that solicitor jfhave beau ougngbd, and the case is to oome before the Court. Mining Fatality at Ii'3Wiaii, — The Queensland Tjaics says : — On T icEday nftar noon last, a sad and fatal accident ocuurrod a: Mr Lewis Thomas's Abcrdara coal mine, at Black8tone. It appears that liMward Gardiuer — a^lgan about forty yours of age — and his sou were einployod in a portion of that colliery, and were working side by side picking under a seam of coal, when, suddenly, without any previous warning, a mass of mineral fell upon tho father, the son happily escaping uninjured. The unfortuuate man was immediately released, but it was found that life was extinct, He novcr utterod a syllabic aftor the accident. His back, about the region of the kidneys, --va3 all cut and bruised, aud life must hava been immediate!} crushed out of him, Ho was at onou conveyed to the surface, and a messenger ssnt to the Polices Magistrate, who resides a short dis tanoe from the mino, informing him of tho circumstance. Mr Yaldwyn gave an order for the burial of tho'body. Word was sent in to Senior Sergeant O'Driscoll, and he sent out Senipr-Coustablo M'Cartney, who made in quiries as to the cause of tho accident and attended to other minor details. From him we loam that the deceased, up to the time of his death, resided at Booval, and that he leaves babind him a widow and four children, tho eldest of whom was working with hitu at the tim; of the^nccident. An inquiry into the ciroumstances attending the deceased's will be hold some time next woek, whon the Inspector of Mines is expectel to be present. 