OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS FOLK-LORE. AND [BY ELFIN. J XIIL—SACKLF1CE. A belief that the world was peopled with Bpirits differing from men chiefly in that they were invisible and more. powerful led to the performance of certain rites by which to secure the good offices of these spiritual orders. In times of need their aid was invoked by incantations, and their favour bought by gifts, which were supposed to appease and gratify them. Men early learnt the potency of gifts, and that it waa useless to present a prayer to their chiefs or headmen unless their requests were backed by some substantial contribution. Those spirits whom they feared and invoked were the manes of their ancestors. In the other world they needed food, prized the possession of wealth and power, and desired personal attendants as much as when alive among their people. The simplest offerings were those which comprehended the fruits of the field and orchard, accompanied by libations, mostly of fermented liquors, which moat tribes, however barbarous, have learnt to manufacture. The first- fruits were solemnly laid before the symbol of adoration, when it waB believed the Bpiritual counterparts of these oblations were partaken of by the unseen beings for whom they were intended. The sacrifice of animals supplied a double purpose, not only providing food, if the spirits'BO desired, but the spiritual counterparts of the animals slain in sacrifice passed into the unseen state and became attendants on those to whom they were dedicated. The life passed away at the altar only to reappear in the next world, where it was henceforth the property of the manes to whom the offering had been made. The rites of human sacrifice would have been meaningless and worth' less to the gods, demons, or manes, if the equivalents of persons thus sacrificed had not passed over to the next world to swell the retinue or minister to the happiness of these spiritual potentates, The agency of fire as a quick means of transmitting dedicated persons and things to the other state was early introduced into the rites of sacrifice, and has generally been considered an essential element in these propitiatory offerings. Fire became, indeed, the very symbol of sacrifice, and was retained in religious rites even when the crude ideas which gave rise to its use had been outgrown by higher intelligence. It forms a leading feature in folk-lore,'and from the clearness with which some of the customs involving tne W ?f can be traced tg their origin it is one of the most interesting departments of our subject. _ It has been a universal belief that the ghosts of the departed linger about the scenes of their mortal life. Hence the prevalent dread of sleeping in a room where a death has recently occurred. Should the death have been the result of violence, either by murder or suicide, it was henceforth " the haunted house," and as a consequence would probably be shut up till the place fell into ruins. Up to quite recent timeB there was scarcely a town or village in England that had not its haunted house from some such a cause. This superstition is but the modern form of the primitive belief in local and house spirits, 1 1 • which must ' be propitiated ' otherwise they would take revenge in endless mischief. In the old German and Scandinavian communities a new settlement or a new habitation was always inaugurated by an offering being made to appease the tutelary spirits of the place. A living human victim was often built into the foundations of the new building, or the first stake of the structure was driven through the body of the victim as a sacrifice to the local unseen powers. These human sacrifices were continued throughout Northern Europe into the ninth century. Tradition says, St Columba could make no progress in the erection of the monastery in Iona until he buried a man (St Oran) alive under its foundations to appease the Bpirits of the island, after which the work went on without interruption. Bodies have been found under the walls of old Saxon Churches in a way that strongly suggests that their burial was contemporaneous with the founding of these Churches, but whether buried alive or not cannot be determined. These propitiatory sacrifices at the building cf a new house have a very remarkable survival in France, where the tenant kills a cock on the day of his entering the new domicile; otherwise, it is said, he will die before the year is out. In England various ceremonies of a like meaning are observed by parties removing to a fresh house, such as throwing a bag of salt in first, or carrying the Bible in as the first piece of furniture introduced, so as to insure " good luck." It would appear that the French sacrifice of a cock and the English s&ltbag; and Bible, mark three in the passage from pagan to Christian sentiments. In these rites belonging to the household it is interesting to observe the importance assigned to the threshold and the hearth. The hearth, where the fire was ever kept burning—the sacred firo lit from a source where it had been origi nated by means of friction, was the Bjmbol of the presence of the house gods or spirits. These were distinguished as 'hearth spirits';" ^for it was beneath the hearth that the tutelary spirits of the family were supposed to make their abode, Hence the cry, "for hearth and home," has ever been with the Germanic people the most sacred and patriotic appeal that could be raised. It was to our rude ancestors the equivalent of "for religion and hjme." The Threshold, waa second in its sacredness only to the hearth itself, for it was the entrance to the family circle. To stumble on the threshold was an evil omen, and the symbol of introducing a bride to the new domestic circle and ite privileges was-given by lifting her over the threshold as sbe entered her new home. This recognition of the house spirits is very strikingly seen in the domestic fairies, already treated of, and which in recent times got the designation of Brownies," or seme such local name. In the old-fashioned English farmsteads the goodwill of these household fairies was carefully considered and retained by sundry little gifts. Bowls of milk and cream were placed in snug corners for the dusky sprites,, who could appreciate such attentions and enjoy the simple fare when no curious eye was watching them. Or, in milking cows, a little milk was spilt at various places with the same intent. In the Orkneys it was a custom to have a stone with a hole in it about the farmstead, which was known as " Brownit'u stone," and into the hole in this stone a portion of milk was duly poured " for Brownie," as also beer, when the latter was being brewed. The penalty for not making such offerings to the house spirit was that, otherwise, the milk would get spilt, the butter would not come in the churn, or the beer would spoil in the making. The Brownie of the family was in some way supposed to represent the good fortune of the family, descending from father to son, and there can be little doubt that the reverence paid to these hou£je Bpirits was 8; mply a mod ifi ca tion of the primitive rites of ancestor worship. Perhaps the most striking survivals of the pagan rites of sacrifice in English I folk-lore are found associated with the ' change of the seasons and with agricul- - • ture. Agriculture unites the present with the past more intimately than any other of the vocations of life ; whilst the tillers of the ground are, as a class, the least . affected by those modifying influences 1 which have of late years tended to sweep , away the popular customs and traditions of the people. It is to this class mainly . that we have to look for the remnants of folk-lore that still survive, and the most perfect examples are found associated with the cultivation of the land, the care of flocks and herds, the critical periods of the year with regard to the crops, and especially in the harvest, which is the crown and consummation of all agricultural labour. Martin, in his " Western iBles of Scotland," says that on Candlemas Day, which falls on February 2, and is the feast of the purification of the Virgin Mary, the peasantry, after dressing up a sheaf of oats in woman's clothes, puts the image into a basket with a wooden club. The members of the house just before getting into bed cry three times, "Briid is come, Briid is welcome." In the morning they examine the ashes on the hearth for the impress of Brad's Club, which, if they can discern, it is the sign of a prosperous year. The dressed-up sheaf might very well be intended to represent the goddess Ceres (or the equivalent goddess of agriculture, as known in the Northern mythology), who was appealed to for a Messing on the grain sown at that season of the year. The ceremony being performed on the day of the feast of the Virgin Mary would imply that the latter had become associated with the pagan goddess in this rural certmony. The "Harvest home," whilst generally marked by more or less demonstrations of joy throughout the land, has lost much of that quaint picturesqueness which formerly attended the last load in its home-coming. In the North of England the time-honoured "kern supper" is still held when the fanner and his harvesters join in a round of mirth, on perfect equality, to mark tile ingathering of the year. The last load comes in decorated with branches and flowers; the harvest horn is blown, and lusty lungB proclaim the happy consummation in a few doggerel lines of verse. The "Kern-baby," which was an image dressed up with corn and flowers, and which probably represented the Roman Ceres, as above, is now almost extinct, but the old custom of hanging up a few ears of corn in the farmer's kitchen, and retaining them there until harvest came round again, is still respected in many places. Less importance is attached to this custom now than formerly, for it was once regarded with superstitious feelings, and a farmer would on no account allow this remnant of the harvesting to be taken down till the time for replacement with the newer corn came round lest his crops should fail. It was probably originally a votive offering to the gods of plenty. In reaping the fields it was an old English • • ; ! j custom to leave a corner uncut, which was known either as "the good man's portion" or " the bad man's portion," the difference of terms probably ^ingfrom whether the idea of tacrifice comprehended ¥n an - n * Hr r,fa fnr a thank-offering to the good spirits " for their bounty, ot an offering of propitiation to the Evil One that he might do them no harm. In Scotland some of the ancient customs relating to infancy included certain ceremonies in which fire played an important part. Thus, fire was carried round about the mother after accouchement, and also round the infant before it was christened, and having returned home from the christening the baby was finally passed three times over the fire. These customs have a close resemblance to rites of a similar character observed in pagan Greece, and were apparently intended to signify the dedication of the child to the gods of the household. The Christian form of dedication took place in the kirk, and the pagan dedication over the sacred fires cf the hearth. Nurses were also accustomed to wash the babies in water that had been heated, not in the ordinary way, but by placing hot coals or iron in the water. All kinds of virtues were attributed to water thus heated, it being " healing," " strengthening," " protecting,'"' &c.; In the North of England old ladies and nurses have great faith in " cinder tea" as a cure for gripes in infants, the said cinder tea being made by dropping a red-hot eoal into water, and administering - the water thus warmed to the in&at.; This remedy was used by a nurse who had charge of an infant in- my family a few years ago whilst we were- residing on the Tyne. This was no dcubt the primitive method of heating water, Mid a reversion to this obsolete method' in the case of infants, for their better protection, is suggestive of an appeal to house spirits who once ruled the fates of the family. The incessant crying of a griped infant would appear as though some evil'spell •was upon it, and to break this evil influence what could be so effective as a glowing coal from the hearthstone of the tutelary spirits of the household? The fires which a few years ago were very commonly lighted on some eminence on the 1st of May have a Celtic origin. They are (or were) known both in Scotlaud and Ireland as " Bealtain" or "Bael Fyr," that is the fires of Bael, the sun-god of the ancient Celtic and other northern nations—a name which is remarkably similar to Baal, the sun-god of the old | Phoenicians. So also in the rites associated with these respective divinitiesthere is a striking likeness in the altars upon I high places, the burning fires, and the passing through the fires, common to both the Liie Phoenician j. and Celtic peoples. How th«e "rTt"rwere"kept" up m~Sc»tland at I the close of the last century has been | siaphicaUv told by an eye-witness:— '' Upon the 1st of May, which is called | Saltan or Bal-tein-day, all the boys in a township or hanJet meet on the moor. They cut a table in the green sod. of a round figure, by cutting a trench of such circumference as to hold the whole company. They kindle a fire, aaid dress a repast of eggs and milk of the consistence of a custard. They knead a cake of meal, which is toasted at the embers against a stone. After the custard is eaten up, they divide the cake into so many portions, as similar &3 possible to one another in size and shape, as there are pereons in the company. They daub one of these portions all over with charcoal until it be perfectly black. They put all the bits of the cake into a bonnet. Every one, blindfold, draws out a portion. He who holds the bonnet is entitled to the last bit. Whoever draws the black bit is the devoted person who is to be sacriS^d to Bail, whose favour they mean to implore in rendering the year productive of the sustenance of man and beast. There is little doubt of these inhuman sacrifices having been once offered in this country as well as in the East, although they now omit the act of sacrificing, and only compel the devoted person to leap three tiroes through the flames." The reason why May Day was chosen for such a festival was, no doubt, because our Celtic ancestors reckoned it as the beginning of summer, and, therefore, a suitable time for special propitiatory sacrifice to their sun-god. suu-uuu ^ At Bewcastle and neighbour- hood (Cumberland) these May fires are known^ " Tandlet E'en," and were described to me by one *ho had taken ! part in them as follows:—"A bonfire of ' peats was first made, the neighbours ranging themselves meantime into two parlies, one to defend the bonfire and the other to attempt a raid upon it. The man who could successfully carry off a burning peat, in spite of the defenders, was reckoned victor or prizetaker." This curious contest may have originally represented a sun myth, portraying the struggle of the seasons and the victory of the sun over winter. These sun-fires were also lighted on Midsummer's Day (that iB, the Bummer solstice) and on November 1, which was considered the end of summer, and was, moreover, Halloween, the night of liberty for the occupants of the lower regions, who came in dusky swarms over hill and dale. What so fitting as to light up the . sacred fires of Baal on the hilltops to limit their mischief-making powers ? At each of these seasons you may still find the custom of bonfires kept up in the : secluded parts of Northumberland aud elsewhere, whilst the names (" Bael" and " Tandlet") by which they are known to the country people is evidence of their great antiquity. But what was a solemn religious rite to our ancestors is now mainly left to the juveniles ; aud as they jump, even yet, through the fires, they symbolize a dark period of human history when they might., indeed, have been offered in actual sacrifice to secure the favour of BaaL The name of this Celtic divinity survives in many placenames and remarkable physical features of \ the country. Yenerir; Bel, on the borders ' of Scotland ; Belan, in Montgomeryshire ; ' Belan Banks, in Shropshire; Baal Hills, : in Yorkshire; Balerium, the ancient name of the Land's End; Bel Tor, in Devonshire; besides numerous illustra- ' tions on the Continent show how widely : spread the rites of this Celtic deity were ! acknowledged. The evidences are tha ' more interesting in that the names usually belong to conspicuous hills, and these often bear evidence of Druidical remains on their summits. j We can only find room for one more illustration, which, according to an English paper published in 1879, " is one of the few remnants of ancient customs Etill observed pretty generally in Herefordshire. On the eve of old Christmas Day there are thirteen fires lighted in the corDfields of many of the farms, twelve of tbem in a circle and one round a pole much longer and higher than the rest in the centre. The fires are dignified with the names of the Virgin Mary and Twelve Apostles, the lady being in the middle, and while they are burning the labourers retire into some shed or outhouse, where they can behold the brightness of the apostolic flame. Into this Bhed they lead a cow on whoBe horn a large plum cake has been stuck, and having assembled around the animal the oldest labourer takes a pail of cider and addresses the following lines to the cow with great solemnity, after which the same verse is chanted in chorus by all present:— Here's to thy pretty face and milk-white horn; Heaven send thy vaster a good crop of corn, Both wheat rye, and barley—all sorts of grain— And next year, if we live, we'll dtink to thee again. He then dashes the cider in the cow's face, when, by a violent toss of the head, she throws the plum cake on the ground, and if it falls forward it is an omen that the next harvest will be good ; if back- ward, that it will be unfavourable. This is the ceremony at the commencement of the rural feast, which is generally prolonged to the following morning." Nothing ;ou!d be more complete than this rural sacrifice except in the one particular of not taking the life. There is the ox for sacrifice, the sacred fires in full view, the cake for the altar, the libations in cider, the solemn invocation for a prosperous year, and even the divination, which was always an attendant of sacrificial rites. All this in the latter half of the nineteenth century! An inlier (to use a geological simile) of paganism amidst a Christian order that is thirteen centuries old. No better illustration could be given of the persistence of popular beliefs and the value of folk-lore in tracing the social, historical, and religious progress of the human race. 