The Advertiser. PUnlrilslED EVEIIY TUESDAY, TUIISDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Iairsdiale, Saturday, February 20, 1S37. SEYv nCr, gentlemen connected with the shipping and mercantile interests met at Petersen's Club Hotel on Thursday, for the purplos of considering the un satisfactory, state-of affairs in connec tion With telegraph communication be tween the Entrance and Bairnsdale, and likewise relative to the dangerous snags in the chimnel and Reeves' River. The very unsatisfactory man ner in which telegrams are despatched, and the vexatious delay in the' delivery of the messages transmitted to the Cuninghame office, were referred to in strong terms, and it was unanimously decided that a strenuous effort should be made to induce the department to again remove the telegraph office to the old entrance, and likewise to sup ply a mounted messenger to the office. It will be seen that our Cuninghame correspondent suggests the appoint ment of a messenger to the office as a remedy for the existing evil-for evil he admits exists-and urges that if this be done it will be immaterial whether the site of the office be at the old or new entrance. The tone of our correspondent's letter would imply that our comments on this matter were regarded as strictures upon the efficIency of the operator, and he defends, and justly, too, that official from a supposed attack. We .may, however, set both our correspondent and the operator at their ease regard. ing this, for we did not intend directly or indirectly to cast -any reflection upon the operator, and the whole of our observations wern directed against the department and its regulations. We know full well that had it not been for a little personal inconvenience oneo felt by an e.Potmstmastr-General, there would have been no agitation whatever for the removal of the office, and we are equally well aware the operator must be at his post, that he cannot leave the office to deliver messages, neither can he, from the position of the office, supply as regular or complots shipping telegrams as if he icere stationed at the old Entrance. It will matter little to shippers and merchants whether the office -remains in its present position so long as its efficient working-that is, in the shipping interest-be not, impaired, and that efficioncy can only be main. tained by making-ample provision for complete and regnular gnals from pilot to operator in the first place, in order that the information may be regularly transmitted to the different ports, and in the second place for the appoint ment of a messenger to deliver all telegrams received at Cuninghame. The mooting condemned in no men sured terms the action ot the do. partment in leaving dangerous snags shero the principal navigation lies, while the whole rnd solo attention appears directed towards clearing streams little used, or for the purpose of heeding the convenience of indivi. duals. On this subject a very decided opinion was expressed, and in the course of, a day or two petitions will be forwarded to the members for the district, who :will be requested to at their very earliest convenience inter view the departments and use their utmost influenco.to have the wishes of the residents carried into effeet. We hope that the agitation once begun will be continued, for it is high time that some little interest was evinced in getting the requirements of Bairns. dale and district attended to, and not that they should be for over ruthlessly neglected. TilE Postal Department are inviting tendors for the conveyance of inland (mails tbr the 18S7--90 service, such teoders to be retllrnablo by Tuesday, the 15th of Mlarch. As the lnaturn of these services is of the utmost im portanco to many localities in Gipps land, it would be extremely advisable for all interested in the matter to poruso them carefully, in order to arrive at a conclusion as to hiow far they will serve the respective require. IonIts of the different places, or wllhler they are inadequato to meeot thi requisite public convenicnce of the r esidents. II the first place it will be observed that all the arrangenllts areof t sniiilar charactertothosen lw ill opera. lion, apparently no attention having boen paid to the growing requirements of the tmany localities, or the greater postal localities rendtlred necessary by the increase in population which has taken place since the moribund con tracts wore signed. Provision is made for only a tri-wekly mail to Omeo, which is an undoubted mi;stake, for we fbll convinced it is now absolutely necessary there should be daily coim munication between Bairnsdalo and Omeo. Stops should at once be taken to place the department in possession of statistics to demonstrate that noth ing short of a daily servico will meet public requirements, and if this were done, we cannot but think the depart ment would grant such daily novice. In the next place it cannot be regarded in any other4light than-as a positive injustice to the Snowy River to per petuate the slow and tedious bi-weekly communication, for the rapid progress made in that locality, the great in crease in settlement there, and the shipping.and mercantile interests do veloping to a marked degree, demand that at least a tri-weekly mail should be conceded. For a lengthened period coaches have been leaving Cunning hame for the Snowy River three days a, week, and, for a time, five days - week; in fact, it would appear as if a tri-weekly coach were not sufficient, inasmuch as two separate vehicles are running on this route. It. necessarily, follows, if two coach proprietors can find suflicient traffic, the cost of the extra mail per week would boe;.fnsignificant as compared with the great' convenience the tri weekly mail would be to the public, and: consequently:the most strenuous offorts should be made to obtain such a boon.. The Snowy River is now a district of great impor tance, and.is developing into what in a . very. short time will" be a prominent shipping depot, and naturally every effort should be made 'to grant those interests every facility for postal and telegraphic com munication with other places. That this will not be afforded by a bi.weekly service is certain, and unless a tri weekly mail be granted, an injustice will be done the place. We have but casually, referred to these shortcomings in order that some movement may be initiated to get them remedied, and we might advise that no time should be lost. It -must 'be bore in mind that the' department will not take any action unless tirged to do so, conse quently it remains for those interested to decide whether they will remain content with the existing mail arrange ments, or endeavor to have their postal requirements attended to and im proved. We are compelled to hold over our Bullumwaal letter and other matter. We give in another column the melancholy particulars of the Lake Tyors boat accident. The Miss Dunn wiho met with such an untimely death was sister to Mrs. King, the-wife of Mr. L. W. King, shipping and for warding agent, and we feel confident we but echo the sentiments of all when we express the greatest sympathy for them in their deep affliction. When Sergeant Goodenough re teived intelligence that the body of young Smith had been recovered, he immediately communicated the fact to the coroner, who is at Buchan, and doubtless Mi-. Staveley will proceed at once via Bruthen to hold the neces. saly inquest. Regarding the case of Chapman against the shire, at the conclusion of same, under instruction from the pre sident of the council, the shire solicitor took counsel's opinion respecting the ease, and likewise regarding the future position of the council relative to the swamp. Tbe- committee, in whose hands the case was left, will meet in a day or two tpo decide as to further action, and at the council meeting on Tnursday the whole facts will be laid before the members, and a decision arrived at asto future proceedings. On Thursday the owners of the steamer Avon,' met the shippers and consignees, in order to determine what was best to be done under the unu toward circumstances of the bar being unnavigable, and there being little prospect of the steamer crossing.for some time., .Everything that had been done since the steamer left Melbourne was explained, and after fully discus sing the question, it was unanimously decided that the Avon should return to Melbourne and land the cargo, it being considered unadvisablo to land it at Port Albert in consequence of the difficulty of getting carriers. We learn with pleasure that Mr. W. Osborn, watchmakter and jeweller, has presented the committee of the St. Patrick's Day Festival with a very handsome trophy to be competed for at their sports. The committee have de cided to give it as first prize in the Highland Fling. The trophy is now on vioew at Mr. Osborn's place of busi. rnoss in Bailey street. At the police court yesterday before Messrs. Johnson and Goold, Js.P., L. E. Rico appeared to answer a charge of disobeying a summons to appear at the Bruthon court on the 23rd inst., on an alleged offence of using obscene language. The defen. dant was remanded to the Bruthen court for the 23rd March, bail being allowed in hIis own recognisanco of £20. Potter and Roberts obtained all order against T. B. Durham for an account owed, and Key Poy likewise obtained an order against James 1-Ienry for goods sold and delivery. Some time ago a man named R. J Wright succeeded in Ihaving cashed a clhequo purported to have been signed by Mr. T. Laughlton, and though he escaped capture by cluding the police at Sale, who wore on tile look-out for Iris arrival by steamecr, ihe, continued his noftcrious pr:acticces down tile lillne, and was caught att l'alclenham. IH is Inow uncilergoing a nermc of imprison. ment for ofelnmces coimmcitt'd down tlhe line, but hlo will Ibe brought iup at the llairnadalo court oni the lth Marchl, under a writ of habrao cor7?ot, to cnswer tihe charge of forginig Mr. Liughlton's namo to a cheque. On Tuesday niext the imlrosseced stamp ons bills ol'f oexchalngo and procmissory notes will tafi the plCeI of the ordinary ladhesive ctacmp, anil the banks will discount ino bill or notl n'hich does not uear thti imirened c iadmp. Tli subjoiinud notice, Icaving rctl'ferecc to tihe replurtichaiiso ip (cx. chngo oof impresseld slampci, ies beIcnc ictlol by tIcs l'ostcmanstor'ollrie :- "UInsiigned impressed promissory noto and acceptance forms which have been inadvertently spoiled or have become useless will be repurchased from the public at any of the repurchasing post-offices mentioned in the Postal Guide, at a discoint of is in the Z£. UnIsigned impressed promissory note or acceptanc forms which have been inadvertently spoiled or have become useless may be exchanged for adhesive stamps of any doenomnation, and to the same amount and value if ac companied by an application addressed to tile comptroller of stamps, who is authorised to require a declaration if considered desirable." The services at St. Andrew's Pres byterian Church, Bairnsdale, to.mor row, will be conducted by the Rev. WV. J. Gillespie. Last Sunday the rev. gentleman ably sustained the good repute lie is held in as a preacher in his own district, his sermons morning and evening being eminently scholarly, instructive and practical, and delivered with an impressiveness- particularly in the evening, when lihe mastered the defective acoustics of the new church that kept his hearers in wrapt atten tion, and won for him a most favorable opinion from all who heard him. To morrow will be thes rev. gentleman's last Sunday in Bairnsdale. Payne's Assembly Hall is again undergoing enlargement, an annexe being added to the southern wall, to serve the purpose of a supper room, and to be capable of seating 160 per sons at one sitting. In a few weeks' time, we are informed, Mr. Payne con templates making further and more extensive alterations and additions, including the erection of a now but smaller hall adjacent to the present one on the north, side. The large hall is likewise to be improved and sup lied with one or two conveniences it at present lacks. The undertaking of these improvements shows commend able' enterprise on the part of Mr. Payne, and if, in carrying them out, he studies well public requirements, we have no doubt but that he will be favored with increased public support. There is one alteration that numbers would like to see effected in the big hail, and that is the centreing of the stage, and, if possible, making it deeper. -Last evening Professor Rice was an nounced to give an entertainment in aid of the hospital funds, but owing to the heavy rain which fell just at the time people would be going, the atten dance was only fair. Under the cir cumstances, and by the advice of the committee, the entertainment was postponed till Tuesday evening, those present taking tickets for Tuesday in lieu of having their money returned. On Tuesday evening the Professor will exhibit the Katie King mystery and the Ghost. The Professor gives an entertainment at Lindenow to-night, also for the hospital funds. Telegrams were received here yester day stating that the Bairnsdalo Brass Band had won second prizein the con test, but our message states the band competition was not concluded yester day, so there is an error somewhere. In the engine competition at the firemen's demonstration for four men, Bairnsdale was fourth, their time being 2Ssee, Benalla first in 2dsec, St.' Arnaud second 27*sec, and Ruther glen 2Ssec. Buninyong was second 20sec, but disqualified for not coup ling. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnsdale, for E. Bull, shire of Bairnsdalo,M. Breen,E. A. Barton, W. M. Bowie, T. Coffey, H. Coisons, ''A. Cameron, J. A. Dorran, T. Evans, W. Gilmour, T. Glenny, J. Henry. D.. Haylock, A. Hall, T. Laughton, W. J. Murcutt, J. J. M'Kinloy, Orbost Mechanics' Institute, H. E. Robihson, W. Rowe, S. Stone, J. L. Stormont, H. Timpson, J. Turnbull, J. J. Thomp son, and A. Watson. On Wednesday morning a woman named Ryan was burned to death at Allandale, near Creswick, through her clothes catching fire while she was attending to her household duties. The contractors for the Sale to Stratford railway, Messrs. Shaw and Monie, commenced work on Wednoes day at the Sale end. Work will, however, be started at the Stratford end as well, and it is thought that about 200 men will be employed when the works are in full swing. The .lfereury states that Mr. Goo. Coulson, of Glencoe, recently had a horse very bad with a disease resom. bling the worst form of stringhalt. He consulted Mr. John Mitchell, of The Heart, with the result that the animal has been restored to perfect health. We learn from exchanges that a rather strange cattle disease has made its appearance recently at Fernshaw. The eyes of the animals affected be come gradually closed up through a flow of matter, which appears to emanate from the eye-ball. So far only a few cattle on one farm have shown symptoms of the disease in that district, but it is said that there are some cattle similarly affected in a portion of Gippsland. 