FRAG MEN L'S OF FUN. Woman is mortally atraid of a mouse, they say, bat a moustache doesn't scare her a bit. Don't call a very large, strong, sinewy man a prevaricator. If yoa are sore heisa prevari cator hire another man to break the news to him. " Wilt thon havo -me, Sarah f said a yonng man to a modest girl. "No, John," said the girl, " but yon may have me, if yoa will." Smith, with effasion : Hallo, Brown, is that yoa 7 I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadness : No ; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly : What apity 1 Merchant : Well, porter, I want you tu tell me all that happened doling my abeence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter ; Tbe bo;s promised me two dollars if I wouldn't say a word. " I wish yon would pay a little attention to what lam saying sir, roared a lawyer to an exasperating witness he wub examining Well, I am paying ns little attention as I oan," was the calm reply. " Who." said a member of the Canadian House of Commons, to tbe members wbo were trying to ohoke bim off, " who brayed there?" " It was an echo," retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. " In the sentorice — ' John strlkeB Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a man a fac toring town, " what is tbe object of ' strikes' ?" " Higher wages and shorter time." promptly replied an intelligent pupil. " I don't l'ke these shoes," said a lady cus tomer, " because the soles are too thick." " Is that the only objection ?" blandly aelced the bootmaker, " Yes," was the reply. " Then, rnadam, if you take the shoes, I can assure you tbo objection will gradually wear away. " " What is that big iron thing fall of holes ?" " A locomotive boiler," said Tom. Lama looked thoughtful . Alter a moment's silence, she asked : " Why do they bail loco motives?" Tom looked amazed. " To make make tender," he said slowly. Collector, to Bervant girt : Is Mr. Jonesio) Servant : No, he is out. C. : That's a fib I saw him enter here a minute ago. S. G : I tell you he's out. C : 1 say he's not nut ; he's in. S G. : Well, he's out of money, and that out to enough for you, anyway, And it was. Boston Hostess : Did you not think the allegro movement of that concerto hy Bee thoven most inspiring 1 Friend, from tha West ; Stunning I And wnsn't Mr. Beethoven himself perfectly elegant I Snob lovely whiskers. I do wish ho a play again i " Mary, here's an advertisement in the uaper that I think I'd better answer." " What is it for. J->hn ?" " Why, it says, ' a good setter dog for sale, by Edward Smith.' " " Well, what do yoa want of a setter nog, John ?" " Ob, I dunuo, only I thought it might do to watch tbe house at night ; and as it is a setter, we oould uau him outhe eggs during theduy.' At the Con cork — Young Candid : Did you ever hear suoh horribly discordant, ear- splitting, infernal . Old Proudlut ; Str- r-r I That's my eldest daughter, and . Young Candid : I repeat, sir, anch infernal clatter as the Idiots behind us are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the aong. An Australian prelate, on hie firet journey around, was flung iuto tbe deep mud by a res ivo horse. Rising ruefully, with his j chaplain's help, and surveying the plaoe, the j bishop consoled himself with the reflection ; , ' 1 have left a deep impression in t hat part of the dionege, at any rate." A very doaf Boston man has a oharming wife and u arose dog, One morning a friend met him and said ; " Good morning, Mr. Blank. Year wife mode a very pleasaet call on ns last evening." " I'm very sorry," wae the startling answer of the deaf oitizen, " I'll see that it doesn't occur again. Cm going to chain her np after this." A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and tbe waiter bawled to the oook : " One lamb." "Great baitt, mister," cried the countryman. " I can't eat a hull lamb ; gimme some fried oysters inatead." " One (tied," bawled the waiter. ' Well, ilvthu eelah'a ghost 1 Miator, one fried oyaterhsiu't yniii' to bo enough. Qemme a dozen of 'em. Darn these oity eatin' places I" Barber, to customer in chuir : You're quits bsld, Bir. Customer : Yep . Barber: Young man, too. Customer : Yep. Bsrher ; Wear your hat too much. Customer ; Nop, Barber: Run In the family ? Customer : Nop. Barber: Roots of thehairdeseased? Customer; Nop. Berber: Fever t Customer: Nop. Barber: Er— wife? Customer : Nop. Barber, desperately: What cso-ed that baldness? Customer : Barber's preventative. 