LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDOtf. Author of "Lady Audi.ey's Secret," " Wyllahd's Weihd," Ac., Ac. TThc Rieht of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XL.— The Foni.ony Hope. The platform was not so crowded as usual, and the train was not due for five minutes. As ho walked slowly towards tho end of the station, Valentino passed a man whose face flashed upon him with a sudden sicken ing of tho heart and weakening of the limbs, like tbo sight of a ghost iu high poon. Tho wintry sun shone upon those pale and high-bred features. He saw the face look ing at him, half in hntrcd, half in scorn, and he could not give back scorn for scorn, hate for hate. Ho who had never feared his fellow-mon sickened at the sight of this man, and passed on with quickened stepi nnd eyes looking steadily forward, pretending not to seo that familiar face, the face of the man vho had stolen his wife's heart. St. Austell stopped and looked back at him. 'As I nm alive, that was tho face of a felon," bo said to himself, " and tho mystery of Helen's.fate is darker than any of us dream of. That man daTed not meet my eye — although it wns his place to hector and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look." \f He was on his way westward. Since that mooting at tho Badminton he had been mucli disturbed in his mind about his lost love. Pickle as tho previous experience of his lite had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. The year which Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for the duration of his passion was not yet ended, and it may bo that the disap pointment and mischance which had at tended this particular intrigue had intensi fied bis feelings. He would have forfeited ten years of his life to have found Helen and won her for his own, but there was that in her husband's countenance whioli chilled his soul. He had half a mind to follow Valen tino Bolfleld and tax. liim tlion nnd there with foul play. He had no evidence except the mysterious circumstances of tho wife's disappearance and ' that guilty look in the husband's face— but tho two together brought conviction to St. Austell's mind. Valentine Bolfleld walked to the furthest end of the platform and stood there, cold and pick, like a man in an ague fit, till his train came in from Plymouth, nnd then he had to run after the train as it Btenmed iuto the station and 'scramble into a first-class com partment, panting and breathless aud white to the lips. " You oughtn't to run things so close as that, sir j you don't look the kind of man who can stand it," said an elderly parson, one of thoso amiable busybodies who are always interested in other people's affairs. Valentino scowled at him by way of answer, as he threw his deer-stalker, into the rack and mopped his forehead ; and hair, damp with icy sweat. "A churlish personage," thought the West Country rector, " something wrong with the heart, and a very irritable temper and the good man tried to interest himself in his newspaper, glancing over the top of it every now nnd then to see if there were any hope of conversation. Valentine put on his cap again, pulled it over his forehead, and coiled himself in a corner of the carriage in nn attitude that meant total isolation. Ho was trying to recover his nerve after that sudden appari tion of St. Austell. « By , X was afraid of tlio man," he said to himself. " For tho first time in my life I have known what it is to fear the face of a man. If a brace of constables came to arrest me, warrant and handcuffs complete, I wouldn't flinch ; but liis face unnerved me. Ho loved licr. He would ask me, ' What have you done with your wife ? What have you done with that frail, false, lovely girljwhose heart wos'imine V Yes, his, his — not mine. It was 'nis love I murdered. It is to him I am answerable. It was liis life I spoiled. She bad censed to belong to me — she was openly, avowedly his. And I quailed before him, turned sick with fear at sight of the villain who wronged me." fcFor an hour and more lie sat in liis corner living over that brief moment of meeting — seeing that passing vision of a malignant face, telling himself again and again in bitterest mockery that it was St. Austell who had lost by that fatal blow. At last, and with a tremendous effort, he dis missed this dark train of thoughts, nnd liis mind recurred to one of the objects of liis journey to London! Ever since that last meeting with Madge Barley tho girl and her mission had been present to his mind. Passion was dead in him, buried under the crushing weight of a great remorse, numbed and frozen as tlio ' senses are in a nightmare. There was no rekindling ofan old flame ; but in the ashes of his dead love for that strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spot of warmth re maining where nil else had grown cold. He yearned for her presence, for the sound of her voice, for the touch of her hand. He .felt that if there could be comfort or hope for hiin anywhere upon this earth it would be with licr. He felt that if there were anyone to whom ho could confess his crime it was Madge Darley and not a priest. " The ' Forlorn Hope," lie repeated to himself as he sat iu his comer, looking out at the landscape ; every field and copse and hill and curving stream, familiar to him from his boyhood, beheld again and again at all seasons, sometimes in listless vacuity, sometimes in impatience. At last the train steamed into Padding- ton station on the edge of dusk. The sunset glowed darkly red athwart the London fog as tlie train passed Harrow and Hanwell. The ereat vaulted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulchral in tho chilly light of electric lamps. Valentino told a porter to take his portmanteaux to the Great Western Hotel and then left the station on foot. He was going'to Lisson Grove to look for the refuge founded by Madge Darley. Tho long thoroughfare of the Grove was light with lamp-lit shops and full of traffic. Valentino inquired in one of the shops, and was directed to a side street, a dismal-look ing street of shabby, dilapidated houses, which might have had some pretension to respectability half a century ago, but which had fallen to about the lowest stage in the history of bricks and mortar. Tbey were bouses of a considerable size, however, and offered accommodation to a considerable population, as appeared by the various lighted windows, suggesting many domiciles under one roof. Across the fi.ont of one of these houses, of a somewhat better aspect than its neigh bors, nppoarod a long blackboard on which the words " The Forlorn Hope" wore painted in large white letters. In front of the fanlight there was a lamp with the words " Refuge for Women aud Girle," in black letters, on the glass. There was no possible raistako as to the motive and character of this institution. 'The door swung open at Valentine's touch, and as he crossed the threshold a woman in a black gown and white cap enme out of tlie parlor next the street and met him in the passage. It was Madge Dariey. The shepherdess was always ready to receive the lost sheep. The fold was humble and unattractive, but it meant -what it offered — shelter. She started at tlie sight of a tail mnn in a fur-bordered coat — started again on recog nising Valentine. " Mr. Belficld !" she exclaimed. " Yes. I told yoa I should come to you some day, Madge, and you promised not to shut your door in my face." " I am hot likely to do that j but I don't think you will want to stay very long in . this house. She led tho way into tho parlor, a plainly- furnished room, lighted by n cheap paraffin ' lamp under a green shade. A tall press made of pitch pine occupied either side of the. fireplace. The table was of varnished deal, tlio walls wore white washed, the floor was uucarpetod and half a dozen rush-bottoiued chairs completed the furniture of the room ; but all was scrupu lously neat and clean. A Arc burned cheerily in the shining grate and au open work brass fender made one point of bright ness in the picture. A large iron kettle was singing on tlie old-fashioned hob. "Pray sit down," said Madge, .pointing to a chair opposite her own. " You have an idle hour to spare, I suppose/and you have -come to see our Ilcfuge — to find out for yourself whether wo arc doing good work— " In urder that you may help us." (to be continued.) 