" All that I know is that the facts I state A.re true as truth has ever been of late."-Don Juan. Did you ever get bird's-eye view From a height, Where the outlines are blurred, yet true, To the sight, And the giants that, close, surprised, "Were remarkably minimised ? You'd a 86086, How the earth, which, beneath, self-swelled, Was a bubble of puff, which held Much pretence. That below which you thought was cream, Seemsa skim, And the brightest electric beam Is & dim; And the whispers which hum on your ears, Are the ghosts of the sounds raised your fears As a shout! Let philosophy troubles defy, Without qualm take a passage on my ' ROUNDABOUT. THE Government has refused to loan the Cairns municipality a sum of £20,000, and asked it to moderate its demands. THE " Queen's Fund" has frozen into a corpse in Maryborough. SENIOR-CONSTABLE WHEIAIT, of Cairns, relates that he recently surprised a camp of aborigines who owned tip that thiejy killed and ate their picaninnies as a customary thing. HON. B. B. MOBETON has purchased from A. M'Dowall, the Waratah property, Maryborough, on the banks of the Mary: A MAN named -Hugh Hams was arrested on 28th j May, at Charter^-Towers, as an accomplice in the murder of the Arab, Ali. A POLYNESIAN named Tom Bootee was arrested on 24th May, for the murder, on the previous day, of a kanaka woman named Muttalela, at the Hambledon plantation, paiifns. The victim had formerly been Hving ^j|^^mf^uthad transferred her affections to another^^^ba>|^When arrested, Tom Bootee was sneaking a hut on the plantation, and was armed guii and a tomahawk. It is supposed that he intended-fco murder his successful rival. THE Burnett' and Kolan district is having a pastoral boom, according to the Bundaberg Mail. Molangol station has sold 900 bullocks and 300 speyed cows, and 1000 more bullocks are under inspection for purchase. Thornhill has sold 300 bullocks and delivers 300 more in the course of a few days. Rosedale (James Little's) has sold 700 store bullocks. Kolonga is selling 2000 female cattle of all ages, and has 1000 store bullocks under inspection. Mr. Province has sold 1000 store bullocks; " Toweran" Barton, 400 bullocks, and has 500 more under offer, Monduran (Mullett's) has 2000 bullocks for sale. THE pledge signed by members of the Bundaberg Anti-Chinese League is as follows:-''We hereby pledge ourselves not to deal with nor to patronise the Chinese iii any way." THE electric light has been introduced into use for illuminating /purposes at Charters Towers, while a gas company is in process of formation. The town has entered into the brick and two-storied epoch of architecture, and supports three newspapers. The idea of a horse-tramway from the Towers to Mill chester, three miles;; and that of a future extension towards Plant's Range and the racecourse are also mooted. . THE Gulf people are, getting impatient at the departmental delay in-icallmg .for tenders for th* construction of the first section of the long-promised Normanton-Cloncurry railway, in spite of private Ministerial assurances alleged to have been given to Ned Palmer, Member for the Burke, Normanton is further riled because Treasurer Dickson is so long winded about redeeming his promise to send it a dredge. THE P. and O. and the Orient companies have accepted the final offer of the Imperial Government in respect of the Australian ocean mail service. It is understood that the Governments of N. S. Wales, Victoria and South Australia are to pay the com panies .£170,000 a year for seven years. GEORGE BROWN, of South Brisbane, has been sentenced by Chief Justice Lilley to 15 years' penal servitude for the manslaughter of his wife, Jane Brown, who died on 20th May, about a month after he had badly assaulted her. Brown had been drink ing and delighted himself in kicking his wife, who was weak and ill, at the same time threatening her with the words - "I will kill you yet." Judge Lilley seemed to think that the jury had taken a lenient view of the prisoner's conduct in not bring ing him in guilty of murder. SLY-GROG selling has been hitherto a rather brisk and profitable trade on the Springsure line, but Nemesis made an appearance " at long last" in the shape of two Revenue " bobbies." THE Springsure railway will be completed, should the weather keep fine, by the end of this month ; then poor old Springsure will drop down into her old dead-and-alive state. " What fools those mortals are" who thought that, if once they had a railway, their fortunes would be made, and that their town and district would at once assume mighty propor tions. Alas! there is land galore around us, but who is for taking it up? Thanks to the Griffith Ministry in general, and to Charlie Dutton in par ticular, nobody. THE Bauhinia Divisional Board (Springsure) is looking up. New members have been appointed (one in particular) who, by the horns of my " nobby" leader, will make the old fossils look up. It was time, too, there was a change for the better. THE Miners' Union at Charters Towers has in creased during the last seven months from 25 members to 1300 members.' A LATE bush fire at Muttaburra destroyed 1000 ewes in lamb. THE body of Jacob Thorpe, a laborer, was found hanging on a tree near Blackall on 21st May. He had evidently committed suicide some days pre viously, and is believed to have been out of his mind. TWENTY-FIVE shares of the Mount Morgan G. M. Co. were raffled at Bockhampton on 31st May by Y. H. Oelrichs. The lucky winner was D. Martin. THE foundation stone of the new Maryborough School of Arts was Masonically laid on 3rd June, by BLis Worship the Mayor, Bro. W. Dawson, A.G.M. ABORIGINALS are fast taking possession of the upper reaches of the Daintree River, by making the place too hot for selectors, who cannot leave their homesteads for a few hours without their being looted of food, tools and valuables. A FANNING River bullock, weighing 12721b, was killed at Charters Towers the other day. THE gold escort was despatched from the Croydon on May lltb, bound for Normanton, with £45,000 worth of gold. THE churches are beginning to take root at Croy don. On May 14th, the Rev. Mr. Turner, Church of England clergyman, and the Rev. Father Brown, Roman Catholic priest, arrived on the field from Normanton. Both men started fair with a pre liminary fund of about ^150 each. Next day, four services were held in the local court-house, and more grist was receivedat the pious mill. Two £600 churches are looming in the imaginative distance. THE Townsville Municipal Council is backing up Charters Towers in its endeavor to get a School of Mines established within its limits. THE Townsville Corporation has agreed to this motion: " That this Council declines to move in the j matter of a University in Brisbane." I HEAB good reports from Reddin's latest venture, the Charters Towers Times, but, as I haven't been favored with a copy, I can't speak from personal observation. THE Cooktown Courier, after a five-months' trial at publishing three times a week, has gone back to its old habit of twice-a-week publication. It is an afternoon paper. IT is stated that Johnstone Allingham's Hillgrove station, Cook district, with 13,000 head of cattle, has been sold to a southern buyer for £30,000. A CORRESPONDENT who has moved infrom the:; Central-Western country to the coast writes:-"St., Lawrence is not such a large place as Muttaburra, but the people are more civilised. They have some very good prospects in the neighborhood. The Yatton gold mine, some 30 miles distant, is looking up. There are some valuable islands about 35 milee. off tlie mainland. These possess splendid marble, and are said to be gold- bearing. A company is in process of flotation, and its prospects seom good. The promoters are likely to charter the schooner Golden Isle, Captain M'Ewan in command, to take visitors to see the islands. The weather is very bitter, and colds are prevalent. Business is not very brisk." PROTECTIONISTS have an absolute majority in the new South Australian Legislative Assembly, which assembled on 2nd June. A Royal Commission on tariff questions is proposed by the Government. P. Ei. GORDON, Chief Inspector of Brands, has re ported upon a disease which is epidemic amongst the cattle in the Warwick district. He believes it to be due to the presence of ergot in the pastures. The legs of the cattle attacked swell until the beasts are unable to stand. THE sufferers by the Bulli Colliery explosion in clude-6 widows without children; 31 widows with 120 children; 1 mother bereft of children ; 4 mothers with 14 children; 1 grandmother j 1 father bereft of children; 5 fathers with 27 children; and 1 guardian with 4 children, THB Townsville Municipal Council has decided not to support Sir Charles Lilley's project for estab« lishing a university in Brisbane. The North means to have one of its own before the Brisbane scheme can become an accomplished fact. Two clergymen-the Revs. Turner and Browne, Anglican and Roman, respectively- have gone to the Croydon Goldfield, with the intention of estab lishing churches there. The E.G. Church committee has secured 2$ acres in the centre of the town for church and school purposes, and over JBLOO has been subscribed towards a building fund. Father Browne was formerly at Normanton, where Father Crane is now his substitute. THE Adelaide Steamship Co., which already trades to Melbourne and Sydney, contemplates starting a weekly service between Brisbane and Rockhampton, and will probably make Bundaberg a port of call. Captain A. McCoy and George Anderson, of Adelaide, and Edward Northcote, of Sydney, have been up at Rockhaanpton, on behalf of the Company, and have arranged for the berthing of their steamers there. They have returned South again. 