SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author ot " M&cleod; of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," Sc. CHAPTER XXX VL NEW QUAETEBS. "And this is what they call the jocund morn," Walter Lindsay remarked to himself, as he was leisurely dressing by gaslight. It was about 9 o'clock. Outside, the great world of London lay steeped in a heavy and slumberous fog, dense, immovable, mysteri ous, with here and there a black ghost pass ing through the saffrou-hued darkness. And yet he did not complain over much. There were other and more cheerful visions before his eyes. He was about to take a little run down into Surrey, just to recall what an English winter was like in the country; and it was quite possible that he might be led into making a series of water-colour studies extending over several months, indeed—if only he could find convenient quarters. Nor did he at all seek to conceal from him self that his main purpose in going down the country was that he might perhaps have Sabina for neighbour. No; on tbe contrary, he strove to persuade himself that he should approach her without any anxiety or misgiving whatever. Why should there be any embarrassment! He would have nothing to do with trembling hopes and fears. It was for Sabina her self to decide what their relationship Bhould be—of the simplest, if so she wished it. But she could hardly refuse him her friendship. She would not turn away from him without a reason. And it would be a very pleasant thing for him to know that this beautiful sister and companion—or acquain tance, even, if she preferred that—was not more than an hour or two'a walk away. Per haps she would give him a cup of tea as he passed. They might meet at Church of a Sunday morning, and stroll homeward to gether. He„could leave little presents for the boy, or illustrated papers ana magazines for herself, or a basket of fruit, perhaps, got down from Covent Garden. Sister and friend, if so she wished it—he was content. And so he looked forward to meeting Sabina with equanimity and a light heart. During the morning matters outside mended somewhat—the fog grew gradually thinner, and by the time he issued forth the sun was actually visible—appearing like a small Hispano-Moresque plate in au at mosphere of opaque milky-white. It was a long way across London to Waterloo Station; when he reached that hollow - resounding place, with its cold platforms and shivering porters, there was even a faint suggestion of blue in tbe sky—he was now secure of a bright day for ms first dip into Surrey. He had made up his mind that on this occasion he wonld not seek to see Sabina. He would merely have a look round the neighbourhood to discover whether it would suit his purpose. His own dim recolleotion of it was ithat it was pretty flat—heathy commons, ponds, scattered villages, and so forth. But sin any case there was more variety a little way farther to the south—by Box-Hill and Mickleham Downs; and then again it w&b; atmospheric effects he was aiming at rather than pronounced landscape. Frosty moonlight nights, snow-scenes, wan, wintry sunrises, and the like: these were what ne was after; he conld afford, in this series of studies, at least, to dispense with the conventionally picturesque. And if he did happen to meet Sabina on this journey of exploration, of course he would speak to her. She would hardly be surprised. It was a land cape-painter's business to be about the country in all seasonRe would tell her hie sums. And she would understand that his choice of this neghbourhood was dictated chiefly by the fact of there being a convenient little notel at Burford- Bridge, which would afford him excellent headquarters.. But still—still—as the train jogged on its way through the wintry English landscape— with its irregular little fields and tall hedgeB, its dank raw greens and reds, its pale sun shine and vaporous distances—he began to be less convinced that he should meet Sabina in thiB easy and matter-of-fact fashion. There were some things he could not quite forget. Be conld not forget how, in former days, when Sabina made her appearance—whether at the top of the stairs at tne Royal Academy, or alighting from her cab in front of his own houBe, or as he casually encountered her in Kensington High-street—there was a kind of bewilderment cansed by the straightforward look of her clear, beautiful, bland' eyes. He could not forget the glamour of her presence as she sat beside him at the supper-table, the charm of her smile, the mystic fascina tion ot her voice, and his own desperate anxiety to be kind to her and to entertain her in every possible way. Things were changed, it is trne. Then she was the admired of all —radiant, and beautiful, and queenly: con ferring favour by the mere touoh of her hand; bringing with her an atmosphere of light and happiness and sunshine witherso ever she went; now she was soli tary, and apart from friends, and a widow. And then he remembered—in these rather wiBtful reveries, as he sat and looked ont on the ever-changing wintry landscape that Idonna Oiovanna was a widow when at iaat Federigo won her love. But then Monna Giovanna was rich and had everything to give; whereas Federigo, when he had sacri ficed his falcon for her Bake, had parted with the last of his possessions. And then again he recalled Janie's often-repeated saying; ' There is but the one way of winning Sabie s love, and that is through her pity.' He was in no promising case, then? In honest truth, he could not compassionate himself about anything. He was in the best of health, with the years still lying lightly on hie shoulders; he had won for himself a position as an artist which he considered quite com mensurate with his merits; he was of good descent; he had more money than met his needs; he had lots of friends. He knew of no particular reason why he should be pitied; except, perhaps, that he had the misfortune to be very mueh in love with a woman—and even in that direction he did not straggle hard with hit fate. " Witstead !" The sndden sound startled him out of these reveries; and involuntarily and quickly he glanced round the little platform. But there was no one going away by the train; and he was the only penon who alighted; when he had given up his ticket and passed tnrough the small building, he found himself alone, with the road lying before him towards the village. And here he paused, in dire uncertainty, almost in fear. It was one thing to think of Sabina when he was three or four .thousand miles away; and it was another to find himself almost within a stone's throw of her, so that any moment he might find himself confronted by her startled eyes. If only he conld at once go forward and take her hand and say, "Hear friend, don't be alarmed. It is true I have come to see you—to be near yon. But I will vex yon with no importuni ties. You shall be my sister, if you wish it— my siBter and friend; and I will ask you to let me see you occasionally, and to help you in any way that may arise ?" But would not tbeBe very explanations be embarrassing nay impossible ? And now he wished he had gone on to Burford Bridge; and remained there until the arrival of his painting mate rials. He had not even a note- book and Eencil with him to make pretence, supposing e were suddenly to meet Sabina. and have to tell his tale. And what if she were to resent his coming thus unannounced and uninvited ? He began to think it would be better for him to avoid Witstead; there would be some other route by which he could make his way to Burford Bridge. And yet an overpowering fascination of curiosity drew him on, bit by bit, towards the village. He regarded the most trivial things around him with the keenest interest. This road, now—crisp and hard it was in the grip of the frost, ana the ruts made by the cart-wheels were gleaming white with ice— this was the road Sabina would come along each time she went to London. And of course Bhe would be quite familiar with all these things—the wintry hedges, the wide stretch of common, with its patches of dark green gorse, the pond now rullied into silver by a slight wind from the north. And still he went on, with an eye cast well forward. If only he could see her cottage, then he would go away content, But how was he to make out which of these straggling houseB waB hers ? Ho met no one, and so could not SBk, As he drew nearer, he could see two or three small children playing about; other wise, the main thoroughfare seemed quite deserted; for although there were two heavily laden wains in front of the Checkers, the drivers had gone inside. Finally, after a moment's hesitation, he took heart of grace, walked boldly forward, crossed the road, and entered the inn. He was received by the daughter of the house, a pretty, buxom, blue-eyed little wench, who seemed to regard the tall, bronzed, black-eyed stranger with much and evident favour. For not only did she politely invite him into the bar-parlour, hut she offered him a newspaper, and poked up the fire for him, and when she brought him the ale and biscnits and cheese he had ordered (in the meantime she had snatched a moment to look at her hair, and arrange her smart little cuffB), she seemed qnite willing to wait and be asked qnestions, which she answered smilingly and graciously. And this led to a notable discovery. " Oh, yes, it is a very qniet neighbourhood," she was Baying: and then she added, with a little laugh—" But it wasn't last week. You know we got our man in, sir." "Ho, I didn't know," he said—though he suspected, from certain damaged placards he had seen, that there had been a county election reoently. " I have been away from England for two or three years, and have just come back." " Have yon, indeed, sir?" she exolaimed, ub if that were a very remarkable occurrence. " And who was the lucky candidate ?" he continued, " Sir Tyrrell Drake, sir." " Oh, really," he said, with some surprise, " Well, lie is a good man." " He is a very kind gentleman—he is very much liked abont here," she said pleasantly. "But yon don't mean that he is still at Beaver Court ? I thonght he had taken it for only a Beason or two, for the shooting." " He has bought the Court, sir. Oh, yes, that was abont eighteen months ago, I think." "Really 1"_he said; and for a minute or fnvo the amiable young lady's volunteered information abont Beaver Court and its con nection with local politics received remark ably small attention, His mind was off on a rapid little trip. Of coarse Sabiaa would be known to the clergyman of the parish; of course the clergyman would be known to the owner of Beaver Court, which was one of the great houses in the neighbourhood; Lindsay had become very friendly with this Sir Tyrrell Drake through meeting him at more than one ehooting-box in Scotland; and bo what more simple than to have oon veyed to Sabina in this way the information that he was established 'at Burford Bridge and that there would be nothing remarkable if he should happen to meet him? She would be prepared. There would be no danger of startling her. Their friendship would be resumed in an easy and natnrai way; it would he no matter for wonder if he called upon her, and took the little presents for the hoy. When he had paid his shot, and was about to leave, he said to the gracious and friendly hand-maiden:— " Do you happen to know a Mrs. Foster who lives about here ?" " Indeed I do, sir," was the instant answer. " The poor dear lady is very lonely now ; she is a widow now, perhapB you know, sir?" "Yes," he said absently. And then he added—" Ie her house in the village or out side ?" " If you step into the road, I will show you. He followed her, and she pointed ont to him the cottage, which etood somewhat apart from the rest of the place, with a bit of gronnd in front, and apparently a larger space of garden behind. He was rather glad that he conld go on his way without passing the cot tage ; out he etood looking at it—until, in deed, he was recalled to his senses by the yonng lady of the inn saying to him— "Good morning, sir, and thank you." " Oh, good morning—and .thank you_ very much," he said—and therewith she tripped in the hostelry, with just one brief, swift, and perhaps casual glance from the doorstep at the handsome etranger who was now walking briBkly away southward. And he was well content that now he knew the actual and veritable house that held Sabina, and he was glad to be in the neighbourhood, and whenever chance brought him that way he would know the precise spot that his eyes would seek for. Indeed, so well satisfied was he with hie morning's work that as he got further and further down into the conntry he began to devote his mind to other things, and to have a look about him for possible subjects. To an ordinary observer there was not mnoh that was promising; for although there was a perfectly cloudlesBsky overhead, and the pale December sunlight wub flooding the land, wintry desolation was too apparent, the woods were leafless, the trees nearer at hand looked black, That ie to say. to an ordinary observer the tress might have looked black; but to the trained eye of a landscape-painter there iB nothing black in the country except the rooks; as regarded these very trees, he was noting with delight the golden-green of their Btems on the eunward side and the beantifnl deep rose-purple of their spreading masses of branches and twigs. Indeed for him there was no lack of colonr anywhere. There was the ruddy bronze of the fallen beeeh leaves; there was the dull yellow of the foliage of the scrub oak; there was the sparkling green oi ivy and laurel, and the heavier green of the firs; the tall hedges were starred with the red or purple-red berries of the hawthorn, the wild rose, and the yew; here and there the high banks were hanging with the silvery-grey fluff of the wild clematis. Oh, yes, he should thave plenty of employment. There were greater things than these to tax his skill. The ever changing heavens would present him with their slow-moving transformations, from the lonely splendour of the dawa to the mystery of the coming night—the snow and the froBt would be his companions; the moonlit woods would have secrets to reveal. And he was especially fortunate in this, that the public were very good to him, ana did not grumble when he would insist on doing his work in his own way. He might be as patient and faithful and minute as he choBe—or as elu sive and subtle and faintly suggestive—and they did not complain. Doubtless they knew they could get chromo-lithographs else where. When be got down to Box-Hill he first o' all had a look round the neighbourhood, and Baw there what—with a little straining oi con science—served to confirm him in his pur pose. Then he proceeded to the Burford Bridge Hotel, ana managed to secure wha; eeemed to him very snug and comfortable rooms. And finally he ascertained that Si - Tyrell Drake was then living at Beaver Court; though they could not tell him whether Sir Tyrrell had got through his pheasant-shooting of the year. The fact is, Lindsay, though he had now to say " For I must to the greenwood go," had no thought of going as "a banished man." He expected to spend the time very pleasantly in.thiB retreat; and if his work should hold him mainly bound to these more eouthern regions, still there were Sundays and other occasional holidays when a litcle trip northward would afford him relaxation. If only that first meeting were well over. In the mean while he walked on to Beading and took train back to London; anxious to get his prepara tions made aB Boon as possible, and himself installed intheee new quarters, In a oonple of days' time he thought he ahould be estab lished at Burford-Bridge. 