U usical anud rnurasatic IEnlttirta·i Itictt. A music.rl. and1( dnramaot eit.ortaihinenit by 1 nUmsibos' of local mi|tiseur s wos giveni ns thu Toenperanne] lall on Wednlsday even bng last to a lhsge audilnce every available sernt in tihe building with lho cxeptioln of a few at thIle Ilaick being occupied. Thle on. terhtinmenot was conmnenced slhor'tly fter 8 o'clock, the first item on the pIrogriinnmo being an orcerture (Iwo cornets and pioio.) Tile enactenont of l orlo's o l'mllo l ' "Slashior and Crasher," was lhen proceedeld with, snd thle perfor ers -Misses 'T Geoighegin nil KI.. Clhesot.oer, anld Messrs ?\\. and 1 I)wyer, P. Pro.tt, nd A. Acheson-all of whoii with the excelltion of the litter had akenlc part in thie sam1 pieceon aIL formor occasion, dlid their roslectivl parts with ian amount of histrionic abily such as was alike oredlitlble to tlnmseholvs anld pleasing to the audienco-the ehnirateor of Old BIlow hard, by Mr. Wr. )lsyer, bein, especihlly well sustoined At thle coneoiislo n of the dramus Mr J. Galvin, of. Wollongong, who is well known tlo Kianma udiences, sang a very pretty song eotitled " Sweet n.d Low,' which wos much appreciated, anid for which he received ian enclore: lhe also sang anotlher song nlater on which was oqually well appll recialed, . The redilion of two songs by 1liss Emllna Wood, " irutl " and '" lilhulrney," wore inol; loss offc'rtivue. A cooi'tsolo--''" Luvy- nlhen Pollkan"-- whlich is eirtainly a mostdiflicult 1)p'co3 of musical cominposition, was pel'rformi'id by- Mr. A., "A hcl;soi,, i a mannsterly style, and would kave done crocditto those whlo:poso as pro fossionals. A "nigge " or' " minstrel" onle'rtainiment followed, M essrs. E. D)wyer nid P. Etliagshauscn Ibeing tho "corner, men," iand thie opening choruts," T'uho Holy Nountain Lion," was very nicely renderul bythe colupeany. l'r F. Prott ?ung " Th Rd ustic ridge by thl Mill" is good voice," which was well received Mr. Dwyor's song, " Miss I-ooligan's Chlristmans Cake," created a good delu of mIorriment. A song, "Gathoumg Shells," by Miss T. Geoghogan, was effecti'cly renccered, as weote ilso the songs " Some Day I'll wander Back Again" anil Colleen Avara" by Miss hosbter and Miss A.Geoghlogan cspective lyIt Mr P Ettinghanusen's song '"t'Aro yot Going to the Ball this Evening" was well received." A song at dadoo, in olharnetor, by Mr. W. BSavage ploeased the audience immolnsely, who rapturously demanded an ,uencore. T'hie ontortainmuont conlcluded with a farce entitled "Grandmnother's Ghost," whlich was by no teauss the least amusing one weo havs.a ein.ln .the '.omplor. aneo Hall. We had al't?osl.forgottcn to mnoution thnt'thlo taskt of ?accompanist wase performed by Mrs A. Cordery during the entertainmenlt with her usual efficiency T' hu proceeds, wLhich so in aid of the oman Onfltholio I'rosbytory, asouno t to about £17,. 