IMPORTANT ' CATHOLIC ; C,EREM ONI AL. Tltiiro js ip.uph which jgoyp -to- ljidicntp the , gjroaiing importaaice of Australysiu in genetai, : and 'Victoria in- -particular; and it -js .not to be wondered at that the Holy See.- as the' bend- ; quarters of Romait Ciitholieisin 'ia-lniown-ainougRt! -our Catholic fe.llow-cit'zeps, should- recognise; th.e s.tricl.es jrhieh we are making. For many . year? VictorianiQatholics were under .the cpnirpl j of :oiie Bjshpp,' whose diocese . cdmpriscd the ! entire eolpityV; As time; prpceedejlv and the ' popuhition increased, lite necessity for diriditig the' -ecclesiastical authority becaino-apparent ; ; and it was deterinined to divide the colony: into three dioceses: One -of thur new centres! 'wiis' fixed af Ball.iiriit, and the other at Sand-; hurst. - A prelate of high talents, Dr. O'Connor, yr.hp was chosen, from' the rank3 of the Irish ' clergy,' vv 'tis selected for tlie first .mentioned, but - he did not long survive his instiillntiou, and died ' within a few years of his appointment. Ho was Buccee.dqd. by. Dy.; Mofte, a. pyoniinent Roptan i Catholic ecclesiiLtic, who still ' occupies' the; position. In the case of Sandhurst a, gentleman ; »f H'ighjrap'ute ivas ' selected: ' -For a;Bojt-t.iijae ; Jiei'actiyHy |serf(>rined the duties; of Jtis gxnlted position, and the manner in which- Iiodid-ao j gained for him tho respect of the members of all : demoiiiiVatidns, niid the esteem aiid 'adtniration - of. .hia own. Oyvitig to the onerous oyturo pt his ; flptif"?, ,pnd; -zeidbus aud; energetic manner ! ,tn , wliicli he carried tlieni opt, bis'ligalth faiied ! Imp, and, he wi|?- compelled t.ii'seekj.resi:. .' His ; in edical a tt e 1 ids pt 8 ? d v ise-1 travpl aii'i abandon- ' inent of active duty, and ho paid-.a visit to - Europe, in the : hope that it wou|d:havo a re : ciiporative effect. - -His eyesight,- -never very ; strong,' hail been seriously affected,- and gradually it brcatnp "worse, liotwithstaiidiiig - tlut: tho advice of Bpme qf the fjest oculists was obtained. I He' 1 etui hud '. to yielpria, but without ltaving ! feg'aiu.ed, his hpjiljlt'. '.The ifnpqrlaiipe of 'the: diocese retif,er.ed ft iJ.e.cesf'ary.Lh.at'.iiBhpuiii ltiive ' spiitp. actjve head, and it was'dccided tliata'coiid- , jutor sltpuld be npppintcd. Dr. R -ville, a clergy man ivlt'o hail for ni'iiny years been associated ! witli the diocese, and' 'had dotio good work, ivus; chosen for the post, and was duly consecrated.; .Gippsland, which was once referred to in a happy! phrase, as a " liew province " of Victoria, has, ; from litany causes within tho last few years,1 inado wonderful progress, and tho population : has inarvelluusly increased. As a cotisequonco' of lhis.it' was 'recently represented' by tho tiatliu- ; lie authorities here that the lime had coine fori its elevation into a sepaiiito dio'ceso with its own : bishoji:' The; names, it' is understood, : of sfjveral : eleremiw«r)iii6nilried'; and eveutually Dr. i Corbet tj-Svhd lias for several years boon the. parish priest'. of St., Kilda, was chosen for the! office! -The necessary authority ivas a short time 8inco received , from Runic, and.ou Thursday, at ' St. Alaiy's 'Church, Bt. Kilda,' he was ennso- crntcd by Dr. Carr, Arehbishup of Melbourne, and' motriipplitnp td tho province. The other p relates present , were— Dr.' Reynolds, Arch bishop ; of, Adelaide j Dr. Murray, Bishop of Araitlancl (N..W.) ; Df. Alurphy, Bishop of Tasmania ; - Dr. Aloorp, Bishop, of Ballarat ; and Dr. ; Roville, Cpadjutor Bishop of Sand hurst.- - -1 - ; There was a largo number of - assistant priests.' ; The ' coremuiiies were carried out under ' the direction'' of the ' Very Rev. Dean Dohaghy.' ' " : ' ,'At twenty .minutes past 10 o'clock/a proces- sipp, headed by acplytes' bearing lighted candies, qtrered the cburclt, tljon ciitno tlie clergy in the reverse o,rder of rank,. Dr Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, the consecrating prolate, being labt. As tho procession entered the church at tho lower door, and proceeded to high altar, Zin- garclii's- Laudato (tenor, solo, and chorus) waB givett by Air Alatior and the choir. On reaching the saiictuary, the consecrator anil other pro- lates took their seats, whilst the Bishop-elect was conducted to another alter by Dr Aloore, Bishop of Bgllarat, and Dr Murplty, Bishop of Tasmania, by whom ho was assisted to assume the vestments prescribed by tlie Rnntan ritual for such occasions. This being done, tho con secrator took a seat in front of, and witli his back to, tho high altar, and the Bishop desig nate was conducted to lii'in. The Arch bishop called upon the notary (the Vory Rev. J. L. Ilegarty, V.F., acting in that capacity) to read the episcopal man- date of tho Pope. It was read from tho pulpit, Dr, Corbett the while sittiug in front of and facing the altar, lio was then conducted to the idtar by tho assistant" bishops, and mado his confession of faith and loyally to the Church, the questions boin-' asked and answered in Latin. Mass wsb then com menced, and at tlw Introit the Bislmp-plcct was'. again' conducted to tho altar, at which ho had assumed his veBtmontB, where, in accor- nnce with tho ritual, others were substituted as. if about tu celebrate Alass. He returned to the high altar, before Which lie prostrated himself, aud the Gospels ivero placed 011 his shoulder, whilst Dean Donaghy blindfolded him, the attendant clergy chauting a hymn. The consecration was thou performed, tho Arch bishop anointing tho forehead with holy oil, and afterwards embraced and saluted him, as did also the assistant bishops, whereupon lie was again conducted to the Wide altar aiid thence to the high altar, where tho consecra tion ceremonial was completed, "the Archbishop placing tho consecration ring pit tho 'finger of 'the new Bishop and the mitre pit hia head.- A j croBicr -<W as-then placed -in his hand, and he took the scat in frunt oi tho altar, which had pro- | viojislyibeen occupied Jby jcousecralor a prj&dssjqti; .jjqis then forp$f?«f acolytes, ,h0 .cltaplaiqs; aiid the "assistant bishtips, and Corbett was conducted down through the church und back ngain lo the altar, and was conducted to tho throne. . fi , . , ; - ..tub sermon ; v r > was preached by the Rev.' Fattier 'd'Fnrre) one- of tho Redomptorist Fathers of Waiatah ijlojjastery, N,S, W. . .. He selected for Jiistcxt tlie ivorJs to be fop 1 pi in;28.li Chapter (,f Alatthow, verses 18, 19, and 20 — "And .Jtsua' iidVttneing, said unto tliem, 'All. power iseivtn to nte in Hdavoti .and . op eartli. - Gi>, there, fore, teach all nations, b.ipiiipig thc.pi. in th0' itiani.e of the Enthpr,- iiud of tji.o 011,' and uf th0 H'»ly Gh.ost, jnstructipg them', to pbseryo all that I have comnianiled. you ; aiid behold I 'apt nitl, you always 1 even -.to the ,coiis.umipa.ii|pj u, t|,0 world.'" — 'Herald.'-:- 1 ; 