, Congregational Union. A -ir-PPTTxirnf the Congregational Unionwasheld on the2othNoverabor, towelcomeMr. A. Spioer^ who, with Dr. Dale,-is at present visiting.thr Australian colonies as representatives from the Congregational Union of England and Wales. Tho:welcomo took tho form of a social dinner at the Y.M.C.A. rooms, to which about 30 ministers and laymen of all denominations sat down. After a hearty meal, Mr. George "Wight, who,in the absence of Sir S. W. Griffith, ocou pied the chair, gave an opening address.: The Rev; J. WALKER then moved the fol lowing resolution, and in doing' so extended a hearty welcome ;to Mr. Spider and' his wifo The Congregational Churches of' Qtieeiislahd hereby p roller it cordial welcome to Albert Spicer, Esq'a ns one of the representatives of the Congre gational Union of England and Wales, now visit": Jug the churches of Austr- dia, and trust that hig visit will productive, of much good by sta^ngtheninj? the bond* of sympathy between tho churches of the mother country and these colo nics. Thay dee»iits also to express their great regret at the faihir# of Dr. Dale's health, and that thfv have thereby been deprived-of tho btiucfit oi liis valuable services, ana pray that he mav soon recover his -wonted vigour, and be yet enabled to devote many years of useful service to the cause of Christ. Tho resolution was seconded by the ROT. T. JVPurpBn, and Mr. Shcxb thanked them most heartily for tho cordial wclcomo extended, to himself and his wife. ; -The Rev. E. Gbiffith moved, and' Mr. A. MACFAILLANE seconded: - : The representatives of the ConproKationa Churches of Queensland hero assembled gladly avail themselves of the opportunity of meeting the brethren of other denominations.1 in soda! intercourse, and desire to express their fraternal regrard and hearty sympathy with th«n in their endeavours to-extend tho*kin(rdosx of our com mon Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ in.this colony. : The Rovsi C. Ogg^ J. AV" Nolan,1 arnd^ W. Whale, responded on behalf of the denomina tions they.i^preaented/^ri.d vied.wrththebthers in the warmth ot welcomo. extended to Mr. Spicer by the members of the . Congregational Union... . . . *. ; . The meeting closed with tho benediction. .. Ojt Friday, evening, 25th November, a public- meeting was. held'in the Congrega tional Church, Wharf street^ in continuation of the welcome and as preparatory to tho business 1 meeting of the Congregational Union. Mr. G-. Wight, president of th« Congregational TJnion of; Queensland, occupiod the chair, and;there was a good attendance. ; The Rev. J. T. Warakkr delivered an ad dress on " Tho Difficulty of Church Extension, in Queensland," which ho stated was. attribu table to (1) .tho comparatively small number of Congregationalinte arriving i* the colony and (2) to the want of qualified ministers. The latter head was porhsps the one to which the greatest attention .was to be . paid. While an imported minister was very pood, tho colonial one. would, be much hotter.' . He advised more combined action and assistance in tho churches, each towards the othej?. ... Tho Rev. E. GRIFFITH delivered an address in which ho defended the Congregational Church against tho statement, that they, as a church, had. made no progress. Mr. Si'iCEE also addressed the meeting. ' Mr. A. SPICER delivered, an address on Sun day morning at the Grey street Congregational Church, South Brisbane. His address on that occasion dealt with the hotno mission work of tho London Missionary Society, of which Mr. Spiccr . is an executive officer. In the evening ho delivered, un address in the .Wharf street Congregational ; Church, on the foreign raib-siou work of the society. He reviewed briefly the history of tho society, and the enormous work it had accomplished in India and Africa. He urged upon the Australasian church a more active mission. spirit, and sug gested tho fitness of that church taking up the mission work in New Guinea, either in connec tion with tho London Society, or .alone OA it might.scem best.. He explained thotthomission work in New Guinea, Madagascar, and else where, had been initiated , on funds specially raised for that purpoeo, but now that that special fund had been exhausted, and the missions in these places aro being carried out on tho ordinary funds of the society, which aro now vecy low, aome assistance was required to continue. Ho then gave, an interesting sketch of tho great . success of mission work in India, and compared the groat benefits which the Christian religion. conferring upon tho Hindoos with the degrading and debasing in fluence of tho effete Hindoo idolatries. India, be said, had been the scene of a combined series of invasions and had suffered accordingly ; tho .worst invasion, . from a religious point of, view, being .that which, introduced Mahommedanism, -.which had had a moro pernicious > icilunn'co?, than all- tho Hindoo idolatries. .People .thought ..that India was a nq^co^niry ;'; .gut,on the contrary, it WAS a .very poor country.. 6no season of drought ineunt.starvation r and thero woro always in India',tome-40j006,000-:of peoplo who have never, it'good mail, and iiho are .always buffer ing from hunger... He referred to the degraded position in which women :wero, held in India and to the horrible effect of, ciuitc which oould »eo fellow-beings itiirved to death rntlier than their oaMcshould bo violated by {firing them food lo eat.. The city of J5enare«,, with ;iU .100,00,0: inhabitant*, and it«., J j>0, temples, watt, desorital by thu npeakcr. TTo nlso dealt with tho Christian educational ftyblvm, which ;WftB'hMririff the most twriefloial influence : where, ana especially upon the -women. " The ; women of,-tho. Christian communities Tof India jwere tho greatest contrast to the "Hindoo ; women, and tho elevating influences wero a powerful plea in India for Christianity.. There were schools in connection with the mission'with GO,000 girls and 500,000 boys, who were i trained as in English schools;.and there werei? beside 10,000 who passed examination iti the ; "JSnglish language. Indians were * sent to Eng-^ | lish schools, oolleges, and universities, all ofwhioh# l it was'hoped would help to Christianiio India* ' He finished an interesting address by nnappeal | for assistance to cany oh the great missio* ! work of the Jjondon Missionary Society. \ , ' I A MEETING in connection with the annual < i;conference of the Congregational "Union waa. ; hdd ori'Monday in the Grey "street Oongrega*'* i tional Church, when there wero a large num ber of delegates to the conferenoe present, I and ; a number of , others. , The Rev.' T. 'J. » Pepper presided, and the Rev. A. Sutherland,? I preachcd a eermon from Acta i. 8, '- But ye * shall receive power, after that tho Holy Ghost is como upon you." The sermon waa an impressive and " appropriate. one to the occasion, and went to show, that the power of ' tho ; pastor aB a preacher depended upon and was in an equal degree successful just as the pastor was imbued with the Spirit of God, and was supported by his people in the spirit. He deprecated'the con* 1 tentions in the church, and the new mode in which certain ministers courted popularity^-by dealing with contentious subjecte and in pro mulgating new doctrines. The . church, he Baid, to be an influence in the world, mu»t abide in the Spirit of Truth. The^ Reyi W. W. Watts then delivered tho communion address. .. THE Rev. S. I. Aldcn has received a call to tho Presbyterian Church, Dalby. " A CONCERT was given at Esk on tho 22nd November in aid .of the Church.' of England Building Fund. Dr. Bale prcached his farewell sermon in the Congregational Church, Pitt street, Sydney, on the 20th November, . the churoh boing crowded. /, Avzbt successful tea meeting WBB held -at North Rockhampton on. .the 18th November, ^ and at a public»meeting which succeeded..it i practical steps were taken to secure the erection of a church on the north side of the river. 'A- . committee was formed-and tho preliminary/, arrangements were made, and the Bum oi £27o was subscribed in tho room towards the build*: t ing fund.-Northern Argus, BISHOP "WEBDB® held a confirmation ' service at-St. Mark's Churcb,:Wa?wick, last week, *' assisted by the Rev." T. W. Ramraf, vicar. The Yen.- Archdeacon Black and .the"1 Bev. Iti.G. " i Julius were' among the congregation. ?" Forty j two candidates presented themselves for/the . ;' I sacred rite/ Tho biahop delivered two; re# ! impressive addresses. . .* ' 1' j. As a-result of therecent Church of England ; I conference at Rockhampton, Central Queens- . : land, having for its northemboundarytie 22nd' parallel, and for ita southern boundary., the dividing range above Buridaberg, haafl>eea', erected into a. fresh diocese, and .will have a. bishop of its own. ' The "Wide Bay and Bur- ^ * nett district is also intended to bo*a separate " diocese in time to come. . * " THIS Maryborough Chronicle of November 26 reports that tho Rev. Mr. Oeborne, the minister . of tho new St. Andrew's Church, Gympie; has ? j just returned from a 12 montha* trip to Eng« . land, and was formerly rector of Roma., St. - Thomaa (Churoh of England}^ in fKewtown, ^; will be; opened on St. Thomaa'a 3>fty,- 21st * - December, with special services, when all the.;, distriot clergy will be in attendance. The newr > church in Gympio pioper will be opened on the t 1st January, 1888. - AT Charters Towers objection has been taken to tho open-air worship which takes place out- - side the Wesleyan Church every Sunday even ing, and on November 20 the worshippers were treated to some scoffing by a number of persons who ought to havo known better. Tho Timet 1 remarks that<c as the object of the worshippers ia not intended to -bo distasteful, and ns they do not interfere4 with the beliefs of otherpeople, wo think there is littlo or no reason why their worship should bo ridiculed." THE Churches of England in Toowoomba are in debt, as follows: The liability of St. James's '' Church is between £260 and £300, and next year what are known as tho organ debentures, amounting to £300, fall due, making a total of at loaat £5o0. In connection with St. Luke's Church the debt is £350, making a total liability at tho lowest cwtimato of £900. The first public attempt to reduce this debt has jnafc been made-an art loan exhibition and cake 1 and doll t-how-and it is proposed to allot two thirds of tho profits accruing therefrom to St. , James's Church and tho remaining third to.St. Luke's. Tjik clergy and laity of the Anglican Church > t resident in Cooktown welcomed their clerical brethren at a tea and sacred concert on the oc casion of tho opening of tho North Queensland Diocesan Confcrcnco on Friday, November 4. Tho Rev. Thomas R. Rogg, of Cairns, was?. amongst thoiso invited. An ornate and costly - pastoral stafr was presented to Bishop Stanton: With tho staff was an illumin&tea; addreM. Bishop Stanton sp >ke eloquently in acknow ledgement. We may add that of tho Australian bifchops only Bifhoptt Barker and Stanton have been presented with pastoral staves. The ono ' given ti tho firfitnamcd in now in um in tho . Sydnoy Cathedral. Tho conference cloeedi tho . ' .. wimo afternoon.-Cairm Post. . THE Rev. J. Jlucphcrjon paid n visit to Dun wich on November lltli ana returned on the . loth. Ho conducted two fiervicea "with tlio'old . v people, which wero well uttouded. Tho subject expounded wan, " I inn poor nnd needy: vot tho Lord tliinketh upon mo." Mr. Macphoriioii jmid a visit to St. Helenii ou Novomlwir 19th, nnd returned on tlio '22nd. On Sunday two eorvicea woro held with tho prisoners,,after , which*nn open prnyfr meeting wiw held, when' four prisoners oll'ered prayer. Tho svrvico held in the schoolroom at i p.m. was well attended, 30 children .being present. At 7.30 diyino. eer TJCO" waS ' held in the- schoolroom1 with , tho offioials, "their, wives, and ohildren. Tho sub ject'expourided was, "-Tho Gospel of Christ," which was listened to with attention and in to rest. .The prisoners' choir led tho singing at the two services with the prisoners. (i The : Rer.: Stewart Byron, who during tho past, few weeks has been conducting special evangelistio services in tho Presbyterian churcheso^ Warwick and district, brought his l&iBsion; to a close, on Sunday, November 20. He wiU probably pay a short return visit "to ? Varwiok about Christmas. '; It is understood that the Rov. G. Hervoy, the.pastor of tho Toowoomba- Congregational Church, intends to resign his position. ' It is . stated that a letter to that effect has been for %'srded to tho officials of the church and that Mr.'Hervey will probably sever his connection next March.-Toowoomba Chronicle. Tira Art' Loan Exhibition Doll and Cake Show in aid of tho fund for liquidating the * debt on St. James's and St. Luke's Churches, Toowoomba, was brought to a close on Satur day night, '26th November, after a most sue ^cessful season. In all more than £300 was taken, but the exact amount of profit made will pot, be known until a further meeting of the eommittoo has taken place.-Chronicle, Novem ber 29 \--'AT a special meeting of tho Presbytery of ^Brisbane held on. Monday in Ann street Church, a oall from fee Wiokham terrace congregation ta.thoRov..Johii M'Connell, Footseray, Mel bourne, to become their pastor, was laid an the table. Rev. J. F. M'Swaine, moderator, Messrs. Chapman and Clachcr, appeared as commissioners;-T The call was . cordially sus tained and the clerk was instructed to forward it to :the: gentleman nominated: < Another, call. iwaa also presented from Warwick to the Rev. J. C. Legate, B.A., Esk. The call was numerously signed and was transmitted to Mr. Legate. There is every probability of the rev. ' gentleman accepting it. ?; It will be interesting to members of the .Church of England (says tho Xortheni Aiyiis of November 26) to learn that it is in contempla tion to- present the Rev. David Ruddock with a ."valedictory address previous to his departure ? »fte£thoarrival of the rector, the Rev. W: A. 'Diggens, B.A., on about the' 10th proximo, i Mr. '.Ruddock, who lias acted as Mr. JDiggen's Idcum-ttneni for the last six months, has well' 'earned the esteem of churchmen at Rockhamp tori, "and has had 60 many calls upon his parse,' . that, .a . more substantial leave-takiiig was ;tlit6nghf of, but this, we understand, Mr. Rud-' dock positively declined to be a parly to, seeing 'thit'tho extension of church work requires all the funds possible to b». given for that great '.bject: i THE seventh anniversary service of the Theatre' Evangelistic Services was held on Sunday. The City Missionary, Rev. James Stewart, presided. After singing two or three! .hymns, reading the lesson of Scripture, and .'prayer, the' chairman called on Mr. R.. P. A J*T*-who, he- said, had attended more of theso 'meetings than any other person, never being absent when in town except from sickness -to give an outline of tha services from,the commencement. Mr. AdamR said that looking at the; audience then before him, he could not help contrasting' it with the one which : he. saw seven years,; ago,..-at- the .first service. -.The ; original: idea was to hold a ser vice for the outcast and lower . orders, . but experience., had_ shown that there was not sufficient of "theseiii Brisbane who could be got to fill,a building.. The.olass of audience had changed' to one of' well-dressed, respect able people who did not attend any place of '-warship, and he knew there was a large num lier whq,'if these services were given up, would 'go' nowhere ; therefore lie considered these seryicies wero wanted for that class. The spekker went on to say that in Octobcr, 1880, the then Brisbane United Evangelistic Com* .mittee decided that it would be well to hold a service every Sunday night for the "lapsed masses." In November they appointed a sub committee of tho Revs. James Stewart, T. J. Pepper, D. F. Mitchell, H. CoombeB, and him self to select a place ajd carry on tho meetings. The service's^-were, on tho 21st of that' mouth, started in. the old Bijou Theatre, and cRrried on till; the' following May, when one Saturday morning the carter came to him and said he could not put the organ in the theatre, ns' it was being pulled down. He went then to the lessee of the Theatre Royal, who asked £5 per ''isight.;' After some talk on tho matter, the lessee agreed to take £3 3b., but as their former rent had been only 10s. ho felt misgivings at taking it; bccauso they owed over £5 for rent ' then. Bnt on "going down Queen street he met a merchant who, hearing what was the matter, took him into his office and gave him tho £3 3s. lor next evening. The meeting was such a Euoeess that next day ho took tho theatre with consent of 'the committee for 12 months, at £2 lOs.perweek. After a fow months thesnb 'committee handed the worfcover to tho Rev. Jns. Stewart and himself. About thiH timo the Hie Evangelical Stamford suggested that a city missionary was necefmry, and then shortly after that tho Rev. Jas. Stewart accepted tho position. It was not long after this that the Evahgelistio Committee died a natural death, and the Rev. Jus. Stewart and tho speaker found themselves involved with a serioiiB debt, 'but they took lip the responsibility, andhad carried on the work to tho present timo us a committee !of two, and did not mean to increase its sizo. In 1S83 tlio Y.M.C.A. wna formed, and it was then suggested thnt they should take up the theatre work. Tho former, however, werb then satisfied with tho existing arrangements, mid declined 'to be saddled with the debt, but promised' to help in the work, which they had dono up to January, 1885, when tho then secretary wanted to bo allowed to help to select the speakers, j which request was refused. Ho then started Another service. It has lately been suggested that they should now join tho Y.M.C.A;, be cause tho Y.M.C.A. waR a larger body than "flMy were; but aft they had never failed to pifty wt their service, wero in tbe fleld gome years bcforo.tho.XM.C.A.,.had.nothing to ! fear, and had ovidence that God was blessing their, labours, Jio diinot see thit they should gireiupl i The'snptqf !S4)19b. 8di was Miiced in tho collection plates. 