CHILDREN'S COLUMN,! PERLEY'S SPECULATIONS. [Br MARY DENSHL.J PABTL [From Barper's Young People.J The beginning of it all was when farmer Giddings gave Perley Paine a rooster, a hen, and their youthful daughter, a lank, long legged, half-grown chicken. "Being as it's the twenty-second of Feb ruary. yon might call 'em George and Martha WaBhiDgton and the Hatchet," suggested Mr. Giddings. Perley accepted the gift with mingled gratitude and disapproval. He sat eying the scrawny group gloomily, until the Hatchet lurched suddenly forward to catch a belated winter fly; upon which George gave vent to a melancholy crow, and Martha cackled hoarsely. Perley's face brightened. " Til make some thing out of you yet, you wretched skeletons," said he, with energy. And indeed, in lees than a month, plenty of corn and grain and Indian meal had wrought a miracle. George became plump and shining; bis wattles waxed fierce and red. The Hatchet grew fat and spry. As for Martha, she began to lay eggs at a famous rate. "One-two-six-ten ; I declare there are a dozen eggs," counted Perley. " Now we'll begin business." So early the next morning he appeared at Squire Allen's door. "I thought, Mrs. Allen," began Perley, when that roBy, happy-faced lady came to greet him-" I thought maybe you'd buy eggs of me this Bpring. Eggs are twenty-five cents a dozen at the stores; but I like to go on another-basis. Suppose 1 bring yon at least a dozen eggs every other Saturday. If I bring ihem promptly, yon give me thirty cents ; if my hen doesn't come up to time, why, you only give me twenty cents a dozen. Maybe X'll make five cents and you'll lose; maybe you'll make and I'll Iobb. Speculation, you see, Can't we trade ?" Mrs. Allen, being very obliging, and also fond of her lively young neighbour, "traded." For two months she bought Perley's eggs, and the balance was nearly even. Martha was diligent and attentive to her buBineBS; so if she iell short one fortnight, she amply made up in the next. If Perley came crestfallen with only six eggs on one Saturday, he was sure to appear with a dozen and a half before long. Trade flourished and decreased, and Perley was either jubilant or in trouble. Still, it was exciting. More so, he was sure-yes, far more interesting than to sell his eggs at the reeular market value, and run no risks. "Begin with eggs, end with railroads and Bank stock," mused Perley. " Speculation's the business for me." But suddenly a dire calamity befell. Night after night there was confusion in the hen house; a hubbub; evidently a battle; for more than once Perley found broken eggs and scattered feathero. Who or what was the enemy? In vain Perley tried to diBcover. The affair became very serious. Trade languished wofully by reaaon of those broken eggs. At last, one moonlight evening, when Perley was on the watch, a pretty black and white creature was seen creeping slyly along. At first Perley thought it a kitten, but a strong odour came, wafted on the breeze. " If it were only a fox or a weazel," groaned Perley; " but to be robbed by a" Perley seta trap. The shrewdest sinner of the genus mephitis walked round it and over it, but never into it. Perley tried poiBon. The wily thief sniffed at it, and broke two extra eggs to pay for the insult, while-oh, misery 1-George was found next morning stiff and stark, having peeked at the strych nine and given np the ghost. In rage and despair Perley caught the afflicted Martha under one arm, tucked Hatchet under the other, and marched to Mrs. Allen. "It's no use," said he, bitterly. "Yon must raise your own eggs, ma'am. If you'll give me a dollar and a half you can have both these fowls." Mrs. Allen had the softest heart in the world, so the money was placed in Perley'g band. He was walking slowly home there with, and thinking how he shonld miss the fun of "trade," especially now when his gains were growing faster than his losses, when he met Billy O'Grafferty coming ronnd a corner nibbling a pea-nut. ? Now Perley bad a speaking acquaintance with MastertO'Orafferty, as opposing Gene rals may recognise and respect one another for mutual courage and .prowess, Billy was the leader of the Irish gentry of O'Grafferty Court, between whom and the High-School boys was a good-natured but perpetual war fare, Perley was the uptown Captain, and many were the hand-to-hand tussels he had had with the hard-fiBted Billy. But as they were equal in point of bruises and valour, Perley could afford a graoious "How are you? and Billy was prompt with his equally condescending " Hollo 1 have a pay-nut t" " Where did you get them ?" asked Perley, seeing that Billy's pockets were full to over flowing. "Captain Byles's ship's inn. Sown to Emery s W'arf, He's got a bag o' nuts, Giving of 'em away, he is." Perley's mind give a quick jump this way and that way, and he was rushing toward Emery's Wharf. What could be the secret which Perley was pouring into Captain Byles's ear, and which made the jolly captain throw back his head and roar with merriment? Then Perley would catch the captain's vest button ana eagerly whisper something more, and again the wharf would fairly ring with peals of lanehter. "1 shall double my capital in no time," ended Perley. " Come now. captain." "Bless my soul!" shonted the oaptain, "' Double my capital 1' Well, you be a sharp youngster. Not another nut shall yon boys have. Off with yon. Trade's the word; speculation's the idea. Ha I ha 1 ha-a-a !" There was more mystery yet: there was a canvas bag; there was a rattling of nuts; there was a slipping of three fifty-cent pieces into Captain Byles's pocket; there was a hurried Good lnok to yon 1" and Perley was running off as fast as ne had come, leaving the captain to rob his hands and chuckle. " Sharp little chap! Ha 1 ha! ha-a-a !" The very next day, as dusk came on, Sin, Paine was coining home laden with bundles from a shopping expedition, when the flue of an oil-torch met her eyeB. " Pea-nuts! fresh, hot pea-nuts?" The voice sounded familiar, and what shonld meet her bewildered gaze but the face and form of her own son behind a shabby deal table at the comer of the street 1 There be stood, in shrill accents exhorting the passers to "Buy my pea-nuts-ten aenta a qua-art 1" " Perley Pake, what ate yon doing?" Perley started, blushed, hesitated. " Why, selling pea-nuts, mother. I bought them cheap. (Excuse me. Pea-nuts did ran say. sonny? One pint? Five cents? Call again.) Captain Byles sold me fifty quarts for one dollar fifty. I sell them at-(Oh, Jndge Western! Two quarts? Yes, eir; thank 50a. Trade is brisk)-at ten cents a quart, mother. I'd gain thtee dollars and a Half if I didn't have 'to pay BUly O'Grafferty fifty cents for roasting them in his oven ana tend ing shop. UBually I don't sell; I only keep the books. To-night Biily has the toothache, eo I take ten cents off his regular pay for absence. He cays it's mean; I say it's Dpi* ness. The whole affiir'e a speonlation, mother; for if the regular pea-nnt roan on CongresB-Btreet finds me out, he'll lower hie price, and that's the end of me." Mrs. Paine walked slowly home, shaking her head. Should she stop Parley's wild Bcheme ? But she was a wise woman. " The boy must learn by experience; and he's his father's son. I'll trust him." So she only kept her eyes wide open, but said no word, even when, at the end of a week, Perley came home .with a severe cold and aching throat. " Bnt it's worth it, mother," he cried, triumphantly, "I've cleared two dollars and ninety cents. That's nearly as much as I hoped. The regular pea- nut man got wind of it, and the boys came to jeer over me, but I snapped my fingers at them and showed them my empty bag." He bore the discomfort of bis sore throat bravely, and said not a word of complaint when a whole night he lay awake feverish and ill. Bat a hotter fever than any mere cold could bring was in Perley's veins-the fever which has consumed many an older and wiser person. His mother was somewhat amazed when, a few days later, as the ladieB of the Church "guild were planning for a little sals, Perley drew her one side and whispered, " Persnade them to have it in Fluent Hall, won't you ?" "But why in Fluent Hall?" " It's a-speculation," answered Perley. " I knew people would be having fairs and Bociables, so Mr. Fluent and I are in partner ship, mother. I'll let that hall to yon for ten dollara, mother! Ah, now, do say' yee.'" Mrs. Paine looked troubled, but her boy's face was so eager that ahe only said, aloud this time, "Yon are your father's son, Perley; remember that I shall trust you." Perley had gone to Mr. Fluent with a small green bank-book in his hand, baid he-" My uncle John put one hundred dollars in the Bank for me. He told me the day might come when a hnndred dollars would do me a deal of good. The day has come. Will you rent your hall to me for that sum, if I take it for four months? Yon can hold the book, Mr. Fluent." But Mr. Flnent could drive a bargain ae well as his questioner. "Call it a hundred and twenty, and give me twenty dollars down in cash, and you shall have the hall," said he. Twenty dollars down ? Where could Perley raise twenty dollars ? But the very idea of dealing no longer in pennies, nor even in five dollar schemes, but actually in the twenties, even in a hundred dollarB, fired Perley's imagination. So he made a certain journey to Fore-street, but never a word did he breathe at home in regard to his pretty silver watch, which he had left in the dirty handB of Isaac Schry ver, the pawnbroker. Bnt soon another worry swallowed up the feat that his mother should notice the watch's absence, and enquire its whereabouts. Fluent Hall must be rented at least twelve times to give him back his money. It would be a sorry day if ever he had to draw his hundred dollars ont of the Bank. One would think that he would have aocepted his unole John's offer of twenty dollars for taking charge of his furnaoe this coming winter; but Perley had loftier schemes than mere drud gery. In the first place he was full of a plan for two "exhibitions." Not that he himself meant to take part, but if he could persuade his classmates to act a conpleof plays and raise money for a new piano, what place so well adapted for the performance as Fluent Hall ? He could be hiB 0wn docr-keeper, and so, first and foremost, Becure each night his own ten dollars. One morning in November Mrs. Paine won dered at seeing a be vy of boys perching on her fence and clustering round her door-steps. She reoognised Master O'Grafferty and seve ral of his cronies among the number. " Fifteen cents apiece, and mind you're on hand bright and early," she heard Perley say. All the lads sane out "AyI ay!" while Billy added, "Well lave the fightin' for a more convaynient s'ason, Perley. Can't be a-hittin' of the boss, ye know." Mrs. Paine raised her eyebrowB enquiringly as Perley came into the room, and that wor thy replied with a nod "Speculation, mother. Bight gentlemen have promised me the shovelling of the Bnow from their sidewalks for the Beason. Six dollars apiece." "But you can't shovel eight sidewalks in season after every storm." " Of course I can't, sweet mamma. That's the very point. Didn't you hear Billy call me the 6oss? Those eight chaps are my menials. I pay them fifteen cents apieoe for every job. Ifj it's an open winter, I make money. If the snow comes often, so much the worse for me." "Oh, Perley! Perley!" cried his mother. " The risk" " It's the riBk that's the very marrow of it all J" cried Perley, &nd; off he went to argue with Harvey Danforth, and persuade him to take part in the exhibition which the school boys and girls had consented to give. [ It wonld be most trying if Harvey refused to act, for the Danfords were leading mem bers of the Unitarian Sooiety, who were to give a series of coffee parties. If Harvey consented to speak "Spartacns to the Roman Envoys," Harvey's grown- np sister wonld come to rehearsal. She would thus see what a oapital place Fluent Hall wonld be for-coffee parties. You perceive that there were wheels within wheels in the machinery which Perley was trying to manage. Alas! these same wheels refused to work smoothly. When Perley came home that evening his face was as black as a thunder cloud. Most unfortunately his plans re garding the coffee parties had leaked out, and Harvey Danforth had turned upon him like a flash, " So that's the reason you've been wheedling me to do ' Spartacns,' and making believe I was a second Booth. I'd be ashamed to pull wires in that fashion. They're going to have their coffee parties in parlonrs, so you needn't hang ronnd me with your soft speeches." Every one knewthat Harvey Danforth was an ill-natured hoy; hut none the less Perley was nearly beside himself at the insult, and his temper was perhaps hardly soothed by finding, when he awoke the next morning, that the air was thick with snow-flakes. (To be continued.) 