THE CBADOCK GBOST STORY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I see by the columns of your paper that we have to deal with two more aaciias Shegog, namely, Evans end Jones, who, like Shegog, after they had seen the child could tell me nothing that night nor next morning what they thought of it, at leaBt, not to my face like men would do. Quite true my child was bedded on a pug floor, if Mr. Evans wishes to call it so, or rather on a natural ground floor, for since the walls wera bnilt there was never a floor put in, nor was the room finished or furnished, and therefore only used for sundries; and as Mr Rodeghiero has only two small dwellingroomB besides the two pug-floored at the back we had to make use of one of those, for the family only had a few days' notice of our coming when they took my two ohildren and myself in and had little time to prepare anything. I never heard of the taffey-sticks mentioned until it was published, but very likely Messrs. Evans and Jones are fond of lollypops and think the child must be the same. Nor can I say that it is the spirit of the child's mother that troubles her, but am jnst as snre that it is something awful that overcomes her. I am a poor man and cannot do as I wish this moment, but as soon as circumstances will allow I will take a step which I troBt will prove that it is not a fraud nor trickery. 1 do not intend to take her to the like of Evans or Jones, but to gentlemen who I hope will have understanding, and then I will see what I can do. It seemed strange, very strange, to those two that the child Bhould drop into a deep slumber in one minute and a half, but I think that any man with common sense could see that such a slumber is not a natural one, and my opinion is that some power overtakes her and at that moment she drops into a kind of trance, and shortly after this she begins to work in fits, and because the child would not keep still for these two to open her eye whilst in that state, or to be stifled by a strong ammonia bottle, with which Jones had teased her night after night, or a few such foolish trials, the child mat be awake or shamming asleep. I earnestly wish that some may be good enough to hold an ammonia bottle as strong as the one which Jones possesses under nis and Evans's noses, and see how long they stanl it withont turning away. Most likely they will cover their heads if applied night after night. What seems most striking is that after Evans bad left Biackrock Jones still came to see if he conld find out anything more about the child. He had on several ocsasions asked me to leave her at his residence for a night. I refused to do, as, so far, I consider he had done nothing but what I think foolery to find out anything. He told me that he thought the child was shamming, but he may see something which wonld convince him that he was wrong. And yet at that tame that man had signed his name to a statement which says it is a clear fraud, and still by his words there was nothing certain abont it. Your correspondent said that the night when the child was slung in a hammock there were no raps, but he knows well that the knocking does not come every night and not at the same houra. This mystery has nothing to do in connection with the four pigs standing on their heads or conductor either, and over which I wonder how the public could be made to believe such. I among many do not. Should the public have made a mistake, perhaps it was K. Evans einging and not the pigs. I am, Sir, &c.;, June 14. A. SCHULTZE, The father of the little girl. 