CHAPTER XIY.-MR BATES'S NEWS. It -was with some difficulty, notwith standing his familiarity with the route and his excellent sea legs, that Mr. Bates found his way to the cuddy. The deck, for reasons of his own, quite unconnected with the Btate of affairs there, was just now distasteful to him ; arid besides, hehad news to tell somebody. It may seem strange that under such conditions of peril it Bhould have been so. To a lands man, under the same circumstances, the state of the vessel would have been the sole subject of interest, and the only newa worth speaking of a change in the weather. But to a sailor, his ship is his home even when she has become a wreck, and life until she sinks, goes on there for him with its aims and motives much as usual. In times even that look desperate he does not defer things of importance till he get3 to dry land and can consider matters, but grasps the skirts of happy chance as they sweep by and looks' to the main one. Mr. Bates's errand was to Mr. Nor bury, at whose cabin door he knocked in a manner in which vehemence and caution were strangely mixed. It opened of ccurse from the cuddy, which was vacant. No meal had been served there for many a day ; the broad bare table looked dark and cheerless; the place itself, from which every article of movable furniture had long been removed, or been broken where it stood, most dismal. There was little fear of interruption or of eaves droppers but it was necessary to beat at the door with violence to overcome the tumult that reigned everywhere, and a3 be did so Mr. Bates kept an eye over his shoulder. The door was locked, but that did not necessarily imply that the tenant was within. It was Mr. Norbury's habit to lock his door when he was absent. On the other hand, if elsewhere, where could j he be 1 He was certainly not on deck, j and could not therefore have been a witness to the catastrophe that had just j occurred there. " Mr. Norbury," j shouted the third mate through the key- ! hole ; then, " Norbury, Norbury." His voice thus reiterating the other's j name in that solitary place had a grue- j some sound, like that raised by one who, | half superstitious and half sceptical, I utters his own name in the dead of night ? alone, with the idea of rousing his familiar spirit. ! " Norbury, Norbury, lefc ma in; I have great and terrible news for you." "What news?" Mr. Bates started and turned round, then uttered a shrill cry of terror, and staggered against the cabin door. Ciose behind him, clinging to the table with Norbury, pale astlio ghost he deemed her to be, her loDg hair streaming down her both hands and peering over it, was Edish neck, her eyes fixed on lxia own with agonised enquiry, "You have terrible news, you say. ^ hat is it ? My uncle is not in his cabin ; he is in the round house." The sweat brok6 out upon Mr. Bites's forehiad. If this woman was really alive and was speaking truth, he had been cali ir.g on a dead man, and with what a pur pose ! He had been striving to inform a spirit already in hell (for so the position occurred to him) that the girl whom he hated, and the man whom he feared and had tried to slay, wore both swept from his path. The man was certainly gone, but the girl was standing before his own eyes, Gradually the true state of aft'iiis began to dawn upon him, but it was a ve'.y different matter to tell it to the ear fi r .which it had been first intended, and io tell it to this girl. A heart that is not to be touched by pity will sometimes be moved by the consciousness of the commission of a wrorg. In Edith's presence the man trembled ; his remorse for the moment gave his voice the semblance of sympathy. " If your uncle was in the round-house, Miss Edith, he has perished, for io lu3 been swept away." " Great heavens! And Eleanor?'' " She has perished with him-I saw her washed overboard with my own eyes." "It is impossible, it is too horrible;" answered the girl vehemently. "How could you have seen them perish, when you came down here to speak to my uncle ? I heard you calling to him ; you said you had terrible news for him." It would have been difficult even for one ?who was more accustomed to speak the truth than the third mate to state matters as they had actually occurred. It would have been embarrassing enough to have to say, "When I witnessed the catastrophe which has occurred to your cousin I took her for you; it was the tidings of your death which I was about to communicate to Mr. Norbury," not, as it had seemed, with a Buperflaity of emotion. Bat un happily there was so much more to say. " I have told you the simple fact. Miss Edith; I saw the round-house swept away with your cousin, but I did not know Mr. Norbury was within it. No, it is useless for you to go on deck." He seized her wrist as she was staggering towards the companion ladder and de tained her by main force. '' I will not permit you to clo it; it would be dan gerous in the last degree. There is no one there save those whom duty compels to be." i " Mr. Layton is there, I know." " Not now." He uttered the words with an inten tional significance, yet without meaning to be brutal; it was easier to hint curtly at what had happened than to explain it in set terms of any kind. " Not now! What, in heaven's name do you mean ?" she ga3ped. " Where is he'{" Mr. Bates was silent It was a ques tion, no doubt, very hard to answer ; but to the girl's searching and suspicious glance there seemed something more than embarrassment in his face. " What have you done with them ?" she exclaimed with a fierce light in her eyes, seizing the officer by his loose sailor neckerchief. " Murderer 1 murderer Help ! assistance!" A door opened behind them, and Aunt Sophia tottered out of her cabin. "Merciful heaven!" she cried, "what has happened ?" 1 hen perceiving Edith engaged in a frantic struggle with she knew not whom, she swelled with her feeble voice the girl's cries for help Mr. Ainsworth and Lewis Conolly appeared simultaneously-the former from his cabin, the latter flying down the companion-ladder like a ball, but alighting on his feet. At the sight of them Edith released her hold of the third mate. " What is the matter?" enquired the clergyman anxiously ? " You may well ask !" panted Mr. Bates. With one hand clinging to the table, Edith pointed to him with the other. " That man is a murderer !" she gasped; "he has murdered my Charley !" The midshipman flew at his throat like a bull-pup, while Bates struck at him furiously. The paralysis which had seemed to seize him while in Edith's hands disappeared in the case of this new assailant. Mr. Ainsworth threw himself between the two unequal com batants with a vigor wholly unexpected, and separated them by main force. "Shame upon you, to call yourselves Christian men," he exclaimed reprovingly, " and thus to fight upon the brink of the grave ! Now, Mr. Bates, explain yourself." " X have noting to explain-the matter does not concern me at all," answered the third mate sullenly, " but I had some bad news to tell, and this young lady has con fused the bearer of it with its cause." " That man has murdered my Charley!" reiterated Edith. Her body quivered and tiembled as much with excitement a3 with the rolling and pitching of the ship, but the outstretched arm with which she denounced her enemy was 3tiff as steel. . '' There must be some mistake, Miss Edith," murmured the clergyman sooth ingly. " Mr. Layton wa3 alxve and well 10 minutes ago, when Mr. Conolly and I brought you two ladies from the round house." " It is true enough, however, that he is dead," said the third mate curtly. " But as to my having murdered him, as the young lady says, it is she, if anybody, who has done it." "What does the man mean-he must be mad ?" exclaimed Mr. Ainsworth. "Well, this is how it happened. Mr. Layton and I were near the wheel when the wave came that pooped us. _ The round-house was swept away, and with it, as we both thought, Miss Edith yonder. Mr. Layton seeing her go overboard (though I suppose it was Miss Eleanor) jumped on to the taftrail and leapt into the sea after her. That's the simple fact, and I don't see how I could have stopped him, or how it was my fault." "Mr. Bates is right so far, my dear young lady," said the clergyman tenderly. It behoves us, no matter how heavy may be our bereavement, to be just; if our dear brother has been taken from U3, we may be sure if in the realms of bliss hia soul could be troubled by anything it would be so by an accusation made on his account against an innocent man." " What need had I to hurt him," mut tered the third mate, " even if I had a wish to do it ? I suppose such a sea as this is enough to drown any one without hitting him over the head." Mr. Ainsworth threw a searching glance on the speaker which seemed to say, "This man doth protest too much," but his attention was suddenly called to Edith, who would have fallen to the ground had not the young midshipman caught her in his arms. The blood had left her face, her eyes were closed, her limbs were rigid. "Hold her," he cried excitedly, "while I run for Mr. Doyle." " No," exclaimed Aunt Sophia in an unwonted tone of authority. " Bring h.er into her cabin and leave her with me." Her woman's eyes perceived that her neice had only fainted, her woman's heart recooniaed at once that the presence of anyone of whose sympathy the girl was not assured would on her coming t j herself be most painful to her; she would be m the lowest depths of distress and despair in any case, and if her grief should not have way it might even be fatal to har. Uxider Aunt Sophia's guidance Mr. Auia worth and the young midshipman carried her tenderly into her cabin and placed her upon the narrow bed. It seemed like laying the poor girl's corpse in h9T coffin. The third mate remained outside, irreso lute and disconcerted. Nothing had turned out as he had expected. There was no need for his remaiaing in the cuddy, yet he hesitated to go on deck, where his duties called him Presently the cabin door opened, and the tuo men came out. Conolly slowly made his way up the companion, without even looking at Mr. Bates. His step had lost ita spring, his young heart was heavy within him for Edith's sake. Mr. A ins wortli addressed the third mate in the tone of a judge who cross examines a witness-" \ou say that Mr. Layton jumped overboard '! Did yoa sea him afterwards "How could I?" wa3 the sulky re] sponse. " 1 mean, did you see him sink, 3ir ?" " Well, no, he had a life-belt on hiin, but I saw him drown." " A life-belt! How was that ?" "I suppose he thought that it might keep him up a bit. If he had been a sailor he would have known better; in such a sea it would only prolong hi3 fate." "Well, you have brought bad news to that innocent girl-news that will wreck her life, if it is Heaven's will that she or any of us should live to remember thi3 day. Let me ask you to make amends for it, in some small degree. Do not tell her that Mr. Layton had a life-belt." " Very good ; though there would have been no harm, I should have thought, in her believing that he jumped overboard aiter her." " It is not that, sir," answered Mr. Ainsworth angrily. " Can you not under stand that it was for her, and not for him self, that the brave fellow took that poor prtcaution? What I am afraid of is that in her ignorance of such matters she might still think that there is hope for him, and not face the miserable fact at once." "Hope! How can there be hope for him, when I saw him-at least as good as saw him-drown with my own eyes ? How could a man live for five minutes in such a turmoil " Of course not-It is impossible," sighed Mr. Ainsworth to himself. " Heaven give her strength to bear her burthen !" A midshipman looking like a drowned mouse came running down the companion. " You are wanted on deck Mr. Bates," he. cried with more excitement than respect. Then, perceiving the clergyman, he added cheerfully, " The clouds are lifting and the gale ha3 abated, sir. There is hope for us still, Mr. Marston thinks." "Thanks, my lad." Mr. Ainsworth smiled and nodded gravely. " That will be hardly good news to thia poor girl. It would be better, perhaps, for her if she never woke to life again. God alone knows, however, what it the best for us." 