INTERNAL EVIDENCE - FO R THE NEW TESTAMENT. ( Continued .) First, then, we open the Gospels- at that stage in the life of Jesus when, emerging from obscurity, He first presen- ted Himself as a Teacher sent from, God. - And the firBt thing we observe is, that : He frequents the synagogue and goes up- to Jerusalem to keep the annual festivals, like any other Jew. The next thing is essentially in keeping with this, that at the very outset of His first lengthened discourse — delivered before a vast audi ence, already- startled by the novelty of -His claims— He emphatically disclaims having come to set up any new religion ; - assuring His hearers that so far from any hostility in His mission to the ancient . Faith, it held it more stable than the heavens and the earth themselves. Accordingly, He goes on to show the spirituality, breadth, and perpetuity- of some ofthe leading commandments of the Decalogue ; rising at length to a surpass ing exhibition of the love due even - to enemies, in the exercise- of which His disciples would reflect the image of their. Father in heaven in His procedure towards -the unthankful and the evil. This view of - bum'anduty, though not unknown to the ancient Faith, was in only it as the oak is in the acorn, or a glorified saint in the unborn babe; and being hindered from coming out before by the contracted character of the old economy, and under mined by corrupt traditionary teaching, it would be to the masses that listened to it about as new as it- afterwards - was when first preached - to the outside Pagan- world. But tohat was taught would . amaze them even less than -the air of authority with which it was -uttered: " Language never before - or since assumed - by any other man is this Teacher's. v;i characteristic style. He speaks through- ; out as the authoritative Interpreter; and rightful Conservator and Avenger' of the Divine law. While in the Old Testa- ; ment, " I am the Lord" was added to the j:-' demands of the law, to intimate'from- ; Whom they issued, ' and by Whom" the breaches- of them would-be avenged, so; - " I say unto you" is the wonted manner T-. of this Teacher. And somehow or other"! it seems to become Him. From any other -lips one feels that such language would be ; impertinent and intolerable hut all that this Teacher says is-in such"- keeping with this style, that it seems to - come quite naturally to Him, to be. his n appropriate and befitting style,' and alto- -: gether to grace the lips that employ- it.- > But when in- the closing sentences >of this marvellous Discourse the Speaker holds i 1 Himself forth as the final Judge, who On- - the one hand will tear off the mask- of < professed attachment to Himself, - by which hypocrites will seek to propitiate-' His favourable award, and on the other:" hand will own every one that " heareth " 'these saying of. His and doeth them—, likening the one to a house built upon the - sand, which the storm Bhall miserably " sweep away, and the other to a house-:-; founded upon a rock, which -nothing can - shake— an entirely new light is thrown-" upon pur whole question; for sincethe- authority here assumed is nothing- less"- than Divine, it appears that - we have to put to the test not bo much a doctrine as- - a- person. " When the Son of Man shall 1 come in the throne of His glory, and all the holy angels with Him, then Bhall He sit on the throne of His glory; and before Him shall be gathered all nations and He shall separate the one from another, <fec." Here, not only are all the judicial prero gatives of the Deity claimed by the Speaker himself, hut the judgment is made to depend on the treatment which - men have given to Himself. " For I was - an hungered and ye gave me meat, &e.;" ; - Several times He refers to this personality. " If -a man love me, my Father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him, &c.;" In perfect harmony with this language of tbe fourth Gospel are the following words of the first: — "No. man knoweth the Son, hut the Father ; neither knoweth any man the Father save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him." Then follows that ravishing invitation, "Comb unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give voir best." Did ever human lips venture within any measurable approach to such language ? Any one might say, " Come, and I will show you where rest is to be found ; " hut here it is, " Come unto Me, and I will give you rest." Now, think for a moment what this is. To give repose to one weary, burdened soul — much more, to do this for all such of every age tod in every land — what mortal ever undertook this? What creature ever dreamt that he had the power to do it ? For he who can do this must first know who are in this, condition, and who, at any time and in any part of the world, are listening to his invitation and actually coming to him at any moment to obtain rest. Then, as the causes, the nature, and the pressure of internal misery are as diversified as men's individual history, he must needs know the precise features of every case that he has to deal with, just as the physician must take the diagnosis of every disease which he undertakes to cure. Then, over and above this — which is nothing else than omniscience — he must have an access to the human spirit, in order to apply his remedy, which no mortal has to the interior of any other man. But when all this has been done, he must be in possession of that sovereign balm for the maladies of our nature, and be able effectually to apply it to the wounds of every soul, which no creature ever was ridiculous enough to pretend to do. Nor was this a casual outbreak. To the woman of Samaria, at the very outset of His ministry, He said, " Whoso ever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him Bhall become in him a fountain of water, springing up into everlasting life." And towards the close of His ministry, on the laBt great day of the Feast of Tabernacles, and in the streets of Jerusalem, Jcbus stood and cried, " If any man thirst, let him come ttn' o Me and drink ; he that believeth on Me, as the Scripture hath said, Out of his belly " (his soul, his inner man) " shall flow rivers of living water." And about the middle period of His ministry, iu the synagogue of Capernaum, He proclaimed Himself in every form the Bread of Life, assuring His hearers that he who believeth in Him shall never hunger, and he that cometh to Him shall never thirst. Once and again he claimed to forgive sins ; and when challenged as a blasphemer in one case for so doing, He proceeded to prove His right and His power, even as " the Son of Man on .earth," to do it by instantaneously curing of paralysis the person in question. To His disciples He promised to be the Hearer of their prayers : " Whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, that will I do, that the Father may. be glorified in the Son: If ye shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." When ready to be stoned for making Himself equal with God, instead of repu diating the claim and protesting that He had been misunderstood He on one occasion, reiterates the claim even more nakedly, only - explaining that it involved no rivalry with the Father whom He came expressly to glorify, and with whom in His whole work He had a perfect understanding. Finally — for examples would be endless — when about to leave the world. He ordered those who were to be His witnesses, to baptize all who should believe on Him through their word "into the name of the Father, and or the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; " adding, " and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." And, in the full consciousness and exalted fore sight of the result of His mission, He addressed the handful of disciples whom He had gathered near the outset of His ministry, in the presence of a vast multi tude of hearers, as "the salt of the earth and the light of the world; " and in this strain does He speak to them throughout. (To be Continued.) 