Ucoti). TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in sertion in the news columns should be addressed to Tiik Kditoiu No notice can he taken of anonymous communica tions. Every letter must he accompanied by the name and audre^s of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of jjood faitb. PUBLISHED DAILY Fit WAY, JANUARY Vh 1SS7. METROPOLITAN GOSSTP. There is something in the selection of the Exhibition Commiesion which e'.iowa the strange tendency we hare hero to rush after a fashion. No one will caTil nt tho appoint ment of the President or Vice-PresidentB, but it msi6l have a in used those who hare seen so much of Mr, John Blyth in public since the present Ministry toot oflico to find him amongst the chosen, and then to seek round for b reason for hit inclusion in the' team. I suppraev-Mr. Byron • Moore wa drawn into the: circle" bocause he could not possibly be done without. For »ome yearB Mr. B. Moore has been a fashion, and while this it t!io caso it is very dangerous to speak out, but nevertheless, one rrquircs peculiar magnifying glasses to be able to discover the wisdom which is supposed to reside Under his hat. I notice that while Melbourne ia very largely represented on tho Commission, Mr. Gillies has not remembered^ that tho farmers should hare §nmo representation there aa well as conimercisl and pastoral men aud politician;.' Tremendous accessions to tho colntral shoddy aristocraoy oro expected in rottme tion with iho forthcoming exhibition11. Mr. Gill cs ii aware of this and is turning ti c s.tuulion lo excellent account, poliiicOly. speaking. Those who h»TO relumed, from; the Indo-Colonial Exhibition simple C. M.; G's will bo Certain to bo K.C.M.G.'s, and U.e common lot who swim in without a Imft cr small tail to their names, will have every show of securing tho required adjunct, fir Duncan Gillies will sound well, so will Sir Alfrod Deakin, the Gog and Magog of iho the Conservativo and Liberat parties in Vic | toria, whilo rowdy Dow, CMS., will look: really erand. Professor lVnrson scoll< «!. u title «o. long ds l.e ia allowed to draw Li-« screw and wrilo on I "culelia" for lite periodical press. ., ThuolebmteJ J1111my■ Thompson attached. V> Mr. BosisJo's mi o, is Slid to liuvo provided hiinse!! with a "Windfor .uniform, to thai he will he able to S:.v t »i», ejpi'nse, and troublr, when rrijiii'.-1n) Io' kinel down to rceeivo some token :uf Her Majisty's pleasure. Its a fine country, 111". It eeom? JjtoJy that after u <ro0l| deal of shilly-shallying' »e 'nru o have the Knrl of Carnarvon O' ce inoro »3 Se'.MOiiiry i f Slate for.tht* Colonic'. There- is not, much cause for illuminntii)- a i>r lh=. l.liro\rinj> up t>f I.,•<(,>,> for thu feliclii.il h;i3 f,i 11 IJ iipmi p/-ihnp* tho; most, cut, in it nil. .To.y rf IhoTory party,: whose virws euuhl not p. sibly he in neror-. dutico' wi'h ro'oii es exi-iinn under Libera): •government. the noble- lSarlj this is what J uinii/,2'air suid nearly twenty years ago:. ** He biln ves in the original Tory. croid, which tenches the main'onanco of the profci iptlvi' prvlegi s cf, ti,e it teliigenUndi propertied few iis^the bpst/methed of gorern-l in&. the poor and uniDtell'g*nt mai y." and: contains damiatory'clauses^for tlio musses; who refuse to believe id, or., bo suved bv it; now (1S00) that, that creed has been solemnly buried by its former professors, ho walks like, a grand und dignified political - ghost , among a backsliding • generation." Twenty year.*, I am sure,-has not-improved: ttic noble lord, so the colouies may hope for very :littlo~ from his sojourn in Downing streit ■ Itis stated in commercial circles that the chiof rcascn of tho delay ir. the r.-cent examination for University medical honors, was the failure o/ the University authorities to'obtain a "corpse" for the candidates to .operate on. As uau-il, the authorities showed a great, .lack of wolldly knowledge, for, if tbey had but inserted ft ihilling advertise ment in the morning papers, they surely would have born quickly swamped with applications from people who either liavo dead or djing on hjnd. Considering there aro so many [fioiiMiSJs of mortality who sell their living friendsfjfi a trifle, there would over an hs>ncst pftnny" from decsused relatives. 1 I have board of shabby tbing3 before now but for uller meanness, commend mo to the members of the Civil Sem'co, who, not con tent with high (uloric! and important official positions, try to supplement their incomes by doing a little private business after hours. Mr. Templeton, the chairman of the Public Servico Commissioner*, was charged in the House last session with doing actuarial busi I ness for an Insurance Company in the even ing. and be did not dtny it when Mr. Service tackled him about it. Now I hear soma young gentlemen, connected with one of tho departments, eko out . their salaries l>y means of repoiting for the evening pnpera. A ccrtaiu schoolmaster, who has a literary turn, may do and does any amount of con tributing to the press, although, in order to induce him to attend to his legitimate business, he was sent up country to a back woods distrTct some years ago. This is bad tnough, but what is to be thought of Ministers of tha Crown clipping in, and working for a few additional stivers weekly to thtir £ 1,500 or £2,000 a year. O tempora O moret. Who is to blame 1 It is said that the Sandridge lagoon nuisance would have been a thing of the past if the South Melbourne CJity Council had seen its way to contribute towards the contraction o£ a main drain to conduct the severage of the lower part of the city direct into the sea instead o£ at present into the lagoon. Notwithstanding the wave of com mercial depression from which, in a greater or less degree, all the Aus tralian colonies suffered last year, we are pleased to note from the annual circular just to band, issued by Messrs. McEvoy and Co., that that financial firm negotiated advances the amount of £251,781 as against £21S,224 in the previous year. The interest ob tained varied from 5-i to 8 per cent. This large increase of business is nc doubt mainly owing to their command of large capital, and to the special faculties the firm have for advising borrowers or investors who may en trust business to them. Strange to say that, notwithstanding the outbreak of typhoid fever, nothing has been done to abate the Sandridge lagoon nuisance. "^Several cases of typhoid fever are reported from Port Melbourne. We are pleased to learn that the erection of a; pier at the terminus of ]ierferd-road, will shortly be com- ] menced. j ,, On; Tuesday morning Mr. Harry, Merrington, a builder, aged 24 years, was found dead in Albert Park, near Albert-road, by. Walter Short, who resides at 71 Heath-street, Port Mel bourne. Mr. Short reported the dis covery to the South Melbourne police, and two constables went to the park. A re solver was clenched in Merring ton's right hand, and there was a bullet wound in his head. The body was conveyed to the morgue, where it •was identified as that o£ the son of Mr. George Merrington, who lives in Kerferd-road, South Melbourne. The deceased had several years ago made the aquaintance of a married woman, who lately assumed the name of Mer rington. lie quarrelled with her some time ago, and since then she had been in the habit of writing to him. This practice seemed to annoy him. He left home at half-past 6 p.m. on Mon day in good health and spirits, and there was nothing in his manner to lead liis friends to suppose that he intended to commit suicide. At a meeting of the Cabinet held on Tuesday.evening the question of the. recent \va(or—f;tminu came under con-; sideration, and the Minister of Public "Works was requested to ascertain who:her arrangements could not be made for sin''intermittent supply, as suggested- in the, Arfliis of Tuesday,1 in tlit; event of a future visitation 06 hot weather such as has been ex-: perii-nced during;tlie past week. The Government lie sired. i\I r.- 'iS'inimo to endeavour to make arrangements mulct] I which it would be impossible for any, suburb, to be deprived of water for Is-.iveral consecutive- days in future.1 I Westrictive. measures to prevent tho waste of .water are, likewise to have consideration, iincl steps will probnbly. bo taken to compel; nil who use .hose ^pipes ,for waterings gardens,Ac., Iq have a meter, andt pay according to the (]uanlity of water used. The ollicors of tlic lAVator Supply depart-! liient assert that - not-.more than 01107 tenth of the 'householders who'ustf hose pipes for irrigaiion, &c.;, have nielers to register their consumption! The (Jovonimoiit. arc favourably disi posed lowards- tlic proposal that the water supply of;"Melbourne should be placed in the hands of the Mctropoli: tan Board of iWorlis as soon as that body has been constituted. Oil Monday John' Patterson, living at Yinccnt-street,South Melbourne had his lingers crnshed by a sheet of iron falling 011. liiiu. He was ad mitted into the Alfred Hospital. The following information is token from Ibo Government Gaseltc, ifBUcd liist Friday :— Mr. Chut". Le Cren; secretary to tbo Publio Works Department,; lins been appointed chairman, and Mr. H. M. Chomley, eliief coinmis.-ioner of polico, Tico-chairman of ilie Teuder Board for tho year 1887. 'Xbo chief inspector of factories (Mr. D. J. C. Goodsir) publishes a notice calling upon the occupiers of factories or workrooms to pay their rugis I ration fees during ihe current month at his ollice, Government, offices, Spring strict, Mi-lbourne. 