THE LEGEND OF GLEN- PEAN. [ BY CLAVERLEY. ] Author of "The Secret of Arnsdale." " By- and-Bye," "Out of the Mist," "Three Kieses," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. AT HOME. " And this is our home! You like it, Therese ? my wife ! my darling !" said a tall, well-built man of thirty or thereabouts, as he drew hiB wife nearer to his side, and gazed down proudly and fondly into her beautiful upturned face. " Like it!" she exclaimed, as with a smile her eyes met his, " how could any one help loving such a place! such a home! I can scarcely realize that it is really my own home; mine for always; it seems so far too good, and I am so happy, that sometimes I feel almost frightened at my own happiness," and she laid her hand npon his arm caressingly, as if seeking his strong protection, believing that no possible harm could come to ber while he was by her side. "No harm can come near you now, my dariiDg," he returned ; " the old troubles are over; they were hard enough while they lasted, we both know, but we surmounted them, and now have nothing to do but to look forward to a life of perfect happiness together." " But don't you think, Hubert, that people may be even too happy?" she questioned, while a far away dreamy look filled her eyes; " don't you think that trouble often follows in the wake of great happiness, and when people love each other very, very dearly ?" " No," he answered laughing, as he looked into her tear-dimmed eyes, and then continued, "what, tears, darling? I thought we had left the tears behind ; I thought that they were buried in the paBt, before you became my wife ?" "I fear you are tired with your journey," he continued presently, as he placed himself by her side upon the broad-cushioned seat of a deep recessed window that looked forth upon a wide expanse of country; "sad thoughts will vanish, you know, after you are rested." "I hope so," she reponded, as her eyes wandered over the glorious view. The lady and gentleman to whom I have thus introduced my readers were Lord and Lady Glenpean, and they had just reached their Scottish home from the Continent. A beautiful home it was, too; for the Castle of Glenpean stood high up upon one of the ^mountains of North Britain, and behind it rose, in still towering grandeur, the well-wooded mountain upon which its strong masonry was erected—not such masonry as we have nowadays were the castle walls composed of, but of solid flint and stone, cemented together with the ground flint and mortar that was so prevalently used in the Norman and subsequent periods. IlThe walls of the castle were several feet in thickness, and the great mullioned windows stood in deep recesses of the walls, that even at the time in which my story opens were guarded by strong iron bars, that had been so needful for safety and security in the troublous timesofyore, when the different Scottish clans were warring with each other, or were contending with other powers for the rights of their king and country. And it was from one of the windows of this grand old Scottish home that Lady Glenpean looked forth as the fast setting sun glinted upon the dancing foam and spray of a distant waterfall that sprang and murmured from rock to rock, twining down the face of the cliff like a bluish silver ribbon. At the top of the cliffs, where the water first made its appearance and leapt forward, bounding and tumbling into the space below, catching and resting for a moment upon the outjutting rocks that intercepted its precipitous headlong course, were fir and other trees, forming quite a woodland high up in the air; and amongst the tall, straight trunks of these trees, and across the turbulent rushing fall of water, was flung a rustic bridge, which gave access from one part of the wood to the other, whereon the climbers to that dizzy height cculd stand and view the lake beyond, in which the waterfall had its birth; and could aleo watch its downward descent until it reached level ground, where, after a little singing and gurgling, it wandered placidly along the smooth meadow lands until it reached the river, and added its complement of water to the enlarging of the stream that in its course soon reached the mighty ocean, cot so far away but that its heaving billowy Burface could be distinctly seen from more than one of the Castle windows. " We will go there, Hubert," said Lady Glenpean, as she pointed to the picturesque scene ; "it is very beautiful, and it is ours, too, is it not?" " Yes, it is ours," returned Lord Glenpean; "it is in the eBtate—and, yes, we wUl go there; we will go everywhere now that we are home; and you will love the dear old place for my sake, for it is all very dear to me." "I love it all for itself," she returned, thoughtfully; " but it is dearer far because it is yours. I learned to love it all before I ever saw it, when you used to describe it to me. 1 seemed then to know almost every room and outlook that belonged to the long, brave line of the Glenpeans. " Yes," he responded, meditatively, " but I never told you all about the old place: I could not; it would fill volumes, and besides there are many things to be told which require telling upon the spot where the deeds were enacted long ago. It then brings it home more vividly to the imagination." "I suppose there are many weird legends connected with the Castle?" she said presently, as her white, jewelled hands lay clasped upon his arm. " Yes, dear, many—very many, and thoBe that are the most strange are withal the most true. "Come to this window," he continued, rising, and leading tbe way across the room to another wide, deep-seated outlook. " Ycu gee that lake?" he asked, as she scaled herself upon the soft crimson cushions that tilled the recess. " Yes," she responded, gazing in the direction that he indicated; " and 1 Bee the island beyond, with the old ruined Church, whOBe masonry is encircled almost everywhere with ivy. It looks in a most dilapidated condition ; it seems quite a pity that it should be so neglected. Ste thtre, where the sun is just shedding its lurid gleams through that perfectly luiuied, though glassless, window. It makes me imagine that the aperture is filled with fire, or crimson glass, or—oh! I will not say what else, the very thought makes me shudder ; but it would make a lovely study for an artist, would it not?" "Don't look, darling," exclaimed Lord Glenpean, suddenly, as he drew her back from the sight of the crimson light that for a second appeared to be shooting out towards her, casting its red shadow over her pure white face, and with an uncomfortable expression upon hiB fine honest face, he covered her eyes with his hands, until a few minutes later the golden orb of day had sunk behind a distant hill and left the ruined church in deep dark shadow once more. " What is it, Hubert 5" Bhe asked, trembling, as he uncovered her eyes, and she saw the beautiful landscape was already draped in dewy grey shadows. t l It is not much," he returned with a smile, as she again sank upon the cushioned seat, " but, although I am not superstitious, I did not wish even the ghost of ill luck to cross your path." " And is that a bad omen ?" she queried, " Tbat beautiful bit of landscape and ruined scenery lighted up BO vividly by the crimson and golden sunset ? "1 really can't believe that, Hubert," she went on, with a laugh, "and, besides, I'm not going to think that any harm can possibly reach me while I have you. I feel quite, quite safe and secure." •'Yes, I hope you are safe," he returned. ".1 hope I shall always be able to preserve you from harm or any approach to harm," and he still gazed musingly at the old Church on the island in the lake. "But tell me. Hubert," she pleaded, "what is the legend of the old ruins, and why bad luck follows those who look at it in the sunset; I'll promise not to be the least bit frightened, for I've done with fear now for always." " Well, dear," he began, " you must know that long years ago that old Church was the place of worship for all the lords of Glenpean and their retainers, and in those times there was a bridge across the narrow part of the lske for the accommodation of devout worshippers. (To be continued.J MT An unsolicited testimonial states that 7C Warts bave been thoroughly removed from the hands of a Gentleman and nil Bon by " White's Certain Cure." Numbers have been cured, and many have obtained relief from this now celebrated remedy for Corns and Warts. Prepared only by J. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price, Is. Si., of Cbemlxta and Storekeepers | per Port, Is. QTsowfcmi Id. TA~ WATEBBURT WATCH. E. S. Wigg& Son, 61m Agtnts wfc T2T QUEST'S LEMON SUGAR, for Flavouring Cakes Pies, Tarts, Puddings, Custards, and Jellies. Twice tbe strength of any Essence of Lemon sold in Au» tralia. A Sixpenny Packet of Gnesfs Lemon Sugar is equal to a one-shilling bottle of Essence. Try a packet. Rnld Chemists and Grocers; 6d. 828wscvd TSR DOCTORS GAVE HIM UP.—"IS it possible that Mr. Godfrey is up and at work, and cured by so simple a remedy ?" " I assure you it is true tbat be is entirely cured, aod with nothing but Am. Co.'e Hop Bitters, and only ten days ago his doctors gave bim up SDd said he must die." " Well a-day 1 If tl at is so I will po this minute and get some for my poor George. I know hops are good." Bead. 66mwf77 