LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. J;iiADDON. Author of ' Lady Seckiit," "IYyl- lard's Whiho," Ac., Ac. Tha Right of Translation ia Reserved. CHAPTER XXVI.— Continued. " Oh, you'd, better see it out. I vo got the rooms for the iveek, don't you know, and I shall have to pay pretty stilHv for them, and I've ordered dinner. You may just as well stav." " Make it Yorkshire ii you grudge your money, and when you come baok to town I'll square up," retorted Valentine sulkily, "I'm tired of the whole business. Your stable ha3 never brought me luck. Good night 1" It was only half-past 5 o'clock ; the sun was high still, but sloping westward, and carriages and foot people were moving out of the great green valley in vast masses of shifting lights and colors. A pretty scene ; but far from pleasant to tbo jaundiced eye of Valentine lie field. He got into a cab, drove to the hotel, bundled his things into bag and portman teau, aud had them carried to tiro adjacent station just in time for one of the specials which were taking the racing men back to London. He got into a saloon carriage, coiled himself lip in n cornerout of tho dust and glare, and presently, when the express was Hying across the country, past those broad fields where the corn was still stand ing, low hills where lights and shadows came and went iu the softening atmosphere of evening, ha fell fast asleep and slept for nearly a couple of hours, sleeping off that extra bottle of champagne which lie had drunk almost unawares in his disappointment and exasperation. It was dark when he awoke, black night outside the carriage windows, aud within ouly the dim light of the lamp, which was almost obscured by tobacco siooke. There were very lew passengers in the spacious carriage, and of those few three were asleep, sprawling in unrestrained re pose upon the morocco cushions, worn oat with open air, sun, dust and drink. Two men sat iu the angle of the carriage, in a line with Mr. llelfield's' corner, and those two were talking confidentially betweeu the lazy consumption of their cigarettes, talking in those undertones which are sometimes more distinctly audible than the biawl and babble of loud voices. " 1 tell you, my dear fellow, everybody ltuew all about it except the gentleman most concerned," said one, " and whether he didn't know, or whether he was wilfully bliDd, is an open questiou. I dou't like the man, and I should be willing to think any thing bad of him, but he's a good bred 'un, anyhow, and I suppose we ought to give him tho benefit of the doubt." ' He was never about with her," re turned the other man ; " she went every where with her sister, and we all know vrhat the sister is." " A very charming woman," said his friend with a laugh, "and a very dangerous one." She is about the cleverest woman out, I think, for without compromising herself very seriously she lias contrived to make more out of her admirers than any woman in London. She must have bled Bcucliing to the tuue of a small fortune, I fancy." " Oh, Benching is fair game," said the other man. " Xubody minds lieeching. That kind of pigeon was made to be plucked ; besides, Beeching is uncommonly careful. Nobody will ever do him any harm. He has the commercial intellect fully developed. You may depend he keeps a close account of his menus plaUsirs, his grass-widows and such like, and knows to a shilling what they cost him and will never exceed the limits of strict prudence." Mr. Belfield's attention was fully awakened by this time. He had turned himself round in his shadowy corner and was watching and listening with all his might. He knew one of the men, a member of the Badminton and the Argus, slightly; the other not ut all. " The worst story against her is the story of the diamonds," said the man whom he did not know. ' Ah, you were in India when it hap pened and knew all about it, I suppose," replied the other. " It was a rather ugly story, I believe, but I never bear the de tails." " I was in Baddeley's regiment when she came to India with him," said tbe other. " She had not been married six months, and was about the loveliest woman I ever saw in my life. As handsome as Mrs. Bclficld is now, that splendid Irish beauty, which is unsurpassable while it lasts, great grey eyes with black lashes, n com plexion of lilies aud carnations, form nnd color alike lovely an: I luxuriant, a woman who makes every cad in the streets stop ull agape to look at her. She startled us at our hill station, I can tell you, and the Bad- deley madness raged there all that season like hydrophobia. One of our men, a poor little lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Bromp- ton's son, took' the disease very badly. What was sport for us wins death vo him. " He fell madly in love with his major's wife, and hung about her and followed her about in a distracted, despairing way that would have been laughable had it not verged upon tbe tragic." " Did she encourage him ?" " Of course she did. He was a swell and he had lots of money. She nick- named him Baby, talked of him as 'a nieo boy,' ana before long he was known everywhere as Mrs. Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at him. We went to Calcutta later on, anil there were balls and all sorts of high jinks going on. and Mrs. Baddeley was tho belle of the place, and everybody, from the Governor- General downwards, was avowedly in love with her. Poor young Stroud hung on to her and was savage with every man she spnke to. One night, at the Governor-General's ball, she came out in a blaze ot diamonds. One of us chaffed the Major about his wife's jewellery ; but lie took it as easily as possible. She had hired them from Facet, the great Calcutta jewel ler, he told us. ' I suppose I shall have to pay pretty stiffly for the use of them,' he said ; ' but if she likes to cut a dash in borrowed plumes I can't complain. It'll be a deuced long time, I'm afraid, before she'll bo able to show a diamond necklace of her own.' " The speaker stopped to light a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily drop ping out hi3 sentences between puffs of tobacco. "Baddeley is a big, good-natured, self- indulgent ass, but I don't know that he's anything more than that. We all laughed at his story of the hired diamonds, and six months afterwards, when young Stroud broke for six and twenty thousand, mo3t of it money borrowed from Calcutta Jews, we all knew that Mrs. Baddeley's diamonds counted for something and Mrs. Baddeley's little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements. We were all very sorry for him. Brompton was said to be b martinet, and the yonng man went about Calcutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or two, while lie was trying to make terms with his creditors. Then one morning in barracks there was a great scare. Young Stroud had shot himself half an hour after morning parade! He had left two letters on his table, one addressed to his father, the other to Mrs. Baddeley." " How did the lady take it 7" " 1 suppose she was rather, sorry. She never showed herself in Calcutta after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to sec her every day, and the Major told everyone that she was laid up with low fever and that the climate was killing her. She went back to England a month or so after Stroud's death, and she carried tho. spoils of war with her and has worn them ever since." "And you think the younger sister is as bad ?" said the other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in eithei of them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern society. " I don't know about that. I believe Bhe has more heart than Mrs. Baddeley nnd that she is over head and cars . in love with St. Austell. They have been carrying on all the season, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now. ' " My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopements are out of fashion. There is nothing further from the thoughts of a modern seducer than a manage. The days of postchaisea and Italian villas are over. We love and we ride away. St. Austell is a man of the world, and a man of the time. Here we are, old chap. My trap is to meet us here." They took up their sticks, hats and over coats and left the carriage before Valentine Belfield's brain bad recovered from the shock of a sudden revelation. fTO BE CONTINUED. 