ODDS AND ENDS. At every stage of life he reaches, man finds himself but a novice. A noon motive is all thatmakes a good action ostimable and lovely. Few aro open to conviction, but the majority of men are open to persuasion. , PiULOSorHV triumphs easily over past and future evils ; but present evils triumph over philosophy. True politeness is but another name for kindness ; it is the natural influence of the kind heart. Trust not man, nor even yonr best friend, with a secret; you will never find a more faithful guardian of the trust than yourself. Hk who solicitously inquires what is said of him, will certainly hear something which will render him uneasy. Perfection does not exist ; to understand it is the triumph of human intelligence ; to desire to possess it is the most dangerous kind of mad ness. The Japanese Government paper-mill is manufacturing pocket-handkerchiefs and cloth-; ing of paper pulp containing a mixture of linen tli reads. Fear is a bad habit often formed in childhood and continued in a chronic form during life. It is to be cured olily of mainly by its opposite— courage.. With most peoplo the want of a well defined system or method is one of the chief causes of their getting behindhand with their work. A systematic method of work, combined with industry, will complete a vast amount of work in a day and finish it with ease, but, without system and application, the worker may be in a continual rush, and yet accomplish little. Bitter tonics, as quinine, should be taken half an hour before meals, ; iron oils, and acids, after eating, that they may b't digested with the food. Iodide of potassium is always given after meals; it is said then to be less liable to disorder the digestion. When a tonic is ordered to be taken, the doctor should be asked whether it is to be given before or after meals. Don't live a single hour of your life without doing exactly what i3 to be done in it, and going straight through, it from beginning to end. Work, play, study, whatever it is, take hold at once and finish it upsquurcly utid cleanly. Thai Jo the next thiny, without letting any moments drop between. .And, if you find yourself where you.have so many things pressing you that you hardly know how to begin, let me tell you a secret; take hold of the first one that comes to hand, and you will find the rest all fall into file and follow after like a company of well drilled soldiers. The Richest, Too.—The deepest gold mine in the world is in California, says . a floating item, but that's a mistake. The deepest gold mine in the world is a truo wife's loving heart. No man ever got to the bottom of it yet. The Word " Drunk.".—Apropos of our note (says the Globe.) on an authoritative definition of the word " drunk," a correspondent recalls to us the following lines as having been quoted publicly as a solution of the difficulty:— " Not drunk is he who from the floor Can rise again and still drink more ; But drunk is be who on it lies, Can neither drink nor from it rise." There is a. fable of German origin which des cribes the terrible adventures of four flies in search of a breakfast The first fixed his af fection on some tempting jam ; but the jam had been adulterated with copper, so this tly died from inflammation. The second, thus warned against luxuries, resolved only to eat bread ; but the bread was adulterated with alum, so this lly died from internal cramp. The third, in the hopes of drowning his grief for the loss of his companions, betook himself to the edge of the beer-jug ; but tho beer was adulterated with Coc.ciilux indlciui, so this tly too gave up the ghost, a victim to poison. The fourth fly, seeing the fate of his comrades, decided that life was not worth living, and proceeded to commit suicide on a paper labelled " Fly Poison." But the more he ate the better he throve; for the fly poison, like everything else, was exten sively adulterated, and succeeding generations of flies have adopted it as their only safe food. 