PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, FRIDAY, December 16. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 3 o'clock. PAPERS I jar Roberts laid on the table copies of correspondence and other papers relating to the Guichen machine for electric lighting purchased by the Electric Telegraph Department 5 Mr SutheR-AVd laid on the table returns showing the I appointments made in the Railway Department since January 1, 1887, and the tonnage of goods and live stock carried by rail to and from Nunabii copies of papers relating: to the free carriage on the railway s of children attending schools, and in connection with the cancelled contracts of Messrs Leonard and Bathgate, and notifica- tion of the resumption of certain land in the parish of Field of Mars required for the extension of the Parramatta Gaol 'RAILWAY COMMUNICATION WITH QUEENSLAND Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr Leo said the Government offered nearly a month ago to fall in with any arrangements which the Queensland Government might suggest for the transfer of passengers at Wallangarra A district engineer of the Works Department, well known in Burnie, was sent there to make final arrangements, by- the department there refused to have anything to do with him because he was not properly accredited He was immediately properly accredited by himself, and how he had got on now he did not know PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS Mr LEE drew attention to the circumstance that a question which he had asked in the House the previous day it had been attributed in the Metal- to Mr See If Mr ALLEN said an interjection in Mr M'Millan's speech, " They can go if they don't like it," referring to S _e reduction of salaries of the clerks of petty sessions, was made by Mr Kelly, and not by himself, as reported Mr CAMERON, as a matter of privilege, wished to draw attention to a paragraph which appeared in that morning's in aid reflecting upon him Hon. members would remember the painful scene which took place last night between the hon. member for the Upper Hunter and the Minister for Public Instruction, and the paragraph reflected upon his conduct in the matter It enid, " The Chairman, Mr Cameron, appeared Very slow" (ho lad the accusation made against him that he was very quick) 1 to recognise the extent of the disorder of which the member for the Upper Hunter was guilty, and very singularly clamed Mr Inglis us being chiefly responsible for what had taken place " He did not blame the hon gentleman for anything of the sort what he did was to ask him to apologize for having enter quoted at a wrong time (Opposition cheers ) Then the paragraph went on to say, " This made the Opposition jubilant, and, between them and the attitude of the chairman, the Minister for Public Instruction underwent a very unpleasant experience " He thought he might safely ask every member of the Opposition of the ever had any word of conversation with them with reference to this matter at all. (Opposition cheers ). This was a clear imputation that the notion of th»cburman was something which pleased the Opposition, and it almost conveyed the impression that there was collusion, between him and them He gave that a most distinct denial (renew ed cheers from the Opposition), and he (himself his friends opposite would do the same (Hear, hear.) He was placed in a very awkward position, and he had tried to do his duty to the best of his ability. This paragraph carried the impression of inspiration that such on accusation should have been made against him in the performance of a duty which could have been pleasant to Bo man. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DIBBS sympathised with the Chairman of Committees in the very awkward position in which he was placed last night. As a quiet looker-on he was under the impression that the Chairman of Committees did his duty as well as he could under the circumstances, and he prof asked on behalf of the Opposi- tion, against the statement that there was any jubilation on their part at the disorderly scene. Any man in the House on either side must have been pained at such a scene, and felt the position in which the Chairman was placed. (Hear, hear He believed that the article in the House" was not supposed to be a record of the proceedings, but was intended to be a humorous account of what took place. Mr. INGLIS said what he had done was simply to ejaculate " Shame, shame," a perfectly Parliamentary expression but he was quite sure the Chairman of Committees tried to make peace, and keep order in the House. He had no feeling against the Chairman of Committees. What he thought was infinitely more reprehensible was the fashion in which some hon. members handed up inspired little S points to the hon. member for the Upper Hunter to use "? against him. | Mr. Dibbs : That is an unfair statement | to make He saw it done. He had also a complaint to î make. He was represented in one paper as sitting pale as a ghost, in his seat. All he could say was that if ghosts i were as rosy as he was last night, they must be a very rosy community. I PETITIONS. 1 Mr. H. H. Brown presented a petition from El. H. Taylor i and G. K. Kirkland, praying for leave to introduce a bill I to authorise them to six and maintain apparatus for electric I lighting in Sydney. The petition was received. Mr. Lakeman introduced a petition from John Allen, of Narrandera, in reference to his conditional purchase and pre-emptive lease. The petition was referred to the committee now sitting on the Crown Lands Purchases Validation Bill. 1 REDHEAD COAL MINE RAILWAY ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. Day moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Redhead Coal Mine Railway Act of 1883. The motion was carried, and the bill introduced and lead the first time. PATHOLOGIST TO THE PRINCE ALFRED HOSPITAL. Mr. HASSALL moved,-" That there be laid upon the "brow of this House copies of all correspondence between any officer of the University or of the Prince Alfred Hospital and Mr. W. C. Wilkinson, M.P., relative to the appointment of pathologist to the latter institution, or of physician to it, since 1st January, 1886." a The motion was agreed to. '] CLAIMS FOR DISCOVERY OF GOLD. jj Mr. DALTON moved,-" That there be laid upon the i table of this House copies of all claims, petitions, letters, 2 and papers in connection with any claims for compensation is made by William Tom, jun., and J. H. A. Lister, as the first discoverers of gold in this colony." The motion was agreed to. CONVERSION OF CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. Mr. GARRETT moved for leave to bring in a bill to I remove doubts which have arisen respecting the validity of the conversion of conditional purchases applied for under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1881 into mining conditional purchases under the 19th section of that Act. The motion was agreed to. METROPOLITAN WATER AND SEWERAGE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. Johns, the Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Act Amendment Bill was read the third time, H passed, and sent to the Legislative Council. CAPTAIN COOK'S LANDING PLACE. Mr. CARRUTHERS moved,-" 1. That, in the opinion if this House, immediate steps should be taken by the Government to secure a sufficient area as a park reserve at and adjacent to the place at Kurnell, Botany Bay, where Captain Cook first landed in Australia. 2. That the fore- going resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor." He anticipated little, if any, oppos dition to this proposition. Of course, he was well aware that some objection would be raised on the ground that the formation of the proposed park might possibly interfere with the utilisation of the locality as a site for a noxious trades' depot. But it should be home in mind that the park would only occupy a small portion of the land. The area of ground in question, he contended, should never have been allowed to pass from the possession of the Crown. (Hear, hear.) At present it belonged to Mr. Thomas Holt, whose property, the Holt Sutherland Estate, was so well-known to the public; and that gentleman, or his advisers, he felt satisfied, would be only too ready and willing to make a gratuitous dedication the site. (Hear, hear.) ? Mr. GARRETT said that he must oppose the motion on no other ground than that of expense. The Government Wally did not know what price might be demanded for the ground. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Holt, it was well known, had never been wanting in patriotism whilst he was a resident of the colony- and most likely he would again be a resident of it before long-and he (Mr. Garrett) had not the slightest doubt that he would not object to make a formal dedication of the land to the colony. (Hear, hear.) To ask the House to launch out into an expense, the limit of March at present was unknown, would be a very injudicious things indeed. (Hear, hear.) At the same time, he could assure hon. members that steps should be taken by the Government to endeavour to secure a better holding of the spot in the interests of the country, and he had no doubt that the company which hold the land-and com S lies of course had no bodies to be kicked, nor souls to be rnned-would agree to some arrangement for the voluntary dedication of the site. (Hear, hear.) Mr. R. B. SMITH thought that the motion would commend itself to every hon. member, but for the reasons which had been advanced by the Minister for Lands it would be advantageous to withdraw it. From a long, personal, and intimate acquaintance with Mr. Holt, he felt justified in saying that that gentleman would be one of the Very first to hand over the ground as a gift to the people of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that Mr. Garrett would lose no time in communicating with Mr. Holt upon the matter. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GARRETT : It shall be done. Mr. ABBOTT said that he had no objection to the pro Whitton, but he warned the Government against agreeing to similar applications for the expenditure of public money, One matter in question might so far as expense was con removal, be only a twopenny-halfpenny, but when small - matters were totalled up it would be found that they had a very material effect upon the funds of the country. Mr". STEPHEN spoke in favour of the motion. Mr. HASSALL thought it was high time that the Government put the break on. His experience of the sales of land by private people in this country was that when persons saw any sort of an opportunity for selling to the Government they thought very little indeed about patriotism, but a good deal about profit. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members could depend upon it that, no matter whether the area of the land was small or large, the country would be called upon to pay very dearly for their whistle if they purchased it. Mr WALL said that a good deal of interest and importance attached to the purchase of the historic spot in question, as it was known to be the site on which the first white man landed. He had no great feeling with re- spect to sentiment on such matters, and personally he would not give 5s. for the grave of Adam, could it be found ; but the point at issue was one of patriotism. However, he could not vote for the proposal, and he considered that it was high time that the Government asserted themselves, and opposed such applications. Mr. LEE suggested the withdrawal of the motion, and that the matter be left in the hands of the Minister for Lands. Mr. CARRUTHERS, in replying, pointed out that the total expense would not amount to more than 2300, whereas the Government had recently spent about £3000 in buying up, through the Agent-General, a lot of old tiupots, kettles, and other rubbish, of very doubtful authenticity, which were said to be relics of Captain Cook. He begged leave to withdraw the motion. The motion was withdrawn. j ROYAL COMMISSIONS AND BOARDS OF INQUIRY. Mr. WALKER moved,-" That there be laid upon the table of this House a return, showing. The title and number of Royal Commissions, Commissions, and Boards of Inquiry appointed from the 1st January, 1886, up to the present date, by the Cabinet, by Ministers, or by heads of departments. 2. The total expense attached to the carrying but of the work of each Commission and Board of Inquiry appointed within the period specified. 3. The total amount paid for services of shorthand writers in connection with each Commision and Board of Inquiry so appointed, specifying the sum paid in each case. 4. The number and name of such Commissions and Boards of In- quiry as have been attended, and the evidence, be, taken by members of the Hansard or Parliamentary Reporting Staff." Mr. GARRETT said if the hon. member would omit the two first portions of the resolution, he would consent to the remaining portions. Mr. Walker consented to the alteration being made, and the resolution as amended was agreed to. NOXIOUS TRADES. Mr. CARRUTHERS moved,-" 1. That, in the opinion of this House, legislation dealing with the noxious trades in and around Sydney is urgently required. 2. That the fore- going resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor." He said he did not intend to take up the time of the House by relating the details of all the agitations of the past with regard to the noxious trades which were carried on around Sydney. It was necessary to pass some special legislation, in order that a proper site might be provided for noxious trades. Two Commissions of Inquiry had been held, and a bill was passed to deal with it but, unfortunately, the bill was referred by the Legislative Council to a select committee, and nothing further had been done in the matter. Mr. WISE said this matter was one which had already occupied the attention of the Government, and was under consideration at the present time, and Sir Henry Parkes would as soon as possible announce to the House what the Government intended to do in the matter. Under these circumstances, he not think if was necessary for the hon. member for Canterbury to press his resolution. After some discussion the motion was withdrawn. GOVERNMENT DIAMOND DRILLS. Mr. F. SMITH, for Mr. Hurley, moved,-" That there be laid upon the table of this House, copies of all correspondence and agreements between Mr. John Henry Jliil holland, the Hon. the Secretary for Mines, the Under Secretary for Mines, and Mr. W. B. Henderson, Superintendent of Drills, and any other persons, having reference to an application for the use of a Government diamond drill. No. A., dispatched to Clarence siding some time between the 1st and 8th April, 1885." The motion was agreed to. PETITION OF GEORGE MATCHAM PITT. Mr. BOWMAN moved,-" 1. That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire into and report upon the petition presented to this House on the 16th November, 1887, from George Matcham Pitt, jun., with respect to the losses sustained by him in connection with his pastoral holdings. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Garrett, Mr. O'Connor, Mr. See, Mrs Black, Mr. Lyne, Mr.' Teece, Mr. Day, Mr. Levien, Mr. Tonkin, and the mover." The motion was agreed to. CONSTRUCTION OF LIGHT RAILWAYS. Mr. O'SULLIVAN moved,-" That, in the opinion of this House, railways, like roods, should be constructed more with a view to settle the country and drive cheap access to and from markets than for commercial profit 2 That wherever light railways wi 1 pay working expenses, they should be constructed in preference to roads 3 that the interest upon the money borrowed for the construction of railways should be provided for by a graduated tax upon the land which such railways have enhanced in value by passing through or serving " The interior portions of the colony depended for their prosperity on the access which was afforded to markets, but when we constructed railways we looked to them to furnish a return almost immediately, and the Railway Department, in order to achieve a Com mercial profit, charged such high rates for the carriage of produce and stock as to make it almost impossible for farmers and graziers to compete upon anything like equal terms with those of other colonies in the open market if they adopted in some parts of the country light and inexpensive lines of railway, such as were made in the United States, it would be a great advantage, and as roads were constructed wherever necessary-for which no payment was made by the public-it was only consistent that railways made with the same object in view should be worked at as low rates as possible He hold that we had no right to look to our railways to pay more than working expenses and that persons whose land was improved by the construction of lines should make come return to the State font (Hear, hear) This was a case in which a special tax might well be imposed, and he suggested that there should be a graduated tax of 6d upon land situated two miles on each side of the line, and on land from two to five miles back, and 2d on land from five to 10 miles back He believed the residents of certain districts would be glad to pay such taxes as these if light railways were constructed through them Mr GORMLY believed that in many parts of the colony it would be more desirable to construct light lines of railway than any other they would act as feeders to the trunk lines and as such would be a great means of increas- ing the revenue upon them Mr SU 1 HER AND said he had no objection to the first and second resolutions, as they embodied the policy of the Government With regard to the third the principle had been agreed to by him jnanA years ago, and the mode of carrying it out was embodied in the Public Works Bill now before the House The hon. member having placed his ideas before the public he would ask him to withdraw the resolution and support the bill Mr O'SULLIVAN said when he gave notice of the resolution he had no idea that the Government intended to adopt its principles He would withdraw the resolution, and support the bill The motion was then withdrawn RESUMPTION OF LAND AT BEXLEY. Mr TRAJSiK SMITH, for Mr Hurley, moved That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and p ports, to inquire into and report upon the land lately resumed by the Government for railway purposes at Bexley 2 That such committee consist of Mr Sydney Smith, Mr Thompson Air Sutherland, Air Frank Smith, Mr Wise, Mr Weinman, Mr. McElhone, and the mover " The motion was agreed to REMOVAL OF RAILWAY SHEDS FROM DUBBO TO AVLLLINGTON Mr KELLY moved,-" (1) That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and papers to inquire into and report upon the removal of the railway engine sheds from Dubbo to Wellington, and also as to cost of working the line since such removal (2) that such committee consist of Messrs i Ferguson, Sutherland, Penzer, Lyne, Fletcher, Schoy Garvan U riddell, Dalton, and the mover " The motion was agreed to IMPORT DUTIES ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS The order of the day for the resumption of the adjourned debate on the motion Of Mr Copeland respecting import duties on agricultural products was then read, the quo. tion being 1 " That, in the opinion of this House it is desirable to save encouragement to the agricultural interest similar to that now given to dam flaming through the maintenance of import duties on butter cheese, and bacon, and that such encouragement should take the form of import duties, at the following rates On grain and pulse of all kinds, not otherwise boating duties 6d per bushel, beans, peas, barley, and oats 4d per bushel, hay and chaff, 6d per cwt , flour and meal, 20s per ton, bran, pollard and sharps, 2d per bushel, potatoes 10s per ton, 2 That the foregoing resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor " The House divided with the following result - AY1 b, 13 Vaughn Dalton Garvan Barbour Goodwin Walker) -"" Day Will Dawson j Tollera Gormly O Sullivan blokes Crouch NCES, 26 Roberts AVlthors Beaver Cameron reece Martin M Millan Frank Smith Stevenson Av is D Moore Davis Burns V Parkes Haynes Ablffiil Jvcllv Garland Clarke Woodward Taylor ) Sutherland Ilavrkeii Carruthers' Garrett Wilkinson Tellers Pair For, Mr Dibbs, against Mr Inglis PHARMACEUTICAL SOCIETY INCORPORATION BILL The order of the day for the resumption of the adjourned debate on the motion of Mr Carruthers for the second ending of the Pharmaceutical Society of New South Wales Incorporation Bill was then read and the House divided, with the result that the motion for the second reading was negatived by 19 to 12 LEICHHARDT COUNCIL-CHAMBERS MORTGAGE BILL " Mr. FRANK SMITH moved the second reading of the Leichhardt Council chambers (Mortgage) Bill (as agreed to a select committee The motion is as agreed- to, and the bill was read the second time, and passed through committee without amendment , NORTH SHORE TRAMWAY BILL The House then went into committee for the further consideration of the North Shore, Manly, and Pittwater Tram- way and Railway Bill The bill was passed through committee, and reported with amendments, and the report was adopted MR ADDISON, S M The adjourned debate, on the motion of Mr O'Sullivan, " 1 That a select committee, with power to send for persons and papers, be appointed to inquire into and report upon certain charges of misconduct alleged against Mr Addison, stipendiary magistrate, by a meeting of licensed cabmen and dru ors 2 That such committee consist of Mr William Clarke, Mr Gibbes, Mr Frank Farnell, Mr. Hawken, Mr Allen, Mr Kelly, Mr Melville, Mr Gale, Mr Chanter, and the mover," was resumed. Mr CLARKE said the hon. member for Queanbeyan had made out a very weak case in connection with this matter. The case brought forward by the hon. member had been fully inquired into, and the charges had been found to be of a most frivolous character indeed, and he would ask hon. members not to put the country to the expense, or to waste the time of the House by appointing a select committee to deal with it. Mr GARRARD said he should oppose the motion, and he hoped it would be rejected by the House The stipendiary magistrates in the city had been very successful in carrying out their duties, considering the number and variety of cases they had to deal with the magistrate against whom this change had been made Mr Addison was one of the most successful mag strates they had Mr KELLY said committees had been appointed to deal with matters of far less importance than the question before them was Mr FRANK SMITH contended that to appoint a select committee in the present instance would be to cast an aspersion upon the Minister for Justice Mr ABIGAIL pointed out that the charge against Mr Addison had been fully inquired into and was found to be groundless He believed Mr Addison to be a conscientious man, and he was selected for the position he held because he had for a number of years discharged the duties of magistrate in different parts of the country in a very satisfactory manner Mr CARRUTHERS said he should oppose the motion. Mr O'SULLIVAN briefly replied The motion was negatived on division by 27 to 6 VICTORIAN COAL-MINING COMPANY'S EXTENSION BILL. Mr BARBOUR moved the second reading of the Victorian Coal-mining Company's Extension Bill. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read the second time, and passed through committee without amendment LAND AND PROPERTY TAXES 1 Mr Speaker reported the receipt of a message from the Governor, recommending the expediency of making provision to meet the necessary expenses connected with a bill for imposing a tax on land, and also a message recommend- ing that provision be made for meeting the expenses in connection with a bill for imposing a tax on certain forms of personal property The message? were referred to the Committee of Ways and Means WAYS AND MEANS FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The House went into Committee of Ways and Means, and the debate on the Treasurer's financial statement was resumed. Mr. GORMLY, in resuming the debate expressed regret that things should have been allowed to fall into their present condition, and that the Government had seen fit to withdraw certain taxes whilst the treasury was so empty as it was at present He contended that if the Governmental promise of introducing a Land Bill last session had been carried out, that measure would have been dealt with in a couple of weeks at the outside All the valuable reserves were held by the pastoral lessees at a nominal rental He complained of the great difference which was made between the rents paid by the pastoral lessee and the conditional purchaser He did not agree with the proposal of the Government to spend such a large sum of money as they intended to expend in connection with the centennial celebrations He considered that the proposal to reduce the salaries of the Civil servants was not satisfactory He did not think the scheme would meet with the approval of the House He was pleased to find that the Government intended to introduce a land tax Mr REID said he felt that he should apologise to the Committee for making any speech on this question, because there had been in the committee, as in the House for a long time past, such an intolerable amount of talk No human being could be expected to stay in the Chamber and listen to the Useless talk which had no reference to the subject under discussion, and which very often was only intended to retard business (Cheers from the Government benches ) He did not know that he was bound by any rule, or that any of his constituents would expect him to stay in the Chamber night after night listening to speeches which had no rational object, but were simply intended to prevent business being done And he was not applying those remarks to any particular Opposition, because he heard the same thing when his hon friend the leader of the Opposition was at the head of the Government What we suffered from most was the pernicious kind of government under which we lived, retarding the legislation of the country through petty discussions on roads and bridges and the like It was a disgrace to this country that whenever a financial statement was delivered, we heard speeches about sidings, trucks, and bridges He admitted that while our system of Government was what it was it was quite justifiable, and it was often the only way to bring the claims of any particular district under notice We would never have the finances of this country or the political affairs conducted in a rational, or intelligent, or Utting manner until these matters of local work and improvement were removed from the national Legislature, and relegated to the management of those whom they affected, vi? , the districts themselves, and we could not or have any sound system of finances until these matters were dealt with by the local bodies concerned No doubt some subsidy to those bodies would be necessary, but it would be fixed by Act of Parliament and would not involve any debate in the House The one measure above the Land Bill, or any amendment of the time, was a Local Government Act and he did not know any measure which was more necessary to the proper government of this country and a good state of the finances than a Local Government Act (Hear, hear ) Such a measure they were told, was now on the table, and such a measure had been on the table for the last 15 years, and it was a disgrace to this country and to this Parliament that whilst they heard such talk about local gOT ernment, and the right of the people to manage their own affairs, that it seemed impossible to bring such a measure into existence He was gild the Colonial Secretary had such a measure on the table, and if the Colonial Secretary y would si|,nnli-<o this session by bringing such a measure into force he would do more good than if he had the Customs tariff reformed a thousand times (Opposition cheers ) The Financial Statement had been consular ably discussed, and it is .fU«!..»!«,! I,, no 1 1 1 " 1 the)? ""F H lively satisfaction in any quarter of the House. He was sure the Colonial Treasurer would admit that there was a large number of members in the House who had friendly feelings towards him (the treasurer), both as a man and a treasurer There was no gentleman in the public life of this country whom he would rather see in the office of Treasurer than Mr Burns, and he (Mr Burns) was too old a public man to expect even supporters of the Government to approve of a statement of such a nature in all its details If there was one subject on which they should try to relieve themselves in Committee of the Vt hole, it was that which related to the finances of the country, because it was one in which both sides of the House had equal interest, and because on it depended a large measure of the comfort and good government of this country The Attorney-General did not seem to realise what he (Mr Reid) had said that an hon. member might be a supporter of the Government, and might consistently criticised the Government without being turned upon, He ventured, at the conclusion of the treasurer's statement, to lose no time in expressing a very strong opinion in reference to one or two features of the Statement He also said that it was a statement most satisfactory in many features, and most complete but there were some parts on which he did not express any opinion Uno matter on which he expressed a strong opinion was that the whole of the salaries of the Civil servants, as fixed by Act of Parliament, should be interfered with without any discrimination, without any attempt at inquiry, and should be arbitrarily reduced in such a way that a man receiving only £240 a year would lose almost as much as a man who got £100 or £1000 a year I Mr Wise It was never proposed to do that without inquiry ] Anything was good enough for the Civil servants but that sort of logic was not good enough for him (Opposition cheers) They had Estimates on the table cutting down the salaries of the Civil servants, and the House was in the position that it could not add one sixpence to them, and Act they had this wrote bed statement from the Attorney-General This was the kind of talk they received from gentlemen who got £1000 a year, and which was not to be reduced (Applause from the Opposition ) if the finances of the country were in such a w i o'ched state that they had to reduce the salaries of the Civil servants, they had arrived safely at the time when Ministers of the Crown might put their hands in their pockets and take something out of them (Cheers from the Opposition ) It was time that the increment added to the Speaker's, and even the J.udge b salaries should be looked at (' Hear, hear," Lorn the Opposition ) The one class to be submitted to retrenchment were the men who could not fight for themselves, who could not whisper resistance He could not understand that sort of way of raising the wind it was very convenient to take money from the only class that dared not agitate (Hear, hear, from the Opposition ) He did not disparage the proposal to have an inquiry, but he did not want the salaries reduced first and the inquiry to come afterwards He considered it was almost time to ob- ser we the manner in which the Attorney - G encrai addressed himself to the House (Hear, hear from the Opposition ). He reminded him of an Indian wars and who, finding all his enemies scalped, rushed to scalp his friends (Laughter ) The Attorney-General said that he (Mr Reid) spoke of the proposal of the Civil servants salaries without even waiting for a return, and styled him the ardent advocate of the Civil Service interest He considered that an offensive remark The Attorney-General would consider it offensive if he (Mr Reid) said that that hon. gentleman was here as an ardent advocate of the system by which Attorney Generals could get briefs for themselves [Mr Wise I should take it as a great compliment 1 What he was determined to do was to denounce the unjust proposal brought before the committee. He was eager to defend the Civil servants, who could not defend themselves, from having their salaries cut down without any discrimination. The Attorney-General said that the increases were given to the Civil servants because 4 per cent. was to be taken from them towards a superannuation fund That 4 per cent was taken for that purpose, but there was no foundation whatever for the statement that the increases were given for this reason Those were given because for many years past the incre- ments given to the Civil servants had to be submitted to the House and the time was taken up for hours in discussing the matter and the Civil Service Act was passed so that the Civil servants would get justice And now that those unfortunate gentlemen thought themselves because they were to be thrown back to their 1881 to the salaries which they might have had in 1871 Ç" Hear, hear " from the Oppo- ation ) Supposing an inquiry were held and it was recommended that a particular officer receiving £200 should get £240, would they give him the money ? He denied having stated that they were tinkering with the tariff when they ought to give it a thorough revision , he simply stated that they were trying to tinker with it, and he repeated the assertion (Hear, hear ) How a Government which desired to despatch its business could reconcile with any idea of common-sense the wretched tariff war which was before Parliament-the wretched warfare between free trade and protection-was beyond all understanding (Hear, hear) The House ought to be getting sick of that sort of talk (Hear, hear) It was simply absurd and trifling with public business. He ridiculed the attempt to reduce the tariff, for instance, on hams, cheese bacon, and butter, while kerosene, etc, and other necessities of life were largely taxed Many of the Treasurer's proposals he heartily disagreed with, but he declined to re-discuss them lie Government, he pointed out had no need nor desire to make capital out of free trade, and certainly they had no need to keep living on the name of it any longer (Hear, hear ) To interfere with the tariff again just new was not business-like and would be unwarrantable, in fact he did not believe that they would enter there with it Ardent freetrader as he was, he had always seen a distinction between removing duties which had been in force for a considerable time, until people had bought and sold pr portions and originated industries under them, and the prevention of the imposition of fresh duties [Mr Wise Hear, hear J He would be no party to any sudden interference with a Customs tariff under which people had bought and sold and built up such industries [Mr Mei a half You are coming round to our side nicely] Well, whether protection was over established in this country or not, they would never find him being a party to bringing it about (Hear, hear ) With respect to the Estimates and the deficiency, he did not blame the Treasurer so much, and he suggested that it would be better for the heads of the departments to give their own estimates, which were far more worthy of acceptance than official Treasury estimates as a rule Mr GARRETT said he had risen simply to make a few remarks in reply to what had been said with regard to the proposed reduction of the salaries of the Civil servants With regard to the question of increments, he scarcely ever remembered an instance where there had been more misconception and misrepresentation made than there had been made upon this subject. The increments about which so much had been said came into existence in 1884 not at a time when the salaries of Civil servants had been re- duced because in the previous year, 1883 the salaries were largely increased all round This would be soon from the fact that in 1882 the salaries amounted to £5,713,000, and in 1883 to £6,720,000 The increase was not put on as an adjustment of the reward for increased labour or responsibility, but to enable Civil servants to pay their contributions to the Superannuation Fund and thus relieve the State from the necessity of providing pensions Hon members must also remember that the increment was an entirely unearned increment Mr DIBBS What about the increase in the salary of the son of the hon member for Parramatta ? Mr GARRETT said he hoped the hon member would allow him to proceed without attempting to divert his attention the increment was an unearned increment, and belonged to the people. It was admitted by even one now that the Civil Service Act should be abolished Parliament had condemned the principle, and it was now proposed to reconstitute the superannuation fund in such a way that the contributions towards it would be voluntary There had been a large number of men appointed since the increments had been put on, and they had received no increment There had also been a large number who had had their increment knocked off in the Department of Lands alone very large reductions had been made in the head office, and from the salaries of officers scattered all over the country in re tronehing they would have to place a value upon the work done by an officer A man had no right to be returned in the public service at a.. certain rate of pay unless he earned that pay, and they were not bound to employ a man longer than they wanted him With regard to what had been done by the Govornment in the way of retrenchment he might point out that in the Department of Lands there had been an absolute reduction of £2,000 and some 200 persons had been turned out of the service, He considered that it was a good job for the t Mayor that the majority of the constituencies were not influenced by the Civil servants Mr M'MILLAN contended that the hon member was not in order in imputing motives to any hon. member as to electioneering tactics in respect to his vote of speech in the House Mr CAMERON said the hon. member would not be in order in imputing motives Mr GARRETT said he was not making a direct personal application with regard to any hon member, but he considered it was a good job for the taxpayers that the majority of the constituencies were not permeated with the influence of the Civil service to an appreciable extent He did not intend to occupy the attention of hon members longer If the present Government left office to- morrow they would leave behind them their mark in the reduction of the public expenditure They had reduced the expenditure in Balance much more than 100,000 a year. The taxpayers of the country would appreciate that He was confident that, I was whatever else might be said about the Government, it could not be Bald honestly and truthfully that they had not faced this duty of retrenchment, and had not Dorformod it in an active way, and much to the relief of the taxpayers of the country Mr MELVILLE said it would be for the country team work the spectacle of that night They had heard the dis- claimed of gentlemen that they would do something with regard to the present Government, but for the fact that the doing of that w outdoing into office certain gentlemen who had been hooted and jeered at because of the principles they advocated Attention was called on four different occasions to the absence of a quorum, and the fourth time the matter was reported to the Speaker, and a quorum was formed Mr MELVILLE continued his remarks, and pointed out that the Opposition were not seeking after power or office, but were anxious to see the financial affairs of the country conducted in a proper manner How was it, he asked, that they never heard the voice of the Minister for Justice who was well known to be a financier r" The fact was that he knew that his colleagues and particularly the Iioasuior-woro bungling the finances, and that month after month everything had been going to the bud He asked the Colonial Secretary now, it being 11 o'clock, to consent to an adjournment of the debate, as he himself wished to speak at much greater length, and several other hon members also desired to speak Sir HENRY PARKES consented to the adjournment, and the Chairman left the chair, and progress was reported ADJOURNMENT On the motion of Sir HENRY PARKES, the House adjourned, at 6 minutes past 11 p m., until 3 p m on T Tuesday. 