CuRous CASE OF CATALEPSY.-The sleep ing Frenchman at the hotel in Soho, says the Daily News, is a far more genuine sensation than any of the fasting Italians who have lately exhibited their talent in going without their dinners, at so much a head. He too, in a sense, sleeps for money, but not for money taken at the doors. He has lost £82, how it is not exactly known, but apparently by foul play, and the anguish of it has brought on an old and well- known nervous affection of which one of the symp toms is a profound sleep. Chauffat, for that is his name, has been in a kind of trance for nine days, and he may continue in it for weeks to come. It is not, even in semblance, a sleep of death, for the breath ing is regular; but, at first, the occasional mutterings showed that it was, with slight exceptions, one long dream of mental pain. He muttered about £32, about a cabman who robbed him, and whose number he knew ; about a lady who was kind; about his determination to commit suicide if he did not get his money back. The doctors do what they like with him. They lift his arm, and it remains quite stiff, in any position in which it is placed ; they make it fall limp on the bed by gently stroking it with the hand. They use their power over him chiefly in administering nourishment; but, for this purpose, he has to be wakened by a beam of light of intense brilliance directed upon his closed eyes. The eyes then open with a glassy stare, the patient leaves off muttering, takes his milk or beef tea, then instantly falls asleep again, and perhaps resumes his soliloquy about the lady, and the cabman, and the £82. One name is one his lips, and it explains a good deal; it is the name of Dr. Charcot, the famous Parisian professor, who, with Dr. Braid, has told us so much about the science of neurypnology, or nerve sleep. Dr. Charcot has been communicated with, and has apparently recognised Chauffat as one of the many cataleptic patients whose affliction has been the study of his life. DEATh IN ThRE PIE.-With reference to a recent poisoning case at Auckland, where some people, after partaking of a pie made of potted meat, were shortly after seized with sudden illness and all the symptoms of poisoning, the attention of the public has been drawn to a source of danger to health and even life of which many have hitherto been ignorant. If a meat pie of any des cription is made with a thick cruist over it, and care is not taken to make holes through the crust before it is baked, the poisonous gases which are generated in the process of baking are confined, and the meat and gravy become impregnated with them. Dr. Wilkin, writing to the New Zealand Herald, says that several cases of this kind have come under his notice, choleraio symptoms having resulted from eating meat pies, and it invariably turned out that no proper vent had been made in the crust of the pie. It makes us shudder almost to think how the life of each one of us depends upon the due and proper perforation of our pie-crusts; and what a mighty engine of destruction is here placed in the hands of our cooks I Hitherto, pie.crust has been suggestive only of indigestion, but now it acquires new horrors. It may rob us not only of our rest but of our lives. Henceforth a crucial question in the hiring of a new cook will be, "do you make holes in your pie-crnst ?" and it should be the duty of all heads of families to reject any applicant who cannot answer in the affirmative.-Eoho. In many parts of France heavy machinery is run by artesian well power. The deeper the well the greater the pressure. A well at Grenelle has a pressure of 60 lb. to the square inch, and the water is so hot that it is used for heating the hospitals in the vicinity. WeVns a person writes a poem to kill time, he may be pretty euro that time will have iti revenge and kill the poem. ANe Emeralder, on admiring a beautiful cemetery, observed that he considered it a healthy plaeo to be buried in. 'tInn tin of the stockbroker are of corn mission-notomission. No casoe is known in which he was guilty of the omission of his commission. AN old bachelor says, "It in all nonsense to pretend that love is blind. I never know a man In love that didnot see ten times as much in hissweetheart an I could." Mnas. M. is a practical woman, with no non sense about her. When Mr. M., in an affectionate way the other day, exclaimed, "My dear, how can I ever leave you?" elt coolly replied," Leave me in as com-. fortable circumstances as youn can. "CAr'TAIN," said a cheeky youth, "is there any danger of disturbing the magnetic currents If I examine the compass too closely ?" And tbhe stern mariner, loving his little joke, promptly responded : t"No, elr; brass has no effect whatever on them," A YoUnG gentleman was passing an examina tion in physics. He was asked; " What .planets were knownt to the ancients?" "Well, air," he responded, " there were Venus and Jupiter, and"-after a pause "I think the Earth; but I am not quite certain." Tae acrobats of every household-The pitcher and tumbler. DIFFICULT punctuation-- Ptting a stop to a gossip's tongue. NonaeoY ever thought it necessary to urge a pawnbroker to take more interest in his buslness. HnaiEnrAlN (after surveying attentively tourist's bicycle): "Arrab, now, na' sure that little wheel will niver hapa up math th' big wan, at all, at all!" "You see, my friends," said the scientific lecturer, "that 2 and 2 always make 4 and nothing else." "Oh yes, they do," cried an auditor; " they sometimes make 22." "A noon by any other name would smell an tweet." Therefore we presume the rose of Jericho Is Just as fragrant when you call it anoastativa lieroeln tina, but It I difficult to believe it. "TELL your mistress that 1 have torn the coverlet," said a gentleman to a facetious domestic of his lodging house. *"Very well," replied the chamber mald, "mistress will put it down as rent." A ro.trous and unloving husband rebuked his wife for stealing behind him as he came home one evening and affectionately kissing him. "Oh," she retorted ; ." excuseo me. I didno't know it was you. A CLEAN record-The laundry bill. A TWO- raiT rule-Walk without wobbling. LANGUAGE of the flowers-You be blowed. How quickly a limb of the law branches out. How to get a good wife-Takel a good girl and go to the parson. A Scovcea preacher, who found his congrega tion going to sleep one Sunday before he had fairl. begun, suddenly stopped and exclaimed, " Brethren, it' see fair. Walt tillI get slang, and then, If I am i0e worth listening to, gang to sleep : but dinna gang before I get commenced. Gtle a mon a chance." DUINGt the lieign of Terror the mob got hold of the Abbe Mansry, and resolved tos eacrifice him. "To the lamppost with him!" was the utniversal cry. Tihe abbe was in a bad fCx with a mob for his judges-the tendor mercies of a mob ! With the utmost coolness the abb6 said to those who were dragging him along, "Well, if you hang me to the lamppost, will you see any clearer for it?" This bright sally tickled his executioners and saved his life. DuRING her Majesty's sojourn in the vicinity of Loch Vermachar, some years ago, the Princess Louise had occasion to drive into Callander to match somei velvet. She procured it at the shop of a draper in the place, baton rising to leave was annoyed to find she had not her purse with her, and, begging the draper's pardon, told him sheo would send him the money next day. "Dinna fash yersel', mem," said the imperturbable tradesman, " Yer mither has an account here." ONLY JOKING. She led him on with smiles and wiles Till hand and heart ho offered, And then she thought she'd rather not Accept the treasure proffered. UNo, no," sithe sighed, "I'll be no bride, My love is not entangled; Ent till life's eve I'll deeply grieve O'er your heart torn and mangled? "Hold on, fair maid," the lover sald, His voleo emotion choking; uDon't feel so blue, I swear to you That I was only joking." Soos officers of a British ship were dining with a mandarinat Canton. One of the guests wished for a second helping of a savourystew, which he thought was some sort of duck. Not knowinga word of Chinese, he held his plate to the host saying, with smiling ap. proval: "Quack, quack, quack!" His countenance fell when the host, pointing to the dish, responded "Bow, wow, wow ! " IT is recorded, on excellent authority, that not long after the commercial crashes of 1873-75 a lady said to a little girl (one of those "little pitchers" which proverbially have long ears), who was drawing her doll in a smart dolls carriage: "And what Is your dolly's name?" "Mrs. Tomkins." "And how is iMrs. Tom ins ?" " Not very well to-day." "Why, how's that ?" " Well, you see, she has had a good deal of anxiety of late-Mr. Tomkins has failed." " Oh dear, that is very sad," rejoined the visitor, much amused. " But I see that, at all events, she still has her carriage." "Oh yes : he pays a shiilipg in the pound and goes on again." T?in following story is told of Bensloy, the acetor. The spirits who alarm Rlichard III. in his tent were wont to appear up a trap en buste. Bensley, having been playingHenry 1I., was waiting impatiently to dis play his upper half na his own ghost, and, having been invited to sup with some convivial friends after the performance, had divested himself of half of his cos tumetonave timeus. Presentlyheappeared underthe etage,his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower In a tight pair of smart new nankeen panta loons. He placed himself upon the platform, cautioning the carpenter atthewinch not to raise him too high, and, the cue being given, up ho went. Close by atooed a mis chievous low comedian, who had been laughiag at Densloy's odd appearance, and the spirit of fun being too strong for him, he suddenly gave the winch a few rapid turns, ran King Henry up the level of the stage, and jerked him forward full into the night of the audience. The roar of laughter which arosewas tremendous. Even the conscience-smitten terrified tyrant in the tent at the eight of the old Lancastrian monarheb in a costume bo longing to two such different periods sat up end roared with the rest. SAID the teacher of the third division in the Intermediate school, "You cannot add together units which are not of the same class or degree. For instance, you cannot add together four apples and six peaches, for the result would be neither ten apples nor ten peaches. Nor can you add together three horses and two men, for the result would still be the same number of each, and not five horses or five men." " Well," said the smart boy of the class, who, somchow, in spite of his shrewd. ness, generally got nothing but low marks, " you can add together one hundred horses and one hundred men, any. how." "Ah, can you indeed?" respondod the teacher sarcastically. " Will you, then, tell us the result of such an effort?" "It will bs onecompany of cavalry," responded the smart boy, and the teacher had for once to admit that there might ho an exception to the rule. Oi the day of an eelipse, when all the inhabi tants of Paris were without doors, provided with trlo. scopes and pieces of saoked glass, an Englishmanwas seen driving furiously In a ftacre along one of the principal streets. "Where does my lord wish to go?" said thu driver. "To se the seclipse," exclaimed the Englishman, thrusting his head out of the coach windos; " only drive up as near o, possible, for I am shortt sighted." THea most practical lover has been discovered at Bristol. In one of his letters to his sweetheart he wrote: "I wish, my darliog, that yonu would not writse me such long letters. If you were to bring an action for breach of promiso against me, the lawyes weoulld copy the correspondence between us, and charge four. pence for every folio of suventy-two words. The sheter tht letters, the more we ense from the lawyers.e And yet he was not a lawyer. A ParosT, in a rich abbey in Florence, named Orulgnoll, being a fisherman's sea, cansed a net to be spread every day enths table of his apartment, to punt hin,, as he raId, in mind of bis origin. The abbot dying, this dissembled humility procured him to beschosen his successor; and the net was used no more. " Where's the net ?" said a friend to ilm ' the day afterwards, on entering his apartment. "There in no further occasion for the n0t," soid Gruignoli, "when the Cbh Is caught." " MY dear," said Mr. Jones to his wife, " you ore mighty free to calling everybody a fool. Can yen Cell me what a fool lookb like?" "Yea, I can, hut I won't," she replied ligrily. "Whynot, love?" "Because you can look In the glans and sun for yonrelf. That'a Cite way I found out." WnV are a shoemaker's plans always fruo Crated ?-tBecase his plans alwaysend in do-feet. Don'T you think the bride is Ifoolish that she never marries the best mann W nltA E thCore' a will there's a way for the lawyera to make some monoy. P LnoSoP.ERnS toll un not to believe that the rich are happy, A1t 1o1l qtol In es, cup they lean 