Fishing Excursion to Evan's Head. (Continued from our issue of 5th August.) 24th.—Another fine day, and all were up early as usual. I did not sleep well last night, my bed was too hard, as I forgot to make it before turning in. Our party began breaking up to-day, Messrs. James and Edward Fogwell left for home at 8 a.m. We were all supposed to go home to- day, but I decided on staying until evening, so that we might go out schnapper- ing, catch as many as we thought we would be able to carry home fresh, and pull up to the head of Evan's River, camp there for the night, and get home early next day. The rest agreeing, I started out at 9 a.m. along with Messrs. H. Fogwell and Matthew Patch in Mr. Dolby's punt (delivered "Janey Flatbottom" up to her owner last night), leaving Messrs. A. M'Kinnon, George Patch, and W. Dolby ashore, to strike tents pack things up, and be ready to start upon return with the flowing tide. The bar was quite smooth, a nice westerly wind blowing. We sailed over to the fishing ground and found schnapper in abundance. After fishing for some time the chief officer of "Janey Flatbottom" of yesterday, but H. Fogwell of to-day, played one of his wild freaks. Feeling cold, nothing better came into his head than to have a tug of war with a large shark, thereby endangering our lives, in the even of capsizing the punt, and to make matters worse, instead of pulling on the horizontal as usual, they went at it on the vertical principle. Three different times H. Fogwell pulled his sharkship to the surface, when it would give a wild plunge and dive straight to the bottom— the line running through H. F.'s fingers at lightning speed. At last I grasped a large knife we had on board to rip the shark with or cut the line, but the shark, as if knowing what was waiting for him on his third appearance, gave another plunge, snapped the line, and disappeared, Mr. Fogwell laughingly declaring that it warmed him nicely. We had to leave, as the shark frightened all the other fish away ; we tried other places, but could get none. We pulled in to Schnapper Rock, and spoke to two men fishing there ; but they were not catching any. Here I was nearly pitched head foremost into the sea. Just as we started for port, as I was leaning over the stern fixing the rudder, the others started pulling suddenly, pulling the punt from under me ; I slipped half out, losing the rudder, but managed to slip back, and caught the rudder again ; sharks were the only things that I would be afraid of. Mr. H. Fogwell had a very narrow escape of being served, to-day, the same as Mr. Henry Dawson was some years ago. He had hooked a schnapper, and in lifting it over the side the bait dropped off the hook, and he made a grasp at the bait as it was sinking. Mr. M. Patch sang out "a shark," and there was sure enough a large shark just making for the bait. Fogwell pulled his hand up pretty quick, and the shark glided by along the punt's side. We pulled and sailed back to Evan's River, and on entering nearly capsized. It being calm we were quite careless in entering ; it happened to be low tide, and very shallow, and just as we were crossing the bar a wave came curling in, and it , caught the punt as it broke, and turned it sideways, very nearly turning it over. We would have been sorry to lose the fish after the trouble of catching them. We arrived at camp at 3 p.m., . where we found tents pulled down and everything packed up ready for a start whenever the tide would suit. After making an onslaught on eatables, with an appetite that a sea breeze only can give, we emptied the punt, and found that we caught 86 schnapper, enough to carry home fresh. Mr. Matthew Patch caught a splendid schnapper, about 301bs weight, the largest this trip. We packed everything into the punts and waited for the tide. Messrs. M. and G. Patch left first in their own punt at 5 p.m., and Messrs. Henry Fogwell, A. M'Kinnon, W. Dolby, and self at 5.30 p.m. in Mr. Dolby's punt, and after grounding three times and going astray a little, we arrived at the head of Evan's River at 9 p.m., catching up with the Patches on the way. On landing we kindled a large fire, pitched a tent alongside of it, and emptied the punts and hauled them up on the bank. After taking a cup of tea we turned in rather tired (expecting to got a good night's rest) at 11 p.m. 25th — Fine. We were up before day break. How disappointing are the hopes of man. Last night after making every thing as comfortable as possible we turned in, and feeling tired expected to rest well. Just as we were dozing off someone hailed us from down the river, and on looking out a boat was seen coming to the wharf. It proved to be "Janey Flatbottom" ably commanded by our friend Captain Padon, who was on his way to Woodburn for supplies. He was accompanied by an old shipmate, who is shareholder with him in his golden claim at Evan's Head. All idea of sleep was given up, and I kept up a conversation for some time with them ; they would not come into the tent and lie down, but sat by the fire till daylight, and their conversation kept me from sleeping. At last I got up and sat at the fire with them and I was very interestingly enter- tained by them giving their experiences of life at sea in days gone by. Captain Padon is good company, and is always ready to converse on any subject. He had been for a long time following sea-faring life, latterly running between the Richmond River and Sydney in the timber trade, until about 10 years ago. Being then tired of sea life he took unto himself a wife and settled on land, and commenced gold-digging on the beach. He shifted across to Evan's Head about seven yearsago where he has followed gold-digging ever since. He took up a mining lease of some acres, and worked the same claim wherein our respected townsman Mr. Thomas Nolan and party some 16 years ago made a nice rise. The same ground has been worked over and over again. Captain Padon and party have, by blocking up all egress from the swamp behind the terrace, been successful in rising it two or three feet, enabling them to wash the high ridge of sand separating Golden Camp beach and Clarence beach, which they accomplished about three weeks since, making an island of Evan's Head (only at high tide.) They expected good gold under the sand hill at the neck, but whether their expectations were realised I cannot say; if not thy deserved to be for their perseverance. Along with gold-digging Captain Padon, about two years ago opened an accommoda- tion house on the north side of Evan's River where all visitors spending a few days recruiting their wasted energies by the sea shore may find accommodation. Captain Padon has just finished a new house on a much larger scale than the old one, thereby assuring still better accommodation to visi- tors. While sitting by the fire waiting for daylight, among tales of narrow escapes by sea, the Captain told one to which the attention of the Marine Board should be called, that is that there is a sunken reef unmarked on any chart, due East of the South Solitary, whereon the sea breaks in heavy weather. The way the Captain found it out was while running before a southerly gale on a trip from Sydney to the Richmond River. All of a sudden he got into broken water (it being night time) —frightful seas washing his decks for a minute or two while passing through it. Ho believes that if the vessel had got into it sideways, that nothing could have saved her from foundering. Also, that in the heavy gale that passed along the coast in the beginning of this year, while standing on Evan's Head along with another man, they noticed the sea breaking, as near as they could judge, about eight miles east of the Head. The Captain believes that some of the vessels lost between the Richmond River and Sydney were lost on these sunken reefs. There is another story that the Captain told me, of which I would like to know more (some of the old residents on the river ought to know). That in the year '66 there were three vessels wrecked down there, named the Eclipse, Lombardy, and the Sir George Gray, loaded with cattle from Gladstone, Queensland, for New Zealand, and all hands lost. There is the hull of a vessel buried in the sand about 200 yards below the Captains house ; it was visible down to the copper not long ago, but is covered with sand at present. Here the Captain's mate (or Friday, not knowing his proper name) fell asleep by the fire with his head resting on a large root. This same Mr. Friday by his appearance must have gone through a great lot of hardship in his time, having followed sea-faring life from his youth, until a few years ago. He is a man that believes in ghosts ; he declares that he had seen the form of a man fishing on the river bank some time since and on walking up to speak to him, he disappeared. Nothing could persuade him to the contrary, as he makes positively sure that he had soon a man there. And this very same night, strange to say, there was something making a noise on board the "Janey Flatbottom" at the wharf. Mr. Friday walked down twice, the first time he saw nothing, but the second time a human skeleton rose out of the punt, passed along the wharf, and in passing him stretched its bony hands out to catch him, making the hair rise on his head like the quills of a porcupine ; a person could see m the morning that his hair had not settled down to its proper level. This is what Mr. Friday had seen in imagination. The noise continuing. Captain Padon walked down, and observed a small animal like a native cat leap out of the punt and disappear in the bush. While listening to the Captain's tales, by an unusually large fire, which was illuminating the surrounding bush and the river, disturbing opossums and squirrels, and making the tall trees appear twice their real height, with Mr. Friday sleeping quietly by the fire on the bare ground, one side freezing (night being cold) the other side half roasted, some peculiar noise was from time to time attracting the Captain's attention ; I was at a loss to understand what it was for some time. At last I found out that it was a flock of wild ducks close to us on the river, it seems that the Captain often, on his way to Woodburn, gets a good shot at ducks here. Daylight, seemed to be a long time in coming. At last Mr. Yeager's whistle blow, and all hands got up. By this time the wild ducks were getting more noisy, and the captain could not stand it any longer ; he grasped his fowling- piece and walked along the river bank, leaving instructions to Mr. Friday to follow with "Janey Flatbottom" when called upon. We were all listening for some minutes before we heard the report of the gun (it was rather dark for the Captain), but such a report when it did come, it was like as if half-a-dozen guns were fired one after another as point after point sent back a report in echo. The ducks flow up those that the captain had not shot), whirled about, returned, and lighted in the same spot. Again we heard the report of the gun, when the same performance took place, the third time the report of a gun disturbed the silence of the early morning, and a shout for Mr. Friday to come on to catch the ducks. The latter manned the "Janey" and gave chase. The captain shot nine, but only caught three, the rest being only wounded dived and disappeared in all directions. Immediately afterwards Captain and Friday left us ; they walking into Woodburn, Mr. M. Patch accompanying them as far as Mr. Tristum's to inform him that we were waiting his assistance to got across to Tuckembil Creek. We prepared breakfast, and by the time we had partaken thereof and had things ready for the land journey. Mr. Tristum made his appearance with his horse and cart. He took Messrs. Patchs' punt across first, it being the lightest; we sent th eheaviest of our traps along with it. We amused ourselves while waiting Mr. Tristum's return in firing at some of the wounded ducks that were swimming about on the river; they seemed to be shot-proof, as we shot none of them. On Mr. Tristum arriving, we fixed the punt on the cart the same as on our down trip, and started for Tuckombil Creek at 10 a.m., which journey we accomplished in 15 minutes. We found the Messrs. Patch waiting on us, and after launching and loading the punts, we bid Mr. Tristum farewell and pulled down to South Wood- burn, where the Messrs. Patch waited to tow up by Mr. Fenwick's steamer. We, in Mr. Dolby's punt, pulled all the way up, mostly against wind, and tide, arriving at Mr. Fogwell's at 1.30 p.m., landed Henry Fogwell there and W.. Dolby at Dolby's, had dinner there, then pulled round via Coraki, where we intended to give fish to all our friends whom we may see about the river bank. There appeared to be no one about, it being then about 2 p.m., and it seemed as if they were all within doors, so we pulled right, home to Oakfield, where we arrived at 3 p.m., and found all well there. So ended our midwinter fishing excursion to Evan's Head of 1887. In conclusion I may say that the trip ended agreeably to all, and all hope to be able to have another such trip in the future. The fish taken consisted of 260 schnappper, two large codfish, and a large number of brean, squire, flathead, jewfish, blackfish, whiting, sharks, &c.;, &c.; JOHN M'KINNON. 