[?] !' By 0. G. FURtiEY, in All 5he Year , \- Bound, CHAPTER I. The Marquis Alain de la Trd®onilIewaB a man of liberal principles. Thedesoendant of one of the oldest houses in Franco, whose members bad intermarried viibthe Gondii and Bourbons, and had thought it no great honour to call the king their cousin, he ought to have been a Legitimist. He was — anything; Orleanies, Republican, Imperialist, Republican again, He. served every party that would give him a portfolio and a pension, in return for the ornamental use of his ancient title. He has been Minister Gf State for almost everything ; and as hvwas impartially ignorant of all the enbjects | entrusted to him, it cannot be Baid that he failed more conspicuously in one capacity I than another. Finally, he took to diplomacy, ! and was appointed Ambassador to a South 1 American State, where he distinguished him- | self greatly, being the very pink of courtesy, ! and a Fast Master in the art of evasion. It was while be was Minister of Fine Arts | that I made his acquaintance. He professed to think it his official duty to patronisa | journalism, and so lavashed a great deal of ! courtesy on R6ce Michonneaa, and somewhat i lees on me, Georges Froidevanx, his com- j pasion on the staff of the ' Journal de Toot i Is Monde.' As Everybody's Journal' was nc& unfortunately, so well supported by everybody as its proprietore could have | desired, 1 was both surprised and flattered by | the Minister's civility, tilt Michonneaa ex- ! plained the cause cf it according to his cynical views of men and their motiveB. Monsieur aeJa Trdmenille,' said he, is, | like many official domocrat?, a despot in private life. He thinks that in hie Chateau, and for twenty miles around, he should rale as supreme as his ancestors did in the middle ages. That might be possible, if he owned the laud his fathers then possessed ; but, being a gambler, and the descendant of three ; generations of gimbkrB, very little of is is i left to him ; and he hates those who have j bought any portion of his domain as heartily as if they had stolen it. My father, who was steward to the late marquis, was foolish enough to purchase some land nearly adjoin ing the Castle, and thereby incur the wrath of M. de la Tr&mouille;, who more than hinted that hs had g&fxfed; the means of acquiring an estate by cheating bis employer. By way of retort, my father closed a path that led from the Chateau to the nearest town, directly across his property. The Marquis claimed & right -cf -way, and so they raised one of those great quarrels over little matters, which often form the sole excite ment in the monotonous lives of country people. My father likes quarrelling ; hs enjoys it ; it braces his nerves. He bad dissensions not OBly with the Marquis, bat with all his neighbours, till, at last, there was no one left to fight with ; then, finally, he quarrelled with me. I left his honse, came to Paris, became a journalist, and after undergoing the requisite initiation in the art of starving, began to earn my living. Here I met the Marqnis de la Tremouille, who took me up, invited me to hiB house, made much of me — not be cause he liked me, or oared for literature, but because he bated my father, and knew me to be on bad terms with him. That is th8 real foundation of bis friendship for me ; pioture to yourself how highly I value it.' Bat you profess to care for it,' I said, You frequent the Hotel Tremouille ; you go to his official receptions ; you talk in your most brilliant style to his uninterest ing guests ; yon even echo his opinio as — expressing them better than he can him' self — in the journal. What does that mean ?' Micbonneau smiled. ' Ah, that's dif ferent,' he answered ; there are reasons, very good reasons. Are yon so dull that you cannot comprehend them ?' I did comprehend. My friend's ' reasons' were comprised in one personality — that of Charlotte de la Tremouille, the Marquis's beaut if al daughter. 4 Bane, you are mad !' I exclaimed. ' To let yourself love Mademoiselle de la Tre mouille is the height of folly. You are only laying up sorrow for yourself, and perhaps, for her also. You do hot imagine that her father woold let her marry you — a bourgeois, a Bohemian, a journalist 1' I do cot imagine it. I knew he would forbid such a thing in that grand manner which is the ociyfgood quaiifcy the ancient regime has transmitted to him; bat cot because I am all that yon say. No ; I oan pic-are him pronouncing a paternal bene diction cn'me in the same charming style ; and speaking eloquently of the des traction of caste prejudices ; the redemption of errant man through that beautiful institu- tion. the domestic hearth, and the union of rank and letters— as all exemplified in my raarriage with bis daughter — if I were rich enough. My poverty is my sole, but snffi cient demerit. For M. le Marquis ie liberal in other things than politics. He spent his own inheritance with the most reokless liberality, then showed his superiority to racial distinctions by bestowing his coronet on Suzanne Levi, whose pedigrea is doubt less longer than his own, but whose income was largely: derived from a successful gambling establishment. It was a large income, but not enongh for the Marqnis, who finally sold his claim to it for an immense sum. This, too, he has spent, and is again in debt. He has hut one possession left to sell— his daughter- and she must go to the man who can pay most for her. ' Yon are aware of ail this,' I cried, when be osuaed in his scbrtofuF charaotexisation c'i the Marquis, and yet, knowing that your pssfiion is hopeles3, you take every oppor tunity of indulging and increasing it !' What does that matter ?' he retorted, dropping his listless tone and speaking with ali the in tensity of the South from which he c huie. Does one ask oneself, when one begins to love a woman, if one has any chance of marrying ? Ion may ; I do not, I know that to be near her is happiness, to be apart from her is misery- ; I know that I would sacrifice anything, every th ng, to be loved by her again. I take rayj y while I can get it y 1 seise it the more eagerly becauae lknow it can last bnt a short time; : and £ trust the future and its chances to Providence.' , j 4 And if Mademoiselle de la Tremouille ; loves you, how will it affect her ? Is it fair to win a woman's love if yon can only j break her heart by it ? You admit that yon ; oannst marry her. Women of her station ; i and beauty are not permitted to " coiffe Saiote Catherine." The result will be that ; while her heart is yours, she will become the , wife of some man to whoai she is, at best, j indifferent.' _ j Women of her beauty and station, mon ami, are not permitted to marry for love. No one will know how indifferent she is to him better than her husband. This is not my affair, and I do not see why I should . sacrifice the little happiness I can now seoare for the sake of a personage who is still in the miste of futurity, and whom when he appears, I shall deteBt with all my heart. Do you think M. de ia Ti&nooIUe; knows of your passion for Mademoiselle Charlotte ?' I asked after a pause, giving up my useless contention, Who knows ?' answered Michoncc&u;, carelessly. Who can tell what the marqois knows? His skill in concealing his knowledge is unsurpassed, even by his skill in concealing his ignorance. If he is conscious of the love between ns — for I will admit to you that Charlotte does not forbid my affection — he does not yet think it necessary to eheok it, not haviag yet selected his daughter's bue- | band. Meanwhile I am of use to him in publishing opinions in harmony with his own— not to speak of giving him one or two I ideas on the snbjecs be is supposed to ! manage — and my affection for Mademoiselle secures my allegiance.' Do yoa think, then, th&t; he plays with his daughter's heart for his own ends?' ! Not he ! M. le Marqnis plays wit a noth ing ; he makes ue6 cf all things, his daughter included. When she can be employed to better purposes than is served by keeping a poor scribbler in his train, I shall fa a dls» missed in some unforeseen manner, the nature of which I trust entirely to M. de 1a Tfdmouille's weli known ingenuity.' Yet I think was unprepared for the disagreeable fcrm that ingenuity was to take. In the first plaoe there appeared at the Hotel Trdmonille a certain Vicomte de Bole- joly, who, it soon appeared, sought the hand of Mademoieelle Charlotte. He was as nearly a nobody as a man with a title could be, for his father had began life as Jean Joiibois, bricklayer, and did not display, either in looks or manner, any striking illustration of the dignity of labour. Bui the bricklayer had become a contractor, had. made millions, and by jadioiously transposing the syllables of his family name, had made it fit to bear with seemlinees the title his ; wealth puraha?ed for him. His son, the Vlaumte Alfred, was a very fine specimen of unmanly manhood, under-sized, insignificant, cowardly, incapable of even an amusement that made any strain on courage and | endurance ; yet he was thought to be a fitting hosband for prond Charlotte de la Trdmoniile, with the beznty she had inherited from a long line of noble ancestors enriched by tbe mother's Oriental grace, he scorned Boisjoly, and swore to E6sd (as he told me) that she would never yield to her father's commands; and it is trne that the marqnis was not able to a&nonnce; — to his creditors and others — the betrothal that was to save him from rain, as soon as he desired. (lf this were any other country than France I wonld carry her eff and make her mine,' cried Michonneaa, in passional a despair ; ' bat oar laws are made to snit tbe tyranny of each parents as M. de Ia Tre mouille, and I cannot marry her without her father's consent.' He was in a very exasperated mood, my poor R«a£, maddened with tbe thought of the woman he loved being given to a man she hated. All the cynical coolness with which he hsd intended to view the spectacle had vanished, and his anger, which was ready to display itself in irritation against anyone, made him an easy tool in the marquis's skilful hands. At this time tbe Government was belog much abused for its foreign policy, whioh some condemned as rash, and ethere as timorous. At one of M. de ia Tr£ meuiile's official receptions, Rj£ was defending this, not perhaps from cooviction, but from a wish to please his host, who pre snmably thought the policy wise and right. The marquis stood listening with a pleasant smile, as those around heard in silence, if not with conviction, Miohon&eau;'s paeeionate, and, indeed, clever arguments; but when these were finished, he turned to one of the bystanders and said : And you, M, Enault, what do yoa think of ail this ?' I thought — it might be only fancy— that a glance expressing a secret understanding passed between car host and En salt, the editor of 4 L'Avenir,' as he replied in a slow, drawling accent, whioh I knew to be enough of itself to annoy my friend : ' With all deference to M. le Marqnis, who doubtless approves the action of his col leagues, I consider the policy whioh expends millions of francs on arms which may never bd used, to be foolish and imprudent ; and I hold that everyone who expresses approval of it must be either a traitor to tbe true interests of his country, or ignorant what these are.' Monsieur,' cried R£n6/ 1 1 approve of the paliey. Enault shrugged his shoulders. Yon have already made (hat clear,' he answered. 4 1 oan only say — so much the worse for yon, and, perhaps also, so mnoh the worss for the Government.' Tcis slight on his literary eapaeity touched to the quick. He was mtensslv seasitive ; intensely ambitions. 4 Yon irenlt me 1' he exclaimed. 4 Do you take tbe tru;h as an insult?' returned she other, with a sneer. The fact was that Enault was jealous of my friend, who was rapidly advancing to the first rank of journalism ; and he was well content to quarrel with him on his own acQooot, even if be had cot obliged the Minister by doing so. To Eaaolfc's last speech there could be bat one sequel. A meeting was arranged, and they fought. The editor of 1 1/Avenir' wei coo of the best shots. the Marquis expected that Michonneaa, now become an incumbrance to him would fall, he vere no t AOtoij. £ laid aside for a sufficiently long iidm : eooble bim to m«ry M. J I Vioomte de Boi6joly. Tbe t.BoU. however w«e very diflereni. Eaaalt muee , ;Bs. oervone, excited, and unskilled in »e I use of the pistol though he was, sent a oau ' through bis opponent's heart. This aocident, however, played M. oe ia I Tremouilie'a game as well as any other ; a a I do not supoose that a man of his rank, the inheritor of mediaeval ideas on the vaoe 01 human life in creatore3 of a lower caete, ; eared much whioh mere journalist was ill lie 3 ; to suit bis convenience. For in any oaee | Michonneaa was got rid of. Duelling WEB to be severely punished in our model new | Republic ; and we had to , make haste in S smuggling the victor over the Belgian frontier, ; in order to save him from at least a long 1 term of imprisonment. _ I He still worked for the journal, and l \ wrote to him regularly ; bat I carefully ; abstained from speaking of Mademoiselle de la Tremouille, hoping that the miserable affair in whioh he had just been concerned would in some degree have effaced this foolish passion from his mind. It appeared to have done so, for Michonneaa mads no inquiry after the minister or any of his connections. Tbe dnel bad taken plaoe .in early winter. At the beginning of March it was evident th&t; it bad played its part in the schemes of the Marquis ; the betrothal of Mademoiselle Charlotte to the Vioomte de Boisjoly was announced to tbe world. The wedding was : to iske place at Easter. Meanwhile the poor ; little Vicomte might be seen everywhere in attendance on his bride and her parents, of whom he seemed to be mora or less afraid, though in other society of a more ignoble kind, he was confident and presuming enough. Mademoiselle de la Tremouille looked prouder than ever, and more beautiful also ; but the character of her beauty was changed. All the vivacity of girlhood was gone from It ; one would have said even th&t; the bloom . of youth had disappeared from her com plexion ; she looked already like a mature woman of the world: And yet her pride covered only a bitterness that well nigh approached humility, as I found on tbe occasion when I ventured to offer her my : congratulations. | She listened in sHenoe to my civil phrases, while her great dark eyes looked steadily ; into mine, as if to deoipher how mnch truth I lay beneath iny words. How she read me I ; oannot say ; but when I had finished my . commonplace remarks, and was turning ; away, she stopped me, and wiih lips that | trembled, forced herself to say a few words : | 'Understand, M. Froidevaux — for I wish | — you —to know tfce truth — that my father's i honour is involved in my marriage. He has ! entrusted the preservation of it to ms, and I must cot prove unequal to the task.' I knew tbe message was meant for another than myself, and therefore dared to answer it frankly. 'Mademoiselle,' I said, 4 1 hold that a man has no claim to possess honour who cannot keep it intact without aid from another, even bis own child. ' She flushed slightly, and I thought she sighed. 4 You are right, perhaps; but a child cannot say that to a parent, must not even think it of him.' I hesitated about forwarding this message to Michonneaa, and finally decided to snppreBs it. Boi I ermld not suppress the newspapers, which conveyed to my friend all he needed to know — that Charlotte was about to be married. True, be had foreseen this marriage, had even prophesied his own dismissal ; but it was none the less a shock, when his predictions were so speedily fulfilled. I did indeed hope that he had taken it c&lmly;, for In bis letters to me he made no mention of it ; bat I was soon to be undeceived. . I was in the Bois one day, watching the passers by languidly while J meditated an article for next week's issoe of 4L3 Journal de Tout Ie Monde,' when I saw approaching a riding party of three persons— Madam oi Belle de ia Treoaonille, accompanied by her father and her lover. They were going at a walking pace, so that I eotild observe them closely. The Marquis looked at thoee aroand and occasionally bowed to an acquaintance wiih a delicious air of profound and yet benevolent self- satisfaction; his daughter, though she held her reins loosely and gazed absently in front of her, eat haughtily upright ; while Boisjoly started nervously at every motion of his horse's head, and seemed painfully ooneciouB cf the insecurity of his position. Suddenly, when they were about half a dozen yards from me, I saw Charlotte start and turn pale. She gave her" librae hasty cut with the whip, and in a moment had passed me like a flash of lightning, while her father hastened to overtake her, and Boisjoly, whose horse had broken sympathetically into a caster, joggled unsteadily behind. Turning to the point where the change in the girl's demeanour had taken place, I saw Rdcd MlChOBBGftQ. He was standing behind a groan of people, and wss half-hidden also by a tree ; but I could see his face turned eagerly in the direotion in which the woman he loved was disappearing, and on it I read an intense yearning, mingled with a sad reproach, and yet more pitiful triumph. I harried up to him. R5e£ what are yon doing here? I exclaimed. .'It is madness to run eneh a risk!1 j Ho took no notice of tny question, though he reemed to feel some pleasure al meetinn me, and kept my hand In convulsive pre -f lire. " D it true ?' he demanded. . return3 epeakieS of?' I «ked in u1.8, t5ae.tkst she is to marry this Boisjoly, this p e ie of gilded mad ? Is he the Charlotte rie to be sacrificed? .. Ssy h8r. that is he priest "by whom the aaortficc IB performed. The vic'im la offered up to her father' pride, poverty, and selfishness. But why do yon take it m bitterly ! Yoo toeee loog ago that tfab mut be; yon ycur-elf foretold it.' Yes, but I did not, could not, fonlali h» intolerable it would be to me. JtadfcfcSj too ! She J&eemed; numbed with misery"" I she passed me; and when she oaocht I glimpse of my face, how pale ehe grew l r! 1 is a sin that she ahculd be eaorifiea ! t Jf, I see her again. I will beseeoh her to cotJ 7 I me.' to I Do not speak so loudly !' I entreat I do not attract attention ! if ?0Q ' I seen and recognised, you ksov? what J? 1 result mast be. And do not try rj® I Mademoiselle de la Tremouille. gj|J . I resigned to her fate ; the feels that dat I demands of hsr this aaorifico of herself, v I can offer her no better destiny than th! I which lies before her. Without her lathe? consent— unattainable, as you know-.,!. cannot be your wife. Leave her then to each peace as she oan find. Do not make he fate harder than it needs be,' I most see her — I will see her,' he n. peated with set teeth. Bat do not'fear ihil I will compromise you by letting anyone nJ me in your society. Take no thought of dm I most go my own way at any risk. y0n shall not see me again till the object lor which I have come to Paris is attained.1 And before I had time to reply, he had left me, and was hidden by the shifting gtoupa of loungers. Chapteb II. I did not see Michonneaa, as I had expected to do, in any of the hannts we journaliata affect, although there, among friends and fellow- workers, he would have been safe from the hands cf the law. Indeed, he ran liitfe risk if the Marqnis de la Timonille had not seen him when his daughter did ; but there was no doubt that, if the Minister had reocgnised him, he would nee any means, fur or foul, to keep him out of the way till Charlotte s marriage was accomplished, I worried myself thinking of the com plications my friend's presence might bring about at this junoiure ; and 1 ecu Id foresee nothing bnt trouble to himself, and poseihly to the unfortunate girl as well. I thick it was my discomposure that made me sc ready to indulge just then in dissipations, whioh as a role, I detested. The insoluble ccuan' dram of Michonneaa 's future troubled ae&Q; persistently, when I was not occupied with my work, that I was gUd to take refuge from it in any plaoe where I oould find noise, light and colour. I was thankful for the festival of Mi-Car«me, which came just then to break the chastened gloom of a Parisian Lent, or at least to give special excuse foe some outburst of Bohemian jollity. So, one night I went to a masked ball. I left the peaoe of the spring night, the silence in which, cut in the b&lf-bailt; sub. urb where I lived, one seemed almost to hear the trees bursting into bud and leaf through their hard and gnarled branchei, and to inhale, as in a dream of the country, the faint perfume of Borne brave violet tint had not yet fled from the approach of man, I left these to listen to the h↱ clanging of danca-mu&io;, and the still wor&e; discord ance of soulless, mirthless langhte; : for the glare of gas, so yellow aa to hide the l&ck; of freshness in the g&ady;, farciai costumes, and in the faces — not one of them bright or innocentr-lookiog, though many of them were young — which smiled, and leered, and frowned, now beneath a silken mask, and again, hidden by only the almost equally complete prelection of paint and powder and natural duplicity. I hated the Bcene— will yon believe this of a Parisian journalist ?— though I Was present at it of my own free will. Nevertheless it was, after its fashion, bright and gay enongh. I let my imagination wander with my eyes, and taking scraps of overheard conversation for a groundwork, made a history for each bright-clothed figure that passed me. Take, for example, that clowo and the columbine who leant on his arm. I felt his figure to be dimly familiar. I fancied that could I see him in eome other dress than the scarlet and white of a Pierrot, end ncdis" guised by the white paint ard vermilion triangles on his face, I should know him for an acquaintance ; but in his masquerade costume I failed to recognise him. Hie oompanion was a pretty, though bold looking girl, who wore no mask to hides face that was apparently well known to many present. Tbe two pansed for & minute in a whirling galop, and stopped to rest near the co.ner where I was standing. 4 1 suppose,' said the girl, ' that this will be ycur last dance at a Mi-Oareme bsl costame, Monsieur. By this time next year you will be a staid husband, wbo will frown at the memory of these follies of past days. Not I, ma belle. It is not written in the marriage service that a man should be tTiete for the rest of his days. To marry is a'daty to society, and one always takes such duties lightly. To be happy is a duty to oneselfi and is therefore to be strictly performed. I shall hot fail in it.' Ah! the fat are Madame la Yicomtsssfi will have a voice in deciding wherein yoat happiness shall lie.' Not mnch. Mademoieelle de la Trfr mouiile seeks neither her own happiness nor mine in becoming my wife, and will therefore, make do effort to control oy search for it after I am her husband.' The cine to the identity of the Piercol» which I had hitherto failed to catch, was given me by this last remark. It was Bois joly. So yotit Bay now,' answered his coo« panion, hastily ; bnt believe me, after Bhe is m&rried;, a woman olaims rights et® while she refuses priviliges. Your wfl« may do nothing to reconoile yon to married life ; bnt, nevertheless, she will object to your continuing tbe habits of your bachelor life, and you will have to submit to her wishes.' You are wrong, I promise yon that the event will prove is. I wii! wager a diswont brooch against the knot cf ribbons on yoor shonlder that next year at a MiCcreme ball, I shall be as ready as I am tc-nirht tc lead the cotillon with yon. Will yon take the wager?' Not unless the stakes are placed lands at once, returned the girl with a lip' augh, Dot do not let us stand efcill onger. The tnnsie gets quicker as the en® of the danee approaches. We bav# W ®r turn before it steps.' , r Sfcey whirled w»y from my sight, »w I tried to pot them from my memory also. ' In amomecS I euccsrded, for my eye fell on a figare dressed as a brigand—a Fra DUvolo with long cloak, peaked broad brimmed hat, and a mask that did more than pretend to conceal the faca below. Bat I knew the man too well not to recognise who it waB that was lounging about the ball-room, beeping, in all his wanderings, his eyes steadily fixed on the entranoe. I went op to him hastily. « Rene, I ex claimed in a troubled whisper,® why are you here ? Bo you know what a risk yon run ?' 4 Froidavsax, is it you ?' he answered, with some irritation in his tone. 1 1 thought yon were too grave to visit soch a scene. Bat since I have met yon I will ask your help, for, as you will believe, I do not wish to show myself more than is necessary. Keep near the door and watch for a tail lady in a blus domino. When she eomea, address her — she will know your voice, and she is aware that you are my friend—and bring her to ms. I shall be In the aloove at the end of the sallef ' Do you mean that Mademoiselle— — ?' 4 Hush ! do not mention her name bere. Yes, she has promised to meet me once more ; and we are safer from detection here than in the moBt deserted spot in Paris. There is no solitude like that of a crowd' I doubted this last preposition, but I had no opportunity of disputing it, for Miohonneau turned and left me, and I had no alternative hat to repair to the post he assigned to me. I removed my mask, having no reaeon of my area to fear recognition, and so simplified the task of winning the confidence of Mademoiselle de la Trdmooille when at last she appeared. I felt her hand tremble as it lay on my arm, while I led her op the room. It was not straDge that she should he afraid. It was long past midnight, and this ball was a place which women of her station are not sup posed to visit. Her parents and her betrothed believed her to be asleep in her own chamber, while she was stealing out masked and dis guised to meet a forbidden lover. Miohonneau saw ber agitation and was angered by it — everything angered him now, poor fellow 1 'Yen seem distressed, Mademoiselle,' he said, as be took her hand. Can you wonder?' she answered. % It is the height of folly in me to come here to meet you,' 1 Yet it is not the first — no, nor the tenth time, tba you have left your father's house after nightfall to keep a rendezvous with me.' 1 No, but formerly it was different. I en dangered no one bat myself, and I even wished sometimes that I could be discovered, for then my father wonld have felt com pelled to give me to you. But now ! You know how I am placed, I am within a few weeks of my marriage — a marriage which is forced upon me, yet from which I dare not wish to escape. On its taking place my father's honour and credit depend. Any chance might bring the knowledge of what I have ventured to-night to the ears of MV de Boieply. Then what could I expect but tbat he would refuse to make me his wife; as hold ing me UDfit to keep his name above scandal. And if be explained biB reasons- Ah !' She stopped abruptly, and barely sup- pressed a scream, for Boi joly, passing by the alcove, bad glanosd at its occupants , and disentangling himself from the clinging grasp of bis columbine, bad come forward and laid his hand on the bine domino's arm. ' Mademoiselle de la Tidmouille, do I see you here — you ?' he asked in a low, but farions voice. She trembled so that she qould scarcely spaak, You recognise me !' she faltered. I Yes,' he replied. 1 Yoar disguise is admirable, and sufficient for the world in general ; but the man who meant to marry you in a fortnight is, as he ought to be, able to reoogoise you under any. mask — even that of ingenue, which you have hitherto worn.' Miohonneau interposed. Whatever rela tion this lady may bear to you in future, remember that she is for the moment under my protection, and that whoever fails to address ber with respect must answer for it to me ' I I have no doubt,' eaid Boisjoly, 4 that I ehall be better able to reply to yooi demands than you will be to answer mine.' ' The means of settling all questions is easily obtained, nor need we w&Bte; much time in argument.' 1 Oh < what do you mean V cried lbs frightened girl. ( Mademoiselle, this is not a place for you,' said her betrothed, letting the question pass ; ( allow me to conduct. you to yoar carriage,' Again Michonneau interposed with his Bow characteristic needless petulance. 1 As Mademoiselle came bere. to meet me and set M. de Boiejoly, I claim the privi« lege of being her escort.' Charlotte gazed despairingly from one to the other. As the rivals bad already quite sufficient cause of quarrel to satisfy belli gerent souls, I thought I might venture to nake some attempt at calming this petty difference, and offered my services for the trivial task. Mademoiselle de la Tretnooille accepted ®y offered arm, and turned from Rdcd with out farewell. To BGiejoly she said in a trembling voice : My father ande mother know nothing of this folly of mine. If it be possible, spare them,' ?h8 Vioomte bowed. I trust to ajrrang- th;s affair in such a manner as to income mode neither y©u nor your family, In any o&86 you may be sure that X know how to respect the honour of a noble name.' ( She must have known that any possible arrangement' must involve danger to he lover, yet ehe walked away without evea a Ei-uoe at the man whom love .for her bad bpughs to euoh grevious peril. She. bad ri&ijird; ixiuoli lor Miokonneac, bat iflhe pared fcr herself after all. i! is t> as, howevrr, thai she »kedjme whimper, &3 I placed ber in one of the fiacres thas wera waiting outside, Most they .fight ' licar it cannot be prevented,' ih 1 t0 a0,> 8u® ; Beseech eui ?nr tpy sake, tp patiis peace.' «, coomty with her xequpBt toongh i knew it wnen I returned to the bau-room neither Snnls f WW to be Seen. I looked though I asked the columbine, who had been Bois- Julys partner, if she knew where he had gone, she oonld give me no information. , erro kad left ber very abruptly, very rudely ; she had no further interest in him. And she added, with a glance tbat was meant to be bewitching, As both our companions ceem to have deserted us, monsieur, shall we not console each other?' I turned away impatiehtly and left the place, troubled and irritated in mind, nothing seemed left for me bus to go home, for l knew not wfcere to seek the rival iovera, and I wholly despaired cf influencing either of them, even if I could find them. I walked along, gloomily revolving tbe possible issue of Miohonceau's mad love, until, as the night f.ded into grey, and the Spring morning dawned chill and draped in mist, the special question in my mind seemed to lose its sharpness of ontline, and blend vaguely with the cloud of sorrow and wrong, wbioh I felt to be overhanging tbe great sleeping city. I lived, as I have said, in one of the unfinished Buburba— a poor one, which would neve; he occupied by any but workmen, tradesmen of the poorer class, and an occasional struggling writer like myself. The blocks of houses, experi ments of speculative builders, loomed gaunt and speetral through the mist ; they might have been the ruins of past ages instead of the barely finished erections of yesterday, as they waited till a connecting row ot build ings should link them together. Between them lay fields — desolate fields, which the city had invaded ana taken possession of. as being convenient spots in which to cast refuse, or store the bricks and stones of future walls ; but where newly -mated birds still clung to the homes they bad built in their hereditary trees, and familiar flowers made brave efforts to bloom, in spite of the surrounding smoke and grime. These fields always struck me with a peculiar feeling of depression ; they were gloomier to me than the loneliest country lane. A brooding sadness seemed to overhang them, as if they were haunted by the prophetic ghosts of the inmates cf the dwellings that were to arise npon them. The very cry of a bird, too early disturbed in its nest, seemed to my fretfal ear to have a human sound. Was it not a human cry ? I heard it again, this time it seemed to articulate. Help me. for Heaven's sake,' I thought it eaid ; and at the same moment I saw as I strained my eyes to pierce the morning mis , a figure running towards me, doubt> less in search of help for soma injured comrade. Yet surely it was the strangest being that ever sought aid for one in danger or pain ! Is was a man draped in a long cloak, which, however, float! g behind him as he ran, displayed the piebald scarlet and white of his face and garments. It was tbe Pierrot of the masked ball — the Vioomte de Boisjoly. 'Vioomte !' I exclaimed as he approached me, and tried to oatoh him as be passed ; bat he eluded my hand and fled with a swiftness that defied pursuit. Then I burst through the eeant and tattered hedge, and hurrying onwards found what I knew muBt be lying somewhere, the body of my poor friend, R6e Miohonneau. He still lived, but the blood was pouring from a bullet wound in his lungs, and the death-dew was gathering on his brow. One band, from which the useless pistol bad dropped, was clutching in agony at the stunted grass ; I took .the other in mine, and strove to raise him and to staunch the wound. He seamed to recognise me and to feel no surprise at my appearing at that moment. ' Too late, Georges, too late,' he gasped, Then recurring -to the event of tbe previous hour — She will get home safely ?' he in quired. ' Doubtless,' I answered briefly, feeling at tbat moment a most bitter indifference to the fate of Charlotte de la Timouille. I have died for her, he went on — was it madness on my part to think I beard a certain triumph in his feeble voioe? 'It is worth doing, this — to die for love of a woman, and yet — yet — I doubt if she was worth it. Who knows ? Women are weak and selfish, even the best of them ; and she will be happier in the future if she has not loved me too wall.® His voice died away, as tbe life-blood ebbed from him. In the last few moments bis mind wandered, whether to past or future, who shall say ? For his lasi wordB, before he fell back still and lifeless, were, 1 Embrasse moi, ma m&re;,' accompanied by an outstretching cf the arms, as if he, indeed, sought to clasp in them his long- dead mother. In doe course I laid an information against the Vicomte de Boisjoly. It was laughed at. The Vioomte swore that he had gona to bed before midnight on the evening I spoke of, had never stirred till hie valet brought him his coffee at eight o'alock next morning, and had not been at a masked ball since Carnival time. Tbe valet confirmed his master's statement, and I could not Gall ; Mademoiselle de la Tr&naniile; to witness to Hie truth of mine. I knew that, had the choice lain with B6nd, he would rather a thousand times that his death should remain unavenged than that a shade of scandal should fall on her. I submitted: to circam8tnoef, and eo, un interrupted, save by sneh pacge of memory and conscience as may venture toatitaok persooageB of the ' grand roonde,' a gay weddiag took place at the Madeleine, and flowers were scattered, and opera -singers sang, and an Archbishop made Alfred de ; Boisjoly and Charlotte de la TremouiUe man and wife. And if the bride looked deadly pale beneath her wreath of flowers, and ?he . bridegroom strove vainly to . hide sullenless with smiles, the eotiefsqiion that beamed on the countenance el the Marquis Alain de la TreinouiHe was perfect and sin Gere. ! X>a you wish to bear more ? The ' Vic© rate sue do Boisjoly, after six months of the most reek!c6s gaiety, extravagant and eccentric senior Paris, suddenly retired to the country, where she has remained ever sines. Rumour eays tfcet she h&e; gone mad. Meanwhifa tbe Vicomta tpscaa most of his time Monta Cario, and ; is doing bis beet to kill himaclf with absintha. - ... Miohonneau is not wholly unavenged. 