\- Work and1 Wages. ; By Tubal-Cain-. ? Want do you think of the trade J ? ...;..- — SHAKKSl'EAllE. In communities in which employers of labour constitute the highest class, tliero is and always will bo a spirit of independent resistance among the employed. Whero the omx'-loycra are overshadowed by a clnssof landowners or a ter ritorial aristocracy, tho operative will irene-' rally side in politics with his omployer ; but ?where employers aro supremo, whatever their political creed ma}' bo, there is a strong ten dency among1, tho cmxuoycd to take the oppo site side, arising out of daily jealousies, ad verse interests, or interests supposed to bo ad verse, niid the natural influence of class on sectional habits of thought. Tho necessity for a lien law cannot be hot ter or moro forcibly illuBtratuil than by the an nouncement made by tho Cainu 1'ost to hand that tho navvies employed by the contractor for the first section of tho Cnirns-Herborton Railway havo just been- paid by the Govern ment alter many months has elapsed. It goes -without saying that much distress was caused to many families by tho circumstance of their not being paid at the end of tho fortnight after they had dono their work, and means should havo been forthcoming by tho Govorr ment to havo had tho men paid nt once when they knew that they hud to x-ay them, and had the money in hand to do so. The tailors in town aro in their vory worst periud. The winter season is over, and thoy complain that in fact there has been no season. The competition to which I alluded two weeks ago, and tho unhealthy state of tho trade caused by tho sweating system, is having the very worst effect. In one large shop in town not ono of the men had done or hud a stitch of work to do during the week on Tuesday last, and their week ended on Thursday. Tot tho jrirls and women tailors are kept in full employment. Tailors would willingly turn their attention in many cases to other scenes and conditions of labour; but all sources of mechanical employment are similarly crowded with one class of labour or another. The average wage of tho journeyman tailor for tho last six months past has not, I am told, reached 30s. per week. Not because they could not mako moro, but because thera was not work for them to do. Days are spent by them in their shops, and on their boards, without having a stitch of work to do. All tho work is being done by tho female tailors and by machines, and in many cases customers are paying first-class prices for clothes, nnder the impression that they aro tailor-made female labour, or worse machine work. There is one notable exception in ull this sort of work, I am told. I learn with regret that some strictures of mine regi.rdingtho character and qunlityof the work und material of a girder which broke in tho centre after it had been leaned on a building on the south side, prec'n-itating tho upper structure of brickwork to the ground and generally endangering lifo and properly, has been taken as an unfair reflection on the firm which had tho misfortune to cast it, because it is alleged that it happened to ho a unnll firm. No such mean consideration can ever niter into the penning of these notes. I am perfectly untrammelled, and it behoves and makes me nil the more careful in my facts, and more guarded in my remarks and strictures because I am so. Tho girder m question was defective, and I condemned it. I would have done so, no matter what shop hud turned it out. I did not even know tho name of the firm which cutt tho girder at tho time I re ferred to it; but it was X'orfectly apparent from the character of the break in tho girder that it was a manufacturers' defect. Thero aro two wnys of explaining such a defect : thut either the girder was cast at twice, or two ladles wero used, and the metal was poured in at each end of the casting, and the mould itself being do fective, tho two streams of metal carried before them to whero they met in tho centre certain portions of tho mould, with the result that tho centre oi tho girder was clay and sand, with a surface only of metal. At any rate the girder broke in two as stated. But I uudpi'stund it has been replaced by the sumo firm by a girder of very superior 'casting and quality. All young firms are liable to error, and ii the accident causes tho firm in question to be careful in future, und to do nothing but first-class work, it need not always bo a small firm, us most certainly, if it will only persevere und progress, it will not always romain a now one. They may rest assured that so far as I urn concerned they will always havo an equal show with older nnd larger firms when I havo occasion to refer to them. Iho importance which ironwork has assumed in the building trade is now very great and is duily ^vowing in proportions. The othor after noon I gavo tho most cursory glance ovor the works of Messrs. Evan, Anderson, nnd Pholnn. Beside works of greater extent, I found thom ciistiiijf pillnrs for tho new premises being erected by tho London nnd Chartered Bnnk in Queen nnd Creek streets. I have not seen tho plnns of thut important building, but tliero are to bo four east- iron columns, 34 feet long by 2 i'eet in circumference, nnd enoh weighing 7 tons. The pattern is a plain column with eorinllmm caps. The same firm aro makinjr wrought-irou box girders for the dome struoture of the new CustomB-houso, being built by Messrs. John Petrie and Sou ; tho girders aro 311 feet 0 inches in length by i feet deop und 2 feet wide, and weigh each 10 tons, and are capable, of bearingn weightof many tons. The same fiim are also casting tho eiroular girders to support: this dome, and also tho dome itself, which .will bo cast in four sections or parts, and each quarter ib 30 feet 1 inch in diameter, 2 foot 2 inches deep, and will weigh about C tons or 23 Ions in all. This firm aro now oraploying 1G0 hands ; and have at* much as thoy can do to find work for them all. Thoy havo still somo Government cohtrncts on hnnd, othnrwiBo it would be impossible for them to employ tho number sf hands they do. A few weeks ago tho question of introducing a bill for the compulsory inspection of luno boilers ocoupicd the uttention of the Trades and Labour Council,- and tho importance nnd urgency of such a measure was canvassed and discussed -with a varied expression of opinion. All wero of opinion that such u measure was highly desirable. Somo thought it was a mutter of extreme urgency, while ethers thought that it might bo of great importance, but was de cidedly not of great urgency. I remember thoro wus one argument advanced by a boilermaker for Mich a compulsory inspection whioh is worthy of attention. Tho danger and risks arising- from defeotivo boilers uro not to bo gauged by tho accidents which actually happen nnd by tho lifo actually lost. That boiler maker s remarks wero to this effect : ' That often, when a defect has been discovered in a toiler, und it is decided by tho responsiblo pur tieb to havo it repaired, tho boilennakors aro pet to work to patch it before it has actually properly cooled ; , and very naturally under such conditions tho examination for further defects is very hurriedly and Buperfioially done, _and;ia plato or plntes worn us thin as' a woll-wrn siipennyrpieoe may be in, a boiler so examined' and repaired with out iho defect' being noticed. The boiler, Under such circumstances, would bo replaced and' work resumed with evory proBpoot of an explosion ; all tho moro so if the engines are loft in ohargo of a boy, as is so of ten tho oaso, and by whose oarelcssnoss tho dangers uro in creased, often to such an extent that men aro in continual fear of an expected explosion. I havo boforo me tho returns of boilor oxplosions in England for the year 188C. Tho nurabor was 36, boing two less than tho previous year nnd two moro than the yenr beforo that ; tho number of pesons killed was 31 , and tho number injurod 70. Of these soven boilers woro ships' or boats' boilers, by which 19 persons wero killed and 20 injured; soven mines or colliories, causing threo deaths and injuring 16 persons ; fivo ironworks, causing three deaths and injuring fivo persons ; four wero tho boilers of sawing, builders, or contractors' engines, causing ono death and in juring fivo poisons ; five wero boilers used on farms, causing ono death and injuring 'one person; .four were the boilers of traction engines, injuring sovon x-orsons ; one was a boiler used in a bedding, manufactory, causing three deaths and injuring 14 persons; one was used iu a grindory' establishment, and caused ouo death and injured ono person ; one was iu a outlery jBliop, injuring one potion; and ono wus in a mineral water establishment, by which no casualty was caused. , Thoso , figures show that, wherever a boiler; is in use there is a dunger and a liability of it bursting if it is not carefully tended, examined, and repaired. That number does not inoludo IS other ox ,X-losions, resulting in 11 persons lulled and soven injured, which forms an appendix to the report from which theso particulars aro culled. Tho reason assigned for not including those in tho body of tho report is that either thoy aro slighter mishaps or ruptures of vossols not usually culled boilers; and they aro not in cluded in the animal records, for no bettor reason' than that it wus not dono in tho past, uud would therefore prevent fair comparison. Tho greatest number of explosions in tiny ono yenr wns in 1873, when there wero 78 ; aud the greatest number of persons killed by boiler ex plosions was !)3, in 1S7C ; while tho greatest number injured wns 19Siu 1874. The causes of explosion nro still moro interesting. Thoy nre classified as faults in construction or material which may be detected before starting or ufter repair, and aro : Defective stays, 3 ; bnd repair, 1 ; weakness, 1'. Faults to bo detected by periodical inspection: External corrosion, 11 ; internal corrosion, 9. Faults which could be detected by attendunfa: Short ness of water, 3 ; scale, 1 ; overpressure, 2 ; defective valves, 3 ; defective stays, 1 ; defect not ascertained, 1. The 101 persons killed or injured wero 5 ownors or tlioir sons, G managers, 13 engineers, 14 firemen, 52 work people, 2 strangers, 8 women, and 2 boys. Theso particulars are gleaned from a table prepared by Mr. E. B. Marten, chief engineer of the Midland Steam Boilor Inspection and Assur ance Company, who gives a tabulated return for the years from 1873 to 1886, inclusive. With such a record of fatality boforo us it is hoped that liko calamities may bo averted by careful supervision by attendants until oom pulsory inspection is enforced. I nm glad to be put right by Mr. Michael Comvuy, C.P., Q.E.L.P.S., although in: referring buck to my pnragraph I f au to soo anything to correct ; or wherein, the worthy chief president corrected my statements in his rejoinder. I nm pleased, howover, to be as sured, that the Queensland European Labour Protective Society docs not mean to tako a back seat among trade societies. Moro power to thtm. In referring t - the unfortuniite_ matter of their accounts, I did not mean to twit them with a misfortune over which the present office-bearers had no control, and with which they had nothing to do. It wns a calamity greatly to be regretted, and the members, whose trust whs so seriously outraged, aro to be deeply sympathised with, jvly information as to numbers comes from a reliable source, nnd I believo I could toll to within half a dozen how many members were on the roll last week. It is quite truo that in thepast the socioty has always been one of tho foremost in furthering tmde business, both by word und deed ; but, as tho chief president a'dmits, they wero bossed in tho TlllRt hv **nnfclors. T71 Hnpakinfr nf tliA Q.E.L.i'.S., of course X could omy speak of tho Brisbane Bocioty, whose rules aro now bo fore me, and which are endorsed Lodge No. 1, andin looking at tho name and constitution of the union I find that it is a nociety established at Brisbane and culled ''The Queensland Euro pean Lnbcurers' Protective Society,' so thut Mr. Conwuy can scarcely be correct in saying ' Our strength is not in Queensland, it is all over tho southern colonies'; although I am quite awnro thnt this society has always taken concerted action with kindred socioties iu the southern colonies -with whom they are virtually nmulgamnted. It affords ino sincere satisfac tion to know thnt they are in a position to puy all their debts twice over, and havo a substan tial bunking account, and I havo no doubt that the society will soon be as strong- as it ever ?was ; but is it true trades' unionism to fall out of a society becauso trade is dull? But my space is far too valuable to permit quibbling-. My rcmnrks about the action of tho Govern ment with regard to tho specifications for Phil lips's steel mils has elicited tho somewhat im portant fact thut the Government, or rather I suppose the Rnilwny Department, havo boon influerced in the matter by tho representations of a number of small working firms who could not tender for tho supply of muterinls and who nro yet prepared to tender for tho labour; — firms who UiO practically prepared to act us foremen of Government works in their own shops ; or who, if thoy make moro than foro men's wages, it must be by reducing tho men's wages, for they have not the ghost of u show in tendering ugniust established firms, unless by X-roposing to do the work at ridiculously low prices — prices at which they can neither pay themselves uor their workmen. Tho larger and established firms are quite determined to tender only f^r the wholo job, uud to supjily their own material. 