GENERAL NEWS. A man in Brooklyn, named Henry Chet field, bas died through swallowing an orange eeed, which lodged in an intestine and caused ulceration. Henry Richner, of Vail, Iowa, u a fine, strapping young fellow. He is 22 yean aid, 7 ft. 4£ in. in his stockiujre, and weighs 270 lb. He is as straight as an Indian, and as graceful in his movement as any man of the average size, and is the best proportioned big man in the United States. His shoul ders are square and broad. The following agariau outrage is reported by the Press Association from Kill&rnev;, Ireland : — Mr. Morogh Bernard, J.P., and his wife were driving one morning from hia mother's residence at Fleck, near Killarnej, to hie place at Faha, five miles away, when as they were nearing home, several shots were fired at their car, one shot striking the horse. Mr. Bernard is a popular landlord, but hie wife recently identified one or two persons charged with attacking their house at Faha. Mr. L. Kaufman, from Australia, was recently at San Antonio, Texas, where he was interviewed liy the Texas Stockman and Farmer, which said : — He thinks Australia a better sheep country than either Texas or Mexico, but says that he has no doubt that under the pasture system this country would show much better results, especially if the lands were lightly stocked till the grass should have an opportunity to get ahead. In Australia the pasture system prevails entirely, and upon the best lands. Mr. Kaufman's statement that as many as seven or eight sheep are supported from a single acre, and that without eoiling, seems almost incredible to a Texan; though on the Government leased lands, in the northern part of the country, he says that often three or four acres are required to the eheep. He says that it was in that region that the great loss of sheep occurred that ire nave heard so much about. He de clares that improvement is the great idea in Australia, and that among the 'station' (ranch) owners there is much rivalry in this direction. Though the long wools — Lincolns, &c.; — are extensively raised, the great bulk of the sheep of Australia are Merinoes, and of these there are two classeB, a long- bodied sheep with long, open fleece of light wool, and a smaller sheep with a denser, heavier fleece and shorter staple. Mr. Kaufman regards the latter aB the most profitable eheep, and thinks there is so doubt that breeders of the long-woolled Merino have carried their tendency too far. He says their mutton trade with Britain is assuming enormous proportions, and has proved quite profitable to the sheep-raiser. [That story about keeping seven or eight sheep on a single acre is ' almost' incredible to us also, seeing that our own pastoral country carries only from 30 to 60 sheep to the square mile.] A contemporary writes, under the head ing of English cricket- notes: — A very -re- markable performance was achieved by ?* little wee Brigge' at the opening of the new ground near the residence of Mr. A, N. Horneby, which was celebrated by an inaugural match. ' Briggs, made himself very much at home, for out of a total of 171 runs he made no fewer than 96, and is credited with 17 wickets for 11 rune. At one time he had bowled 7 overs, taking no less than 10 wickets for no runs. The first ball of the next over after dinner sent the sixth man in succession to hit fate. This feat has been but rarely outdone. In 11 balls he took no less than 7 wickets without COBting his side a single run. Australians, look out. He has brushed against your phenomenal bowler, and the virtue is divided. Beware of Briggs, 'the little dot,' as the English folks call him. ' Dagonet' in toe London Referee thus humorously writes of the Prince of Wales at the Ascot meeting: — I am sorry to say that Albert Edward has lately developeddyspepBia and liver complaint to an alarming extent. Whether be lias caught it from me I can not say, but that be suffers is an undoubted fact.. Unfortunately, instead of making Mm violent and irritable as the complaint does me, it only makes bim heavy and sleepy. He drops off to sleep suddenly and unexpectedly at the most inconvenient times, and in the most unsuitable places; and in bis slumbers he snores a snore that causes small homes to rock and big hotels to vibrate. He fell asleep on tbe grand stand at Epsom just as the Derby was being ran* and bis breathing was distinctly audible over the roar of the ring and the shonts of the spectators. At the Man chester Exhibition be fell asleep when the British Army Quadrilles were being played and the cannons were beincr discharged tight under his nose, and it was only by dropping a lighted vesuvian down tbe back of bis neck that I ronBed bim up after ' God Save the Queen' had been played and every body had left the building. A Sydney paper says:— A fruit- grower has made tbe following experiments :— In a grapehouse, well ventilated but bee-proof, be placed grapes and other ripe fruits, sound as -well as imperfect. Three colonies of hungry bees, hived oh empty combs, were placed within. They visited the fruits in great numbers, and took advantage of every crack and opening or accidental puncture. They sever molested sound fruit. If the skin of a grape was broken or had burst from over-ripenesB, the bees sucked tbe ex posed juices. They did not attempt to break the skin. The experiment was continued 80 days, with 20 sorts of grapes, with the same result. When grapes were punctured with needles the bees sucked the juices out only ae fax aa they could reach. The Manchester (England) Jockey Club has set forth the conditions of a mammoth stake to be run in 1869, called the Lan cashire Plate, of 12,000 eovs. Three hun dred nominations are stipulated for, or tbe race will be at the option of tbe executive to run or cancel it, and entries close on tbe first Tuesday after the Newmarket July meeting. That same body has a race of 11,000 eovs for the autumn of next year. Cricket gives the following as a curio. : — ' B. L. Gerrtsh in the first innings of the Axminsters scored SO runs out of 62, and was not out. There were two extras in tbe innings, so that the other 10 batsmen must have been the lucky scorers of a bright duck egg each.' The amount of money spent by American breeders and dealers for horses and cattle in Great Britain is perfectly astonishing. None is too good or too high-priced for them ; in fact, nothing but the best will suit them. They pay over £100,000 a year for Clydes dale horses alone. And they are also buy ing horses of other breeds, one owner of a stud farm in Yorkshire having recently shipped to his oldest customer in America 20 Cleveland stallions. In addition to these, 21 more very grand specimens of the Cleve land breed (which is in great favor), besides shire horses, and others, to the number of between 90 and 100 head in all, were ship ped on June 12 for the States. A fancy price for a portrait was paid on Saturday (says the London Graphic of June 24) when £10,395 was given for Boucher's picture of Madame de Pompadour, from the late Lord Lonsdale's collection. This is almost the highest sum ever realised by a jortrait at auction, ine tamouB rrencn beauty is represented full-length, reclining in her boudoir, with a book in her hand, her pet spaniel at her feet, and a clock, cur tain, and writing-table in the background. She wears a blue silk dress, with pink ribbons and garlands of roses. The picture was painted in 1755, and was among the Old Masters shown at Burliugton House in 1876. The new crop of wheat in Bengal is esti mated at about three-quarters of the average produce ; the area having been smaller than usual, and tbe produce reduced by rust. The following calculations, given by the Pastoral Times, will show some of the supposed saving which is to be effected by the use of the machine shears : — For large flocks : — Cr. — 100,000 eheep yielding \ lb of wool extra as compared with manual shearing, at 9d per lb, £1,875. Dr. — Place against this the cost of fitting the shed to shear that number of sheep, and say 40 of the machine shears with shafting and all gear complete and ready for work, at £10 each, £500; carriage on same, £3; fitting and erecting shafting, &c;, £3 ; purchase of 8 h.p. eteam engine, £230 ; carriage on same, £20: total, £656. Net profit after paying all charges, £1,219; total, £1,875. The next shows tbe benefit to sheep- farmers possessing small flocks : — Cr. — 2,000 sheep, cutting £ lb of wool extra, at 8d per lb, £33 6s 8d. Dr. — Cost of purchasing one machine and all necessary fittings, &c;, £10 ; carriage and cost of erecting same, £1 ; one horse works, £13 ; carriage on same, £2 ; total, £26 ; thus leaving a net profit the first year of £7 6s 8d.' But the question is, Will an extra § lb. of wool be obtained every year? Does not this £ lb. that is left on a sheep merely go towards lengthening tbe staple next year? If it does, then tbe machine only clips it off a year in advance. Very close shearing may cause an extra \ lb. of wool to grow during the twelve months, but it wants proving. If Mr. Copley, M.L.C., is not better acquainted with the Standing Orders which rule Parliamentary procedure than he is with the Scriptures be will be even less like a genuine Speaker than Terowie Model Par liament is like a real Legislative Assembly. According to the local Enterprise, when re turning thanks for his election to the Council, he told the people of Port Pirie that the Trades Defence Association opposed him on selfish grounds. ' He likened them to the Apostle Paul, who, when at Ephesus, said 'Sirs, you know thaLby this craft we have our wealth,'' No doubt the associa tion referred to was sufficiently crafty in its opposition of Mr. Copley, but surely that forms no just ground for bis libel on tbe Apostle, who, showing a good example to modern parsons, did bis preaching gra tuitously and kept himself in vestments and ehoe-leather by making tents for railway navvies and Teetulpa diggers. Mr. Copley might well emulate St. Paul by putting his legislative genius at the disposal of the country, free, gratis, and for nothing. Not only by refusing to vote for payment of members but by giving up that railway pass. St. Paul suffered far more indignities at the hands of those whose crafts were in danger than Mr. Copley is ever likely to experience from the Trades Defence Association, Mr. Ward's brains, Mr. Tennant's money, or all three put together.- — M. S. Courier. A Mexican pony which ran at will about the winter quarters of John Robinson's circus in Cincinnati incurred tbe anger of an elephant the other day, and the big beast seized the little fellow and threw him ngainst the cage of a young African leopard. The leopard was apparently waiting: for fust such game, for it bounded against tbe bars of its cage and sunk its claws into the un fortunate pony's side. Tbe force of tbe leap started two bars of the cage, and in a jiffy the leopard bad squeezed its lithe body be tween them and was free. He at once pitched into the elephant, and in less time than it takes to teli was so badly used that he retired to a corner of the barn to nurse his wounde. As he lay there his tail stuck through under the boards aud was seen by attache's of the circus, who grabbed it from the outside of the barn and hung on, wbile the leopard screamed and spit and hissed in bis efforts to get free. He -was thus held until a box was pushed up, into which he was forced. A man named Reynolds, who was de fended by Colonel Bob Ingersoll, bas just been fined £5 and £15 costs in New Jersey (U.S.A.) for blasphemy under the statute of 1664 against blasphemy. This is the statute: — 'If any person shall wilfully blaspheme the holy name of God by deny ing, cursing, or contumaciously reproaching His being or providence, or by cursing or contumaciously reproaching Jesus Christ, or the Holy Ghost, or the Christian religion, or the Holy Word of God— that is, the books of the Old and New Testaments — or by profane scoffing at or exposing them, or any of them, to contempt and ridicule, then every person so offending shall, on convic tion thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $200, or imprisonment at bard labor sot exceeding 12 months, or both.' The judge eaid that although the statute did originate in colonial days, it was re enacted in 1844, and allowed to remain when the statutes were revised in 1874, and even since the indictment tbe legislature had met, and there was not even a sugges tion to repeal it. 