Jfftijrpttuf gnttUujpma. AKBIVALS. February 12.-BALHAIX, 8.B.. HM tons. Captain W. Hammer, from Tomaviile and M»ckay. Passengers— Mil W'Goakcr aod three children, Messrs. tt-Co&er;, Howard Smith and Sons, agente. February 13.— (In Keppcl Bar) CIKTRA, s.s-, 1979 Captain Jas. Banks, from Coofctown via ports. Paseea KCTS— Messrs- A. tiross, A. ^Ilieatde, V. L. Jack, and two in the steerage. Walter Krid and Co., aixata. February 13.— EG MO NT, b.s.,600 tons. Captain X. L. Jchnstone, from Sdackay. Paeseitcera — Hestos. Ff. L. and N. A. D#.vis, and one in the steerage. Walter Heid and Co.* agents. February li— fin Eeppel Bay) CITY OF MEL BOUTt-E, &.S., 138 totis, Captain Tborapeon, from the steerage. Walter Reid ahd Co., a^eau. February 14. — flUUWAH, s_s , 1000 tone. Captain J. ti. South, irom Syducy, Brisbane, and Maryborough. I'aasenpera— Mrs. E. Uimmock, Mis* K. Dimmook. Mi-s D. 1'imoiock, Mies J. Cnm. Uiaa 0 iuJlivan, Hiss U. U'SaUiiaa, Messrs. Davis. Hobbs J. E. Harru. B. J I aid mem, J. Wyb ew, J. H'Keuzie. U J. Wilson, S. FRint, Misters Arthur and Albert Uimmock, and twenty-fire in the steerage. Wm. Howard Smith and bons, apents. February It— LE1CHBA11DT, as., 500 ton?, irom Brisbane via ports. Passcnpers-Mrs. 11 'Bride, Miss Jane M'Bridc, Hi* Gordom Uesus. John iTlinde, Alec tt'Bride, S. Broiuberp. and twenty in Lbe etcera^c Walter Ecdd and Co., agents. February 14.— (Iq beppel Bay) mabakoa, e.t_ 1505 tons, Captain F. W. Worm, from Alelboarne iu ports. PaBHeagen — Headlines Brady and Collins, Aliases PerneU, Jarratt. and Bolder, Sergeant-Major JamiesOD, Messrs. J. W. Sterenson(iI.L.A.), P. Doff, B. (AfflpbeU, J. J. Cronker. P. Plantett, C Urewer. H. Macdooald, W. J. Bunting, Balph Reid, C L. ivflliuna. Shield*, KoHlfig. Her. Mr. jogpon, and twentj-op£ in the steerage, Walter Bcid and Co., *«eata. February 16.— (In Keppel Bay) BAE0O0, 8J-, 1505 tons, Captaio IT. W. bampton, Irom Cooktown via port* Passengers— Misses F«naeett and Frazer, Dr. Finlay, lleura, Hnffo, Warren, J. L. UaXthews, Hyman, TtMM. Hooper, That, ttosier, Wilmington, and fifteen in tbe steerace. Walter Keid aod Co- agente. February 17—WtNTWOKTH, o.a. 050 tone. Cap Uia J. B. S. Medley, trout Sydney, via Brisbane and UurborougtL PaaseDRets — Bev. W. N. Howard, Messrs. G. H. GoodiU, Elogb, L. Latin, G. bold, and nine in the steerage. Walter Keid and Co, acenta. Fetm»ry 17.-LE2CHHAKDT, u, 500 cons. Cap tein u'Loan, from Uvckay. Walter RHd and Co., agents, DEPABTCBE. Febrmuy LL— FTTZB^V, S70 torn. Captain J. E. Meabnrn, for Syd&ev; iia ports. PmssengeM— Mrs. L Grimisn, infant, and none Riri, Meara. I. Grimish, Qdick, Cbaries o'hoorlte, LeiRh, SeweU. O'Neal, flon. A. H. Uuson, Master Prondfoot, md ei^bt in the Bteeraee. Walter Reid and Co., agents. Febroary 13.— BA1J1AI.S, us- SOU tons, Captain W. Hammer Ir»r Uuyborougfa and Brisbane. Paseesgen —Miss J. Waters. Mr. K. T. Tod, and fire in the oteeraec- Wo. Howard Smith and Co , agents. February 13,-^rrom Eeppel Bar) C1MHA, b-b., 1979 tons. Captain Jag. Bankb, for Melboome via porto. Passenf^rs-MeisrB. J. C. Foirbura, C. W. uttle, J. T. Tartou, M. C Tocher, Ransom, and five in tbe steerage. Walter tteid aod Co.. aseats. Fubroar? IS—* GHOST, s.s., «00 tons. Captain T. L. Johnrtimc, for Brisbane via ports. Passengers— Mrs. Johnstone, Messrs. Johnstone, Johnson (Z), Fearce, Hotton, K. L Conarfier, B/ll. CmnmlnRB, E. A. DelisGer, T. C Cbapnun, and one in the steerage. Halter Bud And Co , agents. February I2.-- Fro[n Keppel Bay) CITY OF 1IEL BOUrjiK, ft.fi.. Safe tons, Captain Thompson, for Nor mintou -via ports. Passengen — Messrs. H. t'crn&au;, Christoe, kankin, Kenton, Wilson, aod four in the ateengre. Walter Beid and Co.. amenta. Febrnarv I«.-(From Keppel baj-) MABAKOA, B.9., 1506 tons. Captain F. W. Morris, for Cooktoim m ports. Passeneeta— «r. R. A. Kiocstord, and five in tbe steerage. Walter Reid and Co.. a^ents. Febnmy 14.-LtlCHHAttDT. e^. 690 tons, for Uackay. PanMnf^re -lAc&damca; E- Forvnod and F. O Fotiter, and through roseengwa. Walter Heid and Col, '^brearr 15.— BCRWAB. bj, 1000 tons. Optain J. H. South, for Mackay and Towitsville. PawenceiB— Mre. A. Kemp, Me. a. Kemp. Miss S. Solomon, *is-. E. S. Eetnp, two in the steernpe, and throacb passen jrcrs. Wm. Boward Smith and Sons, apente. Febnurr 16.— (From Keppel Baj) BARCCO, B.8., 1505 tons. Captain W. W. Hampton, for Melbourne ria ports Pas^ea^ere -Mcsdunu.- Torretis and mud. P. O'C. Kiiucli. a.;d H'lTouU. Dr Poircr, Kct-n. W. L. Jack, Conpr^vc. Hunting, Torrry, ft'. J. Porfcr, A. B. Mae donald.G. U. GmhATE, CatratHir«, L. Sober. Hennvusr. Faj. W. Walter, Uaitlaod, and thirteen in ths necrape. Walter Beid and Co., scents. Yefterday afternoon, saj-a the S. M. //- rnM of the 2nd instant, an institution was formally opened at 19 Macquarie- place, which should prove of considerable value to shipmasters and merchants, and others interested in ship ping. Mr. John Williams is the proprietor, and intends to carry it on on lines somewhat similar to those of the old Jerusalem Coffee House in London. A large, airy, and veil ventilated room has been provided, which is to be supplied with the principal Australian shipping and other journals, books of re ference, 4c, besides the leading shipping papers of Great Britain. Writing materials will also be provided ; and the latest informa tion in. regard to shipping matters is to be posted in the room. The institution has been denominated the Captains' Exchange, and, as tbe name implies, it is intended to be a resort for shipmasters and others, who may g~o in at any time between the hours of nine and half past five, and either read, write, or converse, as they feel inclined. The situation, being close to the Custom House, Shipping Office, and principal merchants* offices, is an. excel lent one ; and there is even' prospect of tbe Captains' Exchange filling a vacancy that has bee'n felt for some time past. Vtsterday afternoon success to the institution was drunk in bumpers of Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin, by a J few gentlemen who assembled on the in vita- 1 tion of Mr. Williams. | The iiydwy Morniwj Herald of the 1st in- 1 stant says that the barque Irvine, bound from J London to Rockhampton with & eargo of j general merchandise, was spoken by the ship ; Caetlery, from LiTerpool to Calcutta, on the 5th of January in lat. 43° M' :-. and long. 463 SI' E. The following amended clause in bills of lading will (says the Au^irahmiau Shi^i n-j , \fiCM~) probably b#» adoped for the enming Ih^Sva, Fire ou Board, 'in HulklVciLfr' or on .Shore, Barratry of the Mis^ci: aid Craw, Enemies Pirat*, Assailing Thieve, Arrrni and ReEtratntB of Princes, Bnlere, and People Collisions, Stranding, and other accidents of Navigation excepted, even when occasioned by the negligence, default, or error of judg ment of the Pilot, Master, Mariners, or other Sen- ante of the Shtpownero, bat nothing herein contained shall exempt tie Shipowner from liability to pay for damage to cargo occasioned by bad stowage, by improper or insufficient dunnage or ventilation, or by im proper ope&i;&g; of valves, eluices, and ports, or by causes other than those above excepted, and &U; the above exceptions are conditional on the vessel being seaworthy when she sub on her voyage ; but any l&tent; defects in the hall and tackle shall not be considered unsea urattblneaa. provided the same da not result from want of doe diligence of the owner, or any of them, or of the ship's husband or The Rockhampton agents of the Orient Steam Shipping Company (the Union Mort gage and Agency Company) hfcve forwarded us the following concerning the movetnenta ©i the Company's steamers : — Ormui, sailed from Plymouth on the 5th instant ; the Garonne, Bailed from Suez on the 4th instant; Ligaria, arrived at Suez on the 3rd instant. Captain South, of the Burw&h;, one of Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons1 fleet, states that vessel had a very tempestnou voyage from Brisbane to Rockhampton on her was the most stormy he ever remembers ofli the coast. The Burwah left Brisbane at one o'clock on Saturday morning, and crossed tie More ton Bay Bar at 430 a.m. After cross ing the bar a tremendously heavy breaker was encountered, which almost threw her on her side. From Moreton Bay to Wide Bay Bar the weather was very heavy. A strong gale blew from the south -east, and it wsa with a tremendous roll from E.S.E. Wide Bay Bar was reached at a quarter past eleven in tine forenoon, and there wae an exceedingly heavy sea running. From tbe lighthouse at Double Island Point a signal was shown stating the bar was. dangerous. Captain Sooth waited until tbe tide ruse, and when it was at its full passed over. The Burwah jtut touched the outer edge of the bar, and neary gpaq swept over her deck time after ^rnp. Before thiB, however, the ship had been bat tened down, and the passengers were all below. The captain B&-a thii was toe heaviest sea he ever encountered. Mary borough was reached safely about a qnarter pa&tfive; o'clock in the ceiling. The weather to Roikhampton was fine, bnt the wind was from the north-west. Among the passengers by the R.M.S. Roma, which arrived in Brisbane roadstead yesterday afternoon, eays the Gourar of Saturday, from Tendon via ports, is Mr. O. Downs, successor to Captain A. A. Hansard, as marine superintendent for the British-India and Q.S.S. Companies. Oar readers cannot fail to have noticed bow many valuable lives have been lost in Northern Queensland within the last twelve months through small boats upsetting, and we axe pleased to note oar contemporaries are calling attention to what seems to be a defect in oar laws. Speaking on this subject the Cook tmen Courier says : — ' Those dangers which nature furnishes are being frequently supple mented by others mannf&ctnred; by caRiess and headstrong men. The marine law of Queensland only permits the Harbour Master to interfere with vessels over fifteen tons, and boats of smaller size frequently leave for And arrive from the North, most unsafely over crowded with passengers. Captain Mackay's boat was towed down nearly to Archer Point by the Cintra on Wednesday, bat he bad to cat the tow rope to prevent bis craft being swamped by the heavy sea. Although it was blowing a gale, which prevented the Yonng America from leaving Cooktown, the tiny Victor was oat in tbe thick of it off Rocky, beating down to the Bloomfield by short boards. Captain Mackay should have tbe power to prevent euch frail crafts from patting to sea in dangeitms weather, or from being overcrowded in the best of weather.' The United Australasian Steam Navigation Company's steamer Wentworih, *hich ar rive J here last nipht, had a rather tempes tuous voyaqe b°t«-een Brisbane and Sydney. The master, Captain J. B. S. Medley, reports that she experienced fresh easterly winds and squally weather to Seal Rocks, thence a strong south-oast gale, increasing to hurricane force, accompanied with terrific squalls and blinding rain and a very high cross moun tainous sea. Daring the storm the vessel's decks were constantly- flooded with water, sweeping everything movable before it, taking binnacle, chairs, settees, gratings, tc, over board. When off the Hichmond Heads tbe wind suddenly chopped to north-west, blowing a hard gale which continued till Point Lookout was reached, thence to Brisbane north westerly winds and fine weather. Thk project of sending 1,000 members of the ^ ictorian catlet corps to England next year in connection with tie celebration of the jubilee of the reign ot Her Majesty the Queen was disenssed last week, at a meeting at the Athenftam- hall, Melboorne, of cadet officers and head teachers of state schools, who for the most part took a very sanguine view of the proposal. It was stated ttui the parents of about 5X5 cadets had promised to allow the lads to go to England in the event of the scheme bt?ing carried out, and that an estimate made by Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co, showed that the passages of the cadets and teachers would cost from £20,000 to £30,000. It was resolved, ' That as a fitting of the loyal filing af the colonies, it is advisable that a regiment of cadets to be sent to England during tbe celebration of th-i Queen's jabUcee,' and 'that, with a view of cam-ing ont tbe scheme, priacipale *=; iU: public &:hucU having cadet fiorpc through t tiio c^l^uv form themselves into a committee, and thai Mr. George Coppia 