unns or stuis. Ireland. — It would appear from one ot onr latest cablegrams that a grand demonstration was to be held at Mitchells- town yesterday on the occasion of the- trial of Mr. O'Brien, but the gathering -has been forbidden by the Executive. Farther intelligence will be awaited with no small amount of interest. The Melbourne Exhibition. — The manufacturers in Ireland desire to have an annexe for the exhibition of their wares at the Melbourne Centennial Show, and by cable it will be seen the important trading community of Hamburg desire to take part in the display. Government Auditors. — a list of tbe auditors who hare been selected by the Government to audit our Western District Borough aod Shire accounts is published in our Melbourne telegram. They may all be competent men, but it is hoped the lime is not far distant when a more satisfactory system will be adopted— that is, the perma nent employment of accountants of acknow- ieageu repute co criYei au over uie coiony, without any intimation being previously given of their intention to overhaul this or that set of books or accounts. All honest -and efficient Borough clerks and Shire secre taries would prefer this to the present style of doing the work, and what is more to tbe purpose, it would better and probably, more cheaply done than it has been. The rbceht Show.— The Finance Committee of the Pastoral and Agricultural Society held a meeting yesterday, when a dear and concise statement of accounts was presented by the secretary, from this it appeared that the expenses in connection with the recent Show had amounted to £868, including £405 offered as prize money. On going through the list we hod the chid prize taker was the Woodhonse estate, whose awards amounted to no less than £36, mt. Carmichael, of Harton Hill coming second with £31 ; Messra. Forsyth Bros, over £20, and T. Powling £19. After paying all de mands there will be a balance so credit of £31 lis, as compared with a debit balance of nearly £900 at the corresponding period of last year. This is very satisfactory, and we trust will lead to the Society making an even bolder effort next year by arranging to have tbe National Show held here. To secure this much-desired object, however, they most at oace set to work. i Corea Fleeces. — Mr. P. Lear- month, the proprietor of Corea, has received the following interesting information from his manager re the fleeces borne by the Corea sheep exhibited at the Show, viz. : — "The Tasmanian ram 'Big Billy,8 which won second prize in the open class, cat 15£lbs. Dot, the second prize winner in the four- tooth ewe class, cut 9£Ibs. Dotty, the two- tooth ewe, which was highly commended, Slbs. Prater, the two-tooth cam, lOlbs. A four-tooth ewe that I was onable to show, owing to being in lamb, cut lOlbs 2ozs." We may add that samples of the above mentioned fleeces have beea very much ad mired. The Wreck op the Derby Castle. — On onr fourth page we republish the very graphic description given by the Argus of the wreck of the Derry Castle, cm Enderby Island, tbe suffering of the crew, and their gallant rescue by Capt. Drew. It is satis factory to add thereto that Mr. Gillies has promised to enquire into the conduct of the Captain and crew of the Avrarna, and if he is assured the men are entitled to considera tion, he will make a proposal to Parliament such as he is sure will be cordially approved of. We quite endorse the views expressed by Mr. M'lntyre that steps should be taken to have the Auckland Telflnh and other islands upon which provision depots have been placed, visited periodically for the pur pose of seeing if any persons may be await ing relief. Lecture be Rev. d. v. Lucas. — Yesterday afternoon a good audience at tended at tire Temperance Hall to hear ad dresses to women on temperance work by the Rev. D. V, Lucas and Mrs. Lucas. Practical suggestions were offered for the carrying on of the work in the direction of local option. At S o'clock a large and very appreciative audience assembled in the same building to hear a lecture on 14 The Twdian Tribes of North America." For an hour and a-half Mr. Lucas interested his audience in speaking of the numbers, customs, dis position, ingenuity, and wit ' of .the eons of the freest. At the close, Mr. and Mrs. Lucas sang an Tmiian song to the ac companiment of the cabinet organ. Mr. Lucas is a man of most commanding pre sence, and a lecturer of exceptional ability, having infinite humour and great oratorical powers ; just the man to create enthusiasm with respect to the question he is advocating in the colony, or any other matter to which be may devote Ins attention. Mr. P. Lrar- month presided. A condensed report of Mr. Lucas' lecture on Thursday evening will be found in an other column. Cadet Inspection. — The Hamilton companies of the 9th Battalion of Cadets were paraded on the ground in rear of the College yesterday under the command of Oaptain Farroll for inspection by the com manding officer, Major fine& The parade B"' Wiwnw "X VU1TOB, G UDU -will imaai uucu officers, and 70 tank and file. Aftec re ceiving Hie inspecting officer "wife the pre scribed honours the Battalion broke into column to tie right, thea wheeled into life and went through the ro«» The College Company then "extended for skirmishing, the Academy and State -school forming the support. Independent aod volley firing were then executed by the skirmishers before retiring on their sup ports. Major Snee then assumed command and the Battalion retired by fonrs from the right of companies, advanced and retired in line, took ground to the right and left in fours, advanced In eschelon and formed company squares. At the conclusion ot Hie parade the genial- commanding officer expressed his pleasure at the way in which the work had been done, and said that for a first attempt, the drill was very good. He pointed out the difficulty experienced "by the "Academy and State school in the want of officers and N.C. officers. Battalion work could not be suc cessful without good officers, guides, and markers. He noticed two fir three boys without uniform. Ibis could not be allowed, and any boy failing to comply with this order would have to quit the force. The physique of the lads was very gocd, and the arms and accoutrements clean, especially in of B Company (College). He con- dnded by expressing his belief that the 9th Battalion would ben credit to the force at no distent, date. The cfemany officers pre sent were Lieutenants Hamilton and MIxner, Actingrldentenants A. Macmillan and H. Taiiock. TQie Academy "and -State school ' looked very neat in Uieirhltte rmifonns,' bnt the CoUegewas partichlariywell tamed out, havrsacfa xmaayroRed nnder the J _: A Lgixiui ,CiED.-—I( is aRniounfed that a im Wydescription of postal card is to ! beissued for nseinYictoria withinihenext fe The 'fe w carda in ehapevni resemble reply postcards, but the feges of ? .ssflstKaassitasaEi wfll be qabqut doiiMe.;featiprovided by the : Thb Bible Case. — a telegram was received yesterday stating that in the libel Action, Jones" v." Argus, '.Mr- 'Jnistice A'Be&ett; had awarded pbifitiff A ver dict for £5 damages J sii ;costB,' He Hbel, ft will be remembered, wis pgbBsbed by the Argue in connection with " some American pirated copies of the revised edition of the Bible. The costs will amount to a large sum, a great array of forenac (nlwit having -appeared on both gadffi, tiie Argus especially, having spued no expense in this direction. More Magistrates Wanted. — oar Edenhope correspondent writes : — "A Court: of Petty Sessions was to have been held here on the 20th inst., and the cause list, was a long one. As, however, only one Justice of the Peace, Mr. He&rne;, pat in an appearance a postponement of all the cases had to be submitted to. Tbe inconvenience caused to suitors can be easily understood." The Show Poultry. — In onr ether ffimiiK we publish some more correspon dence re tiie judging of the poultiy at the late Show. Two of onr correspondents appeer to be nmfor the impression that the original letter on this subject wis written by a disappointed exhibitor. To put an end to fmcfa surmises we may state that sncb was not the case, "An Old Fancier" being amply one of the spectators at the Show. The Skating Club is a most un doubted success. Yesterday afternoon and evening the Town Hall was well tilled by members who appeared to be enjoying them selves araas-ingly, many of them- already displaying a creditable amount of efficiency in the accomplishment. Should they go on improving so rapidly, the time can not be for distant when we shall hear of a skating ball. Rich Bearing Stone. — Some time a m iFritino tji n fripnil In Hamilton. Mr. Frank Smalpage mentioned, that he had dis covered a very rich gold bearing quartz reef in the Kimberley district, which be really believed would assay 400ozs. to the ton. We do not know whether his expectations have been realised or not, bnt learn that he is forwarding to Mr. R. S. Bree some re markably rich specimens which will, doubt less, be inspected -with no small amount of - interest. His very many .friends will indeed be pleased if " Wandering Frank's " dis covery is even one tenth as important as bis first impresmon led him to believe it was. Sale at K »p»bxh. — Notwithstand ing Hie inclement state of the weather, which kept away many intending purchasers, Mr. Stretch had a very successful sale at Knral.».l of the land and chattel property in the estate of the late Mr. Joseph B re wis. The sale was held at tbe homestead- The land, eonsistlns of 1,350 acres, was bought by Mr. R. J. Brewis at a satisfactory price. Tbe sheep and cattle sold as under : — 230 croesbred wethers at lis Sd ; 230 crossbred ewes and lambs at 10s ; 300 comeback -ewes and lambs at Ss Sd ; 473 comeback wethers at Ss ; 410 .comeback rreanera at 7s 6d ; 113 crossbred weanera at 7s 6d ; 53 aged ewes at 7s ; 24 head mixed cattle, horses, boggy, plant and fnroitnre at satisfactory prices. Death of Mb. Joseph Jones.— The death is announced of Mr. Joseph Jones, formerly one of the representatives of Villiers and Heytesbnry. He died early on Thnrsday morning at Ballarat. Few politi cians were better read men than the de ceased gentleman, and it is believed bis in tense application to the study of history and politics conduced to the shortening of his life. Mr. Jones occupied for a tame the position of Minister of Railways, and was subsequently secretary of the National Registration Society. Of him the Herald says: — '-His conversation was highly" in structive, for he was a kind of political Macanlay, in regard to his accumulation of lore. The heaviness of his pablic efforts would disappear. Under more favourable circumstances he might have taken a leading position in Victoria. The cast of his intellec tual powers somewhat recalled those of Sir John O'Shannassy- Everyone who knew Mr. Jones holds him in kind memory, We fancy ere can still hear the measured cadence of his rather dogmatic talk, ranging over all the fields of politics. If he had known less, he might have done more. He was pinched and hampered by an inability to move in that social circle for "which he was qualified. Many men who have been much more successful will recall what they have learnt from Mr.- Jones now that the proud heart is still. "We are almost tempted to class him among those of whom it was written that the world was not worthy. He fed upon a lofty ideal, and, perhaps, fancied it was shattered. He suffered greatly in body, but yet more in mind. Yet he did not complain. Whatever the world brought him he accepted with humility. It is not out of place to refer to a genuine common- sense, unpretending piety as his basis. Some would call him a freethinker, but he had risen to a rarified atmosphere, sometimes en vied by those who patronised him, and had achieved all that is comprehended by success in life." The news of his death will be read with general regret by politicians of all shades of opinion and by very numerous friends and admirers. The penola Show, held this week, was, in point of display, the finest that has ever been held there, the sheep hong worthy to compete at any exhibition held in Aus tralia. As might have been expected, the Vallum Park stud flocks were well to the fore, Mr. J. Riddoch gaining all the prizes offered for merinos in the open division with some splendid sheep, none caring to compete ' against him. He was also very successful in the grass-fed classes, although in these he had, as a rule, to play second to Mr. W. Hutchison; of Morambro, who' won the champion prizes offered by Mr. Monckton Synnot for grass-fed rams and ewes, as also the Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Company's prizes.. The challenge prize . of 20 guineas, presented by .Mn G. L Dickson for the best 4 tooth merino ram, was won for the first time by Mr. D. E. M 'Donald, Mr. Riddoch bring second. The competing sows nucswni uu uaegrouno, sou will nave to compete again, next year. Amongst the special prizes was ene of five guineas presented by Mr. James - Gibson, of Belle- rue, Tasmania, for the most valuable two- toothed merino ewe, the competing ewes to be shorn on 'the ground and the fieeres valued at per lb., a new departure, bnt a very good one. This prize was awarded to Mr. H- Gilding, of Lake Mondi. In long- wooUed sheep Mr. W. -M'Pheraon was the most successfuL There was a good display of - horses, "Mr. G. Sim's " Young Surprise" gaining first honors amongst toe draught entires, and toe well known' ."Town Moor" again carrying away . the. chief award for blood stallions tb the Stroan fetate. . "Un-" doubtedly Mr. Riddoch was, so to speak, toe corner-stone of the Show, as we learn that he was also a very successful exhibitor of horses, and to plante'aad flowers almost swept the board.' A Councillor's Seat or Jeopardy. — The Aftioa' is informed that Mr. G. Stewart, wff Cbriwynd.-ex- conncillor «f the Shire of Glenelg, who was' defeated at toe annual election last month by Mr. Simon Kapkin, of Casterton, has instructed his solicitor, Mr. Silvester of Coleraine, to apply to the Supreme Gourt for a rule call ing upon Mr. Rapkin to show riuise why he shonldnot he ousted from the seat be now hrids.- Ihe principal grcnmda of the application'awai be that toe' riollW took-? place.' upon the badness 'premises Gidige 'M'Kidghiifihe xetuadhg o®! fe toat: fhe latter femifefed toe. focal directed one voter to assist another to strike out the name of a candidate, ench first voter not bring a person property appointed to do so. In connection with the', first point we understand thatBe«ion<12 tffihe Liofl Go vernment ''Agtfhmilndmfrt'AferlrariT mo- yides toat>o upon licensed premises, and as-the ; election was held hy jthe returning , officer .upon his premirt.toeCheJtity-ii of Death op the hon thoius hknty: — Anolheirinld member of -oar '-passed PoomAHfe— The final match of the emwhij flie Bssultai Football Club isBcncmboLlnll be flayed on the Friendly Sodetifi?GpQiia& this afternoon between the representatives of the Cdenine and Hamil ton. The visitors will be entertained at -dinner in the evening at Durantis Com- mbreial HoteL Ryjggs — This is rather early in the pea ncm for snakes stories, but the floods would, appear to hive awakened the crawl ing veranint sooner than usual. Five or six have already beea slaughtered by Mr. Laid- law junr. on Doolin Dooling. One of these he fouod coded round a toaaock of grass in the centre of the swamp which, affcr bans dry for a long time, is now well tilled with water, and hie «rafeeship had ' dodbtiess climbed np the tussock in order not to catch cold from wet feet. _ Bible Society.— A meeting of the local committee of thia Society was held yea. terday afternoon in the-Treasuiy, Hamilton, 'and was well attended. -".Arrangements were made for holding the annual meeting oa Monday, 3rd October, and also a Sunday, school gathering in tiie Town HaQ oa Sun day, 2nd October. The agent of the parent Society, tbe Bev. E. W- Bobiii&on;, vnUl de liver an address. Full particulars win he found In a future advertisement. The Licensing Statute. — Three police magistrates, two of whom had to travel over one hundred miles, attended the Harrow licensing Court on toe 22nd inst. All they were called npon to do was to grant a colonial wine license to a resident of Aps- ley. Snrely the old system was far cheaper than this. That it was equally good is the opinion of most of those who ought to know about snch matters. The granting of that colonial wine license mil, from first to last, cost toe country something like £30 or £40. Sub-division op an Estate. — The attention of all who wish to become pos sessed of rich blocks of agricultural land within easy access of Melbourne, Geeloug, and Ballarat is called to an announcement made in onr advertising columns by Messrs. Dennya, Lascelles,' Austin and Co., in con junction with Messrs. Robinson, Burns and Sparrow. By this it will be seen that the firms mentioned intend on tiie 20th October to offer for sale toe celebrated Meltham Hstafe near Geelong, This consists of 4,500 acre of- choice land, portions of which are picturesquely situated and most, if not all, of it well adapted for agriculture ; that on toa river flats being very rich. The estate ha been divided' into conveniently sized blocks and we expect to see these eagerly sought after. M'Pherson, rabbit inspector for toe Glenelg Shire, has (says toe Albion) had occasion to employ labonrto suppress rab bits npon. some of the holdings within his territory, and following thereon the Glenelg Council have proceeded against toe various landholders to recover the costs thereof. The manager of the Cbetwynd estate (owned by Mrs. Nicholas) was requested to pay £25, in cluding an item for buggy hire, &c;,, for con veying toe men to the land. A cheque for £17 was subsequently forwarded to the in spector, but toe .Council at its last meeting determined to institute legal proceedings for toe recovery of the whole amount and. em ployed Messrs. Samuel and Horwitz, of Hamilton, to prosecute, with a view of mak ing it a test case. The legal gentlemen, however, evidently foresaw some difficulty, as dating the week they informed Mr. Sil vester, solicitor for the estate, that they had derided to regard toe payment of the £17 as in full settlement of- toe original claim of £25. The Footscray Shooting Case. — The serious accident which occurred in Footscray recently in consequence of the carriers use of a Francotte rife, was alluded to in the -Assembly the other evening by Mr. W. M. Clark. He suggested that steps should be taken to stop the indiscriminate rise of cadets' rifles, and that cadets should only he supplied with snffisient ammunition to meet toe requirements of their supervised practices. The attention of the Minister of Defence having been drawn to toe matter toe officers of his department explain that, according to tiie regulations only as much ammunition as is required for shooting practices is issued to cadets. Inquiries are to be instituted in order to ascertain wbo, if anyone, is to blame for permitting tbe Footscray cadet to have cartridges in his own home, but it would appear that tbe authorities need not concern themselves very seriously over that simple fact, it being known that the ammunition for toe Fran cotte rifle may be readily purchased in Mel bourne by anyone desrrions of obtaining a supply. The A. J. G. Meeting. — Tbe Aus tralian Jockey Club's Spring Race Meeting was continued at Rand wife on- the 22od inst. when tiie attendance was good, taking into consideration the facts that the day was the "off" day of the meeting and was, in addition, disagreeably dusty. The raring proved interesting, but unfortu nately was not got through without two aceidtmte occurring. In the Suburban Han dicap, Jubilee threw his rider, Ivory, at the starting post, toe result bring that the lad received a broken leg and severe concussion of the brain. The jockey is the son of a well known trainer. The second accident occur red to M'Anliffe, the -rider of Leichardt, in toe Sydney Handicap, who was rendered in sensible through his heme falling, in com pany with Phaott, during the race. The first event was the Suburban Handicap, a 7 furlongs spin, in which Melanion beat Rossi - rille, Frolic, and a large field of horses. Then followed thaGrand Stand Plate,a mile selling race, .which was won by Toronto, with Vinaigrette second and Scamp third. The Craven Plate, a mile and a quarter, weight for age, afforded another opportunity for Mr. James White's champion, Trident, to sho?" his raring powers. He started a hot favorite at 7 to 1 on him, and won easily from his two opponents, Dcnlop and Aber- deen. The Two-year-old Plate was won by Gay 3Sme, The Gilt bring second, and Brncedale third ; and the Second Foal Stakes, Atnile and a quarter race for three- year-olds, resulted in a dead heat between toe Derby colts Ahercorn and Niagara, Aberdeen running third for the second time during toe day. The owners of the winning horses agreed to divide the honors and the stakes. Both edits carried penalties, bat Niagara had 51b. the best of Abercorn in the weights, - he having the smaller penalty. The iast race was toe Sydney Handicap, a mile and a half, which that excellent per former Algerian won, AUandale being second and Moirok third. a Monster Wave,— The account of air accident which recently befell the Cunard steamer Umbrta on her passage from New York reads like a chapter 'from one of Mr. SteveoBon's delightful stories (remarks tire Daily Menus). , The Hmbria was about 1000 miles from Queehstown when toe watch perceived an enormous wave sweeping down on the sbip. It looked, sayB an eye- witness, like a huge black mass of water with white waves on toe top,- and rase higher and higher and higher as it treated the vessel. The engines Were slowed and the course of toe ship altered to .ineet toe danger. These precautions, . in all probability, saved the vessel hut aa.it was, an enormous ralnme of water ponred over her, twisting thick brass rods about as though they were straws, ex- tmguishing a light placed GOft. above the water line,' and burying toe officers wbo were on toe bridge lm many feet of water. Such dangers as these belong to the inevrt- ablc toonsh fortunately rare perils of the deep. , ; The eveht exenqdifies toe need that exrstel for" extreme vigilance In navigating toeAHfetiCj iand. prolSbly'iiidicMies the fate of steamers which, like the President and the City of Bostoh,have never been heard of. An; eyc,witueHS,--who has - made 13 ocean voyages, .tons describes -the occurrence : — "The lookSout saw the wave coming, and the conrse of the vessel waa -altered so that she met it feflquriy. while the speed of the eoginte was Alaqkened. As i raw the huge wave-Jt lpdksd like a bliek mass of wrier with wHte. waves on tire top, and it rolled higher jand higber as it. neared the vessel- ;1itaito5$.Jier#hc toivered from stem to«tefe,f«nd the -combfegof :the wave Ml Witotoewrightvpftom pn toe deck. The forward hatch eplinteredinrj)i«fe&,'whl!e:fee "water oourto totocrente into toe hold, bnt toe bulkheads anormous ferfe'wfiile fee Ltortie back .«j flsitefeajby. towjramnhdpuB weight of toe prater. -fSSfev wra almost apanlc among the aHtefegrikmortfewhom were deeping m wave tolled by, ahd toe excitement subsided. The will of the late Mr. Robert MTJougall has been proved for £52,112. Mr. Gladstone has .declared himself in favor of the Channel Tunnel scheme. Tbe will of the late Mr. William Norman Matheson has been proved for £47-122. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch and suite have been on a visit to Ball&rat.; Constable Palmer, formerly watchbonse- keeper in Bailarat, has been transferred to Hamilton. The sum of £500,602 is said to have been put through the New Zealand totalisators daring the past season. _ Cardinal Moran, after inspecting " the lions " of Bailarat, left that town for Mel bonnie on the 22nd inst. £10S1 6s 5d is the amount paid to the Winchelsea Shire Council by government in aid of the extirpation of rabbits. Claims for compensation for loss of time, made by witnesses in the Swain case, are. to be considered by the Crown law officers. Tbe tender of Messrs. M'Neil and Batli for £36,343 7s 3d has been accepted for the final section of tbe Watts' River aqueduct. Memorials from the citizens of Fiji pray ing for the annexation of those islands to Victoria will be presented to onr Parliament in the course of a few days. Mr. M'George, of Clifton Hill, has in vented a semaphore which can be operated upon by a passing train. It is being tested by the railway officials. Prince de Talleyrand has left France for the United States, where he intends to re side permanently, and take part in politics as an American citizen. Two youngsters, named William Williams and Jacob Watson, escaped from the Bailarat Orphan Asylum a few days ago, and have not since been heard of. Some fool has been imitating a ghost at Bailarat, and has almost frightened one yonng woman out of her wits. vVe shall not pity him if he is caught and lynched. A contract for constructing one of the steel cruisers for the American Navy has Deen awarded to the union Ironworks, San Francisco, at a cost of l,42S,000doL On the 21st inst. a man stole a cocoannt from s shop in Bailarat. Before he could be caught the arresting constable had to wade through two or three sludge channels. It is reported that Captain Moore is to pro ceed home ss first officer in another of Messrs. Grice and Co.'s vessels, bnt will eventually resume command of the Sarah Grice. Hanlau, the oarsman, received a very poor welcome in Sydney compared with the re ception accorded him oa his previous visit. He utterly denies having spoken ill of Aus tralia. The Camperdown Chronicle does not thick the operations of the Shearers' Union will interfere materially with tbe progress of shearing in any of the sheds in that dis trict. It is proposed that that intrepid explorer, Mr. Ernest Giles, shall make an incursion into Central Australia and donations are rapidly pouring in with wbich to provide tbe siuews of war. On Saturday last Messrs. Kirby and Gilles- pie sold by auction Mr. Owen Heffernan's farm of 27 acres, near Coleraine, the pur- chaser being Mr. Dugald Livingstone, at £11 7s 6d per acre. Mr. and Mrs. Dupe, of Geelong, have just celebrated their golden wedding. Mr. Dope is 73 and Mrs. Dupe 68 years of age, and the couple have spent 45 out of tbe 50 years of their married life at Geelong. A yonng scamp named Kenworthy, residing at Sandhurst, having a grudge against bis mother, has recently been committing of fences in order that his mother might have to pay the fines. A whippier would best suit his complaint. Thomas Martin some years ago was con victed of a grossly indecent assault. After being released be was appointed caretaker of a State school. In that position he demoral ised the boys, again offended, and bas been sentenced to death. After the jury had returned their verdict tn re the Victoria-street Bridge tragedy, a large crowd waited ontside to see Captain Moore leave, bnt while some of bis friends attracted their attention, he got away com paratively unnoticed. Tbe destitution at Fort Chippewyan last winter was terrible. Cannibalism was com mon. One old woman at Little Bed River admits having killed and eaten her whole family. Starvation and cannibalism are also reported from the Mackenzie River. According to a Daily Telegraph cable gram, the Evening Standard publishes a telegram from Ottawa that the Canadian Premier, Sir John Macdonald, is abont to visit London for the purpose of nrging Her Majesty to arrange fora visit to the Canadian Dominion. Two women in Sydney — Mary Yonng, described as a "specialist," and Elizabeth Moralles, alias Madame Sibley, have been committed for trial for malpractice on a married woman, whom they first hnmbugged as to tbe danger she wonld shortly ex perience. Table Talk Bays that since he left Mel bourne, Lord Deerhurst has been prospecting a gold mine up near the Gulf of Carpentaria and going in for real bard digger's work, and is so satisfied with the results that be in tends returning to Australia shortly, if only to superintend his claim. The JVeo Caledonien states that a company bought a volcano in the New Hebrides mean ing to obtain sulphur therefrom. When they went to take possession the natives declared that although they bad eold the mountain, the sulphur it contained was not included in the purchase. Hence all tho row. Sir James Lorimer and Captain Thomas have been entertained at dinner by the officers of the naval and military forces. Sir James spoke in eulogistic terms of the bene fits that would accrue from tbe Imperial Conference and in the course of his speech Captain Thomas praised Mr. Brennan's torpedo. Thus forcibly does the Argus conclude an article on the Swain case " It is almost incredible, it is altogether unintelligible, and it is superlatively disgraceful, that a girl coold have perished within a few feet of the bank of a river on which stood two men who could swim, without the slightest effort being made to rescue her." Tbe final act necessary to complete tbe negotiations for the taking over by the Go vernment of tbe right, title and interest ot the Victorian Telephone Exchange, on pay ment of tbe sum of £48,000, was performed on tbe 22ad inst., when tbe agreement was signed by tbe directors oa behalf of the com pany, and by the Foet master-General on behalf of the Government. The statement is re- affirmed that Mr. Jay Gould, acting on behalf of a wealthy Aineri- . can syndicate, has made arrangements to found an American bank in China, with an enormous capital, and that tbe institution will transact all financial . business for tbe Chinese Government, and also to a large -extent control the railways and telegraphs. It is said, however, that the agreement with the Chinese Government has not yet been formally ratified. —Age. Some astonishment was expressed when the news readied "this colony that £6,000,000 was subscribed to purchase the well-known Guineas' Brewery. Tbe shareholders seem to have put their money into a profitable con cern, for we see that at the last half-yaarly meeting the directors' report Showed that the profits for theprevions nine months amounted to £544,985 16s Sd, after, making ample allowance forbid debts and all contingencies. A dividend at the rate of 12 per cent, per annum was declared, and £200,000 placed -to the reserve fond. 