? J!is Probable Fate, i Hon-iii" forwarded to us by a contributor, . „ vnrncit.v we do not vouch : ^ i s called a 'living staff' or pilot /oil the Melbourne and Hawthorn railway Uv duties are easy but monotonous—oh, so tmious V,' hilst the Hawthorn Bridge is being • ed and strengthened the trains run both ways finale line of rails. To secure safety a ' living ff system is used. I am the staff. No tram is wed to cross the bridge unless I am on the I am the only open-sesame to the few 5 of a section of single line. That is why my T is growing ;_'rey. "Can you realise the feelings of a man doomed ra certain time to cross and re-cross and cross in the same little strip of ground and the same «r until the ' damnable iteration ' of that same dred yards' journey causes the reason to totter jthe brain to swim ? There are trains every ten •-ntes from Melbourne, and trains every ten iesto Melbourne, to say nothing of Lilydale j trains, and I must cross that infernal river mieicli of them. As each train nears the Picnic tiou it slows oil'to allow me to jumpon the engine, mis crowded on, and I cross the river to the awthorn station, where I have to rush across to e train going to Melbourne and take it back oyer e river. Then that train s'ows down, allowing to jump oft' and spring on to the approaching rine of another train from Melbourne. I take r tover, and still another is waiting for nie at the irtiiorn side. Backwards and forwards—for- 'dBand backwards—jumping off one engine and •another with no pause, no rest between This is iV»Y 1 spend my eight or ten hours every day. ' Jvery vipple upon the surface of that stream .olographed with painful intensity upon my every leaf upon the trees upon its bank are "solthe ballast upon the permanent way has iitsImage into my brain. Backwards and ..jds-fonvards-and backwards—I am traveleonstimt'y by steam, and never getting any mrder. I have heard tell of the man in the jthologral hell who was condemned to roll a "lie everlastingly up a hill, and never reach the p. Sisyphus' treadmill was no worse than mine, am always travelling to Melbourne aud from clbourne, and never reach Melbourne. I am a andering ,]ew, confined to an acre of ground and strip of river, aud cursed to travel ever over that world behind constantly changing engines, it any wonder that my hair is growing grey, and »t I am losing flesh every day ? "I can't stand ic much longer. All the girdeis the bridge have got to know me now, and they f}' or jeer at me. As I fly across them every few mutes of the day I can hear them creaking to other in their hard' ironical tones :— '"There's that same chap on the engine again, must be confoundedly fond of travelling over He's always at it. Fond of scenery perhaps.' 'Sueli arc the remarks that I hear, these unfeel- . girders make. I draw the attention of the jere and firemen to them, but they laugh and 'are they do not hear them. Perhaps not, for haven't had the constant experience of the y that I am having. The Chinese marketeers working in St. James' Park yonder gaze P J t me in a\vi;. They call me the phantom lailway 1 can hear them : — saine "TV " ' Oliver evly time !' this caivt go on for ever. I know what it-must to. The liver is ever rippling below, quiet c a ' 1 ' 1 ' It is so still and inviting. Every time I look down at it and think that it is but a ®P and then - the living staff is a living staff no ' I I shall do it some day. Better become "reman for old Nick than travel forever backand forwards on engines—backwards and J™ 6 the same hundred yards like an ^ s P"'it pacing to and- fro over a ghost's walk.' ^ THE SEQUEL. ow a War 4 Kew Lunatic Asylum we were n ^uous but harmless lunatic. Hissymptom ^ intense restlessness. He would spend the • v aU(1 "iglit leaping 'tajJLUg up on UU one UUC bed, UGlljauuuuiiig shouting ^ right. die; [e. " t '" taping off, crossing over the room i ^P ln g upon another bed. This proceeding he rh e Peating minute after minute, aud hour [le was under the impression that the "ent f^"' 1 *' aiK ' t' la t hewas doomed, as a puntrain bis youth, to be always tlle si,ls tak- -:ngev° U a bridge tllat c r o s s e d t h e S t y x a n d led "t'hui' S t0 t ' lc ' n f e ™al regions. He insisted «name was Charon and, according to the 111 8 fceii) 1S i' eason been wrecked inconsequence %en ] g mouths worked as a living staff. 'deniv'V vent "iad the Railway Commissioners • y discovered that as he had nothing to a s tatf, any other staff would do as in? ? C y re P laced him by an inanimate to do so a s 80011 as m deniit they had time s t0 b e guiIfcy of a n a c t of • Vsenge o r d i n a r y OUR 'Arry at it again. This time he wants to know if Emus are the same as Thomas cats' " WHY," askad Policemen X, " is my boss like the hawful happarition as angs round the bloodstained pillow of the wicked Black Forest innkeeper in the story books ? Cos 'e's the inn-Bpectre o' course," 