TEE COLONIAL CONFERENCE. " -.- The proceedings of the Colonial Conference, as pre- sented to both Houses of the Imperial Parliament, by her Majesty's command, in July, are now to hand in the shape of two bulky volumes giving in detail, and in carefullyedited form, information which we have already published in brief during and immediately after the Conference. The fust volume gives, in the spaöo of some 500 pages, a full account of the initia- tion and opening of the Conference, with a detailed report of all the discussions, except those concerning the Neto Hebrides question. Volume II. supplies, in the form of an appendix, copies of all papers and^ docu- ments read before the Conference or tabled during the discussions. As is well known, the intention of the Imperial Government to experiment in a conferenco _ of colonial representatives as a means of drawing together moro closely tho various parts of the Empire was first announced in the Queon's Speeoh at the prorogation of Parliament last year. This announce- ment was followed by a circular,. dated November 25, from Mr. Stanhope, Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the various colonial Governors, sketching in general terms the range of the proposed conference, emphasising the intontion to make it purely con- sultative, inviting the co-operation of the various Ministries, and suggesting April or May as the date. The ciroular waB received with tsomowhat differing degrees of interest in the different colonies ; and whilst all the Governments agreed to send representatives to the Conference, the varying estimates as to its importance carno out plainly in the appointments that wero made. Several Governments sent their ablest men, whilst others treated the Conference rather as an occasion for a pleasant holiday, and magnanimously gave the appointments to friends needing rest and change, or to opponents who might do less mischief in London than at home. However, delegates to the number of 25 from all the colonies possessing self- government, and 88 gentle- men connectod with Crown colonies, nominated by the Governors or invited by the Secretary of State, assem- bled on Monday, April 4. Mr. Stanhope having been transferred meanwhile to the War Department, the duties and honours of presidency devolved upon his suocosBor, Sir Henry Holland, who, in the presence of the Prime Minister and many members of the present and preceding Governments, opened the Conference by calling upon all to join him in one of the shortest prayers on record: "God's blessing be upon this Conference." Congratulatory speeches were made by the Marquis of Salisbury, Earl Granville, Mr. Stanhope, and the President; and after replies from Benior representatives of tho various colonies, business was entered upon with great zest. Naturally, the proceedings of tho Conference were more or less coloured by the peculiar characteristics of the individual members, and somewhat too, though perhaps not in so marked a degree, hy the viows of the Governments who happened to be in power in the colo- nies represented. Thus it was almost a foregono con- clusion that the Victorian representatives should ex- press themselves in the most unequivocal terms, and that the Bturdy Premier of Queensland should claim a front seat. But it must be confessed that those forecasts were well within the mark. Not only did Sir Graham Berry ond Mr. James Service speak as bravely on the New Hebrides question before the Imperial Prime Minister and the dignitaries of the Conference as they had ever done on the more familiar floor of tho Victoria Legislature, but Mr. Lorimer, the War Minister of their colony, backed them up by still braver allusions to the military and naval forces he could Jsummon for any emergency. " Wo have a scheme of dofence," said Mr. Lorimer, " which we are satisfied is absolutely complete, and at the present moment wa should not bo afraid to meet any enemy of England who might attempt to invade the shores of Victoria." Not only so, but on the possibility of some enemy of England being cowardly enough to attack Melbourne without coming within rango of the military armaments, he was able to add, "Wo have, also, a most effective navy." Nor does it appear in the record that even the ghost of a smile played on his face, or on that of any other «aem- ber of the Conference, as he proceeded to describe the fleet, which boasts of the Victorian Nelson for its flag- ship. The Queensland Premier had two strong grounds, in addition to his undoubted ability, whereon to claim a fair share of prominence. He represented a spirited young colony, and yet he, though also young him- self, held seniority amongst the other Ministerial members of the Conferenco. Accordingly when the moment came for someone to make the last speech, Sir Samuel Griffith met with a kindly "Hear, hear" when ho remarked to the President: "Before you formally declare the Conference closed, I should like, as the oldest actual Minister present, to say a few words as to the work of the Conference." As for our own representatives, they did not greatly overstep the very modorato part entrusted to them-as far as the Conferenco was concerned. In keepng with the modeBt attitude of the colony for years past, they maintained an easy domeanour, and the leaät wo can do is to credit it to their weight and dignity. As to the actual conclusions arrived at by the Con- ference, the president ha3 to bo thanked for an interesting summary, included in the first volume of the proceedings. The organisation of colonial defence was taken early, as the subject of first importance, and it was one of the last' disposed of. In the records of the discussions, and especially in the papers relating to this subject, there wero many facts of a confidential nature which have been communi- cated to the various Governments, but have been omitted from this publication. It is interesting, however, to learn that " in the Dominion of Canada the available force of active militia, together with the permanent corps, amounts to nearly 37,000 men ; in the Australasian colonies the total armed strength is no less than 84,000 ; and at the Cape, and Natal there aro trained forces of 5500 and 1500 men respectively. Thero is, moreover, in each case a large reserve, which can be drawn upon in case of need." As to the provision agreed upon at the Conference, sub- ject to Parliamentary approval, for additional protec- tion for the colonies, our readers are of course espe- cially interested in the part relating to the Australian station, which includes, it may bo montioood, the Aus- tralasian colonies, New Guinea, tho Caroline Islands, and dil Pacific islands to the east and south, of them as far as, and including, tho Samoan and Navigators Groups. This part, it will be remembered, was covored hy an agreemont como to unanimously," though only aftor prolonged discussion, by all the dolegates concerned, and which is to last 10 years, and then be terminable only by two years' notice. Under this agreemont the Imperial Government pro- vides five cruiseis and two gunboats ; three of the ctuisers and one gunboat to be constantly in commis- sion, and the other three vessels to be held in reserve. Tho combined colonies are to pay 5 per cent, on the primo cost up to £85,000, and full cost of maintenance of the commissioned vessels, with expenses of Tessels in reserve; pensions, &c;, up to £91,000 per an- num. But the Imperial Government undertakes the extra c03t of commissioning and maintaining the reserve vessels when required, and of making good any vessel that may be lost or require re- placing. At the termination of the agreement the vessels are to remain tho property of the Imperial Government. / Three postal questions were discussed, ahd the con- clusions arrived at were-1. That the reduction of postage to a penny would be impracticable for financial reasons. 2. The dolegateä felt that the colonies would be debarred from entering the Postal Union because or the inadequate representation allowed, and because of the diminution of postal revenue it would involve. The third question concerned only three colonial Governments ; but it was urged that in their interest negotiations should bo entered into with the French and Italian Governments for the reduotion of the pre- sent transit rates, which negotiations are still pending. The proposal of the Canadian Pacifio Railway Company for a service ti powerful steamers betweonVancouver and Hongkong, by way of Japan, was under consideration by tho "Imperial Government at the time of the Con- ference, and was therefore not very fully disoussed. Tho proposal for an alternate line of telegraphic com- munication to Australia was sholved, on the ground that an Iraporial subsidy was held essential, and this the Postal authorities deolined to cntortain. ' The Paciflo Islands question lod to the only serious unpleasantness that marred the harmony of the pro- ceedings. Her Majesty's Government having asked for a frank expression of opinion by the Australasian representatives, Sir Graham Berry and Mr. Service gave it nothing loth, and with a dogrce of candour whioh ! certainly surpassed anything the Primo Minister, who Was present to hear it all, had bargained fon This particular disousslon was doubly guarded by a'spooial emphasising of the understanding of confidence which was supposed to eover all the Conference proceeding«. But by some "inscrutable" means tho Standard brought out a four-column report of this specially confidential discussion,! making matters worse by alleged inaccuraoies. When the Conference hext assembled there was an almost ludicrous round of self-excusing. At first the process looked like an attempt to lind the traitor by the round-about process of eliminating the honest men. But at length a mem- ber indignantly repudiated BUch a thought on behalf of the whole Conference, and oharged the treason to Bomo "inscrutable cause." Sir Dillon Bell did not exaotly doubt a measure of inscrutability in the matter, but ventured to roughly point the direotiou for any further search by the following broad hint. " As for the pressmen in general we never do expect that they will treat matters of a confidential nature with the confidence that is ex- pected." Partly as a result of this breach of con- fidence by the Standard tho discussions on this ques- tion are omitted from the report ; but, as is already known, the Conference gave au expression in favour of maintaining the neutrality of the New Hebrides, and united in a protest against further deportation of Frenoh récidivistes to Now Caledonia, or any extension of that system to other islands of the Pacific. The Conference further expressed approval of the proposal then under consideration at "Washington, by representa- tives of Germany, the United States, and Great Britain, for entrusting the control of affairs at Samoa to one of those three Powors for a term; and approved a draft of a bill for the assumption of the Queen's sovereignty over British New Guinea, and for the administration of the affairs of that torritory, Queensland, Yiotoria, and New South Wales agreeing to defray the cost of the adminis- tration to the extent of £15,000 a-year for 10 years, whilst the Imperial Government would provide a Bteam vessel with the cost of ita maintenance for three years, at an estimated total cost of £29,000. Various questions relating to trade were introduced, and moro or less discussed, including a suggestion that permission should be given to self- governing colonies to enter into direct negotiations with foreign Powers in regard to trade matters, as had been allowed in the case of Canada. But the only one whiôh seemed to call forth any general agreement was that of the Sugar Bounties. The representatives generally urged that, in'justice to colonial industries and trade, which are injuriously affected by the sugar bounties, her Majesty's Government should spare no efforts to bring about the abolition of that unsound system." Accord- ingly, her Majesty's Government has taken active mea- sures, and at the present moment the Governments of nearly all the countries interested have promised to send representatives to a conference on this vexed question. Legal questions relating to colonial judgments, orders in bankruptcy, and the winding-up of companies, colonial wills, and probate, and questions relating to Government loans and several miscellaneous subjects were also discussed, with more or less definite results, and the Conferonoe was olosed on May 9. It is impossible to glance through these voluminous reports without an appreciative estimate of the immense industry of the Conference. The high- fiown " few words " of Sir Samuel Griffith at the close of his share in all these labours may prove too high for those who peruse these reports in the calmer time of after- thought. Whatever the result of the Conference may prove to be, its functions wore immeasurably removed from those of a *' Parliament," and the less haste there is to magnify a harmless and moderately useful consul- tation into anything with the semblance of legislative functions the better for the harmony and unity of the empire. 