LIKE AND UNLIKE. LY M. E. EUADDOX. Author of "Lady Aydlyy's Skcket," " WY'LLAHU's WHIHD," Ac., Ac. The Right of Transhition is Reserved. CHAPTER YLII.— Continued. " Tbev luivo lb;;:! ! :v body in n deep pool further down the sireum — it's her's, there arc ample means of reeugniti on. The long brown hair, a wedding ring and keeper, a Persian rug w,,u;nl re-und witli a sill; handkerchief. If her murderer had taken pains to secure her identification aud to Ehuw that .she uid not tnrow heiselt into the river but was thrown in by somebody eise, lie could not have dune more. Yes, it is very sad, my lord.' as if in answer to the agony in !it. Austell's countenance, "hut there is tin heip. It is ail over and done witli. it is only what I expected. What you have to do is to get away from Chadford before the inquest, and to keep your name out of the business, if you call. You are known to have been with lier on the last day of her life, to have planned an elopement with her. You may be suspected of her muitier — who knows " I don't care whether I am or not. Where is she ? Let me see her," said fit. Austell, trying to pass dir. Melnotte, who contrived to block the path. " For Cod's sake don't go that way. The men are carrying their burden to the dead- house. Let no one who loved her look upon her — let uo oue but the surgeon see all that death and the river have left of poor humanity. Come back to Chadford with me, Lord St. Austell. I am going to the coroner." " What of her murderer 7 Is he to escape you." " Not if I can help it. I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard before I see the' coroner, and when 1 have seen him i shall get a magistrate's warrant lor Mr. lielfield's arrest, and I shall take the lust train for Londou to put the warrant in force." "Sir Adrian will have communicated with his brother in the meantime, perhaps. Does he know what has happened 7" "Not yet, 1 think. There was no one down by the river while tlic men were at work, except a gamekeeper, and 1 told him my story of having dropped my watch into the stream, which he seemed to swailow easily enough. I don't think Sir Adrian can have heard anything yet ; but there will be plenty of talk, 1 suppose, when the remains have been taken to the dead-house." I. ord St. Austell looked back along the river path. lie sow tho men in the distance carrying their burden on a light hand-bier, which they must have taken witli them from the dead-house, in expectation of this ghastly result. The burden was covered with a black cloth and they were walking slowly in the same direction as St. Austeil and Aleluotte, only a g.wl way behind. He made no further attempt lo see what lay beneath yonder gruesome covering, indeed be felt that Jleluutto was right, and thut he would not fur worlds have looked upon those poor relies of all that he had loved. Let not that horrible imago come between him and his memory of her fresh young beauty ; let him not be reminded through her of what he himself must be — of poor humanity's common doom. He walked back to the town almost iu silence aud left the detective to do his work alone, ilelnotte suggested tiiat he should go to the cottage and break the news to Colonel Devcrill, but this fit. Austell refused. " 1 can help no man to bear his burden," he said ; "my own is too heavy for me." It was part ot his burden to know that his unholy love had been the cause of Helen Beliield's death. If her husband was the murderer, it was her lover who had brought about the crime. CHAPTER XLI1I. — " Lrt HE be Y'oub Servant." Valentine Relfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left the house in Lisson Grove. He was too deeply agitated to go quietly back to ti is hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine aud go to bed aud rest. He knew that sleep was impossible, unless he could bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked from the Abbey to Ride fold and had slept the sleep of exhaustion in the bottom of the little saiiiug boat. His only chance to-uight. was to walk down the devil of restlessness that was in him ; so lie turned his face northward aud walked to Hampstead and then struck oil towards Fineliley and Jiendon aud roamed about among fields and lanes ali night, and at T o'clock breakfasted at alittle publichouse by'tlieside of a canal somewhere between Fineidey-road and Child's llill. It was a house cuiclly affected by bargemeu and nobody took any narlieular notice of him. the barmaid merely remarking that in ail pro bability lie was a swell who had been on the drink last night and who bad been walking about to sober himself. He was sober enough tills morning evidently, aud was proof against all the barmaid's blandish ments, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of paper before she carried him his breakfast of eggs and bacon und strong tea. He bad eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread aud butter supplied by Madge, and lie was faint and sick from the unaccustomed fast. He fell asleep by tin; lire in the public- house parlor, slept through the entrances and exits ot several relays of bargemen, slept amidst tho odor of beer aud the jiugle of pewter pots, dozed ou till the afternoon, and then paid his score and went away, lie made his way across the fields to the Edgivare-road, and thence to Lisson Grove, where he went into a slopseller's shop and bought a complete suit of such clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men — an Oxford shirt, corduroy trousers, fustian jacket, and hob-nailed boots. He changed his clothes on the premises, and reappeared in Lisson Grove in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this transformation. " It's a lark, sir, I suppose 7" he said. " Yes, it's a lark," answered Mr. Relfield, as he walked out of the shop. "Well, I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky-looking gent to be up to such a move as that," said the young Israelite to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Bel- field's clothes away. " There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Benjamin," replied the other, dis missing the subject, which remark was more accurate than speculative observations ore wont to be. It was dusk when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Forlorn Hope. Madge opened the door and did not recognise him as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light. " What do you want, my good man 7" " I want to be your servant, as I told you last night." " Mr. Belfield, why are you still hanging about here /" crieu Madge, in an agonised tone. " This is sheer madness." " 1 believe it is next door to madness," answered Valentine, following her into the parlour, " but it is muduess that only you can cure. There's uo use in my "going abroad, Madge, without you. I should only carry my guilty couscience and my misery with me, go where 1 might — Africa, Asia, the North Pole — it would be all the same to me. There is no place so strange, no life so wild aud full of danger, excitement, occupation, that would make me forget, so loug as I were alone. You have the power to comfort me. You have the power 10 lav the ghost that haunts me, You alone can tell me that I have repented and have expiated my sin. You have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be saved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish inevitably. There is no help, no cure, but through you." " Y'ou are mad," she said. " Yes, it is all madness. I have a good work to do here aud I cannot leave it." " Let me stay here then, and work for you. That is what I have come for ; to be your drudge, your slave ; to be what Caliban was to I'rospero. 1 am dressed ior the part, you see. You will find how handy I can make myself cleaning windows and scrub bing flag- stones, doing work that you nnd the sisters cannot do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad cases, when a patient wants watching at nigbt, 1 can do my part as a watch-dog. You don't know what I can be under your transforming power. Madge, I have no friend in the world but you." " Y'ou have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend." " No. To my mother mv life has been a lie. She only Is my friend who knows my sin and my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, and when 1 leave the country go with me as my guardian-angel and my wife. Test the truth of my repentance, if you will, before you trust me. Sec how changed a creature I have become. How all that is vilest in my nature bus been purged out of it by the horror of my secret sin. Test me to the uttermost as your servant before you accept me as your husband." Madge began to waver. He who was pleading to her knew not how urgently her own heart was pleading for him, how fondly she loved him even in his degradation, stained with tho shedding of blood. " I believe it would be for your own safety to leave England instantly," she said. " There is no knowing when danger may arise, but if you are bent upon staying in this house and helping us in our work, 1 will talk to the sisters and see what can lie done. Our fortnightly committee meeting will be bold to-morrow afternoon, and most of the sisters will be here. If they consent to your being cmoloyed here — as a servant — 1 have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at the end of 'the passage, which you might have as a bedroom. It is small and ratller darl:, but it is dry and well ventilated." " Give me any den, any cell." said Valen tine. " Do you think I care how I am lodged 7 I want to be near you, Madge. I want to feel the support of your presence. That is all i ask." " Y'ou must not call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret." " Y'ou shall be sister Margaret until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about, let me begin my slavery. Give me any work there is to be done." " 1 don't think there is anything you can do to- night, but you shall clean all the windows to-morrow, if you like. Our windows have always been an nllliction to me. We have done our best, but women are not good as window-cleaners. To-night you can take a holiday, but on future even ings we can give you some penmanship to do for us, letters to charitable people who help us. YVhat must we call you, hy- the-by 7 Y'ou have a second Christian name, I think "Y'es; I was christened John Valentino but I was always called by the seeoud uame,, because my mother preferred it." " Then here we will call you John." She began to prepare the tea, as she had done on the previous evening, and two of the sisters came iu to fetch the trays for their patients. Ono was an elderly woman, tiie other a girl of two and twenty, a pale gentle-looking creature, with a wistful ex pression iu her large blue eyes. Madgo introduced Valentine lo tlicm as Mr. Joliu, a person who in the outside world liad been a gentleman, but who offered him self to them as a servant. "If all the sisters approve, I think we may keep liim here and find him very use ful!" she said. "Ill tho meantime he will stay here for to-night, and he can help you both in carrying rouud the coalscuttles after tea." Sister Agnes, the fair girl, sat down to tea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner and spoke rarely, but Valentine was interested in her appear ance and inquired her history bv-and-bv, when she had yjoue back to her duties ou the upper floor. " Her's is a sad story. She belongs to very rich people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. Shu fell in love with an army doctor" aud her family were all opposed to the match and made her break oif her engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed in tho Soudan. She heard of his death unexpectedly fromher partner at a dance, and for six months afterwards she was out of her mind. When she recovered, nothing would induce her to resume lierold life of fine clothes and purties, nothing would induce her to hear of another lover. She devotes her life to charitable work, and all the money her father gives her is given to the "poor. He is very liberal to her, although ho disapproves of her way of life. She spends only one day of every week in this house, but she works for us out of doors, going about the streets at night, and talking to wretched women whom few girls of lier age would have tho courage to approach. That fragile-looking woman has penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous streets in llateliif Highway, where even the police go at tiie risk or their lives. She has never suffered any harm, has Hardly ever been insulted by a coarse word. She has done more good than any other member of our sisterhood, although all have worked well." " She can take your place when you have gone to the other side of the world, Madge." Madge shook her head with a sweet, serious look, full of tenderness. " I shall never leave mv work, Mr. Bel field. 1 have given ruvself to it as much as if I had taken a vow. I am very sorry tor you. I vrotiid do much to befriend you or to be of use to you, but 1 have put my hand to the plough and I shall never take it away." Valentine got up and began to pace the room, fuming. "It is madness," he exclaimed; "a wo man's craze. Only a woman would ever think of such a thing. Are there not hos pitals for sick women 7" " There arc hospitals for disease, but there are no hospitals for the weak and ailing, there are very few refuges for fainting sin ners. There are plenty of orphanages for the spotless children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girl hood. Christ loved the innocent children aud called them to his knees ; but iie had inexhaustible pity for the fallen women." ' fio be it. Y'ou have set tiie ball rolling. Y'ou have begun the work. Others can carry it on." " 1 will not leave it to others." " Y'ou can continue your good work in the Antipodes. You will find, sin in the new world as well us iu the old. There is no colony so rccontly founded that Satan has not helped to people it. Come, Madge, be reasonable. Three years ago you spurned me because I dared to approach you as a seducer. Y'ou did well, and 1 deserved your contempt. Now I come to you iu all honor ; I oiler you all I have to give — my name, my life, my fortune, such as it is. 1 am to in herit all my mother's property, and I shall not be a poor man. 1 come to you with a blemished life, stained with one hour of darkest sin. But 1 am not altogether vile. I have repented that fatal hour in the long agony of months. I shall repent it all ray life. Only you can make that life tolerable ; only you can heal my wounds. Be my wife, Maige ; take me with all my sins." She held out her hand to him as he stopped in his pacing to and fro, and they remained for some momenta silent, with clasped hands, he looking down at her, his eyes kindling as he looked ; she very pale aud her iips slightly tremulous. "Y'ou love me, Madge," he said, breath lessly ; " you can forget all for my sake." " 1 am very sorry for you," she answered softly, " but 1 have done with individual love. I have given my heart and life to my sorrowing sisters." " It is a craze, Madge ; I say again it is a craze." " Y'ou have not seen the good done — you have not seen the altered faces. There are women now in happy honest homes whom we have picked up out of the gutter. If you were to see one young wife 1 know of, with her husband and her baby, you would not be lieve there had ever been a stain ou her life. He took her, knowing what her past had been, and he has cherished lier as a pearl of price. These are rare cases ; but they are bright spots which cheer us nnd help us onward through many a dark night." " Well, you are resolute, I suppose. You will go on helping strangers, and you will abandon me to my fate," » 1 do not abandon you. 1 will do any thing in my power to help you, short of sac rificing duty for your sake. I think you are very unwise to loiter here when you ought to be getting far away from England, losing your identity in a strange world. Y'our wife's relations will not be satisfied for ever without certain knowledge of her fate. An investigation may be set on foot at any moment and tho truth may be brought to light. Y'ou should be out of the way before that can happen." " I tell you I do not value my life unless you will share it. 1 would rather Btay here and clean windows than riot in luxury at the Antipodes." Madge answered nothing. She felt the hopelessness of the situation. He had chosen to come there and she had not denied him shelter. She liad taken upon herself in some wise the responsibility of his existence, since she had spoken of him to the sisters ; and now she felt that his presence there would be a constant source of anxiety and mental disturbance. She would have to be perpetually on her guard, for ever denying a love which was the strongest passion of lier life. It had been in her despair at re signing him that she had gene upon her mission to her mother. All that she had doue for others had been the off-shoot of her despairing love ior him. And now he offered himself to her in honor and she refused him. " If I give way to his fancy he will forget all the past and his repentance will become a mockery," she said to herself. " I cannot stand in £ he place of his dead wife. I can not profit by his crime. How could I ever he at peace, remembering that it was murder that set hnu free to be my hus- CHAl'TER XLIV.— " Is fiiEitE no Bala in gllead." The coroner was u purLlv gentleman of 05, who had luUilied all the duties of a general practitioner in Chadford aud the surrounding villages for upwards of 3d years, and who had retired on a comfortable fortune made partly by his profession, and partly by fortunate investments in modest little branches and loops of the great rail way system, which hail developed into im portant lines, lie had bought for himself un estate of 40 odd acres of excellent pasture land betwccu the Chad and tho shoulder of the moor, and lie bad built for himself one of those essentially Fhilistiue houses, ot the streaky, bacon order of architecture, which are the delight of men who make their fortunes iu country towns. Altogether, Mr. Mnplcson was a very worthy person ; and when the oihee of coroner became vacant his name appeared at the head of the poll. Mr. MaplesoiTs study was a small square apartment, furnished with red morocco-bound books of reference, a whip lack, and a formidable row of boots, which imparted an odour of Day and Martin to the atmosphere, into this somewhat prosaic chamber. Melnotte. otherwise Markhaiu, the detective, was ushered by the man-of-all Work, alius butler, ou the morning of the discovery iu tiie Abbey river ; and in the briefest phraseology he told what hiul hap pened, and his own conclusions therefrom. ' Vou think it is a case of muider," said Mr. Mapiesoii. biting the end of his pen. II cart be nothing else. There is a carpet rolied round tiie body, anil fastened witn a silk handkerchief. Nothing has been touched since the remains were lifted out of the water ; tiie colors in the carpet are dis tinguishable, and the string of silk round it is evidently a large neck handkerchief. There can be very little doubt that ke body was thrown into the water after death." " The remains are not in a condition to be identuied, I conclude." " No. Time and the river have doue their work of destruction only too well. There may be other means of identification, rings and trinkets of some kind. Tho remains have not beeu touched wore than was abso lutely necessary in carrying them from the river to the dead-house, where they are waiting for tiia medical examination." " Aud you are in a positiou to atlirm that this is the body of Mrs. Belfield?" " I am in a position to atlirm as much, and I hope to be able to prove by .cireumstautial evidence that her husband murdered her and threw her dead body into the river between midnight and morning on August ID. But I will not trouble you with auy further details. The inuuest, which you are to hold to-morrow, will, I hope, be adjourned so as to give time for investigation. All 1 have done hitherto lias been done in tho dark. Many more details will doubtless come to light when the fact of the murder has been made public." " l'our Lady Belfield," sighed the 'coroner. li Do you know that I had the honor of at tending the family at the Abbey for thirty years. 1 remember the present Lady Bel field when her husband brought lier home as a bride. She was a lovely womau then, She is a lovely woman now, lovely in mind as well as in person. This business will break her heart." t fear it will go hard with ber." " She adores her younger son. I have seen her agony when he has been laid up with s6cnu childish ailment. All her world was in that sick bed. And to see him accused of murder! Mr. Markham, if vqu are de luded, if you have not ample justification for tlje course you are taking, you will be much to blame. 44 My justification will be shown at the inquest. There must be an inquest." 4 Vos. that is inevitable. 1 wish, with all my heart, Mr. Markham, you hud never had that river drugged." " Then you would have had an undetected murderer in your midst." 4 Better that perhaps, than that a good woman's heart should be broken." it was a quality of Lady Beliield's cha racter to evoke strong sympathy from all who were brought in familiar contact with her. Mr. Melnotte had a fiy waiting for him at the coroner's door, and drove straight to the nearest magistrate, from whom, after an interview of some length, he obtained a warrant for the arrest of Valentine Belfield on a suspicion of murder. With the county magistral: c, as with the coroner, Melnotte fouud that sympathy with Lady Belfield was stronger than the abstract love of justice, lie only just succeeded in getting the warrant signed in time for hiiu to catch the next train for Kxetor. lie was at l'uddinpton at dusk, and went at once to the Great Western Hotel, where he inquired for Mr. Belfield. Nothing had been seen of that gentleman except his luggage. That had been brought by a Great Western porter two evenings before, witu an intimation that Mr. BeHield was coming ou to the hotel soon after ; but nothing more had been heard of him. Three large portmanteaux, a gun case, a roll of runs and coats, and u hat-box, marked V.B., were stacked in tho hall, pending the arrival of the owner. 44 Does Air. Belfield usually stay here when he comes to town ?" asked the detective. 44 Ves, for a night or two at a time. He is one of our old customers," replied the manager. Air. Melnotte was at fault. That Valen tine Belfield should have brought all that luggage to London and then left England without it, seemed unlikely. No purpose could have been served by bringing the lug gage unless for his use. To bring it to Lon don and abandon it at an hotel could iu no manner assist him in his flight, or tend to the mystification of his pursuers. The only explanation seemed that lie had left hia pro perty at the hotel while he remained in a state of uncertainty as to hia future course, lie might be knocking about London, hesitating us to whither he should beud his steps. That he was in hiding anywhere was un likely, since he could as yet have no more cause for fear than he had had at any time since the commission of his crime. Arguing with himself thus, Mr. Alelnotte supposed that he would have very little difliculty in putting his hand upon the missing man. He -went straight from the Great Western to Scotlaud Vanl, secured an assistant official, engaged a hansozn by the hour, aud started upon his quest. 44 London i3 a big place, Redway," he said, 44 but the big London is only au aggregate of little Londons . Each man has his own peculiar metropolis, which is generally no bigger than a moderate-sized country town. Now I take it that Mr. Beliield's London is bounded on the West by Tattersall's, and on the east by the Criterion, on the South by Pall Mall, and by Oxford-street on the North. If we don't find him within those limits we must look for him at Liverpool, Southampton or Ply mouth." This was on the way to the Badminton, where Mr. Alelnotte alighted and interviewed the porter. Mr. Belfield had not been seen there for six months. ' Not since Lord St. Austell's 'oss Post card lost the Great Ebor," said the porter, who dated most events by the 44 liacing Calendar." From the Badminton, Melnotte drove to the Argus, hard by. Here again Mr. Belfield had not been seen for mouths. Melnotte drove westward, and contrived to see one of the men at Tattersall's, though the yard was shut. No tidings of Air. Belfield. 44 That'll do for to-night, Rcdway," said Melnotte, considerably disconcerted. 44 I'll drive you back to the Yard, and then Pil go and diue and turn in for the night, If Air. Belfield had been knocking about town in an open, easy-going manner, I believe I should have heard of hira at one of those places. So I am disposed to think he has taken the alarm and is trying to get out of the country. I hardly think he can have got clear off yet, but I shall set the wires at work again before I eat my chop." Air. Melnotte did Bet the wires at work to a considerable extent, just before the closing of the chicfjtelegraph office. He telegraphed to all the ports from which a man seeking to escape from justice was likely to attempt a start and took measures to secure atteii' tion for the fugitive. (TO BE CONTINUED.") 