Sermon. FAITHFUL STEWARDSHIP. Obdination, Chkibt Church, Ballarat, December 19th, 1886. Sermon Preached, at the Pro- Cathedral, Ballarat, on the Fourth Sunday in Advent, by Rev. Canon Goodman. It is required in stewards that a man be found faithful. — 1 Cor. iv. 2. We are but too familiar in this colony with the losses sustained in consequence of unfaithful stewardship. A wealthy man goea home to England, leaving a well- trusted partner, or overseer, or manager, in charge of his affairs. He is away for eighteen months or more; he receives letters or telegrams from time to time, giving reports that all is prospering. He does not doubt the truth of these missives, or the integrity of his agent, but at last he returns in full confidence that all is right, and then comes the bitter experience that the Bteward is not found faithful. He has been grievously deceived, and It is remarkable that Christ's ministers are so often spoken of as stewards, and that in certain features of their stewardship there is so close a resemblance to the class of cases which I have described. The kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods. The agent, or loown tenens, is represented as taking a mean advantage of his lord's absence. My lord delay eth his coming; and the servant is warned that he may come in a day when he looketh not for him. Moreover, the duty of the person left in charge is to superintend the household, to give the portion of meat in due season, and as the diKOPo/xos to exercise a strict economy, and not to waste his lord's goods. In any business arrangement an employer would naturally seek for two qualifications in the person selected for the charge of his affairs. He must be able, and he must be faithful. A man may be faithful without being able, and then the employer escapes being robbed, but his business does not flourish; and the agent may be able without being faithful, in which case the profits may be large, but applied to his own advantage. St. Paul says nothing about the steward being .able, but he does require that he should be found faithful. I. Let me, then, remind you' that the Christian ministry is a stewardship. In reflecting on our Lord's own ministry on earth, you cannot fail to have been struck with its shortness. When you have listened thirty years to one minister occupying the same pulpit and in the same church, you have witnessed ten periods of ministry, each or. them the measure of that of our Lord. Three years only elapsed between His baptism at the Jordan and His sufferings of the cross. During those three years were wrought all His miracles of healing, all His works of mercy and love; during those three years His wondrous discourses, parables, and [conversations were sounded in the ears of men. Our Christianity, that has stood the test of nearly nineteen centuries, and has spread from land to land, and from continent to continent, sprang out of that three years' ministry. But it was not essential, that He should prolong His ministry. During those three short years He was preparing certain men to be His agents when He was gone. They were His ministers, stewards of His mysteries. To them it was given to know the mysteries of the kingdom, and before He left them he breathed on them, and said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' He made them feel the trust which He was reposing in them, the responsibility that would lest upon them ; and with all this He gave them strength for the execu tion of their work, and a gracious assurance that He would be with them alway, even unto the end of the world. It must have filled their minds with thankfulness and praise to be assured that the absence of the Master would be no hindrance to the progress of His kingdom. It would sound as a paradox when He said : 'He that believefch on Me, the works that I do shall he do also ; and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto My Father.' It is indeed a mystery of the kingdom that, by means of fallible men, the glad tidings should continue to be preached and souls to be gathered. ?' I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto Me.' The cross of Christ was to be the one magnet of attrac tion to a sin-stricken world ; but it must be lifted up. The invitation must be repeated; it must be echoed and re-echoed from land to land. A ministry of reconciliation must be organised, and men — weak, sinful men in themselves, but filled with the Holy Ghost — must be ambassadors for the exalted King, speak in Hia name, and represent His person. It is a high honour conferred upon a subject to represent his sovereign in a foreign court ; great is the dignity of one who goes in the Queen's name as her ambassador; but what shall be said of the dignity of that office conferred by the King of kings upon His servants, that they should be sent with His message, even with His proclamation of mercy and pardon ? Now, the dignity of an office is not its sole characteristic. Dignity implies responsi bility, and in the discharge as a steward of responsible duties it is required of a man that he be found faithful. ' II. I would here say a word about unfaithful stewards. Unfaithful ness in ministers commonly arises from entering the ministry from unworthy motives. There is much in the office that conduces to self-pleasing ; and if he who seeks it has not the love of Christ in his heart, as well as the good of souls and the spread of the kingdom, his motives will be faulty. Undoubtedly a minister gains at once a social position which he was perhaps unable to reach had he fol lowed secular pursuits. The worldly gain is not large, especially in this country, but in many instances it may exceed what would other wise have fallen to his lot. The parable of Matthew xxiv. puts the iworldliness of ministers in a strong light. The servant is saidj in J figurative language, to eat and drink with the drunken: I say figura ? tive, for we need not infer that actual intemperance is charged against a minister; but it means that he is worldly among the worldly — that his thoughts and aspirations, his tastes and recreations, are no higher than theirs. He himself and his family (according to the ordination service) are to be wholesome examples for the flock to ? follow. But what if his standard of piety is low 1 What if he follows Christ no more than they 1 How can he be doing his Master's work ? How can he be drawing them nearer to the Saviour? ; There are many young ministers who fail to realise the sacred office ! on which they have entered as a spiritual labour for Christ. They lack the will, and fail in the work of feeding the Lord's family. ? What is, in many cases, their resource ? They full back on the dignity of the office ; they claim reverence for their position which would never be due to their personal meritn; they begin to ' smite 'their fellow-servants,' and exalt themselves at their expense; they boast of the true commission; but these fellow-servants, whatever be their piety, or love of souls, or devotion to Christ's service, are to be ' set aside as unworthy of regard. An obvious effect of these low and inadequate motives is that there \ is no real love for the work — most likely habitual indolence and neglect. It is always possible to put on the appearance of fulfilling ? ministerial duties. I may refer to a well-known fact that in some of the old city parishes in London bequests have been left for special services. These have been, in certain instances, totally deserted. 'How, then, could the stipend be claimed? It was managed thus : 'The church bell was rung, the parish clerk attended, the verger ? unlocked the door, and the parish rector could be sent for if a con gregation appeared, which it never did. The legal claim was thus set up. Now, it is quite possible for churches to be opened and services read and sermons preached, and the whole parochial routine carried out and yet for there to be no spiritual life. There shall be a state of things little better than the attendance of a verger and parish clerk, with the ringing of a bell. And, besides ministerial negligence, there is too often a mischievous activity. It is a common thing to praise earnestness and zeal as if they covered every possible defect. If a minister preaches false doctrine, if he takes a false view of his office, no one is to be allowed to object because of his earnest ness 1 It is misdirected earnestness in the steward that wastes the master's goods, and when all is ruin and wreck it does little to alle viate the wrong done by pleading his intense activity. Those who, in legal phraseology, are termed ' criminous clerks,' ?? or, in our own, ' inefficient clergymen,' or, in the language of my text, 'unfaithful stewards,-! area source of unmeasured anxiety to the chief pastor of a diocese. Over-zealous parishioners exclaim against a clergyman under, whose incumbency for ten, fifteen/ or twenty years the cause of our Church may have languished. Why does the Bishop allow him to remain ? they ask, impatiently. Why .does he not send him out of the diocese, or get him to exchange with ? a more efficient man 'within, the diocese? But has any such power ever been placed in a Bishop's hands? Can these suggestions be 'carried out? Is exchange any benefit to the diocese at large? I know how Bishop Perry, forty years ago, spent large sums of money and wrote piles of letters in his efforts to improve the condition of: two parishes in those early days. All such experience shows that it is easy to establish an unworthy man in a pariah, but it is very difficult to get him out. So strongly is it required of a steward that he be found faithful that an ordination is fraught with intense anxiety to the faithful chief steward himself. He may lay hands inadvertently on an unfaithful man ; and even if the imposition of hands be not sudden, bub after much inquiry and examination and ? prayer, a man's sins and defects do no t always go before to j udgmen t, but may baffle the closest scrutiny, and thus an unfaithful steward finds his way into the household. Is this an exaggerated. description— a picture too highly coloured? That it is bub too true is what they, will readily admit who have seen much of the Church's inner work ing. Our gracious Master foresaw the intrusion of unfaithful stewards, the consequent wasting of His goods, arid hindrance of His kingdom. We may mourn that souls are left to perish, that ungod liness remains unchecked, that portions of the vineyard are given ? over to barrenness and desolation. There is indeed an urgent call. to, prayer,' especially in this Advent season, that the messengers may be of Christ's sending, and qualified to prepare His way. ? '. III. And now we may dismiss the painful side of this subject, and ; from the unfaithful steward turn to the faithful one. Iu worldly affairs faithfulness in a steward means fidelity to his employer's interests, an habitual determination toconduct his business as he would doithimself. , The unfaithful steward said: 'My Lord delay eth His coming.' The faithful one says : ' It matters not whether my Lord be heie or elsewhere ; at whatever time He come He shall find that His work is being done, His commands are being obeyed.' There is, then, in the. good steward faithfulness to Christ. What was the secret of the faithfulness of the apostles — of St. Peter, for example, or St. Paul? How was it that the devoted servant was able to address the chief priests and elders: 'Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye; for we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard?' We cannot but epeak ! He alleges a moral impossibility to do otherwise than fulfil the duties which, as a steward, had been imposed upon him. That last colloquy must have been running in his mind : ' Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou Me7 Feed My sheep 1' His own warmest affec tions had been appealed to; his noblest powers' had been enlisted* to pledge him to this work. We can never henceforth doubt the love to. Jesus that animated this disciple. He was impulsive, he was boastf uli' he was over-confident, but Mb love was sincere, and aa a 'pardoned - ra backslider, and one who had been restored by his gracious Master, he ma could not but desire to be faithful to his trust. And what is the ffl guarantee, we may ask, that any candidate for this holy office will be Hf faithful to the Master whom he is to serve ? It is that he is one who P| loves that Saviour who died for him upon the cross, who responds to Hg| his affectionate inquiries, who feels that he is commissioned to feed Wi the sheep, who has seen and heard these things in his inner life. A ma man may have abundant gifts, intellectual and otherwise ; he may Si have the power of ingratiating himself with the members of his fig flock ; he may be amiable, kind, and courteous. All these qualities W$ are desirable in a minister, and will help him in his ministry, but the g&j; primary question is whether he loves Christ as his Redeemer and HI Saviour, whether he follows him as his Lord and King. JH Then, again, in the faithful steward there is fidelity to the truth. Wb How jealously does our Church in the ordination service declare her 99 own estimate of the revealed truth of God, as containing all doctrine Hi necessary for eternal salvation through faith in Jesus Christ. How m earnestly would she insist on her ministers giving their faithful jB diligence to minister this doctrine as the,,Lord hath commanded, and B as the Church hath received the same. Fidelity to the revealed truth M of God, to Christ, the Great Revealer; fidelity in banishing all Si erroneous and Btrange doctrines contrary to God's Word 1 We cannot H mistake the attitude of the Church of England, amid the conflict of ffl opinion, the negations as well as the corruptions of the truth that M prevail in our day. It may be very hard for young men to be stead n fast amidst prevailing controversies, to hold one unswerving course & whilst disciples are turning back and walking no more with Jesus. It M is hard for them to maintain a clear view of God's written Word, H whilst many are loading its lessons with superstitions, and others S denying its authority; but the steward has to be faithful. He is B pledged to give the portion of meat in due season, and has no right 9 to mix with it unwholesome condiments. In carrying out that pledge 1 he is bound to show all good fidelity. 9 And this fidelity extends, be it remembered, to the Church of 1 which a man ia a minister. You who are about to be ordained this B day have made yourselves familiar with our incomparable service. 1 You have weighed well the vows you are required to make, and the I solemn address by which those vows are enforced. Yes, my friends, I you have fully realised that the trumpet of the Church of England I gives no uncertain sound. She is herself determined to be faithful i to her Lord, faithful to the truth, faithful in resisting every encroach - I xnent of error or superstition, of unbelief, or laxity of doctrine. I And you, in devoting yourselves to the ministry of the Church, 1 cannot but rejoice that your path is so well defined that as to the I word and doctrine you are left in no uncertain position. If you are I put in trust of a precious treasure you shall know what that treasure i is; if you are to give the portion of meat in due season you shall I know what to give and when to give it. It is a pitiable thing to see 1 a minister in conflict with his own Church, at variance with her I formularies, asking for more latitude of interpretation of her articles I of doctrine. It is the wisdom of the Church of England that she I takes her stand upon the Scripture, that she attaches infinitely less 1 ' importance to the opinions of men than to the revelation of God. I Let me warn you as good stewards to be faithful to the flock to which I each of you will be called to minister. Be prepared to go forth in a 1 spirit of love, and this will help you to a spirit of faithfulness. You I must not be scared by difficulties ; you must never allow yourselves I to think that they amongst whom you labour are exceptionally I ignorant or self-willed or impracticable. You have to be faithful to I them, winning them by love, teaching them with diligence, warning I them without impatience. I And now, you will say, how easy it is to describe what a minister I ought to be, to lay down the law that a steward must be faithful. J Who is sufficient for these things ? Remember that ordination is in I a lower sense the act of man ; it is in a sense far higher the act of j the Holy Ghost. You have the authority of the Holy Ghost, even as I Paul and Barnabas, when they were sent forth from Antioch. You j are permitted the gracious assurance that you go in the Saviour's I name. You have the help of the Holy Ghost in all your difficulties, I even as you have His teaching in the Word which you deliver. And I yon have the comfort of the Holy Ghost, enabling you to bear up under trials and disappointments that you may incur in your Master's cause. God grant that you may not receive this grace in vain, but that you may be steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord. ? 