A THRILLING STORY OF ADVEN- TURE BY SEA. company of old sea-captains were gathered at Linton's grocery awaiting the arrival of the mail during the late storm Each one in his turn told what he regarded Siulid^ yar a - ^ o n e » f tfe ° Id 1W ^TO a Wave once ° ff Cape of Good Hope. We were a scuddin' thewiml i„ a heavy gale. I was standin' aft when the 3 Could 808 lhe f t r f ? wave as high as the bowlin' crinkle of ihe fortop- seL" This roused the fourth T ^ sailor of the party, who, having J?! 0^ qu.d on the port side, related the ^ thrilling and wonderful incident • " In the year 1857 1 was in tiT Minstrel, homeward bound frnm T^^ij just off the Cape of G<iod Hote>2l occurred I shall never, forget f® 0 " 4^ days we had blowing Md gloom™^ and to add to tie gloom mj- s t L ^ taken crazy and I had him beW?^ I put in his place the cabiu-W lad, who had shipped with me' "jN" longed in Cleveland, 0. W e , k by the Cape, with wind sou'-tvlf lo, a gale. 1 was in mv room „„ t iiB breakfast about half-past heard the cry, « Man overboard ''• v° < know who have been on the water tt * when one of our little number eten, , so short a notice. Jlv Smt n. , •It is^therHan,%'f J orS t s t i^K superstition that when two broth E ' a ship but one will come home ali^ f « pn deck in an instant, bat even- in ** ship was there before me and' haflV 141 * overboard anything they thought v~ T?* 1 to save the man, but iUe3e ...„. advantage to a good swimmer ^ ' - hasten the drowning of a man whn ° ^ wn swim. o Otolirt " It appears that the cabin-bov h.j to the cook-house for the breakfw F*" ship at that unluckly momect into one of those heavy seas the deck and took him over th! 1 reached the deck in time to see him Sr quarter, and it seemed to me T ^IKf 8 * 1 " the ship fly through the water The boy was a brave, cool lad, and T^ could see he was battling manfnllv Jm?" , waves. NoboatcouldUve sH^r 46 "! 1 and there was but one chance in a ^ to save him, that was to feck „,„„ course this depended on the W„ i " above the waves. "To wear ro^VS bring the ship so far to fc'ww-Cf V?® that no human aid could save him -rf 5 was no time to think much so Im order, » Bout ship, every man to hiS^ Sailors, you know, are quick to fedT?' cases like this are quick to act of my ship, and felt she had but W ^ in her ^qualities, but being undcS sail and a high sea was very us. However, I watched for a smnnR« and, as if by magic, shecame around. I went up the mbsen L L ^ could see where the boy or his hiti. l the large flock of Cape pigeons fll^ him, as they do when anything is tt^l from the ship Being n o w ^ ^ f e him, we could shape our coursedhSf! him; but how to get near enough™a£ him in passing and not let the" ship tan was the next problem to solve. P standin on the rail and rmidin' .1- . , occurred to me that if the^ywas ^ could not hold on to a rop^ int r ^ him, so I ordered a number of men to™S ovj the side secured by strons fastenai to the mast lashed to thelak^ the ship You know, Mr. Luton fe merchantmen always cany spais hsS 1 securely to the side; so I ho^ these tf j could catch him as the ship p " l eSS ->ice, « W don't yo^ ^ him, and they knew from the way 1 aid it I meant it. He was now drawufg « and the ship flymg over the water iv man m the fore chain missed him, then fe next man and the next, and an audible t™, ! went up from every one. The fourth m» i rn the mizzen chains, was a strong, brf* fellow, and with my heart in my tbrjl j 1 saw him place bis feet against the ship's aJe and push himself off from the ship ins; „ the boy came up on a wave. 'Saved' hurrahed the men, as they lunled lumm board. Now you know it took a deal i strength for that young man to catch ai hold the boy as fast as the ship was cciir through the water. The boy after pfn™ ou deck shook himself and quietly remarked 1 declare, I've lost my hat' A ten mi straw hat he had bought in Penang. " I busied myself the next quarto of n hour in getting the ship round and m course again, and saw that cveryihir rss snug, when up came the boy aoi aid, 'Breakfast is ready, sir.' I was astmi&A; I supposed the boy, who had hen a the-water near an hour, was in ek-p s the officers below, rolling him ou a lag to get the water out of him and jibing him with flannels, and for a wsk would require careful nursing. " At breakfast I asked hiiu trhv he sua away from the ship. He, said "'I found I had to swim before the sea to keep fan beuig rolled over, and when the big mre approached I dived through them.' 'Hi you suppose we could get you :' ' No ! ta I wits determined to keep above water 1 long as my strength lasted.' 'Hownarl did the birds come to you !' 'So near I had to light them off, and scream to let than know I was alive. One sassy fellow am near picking a hole in my face.' " Mrs. Gordon Baillie, a Scotch ladv, sin has taken a philanthropic interest 'in tie misfortunes of the Skye croftcra, anil i: making a tonr of the colonics with • viewto their emigration and settlement in tit southern hemisphere, is at present on a tist to Melbourne. Mrs. Baillie waited on tie Minister of Lands on Fridav to sccure abort 45,000 acres of land forming part of tie peninsula between Corner Inlet and Baa' Straits, which she regards as more suitable for the Skye crofters than any avaMt land in New Zealand, through which coky she has recently travelled. The numem little bays and coves would afford the necessary facilities for the fishermen. 33s land is described in the records of the department as veiy poor and scruhbv. It was held under lease by a pastoral tenant, who found it too barren for the pasturage ef sheep or stock, and gave it up. Since tta the land is staying idle, and yielding » revenue to the State. Mrs. Baillie proposa . to take it up in her own name, under» pastoral lease, which may be issued for nij period not exceeding 14 years. It is proposed, Mrs. Baillie states, to bring ont 01® 1000 of the Skye crofters and settle them on the land, and she desires to make artanfSmcnts whereby each of the crofters nu? secure a freehold of his own. It was pointed out that when the Great Southern KataT line is opened as far as Foster the nw settlers would be able to send a daily supply of fresh fish to Melbourne. A fisb-cnral establishment is to be provided for the purpose of preserving the fish canfht b excess of the quantity required for thefiri fish market Sir. Dow suggested that lln. Baillie should put her application in writing, and he promised to give it his careftJ consideration. There is a good old story told in Spun, that runs somewhat to this effect: -lbs* was a certain man who was gifted with » very peculiar kind of second sight, wiii was this : when he went to a doctor's, be could see outside the door the ghosts of those patients that had been attended I? the doctor who had died during that tii£ One day I10 himself fell ill, and it bed® necessary that he should seek the assistance of a physician; so he started out to find ti» best one he could. He visited the houses of all the medical men who were supposed to be the] cleverest in the town, bnt fa® 1 all their doorways so blocked up, as it vet, with ghosts, that he did not like to go in- After travelling all the princ pal streets, and not finding a single doctor whom be thought he could trust be at last tnnwl into a side- turning, and outside the house m a seemingly very insignificant doctor, saw only one little w hite ghost glimmcrfe; therefore, thinking he must be a veiy clei« doctor who had only killed one person. te went into the house and was attended to If the doctor. As he was leaving, the doctor said to hitn—" I cannot think who recommended you to come to an insignificant like myself, seeing that during the «'l" llf time I have practised, I have only had one patient, and I am quite sure that lie <M 001 tell you." You Can UE Hapi'V if you will stop all J T,DT doctoring yourself and families with es.™ 3 ™ doctors or cure-alls that do only harm, and Nature's simple remedies for all your sita® u you will be well and happy and save great penseL The greatest remedy for th'-S ® the great wise, aud good will tell you, is ^ Co's Hop Bitters. 