fratcs autt tUctchcs. [KOW F1SST PUBLISHED.] UNDER FAI£E PRETENCES. A NOTEL. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'Martin Deve ril'a Diamond,' &c.; Chaptee XXXL— (Continued.) Hugo could Dot stifle a qoicb catching of his breath. Did Dino mean what he said ? And what effect would this decision have upon the lives of the many persons whose future aeemed to be bound up with his ? What would Mrs. Lnttrellmy? At first ehe said. nothing. And then Dino'a voice was heard again. ** Mother, my mother, do not look at me like that. I mast follow ray vocation. I would have given myself years ago, but I was not allowed. The Prior will receive me now. And nothing on earth will turn me from my resolution. I have made up my mind.' ' What !' said Mrs. Lnttrell. very slowly. ' Yon will desert me too, after all these years !' Dino answered by repeating in Latin the words — ' He that loreth father or mother more than me, is not worthy of me.' But Mrs. Lnttrell interrupted him angrily. 'I want none of your Latin gibberish,' she said. ' I want plain common sense. If you go into a monastery, do you intend to give the property to the monks? Perhaps you want to turn Netherglen into a convent, and establish a priory at Strathleclde ? Well, I cannot prevent you. What fools we are to think that there is any happiness in this world !' ' Mother!1 said Dino, and his voice was very gentle, ' let me speak to you of another before we talk about the estates. Let me speak to you of Brian. ' ' Brian !' Her voice had a checked tone for a moment ; then she recovered herself and spoke in her usual harsh way. ' I know no one of that name but yon.' ** I mean my friend whom you thought to be your son for so many years, motiier. Have you no tenderness for him ? Do you not think of him with a little love-and pity ? Let me tell you what he sufiered. When he came to us first at San Stefa.no he was nearly dying «if grief. It was long before we nursed him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot but believe that yon must lave him too.' 'I never loved him,' said Mrs. Lnttrell. »* He stood in your place. If yon had a spark oi proper pride in you, you would know that he was your enemy, and you will feel towards himasldo.' 'He is an enemy that I have learned to love,' answered Dino. ' At any rate, mother' — his voice always softened when he called her by that name — ' at any rate, you will try to love him now.' 'Why vouf She asked the question sharply. ' because I mean him to fill my place.' There was a little silence, in which the fall of a cinder from the grate could be distinctly heard. Then Mrs. Lnttrell uttered a. long, low moan. 'Oh, my God !'shesaid. 'What have I done that I should be tormented in this way?' ' Mother, mother, do not say so,' said Dino, evidently with deep emotion. Then, in a lower and more earnest voice, he added — ' Perhaps if you bad tried to love Hie child that Vincenm placed within your arms that day, yon would have felt joy, and not sorrow 'Do you dare to rebuke your rao&er;?' said Mrs. Luttrell fiercely. ' If I had loved that child, I would never have acknowledged you to-day. Not though all the witnesses in the world swore to your story.' ' That perhaps would have been the better for me,' said Dino softly. ' Mother, I am going away from you for ever ; let roe leave you another son. He has never grieved yon willingly ; forjrive him for those misfortunes which he could not help ; love him infft^M-l ol me.' ' Never !' ' He has gone to the other side of the world, but I think he would come back if he knew that you had need of him. Let me send master of Ketherglen and let me go in peace. ' 'I will not bar his name. I will not tolerate bis presence within these vails/' cried Mrs. Lattrell passionately. 'He was never dear to me, never ; and he is hateful to bis hand struck Richard down, and for twenty-three years he usurped your place. I will never see him again. I will never forgive him so Ions as my tongue can speak.' 'Then may God forgive you,' said Dino, doing a. worse injustice, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried to held that child upon yonr knee, kissed his fa.ee, and seen, him grow up to manhood, without a particle of love for him in your heart ? Did you send him away from you with bitter reproaches, because of the accident which he wonld have give a his own life to prevent ? Vou have spoilt his life, and you do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not let that hardness go unpunished. Mother, pray that his judgements may not descend upon you for this.' ' You have no right to talk to me in that ?way,' Bai4 Mrs. Lutfcrell, -with a great effort. ** I have not been unjust. You are un grateful. If you go away from me, I will leave all thatl possess* to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian as you call him — Vincenz* Vaaari'e eon — shall have nothing.' *' And Brian is to be disinherited in favour of Hngo Luttrell, is he ?' eaid Dino, in a BtiU lower voice, but one which the listener Celt instinctively bad a dangerous sound. 'Do you know what manner of man this Hugo Lattrell is, that yon wish to enrich him with your wealth, and make him the master of Netherglen V ** I know no harm of him,' she answered. He paused a little and turned his face— was it consciously or unconsciously * — towards the open door, from which could be seen the screen, behind which the unhappy listener crouched and quivered in agony of fear. Willingly wodld Hugo have turned and fled, bat flight was now impossible. The 6 re was blazing brightly, and threw a red glow over aU the room. If he emerged from behind the screen, his figure would be distinctly visible to Dino, whese face was turned in that direction. What was he going to say ? ** I know no harm of him,' she answered. ' Then I will enlighten you. Hugo Luttrell knew that Brian was alive, that I was in England, two months ago. A letter from the Prior of San Stefauo must have been in some way intercepted by him ; he made use of his knowledge, however he obtained it, to bring the messages from Brian which were utterly false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim on you ; he forced a letter from Brian for that purpose ; and finally ? ' Mrs. Luttrell s voice, harsh and strident with emotion* against which she did her best to fight, broke the sadden silence. 'Do you call it fair and right,' she said, ** to accuse a ma^ of such faults us these behind his back? If you want to tell me anything against Hugo, send for him and tell it to me in bis presence. Then he can, defend himself.' ' He will try to defend himself, no doubt,' eaid Dino. with a note of melancholy scorn in his grave, young voice. ' Bat I will do nothing behind bis back. You -wish hfo to be summoned ?' ' Ves, I do. Ring the bell instantly !' cried Kirs, Luttrell, whose loving ardour seemed to bare given way to the most unmitigated resentment, 'Tell the servants to find him and bring him here.' 'They would not have far to go,' said Dino coolly. 'He is close to hand. Hugo Lattrell, come here and answer for yourself.' 'What do you mean? Where is he?' exclaimed Mrs. Luttrell, struck with his tone of command. ' He is not in this room !' ' No, but be is in the next, hiding behind that screen. He has been there for the last half-hour. You need play the spy no longer, sir. Have you goodness to step forward and snow yourself.'1 The inexorable sternness of his voice strnck the listeners with amaze. Pale as a ghost, trembling like an aspen, leaf Hugo emerged from tuB hiding -place and confronted the mother and the son. 