WARDS OR NO WARDS A public meeting was held in the Prah- ran Town Hall, on Thursday evening last, called by the mayor in response to a re- quisition asking him to afford the rate- payer's an opportunity of discussing the advisability or otherwise of dividing the city, into wards. The mayor (Cr R. A. Forbes) occupied the chair, and upon the platform were most of the councillors and many leading citizens. The Mayor having stated the object of, the meeting, expressed the hope that those present would discuss the question in a friendly manner, so that the importance of the subject would not be lost; sight of. It was one of the most momentous questions that had come before them for a considerable time. Mr. E. J. Dixon, having been called to, move the first resolution, said that before a departure of the nature pro- posed was taken, it was wise to consider whether they would be justified in making the change. A requisition containing the legal number of signatures had, it was, said been presented to the Minister of Public Works but he had been unable to learn any tangible reason why there should be sub-division. It would be most, injudicious to, divide the city into wards without very good reasons for so doing. Under the provisions of the Local Government Bill, first intro- duced by Sir Andrew Clarke over thirty years ago Prahran had emerged from a wilderness into her present proud position on a shilling rate, and strong reasons were required for departing from a system which had worked so well in the past. NoSplce,;which onjoyed,the boon of, self government, had, progressed so rapidly as Prahran, and yet;this had been, achieved withouti sub-division. ' As 'far as he. was aware, no> public agitation', had ' taken place, the questioidhad notibeen: publicly discussed?, neither; -hadl it ever; been .men-' tioned "at ' an nAugust, election.: ~ "It!was only.fairthat theiratepayers;,should, have an opportunity.. of considering the, ques lion. Or.. Crews :would, tell them that uinder. the .prpsent' system Chapel-street had been' converted from a swamp into, a splendid. thoroughfare., He asked, if. Cr. Crews. had at anytime taken the .public ilatform and,shown the advantages to be derived 'from dividing the city into wards It was impossible toget a, corporate -body that woild -give entire, satisfaction to- the whole ,of the, ratepayers; - He did, not ap prove of overytact the,Council had done; yet hle believed.that.thoyhad endeavoured to do the best for the district. , Why was a change desired? (A voice: " To' meet the. times.,). >'The, gentleman ,who made tihat renmarkl was inwfavor. of' federation, and' had. taken. part in .the movement .to b'ring that .'abpout., .,8qIpose the city were divided into wards let themp consider. the eff'ectof such division. (A voice : "' We should , have equ ." ,ghts.~). ,:At :.the present tima eyery electorchad the. right to: vote for threei, mpnbers for the whole district, .but,ift a divisiontook place, they vould' ob' themselves of.jthree-fourths.of t'heyoting.powpr 'they at, presont pos ?ssed.e.~ Ho had heard;privatelythat some gentlemen were, in favour: of, the ward system ;ierely because,,they thought. that under, it .they would, have: a.," better chance of, eleption.,than ;they: now, had. It was; said. that it cost toop much to obtain,, a seat, in the council under the present system.. But the real. secret - was one of fitness for ;the position. His first election to the. Proraan council cost, him £27, the second, time he was "returned it cost him a £5 note, and the third time' the cost of two cabs for half' a day.' Wards were certainly advantageous in large cities,, b -it that ?as.not the case in a city like P'ahran. ', It had been said, that, !Mel bourne made excellent progress with wards. It should, however, be remembered that 'Melbourne and Geelong were under a special act, and a different system obtained. It was mean and contemptible for men living in the centre of Prahran to say that ;they did not get every shilling of their rates,expended in their;particular locality. I~the city weredivided;as suggested, half the rates collectqd iu each of them would have,.to be expended in them; and that would be simplydisastrois .to the sparsely, ,populated',plrts f the city..,, He would hbe wanting in ,is dutyto Prahran if he did' not raise. his.voice, against what' he con sidered, to be prejudicial, to . the best interests of the. city. ; (Hear, hear.) , Ha mhoved t e "That, in the opinion- of this meeting, the attempt now.being maide to divide the city into wavrds woirld be prejddicial't5o its' best interests, and ive pledge ourselves to:use every 'legitimate effort to oppose the same.": a. SMr'E.Stabbb deco6idedthe. motion. : He was one of the oldest residents of the cityi and !i"onsidered ,.that the present system worked?pllU ':.He:'did not like the manner in which the petition for dividing the o'ity into .wards had ,been 'got -up-: He.con sidered:it!had been done in an unfair man ner:,; rhe most! ardent supporter::in the present movement (OrCrews) had' opposed division 25 years ago. Mr Jamdes Munro?o M.LA;, said he, had an!amendment to propose, which was as fdllowsid -:d I t. .e ! ... 0 Thatl:it is expedient to'.dividc the city 'iito four wards-No. 1; Windsor ; No. 2, South Yarra; No.3, Tooraml; No.;, Armadalo. That Williams. road?: id Lomnsercial-road hb thc;dividing lines udtwcin thoes wards." SHe said'heiwas'glad` aii opp]ortnity had been giveni to disouss the question, He had been' a ratepayer in the district for over 30 yioarsr before Mr E . . Dixonkunew the geography 'of' Prairan- and tdeme bired a similxr movementiie eario ago. The petitioi had been ref£rred to as hay ingterei got pii t in aTdic indti rndi way hut nast llad been sauigp i th upwatxile ofr. onifooiirthl 6fdrt ii te tpay.rs, anid was ti oiented~d in ac ldasieii:t. rivtht ilaw, he scutyoyg sawihow,'this ajplied. Ho :lived iu thbe ttabue ie'et to'dpivrtid iiof tthecity h4bad'peiit. re dit nis Aiipid olio £70 iats iniiahlt lr;' add he was third t hat 'tle aihoiidio! Wif rotee pd there'?ivas')notisp8t 'in'thie .disti6t.' He hadoen living onth Bouiiii dary oad.for been utrnd innmking tle foio tli thero. Thdt'was ý idnot fdr, troeatet;':n aind: as' they ddiuld'hot got juiit'sot ?atmeint, the'esth'iiig' to' donelvd'vbuld ie to'' divide'into wards. Ifthis divini6hwore `refused, 'itiwould not b'pp , lible'topeovent Eastr ?aican asking !fo'e'i sepitidon. "'Ho idid'not woint toi no' othercourse- o U h O'en :. As it v'dh West Pirblii nti ktpt all the money to utseif-(h.o, io)4-aitnd'if they 'ept =on that way .Mnieip'iHt' gage;>irelifon p?' 'ding for wailltlý&tI; iidfpe'th `an excelllent 'eystei woild lib to' iitp tth'e i''spal `dieriett as thlidiisi He- lheved that ths ]oiuld' inghft 'th th hes df all, and they caluld hnt8ebts'of theIablh ~district: had been re epte& tfo t Minister o Public Works, andhad gone- to -great: paina.,to; explain; thp advantages 'to be' derived from having the city divided into wards. He maintiined' that the 2000 signatures his; party had oob~ained: wert .entitled to respect' -they had been ob tained in a fair and equitable 'manner. The term "hole and corner" had been applied to their meetings? but he deniedi that 'such was the cdse. Te 'matter had 'been 'before the ratepayoers forminonths, anid he challenged anyone to say th'ey had goneo. about the matter with any secrosy. All that was wanted vas fairplay; and if the rTiteayers' declared or woards the' 'shduldlhavoeit." ,' - Or. G:,W. Taylor shpiported the ziotion and daid that'as 'reference hid been hiade to him and Or Bowin, it was"only fair: .that :i~e 'eshouldl be !allowed" tob mEaki a' statement;. He then 'read ?al' statenmenit of: the eipeonditure of thhcouincil onb the easit sidetof Prahran,i which ishowed that worl?s costing a considerable "amount were either finishedor inicours9 ldf const.iictiodi The eastern: part iwas the .least built dni- and the couincil had done 'll it' e uld' to foster it.. :-Although, his interests lay' there, he had: done all;'he: cotul'.'to advocate ,the wants of otherportioni of the iinicipality, and' for.all the- coucillbrsihte co uldsay: they had acted: as taen of business in dealing ivith 'the affai s-of the ratepayers. 'It ,was true that for ,:mpny • years the east had:contributed towad s the improveiuent~ of the centre and west, 'and it behoved 'the: two. last, "now' that 'a.l' their' clainms were. satisfied,..to see the: frst were properly trdatedi Howeverl was?vsei'tirely agaiiist the division of the city into Wards.:- The?r was no .othei distric? in Victoria' out of Melbourno which had quiilld in iny way -the progress mhde by Purahreý, vwhich' now was the second city.'. ih thie?dolony÷ ""' Was it well to:kicl away the'ladder by'which so muhli had been done,;or politic to ado'pt now s-plan of which nothing was Iknowln, or likely: 'that repre entaition' would ehi better, at the council? li 'was sure not. -He thouight.a meeting;l of. the ratepayers should' have 'been celled to, discuss the question before the'petition 'ad been' pre pared.:. :He held Palar3i intrest 'ii Prth ran, and was sure that it, as, well' ifs thiat of others,- would' suffe? if atiy splitting into fractions took :place.:' I efering again to the petition,- there were" mdny who had signed' it under false _etencs:. 'If sever pnce. took .placre thl'?e -.ty would .desceid from a city ito a town, s.ndfrdm -a town to a borough, which:hwouild have'l? bad effedt on the value of.ptrdpertt;. If the city-was divided into wardsait wpuld be the biggest blou.Prahran had ever had:. He thlerefore asked,i all, to: sign': the" petition. 'igainist wards. I Mr "I. Packer fesired to contradict the statement: that:had gohe 'foith that they had gqne about the natter -n the dark. He' made no.,secret of his support to the proposition. ;to .,divie the city into wards,' becauwse it. tvs .the only ..way to, check ,the extravagance: which lad characterised the actions of many of the coincillors. .(Yells.) -Another reason was, that, most : of, thee couhcillors had ibusiness in town, and; had no. time 'to attend' to the wants of the city.; :With the 'city divided. into wards tihis state of things would .be easy of remedy. .(Hear, hear.) The expense of securing: election to a seat at the council table was now so great that it . deterred many eligible men from coming forward. .(Laughter.) Pralnran "had assume' such dimensions ,that- it, could not be gproperly governed unless-, divided into wards.1 For these reasons he supported tio amendment. . r ohn Parry said he thr6w down the :gigautlet and demanded fair, lay. There were many like hini who had been kept :in the dark concerning the matter. It seemed, to,,him ,thatMr Mr.unro had not comprehended the objet of the meeting, but simply came there t? air his own- per sofial grievances. i'.e .had had-some :experience in.connectipo?nwith wards, and gavo it as his pinion that It simply re duced councillors to loal dlegates, and: had a tendencyto creatp jobbery. Whilst with united representation it Was'impossi ble. If the city: werel diviaed into four 1wards; there would be, say, 1,500 in each ward,: and instead of 'a ratepayer being. able to claim work-from. eve, councillor, Ile could only look for assistance to those representing his j~aoilceioc section. Muni 'cipal offiers all over :the 'colony were of opinion that waids were not an advantage. Or Jolun Tdiner supported' the motion, as-he 'did nbotthink it would be right for him to keep silence on such an important question. .' :.' ' Mr H;:Furneaix:the' cainoi'forwaird to read:a .telegram jiust received from: the town-clerk diat Collilngvood,' who 'said, "Wards ines very sensee an'advantage." SMr, G. Young supportd' theainendmlent, as proposed by Mr Ml~tiro, as he considered wards would-be , great boon! - ' ' Or Muntz'asked elie`.anting to consisder the effect of the 'diviio~i'of ~the city iuto wards 'as suggested by Mr' Miuni. .'The rates of each' ward ??d flld b''sporit in each': wird, this setting the wealthy ieost portion of the city against'the east to' its disadviiftage.: "He"doulited whether the movement had been initialted in. tliohe interestA", bf Priihridt: " r Heath had said that:hlie had dvon:' the iatepaybrs' good .reasons' for' oobtiiing their signa tures, but he had ,ot t ve;:'the meeting' that night one of thelt.: ,Ci'?Crewrs was at the bottom of theliiivemenit. ' Or, 'Crei' s aid ihe should no. ahlve, attenipted to addess the .'meetin hd' not other 'counBillors 'hppoard upon the scene. It was a-question only for the ratepayers.= A' :g'readealaliad been said thfint nightwith ,arview of ~atohing. votes.: Th? plhid question was,. ould the, sub division of, the ityin.toward? , be bne ficial' ?"'If 'diiect reeiresentation was not beiiefioial'ih'd did iot know "hlat' was. Ho'W *'il et' but aut little secret, which 'its thit if "tli dibisien .'of 'hie'dity iito wards .wis iaccomeliedl all the counicil loir would baed ; to Bek re- o ectiou 'next August; and Thp''were afraid ,theywduld' not be returiined to the council thsuathey would be' deprived'df'o" the p?eleuvd of spending the money obtined :by their grand loan .sohoenb,' hich, by. thoa" vay, had died- a i:natural 'death on onday night.last. '?Its:death ha14 been 'attibhutd to some info6mi?lifj ii tio: coudpds, biut the ireal facts"weoothat d th h plan's' ind specificatgone of the pro?o6sd worke'ihad not. been laid oiienth:table fQrg i?doth' ih compliance 'witlh' t?e "prioyiiocs of' the' Local 'Government"',me A "t IIHad n'thdis step bean taken he wouk xhave issued , tion. the argunments sdby ?s ?_the, pebgrs-:rQ . had'?u?.e Iuiao:: , a?-tl. w hbe~rd asii~i ood reason-either from Or Orewe or Mr Munro why thejol1y should be out up as proposed. Or Crows had 6bl lharped(u4oA the loan, £ mbliject they' had not met to discuse, forit i?was sttled? monthseago. by Crews'sregiment of; 200. M?Mrunrp had only aired a personal griev ance about the planting of trees, etc., about his -own property' at Armadale, and had unfortunately: letdrop the assertionuthat if he could not- get. wards he would have oseverande., Or .: rews had been defeated in a. fair open fight, and out of reaenge ha4..resorted to this move to attain his ends. He would. let them into anothler secret,' which was that Ors Crews and Hole's .term. of office, would. expire, next August-; and, unless they, obtained wards they knewifull well that they would, not have the slightest shadow of a show; or, a; ghost; of. .a chance; of being,:re-elected. (Cheers and.cdunter cheers ) :: - : The mayor then put the ammendmht, to the meeting,r?nd declared it: carriied, the numbers (or and :against being set. down at,.73and 63 :respectively: .:-. ' On the moti6nrof :M-r: Munro, seconded by Mr G. Young, it was decided to forward the.amendment as carried to the' Minister idPublic Works. -. ," , : A: fter a vote of thanks to the'inayor for presiding, thle neeting~terminatedl 