BEVENGE. I haveservedtn the French ar my (as surgeon), and saorebleu !' I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being topase unavenged It was in the Tyrol last year while wandering through that picturesque country I Irequently encoun- tered two ladies-one elderly, the other a widow -^-charming, petite, 'spirituelle*-Adrienne Í. At astwe found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to tho fair widow's charms-she was so sympathetic, ,so vivacious, yet with all that* savoir faire' of ex- perience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lines ! What masses of magnificent tresses ! Whit perfect rows ef ivory her ebra! lipped smiitt permitted: ns to seel What healthful bloom th«mountain air and exercise had lent to her cheek!-Tés, I would propose that evening. That night I went up to dress for dinner an important ba uaess with me. and one requir ing time I had arranged in the uiorabe. with the maître d'hotel to change'my room for one' with amore southerly aspect; but when thad climbed to the first floor (ho slight exercise!) where my new apartment was located, I found I could not recollect the number A little reflection, however, made me decide it was No. 18, but to make certain I listened for a moment ¡j at the door-alt was still within-I turned the -j handle softly and entered. Horror! who was, thiaP Asleep, on a fauteil, lay the ghost of Adrienne! Adrienne? Yes, but Adrienne j transfigured Haggard, nearly bald, with cheeks i falling in on the toothless gams, the outlines of! her figure (she hadlaid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshab Ile-a, ky figure waiting tobe tranBformedbyher maid i into my Adrienne-waiting to be made into my ; decoy-but I would be revenged 1 ' Not sapping to hunt up my room now, I \ descended hastily to the ealoan, where 1 found moat of the guebtsat the hotel waiting for the dinner gong I caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struok me-I smiled The house happened to be full just then of a very fashionable company ; the ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a certain countess whowas especially Adrienne's rival in this respect Ah! I would shame her before them all; I would give hera lesson under her rival's eyes-she should learn not to trifle with honest affection* I am a mesmerist. My will is iron I sat apart and turning my eyes from those present, put all my will force into action One-two three-four minutée and there was a footstep outside the door-the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared-yes, precisely as I had seen her a few minutes before ! The whole roomful of listless guests rose a« if simultaneous ly galvanised-the ladies shrieked 'a ghost!' but Adrienne still advanced quietly toward me in her magnetio trance Under cover of offering her a chair I made the releasing passes with my hand-she awoke-gave one glauco round , the staring company, and the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and with à wild scream sank a fainting heap-on the floor. I was revenged ! # # # » * The same night I thought I heard someone movingabout my room and found.the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent spring fitting set of teeth hod been stolen from my room Aa my valet was in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could move out of bed Adrienne hod left the house that night but not without retaliating.-San Francisco News Letter. 