O~ lEO COUN'I'TY COUR'T. TrensuaD , 20th OCTOBER. (Before His Honor Judgo Hamilton.) (PROM[ OUR OWYN CORRESPOsDENT.) Bilton v. Johnson, malicious prose cution, £250 damnges.-Mr. Macarthur (instructed by Mr. Sandford) for plain tiff, Mr. Irvinoe (instructed by AIr. Stuart) for the defendant.--Mr. Mac arthur : Joseph Bilton sues for damages, alleging that the defendant maliciously prosecuted him at the Court of Petty Sessions, Omeo, for feloniously stealing certain deeds.--Mr. Irvine : The defence is a complete denial of the allegation. Joseph Bilton deposed : Am a store. keeper and plaintiff in this action, had a partnership agreement with Mr. John son, I to find premises and manage ment, and Johnson goods to £500, profits to be divided. The arrangement was soon broken off, and I agreed to pay him £495 for his share. Gave him bills for amount, and title deeds as security. I started business in Omeo near Johnson, and a few weeks after paid up my account with Johnson, and asked for title deeds. He said ,his solicitor in Meolbourne had them, but he would send for them. Next time I saw him hlie had not got them. I called again in August, and he gave me the deeds. We then dis?ussedna.private .ccount for rent and insurance, about which we disputed. Hosaid "giva'.me hack those deeds." JI 'refused. He called Tom to witness that heodemanded amek the deeds. I then left,the store. Next time 'I sawJohnson he threatened to put me in 'the' logs. Subsequently I was served with a summons, appeared ,at police court, and was acquitted. Cross examined by Mr. Irvine: The deeds .ere given as security for partnership account.-Mfr. Easton : :Am: 'a J.P. Know Johnson and Bilton. Johnson swore an information against Bilton as produced, and I issued a summons at Johnson's request and. sat on bench when case was heard, and dismissed it. -Cross-examined by Mr. Irviie : Mr. Johnson explained the matter;to me, and asked advice, and I asked him to consult a solicitor.-Mr.. Creelman: Am clerk of courts at Omeo. (Pro iuced record of case alluded to).-.Mrs. Bilton : I am wife of plaintiff. Re member Mr. Johnson coming over to the house. Johnson acknowledged giving the deeds to Bilton. I said you ask them back again, he replying 'There only his word and mine for that."-For the defence Mr. Irvine said this was extremely complicated. The plaintiff must prove .that a charge was made, and it was made maliciously and that he was acquitted.-E. J. John son: Am the defendant in this action. Bilton's deeds were left with me as security for partnership and private accounts. In May he came to settle accounts. Partnership account was nettled. Told him deeds were in town. He said, " I will settle private account when you get the deeds." He came over in August and took the deeds. He took them of the table and put them in lis pocket. Idid not give them to him. I demanded the deeds, but he refused o give them up. Called Toma to witness the demand. Bilton left.-Thos. John son : Remember the day that Bilton ook the deeds. Mr. Bilton walked to wards time door. Mr. Johnson called ne to witness that Bilton took thedeeds. -Mr. Irvine, for the defence, delivered as eloquent address to the jury, in which to pointed out the unreasonable and unjustifiable conduct of Johnson in treating Bilton as a common thief. He :ould not have believed that Bilton was acommon thief, and that he was taking away the deeds, knowing they were not lis property. The counsel for the defence had admitted that they had modified their opinion since Bilton was branded as a thief, and now they were willing to say that the plaintiff was not so great a thief as they then thought he was. This was an extraordinary altera tion of opinion, that, perhaps, could be understood if any new facts had been disclosed. But no new facts had been disclosed, and there was nothing to justify Johnson in saying there was. If it had not been for documentary evi dence he had, Jolnson was prepared to wrongly swear away Bilton's liberty. That was the kind of man Johnson wa=. If Johnson had a spark of manly decent feeling ihe would have publicly apolo gised to Bilton long ago, and offered him some compensation in money. But Johnson was not that kind of man. The learned counsel, in concluding an able address, claimed substantial damages for his client. His Honor Mr. Gill's. When plaintiff returned Walker met him, and was very angry, and wanted to give him in charge to a policeman for stealing his horses and buggy. Weekes told the policeman that hlie had been instructed by Mrs. Walker to drive to Gills, and the police refused to take him in charge. Next day Walker obtained a summons, which was served on Weekes for stealing his horses and buggy. Several persons had tried to dissade Walker from taking action. 1 he case came before the police court and was dismissed, Walker not appearing to prosecute.-A. G. Weekes deposed : Am a licoensed sur summed up strongly in favor of the plaintiff, and stated that Jolhnson had not the ghost of a shadow of a cause for instituting the original pro rceedings to the police court. What tlhe jinry had to consider was Jolhnson's motive. Was it from the pure desire to bring Bilton to justice as a thief, or from somne other motive. The jury re tired, and gave a verdict for plaintiff for £10C. Weekes v. Walker, £250 damannges, for malicious prosecution. Mr. Irvine for plaintiff, and Mr. Macartlhur for defendant. It appeared that in March last, at the Omeo annual races, dehen dlant had told plaintiff that lie intendled to go to Gill's at tihe Omeuo Pllains that night. After the races plaintif l'dtrovo Mrs. Walker and somae othler ladioe to veyor, aud was emlnhyed by Mlr. VWalker oi Masrch 18. I met hire. Woaller and Misis Gill, and drove tlheur in delfendant's tuggy to Mr. Gill's, shout a mil,, from tlh Omaeoo crnooourse, I took the hoars ia out and walkedi backl to the racecourse. Met Mr. Walker, who told the police to take me in charge for stealing his horses and buggy. I was afterwards summoned for stealing? the horses and buggy. The case was dismissed, Walker not appearing to prosecute.-Cross.examined : Was not aware until afterwards that it was a rave on the part of Mrs. -Walker to _-p .Mr.' Wilker from going" into Oman.-J. A. Crcelman, clerk of courts, produt;e books proving that summons was issued against .Weekes'on an in formation sworn by Walker. The case wnas called on, and as there was no appearance of plaintiff the case was di' missed.-C. Rodgers : Am a store keeper and a justice of the peace.- I remember Walker coming to tme, and swearing an information against Weekes for stealing his horses and buggy:-W. G. Coughlan : Am a grazer and a justice of the pence. I met Mr. Walker on March 19th last, at the Golden Age Hotel. He told me. what Je was going to do. I advised .him not,to take action against him, as it would be unwise and might probably lead to an action against him.-Cross-examined : I imade, a mis take in sanying thit Weekes spiolb to me in Melbournoe, it was another man I spoke to.-Mr. Macarthur claimed a nonsuit on the ground that Charles Weekes was originally summoned at the police court and Arthur George Weekes appeared ; also there was no evidence of prosecution; on these grounds he claimed a nonsuit.-His Honor refused to -non-.: suit.--Mr. Macarthur desired to: stand on his legal rights, lie desired His Honor to take a note of the point he had raised.and'iefused to call evidenced -Mr. Irvine then addressed the court, contending that there was not the slightest justification 'for the action for larceny in tihe firit'placde! -His client was open to be flouted at ansy !tinie with the fact that he had been charged with stealing horses and buggy. His charac ter was all:h.had to idepend .on, idodit should be protccted.-Mr. Macarthur, for the defence, said that Walker did not know his wife had told Weeks to take navay.fthebhuggy,-aidt hadd'acted' boao fide in protecting his own pro perty.-His Honor summed up 'and. gave a verdict for £150, costs to be taxed. Stay of execution for 14 dys. 