I Table Talk. jia toM by an English correspondent that. Sir |!iDilke Intonds to establish a dally nowspnpor In cope of which Is to ombraoo the wholo iol Kngland'a Colonics and dependencies In ululls, The new dal'y la to bo oallod Greater |ii, 1 * I * » pi lime ago llnul occasion to refer to a lecture mils King's Collogo, London, by Bishop Barry JtImj, Primate o£ Australia) The particulars |bbAmlseemed to Indicate that the Bishop had i exasperating prooudunt, sot by ho many sdtliltoM to Australia, In publicly summing up l^pli, amongst whom they tiomehow contrived K«. The commontH of living visitors, eager only I" llwlt hicuhtatlons for the IQngllsh wo have phmlllvr with, and It iitruulc tin an a new de Kt.ihon a man, lu the position of bishop Harry pwldcd soinu yuars la the Colonies, and who INhbly spmul many more, should take theoppor ll'hHiwmshig to the soloinn, stay-at-home dons, r"* ihtdouts, and their mothers, alstern and ^ la hU own old college," on the drunKonnoss, pi'liind Inrrlklnlam of the Australian eolonlun, «•«* totiuntid to AuHtmllu, unit voluntoorud n" l^n, wliluli, I voutuvo to think, will Hivtlnfy lllMUvoa hliuHulf, 11 In llvnt dufouoo Ih tlmt Win wm ut iv uonvortmtlonnl nature, and not lot (mldloivllon, and iiuuomlly that nuoh r m tan ftjumivvoii two Inuoouvalo, " Hod I P^lliiotnm wiui to ho publloly reported lj llMUUy kvo duUvimul It from mnmuiorlpt or |M(inob" ivto |)r, Harry'ii wordti. * * * j^tulwvt iv l'vlmivtu may bo permitted, " hi a rj'5^ ««t ot way," to mivlco tttntomontN n« to [J «olonlHta of iv moro damuyhiu notiiro '*wl\l VQutviro to do If ho woro tluil down to * '' doubtluwi nhivi'iid l>y a wood many i^5' ^10' domino thoy hivvo npont a your or 1 11 imd ivto mtnoundud by munbovrt of tWQt In llmlr llvoa truvuUud further thiin ^l It luomubont on them to |*lth "w' "'i tmvollod obtiorvur, ami diuth oil! u" thoy wimlil tlm ohnrnotum of mi 1'fluv" 1,10 ^obotUon of thin nor I have I "l IWt iiioimr poftltlon niuongab oultl vated Englishmen as todious bores, and shunned and ignored as aucb. But tho Bishop, from his position, is somobody. No matter how fooblo a sermon he deliv ers, or how flat a apoooh, or in how out-of-the-way a place, thoro ho knows tho omnivorous press has some body to take notes and give publicity to his oloc]uonoo or his ponderous oommonplaaos. How doliolonsly in noaent of tho dear Bishop to think that the Prlmato of all Australia on a trip to England and discoursing to aaoros of his old eomrados, and sooros of lndios In a great col logo on suoh a subjeot as tho morals of tho now nation forming at this end of tho world, would bo purmlttod to go unroportod | But " inadvortonoo " (happy word) is not all. Ho pleads justification. IIxh romarkct oonoernlng tlio unusunl aonsuftllty which ho A9Horts prevails aro very wondarful ovon for u blfihup. In tho drat plaao, tha manifestations of un usual prevalence of lb has not boon markod by any man of oinlnomm, length of ronldonoo, or facilities of tracing it, Tho bishop can havo no porsonul knowlotlgo of what, ho is talking about, an ho han not trod in tho dubious traokn or nfmoolatotl with tho dlnslpivtod wealthy, and ho oorlalnty In not tho nort of man who will drive into tho back nlumn whoro only tho foot of tho city mlwilonary or tho nalvathm outhunlant In to bo | found, And yut out of nuoh dilutod utatomontu an ooiuo to hln oplnoopal oar, ho ainiuiuon a wldunpioad 1 Honnuallty and aucouutn for thin droadl'ul ntato of ail'alrn from tho fact that wo arc not pauporn orntarvad factory oporativoa, but that wo have "a lino olimato, outdoor life, larger amount of lolnuro and a fuller diet," That in to nay, buoauno wo don't, nhlvor through bitter win to in, orouoh over 11 ion, work twolvo bourn a day, and livu on dry broad, wo have a npoolal temptation agalnnt which wo have a hard ntrugglu, Tldii In shocking to think of, but thin in not all, Wo drink too much beer, and " larriktuhnn In inoroanlng with tho InnrouHO of froodom in domooratio oommunltlon," It iu utterly unulonn for tho lllnhop to toll tin that Ida main add rein! wan devoted to punlting an intelligent interent In the material well-being of the colony and iu the opurationn of bin own uhuroh. lOngllnli pooplo don't turn out to hear about our olimato and rovemum and eoiiimoruo j tlioy have boon nurfelted with all that, Hut they do like to hear of their far-away klndrod, ami if nothing bettor oan be nuld of un than a tirade on our ■hoi'tooiiiiiigii, wo hope ail nuoh npuuuhon will bo re ported, and tho nponkurH, of whatever rank, bo brought an ignoininiously to account an han lllnhop Harry, The Hon. John Douglas is High Commissioner for Now Guinea, and ho takoa along with him as private aoorotary, a man after lila own heart, o£ the name of Holy. A lato tologram informs us that tho Honorable John and his Friday have been at thoir old gamo onoo more, interfering as to who shall and who shall not find their way into Now Guinea for the purpose of explora tion and prospecting. They have just boon shown up by a Mr, Davie, who has boon hamporod in ovory way by those two officials, who aro supposed to bo paid to uso their best ondoavors to opon up ehannols of trado but who, by all nooounts, have thoir own notions aliout it. Those aro tho two men who woro publloly .oltnrgod fry Gonoral M'lvor with turning thoir position ,to quifco other purpoaos than oponlng up trado for tho public, and as having plaood ovory poasiblo diftloulty in tho way of reaching Now Guinea, The Gonoral finally got aoroae in a email lugger. Ho was tho invitod guoet of tho Honorablo John, but tho Honor ablo John and this sarao Mr, Holy loft M'lvor to dlo of fovor If ho thought; fit, unci, lmving fallocl to provont his landing, obstructed and harassed him in every way, Ho worked hla way baok, lootiuod in sovoral places in Queensland and Now South Wales, and tho lait tlmo I mot him wob just in tho humour to doolro a aottlomont of aaaouuta between Itimaolf and tho pair on soma lone inland, Tho Hon, John, for soma reason, is tho potboy of Sir Samuel Grifllth, It has boon oponly said by mon who ought to know, that it is not olUolnl bumptiousness that tualcoa tho Honorable John uho liIn position to obutruot explorers and pros pectors, Now Guinea 1« tho largest territory as yot unooottplod by oapltallsts, An unormoua trado might yot ho opouod up, and to liavo tho ooutrol of a Govorn mont voflsol and tho rosourooa of High Oommlimionor, dons not nooossarlly imply a self-denying blljidnons nu to being llrst on tho ground. " IVlf toon-Hag M'Ivor " is now, I bullovu, in London, and if anyone) marks this par and addrousos it thorn, I liavo no doubt that hu will Imagluu Mr, Davis's foollngs, what tho Oooktown papers will uay of it, and how I uamu to know so much about it, I liavo nut tho stightuat doubt that tho pro sunt Queensland Government in its doalingu witli Now Guinea are working for tho public) bonoilt, * * * Vkitomanh have good reason to bo dlswitliillod with Mr, ilonry M. (Jolllns, lloutor's agent in Melbourne for the slur lie lias oast on our loyalty. YletorlaUH showed themselves thu most loyal of all tlio Ausa trulhm colonists, and tho illuminations and other Jubilee festivities in Melbourne wore on tho most magnificent scale, and yot all that Hon lev's agent cabled about It to the London newspapers was a fow words, occupying only two lines in print j whilst disloyal Sydney was favored with a report of 18 lines, Ade laide, 87 linos, and Briabano 27 linos. The manner in which Boutor's agent wiped out Victoria is to be re gretted even from a commercial point, as the great bulk of newspapers in Great Britain must have thought Melbourne some small, insignificant seaport in Aus tralia, inforior in every rospect to Sydney, Adelaide and Brisbane. * Mil. EnNEftT BijAciicwBiiTj, who ropros'ontod tho Sydney Pally Telegraph in fcho Soudan campaign was, last month, intorviowod in Washington, rolatlve to tho cablegrams concerning Australian loyalty, and his views wore published and aommontod on in tho New Yurlt Herald, Mr, Blaokwoll is not a bishop, and had a good word to say for us, Ho spoko of our complete political freodom and praotioai loyalty to the Empire. He pretty well fixed the true poaition of a governor in Australia whon ho statod that moat that was required of him waa that ho should spend his money frooly, load aoolety, and follow tho advioo of his responsible ministers. Ho sot up Lord Oarrington ns a model in this sense, and Lord Loftus as tho reverse, Wo have never yot had any groat orlals where oapablo states manship has boou roquirod, but in spite of Lord Lof tus* unpopularity, caused ohiofly by his poverty, I doubt if any othor Govornor, of equal ability, has over held tho office in Australia. A man cannot havo spont tho groator part of his life in oourts where tho fates of groat nations havo boon dooidod without ob taining an insight into tho art of governing, which no othor Governor lias had, who has boon soleotod upon purely oourt favour. It says something, hovyovor, for our growing importance in tho oyos of tho world, whon a groat paper like tho New Yor7t I/eratd gives suoh prominence to our nffairs, Mil. CJarlylo G, Smyth, who I am'glad to soo is de veloping Into a worthy solon of my " muoh travelled " friend, Mr, B, S, Smyth, asks mo to state that there was no hltoh in tho negotiations with tho Xlov, Ohnrlos Clarke, and tho ronson that tho great looturor has postponod his visit to Australia until 1888, is in eon soquonoo of having aaoeptod, for a sonaon, tiie post of suoooasor to the llov. 13r, Monool, of Birmingham, Mr, B, S, Smyth loft for Muropo in soaroh of now talont to (ill up tho tlmo until tho Uov, Oharlos Olarko's visit to Australia next your. I cannot qulto raoonollo tho j two fitfttomonta which have rcaohod mo In rofaranoo to Mr. Phil. Iloblnson'a IIrat looturo at tho llljou 'l'hoatro. All tho dnlly paporn imnounood tlmt "tho houao who orowdud," unci yot I nm told on vory good nuthorlty that thoro wuh natnnlly iv loan ol! 10a. on tho llrat vonturo, TIiIh fuot may uaooiint for tho grout war oorruMpondunt hav ing ho (pdokly dooldod to hj " rooallod." I, am, howovur glad that my frlomlH, Mr, .1, H, Ituttorn and Mr, Tluio doro ITinlc, tho gonial noltollor, with a tanlo for llturu turo, In oonjunotlon with Mir William .1, t'lurlco, and Mohhi'H. .1. M. Wllllamfion, CJIiuh, W, (Uboon, .fonoph Olai'ko, W. U, KlUgoruld Monro, A, Kroomun, William J, Wooloott, .laimm Itonnott, If, II. Hart-bum and 10. U, Prlontly, liavo rotrlovod tho ropututlon of Molhcmrno by giving, on Monday aftornoon, a Htilxiorlptloti looturo at fliulr own oxponao, and whloh yloldod to Mr. RobliiHon a ohot|uo for tUlOO, I HAV10 alroady roforrod to Lord CJarrlngton'H ability an a Hpoukor an provud at IiIm Honlllquln Hpoooh, '.I'll 1m tlmo I. havo tho pltmtiuro of paying a ftirfhtir trlbntoto fclio iihrowil hoikio of that Unvornor, In kooplng a prlvatn nonrotary who oau roll you oil! iioinuthlng Jooular upon a tlmo, It'n notovory prlvato xoorotury who ohm prlmo hlH man ho that ho nhall llgtiro woll at an agrloultural •liow, bo olotpiont on Irrigation, luoorno, and furnlpn' •ay tiio right thing at a dog-Mhuw, and within a I'ow day« make tho nohur nlduM of tho Adulaldo punplo fairly ahaku with Ida Jooularlty. Lord Uarrlngtim Bpokuof tholr "groat and hoautlful oily," without com mitting himself to suggesting, like Fronde, thatIho population there was 150,000. But he ridiculed in fine stylo those bumptuous travellers who spend a few hours in the country, and then wrlto books about us, Tho most inveterate globe-trotter would, however, ho said, note two great characteristics of South Australia, " its genuine hospitality and its genuine sympathy with genuine suffering." This came after a ministerial din ner, and although he is a Govornor and thereforo en titled to applause on all occasions, I think wo may fairly credit him with originality in tho two points soorod this timo.' A good dinner and a sound judg ment follow one another as the day tho night. Mr, J. HRNNiKisn HkatoN, M.P, for Canterbury, who, I boliovo, is now kooping his angle oyo on the navigation of the R.M.S, Rome, is "about to nrrlvo in tho oolonies," "NVo have it- from tho Sydney Neeniny News, from which Henniker draws £20,000 per annum, that he has got n footing in tho House whiah not ono man in a hundred makes in so short n time; and outside of it ho is regard od as nn onthusinstio and intelligent roprosontntlvo of Aus tralia, His opinion on Australian affairs goos for as muoh ns that of some of the Agents-Don oral in Lon don, and he does more for the colonics than two or three of them put together. Now is it any wondor that our Mr. _Dorbnm feels annoyed and can't sltep; when a cable message comes, that tho groat man aotually furbished up his Italian (Henniker was always good at foreign languages, onco ho found he couldn't mastor English) and boon to Italy, to putln his views on tho postal question, just at tho timo wlion Mr. Dorham, Sir Graham, and Sir Saul were on tho eve of carrying out soma brilliant negotiations with the Fronoh and Italian aovornmonts. However, I would suggest ono consolation to Mr. Dorhnm, If wo don't got tho postal ooncosslons wo want, wo shall have our Honnikor baok, And what more would you have? Mil, John HAYNKS, M.P, for Mudgco, Now South Wales, has boon holding forth at Llthgow. For many yoars John Haynoa was ono of tho blttoroat opponents of Parkoa, but soma time ago, tho seat for Mudgoo foil vacant, and John won it on tho Froa Trade tlolcot, thua becoming a followor of tho Parkus party, IIo haa a lino faeulty for turning a noat phraao and with unllmltod audacity, la juat auoh a scout as Parkua delights lii to scout ,tho oouutry olootoratoa during a rocosa. After alluding to ono of hia opponents aa " an orphan bandicoot on a burnt rldgo," and another as a "gentlemanly coward " ho replied to tho ohargo of oorruptlon, urgod by MoMlliono and others against Parkoa, " I have soon," says John, " a letter wrltton by him to a friend the Christmas before last, salting for tho loan of ilifi, aa ho was so hard up ho had not tho moans of paying for his Christiana dinner." " Cor rupt men In Ida position," oontlnnud tho champion mud-allngur, " need novur remain hard up In that, fashion," I observe also that ho expressed a strong objection to tho Importation of politicians of tho Caulllold stamp, and that goutloman, whoso olocpionoo still tingles In Victorian oars, got up and explained that Now Mouth Wales was " not going to take vul garity for wit, nor luilVoonory for smartness," on wldeh wo on this side would remark that wo don't care much what Now Mouth Wales will take, now that It lias taken the " boy politician." To fchoho who tivko nn Intovoob In tho growth of i oolonlnl ontorprlHO, It will bo ((rubifying to know thnt tho riotur(iti(|Ui) Allioi of Autttrnlhv Oompnny two nd volut in g tluilr Intoi'oMlH with iv will. Mi'. M. M'Onrdoll, tho oiuirgollo inuniiKor, Iiuh onKugod Mr. ,Tiimon Thonuion, Into iioorotivry of tho Oolonlivl Jflxhlbltlon, to proouod to London iiiul liilirodooo tho work to tho notloo of tho JOttff I IhIi nobility, To iiiulorMtivnd tit In ono mirnt roinoin bttr tluvt M r, Thntnmm, whllo In lllnglnnd, hob-ii-nnhhud with lonln iviul iltiknit with qulto iv oimtoinury regit livrlty | thoroforo Mr. M'Ont'dull nuuit bo oompllmuntod on tho oxooHitlvoly nhrowd inovo ho linn irnvdo, 101 thoro In no morn povHovorlng iviul Indofutlgnblu uiun thivn M r, Thomuon, An ordlnivry book tvgonb would nob gob tho slightest, chance of pushing a sale or even hoinA by the high and mighty ones of the earth, wMiol Thomson will bo toooived with open Mm3-|rom] Prince of Wales downwards. I observe that in the report of tho Banking (. mission, while there are many recommondatlonj exactly intelligible to people unfamiliar with bad terms,' there is ono omission which Is very 9 J to the ordinary reader. It was well known thai appointment of a Commission, to enquire lull working of tho banks, was to oloar tho way! thorough investigation into tho working of all i institutions whioh, whilo not styling themselvest nevertheless, had tho handling of onormous sml people's savings. 1- spcolally rofer to Building oletios. We have tho views of tho lato Mr, Parke of our greatest authorities on tho natnro and 1 of available reserves whioh should bo hold tocovei noto issues, but it gives rise to uncomfortable a tlon how it oomes about that tho opinions ofl gentleman and others, oxaralnod by tho Commu in relation to the constitution and working outside institutions, have been suppressed. Wo] many rooommendations nnd muoh information tho working of the groat banks and as to thai which should be taken to oonsorvo tho public lull and provont loss or ruin to noto holders anddopoa in ease of a bank suspending payment, but not a] as to tho interests of that vast number of InvJ whoso money, under tho induoomont of ahlgln interest, has boon oporatod upon by bodies whlchj not tho prestige of tho old established bank9. 1 think this omission should not bo to puss without koon discussion nnd that In) o£ tho magnitude of tho amounts so invested, if na thoy are from that numerous olnss of tho t| whloh patronlsoa thoso sooiotios, tho Governor i bo woll within liia dutlos nnd dosorvlng tho thJ tho oommunity If ho woro to send tho roport bach n request tlmt tho Commission oomploto It9 tnilj publish the opinions of such witnossos na ml eiiltod to throw light on tho subjoot, Nothlni tlum ft full rind aomploto Invostlgntlon nwlsreccl dntlori ns to future legislation, will, I think, l| tho publlo to bollovo thnt this portion of the oh lifts not boon bnrkod by Intorostod paoplo on thou mission, I hopa to soo tho mnttor sifted w bottom rognrilloss of wlint Intorostod pewiul deslro In keeping their plan of oporntlans nmong hnndfull of directors nnd ,,orioi,gotlo"sooi'oti\rle3o( societies, who mnnlpulnto somuoh of tho snvltijfil people, nnd tho big dlvidonds whloh, so fur iw till side publlo anti know, mny nny dny bo rephiocdf ull-roimd ovusli, bringing ruin on thoiisnnda wild Invested their nil In the dark, 1 hour thnt Mr. 0, .11, AbbKN, whoso now Tntj Moliool for tho Plftnoforto bids /nlr to rovolttj what lifts usufttly boon nil apprenticeship of dtj j to teftolior nnd pupil, Is ondonvorlng to uitnhj I Melbourne ft ftowwrvatoii'ti of music, and Is "Ira ooMHultfttlon with tho loading nil of j are entering onthuslftstlofttly Into tho Won, bo| tho opinion that the establishment of nolmln In tho University Is net by any moans nil required for the extended study of the srtaimmj people of Australia, Mr, Allen'" "wystem" J iiorvodly earned the approval of tho loailing n»| of the age for Its display of Ingenuity In wnkll different stages In learning the art jiloasuieabol learner, Amongst those who liavo oxpiwwi f opinion of liia works may lie inontloiiml Hlrj Bulllvun, Mir Julius Itoiuidlet, Mr, Oharlos b. ■ J Mr. Joseph Hoiuiott, and nearly all 'w Itinglish erltlos of tho day, and I1'" direction of establishing a (hiwrvtdohv m bound to rooolvo extensive support by publlo of Melbourne, 'i'lie old stylo 1 J dlslieartonleg the student at the very """J"'J of his or her ruuskml studies, by loi'tb (oohnioal exorolsos and theories, Is doom b , toimti5C the Study of musio what It should . ^"fthomostplonsuroablo of occupations, Mr r°!°3tem enrries tho student from the most L^y exercises to the highest form of tho sonatct, j|Jc usiCcM achieved in turning out sound-musi y fa clear proof of its valuo. ^ I. ■ . / , * * lis.Alien h in othor ways a remarkable man, It Is' ■lisSir Arthur Sullivan and many other eminent Liiai owe their reputation. CJntil rcoently he Lii m were drawing enormous amounts—£1)0,000 Lr-lwrn the diamond minos on tho Kimboidoy, but Iki'? production of tho pnst few years has caused Lprccedcittcd fall in the price of diamonds. Ij'flft when tho prioo of diamonds sent to tho La market averaged in value about six millions Jlia?, huge profits woro made, but the prosont L tu gone up to 8 or f) millions, and oauaed a J7WI in the prioo, and Mr. Alien is oonsociuently, Ihpicicnt.not in tho wealthy position of formor JiUo hear tlmt tho now Chair of Mualo at tho |.n(iy la not to bo illlod by nnyono resident In Mint present, tho selection having boon loft to Id!m committee. Tho most probable professor |, Altai C'eillcr, for whom Sir Arthur Sullivan is laWto secure the position, Sir Arthur Is not Ik committee, but his Influonoo, whloh In tho piUotid of I-ondon Is onormous, will bo brought line every Individual mombor of tho oommlttoo. Itelj little doubt of.lils nomlnoo being appointed. Tin that may bo settled, I fool assured Mr jMirls In the direction of a Conxervatoiro will lathe largo support of tho musical public, to libhgreat ability and tho deserving nature of tho It otitic It, It act (irollts (trlslag out of tho raaaut Jttblloo kWiUt .South Melbourne la aid of tho building |t((liclocal llonwn Oathollo Ohuroh amount to he profits from tho Jublluo linssaur at tho in aid of tho Oonvalosoont Homo for In we £-'500, IbHllui there U mitoli dlssatlsfaotlon among tho whcUoglstriir.ci (moral's dopartmont, In con sttolthmoiMiciu'lngoonduot of a oortaln funo tontdt lili subordinates, It la stated that tltoillior porforniH his own work In a slip-shod ".MiUIhoiUo liltmulE from his post during a P'tlbrtof uaolt day, he keeps others under a oon M frivolous reports lo tho powers above, [ Ihtcnmuthlng muro to say about this matter If vblOl iiiliirtkomliiK Mulbouniu Oonlonnhil lOxhlbi IwltloliQ u vary urait tiovolty lu tho ftlittpu of Vkntvi Unto, with n Vlontui Moilol ihikovy i I1!' ThU will liu tlvio to tho oufcoi'prlMu of tnml Uootv., who hirni itpplluil to thu Nim» (or Hpima lu tlio ki'ouiuIm) on whloh u l1 »1H In uruuUil nt thu cunt of 1000. In i^wylozy iiotlonn pruvutl ol whiifc In mount "h® "t'utluu'lloiiHo," mul huyonvl thu fnut Unit ttiku Uiui'D—iuul tlmi vory bin!—uoboily |tta, Hiitlii Vlmuui, uulfuu-luiiitiu llfo lit part I^UW»Imhiii, l'lviit'yhotly (toon to tho Unl'b P11"1 "lolhotH, noun iuul iliuinhtui'M, luiHhniuhi I'""#'!!luotuly (or ihu nului o£ ootl'oo, but to f1 ^M'knsiiully mul join in noulul oonvowo. \ |*wlUinwUi limn) Uiiuni 11 ilny—•moi'iiliiUi noun j "^iniiHutl totrimhnuuit holii(t ulvuti to tho ^ iii'Wiinmni [ul, nmnmmilvu uiiHtoimii'ii. I 'JnWurtmm to ililiik oolVou In nit tho 'j'"11 kiwullurii will n|(von with nui lu j''I'UMitiiij n vu0 oiiiininuitil of nt nil unit iftli ' ^Hr tl0'0,l',v' huilu hi no vitliiUnt u« illjj biivuvitj^o that wo ito not know khliu? l'Wlu ulul lk vv"t bo u mil loitn -bilu ll"11011''u|i ot tho community to lot t " Viwtmi hy whloh thu Viomiono mitku their coffee. Possibly thore may bo tricks in the trade, and the fragrant, creamy-yellow, aroma-diilusing compound may not be as innocent as it looks. Never theless we will drink it and sigh for more. Again, in Vienna, with every fresh mako of colloe there is a fresh batoh of bread—not unwieldly 21b. loaves, that look as ii they wero bent on emigration—'bub delicate little Volls that make ono fairly gasp with hunger. The batoh of rolls made in the morning is oonsidored stale at mid-day, and the mid-day baking is considered stale at night. This innovation will scarcely creep into favor here without some opposition 5 but at any rato Australian bakers will learn how to mako good broad, and somo of them may consider it worth their while to try this little bit of Vienna mancouvering. It is one of tho mosb oortnln indications of n oity's prosperity to witness tho arootion of oxtonsivo business promises, whloh' tvro not only oommocllous in their ar rangement, but magnificent in their appointments, Molbourne is before nil other Australian oitios in this particular, the wide streets giving additional distinction, to the palatial odiilcos which arc the order of tho day. Messrs, Robertson and Moffat havo bought a block of ground in Bourko- stroot, next to the Post Offloo, inaludlng their prosont locality, and run ning right through to Little Bourko-stroot, on whloh thoy purpose oroctlng a number of buildings—or rath or one superb pile, Messrs, llobovtson and Moffat are paying a high price for tho ground in question, and this only shows how tho value of land in tho prin oipal thoroughfares has risen within tho last fowyoars, Evon only twelve months ago, whon a Oolllns-stroot allotment was bought at £1000 a foot, wlso pooplo thought tho limit of valuo had boon readied, but now an offer of £1250 a foot has boon made by Mossrs, Gommoll and Tuolcott for Mossrs. Porgusson and Hit oholl's promises, This is under consideration, bub will probably bo aoooptod, By tho way, Mossrs, Porgusson and Mitoholi aro building a largo placo of busiuass on tho othor sldo of tho Yarra, and of oourso will hi tlmo rolinquish thoir prosont plaoo, but a town oflloo will bo continued, Till) Modloal Studohta have again aont ma tho Sjimu*. liein, Tho aummfc mt tabor Is raplato with Information, both wlso and btharwlso, Tho otherwise information Is, howavor, parhnps tho most amusing, At any rnto tho ladlua who grnoocl tho rooont Olndorollu Dull will havti a good laugh ovor tho following gom oxtrnotod from tho long special roporfc " Many of tho drossoa woro strlklngy original, and attraotod nuioh attontlon, nuoh an, for Instnnoo, a Ohrlstmas Card, which was, In oonoopthm and lu oxooutlon, qulto a work of art j a ' I'rlmroso Loaguo, whloh tomptod tho moat llboral to J waver In tholr alloglanoo and doslro to ombraoo oon i aurvatlvo principles j CI moo Darling, whoso surname was vory aptly ohoson j Mophlsto, who gavo promlso of an Improved outlook to many proaont j Modorn Wlntor, a far falror aoason than any wlntor wo know of ( A Kootwonmn of Noxt Oontury, who was a strong argu« inont lu favor of tho omauolpatlon of tho box ; Kate (lardoastlu, who nood novor do anything but put on tho ooMtnmo, whon oho doslros to oouquor i A Duohoaa do I'olignuo, wldoh sounds Ilka a personal rubulco to tho Hoototy ( a Horiiot, by whom It would be a delight to ho stung i itubou'a Wife, who mado us long to have boon her old master | a M,I)\G, that was the goal of J muoh ambition ) a Morning Star, that was tho oontro j of quite a solar system j a Starlight, that soon puled J tho luolfootual (Ires of tho hig ohaudolturs, and au Aeci of Hpados that was Indued a trump, Tho Quoou of I'almyra eomplotuly suhjugatud lis, and Mubul ln« lliumood us to glvo our vordlut lu favour of the wluked pirates who had oarrlod Ivor oil' j a Clroolan Maiden ro« vlvud our fading Intorust lu tho olasslos / lllvangollno, mint mi out to buy a lluto and orook at onuo | a Saxon (llrl was rathor oiui of tlm i'lot | a swoot girl lu lArlllw, [ a splendidly sustaluud ohuraoter | a Lydla Languish, ! for whom wo languish still I a Vlvnudlero, a olmrinlng nioinhor of tho military nmbttluuoo eerps j a Lady Don tress, who shall heeetuo our family physlolau on application Kurlltut, who was uxooptleimlly tulmlrud by hcuuu gay eavallors with skulls and orottshuuou attauhod | t'urthonla, wo are going as lugomar next lime if she will consent ,• tin Enterprise that would bo an incentive to most ambitious schemes ; Powder and Patches, who so impressed us that we have boon living on Pulvis Doverl ever since j Phyllis was a heroine of sweetly musical thought; Varsovlonne, whose pretty little spurs nre even now sticking in our heart of hearts 5 the Queon of the Fairies shone resplondently in that armour that protected her heart from the amorous glanoos showered upon her by Don Luiz. G-retohan deserved all the nice things that were said about her ovorywhoro, and we wantod to monopolise the conver sation, Wo oould not, And finally, after we havo mentioned that pretty Gretohon, fair Nancy hoe, nnd dear little Tina, mado us our badges, we retire to rest, and shall always bo out when anybody whom wohavn't montionod calls to kill us." SoatJi six yoars ago How Muollor, tho founder of tho Victorian Swiss Association died, Being a man hold In muoh rospoot by his follows, tho mombors startod a subsorlptlon, and obtained snfllolont money to sond to Switzerland for a monument. Unfortunately, when tho stono arrlvad, there wore not sufllolont funds to pay tho various ohargos for transit and take It out of bond, so In bondage it had to remain. The Minister of Customs could do nothing with It, as thoro is voryllttlo sale for Inscribed monuments to other men, and so tho unfortunate stone was bundlod away Into a dark cor ner till Its luck ohangod. Thoro must bo somothing in llopublles tondlng to promote n frugal and ooonomlo turn of miud, for so far ns I know, not a member of tho Association troubled his koad again about Muollor and his monument till anothor ovont happened, Tho treasurer dlod, and as ho was also rospootod and hold In honor, tho socloty rosolvod to got up anothor sub scription and pay tho customs dutios, obtain possession of tho stono and erect It botwoon tho graves of tho two Swiss patriots—-who, It sooms, aro burlod near oaoh other. Thoro Is to bo an Inscription to oaoh of them, sotting forth their claims of remembrance upon tho gratoful and sorrowful, but Irapoounlous Association, But thoro is somothing raoro whlah is not so sntlsfno*. tory, Our Spiritualistic frlonds, who numbor a groat many, will bo called on to sottlo a dlsputo botwoon tho ghosts of tho two dopartod. Tho dlsombodlod shado of ■Muollor will not like his monumont—whlah, by tho way, Is roally his—to ho ovon partially usurped by his frlond tho defunct troasuvor ) whllu on tho othor hand, tho treasurer's ghost will start tho argument that, If ho, tho tvoasuror, hadn't dlod, tho monumont would still bo lying In tho dust and davknoss of tho bond storos, Tho Assooiatlon should think tho matter ovor oavofully bofovo thoy ungondor auy ill-foallng, I Tuw Anyto-Jowlsh Ktatorluat Kshlbttton now on view at tUo Albert Hull, Loudon, la oE grout Interest as Illustrating tho religious and oerumoulut ouatoma o£ the Mugllsh Jews, but tliu moat ourloua oxhlblta mo the ooUootlou of ohnrms and amulets, Tlio Jowa of tho Middle Agca adopted many oC tho superstitions of their neighbours, and umoug thoau tho fashion of wearing ohnrtua of amuleU, many interesting speci mens of svhlah am shown. Moat of thoao lmvo tho mvmo Sluvddnl " Almighty " engraved or written upon them | tlvoy uro of gold, sllver-gllt, oornolhvn, nmbor, and other aubutuuooa, TUoy uro atlll worn us povaonul ornaments, Groat muglo power was formorly altrl butod to tho moru lusorlptlon oE ono of tho .names of God, and It la rululud oE tho wonder-working Hubbl Ltlw, wlio lived In Prague during tho rulgu of ILidolph II., that ho mado himsulf a olay Imago to aot us ser vant, to whloh ho gavo llfo by plaotng tho una rod name wrltton on a pluuo of paroltinuut In Us mouth, It worked hard all tho week, ibut'ovary Friday before Sabbath tho llabbt had to ratuovu tho spell ho that lb should rest on tho Saturday, Ono Friday, howovoivha forgot to romovo lt| whuruupou tho Imago bohuvod like a madman, duatroylug uYurything that oamo In Us way, This legend l«i doubtloas, tlui original of Ckotho's poom, *' Her H.uiborluhrUng," and Inui boon roproduoud in ono of tW IngoUkiby logonda, M. Katkoit, editor of the Moscow Gazette, la dead ; and in nil the blographlonl notices of him ho is spoken of as "the power behind the throne." As a matter of fact it has long been recognised by English diplomatists that ho was nothing of the kind, but was • deliberately urged on in his so-called daring criticisms by the House of Romanoff itself, who by that moans easily gathered from its oohoes in foreign papors in what diroction revolutionary and political movements wore gaining in strength. The Moscow Gazette is the pro perty of the University of St. Petersburg, |nnd wna leased for 12 years at nearly £1000 a month. Even at this rate, with its large oiroulation and oxpenslvo advertisements, Mr, Katkoff contrived to mnko it pay handsomely. His oarly predilootion for Eng lish Utoraturo and institutions gave way lator to nn enthusiastic championship of the Slavs, and a bittor enmity to everything Western in politics. Ho was a powerful advocate of autocratic rule ; had in his timo mado and unmade Ministors, and shortly before his doath was engaged in an nttompt to overthrow M. Qiors, tho Mlnlstor for War. Ho was cssontially a diplomat rather than a patriot, and while at one time professing intonso hatred of everything, English or Fronoh, was continually publishing translations of tho boat curront English litoraturo and earned costly decorations from tho O-nr only rooontly for his warm advocacy of a Franco- Russian alliance. Mh9. JobbIo Stringer recently pulled a trigger with a view of ranking n small hole In tho frRtno of hor employer's son, but, making n sort of lloulangor-oum Forry volley of it, sho ralsBod hor mark. Aa If this woro not famo onougli, tho anmo lndy hna juat appoarod In ft lftwault to rooovor £1800 from tho oxooutora of hor Bon'a oatftto, £800 of which sho alleged to linvo boon for money lont to hor son, nnd £1000 for monoy which doooftaod had banked to hia own credit, when It should have boon to hora. Mr. lanftoa, oounaul for tho oxooutora, naked Mrs, Strlngor n question or two, not nooossnrlly for publication, but na n gunrnntoo of good fnlth, From tho replies it sooma that tho lady booaino housokoopor aomo yonrB ago to a Mr. Hoard, whoao lodging la now In tho oold ground, Tho into Mr* Board wna a liberal man, for, although ho paid £1 a week for tho flrat twelve months, ho discovered tho vnluo of his housokoopor, omnnolpatod hor from tho thraldom of a paltry fixed wago, and gavo hor £10' £20| and £50 at n time, ho that in tho following flvo yours or so, Mrs, Btrlngor'ii career wan, ho to apeak, ohoquorod with presenta to tho oxtont of £2000' Thoro being, thoroforo, no doubt an to Mrn. Htrlngor'u ftblUtlo» on muttorfl of llimnoo, Mr. Iimnon wantad to know wholhor oorroiipondlng ability might not have aomo Into play In arranging tho documentary ovidonoo of hor uon'fi lndobtodnann, Mr, hinaefi notod thivt tho Bpelllng of Mrs, Btrlngor diverged from tho Imperial Dictionary muoh In tho iiamo way an did that of tho papers purporting to have boon written by hor non, and mudo hln own doduotlonii an to who wan tho writer. Mr, Juntloo Wllllamo bolng apprlnod of that faot, got tho timid lady to npolt tho word aooouut, whon hor trembling hand rofunod to write It | and nho ntrugglod through more triumphantly than tho avorago M.L.A does whon ho taolclon tho word February. Bho baulked at tlio fonoo " CJommoralul," and oamo down a oroppor on tho word " Manlcn," whloh nho Hpolt with an " o," That filial " o " oauued hln Honor to remark that ho wan oonvlnoud tho lady had, not to put too Hue a point on it, not boon altogether truthful. A (lKNioiiA.ii mooting of tho momboro of tho Mol* bourne Hliatconpuaro Mooloty will bo hold In tho Athon« Mum upper hall, thin ( Friday)evening, whon tho follow ing papurtt upon tho play of King John will bo road and discussed i—Mhakoiipoaru'n Troatmont of History an shown In King John, Mr. W, Lowell Million, M.A.) tho l^lng and tho JJaronn, I'rofussor Morrin | Bhako« npoaru'n Arthur and tho Ileal Arthur, Mlim B, Jl. Hooper i a Modal JOnyllshman—Fauloonbrldgo, Ilov John Unlit, ' JJO»WJ0 tiL, 