Sunday Reading. "Seeking a Sign." From George Dawson, M.A., of Birmingham. .* Then certain or the acribes ena or the Phariseee aniwered, MjrlDsr, M&eter;, we would eeo a ilgn from thee."-MATTHEW Til modem times wo find occasionally mi impatience in studying the histories of old times; bnt thc chapter I rend to yon, though quaint and incon- ceivable to ns in some respects, is still full of wis- dom ,and instruction. The.ro you see what men thought about God and the gods of old times-how men fonnd out there is no God bat God, yet still thought that there was no God but tho God of Israel, and that His jurisdiction extended not beyond the hounds of their own .parish. This ex- clusive feeling is often set forth evtn in the sub- lime liturgies of tho Church, and the people open their mouths but not their understandings when they repent. " Among all tho gods there aro none like unto Thee. O God." . ;Now, it would be sheer nonsense for you and me to Bing that, except historically ; we know there aro no other gods at all. So we come to know how slowly men gruw, even to such knowledge as is pos- sible to them, and wo seo how long it took for tho idea of the One Only God to bo established. ¡ We read the history of the pleasing little Jewish damsel, and what failli she hod in tho prophet of her pnrinh ; how «he «aid, on hearing of her master's leprosy, " Tr my lord only knew our pro . phet, how. soon he would be cured 1" How human itjs 1 And seo how, when the news wos carried to Naaoinri, he thought it worth while to try. Then how pleasant to hear tho prophet say to him, "Go, 'wash, and be clean. " And then Xauman's contempt of the man for giving him anything so simple todo. What an exposition of the faith that some men and .women have in medicine, aúd much other mystcry mongering I How curious to find even hero, how this man was seeking aftor a sign. How frunkly he said, '.' I thought he would surely como out to me, and stand, and call on tho name of tho Lord his God, and Htriku his baud over the place, and remove the leprosy; but ho only said, 'Go and wash !'. He only told mo it was a question of diet and exoroise. I thought ho would havo done some wonderful thing and havo mode me know the bitterness, of quackery, whereas bo only said, ' Wash, be temperate, walk, and that will cure you.' " And then, in a rage, he exolaims,' " Are mot'tnere good rivers enough in our own country 7 Why should I go to Jordan ?" So the ourions story ..rons pn.i::; . .»' '.':." ' Then there is that singular story of the servant Gehazj. » J, once heard a man reckoning how much interest he 'could .'get hy not paying his men'B wages until ji month .after .thepj wore due. So this mean,|pul(; thisi émail''creature, with lim thoughts oh: finé .'.silver' and' "gold ? which -'the 'prophet had refused, considers within' himself : " Here has my master''been li ealing this mani and has received nothing from him." - I will make something out of it.; I, will run after him." Did yon never know people Intend tb do n générons thing and then" retract? intend to give a pound and afterwards make it ton shillings '( How mean I Yes, but how thoroughly human it is 1 Then there is the prophet, whose eye searched through the hesitating manner of his servant, and saw his true character in Spite of paint and ronge. That is nothing miraculous ;, suoh true prophets are existing still ; they know what'you are thinking about almost os soon as you do, and astonish you sometimes by. putting into words thoughts hardly born. What was said of Christ is true of all wise men, " He needed not that nñy éhould testify of mnn, for he know whnt'wns in man." So this prophet had probably looked st . Gehazl, had Been him go forth and come back again, had noticed his munncr and tone of voice when he answered his questioning. For a lie was never yet told with Hie same tone of voice as when telling the trnth j thore is a falso ring in it that cnn always bo detected. So tho leprosy seizes upon him. I am not acquainted with tho peculiarity of that dis- order, but I think it quite possible that some deadly disease might have fallen upon him. It is impossible for any wino mao now-a-days to believe in any sign, wonder, marvel, miracle,, or 'inyBtery, contrary to the grent aooustomed laws of our- being. As far as I am concerned, all these thingB may hang in the museum ; I should not be thankful for thara. I db not want them. I ara sq little concerned about such things, that I have given up asking for signs. I have no manner of esteem for .thom. ' I have no passion for signs of visible mani- festations, for ghosts, the risen dead, or magicians. These wore very natural foeiinga in tho early days i>t ? mankind ; it is a1 part'' of tho ohildhood of the eWorld. .-:For-there is no man, perhaps, who is sensi- tive, and given much to thinking nod questioning, who has had not within him the feelings out of 'whloh'all theso beliefs spring, ito man, broken- hearted, storm-tossed, friendless, quivering like an , aspen amid the powers of life.: but in his secret heart has'oraved for a sign, and longed for Borne ,voioe to speak .to him, that he might know that he was not alone lu this world.. ; I 