ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The monthly meeting o: the Zoological .So ciety of New South "Wales was held at the Zoo logical Gardens yesterday, there Leiug present Dr. George Bennett, vice-president, in the chair; Mr. John Koou and CaDtain Ghost. The secre- tary reported that the receipts from the gates for the four weeks ending September 1 amounted to £102 7s. fid., which represented the admission of dBll visitors to the gardens, 3378 being adults and K3S children, . exclusive of members and their friends. The icceipU from the elephant amounted to £0 12s. Cd., and from the ponies and donkeys to £2 13?. Cd., bringing the total receipts for the fonr weeks up to £111 18s. Cd. The gardens were also visited by BO.Ofi public school children, accompanied by 82 teachers, making in all a total of 3133. Sir Henry Farkes, who had been unanimously elected president of the society in lieu of the late Mr. A. T. Holroyii, wrote expressing his willingness to accept the position, and stared that it would at all times affoiti him great pleasure to be of service to the society. Tn con sequence of the continued wet weather, i: waj stated that the water in the lower part of the gardens had encroached on tho plantations and flower beds, killing many of . the trees and plants. From a letter received from the town clerk, the society were informed that a drain coald be cut from the lake to the Cleveland- str'eot sewer for the sum of £HQ0, but the drain would have to be carried put at the expense of ihe members and under the pupcrvision of the City Council. ;Mr. W. Powell, superintendent of the garden?, reported that during the last month a Malayan bear and Japanese squirrel had died. It was resolved that iu future the committee should meet fortnightly instead of weekly as hereto fore. The following donations were received : —Black swan, presented by G. Stacey ; Galar parrot and opossnin, by If. Floyd, Cleveland- street; ?cvub turkey, G. W. Johnson, Red fern- street; echidna, J. A. Holmes, Cainperdown ; one wallaroo, one young kangaroo and a mo- poke, Mr?. \V. M. Jackson, Manly Beach; opo3?um, if. C. Fngill, Surry-hills; slowworra, B. White, Surry-hills ; two cagons (New Cale- douia), M. Hagen, Noumea : two kagus, John Morgan, Xoumca : seven bags of shells, J. R. Hill, Vaticlause. Three snakes were also added tn the collection. 