j.. . . . .QOMFOET. ... ... !..-, .By THU XIATB EB v. CHARLES STANFORD, D.D. !" Comfort ye, comfort ye My people, saith your God." ISAIAH xl.,1. ???*. .? ;.* Thia famous chapter, famous not on earth only "but in Heaven, marks a great ohange in the strain of nrediotion. The great river of prophetic nar rative here takes abend; before this, the river, ?wild sometimes and dark sometimes, seems to -work its way between steep rocks and difficulties, and amid dark shadows ; but from this time it becomes a dear, and tranquil, and sunlit river, n river of God foll of refreshing water. Before this we meet with messages of gloom and reproof, j but from this time, as a rule, the messages aro ! messages of hope and meroy and consolation. Wo learn more after than before this about Christ, His sufferings, aad the joys of His people that ont of those sufferings spring. . I want to limit my words this morning to the verse that strikes THE KEYNOTE of the ohapter, the verse through which God summons His servants to convey to His people consolation. I must see this- ohapter in a Christian light and interpret it with a Christian key. Tho references would not ha\e any mean ing had they not this meaning; the words would amount to nothing unless wo can find them foll of Christ, lt is not Uko God, surely, to spook of a mero temporal deliverance, as if it belonged to eternity. No, it all leads up to the consolation of Ieroelj and wo find its full completion int Jesus. WHO ABE THE PEOPLE P 1\. In the first place lot us identify the people spoken of-" Comfort ye, comfort ye My people," There was a first reference to the people of the JewB, who, we know, shadowed forth other people. Theirs was a history of types and shadows. Everything in the history and in the type which was special and organic was a shadow of what was to come, and has been now fulfilled in the finished work of Christ. So the people spoken of in these words who are to be comforted are pre eminently the people of God, Even in that time there were among the Jews many who in the true Bense were the people of God, the salt of the earth, for whoso sakes the world was made, for whose sakeB the sun shone and the seasons came round. They were saved by virtue of the yet unrevealed expiation, and vitalised by the yet unknown Spirit that was to be inaugurated on the day of Pentecost. But the people who have a right to the comfort, no matter in what ago they live, are those who are identified with Christ,.who have Christ for tb cir righteousness, the Spirit for their strength, grace for their life; God for their Father> Heaven for their home, and who have now in this Book their armory, their library, their everything to make them strong and enlightened as the people of God. But, BUroly, as they are thus the people of God thoy must pass through alilction. True, God loves us; but wo have much to learn through hardship. We must have the triais that make life sweet, that give new lifo to prayer. There must bo the sorrow that comes of uncongenial occupations, and fear of tho future. The people of God must have sorrow and suffering arising from the very fact that they are God's people. To such God says, througa His ministers, ,f Com fort ye, comfort yo My people.'" WHO ARE THE MESSENGEBS ? II. I next notice those messengers through whom this comfort is to be given. There Beems to have been no plural at first, for this is the writing of the prophet Isaiah ; but as it was written it was not done with, and as the secre tary of the Holy Spirit entered tho minute in this Book, tho All-wise Spirit said, "I Bhallwant it for the future-for Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Peter, and Paul-for all My servants through all ages. I shall be saying through all time through them, ' Comfort ye, comfort ye My people."1 So Goa says to each present now God is asking you, my brother, to comfort some sorrowful child of God. Ho it this afternoon. Look out for someone who is suffering from some stroke of bereavement or a defective memory, anet who has forgotten God. Look out for some suffering spirit, some aching heart, and carry to such tho celestial message of consolation from God. He iß our Comforter; all our musio begins in Him, all our joy begins in Him, all our con solation begins in Him ; revealed in our hearts ; by the Holy Ghost. IB He in your heart, brother ? He is ready to comfort thro agu you, to carry through you mossageB of consolation to those who aro dying for it. You say, " How can I comfort Your people, God 9" God saya through Christ, " Love Me in My people, and yon will comfort them. I call on you to lovo thom," Lord, I will love Thoo ns X onn In every brother man. I WHAT IS THE COMFORT? HT. Now, I would remark on the comfort yon are to convey. My headB of remark are sup Slied by the chapter itself, "Comfort ye [y people'*-(1) by reminding them that I am their God. All thia chapter is a remem brance that God ia tho Father of His people. " Behold your God" is tho end of all the chapter. Not Bomobody oise's J but your own. God with all His glory is youra. Thia God is our God, our God even unto death, our God for over. No chango cantako plaoo boro. Christians, you havo for gotten thia, and God, who knows your frame, seoma to say to me, " Go to that ohild of Mine ; ho has forgotten Mo." Oh, brother, in all your counting you seem to be counting oiphera, and leaving out the everlasting all-snflioient Ono who givoB the . oiphera all their Bigniflonnce. God Bonds to you*. weary one, through me and says, "Comfort that Soor child of Mine who seems to have forgotten fe. He has not quite. Bemind him of what he has forgotten. Tell him he has forgotten his resting place, ff nd so give him comfort/' How wonderfully constant this-idea is through all revelation ! "He shall feed His flock like a shepherd, and gently lead those that are with young." We have been studying science, but we find that we get no knowledge of the heart of God from science. We feel sad, and go back to THIS HOMELY BIBLE, . that speaks to us in such earnest words and clear tones, making us understand that God ia not only our Father, but ocr Mother. Here He speaks, Himself, to His child. Think of it; behind all the light, behind everything in nature is the mighty Prince of Peace, the Counsellor; and He is our Father and we are His children. He stoops to pick np the wandering lamb and to carry the wearied mother. We aro permitted to apply to ' ourselves tho national anthem of the Jews. [Dr; Stanford .then repeated the 28rd Psalm.] The Holy Spirit has written this in letterB of light in . our very hearts. If we can feel this is one anthem, it turns the very soul into music. God has made Himself visible through Christ, and through Christ He has become a reconciled Father. Yon have forgotten it ; and God says tc me this morning, "Comfort ye, comfort ye My people." NEAR HOME. (2). We are to comfort the people of God by reminding them that the time of their captivity in this world is nearly over, and that they will soon be home. The burden of the chapter was in reference to the captivity in Babylon. Some Jewfr liked to live m Babylon; wanted to be naturalised j became as if they belonged to the place, and were not comforted by the words of God. Others, tho spiritual people, felt that they were under a cloud in Babylon, and longed to get back to their temple. They fretted und^ chafed. And now came tho message that the day of pardon was to come. It was not to cv¡22? till after seventy years' captivity, and. they are now re minded that the day of pardon is near. I am reminded of GOD'S PUNCTUALITY. When God said seventy years, it was not fo* man to say seventy-one. The time had come for tho people to return to the Fatherland. Bat let ns apply this to our higher Btate. It was ( a poor return theirs, and for a short time. Ours : is not going baak to a temple in ruins. Ours is going home to that place which Christ has pre-¡ pared for us. We axe reminded that the deliver ance cannot be far off ; God's time cannot be long now. Some Christians are not propared for that.' They would Bay, " Not to-day, Lord, but to-mor row." They enjoy the resting-place On the road, better than the grand resting-place at the end of the road. You must not forget that this is not your rest, and that the rest upon tho way is only the rest travellers have upon tho oasis. It may seem delightful to feel the cool shade, to look ont between the trees and see the pleasant pros pect. But these rests may be delusivo, and the true rest yet remaineth for the people of God. You must wake up. God loves you to have recreation and joy and frolic. It is not sin to have that joy if you remember that you must Boon bo going. But yon who are advanced in life want more than frolic ; you feel that there is Burely for you a better homo beyond the veil, beyond the haunts of the robber j a heaven of love, an unspeakable heaven of joy. We talk about it but know nothing about it^ for human words wero not made to expross celestial thoughts We shall not soe it until wo roach the throne of glory, and Beo God as Ho is. (8). One more consolation suggested by thia chapter is that _ THE S AVIO UK IS COMING ' in this world, and ÍB on His woy to show 'His glory hero. Comfort the people who feel amazed and disquieted by the sight of th» strong things that aro arrayed againi Christ. Tell them Christ will overcom these. Babylon looked as if it never could be ovei thrown, but the prophet comforted the poopl by tolling them'that it should. " Every valle, . shall-be exalted, and every mountain and hil ? shall bô -made low ; andthe crooked shall be mad :. straight, and the rough places plain. Arid th glory;of the Lord shall be revealed, and all fies! ' shall see it together-for the mouth bf the Lon hath spoken it." *' Have ye not known ? Hav ye not heard ? . Hath; it not been told you fror tho bégïnnirig ? Have ye not understood .fror the^foandations of. the earth? It is He tha sitteth upon tho circle of the, earth, and the in habitants thereof are as grasshoppers j tha stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain am spreade.th them.out. as .a .tent, to.dwell -in> j tba bringeth the princo3 to nothing ; Ha make th th . judges of the earth as vanity." So does th prophet speak about Godas to the obstacles mai would put against Him. He will come,and fil the world with His victories. If we look aroun< at the state of society, THE FORCES OE EVIL seem to bö organising themselves for a fight witl God. 1 When we were in this place last Sunda] morning there was" a sort of " imitation "of th< Wesleyan "Ecumenical Conference-a meeting ©: Freethinkers," with Bradlaugh in the; chair Seventy delegates met in the Hall of. Science " A Mr. Bennett from America said there wer( 220 branches of Freethinkers in America; anc \- there, .were present representatives -from -the Hü* doo Freethonght Union. Great boasts were made ; and"'in the evening there wag a festival, whet ' Mrs. Besant made a Bpeech, and Mri Bradlaugh distributed prizes, Then there was a speaker in . Paris (M. Eochef ort) who said, " We mustjbefree from superstition ourselves if we would befrei '.. iroxn tyrants "t and he went on to speak aboul overthrowing Christ. These people were showing only ; \- THE AEROGANCE OF IGNORANCE, /km not scared about them, but for them; Speal about overturning Christ, who said, "I will over turn, overturn, overturn," "I will shake .th« heavens, and the earth, and the sea; and the dry land !" Who wrote this ? Oh, brethren; om Lord is the overturner, and we are not afraid as to the issue of the battle. At the same time we must expect a great fight. There is war in the air, and if we live we must take some part in it. We BhaU see overturning.'. We are in the midst of disturbance ; but there is one who masters aU, who makes these very movements of disturbance ' contribute to his own grand march. This thought Xpuld' keep me up, and I am reminded of it in ,Jri8 chapter. Goa in Christ would comfort us by cheering ui up from these fears that came from our misgivings about our own weakness arid feebleness. It seems that the prophet had been carried along by oné train of . thought upward-and upward in speaking about his God, and then came the thought, "I may frighten the people I am trying to comfort. The very great? Bess of the Being I am displaying frightens them on account of His holiness," So he says, " Lift up your eyes on high. and-behold Who hath . created these things, that bringeth out their hostly number;. Ho calleththem all by names by the greatness of His might, for that He is ^rong.in power. -Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and {peakest, O Israel, My way is hid from the Lord, ad my judgment is paeaed over from my God ? Hast thou .not known ? had; thou not heard . tfhat the' everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of tho earth, fainteth not, neither is weary P" And then he goes on, "They that .wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings aa eagles ; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and uot faint." .' We soniethhes think that WE ARE SO LITTLE .... that our way is hid from God; but the prophet reminds, ua that His very greatness ahowB itself in noticing littleness. And he gives us this com fort in the words, "He calleththem all by Easés by the greatness of His might." Our God is not ! then a. Being to be distracted. Se is a Baler of everything, little and ^eQBA. The grandeur of His nature mterfsres not with the care of His creatures. . He knows every little fear and little thought that make the sum of my life. The Domforr- -given in thia chapter is, that you are encouraged $o pray, the weak to the Almighty. But ali this comfort, is not oomfort for you unless you are God's people. I cannot say, "Poor child of sorrow, it will be all right at last." God has not said that. God does not say, " Look at that poor rebel. Comfort ye, comfort ye that rebel who will not be one of My people ; comfort him and tell him all things are working together for,his good; tell him that I will Bee that he is eight at laat." God has not permitted me to say that. You must first GIYE.YOURSELF UP TO CHRIST. ' And then God says to mo, in reference to yon, '.'Comfort ye, comfort yo'My people." . . 