V.A.T.C. JOTTI1TGS. NoTwiTHBrAKDliro the uninviting out- n Saturday morniug, there was an exceedingly good a'tendanee at Caulfield « Exactly a score saddled nn fn- initial event and Dufferin wu voted the good thing, but just before the etart The Le vite wM so persistently supported that tbe pair started equal favourites. A they ran into the straight the race looked & moral for Dufferin, but Honors, who started at 20 to 1 freely offered, ibot out and won in a canter ' vascosa being a good third. # Me W" E Daeiu complained to the stewards that Tomlin, who is in that gentle man s employ, had failed to keep an engage- meat to ride Damocles in the Trial Stake, and, as a consequence, tbe sou of Gang Forward had to be scratched. # PntoE to Mr. G. Watson taking theoan- dias.H for Hurdle Race honour in hand a commie-ion was executed to support Aristides. blo ne etartea as good a favourite as Hunts- mac, whilst Friction, who waa best favourite at tbe commencement of buunesa, retired to eights to one. SparUn fell at the second Lnoe, and Cmrage made the running until the home torn was reached when Whalebone ahot out and won easily from Boy and Hunts- man. » # Odds were freely laid on Stafford for the Selling Race, and, owing to the lad on Succes leaviog sn opening against the rails, the eon of Lord Lytton was enabled to land thsm by a neok from 8nooees, whose rider evidently thought he only had The Ghost to beat. The winner was sold to Mr. T. Jones tor 160 sovs. » » Atlas, and nothing but Atlas, would go down with a great many for the steeplechas-, Duttbe apparent openness of that event was evidenced by the fact of no less than half a dozen other horses being backed. The hret fence proved fatal to Stockman, and jJ". Mlte!l?red Songster baulked and Virgin Water can a cropper, giving Morrie a nasty shaking. Reticent and The irishman made most of the running, and the piir named, with Promotion and Ruby entered the straight together Royal Oak, who had been most patiently ridden, cameon J the outride of thorn and frilly I smothering tbegi for pics woa#|rilj from iSobj, who jei£ defeated Promdtaon on the I port for the 40 : L# tin Hmifly \- w" nspl'vu aoriydQtar mtntrap nnil the Bomulaon, ster Jnleresting rtruggie, by a bare fuod from Meteor. Ring master, who started farourite, <mme with a pnenemenaUy fast, but late, n»h, and was only a head behind Meteor, Bosmoed, the wcoiid favtmritv was vvrj eiow at getting away. Lothair, when being pulled up, stumbled and fell but T. Brown, bis rider, fortunately escaped injury. A raw,, a vpr few, wens on tbe winner of the Two-year-old Handioap, Rck Svtrdler, aud his overthrow of Rosewood, Bos, Albert Loddou, Julian Gray, and Sunshade, mfist have proved a veiy remnnerative turn-up for tbe metaliidank, who must have had all the best of the deal.during the day. 