"WHAT IS THE COLONY COMING TO?" fBy Ad. Obiginal.] As yon pass down the street you will bear people O! what 1b the colony coming to I" The same weary question's pat day after day, ■' 01 what u the colony coming to 7' The bankets, and merchants, and broken, and Selecton, and agents, and wicked land-sharks. And even your dog seems to say, as be barks, "Of what is the colony coming to 7' The nnnegirls with children who happily roam, Cry—" What is the colony coming to 7* They're a thousand times better off here than "at home f Yet it's—" What is the colony coming to 1" The bakers loaf round with a woebegone (ace, | The butchers without any stake, in the place, And sad undertakers (with very bad grace) Cry—" What 1b the colony coming to 7' The cat on the doorstep won't wash herself now, (For what !b the colony coming to ?) She's dirty as Christian when stuck in the Slough, OI what is the colony coming to? The fowls and the docks don't seem happy at all (The parrot baa told them—he's picked np the call), And even the horse leans against the back wall, "And neighs—" What is the colony coming to? The sheep, when they're wasted to boll or to roast (O f what is the colony coming to n Besignedly sigh and then yield np ibe ghost. OI what is the colony coming to ? The bullocks all welcome their happy release, They kneel for the knife with a smile that spaabs peace, Their whoas will be over, their troubles shall cease About—" What is the colony coming to 7' We're all in the fashion, and keep up the cry Of " What is the colony coming to 7' We like to despond and to snivel and sigh, And say—" What is the colony coming to?'' Oar pleasure's in pain, though our pun isn't real To this awful extent by a very great d> al. Prosperity past makes us sensitive feel, Ana cry—" What is the colony coming to 7' Only fifty years old, and look at us to-day! Yet—" What is the colony coming to 7' With a different meaning we surely might say— " 01 what is the colony coming to V Our provident persons more numerous are; Onr average savings are gr Aerbyfar Than in moBt other com ,.ies We're much above par Yet It's—" What is the colony ooming to 7' These times of depression will certainly come. And—" What is the colony coming to 7' Will always be asked. They would write up, if dumb— " O! what is the colony coming to ?" They used to write, " What shall we do with our | boys 7' 1 And onr text is the watchword the croaker enjoys ; But with statesmen, hard work and a little less noise. We'd see what the colony's coming to i 