AUNT PARKER.' I Bx B. L. FARJEON | Author of rso. 119 . Great Porter Square,' 1 The Sacred Nugget,' 4 At the Sign of the Bilver Flagon,' ' Grlf," Blade o' G-ass,' ' The House cf White Shadows,' J oshua Marvel, € An Island Pearl,' eto. Chapter LIV. — Raised from a Living Grave = It was night when I recovered my senses. I was lying on toy rough bed, and there was a dim light in the room. A woman was sitting by my side. For a few moments I did not dare to look At her. - A onnfnepd mnmnrv nf wVinfc bar! taken place was in my mind, font -I could not separate fact from fancy. At length I found courage to turn my eyes upon the woman's face. It was really and truly Nurse Elliott who was tending me, Har eyes rested upon me, and a look cf joy flashed into them when she saw that I was awake and conscious. Lima sne criea. j ' O Nurse —dear, dear Nurse!' I It was all I could say for a little while, j and she put her face close to mine, and kissed me and wept over me. ' It is not a dream, dear Nurse 1' I No, dear child, it is happily, happily real. I O, Lina — dear, dear Lina !' ( Tell me all, Nurse.' J 'Tomorrow, dear. You are not strong enongh to hear it to night.' ' I am strong enough, indeed, indeed I am ! Tell me how. I cannot bear the suspense.' | It is the most wonderfol thiug, my poor suffering child ; the most wonderful, bean- tlful tbicg < I hardly know where to com- j mence.' j 'Commence at the very beginning, Nurse, I dear. It will do me good. Ah, It has done me good already to hear your sweet voice 1 j We are safe here, are we not ?' ' Yes, dear, we are quite safe. Wolf is | keeping guard over as.' | 'Only Wolf, Nurse?' I asked, for my j thoughts were travelling to Ned, and I wanted to be sure that it was his voice I had heard as well as hers. j ' There is another keeping watch over you also, my dear.' I Mr. Edward Lorimer ?' | ' Yes, my dear, Mr. Edward and .Wolf are | together outeide. He is outside. Shall I | call him in ?' ' No, Nurse, dear ; I am not strong enough I yet for that. Bemain with me— do not leave j me 1 Do not let anybody else come to me I to- night.' j I It shall be as you wish, dear.' ' Now oommenee, Nurse. From the very | beginning, from the time that I left yonr happy house' — I could not finish the | sentence. Shall I see it again, Nurse?' | 'Yes, my dear child, 'and soon, I hope. | Never, never to leave it, unless of your own j free will.' | 'You are true to me, Nurse — O, Nurse, | yon ate true to me !' j 'True to you, my ehild! I never was anything else. I love you more now than I I ever loved you ; and there was a time I ivVien T cthnnlri nnfc have thnncrVifc that possible.' | ' You love me,' I said, in a choking voice, j ' more than you ever loved me ! O, Nurse, j dear Nurse, my heart is almost breaking with I joy ! They told me you bad left England, j and that I should never see yon again.' j 'They told you f alee, my dear.' | ' And Rnbe is in England ; he did not go | awav ?' I No, dear child, he is there in the old J | shop, and he and I have never been separated till now — except for a day now and then, j when I went down to that hateful Restore- tion-hall to try and get some news of you.' | ' Dear Rube ! And be is still my friend ?' | You never had a truer.' j 1 Yes, Nurse,' I said, pressing her hand to | my lips, ' there is one friend dearer, truer | than all others.' my aear, we win nos speaa or laai. Are i you sure you are etrong enough to hear the I story.' j Yes, Nurse, commence at once.' ' My dear,' she said, after a slight pause, j ' when I found that I did not hear from yon, and that you did not rend me one line in reply to all my letters I wrote you ' I never received any, Nurse. They must have been kept from me wickedly — wickedly kept from me.' Yes, dear, I understand it now. But it was a great trouble to me. Rube had a BUSpivlUU UK WUcL® W 00 UUSUg UUUU Willi KUJT I letters, and be tried to oomfort me by saying that you would soon be a free woman. But i when your birthday came round — the day on which you were twenty-one — and we bad no news of you, I could not restrain my im patience, and I went to Restoration- ball to get some news of you. The house was closed, and no person could tell me anything, so I had to go back to London unsatisfied, and I wait, and wait. My dear, in what I am j going to tell you I have made a binding I promise ' ' To whom. Nurse, dear ?' To Mr. Edward. I must say as little of | him as ' possible. He knew that this | Published by special arrangement with the I author. I conversation would take place between us, and he bound me down not to say a single word respecting him more then is absolutely necessary. He has much to impart to you | himself, and you must hear it from no one | els9.' ' Go on, Nurse.' 1 Well, ir-y dear, when I found that I could | get no news of you I was in despair, j went to Mr. Edward, and ho could tell me | nothing, except that he was informed you had left England of your own free will.' | It was false, Nurse.' Yes, my child, I know, I know ; hut I was really powerless. I went to Mr Bath- I gate. It was a long time before I was ' j successful in seeing him, and then, after listening to what I had to say, " he said you were your own mistress, and that yon were doing as you liked ; that you had decided to | travel to the Continent, and might remain | away for years ; that your movements were not my concern, and that if I intruded J myself ujjbn bim again he would charge me at the police-court with heaven knows what.' 'And Mr. Lorimer, Nurse, and the old I 1 < A gentleman r I have not seen him, my dear, from that day to this. If you knew bow hard it ia to me to keep my promise to Mr, Edward, you j would pity me, Lina ; but it must be done, | and I must get along as well as I oan. You j see. my. dear, I had no authority over you. j and it could easily be made to appear that I j was interfering where I had no right to interfere. Rube and I talked it over again j and again, and he consulted his lawyer j friend, who advised him to let (be matter j alone, or he would get himself into serious 1 trouble. Bat in spite of that advice, if | Rube Qould have sefen his way to do anything be would have done it, and risked the con- j sequences. Well, my dear, months passed, and we had no suspicion of the truth, nor | any means to guide us to it. It was hard for I me to believe chat you had forgo it en ue — ' j I never did that, Nurse, dear, never for j one moment.' j « Indeed, my dear, I never did believe it, 1 but my heart was very sad when I thought of you. So one year passed, apd we had no news of you : another year passed, and you I seemed to be dead to us ; and still another I year passed, and it did seem to me as if we shonld never see each other again. We saw nothing during the last two years of Mr. Edward — I may say that without breaking my promise to him — and then, on a wonder ful, wonderfol day, Babe came from the shop into our little sittingroom ' j The dear, dear room !' I mnrmured. I 1 oan see it now.' 'He was very excited, and when he told | me not to be excited, without telling me | anything else, he made me, of oourse, a good | deal worse than he was himeelf. " What is it about?" I cried 'to him. " What is it | about ?" And when he said it was about you | I thought I should have fainted. My dear, | Rube presently brought Wolf into the room, and be gave me a letter from yon. I was so blinded with my tears that I conld hardly read it, but I did succeed at last, and then I j learnt the wicked, wioked way in which you | had been treated. I questioned Wolf, and | got out of h'im as much as I could ' I But Wolf cannot speak English Nurse !' I exclaimed. ' How oould you understand j what he said ?' I My dear, he had been a very long time getting to us, and he had learnt a little | English, and that is how it was. He is an | extraordinary man, Lina ' j He is a noble friend,' I said. But for him I should never have had the happiness j of hearing yonr sweet voice again.' | ' I think you are right, mv dear child, but we must thank God as well for helping him, | and yon, and all of us.' | ' I do, dear Norse. If it had not been that I placed my faith in the all-gracious Lord, had it not been that prayer sustained me, I should have gone mad or should have died before this happy night !' ' Dear Lina ! My poor, suffering child, j Well, my dear, when I understood what had j UUVU»AVW| A tuauwu IV AtUUC) duu OfiMtU 1 had best be done. Excited as we had been 1 before, we were a thousand times more | excited now. " You most go to her, Deb," ' said Rube, " you must go top her without a j I day's delay. Bat you can't go alone. There's no telling what might happen with such a wicked wretch as that ' woman" — you know whom be meant by that — "to fight against. Yon must have a man with you, and if the | worse eomes to the worst, and we cannot get a proper man, I will cut someone in charge of the shop, and go with you myself." ' I C IXAH MAAJS AF 9 T 1 I uuu UI Illlii) xMUABUj x BnlU JJU W 1 good of him !' | ' He is the same as ever, dear. The same | | dear, fine-hearted man that you knew him to | be. I don't know what I should have done I without him. My deer, the first thing he I does is to make Wolf understand that he is I to remain with os in the Borough till our I plans are arranged, and then he puts the shop I in my care and goes out. Where to, my dear ? To Lorimer and Bathgate's gffice — that | was bearding the lion in his den, wasn't it ? | He didn't intend to have mueb to say to Mr. j Bathgate ; it was Mr. Edward he wanted to | get hold of, and be thought naturally he j could get bold of him that way. Yon must I know, my dear, that neither of us had been | to that office tor two years anymore, and you may imagine how surprised Rube was to find | the place shut up. There was no Lorimer | and Bathgate, at least not in Mincing lane, j and nowhere else, fer that matter. But that I did not discourage Rube ; nothing does die- 1 courage him when be takes a thing in hand. I "I am boand to see it through, Deb"— that is I what he says — "I am bound to see it 1 through and he does se it through better 1 than any man I ever heard of. He makes j inquiries, and- he is out the whole livelong dev. " And I would have kept out the whole livelong night," be said to me when be got bscV, " rather than be beaten." He didn't want to find out where Mr. Bathgate was— we bad bisd. more than enough of him ; he wscted to find out where Mr. Lorimer and his son were. Well, my dear, I don't know how he managed it, but manage it he did. and he oomes home wiih an address where j be was sold, be would be able %p see them. At firBt he thought of going himself, but on second thoughts he decided it would be best f r me to go, and to tak.=! Wolf with me. This, we agreed, would be the right thing to do, so early the next -corning — really, my dear, at a little after eight o'clock— Wolf and I were in a cab driving to the address Rube bnd obtained. Good fortune was on oar side, Lina, for &b; tbe cab drovq up to the door of the little boos in which Mr. Edward and his father were living, who should I see come out of it but Mr Edward hirmelf. It is on the tip of my tor gee to tell you something about Mr. Edward here which made me very, very Borry, but that would be breaking my promise to him, and I mnsn't do it. No, my dear, he shall tell vou# everything himself, and I am sure yoc will p:tj him as much as I do. Mr. Ned receives me as kindly as ever, speaks as gently as ever, is as good -hearted a gentleman as ever, i but not so bright as he need to be — There 1 I I am on the point of saying what I have ne j business to say Yes, my dear, Mr Edward meets me most kindly, but does not ask me I into the honse. . He walks from it with me by his side, and Wolf following us and as we walk I tell bim the whole story as far as 1 1 i know it. He was terribly agitated ; in- | terrupted me a hundred timsB ; calls Wolf, and q etions him ; and then says, trembling all ovf?, and as white as a ghost, that I must get b?1 k to the Borough at once, and that he will m>:f tme at the shop inless than an hour. He keep bis word, as he always does and will, and when he joins us he has a travel, ling beg with him, I knew bythat sign j | that be was coming with us, and that your | Aunt Parker would at last meet her matoh : | for there was an expression on hie face I had | never seen there before. It is no breach of | confidence, ray dear, to tell you that there j have been great changes In his circa m- stances, but that has not altered him a bit. j He asked me to go through the whole affair j again, and then be had a long private talk j with Wolf, Never in my life have I seen a j man in such a etate1 as Mr- Edward was when Rube and I went into (he parlour after | his conversation with Wolf was over. He | was trembling like a leaf, but after a while | he pulled himeelf together, and said that we | must start off that very night for this wretched, miserable place. And we do, my ! J — . nm4 T VieTro nntVtinff fn tall vnii nf what passed during the jonrney that I have a right to tell. We are here together, my dear child, never, never to part, again. Ob, how thank ful I am — how thankful, how grateful !' I did not lor a long time break the silence, it was in my mind to ask my dear nurse whether Ned was happy in his carriage, bnt tbe words stuck in my throat. There was J something, however, I wanted to hear of j | another person — Aunt Parker. ' Where is she, Nurse?' I asked, ' Who, my dear ?' Aunt Parker. 1 She Is gone, my dear child. I shouldn't wonder if we never saw her again. With all my heart I hope we shall not. I hope so, toq, Nurse. But what happened when you came to tbe door, and I fell into your arms ,? I only beard your voioe and Ned's — his name in this form slipped away from I me unaware — ' and tny joy was so great that | it overcame me. What happened then ?' Yonr Aunt,' said Nurse Elliott, ' seemed frightened at first, but she presently grew furious, and began to storm. She called us all sorts of names — she was really in such a 'rage that she seemed almost out of her mind — and said she wonld soon show as who was master. She rushed out of tbe hut, and j returned with some of the villagers, who I would have treated ns badly. I believe, it it I hadn't been for Wolf. He soon bronght them to their senses, and they turned then against yonr aunt as tbey would have turned against us if it hadn't been for Wolf. They wonld have hurt her, and Wolf wouldn't have | stopped them, but Mr. Edward did. He | persuaded them to let ber go in peace. "You shall smart for this," she said to Mr. Edward. " Be thankful," was his reply to ! her, "if yon escape tbe law. You have not only done a wicked thing ; you have done what may endanger your librr-y." "Do your worst," she snarled ; "I defy you" Ab for me, my dear, - she would have bitten me if Bbe oould have had her way ; but it would have been bad for ber if sbe had attacked me : I am as strong a woman as ehe is. However, there is nothing more to be , frightened at, ot to be toared from her ; she oan do no farther barm. Heaven knows she has done enongh ! And now, tny dear child, I have told you as muoh as I ought to do. . You must get to sleep, so that you may be well enough to travel to-morrow. Mr. Edward has hired guides and mules to tske you away, and in three or four dayB I hope we shall be in dear old England. Good night, dear child.' I Good night, dear, dear Nurse !' It was long before sleep came to me, there was so muoh to occupy my mind. Indeed I was almost afraid to encourage Sleep, for fear I snighi wake up and find that all fb. wonderful events cf tbe day bad been a dream. Nurea Elliott pretended to sleep, I so that I might not exhaust myseif by talk ing to her. I held her hand fast, and by | degrees assured myself that my happy release I was real. I I thought muoh cf Ned ; I could cot help j it. What Nurse Elliott had said of bim I seemed to indicate that he had had trouble | and had met with misfortune eince he and I I stood face to face. Ab, how lorg ago did I it seem 1 But it made my heart beat with a I joy that was not without pain to reflect | upon the eager swiftness with which he had I flown to my rescue. He was no longer my I lover, but he was still my friend. Hew 1 strange it was that M arse Elliott had said j nothing of his wife ! Bat a little ft flection I convinced me that she did not speak of her j be-ause ehe did not wish to add to my sorrow. I I heard the murmur of voices outside tbe I hut ; I distinguished Ned's voice, low as were I the tones in which be was conversing with I Wolf. Late in the night I fell asleep, and j did cot wake till late tbe following morning. I Chapter LV.— Good Night, Dear Lina. I ' I wooH sot disturb you, dear,' said Nurse Elliott. ' xou were sleeping so peaoe | lolly. You look better, Lina ' j ' I ought to look better,' I replied; ' I have been restored to life. It almost seems to me, Nnrse, as if I have been raised from the grave.' Breakfast was ready on the .rode table. Nurse Elliott assisted me to drees, and it was another proof of her thoughtful kindness that Bbe had brought some new clothes for me. I needed them Badly, and was truly grateful for them. Breakfast was soon over, and we went into the open. The guides with their mules were ready ; Wolf and his wife were to accompany ns, and Wolf told me that the gentleman had | rewarded him well, and that he was satisfied. I See,' said Wolf, he has given me money, I and this gold watoh and chain, and ring as I well. I am content.' I The purse in which the money was I deposited was Ned's ; there was nothing very I strange in ttD- circumstance of the presenta- | tiou of the parse, but the watoh and chain I and rieg puzzled me. Perhaps, I thought, 1 Wolf was eager for his reward, and Ned, | coming away in haste, did not come srffi- 1 ciently provided with funds ; so he satisfied 1 the man by adding these trinkets. It would j be my business to replaee them when he arrived in England, | Ned, who was at some little distanoe from j the hut, did not oome to me as I expected he | would when I made my appearance. I c \X7ill kfi nnt anflftlr In ITIA. Knrfi?' T V V MV .w — . — — — - — " — He seem- purposely to avoid me.' ' Shall I tell him to come, my dear V ® Yes, please.' He eame, and I held ont my hand to him. As he took it I saw the tears were in his eyes. Tbe tears rose also in mine as I observed the j great ohange that had taken place in him. | It was not that he was less handsome, but is appeared as if the brightness of manner which bad earned for him the name of | Sunshine in the dear old dayB had departed. I He looked older and graver, and he met my advances with marked constraint. Was be, then, oppressed by the consciousness that he | had behaved ungenerously to me in having | led me to believe that he loved me? It might be so. In that case it devolved upon me to | mitigate any sorrow he might feel ; it was I who must outwardly play the brave part, and snow mm loat X uure uiiu nu ment. It was for me to oonceal what I felt at tbe sight of the man to whom my whole heart was given. Yes, I loved him still, but - he must not see it, for his sake and mine. I had suffered muoh ; I must suffer still ; but It needed all the moral strength of my nature to suffer in sileuoe now that I was in the presence of the man who had wounded me ao deeply I do not know how to thank you,' I said to him. His eyes wandered from my face ; his lipa qurvereu. 'You have nothing to thank me for.' he Bald. By the sacrifice of my life I oculd not atone for the wrong I have done yon.1 He was conscious of it, and acknowledged it. Had he then soffered as I had suffered, and should I rejoioe in his woe 2 No ; my heart went ont to him, and I fell nothing but pity for him. He had had no deep, and hia face was haggard. I kept you from your rest last night, I am afraid,' I said. You were in my care,1 he replied. I do not betray every trust.' This all-absorbing remorse, evident in hie 1 hnmble attitude, and in every eeif-aeeusing i word he uttered etirred me strangely, (tooe I bad hoped to share hie edrrow, as im H , — 1 joys. Hie joys and mine were jdow for over epart. but it would be a oonsoUtion to «ne, aod night be to him, if I eoald make bim feel that he had Wronged me less deeply than ha euoposstl. \ Ned, I said, and be flushed at the | a tt trance tt the dear familiar name, it is in icy to say; now that we have met through ynor goodness, tbat during the lonely years 1 bare passed in this place a better kind of wisdom has oome to me than it would ever "have been my privilege to enjoy had my life been Hn troubled. Let what ie painful a->d foolish in the gst be forgotten. Let us Qomirtenos afresh a firm and- faithful friecdHhtr., Believe me, I will not be false to J is, and I w',fi strive to make myself worthy of I it.' j For God'e sake,' he cried, ! say no more ! | I an not worthy of your friendship.' He weald have turned from me, bat I had taken hi« band, and 1 would not allow him tolsse as ihofl, While we were conversing srt au?&e; had beokoned Wolf and the guides way, so that Ned and I were out of hearing. I: was . delicate and thoogfetful sot, but when was that dear woman unmindful and uathougntful of me? 4 1 a id this morning to my dearest friend/ I continued, and I looked towards Narae Elliott, 1 that I felt as if I had been raised from the grave. It is you who have done this for ms. Will you deprive me of the happiness of stowing my gratitude to you ? You must cot, indeed you mast not 1 \- 1 will uaa no wtr-ng ' ne wo, so ina i have already committed. Yonr pity and eweet patience are like coals of fire to my heart. I «viH bide nothing from you. Long cro I roeclvei, if It sboald ever be at once tny happiness and my misery to meet the lady I have eo foully wronged, that I would make fall confession to herr When we arrive safely in England, and you are ia the care of loving friends, this shall be done, and you shall judge me.' 'L«$ it be so,' I said. 4 Till then, at least, we oau be tree friends.' And I mentally added, 4 Aod. always afterwards, while life remains.' It is impossible,' he said, 1 £ will not alloy you to juggle with justice. You do tcfi know - 4 That yon are married,' I sid, and the pi:y I had for bim sweetened my voice. 4 Yes, Ned, I havs known it for years.' 4 Tbat 1 am married V he exclaimed. in a toas of arnizraent. 4 Who told you this V 4 My sunt," I replied. When ycurlstter arrived-? it pained me sorely, Ned, but time and prayer have softened the blow — -she in formed me of your marriage 4 My marriage i' he cried, and now he j looked me rail in the face. 4 She spoke , falsely, I am cot married. I paid court to | no lady but you. Base and worthless I am, hut Tjot eo base and worthless as tbat act would have made me, Line 1' So dazed was I wish joy to discover that he had been true to me that I had almost fallen to the ground, and he had uttered; my name as be threw his arm around me to support me. I recovered quickly, and he instantly released me, saying humbly : Forgive me. I did not reply ; I wanted to think. What he had said pointed to some strange mystery quite foreign to the wrong I supposed he bad done me. Within the last minute the wofld bed grown brighter, and a golden thread was s'omiofi io my life which I had thought waa so fori© a and desolate; It was impossible iiit me to fathom the meaniog of such an expression as 1 By the sacrifice of my me l j acnld not atone foe the wroog I have done j you.' I swiftly resolved not to pursue the j matter any farther at present. When we j arrived >u England all would be oleared ; 1 meanwhile there was nothing to diBturb the 1 h&ppmea; which had so suddenly befallen I rue. Liberty was mine, and Ned was true ! J Wbu mnre could I desire? I beckoned to j N'irte Elliott, and she came to me. 1 4 My dear,' she said, with a bright smile, J ?oa are looking like your old self already. | JB.if «. uy thing happened ?' j 4 Yes, Nurse.' I replied, 'something so! sweet and beautiful has happened that I oan j a-re happiness for me ia the future. Say I nothing to Ned ; he has a confession to nuke, and I must bide his time. But remember this, Nurse ; whatever he has to eay to me when we get to England, nothing cm ever step between me and him.' 4 My child ! My dear child !' 4 It conies out of my heart of hearts to tell you this, Norse. I can have no secrets that yon fhoald not share.' 4 Yoa love him still, Lina,' she whispered. Yes,. Nurse, I love him still ; I have loved him always, but I thought we were separated for ever. It ie not so ; Ned ie true to me — j Ned is true to me 1 But it ie our secret, dear nurse, yours and mine, and no one must know until the sorrow ia lifted from his heart.' All this time I had forgotten Mad Max well, and now I inquired after him. 4 Your aunt took him with her,' said Nurse Elliott, ' when she went away last night. Ur«. I.C in faaflrna aith hnr tffunst vnn ?' 1 Hs is more sinned against tbau sinning, Nurse, I hope and trust tbat I may see him j again, and that it will be in my power to be J good to bim.' J In a little while we Btarted homewards, j Homewards 1 Homewards! Never till now! had I realised the beauty of the little word j home. Is was the oradle of love and joy, and I whispered to myself again and again : 1 , Home, home 1 And Ned is true to me, <1 and Ned is true !' As we journeyed to the vaileyB be woald have kept apart from me, hoc I invented a thousand pretexts to draw him to my side. If I could lift the sorrow from his heart it should be done— to this I was firmly resolved, j He loved me. I saw this clearly in his inward struggles against the arts I used ; but in this battle of love he should not oonquer and briug misery upon hlqiself and me. I Was net ashamed that be should see my heart. Had it not been already bared -to him ia the past? I owed bias reparation lor the rady ear I had given to Aont Parker's false report of him ; it waB I who had wrongad him, not he who bad wronged me. How fair eod beautiful was everything around me 1 The sweet air, the lovely flowers, she rippling waterfalls, the bright sky, all pulsed with love, and I was truly j happy. So we made our way 6o the port from whioh we took ehip to dear old England, j t 4Whea we ar ive at Dover,' I said to I Ned. you have it in your mind to leave me.' | « Yea/ he said, I shall leave you then. 1 You are no longer in danger, and my poor I task Is accomplished. .. I 4 It ia not accomplishes, Ned, I said, I boldly, 4 and will not be unless yen I accompany me to the very door of Rube's I shop. I insist upon it.' . J 4 1 will obey you/ he said in a low tone. j Ned, you have not spoken of your dear father.' No, I have not spoken of him.' j He is well, I hope.' He is tnnoh broken.' « I am sorry to hear that— truly, truly sorry. You live together, do you not?' YBB.' I You will give him my dear love, Ned, I will you not, and ask it he osnnotcome to I to aee me soon ; whether I may not oome to I see him? But, indeed, I shall not wait for j permission.' I ' I beg of you not to coins, The shock | will be too great Wait till you have heard what I have to eay : then you will never wish j to see him or me again.' I 'You ore wrong, Ned, entirely wrong. Of I course-, I have no idea what is in your mind | while you speak eo strangely but you have | promised to make everything clear to me.' I I will keep my promise.' j 'When? It must be soon— within three j days of our arrival home.' I ' Yes, within that time.' 1 aw tall 4-Vl ntt 5 T flcSl) i » | znusw Uo VvUvQUk Vila vuw| «w»a f a gaily. I would not take notice of his! mournful tones. 4 Ned, iB it true that you I are not so rich as you were V 1 I am a poor man,' he replied. I 4 1 am sorrv. Do you no longer carry on the business?' The Larimers have lost their place. The firm is dissolved.' Riches are not needed for happiness, Ned. If it were so. how the poor are to be pitied 1 Bat it is not to.' 4 No man can be happy,' said Nad, sternly, and the fancy came upon me that he was like a man who was about to plunge a dagger into his own heart, 4 when he is haunted by the shadow of a crime,' j 4 Ned 1' I cijed. 1 For God's sake,' he said, 4 say no more I j Wait till you receive my confession. Deal I with me justly hen. I do not, I dare not, j ask for mercy I', » . His angoiBh was so evident and sincere ! that I would not qaestion bim farther, but I j took pains to make him understand that he | I could not drive qie from him. We had fine weather all the way, and the I sun was shining brightly when we landed on English ground. We had but a few minutes to wait to catch the train, sod in the evening I we found ourselves in London. Ribe was at the station to meet ns. I learnt afterwards I that Ned had sent him telegram from place I to place to acquaint him with our progress, I and he had aotually engaged a carriage to I take as to the Borongh. j I oan not describe Babe's delight. His face I fairly beamed, and I do not know what j extravagance he would not have committed | had not my dear nnree sobered him by a few I sensible words. But she was as delighted as j he, thoogh she was not so demonstrative, 1 and she whispered to me over and over ) again : Did you ever see such a man, my dear — 1 did yon ever see such a man ?' I In fulfilment of hie promise Ned got into the oacriage with ns, and we were soon scanamg in ®ne aear oiu soup. my ojm wo filled with happy tears, and I heard Babe I say to Ned: j 4 Woa't you oome inside . sir ?' j 4 No, thank you.' was Ned's reply ; 4 1 am I anxious about my father. I must hurry J home.' Babe and Nurse Elliott soon disappeared, and Ned and I were alone. j 4 When shall I see you again ?' I asked. 4 To-night.' No,' said Ned, 4 you will not see me till I have shown you what I am, I will be no party to a shameful deceit. You shall see me in my true colours, and then it will be for you to act. If I dared, I would give you one word cf advice.' 4 Give it to me, Ned.' I 4 Do not rely upon yourself ; do not trust i yourself. When you have read what I shall | pat into your handB, consult some ex perienced person who will advise you how to act.' j I made no effort to understand him, and I j would not thwart his humour. 4 Whatever it is, Ned, I said, 4 1 shall know how to act.' Aad then, after a little pause, I added, I have made one mistake, and I rely up3n your generosity to correct it. You witl assist me, will you not ?' 4 If I can- ' 4 1 asked yon to make everything dear to I me within three ->day8, but your words are so j full of mystery that'I do not think I oan bear I the suspense.' , 4 What do yon wish ?' 1 | 4 Yon intend to write to me.' 4 vm' 4 Let me have your letter to-morrow morn ing. Do not put me to the pain of waiting longer,' 4 It shall be as you desire. 4 Thank you. Ned. And I shall pee yon to-morrow — not In the morning. I see that it will not be agreeable to you. But in the evening.' 4 1 shall not come ta yon unless you send for me.' 4 You will come if I send for you ?' 4 1 am bound to do so,' he said. 4 There j is nothing more to be said. Good night. . i 4 There is something more. Do yon wish ! I to make me very unhappy ?' | 4 To see you happy would be a happiness to j me, who never hoped to be so ' 4 How easy it is, then, far both of us ! I During tbe whole time you have been with I me you have only once called me Lina, and then, I think, it eame from your lips unaware. Say pow to me, 44 Good night, dear Li ua !" ' He covered his face with his hands, and turned from me. O, Ned, dear Ned ! In tbat convulsed movement you betrayed your- 86 f. I saw your heart, and it made mine rejoice. 4 Say It, Ned, I beg, T implore you ! Say I it as you need to do in 1 ht> dear old times. I do not, I will not share your forebodings. All j mil be bright and happy for pa—believe me, Ned ; believe n i 1 Do not sadden this happy I hour for me. Think of what I have suffered, and say, 44 Good night, dear Lina ! I I took his hands from his face, and saw j that it was bathed in tears.. I 4 Ned, dear Ned ! Say it from your I From tbe depths of my heart/ he said, in a broken voioe, 4 1 Bay, ' Good night, e | Lina!'" (TO BB OOKttHOTD.) I 