Ifonmor. Bill Njc s KiHlsef, I10IJ.S. . . : I am just having a highly humorous expo lienco with boils. Toothers this aiinouiyjc-: mcnt will como with no element of sadness; . perlinps, but to me it brings a thrill of thu keenest and most poignant anguish. A mail might go all over a wholo country anil not ' , find any thing moro poignant than those boils seem to 111c. There nre seven of llicso liLtle blossoms, and thoy bang in n ripo cluster 011 tho bnck of my neck, about two inches below what tho phre nologists call lovo of home. Iliad never brought out a. boil until last ; , . week, though I havo led iv very chequered ' life, but one morning I awoke to find myself _ , tho narcnt of seven cunniu'' little l'ed-lieaded . ' . boils about the size of a pumpkin-seed. Thoy arosmnll, but, oh, how restless they nr.-, and how ;thoy struggle with each other for supremacy I ' , ; : Peoplo who live here, say that theso boils aro a result of the climate. The nil* here is especially calculated to bring out anything , in the lino of latent humor. A man who had been running n humorous weekly pnperin; the far West came here and in two weeks lie broke out so that his friends had to do him up in a poultice seven feet long. I am not doing niiioli for these boils, be* . ? ? caiisa I want to teach them to be self-reliant nnd depend upon themselves. .Qneof them was a puny little thing at first, and I felt sorry for it when my friends told mo about it. 1 cannot see these boils, ofcourso, ns they nre not in the direct line of vision, being, ou tho back of my neck. So I get a friend-- . ono I can trust— and I lot him como and tell me how they arc doing from- time to 'time. This littlo boil at first did not bid fair to ' hold out nioic thnu a day or two, but yestor- - - day it began to throw aside its lethargy and to realize that life is real. It is fully abreast - of tho others now, and has a largo and very . . active crater 011 it. For throe days I put various things on theso boils; among others soap, sugar, tho white of an egg, flaxseed, bread and milk,, broad and molasses, etc., etc., etc. There were other things recommended, but as the boils were all in a cluster I had to try one thing at a time. With seven boils well dis- ' - tributed I might have tried several remedies . at once, but I did tho best I could. In three - days I have rendered four pound's worth of groceries entirely useless to tho consumer. . -. Boils visit the rich and poor alike, the humble ami tho exalted. Tliey are not a ^ mark of greatness, for boils frequently come . ? . to the obscure and tho unknown. Thoy do . not come with tho seeking, nnd they are not- ,. to bo obtained by study or effort. Boils fall ' to the lot of many whoso lives would other- ?-. ? ' wise bo void of incident. To such they are ? ? indeed a groat benison, or may bo used as such. How many people do we know who have naught olso to show us in the way of , ? progress, but a kind I'rovidenco has bestowed . - . a boil upon them now- and then, which they can exhibit as an evidence that they are not \ remaining absolutely stagnant ? I The felon also is a queer article, the use fnlncssof which has not been thorouglilyimado ? clear to my mind. There are ninety-eight different tilings that are: good for a felon, each of which will mako it ache first-rate, and that seems to bo tho principal object both with felons and boils. Some cut tho finger open in treating h felon, and scrape tho bono with a cornimb or a wood rasp. About 'the only way to cure a felon is to seriously , . injure the iltigcr and then cure tho injury. ???? Printer Joe. — 'Printer Joe,' said tho ? conductor, was a bajd o_nc to stand off, and. 7 . was known anion' railroad men nlf over tho , ? . .. country. . I don't-''je]ieve that follow, would pay. his faro from enjie .station to i the liox't if lie.'had a fortune in-\iis pockot. It's ngainst_ : his principles.' . . . - ? ?' ?'^ A11 interested, lot of listeners had now gatli- ? ??;:; .. cred around.-and a desire to hear more of ffie famous Joo, having been expressed, tho con-.' ' ? : r ductor went ou as follows : — ' Well, among the thing which, I remcin- '.' ' ? ber oE him was tiie way ho beat mo when I ? ~ was running a Baltimore and Ohio train into ? Cincinnati a few years back. It was an ae- ' ? eovnodation train — that is, not ono of tho fastest — and stopping pretty often. Tlio ex press on that line was fast ia those days, and . I guess it is still. Well, one day I found Joo aboard. He was riding in the car next lo the baggage. I saw him at onco, btit didn't . ? appear to rccognize him, although . I . knev '???' -v.,-'.' him nil tho same. So I said to him,— r - : ' 1 Ticket.' lie looked at mt in a rather , amused way ; and pretended to pay no attention to mo. But I insisted upon the ticket, whereupon ho- ' took me aside and said : — ' . ' My friend, I observe that you are a aro new man on the line and don't know me. I ' am Director — — , ol the Baltimore and Ohio,' .%? and, of coarse, hare free transportation over ? the road 1'. 'I was vexed and told him I understood his game, and that if lio did not got off at the nest- station lie would have. reason tore pent. He readily promised to get off, and kept his word, for I saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of. him so easily ,?aiid you may imagine my cbargrin when I came upon liim again as I went through the train. I said nothing this timo, 1 but when wo came to the next station I put . Mr. Joe of: in a way which was much moro forcible than polite. It was of no use. At-: every station I bad to go through the same' . process, and once I stopped between stations,- : although wo were behind timo, nnd threw . .. him out oE tlio smoking car. We pulled out as fast as possible, but lie caught on to the -v l:ist platform, aud at the 'next stop ho stepped. -.- off looking as well pleased ns if he had boon. riding on a Pullman. I was so mad . when . I . saw him that I swore lie should go no farther, null when wo wero ready to stmt I ? took liiiu by the. collar, tripped him, and hold ? ' . - him down till tho train had started.- I tlion ran and caught the last car. 1 was triumph- a.- ant, nnd from the reat' platform shook my fist at him as ho stood disconsolate two bun-' ????? . ? drcd yards behind us. ; . ' : 'v '1 saw 110 moro ot Joo until we got to' - Cincinnati. 1, was standing by tho train as - , ? . the passengers were getting oiE when I felt myself touched on the arm. Turning around - . ' I saw Printer Joe I He said coolly : — ''Captain, I'vo got a match ; if you will lend mo a cisar I'll smoke.' ?? 1 1 .was outdone, and not only gave him the cigar but said that I would give him Ilia -? dinner if ho would toll me how lie had man. aged it. Ho agreed, and iu a neighboring restaurant he explained that he had caught the express aud got in ahead of my train.' . Criticism as is Criticism,— Ool. ' I'at ' Donan doesn't like the play of 'Hamlet.'' Hear the eloquent, adjectivesiingsr: ?' I have 110 patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dihipitated old ghosts in tin helmets ? aud green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight j everlastingly threatening todosomething, and novel' doing ii ; driving his sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by hisdiine-musoum freaks ; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of hehys lories; and at last, running a section of bnr? bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go pig-sticking style, through his dead gill's brother, and dying himself, lo slow fiddle music, amid a general carnage of lunatics and wreck of absurdities.' Scnator-alect Regan, accompanied by o vigorous Republican member, was going oun tour of inspection through tho elegant now quarters of the Jefferson Club recently, mnk lig various perlinont comments. Ml'. WJlistlor. Hie eccentric artist who conlinu.'s to '? disappoint two continents,' appeared at the opening oE Ilia - I rosvenof Gallery exhibition, wearing yellow gloves, a yellow H'-rkii-', carrying a yellow cane, and having a yellow sill: handkerchief sticking out of his breast pocket, 