SCKATCHINGS IN THE CITY. I [By A Pencil."! That every line which written liere may be Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every langh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought; That, cut or thrust or lend approving cheer. Aim may be honest, thought and purpose olear. My first duty is to acknowledge tbe cour teous reference of the Lantern (whose political cartoons last -week were almost worthy of Du Maurier) to " The Scratchings," and particu larly to my protest against the genial comic editor's suggestion that newspaper people accept bribes and work against their con sciences. It now appears that the intention was to satirise tbe fashion in which they are offered rewards by people who have little axes to grind. But that they accept them ? No, friend Lantern, no; not one in a thousand. Newspaper writing in Adelaide is not influ enced by the advertisements — indeed, the writers are in nine cases out of ten often ignorant that there is any advertisement in the case. But these things are done differently by the enterprising Yankees. I met an American Consul some time ago. He had been a press man in his native land, and, of course, whilst visiting us he was specially interested in our newspapers. " D'ye know," said he, " one thing that strikes me herejie, that your papers don't make money enough out of folks, and the writers are a eet of fools "—fools whom, by the way, he qualified with a strong word. " How should.they alter ?" l asted. " Well," he replied, " take my own case, was working on a Cslifornian paper, snd one ■ "Thursday.a seir nail way, built by a company of whioh General was chief, was to be ' 'opened. I was told off to describe the event. On the Wednesday might I went to General end said—'Well, General, I've got to report on jonr railroad and the soenery which you hope will attract passengers and induce people to buy your laud grants. Now, I can Make the description good or bad, which shall it be ?' *What would you like ?' asked the General. I said a little block of land at the terminus would come in handy. The grant was made out to me there and then, and in about a year it was worth a thousand dollars." But there!—I hope friend Lantern and I understand each other now, and I believe that we are both striving for the right in our own different ways. The Lantern recalls the Boys' Brigade, be cause its proprietor, Mr. Murphy, works and begs most actively and successfully in its behalf, and the Boys* Brigade recalls those pioneer half-crowns so kindly sent to you by Mrs. Goodehild and "A Sympathiser." Ladies and gentlemen, we have £4 15b. to raise yet, and we'll raise it, eh? Shan't we all feel prouder when we see a snug little corner of the Brigade library filled up with good books i»y the Kapunda Herald?s readers, and when we know that we have checked a few of God's little waifs in their course along the downward path, and helped them a little bit at least along the higher and the better ? Eh, and gentlemen ? One item of talk in political places is that Mr. Coles is no longer leader of the Opposition —a position, it is only fair to add, which he never had a wish to fill. Upon another well kaown member do the malcontents look as upon the country's Saviour, and in a few dajs we shall probably hear what he has to say for himself and for his party. Mr. Oolce would he among his followers, for no man is more Joyal to a party than your senior member, de spite his independence and bis sharpness. In the. meantime, now thatj Mr. Bray's * policy has settled down into people's minds, if froth can settle, you hear most unusual expressions of dissatisfaction with it, even amongst the Ministerial supporters. There is general agreement that Mr. Bray spoke under (Constraint of some sort, and that he was never himself for one moment throughout all the evening of the speech. There is reason to believe.that the elections will be pushed on much earlier than usual, and that in the firat batch, of districts candidates will have difficulty in hurrying through their meetings in time for the day of polling. At this moment there is a prospect that Ebenezer Ward will surmount his insolvency troubles in time to save the country by representing Frome again. Whilst other less worthy legislators are agog j fritfe excitement, the prospect is rather gloomy for doughty old John Colton. They are increasing—he must decresse. On Satur day morning he came back from a trip to the Other colonies, whither he went to egoape from disease. But disease followed him, and as he stepped out of the train on Saturday morning he seemed to be merely the ghost of his former •elf. Good, kind-hearted, though wilful and misunderstood John Colton J Whatever he may lose he doubtless retains the comfortable possession of a quiet consoience! Sir Henry Loch arrived from Melbourne on Saturday for a ehoyt spell with our sick Governor. Sir Henry is sick, too; so invalid will probably wait upon invalid. Sir Henry — a good straight honest man, although he is a Governor—was « received" at the Bay by little Hatton Eiphards, $od "a Guard of Honor." A Governor, it seems to me, can't move anywhere without a guard of honour. It must be a precarious, flighty sort of honeur which needs such a lot of guarding. But does it need it ? I hear that a very radical candidate will, if he be returned to the Assembly, move that the Imperial Government shall be requested not to send to us any Governors in the future, and that the viceregal duties shall be performed by the Chief Justice, to whose salary an addi tion of £500 shall be made. Government Doman, and Marble Hill would then be let, or devoted to some other useful purpose; and in that way we shall save at least £8,000 a year. One thing which profoundly moves my : | radical friend ie the statement in the news papers that the Home Government intend to : «end out an assortment of English peers to fill /•.' Colonial Governorships, and a fear that ,'tf the peers, whom the Crown would select, would 1S | probably be not the three or four who of all the hundreds are pure in iife. Fancy Lord Colin -Campbell, for instance, or Buckingham, or tbe ]| Prince of Wales taking the place of our present f Governor, whose ahsolute cleanliness of life ,f and epotlesB purity of morals should be a .j| grand lesson to even tbe best of up, 1 When I find out 12 English noblemen *ho Lave any characters worth writing of, or who £§i would be fit to reign over us, I will send you |H their names to be printed iu red ink and ; g| Brobdingnagian letters. The preachers, with decreasing congre Rations and light collection boxes, are begin sung to see that, if they would have the 'v 3*1 of their doctrine appreciated, they must mix with it a good proportion of chaff to tbe bushel eo as to attract the unthinking in the godless world. Thej are now even advertising comic titles to their subjects of discourse, and the first column of the second page of the daily papers is sometimes funny j reading. The Rev. W. E. Rice, of North Adelaide Baptist Church, is the leading joker in this vray, but this week his voice is not heard in the City. The Rev. W. F. Main, a broad Carlylean Scotchman who preaches in the Norwood Institute, takes the title of " Dead Flies," and the Rev. H. J. Lambert, of whom X recently wrote to you, announces that he will talk to the people about the sin of " Making haste to be rich." That is nothing short of cruel sarcasm in these hard times. Much more thoughtful is Dean Marryatt's talk upon " Extravagance" in connection with the Lenten season at the Cathedral. Your Rev. Mr. Piatt, I ought to add, was severe upon the great Gladstone in a perky letter to the Register, and an enemy of Grind stone has sent the paper home with tbe letter marked, bo that Gladstone may be killed with grief. Nevertheless Mr. Plett's letter was, apart from its unconscious liigh-and- mighty style, very wise and very entertaining. This is the place to mention that at tbe Cathedral Spohr's oratorio " Calvary" is being given with grand effect by Mr. Bolte's choir, who complain, it may as well be said, that the congregations insufficiently pay them for chanting the praises of tbe Lord. But £ don't want to go into that. I only wish to point out how cruel tbe Press can be when it chooses. The Register's musical critio actually was so inoonsiderate as to say—" Mr. W. D. Reed was well-chosen as the represen tative of Judas Iscariot." Tt is rather un pleasant for a gentleman to be called " a capital Judas Iscariot." There is, however, another side to jokes like these. You have heard, of course, of the angry man who said to his friend speaking of a foe-r-whom be condemned— " Why he actually called me Judas Iscariot, and I didn't care." "Oh," was the reply, "perhaps not; but how would Judas Iscariot have liked such a comparison." 