CHAPTER II. There are few scsnes in New Zealand mote grandly tugged than the' Oban Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had formed their birouas on the 21th of Deo., in anticipation ot meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Era, the time night, a oa’m lovely night, with moon and stars Btud ding the dark blno oanopy of hc-.iven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of tho Auckland Bides, together with one troop of Caversham’a Horse. The latter had pitohedlheir tents on a small hill adjacent to wbora the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of tho sixty mon of the troop, ten of their number had been told off as guard, under tho charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply ot grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a timo to keep watch and ward over them. Taora were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores,—a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night, with no eye looking on. Tnis idea appeared to have taken posses sion of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said: “ Comrades, I need hardly remind yon of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here on the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very striot officer, and will punish tho_ slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on doty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?” They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rnm-pnnoheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about their welfare. There were others about tho fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-lookiug fellow, who had evidently seen more ot the ocean than terra firma, if ona might judge by hit gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the ser geant warned his men, waB deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water- spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a hare-logged-Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered the nmn tie place of “ Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-abont amongst the troopers. He could Bpeak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the most misohievous young vagabonds in maoruana. As the night waxed apaoe,. there arose a keen wind, which made the air biting cold, and Bet the whole tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpauiiu which covered tho stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two pereono- romoiood - by it,— Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceivo that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two. men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in hearing, but weak and yielding to puBilan imity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. .How oamethese opposit'Sto befriends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At tha storming of tha Maori stronghold “Te Itanga,” Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out side the enemy’s trench, from a severe gash in his side received during the attack. The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had’often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite.. And herts thoy sit by tho fire, with the dog between them, end a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to thedregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton risea hurriedly, wishes Cable “good-night,” and answers It is his turn for sentry, and ho is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. .Silence now reigns throughout the oamp, save for the wild soreeoh of the pelew out yonder by tho lake. Sanfly crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened, from bis rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth.. Sergeant E x'ey is standing with a pannioan in his hand, talking to tho sentry in a low earnest tone.. “ Indeed Charlie, I see no great harm ia a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. Wears not in town where it ooald be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis “ Perhaps not,” answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, “ Pray do as you please, you have command of tho guard; but l say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general erders, and Colonel Bartopp’s stern discipline ?” The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, “ Wait until you’re promoted again, CUarlle, then adopfc-my-pian—_.Ooe~side for. the men, the other for your’.friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inolined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Bed tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to the end of tho chap, ter. I’ll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a Bkinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through tho long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at onr hand? " “ Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter-master, but I ’ repeat, you are my superior officer, and—there are the eaBks.” “ Good. This fellow here seems a little apopleotio, we will bleed him.” “ With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole ? ” cried Charlie, laugh ing. “ No I Only a bungler wonld go to work that .way. See here, I havo a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow’s frontis . Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen f^at look, ho would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him.. But 'Charlie Stanton, measuring the mad by bis own standard, saw nothing in It save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who bad pluok enough to hazard his sergeant’s stripes for it. , Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sanfly beheld Exley holding the panni can over a thin stream issuing from one of the oasks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot 1 When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the surgeant plugged it up again. “ Now, comrade, take a nip.” ’ “After yon,” said Charlie, modestly, 513 “The girls we left behind us,” and the ser geant pat the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. “ I’ll give that pledge with all my heart,’ responded Charlie, in proof of which ho almost emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away his breath for the nonco, but that , was nothing—tfce r ijht waa cold. “What do you eay, shall wo refill the gob let, Stanton ? ” “ By all mean3, Exley, and the pot was .re plenished. “I did not expect we wore going to have suoh a jolly lime in general,” said the sentry, seating himself on one of the pnnclieons, ■ , with the can of rum between liis knees, « Come, Clem, take a sip and pass tho de canter.’’ In a Bhort time the measure was again . empty, and onoe more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. “ We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noioy. “ It is now past midnight, and I don’t expect the visiting officer before four o’clock.” « Oh, bother the visiting' officer—pass tho nappy, Clem.” “ I suppose you don't mind my reliev- - ing you when your two hours are up, Char lie ? ” “ Not at all. I am content to remain hera until daylight, providing you leave mo the j gimlet. Here’s your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general.” The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. “ Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,” he said. “II nonsense. Here, hold my . carbine, tho pot is empty.” One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and tlia sergeant’s companion is growing thick of speech and rather proBy. In another half- j hour tho poor dupe is Btapgering about, I moralising to tho empty air, like one of Con- I , grevo’s heroes. He will have another sip of | [ the liquor, and he has his way, for ho is i beyond reason how. The rum has mastered | him completely; anon he is nothing but a grovelliDg bundlo of humauiiy, his laugh , cracked, sense gone, and talking—ye Gods 1 i snob rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his \ glory. , The ofliaer of the night begins Ins rounds earlier than was expected. At three a m. the \ Commissariat Guard turned out at bis j summons, and was dismissed as correct. , ' “How many sentries have you, Sergeant . Exley ?” [ “ Only ono, Captain!” ( “ I will visit him.” i It was usual for two men of tho guard and the noncommissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the i sentries. Exley called two ef his comrades, ; who conducted the captain over to the stores, f but of oourso thero was no ono to challenge i their approach. “Halt,” cried the officer. “how’s this? where is your man, Bergeant ?” he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, tho Maori lad emerged from his biding, and pointed oat !he dark inhert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brought from the ten; aud they tried to rouse him, but in vain. Thero • appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking cask, tho gimlet, and-the pannsenn- halt full of ifquor on the ground beside him, told ita own tale 'plainly. . “This is a very unfortunate matter,” cried the eergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tono. “ What is to be done, air ?’ “Done! why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course," responded tho captain, “ Carry the poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his sfead. “ l it report to Colonel Bartopp on my return, Good Moruing camo with its rosy blush tinging the bill tops und kissing ihe sleeping encamp ment "into renewed life. It found‘.Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before (ho guard-tent where liis unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. “ Is tliia but tho prelude to her dream T’ be muttered. “ Gad, it would seem so. nero are the circle of hill3 around, bare and treeless ’.overlooking the valloy below. Yonder the Oh an Lake gleaming in thu eaily sun liks a J burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first aat of tlia dream ?—the formed square, and the man tied to tho triangles? We shall Bee. Charles Stanton, it would have been wotl had thou or I never scan Iviora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt sea the rat ready. And now to snatch an hour’s rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment tho voice of Sandy was heard call ing for Snap, ths retriever, who ran frisking ' towards tho lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Gable. • {To be continued.) 