Simonsen's Royal Italian Opera Company. "Faust" was repeated on Saturday night, and went extremely well, all the principals being in excellent voice. On Monday- Donizetti's famous work " Luerezia Borgia" was produced with a strong oast. The argument of the opera is as follows : —Luerezia Borgia, wife of Alfonso, Duke of Ferrara, suspecting that Gennaro, a youth of unknown parentage, is her son, seeks him at Venice, obtains an interview, and has her suspicions confirmed. Some companions of Qennaro surprise them, and proclaim the lady to be the infamous Luerezia Borgia. Luerezia is determined to be revenged. Gennaro and his friends repair to Ferrara attached to the embassy. Taunted as the lover of Luerezia, Gennaro Btrikes the initial letter from the word • Borgia' inscribed on the ducal palace. En raged at the insult, the Duchess exacts a promise from her husband to punish tho culprit with death. Gennaro is lodged in the palace dungeons. Believing Gennaro to be the Ducheßß's paramour, the Duko grants her petition. The prisoner is ushered in, and Luerezia, in horror, beholds Gennaro. The Duke bids her choose the mode of his death, • the dagger or poison. She decides for the poison, and presents the draught to Gennaro. Luerezia, however, possesses an antidote, which sho compels Gennaro to swallow, and aids his escape. Gennaro is about to leave Ferrara, but his friend Orsini induces him to remain for a fete. At night, in the midst of their carousing, Lucrc/ia appears, and informs them they are all poisoned. Gennaro starts forward. Luerezia, horrified, dismisses the others, and conjures him again to have recourse to the antidote. In hts nige he is about to plunge a knife in her breast, when t>he tells him lie in n 'Borgia.' CJi'iinnro refuses tlio antidote, aii'l dips, h:iving nn-t ltarnt that Luoreziii. is his mother. So far as the stage effects were con cerned there was nothing exceptional in, the mounting of the play on Monday night, but the drcsscH of both principals and chorus wero very fine, and indeed worthy of better surrouudings. This, by- tho way, has been a feature of all the operas as yot produced here by Mr. Simon sen's company. "Lucrezia Borgia" last evening was not altogether the sucoessvwhich it was expected to be. There is nothing so particularly difficult in tho music of this opera as to place it beyond tho scops of the ladies and gontlemon whose names appeared in the cast; on the contrary, it in a work which they should produce even in better style than some of those in which they have already appeared. The cause of the unsatisfactory performance of " Lucrezia Borgia " is not far to seek. The " westerly winds," which have occasioned so much inconvenience to the rest of the public, have not allowed these vocalists to pass scathless. None of them were so seriously affected as to be unable to sing, but in regard to all of the principals it was clear that they knew their voices wore not in the best order and feared to place any strain upon them. As a conse quence, music which under other circumstances would have had full justice at their hands, went somewhat tamely. Even in the more exoiting Bcenes of this intensely dramatio story, tho performers dared not permit them selves torise to the pitch of enthusiasm which we have bo often admired, and the opera as a whole was lacking in that gusto and brilliant dash which tho company has always heretofore dis played when occasion demanded it. Yet there should be one exception made in speakirg thus of the performers. Signor Lazzarini, who last weok was suffering from so severe a cold that it was half feared he would be unable to play in "Lucrezia Borgia," had almost recovered the full command over his vocal organs. In tho part of Gennaro, he sang ex tremely well, though not quite at hit) best, and his acting was throughout pleasing. The infamous Borgia was played by Signora Ciuti, who samg the music faithfully, and especially in the last two acts rivalled any of the exhibitions of dramatio power and feeling which she has yet given us. But her voioe was wanting in the mellow sweetness which it usually displays; and although she exerted her self conspicuously in the romance, " Com 6 bello," and in the aria, "M'odi,ahm'odi,"and for these, and nearly all of the scenes in which Bhe took part, was loudly applauded—she was evidently singing under difficulties. Signorina Cavalleri was also in poor voioe. However, she sang the favourite ballad "II segreto per esser felioi" so well as to gain tumultuous applause and an encore for the first verse, and for the second a repetition was also demanded but declined. It was fully expected that Signor De Alba, as the Duke Alfonso, would make a decided hit, for music bettor suited to the magnificent resonance of his tones could not well be imagined. Unfortunately he also waß attacked with - hoarse ness, and although he aoted admirably his vocalisation was not nearly so fine as he certainly is capable of. The beautiful oavatina "Vieni! la mia vendetta " was his beßt effort, and ho certainly earned the enoore he was obliged to give, although evidently he would rather not have done so. Signor Benucoi and Mr. Morgan as Bustighello and Gubetta respectively very creditably filled the parts, and the other minor characters were also ade quately played. The choruses were all very well given, and the orchestra was as near per fection as could be desired. The opera was repeated on Tuesday evening. Mozart's opera of " Don Giovanni" was performed on Wednesday evening. The argument is as follows: — Don Juan, a rich and licentious nobleman, living near Seville, is inflamed by the charms of Donna Anna, daughter of the commandant of that city. Under cover of the night he enters her room, and endeavours to obtain possession of her by force, but is compelled to fly, and is pursued by the lady, who lays hold on him and detains him until her father, alarmed by her outcries, hurries to her assistance. The com mandant and Don Juan fight. The former is killed, and Don Juan escapes undiscovered. In his attempts on Zerlina, a peasant girl, Don Juan is baffled by Elvira, a lady whom he has deserted. Through Elvira, also, Donna Anna recognises Don Juan as the murderer of her father, and she induces Ottavio, her lover, to swear to be revenged for his death. At a fete given by Don Juan, he attempts the ruin of Zerlina, but is prevented by Donna Anna, Elvira, and Ottavio, who, gaining admittance into the palace in disguise, denounce him before the company, and drive him out with threats and execrations. While prosecuting a new intrigue, Don Juan one night finds himself with his servant, Leporello, in presence of the equestrian statue of the commandant. This affords him a vehicle for jesting and merriment, in the midst of which a voioe from the stone man warns him that his mirth will be changed before the morrow. Nothing daunted, Don Juan invites the statue to supper. The invita tion is accepted, and Don Juan departs with his servant, undismayed and unawed by the interposition of supernatural powers and the menace of impending destruction. The same night, Don Juan is seated at supper, attended by Leporello. A knock is heard without. Leporello hastens to answer it. He returns with terror in his looks—he cannot speak. To explain the seeming mystery, Don Juan is going out, when he meets the statue of the commandant entering. He had forgotten the invitation, but bids Leporello prepare another supper. The marble man comes not to partake of mortal food. In return, he invites Don Juan to sup with him. Don Juan consents, and gives the statue his hand in pledge. The stony fingers close upon Don Juan'a hand; an icy shudder creeps through his frame. In vain he endeavours to extricate himself. The statue, with solemn voice, bids him repent. He scorns repentance, and defies his fate. Thrice he is warned; thrice he rejects the warning. The marble fingers unclose, the statue sinks, and demons rising, seize on Don Juan, and carry him to the abyss below. The action is laid in and near Seville. The performance of the opera was wit flMsfed by Sir Anthony Mtugrave and by one of th* largest dress circle audienoMthat hal assembled since the commencement of the season, and it was worthy of even more liberal patronage. Signor Pimazzoni, who on all occasions has proved himself a capable actor and invariably reliable singer, was cast in the partof the amorous, vicious, audyet < ourayeous Don. All through his performance ho was ex cellent, but in tho scene in the third act, where his honchman, the equally licentious but moro chicken-hearted Leporello, com mences a serenade to the Donna Elvira which Giovanni ends for him, Signor Pimazzoni sucoeedod entirely in sinking his personality and assuming that of the audacious libertine who will run all risks and face all dangers to gratify his propensities. In the last act, too, where ho at first jeers at the equestrian statue, erected in commemoration of the virtue of II Coramendatore—who in fuir fight and while defending his daughter's honour fell by Gio vanni's sword—and is afterwards horri fied to hear from the marble lips a reply to his mocking taunts foretelling his doom, Signor Pimazzoni was very effective. His gaiety vanished, and as the ghostly declama tion reached his ears he assumed an air of unbelieving bravado. In the next scene the interruption of the feast by the entranoe of the invited but unwelcome ghost was treated with a like skilful outward simulation of a courage which only cooled when the stony Bpectre grasped his hand, and the melodramatic ending camo to all the gay rake's crimes and frolics. Signor Pimazzoni had a large share in the con certed music, which was the most enjoyable part of the performance, and ho sang very well indeed. Of his solos the aria " Den vieni" waß the best. The part of Donna "Anna does not give opportunity for so much display as others in which Signora Tagliavia has appeared, but her representation of it was very pleasing, and her singing of the urias " Or sai chid'onore" and " Non mi dir" were equal to anything she has done in Bris bane. But perhaps the most unexpected triumph of the evoning fell to Miss Graupner. Hitherto this young lady has had little oppor tunity of displaying the powers of her sweetly fresh voice, but in the part of the Donna Elvira there was some of the most tuneful, and also most difficult, musio in the opera, and she sang it with an accuracy and tastefulness which far exceeded the expectations of her hearers. There was no indication of that nervousness which might have been excused in a young singer attempting a leading part, but she sang with perfect confidence, and ncr voice was fully equal to all the difficulties of the musio. Signornia Rebottaro as Zerlina was also very successful. Her acting, as it always is in the lighter class of characters, was charm ingly free and unconstrained, and her singing of the splendid bravura passages with which this part abounds, was, as is usual with her in music of a like olass, extremely beautiful. Signor Buzzi entered into all the fun of the first three acts with gusto, and was very amusing, although he was careful to exaggerate in nothing. In the last act he was to the life the abject coward intended to be represented. All his music was given with his customary care. His principal solo "Mada mina" waß loudly applauded, but an encore was denied. Masetto was played by Signor Ceroe, and his makeup was undoubtedly the best thing of the kind that has been as yet attempted by any member of the company. His acting and singing were equally satisfactory. Signor De Alba was II Oommendatore. He had not a great deal to sing, but his grandly rolling tones were heard to great advantage during his brief appearances on the stage in the first and last acts. The part of Don Ottavio was fairly well played by Signor Santi nelli, and his singing of the aria "II mio tesoro" was well received, though it was not equal to Borne of his other efforts. Many of the solos were redemanded, but in no case was a repetition given. The trio " Protegga il giusto" in the second act between Donna Anna, Donna Elvira, and Don Ottavio wa«? splendidly given, and in this, the only case,, an encore was allowed. The staging of the opera was satisfactory, the dresses being admirable, and the scenery appropriate. The small amount of chorus work there is was very well done, and the orohestra, under Signor H&zon;, did ample justice to the marvellous effects with which Mozart has overlaid beautified the vocal score. The opera was repeated on Thursday evening. 