"THE CHRISTMAS CAROL." What we foreshadawed yesterday of tlio re cital by Mr Locko Richardson of Dickons' "Christmas Carol", being a surprise to tho audience that attended the Theatre Royal last night proved to bo absolutely correct; No reader of tlio story could have' p.onn.rttvPfl Hint out of tho incongruous mixture of ghosts, wretchedness, and humour, a coherent, effective representation could bo depicted that would entertain and entrance an audionco for a eouplo of hours. A more difficult task could scai- coly bo selected tlmn the making of a recital out of such a tale, but when Mr Richardson chose it ho had full confidence in his powers, which caused tho audience to acknowledge were almost munvDwim. a nLUUUIIL Ol tUQ pCCUliar genius of Dickens he had perfectly mastered tho spirit of tho author, aud became so saturated in his sympathy witli it tliat tlio characters em- budicd iu the tale seemed realisms figuring on the stage. Old Ebeiiezcr Scrooge, tlio miserly clutching, grasping, old sinner, who rebuffod ali kindness, aiid morosely suppressed all merri ment ho could check, was drawn ivith n fidelity that loft no trAit in tho rcpullatit character that iVas not vividly illuminated. To him Christinas ivas- a humbug that brought no cheer to liim, and lie would not assout idle people to bo cheerful. Iu this slate of mind ho retires to his miserable chamber, when the ghost of his old pni-tner Marloy visits him,' laden with chains, as ponalties for a misspent lifo. Mr Riclmrd Bon gave an efl'ectivo rendering of this scene that terrorised Sol-oogo, arid worried him to avoid a siriiihir fata. Tho fust spirit to next wait upon Scrooge is Christmas past, who pre sents to the Iattof's view the life of his younger years, in which thero occurs the scene with Fizzigig entertaining by employes and friends at Christmas. . This formed a bright breezy cha»"u from tho former sombre pictures showiii" Fizzi- gig's legs dancing with porplexing briskness, The cutting Antl capering of- this lively spirit shedding Happiness around' Seemed a reality and gave an oullot to tho peculiar humour which Mr Richardson delineated with great zest. Ho even astonished more Than that' by his extraordinary capacity for excelling in giving descriptions, which aro not Aupp'uSed td admit of display in elocution. Tho appearance of a gooso with its gravy, its sago arid oniuiis, tlio glee it occasions iii an expectant family, t10 tea, coffee, and apices it) a grocer's shop, where all made by him to have a special aroma; and to be described iu glowing words.. In both humour and pathos ho excelled and was particularly effective in thu scene whore old Scrooge has the curtain drawn over his future lying dead, unattended, unheeded, with out a friorid, his very shroud torn off' him to bo sold to a rascally Jew in a marine store. Mr Richardson was particularly, striking In this sceilo; depicting an Irish woman, the old .Jew, arid the horrified Scrooge; who is porm'ittpd ihio glance at the future. ; In the pathetic, Ih'b best scono was tho death : - .of. ' Tiny Tim. In the closing - part of thu tale, he . described; tlio reclamation ' of Scrooge nnd'his liberality with great point, giviiig the, Wornl arid purpose of the talo; with telling dramatic power. Tlie audience loudly Applauded"' him .at the jploso of .his recital, aud were pro. rioiiucpdVm't'lj.eir. admjratjpu of his versatile ability, VtliaT was amply diSjilayed Iu tho Hitting dud ; changeful grouping of chsiracturA And pictures of common-place ; life. Tliey' endorsed all tho high commendations that preceded his advent to the town, aud hope to see him return and giv'd another recital. 