HEY. CAXON CHAL31EKS ASD CATHOLICISM. TO TH8 EDITOR. Sin,—In your report of the first lectnre on the above subject there are some most important state ments which it would be desirable for the Rev. Canon to reconcile or explain, lie stares, '* Christ came upon earth to found a church, which should last for ever, and against which the gates of Hell should never prevafl." According to the learned lecturer, this prophecy of our Lord was falsified, and his pro mise proved to be unreliable, for to quote the iter. Canon z 44In the seventh century heresy and disunion prevailed, and overturned and rent asunder this Church which Christ had guaranteed would be in vulnerable against all such assaults." Again, on the ' eve of the Saviour's ascension into Heaven, he com- I iorted those who were left to battle against oppres- I sion and persecution by the promise WOuld send the Holy Ghost; the Spirit of Truth, to abide with His Church, and direct her for ever. From the 1 lecture at will be learnt that, although Christ pro mised that the Holy Spirit should remain for er-er. as a matter of fact he only remained until the 7th cen- I turr, at whieh period—the Church being assailed by j heresy from within, and violence from without—in I this, the darkest hour cf peril and trial, the supe;- I natural guide suddenly deserted his charge, and lex* f the uahelmed and unpiloted vessel to drift before the storm—a helpless heresy-logged wreck amid the shoals and reefs, by which she was encompassed. Were tins statement made oa a less weighty authority than that of the Rev. Canon, it would appear diffi cult of belief. Even judged from the low level of a worldly standard, what would Da said of a gulde'whb had vowed faithfulness to death piloting the ward entrusted to his care during the lets toilsome and dangerous portion of the journey, and then, with out warzuag,in the darkness of the night, when beset ' on all sides with dangers and difficulties, cowardly | and treacherously deserting his trust when his services j vera most urgently needed. Yet, this is precisely ! the manner in which, accoruing to utu ie/. lecturer, • the Church was betrayed in the 7th century by her » spiritual guide and director. But how is t.hfa to be ] reconciled with Scripture, and when we have thus the Sacred Text opposed to the dictum of the learned lecturer, which is the perplexed believer to accept r It is evident that if the Holy. Spirit fulfilled the promise of the Saviour, the Church must have been guided safely and unerringly through the dangers which beset her ; but if the Church were permitted to become the victim oi error and the prey of heresy in the 7th century as asserted, then Christ's promise was violated,and His solemn word must have been pledged in vain. Either of these propositions must be true ; will the learned lecturer say which 5 If .Mr Chalmers admits that the sacred guide remained faithful, and that the promise of Christ was fulfilled, then the Church against which falsehood was never to prevail could not have succumbed to the difficulties of the 7 th eentoir. but must have successfully overcome these, and must be still gristing and flourishing ; in which case we have but to discover her by the nume rous signs by -which'' she is described, take refuge ' under her hoary, time- beaten shelter, and submit to be guided by her directions. But if heresy did pre vail, and the Church was overthrown, then the pro mises of its Founder are unreliable and even mislead ing, and the whole Christian system which rests upon T?fe teaching is a structure reared on falsehood, and as such utterly unworthy of respect. If the latter be true, it Is useless to waste time in further enquiry, and until the Rev. Canon states on which horn of this dilemma he prefers to be empaled, I will refrain from analvang several other Important matters referred to in his lecture.— 