THliE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AT SALE. SUNDAY EVENING'S SERMON. g On Sunday evening Ills Lordship took his I text from Kings II., 2 c., 90 ., " Elijah said r unto Elisha, ask what I shall do for thee be- C fore I he taken away from thee. And Elisha said. I pray thee let a double portion of thy o spirit be pon Inme." How would you feel, o asked tile preacher, if you knew that on rising from your couch in the mnoring you b would be suddenly informed by the voice of It God Himself that on that day you were to a pass away from this world, from all its into.e- t rests, and be uehered into a new state of I being? No doubt it is in His great wisdom a that God hides from each one of us the time is of our departure. Wee kno t when the b corning of our Lord shall be, therefore it is e our business always to be watching. Elisha t seems to be aware that the Lord would take t away his master, therefore every moment h was precious, and he always said, !' As the p Lord liveth, I will not leave thee." Per- a hops Elijah would rather have passed away I in solitsde. Ve know some sons of God have had that desire. 'Archbishop Leighton a is said to have cherished a codtinous desire p to die at an inn. His' felling was that he C would rathernot have his last moments dis- I tracted and made sorrowful by the spectacle v of weeping friends round about his couch; t rather would Io pass away in solitary com-b mune with God., Elijah asks of.Elisha whlat b he should do for him before he was takei h away. Whel they have-one, we hat.e no rea. c son whatever for tlinking that prayers of I the saints depaited can he of any value c whatever. It is a good thing `to ask. for the o prayers and intercessios of goaio men while I they live on earth, but therm is nothing in t scripture to encourage ua in'doing soafter I tley have passed 'away. :Ask what I shall t do, said Elijah, before I be taken away from a thee. Elisha replies in the words of bour t text, "I pray thee let a double portion of 1 thy. spirit be upon ae.' -.Thely afterwards t Walked forward, engaged in holy conversa- r tion. fHow glorious it was !, Only one other u case is recorded in scripture of a man pass. t ing away from the world and no'thrlough the gates of death, that is Enoch. We have i no'details of Enuoeh's life, but we are told ofu him iu the'book' f' Genesis'that" "Eieoch walked with God,'nud he ivas not, for God a took him." Elijah's translation to heaven I was grand beyond conception,.for it came ( to pass while they went on talking together c there appeared a chariot of fire and oirses a that parted them asunder; anid Elijah is i borne into the realms above in the midst of t a mighty tempest. 'Well might Elisha 'ex- I claim as his spiritual father 'aos' ascendl ing, "My father, my father, the chariot a of Israel and the horsemen thereof;"' as much as to say that Elijah hiai more of a I defence -to Israel than 'all its armed t men. .We' never knew hose muinch the i church loses by the departure of good men, i high-minded1, holy men, bold, fearless, and t courageous in standing.up for their Lord I and faster.in the smidst of amwicked world. Let us follow such men while they arr.with i us. The typical?chiracter.of ,this event: t lwhieh tihe text 'brings before 'us to-night" is, first, that Elijah is a typo of par Lordl I Jesus Christ in His ascension into Heaven, a Elijah went np in the body as the Lo:d I Jesus did. He went up'i6 'th' presence of witnesses as Jesus went up in the presence t of His eleven disciples. "lkit'we know that 1 whereas there were a chariot of' fire and I horses of fire seen in the 'lofty'distance; the ls Lord Jesus Christ ascended without any such t awful phenomena as these." We know too that these two ascensions differ in a manner n corresponding to the dispensations to which l they respeetively belonged. Ellijah, we know, represented the stern spirit of the I law that descended upon Mlounit Sinai when the ten commandments were given. He called fire down from Heaven to consume the t sacrifices, nod he it was who challenged the prophets of Bial to a combat, s to which l was the true God, and therefore there seems to be some propriety in the chariot of fire and horses of fire appearing as if it were the t carriage of the Most High God, sent to take I the prophet to His celestial hlnme. Whenlo the sons of Zebedee desired to call down fire from Heaven afterwards on the inhospitable Samiaritans as Elijah did, Jesus reproved tiem. They were not to return to the dis pensation that was to' vanish away.: Ac cordingly when our blessed Lord iscended, hse was not surrounded by any such terrible and awe-inspiring phenomena.' Ho lifted up' His hands aind blessed His disciples;imsnd it came to pass while He was doing this; le de parted, and a cloud received Him out of their sight; nothing awful, but all serene and beautiful. We are reminded of. the contrast whlich the scriptures teach whoen it is said that the law was given by Moses, but grace, and truth came by Jesus Christ. Elijah anil Elisha were two very differesnt men. God gives differesit gifts to His diffe rent servansts, and it is to be noted often times that when one servant of God is'a fled away, his place is taken byisnother, whlo has his own peculiar work to fulfil. Elisha was to take up and carry forward his great pre decessor's work in the churel. What lie wanted, was a double.. portion of Elijah's spirit, that spiritual power swhich was the source of Elijah's influence. 'Whatever real power accompanies the administrationi of graee in the conversions'of the ungodly and the building up of the Church of Christ, that comes not frolnm mran, but from God. s There-' fore no prayer coiuld hake been' offered up by Elisha more fitting thau"this;"Grant that a double portion of Thy spirit be upon me." What Elisha longed for was granted; Sthe mantle that Elijah dropped :became the property of Elisha. It proved thle out ward sign of an inward spiritual grace, and s when the sons of the prophets,: "r whiclh were to view at Jericho, saw him,"t after SElijah's translation;' they ex?lailted, "the spirit of the Lord doth 'rest on Elishla." If you study the lives of the too imen, you will see that whereas the ministry'of Elijah was distinguished by grand 'niltd'avfnl circum stanced-for the life of Elijah the Tishbite was one of the most romantic lives in the Bilse--you will find Elisha's miracles more numerouls, and his influence moro.wislepread than that of his snaster. 'How truly typleal this of our Lord Himself in relation to His dlisciples ' I dare say yon.hlave ofteno,taken noti 'ofl this,. tihat our' Lurd' ipserusnal ministry'on earth so lung as it lasted, was cmiparstively inoperative as regards tlse power of leading men to eonfess themselves to be his disiples, ilho isere a inre habiltd fil at thei time of hiis ascension. "Vlien'the lHoly Spirit came down on tihe day of Pente cost, what a manifestation of spiritual power there was then. uIfvlu meh'nimore effective were the ministrations of our Lord's apostles Sthan those of the Lord Himself. He told. them this would be so. He said, he tlhat be lievethl in me, the works that I do lie shall do also,'and greater works than theise.' Elisha received a double portion of Elijah's spirit. In like manuler, after Christ's ascension, on the day of Pentecost, His apostles were baptised with the Holy Ghost, thlousands Iehlieedl the Gospel, the ciurchl grew asd milstiplied, ansi very soon tie grain of mus. tard seed bceam a great tree. Look at our great missioasry annivertaries that are held in Exeter Hall, Lonldos. W'hat rwoderfsl evidleses of the triumphl of thle cross of Christ. Thie spirit of our ;aceuded eLord Ioests upon thie people now, as Elijah's plirit irested oni Elisha. Let us pray thens that tihe spirit of Christ Imay be posured on Ilis chirchl, npon each of Ilis slieiterilg servatls, tIhat they imay be clothed sithl a mres pIotent mantle than tiht which Elijah wore, asl thalt the welsrds sptken sy their smouths, accsitmpanied Iy the spirit of IlHis love msay inever be sipoken itn vait. ThaIUt whichi is tmo'st urgently needed ill order to lueet thle spiritual nleeds f this dliocese or anns plrt of the wlorll is sa nnore eopiouas outpouring of I od thie Holy (;host. Let a prayer go up to hIeaven fruom all praying people itn iippsland for thisE. Elijah said to Elisha, ask wslat I shasll sdo for thee before I he tiaken away from thee. IBut ino' ,ntih:e an ilmportant \- point of conltraest. Ilij:al ssid, hfor, be h taken away frome tthee, imsplying tlhat it twoutl ble no use to olffer this petition after swards. To fi;ith in our blessed l.ord, ltrayer is far i nore availing no \\\', though 1ie has beet I taken away frot us thlan it was while lie w 's still on earth. \VIhat doCs lie sat"y t 'IThat " swhatsoever ye shall ask the Father it My snamo Htsllah:ll give it you. I hares seen mutch to enecorage ise aisce I ctame to visit your town of Sle.Ss , anL more partieultr'ly in ohbservisg the g1od healty loyal feeling for' Ithe Churchl of EI:nglanl, thIe church of ou fathlers, th',t existOs i this townI. I h:t've seet it in thle pullic meetisg thle othler day; 1 I Ihauve seen it it thle l'rge e'sgre,'tations, iumorninug, noon and ervenisg. 1 beliceve there is no typo of piety so likely to endure, to train up faithlful, eise, atd unseful Christians as thIe type of picty eucLouragted it the churcl of our fathlers, ta which it is our privilege antd Ilouosr to belohtg. Never let us forget, Ihorevrer good our mslchinery isay be, hsow ever large our congregationss, however illlt-rous our commllnliLctallts or outr canldi dtats for conlirlationll, otr the strollsg altteiC ment of our pD:rpie to, the constituti,m, Sorgani?ltion, 'ti'tgs at (tl't.'e'teltonties of our e clurch, that whis h w'l need it or ler tilt ftse ehureh may really do her nisseion in tlic world is a mnreeopioosontpoluniaggfGbli the IHly Ghoilot. Look at that Ieautifnl sailing cessel, the sails all set to catch the favouring gale. Lookat the construction of the ship, all perfect, with all the neweot appliance,. Look at the crew, all sober and skilled, and ready to guide the ship to its haven. Of what use is this muless the favouring wind arise to swell the sails and impel the vessel anwards? And it is just so with the Church of Christ. However beautiful and well adapted to the purpose her machinery may he, that which site lacks in order to mnake her go forth "fair as the moon, clear as the nun, and terrible as the army with banners" to overcome the world, is the presence of the Holy Ghost in the midst of her. Ever re. nember this. Remeember that the same God is in the midst of her, therefore shall she not he moved, God shall help her and that right early, the God of Jacob is nor refuge. If that be so, shite is sure to become a praise in the earth wherever site is found. E:ijah in kis as:enaion to heaven is a type of Christ's people who shall still be living in the world at the second coming of our blessed Lord. When the second advent of our blessed Jesus will take place we know not. We ought dal to be desiring it, and longing for It, and praying for it in proportion as we love Chrint,'ns we love to hold communion willth Him.' We shall think it a blessed thing when He shall come again in Ilis glory to take His people to Ilim.lf, for they shall behold him no longer through a glass darkly, but face to face. When our Lord was anyy lng farewell to His disciples hi' the upper chamber the evening before His crucifixion, He knew that' there would be nothing so calculated to comfort them in the prospect of His leaving them as for Him to say that He went to prepare at place for them, so that where He was thote they might Ie also. Hee knew that would comfort them more than anything else, to know He was coming again. When He comes again there will be those who have passed away in thes Lord before His coming, and those who will be the living. No doubt there will be a vast number of them. The population of the world is growing year by year and cen tury by century; and, thank God, the number of the disciples of Christ is becoming greater and greater also, and when the Lord shall come again there will be a great number of theni in the world alive~. What will happen to the vast num her of people, those tens of thousands of Christian men and women who will be livine on earth at the time of our Lord's seconc advent? .Our Lord's aseciusion into Heaven is intended to create in us a lively expects tion of His comiang again. Canl you remem berwhen the angels spoke to tle Lord's disciples as they at:od gazing at Him as lie went up! TTheyaddresaal them thus:-"Ye meintof Galilee, why stand ye gazing up to Heaven? This same Jesus which is taken up front you into liHeven, shall so come in like manner as ye havte seen Him go." As mucll as to say, go back to Jerusalem and carry out your commission. Elijah was provided with a human body. A human body like ours may be received into glory without passing through death, That was the case with Elijalh, and now it may be re earlded.as a type of all thie faithful who shall be living on earth at the time of our' Lord's second coming.. St. Paul says they that are left unto the Scoming of the Lord shlall be caughta up into the clouds. Christ has en tered ihto Heaven as the forerunner of His people, ?and they who have been taught by His spirit below to ascend there in heart and minld shill one day ascend in body also, ins Elijah did, to be forever' with the Lord, for where the head is there shall the mnembers .e also. iThe practical question for each one to ask is :-Have I the spirit here, His great power which shall notonly make me holy in this life, but paut into my minhd good desires, enabling me to carry into good elffect that same indwelling that will prepare mil and make me meet for my Lord's eecond conm ing? Whether my body dies or whether I shall hacaaongntthelivingat that blessed time it matters not, for by the indlwelling of the spirit of God in me I shall be permitted to see my Lard and enjoy His blessed presence for ever. On this day, between thirty and forty young people were admitted to con firmation, and they are about, I trust, to draw near to the holy table. I pointed out to themn this afternoon that tile great bees. ing sought for and expected at the time of confirmation is the gift of God the Holy Ghost. That is what the Bishop prays for, and what the people are allowed to pray for, and candidates at confirmation are to expect. God will bestow the gift of His Holy Spirit to dwell in the,, and sanctify themn and make them ready for Him above. This is 'the gift we all need. It is a mniatter of great thankfulness to me that I have been permitted at this time to open my mission as Bishop of thke diocese amongst you, to re ceive such kind and cordial welcome from yon. What I desire and pray for is that the result of this visit may be, through God's great blessing upon my ministrations, that all may be incited to more earnestly seek that gift. Ask it in behalf of your minister, ask that (God will bestow the Itholy spirit upon him in a still larger measure in making him more than ever useful in calling sinnera to repentance, and in reclaiming the back slider. Do you pray foryr your miister? Is it your habit to rememher him in your earnest prayers, to ask that the word spoken by inim nlay have such success as never to be spoken in vain ? Ask it for your children, anad, parents, earnestly seek that this great blessing may be poured ouat on your children, 'The manna was sent down from heaven upon the wilderness round about the habitation of the Israelites, and each one was to gather it fa'r himself, or lie would derive no benefit froma the shower. Let each orie raise his voice ins prayer to.the blessed Lord and Saviour. lie will not reply as Elijah replied to Elisha, " Thou hast asked a hard thing," but rather ue will say, " All power is given unto me in heaven antd on earth," an,. " all things are possible to him that believeth." 