XEWS OF THE DAY. A public meeting will bo held at tho Town Hull this ovening to express practical sympathy with tlio unfortunate sufferers from tho recent Bulli colliery disaster. Tho chair will bo taken by His Excellency tho Governor, who will probably bo accompanied by tho Earl of Aber deen,! ex-Lord Lieutenant ot Ireland. Tlio Mayor of Melbourne (Cr. W. Cain) will explain tho objects of tlio meeting. Tlio following geatlcmcn will also moro or second resolutions : — His Honor the Chief Justice, tho Attorney-General, the Minister of Education, Mr. James Balfour, M.L.C., Mr. J. L. Purves. Q.C.,tho Bcv. Dr. Bovan, Mr. G. D. Carter, M.L.A., probably Sir James MncBain, and a number of other prominent citizens. The first resolution will bo cxprossive of sympathy with, and commisera tion for, tho beloved widows and orphans. Tho second will bo as to tho expediency of tho citizens of Melbourne und residents in (he colony assisting their brethren in Now South Wulcs '"n raising funds for tho relief of thoso who have lost their bread winners iu the Into calamity. The third and fourth will ho that a subscription list be opened- and a committee nppointed. A detachment of the Naval Be- sorvo will, with tboir hand, he in attendance. Tho Mayor of Melbonrnc has given sufficient consideration to tho circumstances connected with tho application of tho Eight Hours, -Anni versary Committeo to conduct tho usual pro cession through the streets of Melbourne on Eight Hours Day, to enable him to come to u . conclusion upon tho subject, and ho states that it is probable that lio wilt forward his answer to tho committeo to-day. Ho finds thnt ho' lias amplo authority by section 46 of tho Tramway- Act to regnlato the street traffic, and such delay as has been caused in arriving at a deter mination, ho says, resulted from the necossity of consulting representatives of tho Tramways Company aud tha poiico as to tho most con venient and safo way of conducting tho pro- - cession. His lottor will convey permission to proceed through the streets in the usual man-' ncr ; bat, so ns not to irapedo public traffic' moro than is absolutely necessary, tlio Eight Honrs Anniversary authorities will probably be asked to arrange that they shall pass over cer tain parts of tho tram lines within stated times, and the. trams will bo regulated accordingly, . Tho Postal authorities havo arranged to make up a supplementary mail to bo despatched by tiio steamer Ormuz on lier nrrival at Adelaido, That steamer leaves Hobson's Bay to-day with tho ordinnry mails on board. Tho supplemen tary mail will bo conveyed .to Adelaide by tho steamer South Australian, which lcaVcs tho Bay to-morrdtv, and will bo placed on board tho Ormuz at that port. The mail will close at tho Goueral Post Office to-morrow as follows : — Bogistcrcd letters at 4 p.m., and lotters and packets at 4.30 p.m. Tbo letters will havo to bear n late fee of 3d. cnch. Should tho South Australian not reach Adolnido before tho time appointed for tho dopartaro of the' Ormuz, the latter will await her arrival. Tho party of visitors who, on the invitation of Mr. John Nimmo, M.L.A., havo devoted the last two days to tho inspection of the Yan Yean sources of supply returned from their excursion yesterday evening. The guests in cluded bis Excellency the Governor, the Earl of Aberdeen, the lion. Sir. E Stanley, the hen. Mr. J. W. Mansfield, two of Lord Aberdeen's compagnons dn voyuye , Captain Traill, Mr. LangriJgc, anil the principal officers of the department. After a holt at tlio Yan Yean reservoir, the party proceeded up the Wallaby Creek to its juuction with Silver Creek, whore thoy camped far the night. The- following day was . devoted to >tho works collecting the waters of both Wallaby and Silver Creeks, and a rido over tho range to tho Jack reservoir,. Tha pleasure of tho excursion was materially, enhanced by tho fineness of tho weather, more especially on Thursday. Tho overcrowded state of tho lunatic asylums is a matter which has ofton bean dwolt upon In the colnmns of The Aye. In tho last annual report furnished to the Government by Dr. Dick, Inspector of Hospitals for tha Insane, particular stress was laid upon the phase of the question, with tho object of bringing it pro minently under tho attention of the Govern-': nient. The bonrding-out system has been sug gested as a method for relieving the asylums, and is considered one that might be very suc cessfully adopted in tho colony. The tenddncy now-e-days is not to confine people indiscrimi nately in ono large building, ivhcro all tha sur roundings aro suggestive of forced confinement and restraint. . ! One of tho chief purposes of tho latest scientific treatment in cases of. per sons suffering from mental deraugement is to avoid all semblauco of restraint, and to render everything as cheerfnl and pleasant as possible. In a word, everything shonld bo done to relieve a patient of the idea that ho is in a mad bouso. To this end tho cottugo system has been largoly introduced, and it is now thought that tho prin ciplo might bo extended by boarding out, under strict supervision, tho milder class of lunatics. Mr. M. H. Davies, who has been taking great interest in this subject, .with the viow of im proving tho present method of treatment, has been in consultation with Dr. Dick, who has expressed tho opinion that if fairly recompensed there would bo fonnd many persons willing to board and look after patients whose condition did not absolutely require perpetual restraint. In all probability the Government will act upon this advico and provide for it in tho Amending Lunacy Act to bo brought before Par liament. Tho royal commission on tlio extension of tho city westward yesterday took the evidence ot two officers representing tho Bailway dc? partment — namely, Mr. J. Luut,- engineer of existing linos, and Mr. W. Greene, Bailway Commissioner, and formerly engineor of exist-a ing fines. The views of both wore against tty#' extension of Collins-street through the exisjg railway station, on the grounds of unnecessary interference with tho Bailway deparfmcnt, and thoy agreed- that access to Uo' docks coald be obtained of a more practicable, character w'4 Fliudors-street whs widened, and via an overhead bridge /h extension iof , Latrobe-strect. Tho Vj«oriaq Bail- ; ways department are altoonher averse to 'porting with any of tkeir present property, even if tho sonthcrn porty® were sold at very high' "rates, and tho ipnoy handed over to theinrbecaiiso thoy baiovo that to purchase an equivalent amount /" laud would cost them ultimately more. /The representatives of tho City Council— -jl mayor and Mr. J. C. Stewart— wercory keen in their cross-examina tions, nnd apxious to orrive at any satisfactory solution </ tho difficulty of how to go further west. Their caso was' a plain one in theory, /hut beset with many difficulties of a practical and professional nature. Still what seamed lo bo th8 shadow of a tangible scheme of oxtension flitted over tho commission yester day, and nt least demonstrated, that the rail- ,'ivay can, be crossed nt moro than ono, point. Further evidence will ho taken to-day. : A return has been prepared by Mr. Smart Murray, chief engineer of water supply, on the" subject ' of Hangings 0? tho Murray Bivcr at Echpea. The period' /comprised, is from January, 1865, down to December of last year, and there are computed tbo nuudmam, .-mini-, mam ' and mean discharges in cubic feet per mi mite daring each- month of every succeeding year/ and also the 1 mean discharge iu gallons every 24 hoars. Tho gaugmgs wore token at the'railway bridge which creases the river, and : is 1lie means of communication . between Echpea and Moama; -Deductions, made- from -the' (records of SO years how .that the. piean mMtoly discharge In cubio feet .'per. minute is greater in October! than in any other mo , tho river nt thnt sctyon being, led from tho . pins flood waters snd the melting of snoi tho mountains. The drainnjo, area of Murray at Echnca, consisting of 13,200 sq ,. miles of ranges und mountainous country, : square miles of undulating country, and : / square miles of' plains, ' or q total j 19,400 square miles. Of this area 16 square miles arc— in. Victoria, .and ; ( i, . square miles in Now South Wiles. /ThY/-, proportion of rainfall on thisvtal.-ifs been / '/ 17.4 percent, in 1883 ; 0,C per cent, ii 1884 ; 12.4 per ccnk in 1885; and 11 pctccut. is 1886\. To eaabio some idea being formed of the ' flood discharge of the Murrey Bivcr nt Echnca, ; the engineer points out thnb daring the montbi of July, August and October,- 1870, tbo incur discharge was equal to rather more" than twiei the capacity ot tho Yonr Yctn. reservoir -ii every 24 hours ; whilst iir the mantlis o October and November in tie snmo ycur.it ivs equal to nearly three times the capacity ol lha basin in every 24 hours. I X. . Tho Cohuna Water Trust! yestorday waito upon the 'Acting- Minister, if Water Snpplj and explained that wheu they were origipall established as a trust, their application was f< authority to carry out n schtino of filling'tl j; creeks only bygravitntion fromithc Murray Eivo leaving it to tndividnal Inndjowneirs. ,topum i from tho' creeks. Theso works were est mated to cost £17,000, but .it was subsequent concluded by the ratepayers lj> go in for a m6 comprehensivo method of irrifition. Thetru accordingly desired to be brought under tl new. Irrigation Act, nud osicd for a loan £50,000, with authority to expend in neccsseu works the £17,000 referred to in advance i tho .Banction of Parliament. The Minist stated that.lho trust would first lmve to bor coastructod under tho new actj and could the take the necessary steps to obtain themlditioD loan to carry out its amended scheme, t In effort he would givo thorn overy asistaqc'o, ai would advance tbo funds nccesiary for mtikin tho surveys and estimates nnd perfecting tl scheme. Ha' also promised to consult th Treasurer as to whether tho' £17,000 could 1 nrado available for carrying out tho propose works in advanco of the sanction of Parlii mcnt. It is gonernlly bclioved that n considsrabl quantity of water not carried off by theBivi , Murray percolates through 1 tho earth, audi . that manner finds ' its' way to the sea. j Thi theory specially applies tq tbo north and.nortt western portions of tho colony, and tbofWate I Supply department 1ms therefore decided t J. carry out a systora of boring for artcskte-jK / in theso localities. A map has been prcbrei ' showing tho points where,- in all probaliity, theso escaped waters, may bo tapped. Thtyirsi ; trial is to bo mado at Buloke, ncarDclald, For-this purposo the department 'has recntlj purchased .a now drill, -oil what ij termcifcthl American clnb churn principle. Tho momini was manufactured in tha colony, and is specially adapted for artesian well sinking. The de " partm'ent in boring for water are djtormine'd t< be gnided by no local consideration), Tho postal authorities ' havo mate a numbei of alterations in tho rates of commission pai; to licensed stamp vendors in regard to the soli of impressed stamps.- From the 1st March el tliis ycar a commission of 3d. initio £ will Ix allowed to licensed-. < vendors and bant managers on Id. stamps pjrehased ' t< tlio amount -of £5 nml upmrds. Froa tbo samo date, to liccnsod vindors only, on Government bills and primissory not) forms, tlio undermentioned slanps, purchased to tho volao of £5 and upwards, Till be allowed commission nt the following rats : — On fqrmi bearing stamps ranging in vain) from 6d, te 10s,, 3d, in the £; from lis. to 40s., 2d, in tho £; and from 41s. to £10, Id. .in tho £. From tlio same date, - to licensed vendors only, on impressed stomps pnrchiiscj at one lime to tho value of - £20 : a upwards, and on hill and ' promiBSoq note forms, other than . those provide by the Government, commission will he nllotyci at the following rates : — On stamps ranginjj ii u value from 6d. to £10,- 3d. in the £ ; from 111 to 40s., 2d. in the £; and from 41s. to £H) I'd. (in tho £. It is specified that in no cm will commission bo allowed on fractional part of a'£, either on the amount of stamps ot an one denomination,' or on iho total valne of thi stamps purchased. i The Frahran bench of magistrates on Satu j day wrote to tho' Minister of -.Justice deairini . to be 'informed whether the roportod rerffuiAjk fj tho Chief Justico in regard to the liability, magistrates for costs in actions dismissed- i ' , consequence of errors made by their clerks whe issuing orders of conrt under tho Imptisoi moot for Debt Statute1 wore. correct. . Th Minister of Jnstico has replied that ho 'ha no means of determining whether th . newspaper reports of tho decision of the Qliie > Justice were accurate, but he had no donhttha the authorised roport, furnished alike to th Frahran and otheribenches of magistrates, wonli enable them ' to dotormine the point for them selves. Tho report referred to was containe in tho Australian Lata Times, and was t tho effect that it was ' the duty of tin jnstices to see that the clerks' of, their ; court wrote the minntos correctly, and that forth) fntnre ..the Supreme Court would hold th< jnstices responsible for their correctness,'. If tho justices wore. brought before the Supreme Court it would probably mdko the magistrate! pay tho costs that might be incurred by their neglect. , - " Considerable local influence has been brought to bear against the proposed' removal -of "(be diamond drill at Wandiligong. The Depart ment of Mines having dlcided to . transfer .thi plant to Mirboo for the purpose of boring for coal, instructions, were riven to the ' foreman to that effect. Tho resuft is that application! are made to retain tin drill, and the shirs council has passed a sp/ciai resolution to ttyaf . effect. The bore is already down 358 feet, and . it is calculated it could go down another SSO ' feet to strike the Goldei Bar reef, - as originally intended. A reply has, 'hcWevor, been sent by the department to the jffect that, as the pros? pecting board did notraoinmond boring in that locality there were no finds available for con tinning operations there Attention was drawn in yesterday's Age to . . tho overorowded condijon of tho mctropoWfltV,; and suburban Stato scbols, and to "the nices- i sity there existed foq Increasing the . praent number of bnildings, (This question has teen engaging the special qtention of. tbe Minjser, and Mr, Pearson has Jlocidcd upon makin) a substantial provision <n the forthcoming eti- , mates for coping witntho difficulty with wityh tho department is nowfaced. i ' ; The Postmaster-Gpcral was interyiejrid yesterday by - Mr. St lgbton, M.L, A., aud'a (Jeputatton from tho isidents of Tallsmarine who asked that in i turo the mails for thai district should be coi royed direct fromEisenl don, instead of being carried, as they were si present, first to th Broadmeadows ratiwaj : -. station, thence to ie township of Broad! . moidows, and finall to Tullamnrino via th( Oakleigh Junction. The deputation pointed out that this foandal mt method, of . conveying the Tollamarine moili resulted in a considerable and needless loss of t no,' that conld be.essiljj avoided; Mr. Derha i stated that he wss not prepared to give a deinite answer to thedepuj tation at that moment but he promised, to hats the matter inquired into by an -officer of th! department, and wouB then be in a position' to- decide what course tdodopt, : : " / . Bttherto railway action offices hove enjoyed 'comparative immuiity. from the depredations r of the enterprising brglor, but' it appears that' - this' stato of affaire iqnot to be allowed to exist : any longer. Only afew days ago the office at the Albert Park statin, on tho St. Hilda line,' - was entered' : by- thpves,' who ransacked the premises, but were, nitblo to carry away .any valuable spoil owinqto the' safo in whicht tha 1 money is kept- obsmately refusing- to open, I Yesterday morning, then the stationmaster at | tho Middlo, Park statpn,' on tha same line, ljcnt 1 to his office to commsce tho dutios of the lav, | he found that it had been broken into and: lbs t safo tampered with, j Tho thieves had'evideatly . 1 made strenuous effqes to break tho latter opBn, J but were unable to o so, and they retired dis- | comfited, leaving b find them certain tools 'by 1 fi whicli the police hi o to trace and discorcr thV'.'f owners thereof. _ > r j ""At the meeting if the .Vegetablo Products:., i j Commission, whicipiH take placo m tnf ooai/trVAl room <rf tho.LaJfc office aci/ at 11 o'clock, it islxpected that/ivlfnl-( i J be given on the ti iber q'ndstiopf-;?',>«1 VS Eraser, -M.L.C., a d.Mr. J./- Afhfcr | Mr James Shack. I, jtfj£ £ '" j meetings evidence Bailway depart; I Smith and ot iJber merchants and saw - . 9 meat, and by van ? Jfuslor hoiiaays will' be i rnlmssion in vjsitiug. scvorol a M ho viffl- ombo" wmricavolhr I rii llfn wb&ha;# irill drivo to.tiioHuthei: 9 rBkuruihgto town. thcy/willv® r 1 fhdtitsto f&st;&m-cdqu; and You Ymigsjr ' | the IJouday nmiTnoSliiy. ; fl Ti.'o i foiio vv&r; I .- wtru -rc-iicIr: v a accepted by thi Pablc Works doporlinciil. Alterations mil adtlllqna to tin. gaol,. Cm. : "8 line, JonathJNeWon, 483/ i J meZ&c.;, nt lifitl ot» station. nrU t e M-k.;:.." I near Diqmaua,E. W.Pishor, «3tWfe;J St.'Kild(\l0ttji Kaj-and'£houiptLi:,az- 11.,' 9 . ,on nfUnJe atvigtfftraMS, I G. Wst- ttxe £8475 3a. M.( fittings, Ac., pnHIc Tramlgon, II. Wallis, £303 ; fitting, A'J'-.-rart house, now public offices, M&lvern;, , Ira-in. £113 5s,; fittings, &c.;, cants house, - . nobho offices, Collingwood, J. Schtmu, :'8 10s. . Messrs. M'Nril and Both, of Melbourne, havo climated to tho Pablic Works department that ,'ihey are prepared to carry out tbo contract for f the const ruction of tbo third section of |the Watts River aqueduct, in accordance with the terms of their tender. Tho amount specified in flu- ten an,.- is £34,079 lis. 4d. The depart- m'ent have accepted the offer., , The Illustrated Australian Metis for April . is published to-day, and specially intercsliugat this time are the sketches tho number contains : cf the riiMSter at Bnlli. The frontispieco' is a reproduction of insiantancous photographs, i repreciiting the scene outside the blacksmitli's .bed, whero the bodies of tho riotims wore hid on being takcu from l..u mine. The mine ontrance, tbo interior nt tho, epot where ' most of tho bodies wore found, coffin making in tho streot, tho sorrow- fal funeral procession, and many other dreesome spectacles 'of the events nt- Bulli sinco the explosion, form the snbjccts of other sketches. Turning to other illustrations, there is a beautiful fuil-pago eograying of Bon.Lomond, in Otago, Mew Zealand, a really exquisite landscape. Two other bits of Kow Zealand sesnciy by . tho same artist are equally meritorious. A bush scene at Bluff Harbor is also a capital sketch in another style. The defedco works at Portsea are given in a bird's eye view, which enables tbo artist to introduce the picturesque surroundings of tho massive fortifications. An amusing sketch ot some of the scenes, at St. Patrick's day festival nt the Friendly Societies'; Gardens is. not tho' least attractivo Of tho. illustrations. Tho scene at the laying of the foundation stone of the Australian Church is cleverly sketched ; and careful ongravings havo boon executed of the rarely witoessbd sight of a camp of cnmols in the far north, and of tho splendid noWsteam- shlp Ormuz gliding up to tho Williamstown pier in the stillness of tho night, the vessel's electrie lights making the water glisten as if by moonlight. The letterpros3 is, as usual, replete with interest, both to country and town readers. Mr, Bobcrt Harper, M.L.A., was yesterday made tito- recipient of a presentation ifrora tho employes of Messrs. R. Harper and Co., on tho occasion of his departuro on a visit to Europe. The presentation took the form of two largo collections Of photographs, containing tho ¦por traits; of tho male employe of tho firm at Mel-, tournb/.and. Briibauo; in one frame, and at Bjdney and Adelaide in another. Mr. J. H. Brodie, mill foreman at Melbourne, presided, and the presentation was mado by Mr. P, J.: Browncll, office manager. , Rcferenco svasmtdo to tbe high standing the'firm had gained sinco the establishment of its bnsincss somb 25 years age, and to the good 'feeling which had at all times existed bettreen employers and employe. 'Mr. .Brodio proposed' Mr. Harper's health anil Wished ' him ton voyage, to which, Mr. Harper suitably responded. . ,Mr. ; Morris thgh proposed, the health and.foiig, continued prosperity.of tho! firm,' Mr. William and Mr- John Harporte-! sponding; Mr. Robert Harper sails by the s.s. Onrius to-day. Some snrpriso wn- occasioned at the Trades a Hall last evening at' n rumor bring circulated an official holding a responsible, position in tho Amalgamated Carpenters and Joiners' Association was missing, and that rations irregularities had been discovered in his accounts. Apart: from a charge, of miawpropriotion ho is , accused of' forging another official's name; and thoreby obtaiuing an additional sam, tho collections of a private fund. It is alleged that he left: Melbourno some three months ago to look for work in, the country. Nothing has since been heard of him by the society. Criminal proceedings are threatened forthwith. ; The second ammal conference of the mem- hen and delogatos of the Victorian Railway Service Mutual Association was commenced yesterday morning in tho uppor hall of the Young Men's Christian Association, Rassell- street, Thoro was a representative attendance 1 of delegates from different branches. Tho pre- rident of tho association, Mr. J. J. Loqgmore, occupied tho chair. The transactions of tho conference were conducted, privately. In '.the evening the half-yearly general meeting of tho , saoeudion was held. .The report of tho exo- L'-sutiva stated ithat a cordial feeling oxisted .between : tho" Railway Commissioners and the . .swociation. The financial position of tl;o j- variation was stated to bo satisfactory, and it I wis renounced that £800 was placed Con fixed i Mr.' J. J. Longmoro was re-elected a iMticleni. . Daring the evening Mr; Gaunson, h :M.L. A,, was presented (With au illuminated I sJdress in recognition- of his services as solicitor | .to the association. Tho proceedings then I dosed, . g , At the weekly meeting of tho Benevolent I Anlmn Committee yesterday, Mr. W. R. I litray brought up a motion which proposed I to suspend tho . despatching of an address to B lur Majesty the Qneen, and a potition praying K t permission to adopt tho prefixing ' ' Royal" E tome title of tho institution, until a special I meeting of the subscribers was called, in order I list they might express their opinions upon the decision of tho committee. I til amendment was moved by Mr. Sparks to tie effect that tho address be signed and B despatched forthwith through his Exeollency I lie Governor. Along and animated discussion I followed, but there was a notable absence of tho feudalities so freely indulged i a at late meotings. After in hour's debate a division was taken, and l- .tis, intendment was carried by two votes,- Mssrs. Garton, Smith, Sparks, Hinds, Britton ssd Cox voted for tho amendment, and Messrs. (chairman), Hicks, Jaffray and Zeven- loom sgainst it. Some of the members of tbo (smell who are opposed. to tho prayer in tbe sddrev declared that they would not' append tisir signatures to it. I J t obtaining a new site for tho Bsosrrient Asylum was referred . to again at I acting of tho committee of tho \- wbtiition, Tho Government havo offered a ffou of land at Frankston, but this docs not v Best with tbo approval Of thb committee, on ac- paJKpi of its great distance, from Melbourne. Hnrouimrttee desire to accuro an area which ml been selected for tho purpose at' Cheltenham. At yesterday's meeting Mr. J. M. Smith v ' tt deputation should woit upon v Premier in the hope of getting the land at '"""ton as an endowment. Ho said ho B wufht tho institatiou was even mora de- J?2 of an. endowment of the kind thau tho Cousril for Agricultural Instruction, and his 9 fS wet. with- general support, Mr. l£r!l whUs' agreeing with Mr. Smith, urged J» « the countil got tho land at Frank- fl fa " w endowment it would only bo on B MMffion that tho institution was erected there, it was not dcsitihla that such a condition fl 5«la bo accepted. 1 Eventually it waadocided deputation shvuld wait upon Mr. Gillies, uk 'or tbo endowment suggested at an wj date. H fte installation ol Sir W. J, Clarke, bart,, "wind Superintendent of the District Grand 9 uSP'f Royal Arch Masons of Victoria »;lce last night if tho Freemasons' Hall, |B woiM-streot oast. Tbo ceremony was one of jfl wnost interesting which has taken place for I M jvipast, and was performed by a visiting 9 It?"11011 from Engand, a Grand Director B 5 wremomes of tm Grand Chapter in B pwd, who Btonghtfont a special commis- data perform the cjremony. Thoattend- H Bee of companions was ano of the largest in H "®?«1 Arch Freemasonry over held.. in .the B 4ft0r the insiallatiou a banquet totir , in tianqieting hall, at which B , J Clarke preside and one of tho most B evenings ever seht within tho 4>all « Thowholo proceiiJings mark an epoch H "wals of Royal Arih Fteomusonry. '.9 , ff J !«rado of the ScotcliCollego Cadet Corps 3 ' 1 Jesterday forenoon, Colonel Brownrigg 9 H 'i jweented tho Sarrood Trophy won a . '( 0 I46' year. Tjip trophy, which' m wajKtj of two hsndsomo cupsl was . given two n r" Sarg9ia, .then Minister U __, ®ce> in order to entourage the cadet 'a eJr' ""disopon to couietitiou to all the | 'ij.'bo metropolitan diiirict. . -The first 'fo place in 1885 when the trophy Siu' ll iMr. Hadfield's ftato ' school, St. Bturk 'c'> College ccmfog second. Last IS Pas reversed, tbeScotcl; College PS? p Lp)a In wafolngthe presentation 'K.i ,'v®rownr'K6stated thatihe competition Hqnd- clob, and. that in 9S i eCi51?M bail Won eroatly iu- fl brns thmCLi ? "at tholScofch Collcgo B , a uni/1orm,1yxcolbut knowledge Ibbovs m, Hi congratulated , Etuss' ,ft»\ nminded them 9t l-,.7t , , to-retatn- position as l£ a , W, %<wlony they 9 wJm '6 wiih coaftoed merer to st.erinff.t,lonon» details 9 'iSf - a i su"ess ttlB aorpfin the past-is 9 lSt-110 UBt!riue bxeiiions ofNSeri jki or hitchead, their drilljostnictor. ,®n!£8' >op«M!-toTthe SS' 0 wero tbrec'ia uuinberj' Ararat, orie f rom ATrarraaphopi,: Atxd r"s two 9tWlatgo'bj<)(;k4-q£:.:pastorala>jiI- in thdBallsMridiltricf"vrerM%il fbrsdo'ty aetim yesterday at Scott's Hotel.- Tboamsttro known as tho Smeaton nnd Glen- dooald Estates, and they iiltlade 23.342'acres and 2743 actes respectively. The bidding for tho Smeaton Estate commerced lit £8 and rose to £9 as. per acre, on which rata no advance was offered and tho property was withdrawn. Tho offers for t he Giendonnld Estate started at £6 per acre and roso to £8 10s., when this was also withdrawn. There was a largo attendance of gentlemen concerned in agricul- tnral and mining pursuits at the sale, and tho auctioneers were Messrs. King and Co., acting tn conjunction with Messrs. Hepburn, Dowling and Crawford. Tho fivo per cent. loan of £20,1)00 placed on tho local market by tho Essendon borough canncil was successfully floated yesterday, when the tender of tho National Bank of Australasia was accepted for tho whole amount nt slightly above par, namely, £100 Is. 3d. ' There wcro only thriio tenders submitted, two being from privuto persons, who each offered. to take up a. small portion of tho loan, and tho third from the National Bank, Ono of tho private tenderers offered to take up about a fourth of the whole1 amount at £102 2s., whilst tho other tendered at £98. After the matter had tysen considered in all its bearings, it was docidcd|at a special meeting of the council last evening, ou tho motion of Cr. Graham seconded by Cr. Jennings, to accept tho offer of tho. Notional Bank nnd to transfer tho municipal account to that institution. At .the conclusion of tho meeting a vote of ' thanks was carried to Mr. E, Dangerfield, tho town clerk, for tho satis factory manner in which he hod placed tho loan ou tho market. Strennous efforts are being made by tho ladies executive of tho ' Homoeopathic Hospital to liquidate tho debt on tho buihiing fund, and it is satisfactory to lcar'u that their work is being attended by very, gratifying sucaess. It was found necessary some time ago to raiso tbe sum of £1000 towards the object stated, and with the view of aiding nnd stimulating tho endeavors of tho ladies; Mr. J. 1VV Hunt intimated that if £900 wero. raised ho would subscribe tho remaining "£100. Up till the presout the executive have been successful in collecting tho sum of £557 12s. 7d., while there are other sums promised which briug tho total up to £632 12s. 7d, Thero thus roraains a sum of £217 7s. 5d. to makeup tho required £900 ; and aa Mr. Hunt has offered to extend tho time over which his promise holds good other six months, it is hoped that the ladies will find no difficnlty in securing the further pecuniary aid to so worthy a cause. The council of tho Victorian Engineers' Asso ciation met yesterday, nt their rooms ; Mr. G. Gordon in . the chair. There was .a large attendance. After the usual routine business had bcon transacted, it was decided to report to tho general body that a prize not exceeding £10 would bo givon for tho best paper read beforo tbe association during the present-year. It was arranged thai the nsa&l; monthly meeting to bo held in May should tako tho forra of a visit of in spection to the works now being carried out bv Mr; Dl. Monro, who had issued on invitation to the- society.- The following gentlemen' wero proposed as members and their names sent 'np for ballot, namily, Messrs. A. B. M'Donold, D. rSmitb, Cr Flescb; G. Talk and H. C. Kimp#n.uS;j0 " The report of the master in lunacy in tho- matter. of Wm. Crazier, of, South Anstralia, who was on Wednesday last foaad to bo of unsonnd mind and incap&blo; of taking charge of himself and. his affairs, was confirmed by Air. Justice Webb in the Equity Court yester day. Mr. Weigall applied to have Mr. James Angus Johnson, of Franklin-street, < Adclaido, the South" Australian committee, appointed to manago the lunatic's Victorian ostuto. His Honor expressed some doubt as to whether lie - could appoint Mr. Johnson, seeing that he was ont of the jurisdiction of -the court, aud reserved his decision. If he found in tho negative, he would make a preference, to the master to appoint somo fit and proper person in the usual course. The affairs of two rivahhair drcsspj-s engaged the attention of Air. Justice Holroyd in Cham bers yesterday .morning, Robert Arthur Peck, recently sold his business in Russell-street to Richard Cox fbr'£5Q0, the purchaser stipulat ing that the vendor should not cugago in liis business within the radins of a milo from his former shop for a period of .five years, under a penalty of £1000, During the last month, however, Peck is stated to have started work in the same street, oxactly opposite Cox, and has issued cards ou which are printed " H. A. Cox, manager for Harry Watson, proprietor;" , An action hns boon commenced in consequence, and the plaintiff yesterday applied for an interlocu tory injunction to restrain the defendant from further pursuing his calling iu.coutravontiod of his contract with tho plaintiff. Tho defendant replied that ho had no interest whafover in 1 Watson's bnsiness, and was merely his servant. His Honor wSS 'of opinion that tbe defendant had been guilty of a breach of agreemont to all intents and purposes in supporting Wafson's business, and granted tho application as sought. Air. Forlonga appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Hodges for the defendant. Orders absoluto wero made by Mr, Justice Webb, iu tho Eqaity Court, yesterday, for the compulsory sequestration of the estato of Colin Campbell, of Ncerim, North Gippsland, farmer, on the motion of Air. Taylor ; and Alax Jacob, son, trading asW. R, Smith and Co., of Smith- street, Coliingwood, leather merchant, on the motion of Air. Moole. The Chief Justice will conduct sittings of tho Supromo Court at BaUarat on the 5th April, St. Arnaud on tho 12th, Maryborough on the 14th, CAstlomaino ou the 16th, Sand hurst on tho 18lb, and Sole on tho 25th. The executors to tho will of the late Charles Rupprecht, hotolkcoper, of Queen-street, handed ovor a cheque for £1969 5s. Id. to the super intendent of the Bonovolent Asylum on Wed nesday, tho amount of the 'hoqnest under tho will of that decoascd gentleman to tho insti tution. Mr. - Rupprecht died on the 19tb of January, 1878. Ho made provision for his wife dnring her life, and arranged that upon her death the residue of the estate should bo divided, equally between the Benevolent Asylum, tho Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals, the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum, aud the fourth share to go to three leading Roman Catholic churches, viz., St. Patrick's Cathedral, St. Francis's and St. Mary's! The wife died somo time back, and the estato was wound up, with the result that cheques for 'tjio amount named abovo have just been handed over as de sired by the testator of tho will. On tho suggestion of the superintendent of theasylnm, the committee yesterday agreed- to pay the sum -into the credit of the endowmont fund in the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank. Mr. S. J. Allan, one of tbe executors to the will, asked the board to confer a life governorship upon Mr. Joseph; B. Whito, of the Strand, Williamstown, bat the committee foand that this request conldnot be entertained, as Air. White is in no way connected with the will. An action for £500 damages on account of injuries received in a street accident was heard before Judge Copo and 'a. jury of four in tho Connty Court yesterday. The plaintiff was William Cumberland, tinsmith,' of Sonth Yarra, and th6 defendants wore Leah Jacobs and her husband, Morris Jacobs, of Ascot Vale. The plaintiff alleged that on the 24th Septem ber last ho had iust amerced from behind a tittle box office used by the contractor while Bourke-strcet was in coarse of repair, and was crossing tho roadway at its intersection with Ru6seli-street, when he was struck by tho shaft ot a buggy driven by Airs. Jacobs and her sister, and knocked down. - He caught hold oi the shaft, and wag dragged along for some distance.. The injuries ho sustained were a lacerated wound on tho nose, which was likely to permanently affect his vision ; several of his ribs wero fractured, and ho suffered a general shock to the system. He was laid up for over: a month, with two doctors in attendance. ' The' defenco was that the plaintiff had been guilty of contributory negtigtucq.- Tho juty, after a brief retirement, returned (three-fourths verdict for the;'- defendants. Mr. -Duffy and Air. Lewis' appeared -for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Bryant for the defendants.) t\ ; The Metropolitan Licen'siiqr Court sat yes terday for soma transfer business which had; been standing over. Tho following transfers' were unopposed : — Freemasons' Hotel,' William' and Lonsdalo streets, .from Edward Coleiqan to W. B. Gilbert ; British Lion Ijotel, Little Bourko-stroet, fnlmJHargaret Coles Ik Frank- Hailes ; Harp of Erin Hotel, Smith-street, Col-! lingwood, from Frederick Sport to F, By water Freemasons' Hotol, Fitzroy, from -It. O'Grady to G. Hopsou ; Grace Darling Hotel, Coliing wood, from J. O'Conuoll to C. A. Wokeb;; Groyhound Hotel, Williamstown, from J. 'M.j Beattio to Elias Shepherd. .-A. temporary- dancing permit was issued fobtheIordialloc: Hotel, . on the, occasion of the South Yarra bachelors' pienic. . . At tho conclusion of the forgery cases against; Walker, Spencer. tend Davis, hoard ut tho PortMclbonniecourt yesterday, Mr. Qtiinn,; chairman of tho bench, said that the deiec- tiveavwho' '-bail (opportunely arrested iheso ol- fbndcrs deservcd riia thaukaiof thu magistrates .and tbopcbjic .for the manner in vhictr they Il.peHormod; their ,i$ies i Ui-.-y l»a.tl|!rie»'-J. j»V, serious-' fra.uj' :"ch tKe -it, bents, yand (Vni JirOKgh: to' jiisticbii three -iaagirous . ai-ju, .who Lad'evi-iautiylntcndodjoperpotrafctt.eirof > ... t .... K exWhsive forgeries. " Thejdetectrve police have in- this eoso undoubtedly rendered important service to the community, nnd it is probable that the several hanks especially interested, which havo been saved from being plundered, will recognise their valuable nnd successful ser vices. '. The Stoto school children and teachers of. Port Afelbourne, together with tho mayor and- councillors, board of ndvico and others of tho citizens, havo been invited -by tho Postmastcr- Gencral, Air. P. T. Dorhnm, tho representative of tho district in the Legislative Assembly, to a picnic in the local cricket ground to-da, in nonor of thcTnbileo year; The children will march in procession from tbo school .to tho ground, bearing flags and flowers, and every preparation has boCn mado for on enjoyable nting. At a moelicg of representatives from, the various amateur dramatic clubs - held at tho Temperance Hall, last night, it was resolved that thb performance in aid of the Hoskins's widow fund shall ho held in tho afternoon of 7th' May. at tho Bijou Theatre. There wcro 12 clubs represented at the meeting, and it was resolved that one delegate from each clnb should lio appointed to select and cast the pieces for performance and attend to ail other preliminaries. The Athemcnm Hall was crowded in every part lost .evening,, the occasion boing nil invitation pianoforte recital by the pupils of Mr. Joseph Gillott. Twelvo young ladies appeared. in solos and concerted pieces, each ono playing from memory, some of the com positions .'performed; being of excep tional difficulty. Special montion may bo mado of Alias Haunch Levy, who played Chopin's Andante Spinnato nnd Polonaise, and Liszt'a Rhapsodic Hongroise, No.' 9, in it, highly creditable manner, showing much talent and considerable technical require ment. , Aliss Frances - Hansen, who played Beethoven's Polonniso very neatly, and Miss Alary Brecnan, who showed a crisp and accu rate touch in Schulboff's galop di Bravura, also deserve -mention. In innny instances thomuBic elected for the performance of the young ladies was too difficultfor them to render adequately, add it docs not Becm.dcsirablethatpupils should at'rso,carlj),a. p'oriod.in thoir studies undcrtako to iutbrpret compositions intended for Virtuosi. Air. Gillott has, ' however, eyfiry reason to bo satisfied with tho result of this recital, showing, as it does, how painstaking and competent a teacher ,, he is, ' and j' iilso that his pupils are industrious, and capnblo of receiving mid profiting by h'is instruction. A TurantcUo do Concert for eight performers oil four piano fortes, composed by Mr. Gillott, was,, rendered in. n very spirited manner, conducted by.. tho composer, who was twice rqcnUed at. its con: elusion. The . programme was divarsifiod: by vocal selections given by, Miss Stirling Kiddell, Air. Stockwell and -Herr" Adolf- Pricdmunu. Tho last named gentieuian, who appeared for the first time in Molbourne, has a tight . bari- tono voice,' and sings artistically. Tho accom paniments vfero played by three ofMr. Gillott's pupils. , An organ recital and servlco of song will take pioce tills ovoiUug (Friday), 1st April, ih Si. Ucorge's Breaby- tcrlan Cliurcli,.CaatSt. Kildn. Wolslcy'a aheep abearlnu macblno will bo shown In operation at Messrs. It. Qolasbrougli and Co. 'a wool atdres, upstairs, at 11 o'clock this morning. Wo aro aaked by Mr- J. W. Singleton, psychopathic -practitioner, to draw attention to his advertisement, which contains accounts of tho successful treatment of some vory Interesting cases' We aro requested by Mr. J. F. Ogdcu to call attention to the announcement thai tho sailing of tha steamer Investigator, which was to bare loft for ,8/dnoy to day, has been unavoidably postponed until further notice. Messrs. Wilson and Antony's ghost entertainment will open at St.- George's Hall tq-nlght. 'iho entertain ment la of tho variety character,' Introducing ft number of originalities In tho way of minstrelsy, songs ami fatxos. ' Wo are desired by Sir Arthur Klcolson to acknow ledge the sum of £50 from Mr. M..JI. Dnvles, M.L.A., as a donation- to tho St. Kllda stall In connection with tins bazaar which la being organised . for the pur- peso of raising fuftls for the purchase of tlio house and grounds whfeh Is at present leased as a ' convalescent homo for women at Oaklelgh. The following la tho report of tho matron of Dr. Singleton's Night Shelter tor Homeless and Destitute Women for tbreo months .ending 31st March:— Ad mitted; January— Women.. 938; children, 170. Feb ruary—' Women, 1004; children, 112. March— Womon, 1957 ; children, 101. Tottdy3442. Dargo numbers of thoso poor women wero provided with suitable employ ment, thus making vacancies for strangers, ' 