%\\\t Portna Jfolfcs. THE BLIND BROTHER. A SlOKT OF THE PENNSYLVANIA COAL MlNES. [The author, Homer Greene, received for this story the first prize, 1,500 dollars, offered by the Boston Companion in 1886 for the best serial story.] IN EIGHT CHAPTERS. Chapter I. — Lost in the Mine. ( Continued ) Bennie's faith in Tom was fully justified. No nineteenth century boy could have been more manly, no knight of old could have been more true and tender than was Tom to the two beings whom he loved best upon all the earth. 'But the father, laddie,' said Jack, still harmed and curious ; ' whaur's the father?' ' Dead.' answered Bennie. ' He came from the old country first, an' then he sent for mommie an' us, an' w'en we got here he was dead.' ' Ah, but that was awfa' sad for the mither ! Took wi' the fever, was he ?' ' No ; killed in the mine. Top coal fell an' struck him. That's the way they found him. We didn't see him, you know. That was two weeks before me an' Tom an' mommie got here. I wasn't but four years old then, but I can remember how mommie cried. She didn't have much time to cry, though, 'cause she had to work so hard. Mommie'a al'ays had to work so hard,' added Bennie, reflec- tively. The man began to move nervously on the bench. It was apparent that some strong emotion was taking hold of him. He lifted the lamp from his cap again and held it up close to Bennie's face. 'Killed, said ye — i' the mine — top coal fell?' 'Yes, an' struck him on the head; they said he didn't ever know what killed him.' The brawny hand trembled so that the flame from the spout of the little lamp went up in tiny waves. 'Whau— whaur happened it— i' what place — i' what mine?' ' Up in Carbondale. No. 6 shaft I think it was ; yes, No. 6.' Bennie spoke somewhat hesitatingly. His quick ear had caught the change in the man's voice, and be did not know what it could mean. 'His name, lad ! gi' me the father's name !' The giant's huge hand dropped upon Bennie's little one, and held it in a painful grasp. The boy started to his feet in fear. ' You won't hurt me, sir ! Please don't hurt me ; I can't see !' ' Not for the warld, lad ; not for the whole warld. But I muet ha' the father's name ; tell me the father's name, quick !' 'Thomas Taylor, sir, said Bennie, as he sank back, trembling, on the bench. The lamp dropped from Jack Rennie's hand, and lay, smoking, at his feet. His huge frame seemed to have shrunk by at least a quarter of its size; and for many minutes he sat, silent and motionless, seeing as little of the objects around him as did the blind boy at his side. At last he roused himself, picked up his lamp, and rose to his feet. 'Well, lad, Bennie, I mus' be a-going'; good-by till ye. Will the brither come for ye?' 'Oh yes,' answered Bennie. 'Tom al'ays stops for me ; he ain't come up from the foot yet, but he'll come.' Rennie turned away, then turned back again. 'Whaur's the lamp?' he asked; 'have ye no licht?' ' No ; I don't ever have any. It wouldn't be any good to me, you know.' Once more the man started down the head- ing, but after he had gone a short distance a thought seemed to strike him, and he came back to where Bennie was still sitting. ' Lad, I thouht to tell ye ; ye s'all go to the city wi' your eyes. I ha' money to sen' ye, an' ye s'all go. I— I— knew— the father, lad.' Before Bennie could express his surprise and gratitude he felt a strong hand laid gently on his shoulder, and a rough bearded face pressed for a moment against his own, and then his strange visitor was gone. Down the heading the retreating footsteps echoed, their sound swallowed up at last in the distance ; and up at Bennie's doorway silence reigned. For a long time the boy sat, pondering the meaning of the strange man's words and conduct. But the more he thought about it the less able was he to understand it. Perhaps Tom could explain it, though; yes, he would tell Tom about it. Then it occurred to him that it was long past time for Tom to come up from the foot with his last trip for the day. It was strange, too, that the men should all go out together that way ; he didn't understand it. But if Tom would only come— He rose and walked down the heading a little way; then he turned and went up through the door and along the airway ; then he came back to his bench again and sat down. He was sure Tom would come ; Tom had never disappointed him yet, and he knew he would not disappoint him for the world if he could help it. He knew, too, that it was long after quitting-time, and there hadn't been a sound that he could hear in the mine for an hour, though he had listened carefully. After a while he began to grow nervous; the stillness became oppressive; he could not endure it. He determined to try to find the way out by himself. He had walked to the foot of the slope alone once, the day Tom was sick, and he thought he could do it again. So he made sure that his door was tightly closed, then he took his dinner-pail and started bravely down the heading, striking the rails of the mine car-track on each side with his cane as he went along to guide him. Sometimes he would stop and listen for a moment, if, perchance, he might hear Tom coming to meet him, or, possibly, some belated laborer going out from another part of the mine; then, hearing nothing, he would trudge on again. After a long time spent thus he thought he must be near the foot of the slope; he knew he had walked far enough to be there. He was tired, too, and sat down on the rail to rest. But be did not sit there long ; he could, not bear the silence, it was too depressing, and after a very little while he arose and walked on. The caps in the track grew higher ; once he stumbled over one of them and fell, striking, his side on the rail. He was in much pain for a few minutes ; then he recovered and went on more carefully, lifting his feet high with every step, and reaching ahead with his cane. But his progress was very slow. Then there came upon him the sensation of being in a strange place. It did not seem like the heading along which he went to and from his daily work. He reached out with his cane upon each side and touched nothing. Surely there was no place in the heading so wide as that. But he kept on. By and by he became aware that he was going down a steep incline. The echoes of his footsteps had a hollow sound, as though he were in some wide open space, and his cane struck one, two, three, props in succession. Then he knew he was somewhere in a chamber, and knew, too, that he was lost. He sat down, feeling weak and faint, and tried to think. He remembered that at a point in the heading about two thirds of the way to the foot a passage branched off to the right, crossed under the slope, and ran out into the southern part of the mine, where he had never been. He thought he must have turned into this cross heading, and followed it, and if he had it would be hard indeed to tell where he now was. He did not know whether to go on or to turn back. Perhaps it would be better, after all, to sit still until help should come, though it might be hours, or even days, before any one would? find him. Then came a new thought. What would Tom do ? Tom would not know where he had gone ; he would never think of looking for him away off here ; he would go up the heading to the door, and not finding him there would think that his brother had already gone home. But when he knew that Bennie was not at home he would surely come back to the mine to search for him ; he would come down the slope; maybe he was at that very moment at the foot ; maybe Tom would hear him if he should call, ' Tom ! O Tom!' The loudest thunder burst could, not have been more deafening to the frightened child than the sound of his own voice as it rang out through the solemn stillness of the mine, and was hurled back to his ears by the solid masses of rock and coal that closed in around him. A thousand echoes went rattling down the wide chambers and along the narrow galleries, and sent back their ghosts to play upon the nervous fancy of the frightened child. He would not have shouted like that again if his life had depended on it. Then silence fell upon him; silence like a pall — oppressive, mysterious, and awful silence, in which he could almost hear the beating of his own heart. He could not endure that. He grasped his cane again and started on, search- ing for a path, stumbling over caps, falling sometimes, but on and on, though never so slowly ; on and on until, faint and exhausted, he sank down upon the damp floor of the mine with his face in his hands and wept, in silent agony, like the lost child that he was. Lost, indeed, with those miles and miles of black galleries opening and winding and cross- ing all around him, and he lying prostrate and powerless alone in the midst of that desolation. (To be continued.) 