27ie COMING. RACE for the CHAMPIONSHIP of the WORLD. -4s- . , ' - 1 (By Our Special Reporter ) PENRITH, Friday The date of the great aquatic contest is rapidly approach- ing. On the 26th of the present month there will be decided on the placid waters of the Nepean, an event of more than ordinary interest to the lovers of aquatic pursuits and their name is Legion in New South Wales, and to rowing men in all parts of the habitable globe. On that day the great sculling match for the championship of the world and £500 a-side will take place; The James of the competitors are widely known, in fact they may be said to have become " household words." William Beach-" Our William, as many of his enthusiastic" supporters and admirers call him is well and honourably known throughout the colony " and other portions of Australia, as an honest, unassuming, and straightforward man. For many years he lived a quiet life in the pleasant little hamlet of Dapto, situated, on the fertile Illa yarra plains, and nestling, as it were, beneath the beautiful mountain range which trends away southward to Kiama. Dapto, as our readers are aware is near Lake Illawarra a broad and magnificent stretch of water. At the rear of the modest dwelling inhabited by Beach a lovely streamlet termed Mullet Creek-it were more appropriately named Fairy Creek flows into the noble lake and in bygone days the champion, who was then comparatively speaking, an unknown and untried man, might often have been seen upon its waters practising the art of sculling, and developing the muscular powers with which nature has so richly endowed him. He rowed on quietly and calmly. never thinking of the wonderful future that lay before him, until as the year, passed away he began to feel " that he was a power in a boat." By dint of. assiduous practice afloat he ultimately emerged, as it were, from comparative obscurity into the broad daylight and, when he met and defeated the hitherto all commering Canadian, Edward Hanlan, he rose at once mighty bound into the first flight of the world's scullers, and secured and kept the championship of the world for the mother colony of Australia. At this kill the world became astonished, and eventually it was noised abroad that we possessed in this iron-nerved,, a handy Dapto oars- man a sculler the like of whom the world had never seen before-an athlete of great re- now, and, a true man. Beach's redoubtable opponent Edward Hanlan, began to row at a very early age, winning his first race on Toronto waters while he was yet a young man. In a few short years he was successful in establish- ing a truly wonderful record on the water. All the oarsmen of the day went down before him. A modern Alexander on the water at any rate he met and defeated all who had the temerity to array themselves in battle against him, and then soubrette conquer others. In time the name and fame of the Toronto oarsman were known and talked about in the mother country and in Australia. Presently he crossed the Atlantic and went to England for the purpose of trying conclusions with some of the best of the British scullers, 'The result of his visit is well known, suffice it to say that the Canadian won most of his races in that country with ease, and added fresh laurels to his wonderful reputa- tion. The name of Hanlan seemed to exercise a potent influence over many of the rowing men of the day-for they went down before him like the standing corn before the gleaming bl ado of the sturdy reaper. The best oarsmen produced by Australia were vanquished by this speedy sculler, and the memory of Edward Trickett's defeat at the hands of the Canadian will long, be remembered in Sydney and in other parts of Australia. Coming to Australia Hanlon received a princely welcome. He made himself very popular, and his name was on everybody's tongue. He was feted and entertained in right royal fashion wherever he went. After a while he met Elias Laycock on the Nepean, and defeated him rather easily. Later on, and in the natural order of things, he met his late William Beach was pitted against him in a match on the Parramatta. The outcome of the contest was a complete victory for the New South Wales sculler, and the colours of the redoubtable Canadian were lowered by an Australian. There was immense excitement over this race, and as the" news of the great victory won by the Illawarra oarsman was flashed into the far interior the colonists grew jubilant at the success achieved by' a son of the soil and one of themselves. Many there were who attributed Hanlan's discomfiture on that occasion to a mischance. Said they, " He was not in good form wait a while ; another race will turn the tables completely," &c;, &{:. They waited. A second race took place on the Parramatta, the great struggle being witnessed by many thousands of people. In this event Beach won from the start. Rowing a magnificent stroke throughout he came in an easy winner, and thus the Canadian was de- cisively worsted a second time, and the Sculling Championship of the World" remained in the colony. After the lapse of a considerable time Hanlan has returned to New South Wales to make a third attempt to wrest the championship from Beach, and it must be admitted that he has exhibited a considerable' amount of pluck in again coming to the colony. " Will he do it" "What are his chances against our main "f" " line he got the ghost of a show?" These are the questions many people wish to have answered to-day. All that can be said is that he evidently means to make a fast and a hard race of it. Hanlan will do all he can to win back the much-coveted prize, and the coming contest should prove to be the most exciting of its kind ever witnessed on colonial waters. It will be a nice between two splendid oarsmen, and although many think that Hanlan will row faster than Beach on the "dead" waters of the Nepean, others are of the opinion that what one man can achieve in this respect can be accomplished just as easily by the other competitor. The race should be pretty fast, as Bench intends to row in earnest from the time he starts until he passes the winning post, both men are able to get away well at the start, and it is tolerably safe to say that the race will be won by the sculler who lends at the. mile point. Judging from present form on the water, that man should be AVilliaio Beach ; but " one never knows until the numbers are up," or until the race is over, and as Hanlan will doubtless row his best on the all-important -With, the issue of the great event is not quite a sure thing, although many profess to believe it is so. And now a few words with regard to the actual condition of the contestants themselves. Bench continues in the enjoyment of excellent health, The hot muggy weather of a few days ago having produced no ill effects upon his iron constitution. As an oarsman he stands in the very forefront of the world's scullers to-day, and in all probability his splendid physique and giant muscular powers, combined with his well-known and powerful style of rowing, will enable him to again vanquish the once invincible Canadian, and thus allow him to retire from the rowing world upon his well-earned and well-defended laurels. Although Beach is a little tired of training, with its hard work and few pleasures, and although he has stated that he will not row another race if he is beaten fairly on the Nepean, there are many who think that the heart of the famous Illawarra oarsmen is in the right place, and that he will always he found ready and willing in the absence of any other representative to uphold the rowing honour or the colony of New South Wales as bravely as he did when he lowered the Canadian's colours in the never-to-be for gatton races on the Parramatta championship course, and defeated, some of the , finest scullers in the world on the Thames in the year 1886. The Canadian sculler has been in active training on the Pai minister. He has taken daily spans over the championship course, in addition to a tolerable amount of exercise on land. Accompanied by George Perkins, the well-known English sculler, who is acting as Hanlan's trainer, or George Brett, who is equally wo J known on New South Wales waters, the Canadian has been taking regular exercise afloat, using his Wurin boat or the li. A. Watson, a short presented to him by the host of the Paragon Hotel, Circular Quay. To see Kunian rowing is a sight not easily forgotten by those who take any interest in aquatic pursuits. The Toronto man sits in his boat and grasps his sculls with the case of a practised and accomplished oarsman. His movements are perfect. As he catches the water with the blades of his sculls, and as best and then glide swiftly past the spectator, he is compelled to admire the beautiful style and faultless precision of one of the most wonderful rowing men of the century. When doing fast work he is remarkably quick and clean in recovering. As is well known, Hanlan eau row very hard and at a great rate of speed when he is in good form in fact he has literally " jumped " away from most of the scullers whose colour she has lowered in the past, and it was not until he came to this colony and met the strong-limbed Illawarra representative on two successive occasions that he became aware of the fact that there existed a more powerful rowing man than himself, and a man who could pull a boat at as high a rate of speed as he could, Hanlan was beaten. By many people it was thought that the Toronto sculler did not train carefully enough for his race with Beach, and a considerable number of his supporters accounted for his defeat in this way. If this be so, and we do not say that it is so, they will have the satisfaction. no matter what the result of the Nepean contest may be, of knowing that on the present occasion the ex-champion will do his utmost to win back the coveted honour. He is training hard for the approaching struggle, and as he is being well looked after by his attendants, it is to be presumed that he will come to the post in splendid condition, and well prepared for his race with the Champion of the World. The champion and his trainer took advantage of the fine weather yesterday morning, by having an early spin on the river. The Hon. R. Hill arrived at Penrith at 11 o'clock. He was met at the station by Beach and Peter Kemp. Subsequently the party drove to Mrs. Squires' Hotel, on the banks of the Nepean, After an inspection of the champion's boats, Bosch got afloat, using the jack Smith. Rump soon followed the example set him by the champion, and as he played with his sculls for a few moments before netting under way, Mr. Hill said, "Well, Kemp, I sincerely hope you will be our champion when Bench retires, as he tells me he is going to give it up after this race." To this expression of goodwill Kemp rando answer- in his usual quiet manner, " I hope so, too ; I think I shall have as good a show as any of them." The champion's appearance us he sat in his boat, which he manoeuvre- with consummate case and skill, certainly justified the assertion he had made previous to leaving his shed, " That he would be fit to row the race with Hanlan in two days' time, if necessary." The scullers started for a raw over a portion of the course at about 30 to the minute, both men pulling long clean strokes, and making good progress against the " fresh " in the river. The weather proved very warm and rather oppressive, and this made the row somewhat fatiguing. Some distance up the river Beech did a very fast mile, staking 30 to the minute. The trial was regarded as a very satisfactory one. On the homeward spin the men travelled at a good steady pace, finishing at the wharf at about 30 to the minute. A thunderstorm passed over the township shortly after midday, which had the effect of cooling the atmosphere. Beach and Kemp were out on the river in the afternoon. During the day, Mr. Hill (who is a member of the committee appointed to make the necessary arrangements in connection with the race) was shown over a portion of the eastern bank of the river by the champion. It was pointed out to him that the committee should be set in motion in order that the work required to he done- such, for instance, as fencing, erecting semaphores, &c.; might be accomplished in good time. Mr. Hill stated that he would call a meeting of the committee, to take place on Tuesday or Wednesday in next week. He further stated that Mr. Goodchap had arranged to place a fast steam launch on the river on the day of the nice for the accommodation of the committee and officials and the press representatives. The race will be rowed at half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and it is to be hoped that there will be no accident on the occasion, and that a fair and square contest will be witnessed throughout. Hanlon took his last spin on the Parramatta yesterday, at least for some time to come. He will leave for Penrith this morning, taking his boats with him. The Canadian will be accompanied by Perkins and Brett. Hanlan leaves Mortlake, At and well ; he has been more regular and careful in his preparation for this coming race than when he rowed Beach before; and though extremely reticent as to his chance of winning he seems in good spirits and confident. He will be meeting Beach on fresh water, to which he is accustomed. 