SHELLEY* ——<>—— All lovers of Shelley-and their number is, we trust, not small-will be grateful to Professor Dowden for this, whioh may bo accepted as tho complete biography of that poet Mr. Dowden has had abundant materials for his work, as, in addition to the great mass of information about Shelley already given to the world, he was allowed by Sir Percy and Lady Shelley to make free use of all the Shelley papors in , their possession, including the journal kept by tho poet's second wife; and had equally unrosewed use of the valuable collections of such zealous students of Shelley as Mr. Forman, Dr. Garnett, and: Mr. W. M.. Rosetti.. Many others also who- possessed documents of various kinds relating to tho poet gladly communicated their treasures to his biographer. Ho has oven received information from Newcastle* in our own colony, through Miss Tomkins, whose father once stayed at the same boarding-houso with Shelley in Florence, where tho poet sat to him for .his por- trait in crayons. Of these materials Mr. Dowden has made tho best use. Ha has shown,» we thiijlt, on the whole; a sound judgment in his estima- tion of tho valuo of different authorities, and in his decision upon conflicting evidence, as woll as eminent skill in ordering his matter. With the excellence of his style the public is long familiar. Tho result is a biography as good as it can well be, considering that Mt. Dowden had not tho advantage of knowing his hero in tho flesh. For, necessarily, the best biographies have boen written by men ,vyho liad an intimate personal acquaintance with tlieir subjects, as (to speak only of those in our own language) Boswell had with Johnson, Lockhart with Scott, Stanley with Arnold, Carlyle with Stirling, Froude with Carlyle It is but right, if a man's life is to. be written at all, that wo shouldknovv the truth about him, and if soie persons choose to imagine that any literary man is perfect, it should do them good to know what is the real life of thó greatest intellects, and how true those touching lines of John Henry Newman are in which, apostro- phising man, he says- " Thou never nearer art to sin and shame Than when thou hast achieved some deed of name." So, of Shelley it is right that we should know tho whole truth, though some of it is very unpleasant. It is, for instance, unpleasant to find that he had a habit of raising ordinary mortals to idols, only to dash them down, after a brief worship, with tremendous fury. Take poor Miss Hitchener as an example. She was » a ' sister of his soul." " Henceforth he will be wholly hers, every thought shall be shared with her. Alas ! little more than a year after, he wrote this to Hogg of tho " brown demon," as she was then called : " My astonish ment at my fatuity, inconsistency and bad taste was never so great as after living for four, months with her as an inmate. What would hell be, were such a woman in heaven ? " In another letter he describes her as " a woman of desperate views and dreadful pas- sions, but of cool and uudeviating revenge." So, too, with Emilia Viviani. to whoso inspiration weiowotbe mystic EDipsychidio'n. Of that " seraph of heavon, too gentle to be human," and, of the poem, itself ho vvriteB afterwards:-"The Epipsychi dion I cannot look at ; the person whom it celebrates was a oloud instead of a Juno, and poor Ixion starts from tho Centaur that was tho offspring of his own embrace." So, too, with the Gisbornes, against whom aftor n period of fervid admiration (in particular, of Miss Gisborne) he breaks out in what Mr. Dowden charac . terises as *' vituperation as violent at that of whioh in earlier days Miss Hitchener was the victim." To Jane Clairmont he was strongly attachod, yet on somo piovocation he donounces her insensibility and incapa- city for tho slightest degree of friendship. One of the first things that strikis one in connection with Shelley's life is the mendacity of many of those who have written about him. Hogg was indeed» splendid liar (sjjitmdirZe merie_t_)l or,ias Mr. Dowden calls him, " an adnvrable story-teller." "Ho doos not scruple," says this biographer, " to convey facts out of sight, and fill their room with plea- sant fiction -, he never hesitates te retouch and alter letters in Shelloy'B handwriting, so as to adapt them lo big own taste." Headtually had the intpudonco to pub ^ lish, as a continuation of Goethe's " Werther," a letter of Shelloy to himself, on his base attempt to seduce Harriet Shelley shortly after her marriage. Modvvin, too, is a liar, or a3 Mr. Dowden calls him, an " un- trustworthy witness." Even Peacock is not above sus- picion, ns will bo seen from Vol. I., p. 124, of the work under review. Of Mrs. Godwin Professor Dowdon writes, regarding one of her asser- tions, " Hore Mrs. Godwin, with her fine gift of mendicity, lied." Of Shelley himself wo aro bound to say that his statements are by no, means always in accordance with fact, though to him wo are far indeed from «viahing to imputo in this respect any moral obliquity. Still, as his biographer says, " that Shelloy under peculiar excitement «vas subject to strange delu- sion or misconception of fact cannot be doubted by any unprejudiced investigator of his life," 'The noc- turnal outrage on Shelley while 'living in North Walos, of whioh his wife wrote, from his information, such .a .circumstantial account to Hookham the bookseller, has been considered by many, and with much appearance of probability, a mero hallucination. His story of his having boen attaolted and knocked senseless by burglars, when ho lived near Southey, at Kes«vick, was disbolieved by mo3t of the Keswick folk, who thought it a mero illusion, brought about by tho oxcessivo use of laudanum. Mr. Dotvden'a theory, will hardly, howover, cover tho inaccurate state- ments mado by Shelley in his letter to Godwin, in vvhiçh he gives his chosen master in philosophy an account of his past life. This letter, written at 19, Mr. Symonds, in his sketch of Shelley, describes as " an extraordinary mixture of truth, willingly communicated, and of curious romance, illustrating his tendency to colour facts with the hallucinations of an ardent I fancy." Of Shelley's life at Eton Mr. Dowden says that ho has been enabled through tho kindness of various in- formants-especially the Rev. E: D. Stone-" to tell for tho first time the true facts." We consequently learn more, and from more trustworthy witnesses, of the old story of Shelley's persecution at Eton on account of his rebellion against fagging, and partly, no doubt, on account of his shyness and strange ways. Here is a picture: "I have seen him (wrote a schoolfellow) surrounded, hooted, baited like a maddened bull, and at this distance of time I neem to hear ringing in my ears the cry which Shelley was wont to utter in his paroxysm of revengeful anger." It is not pleasant to reflect that such scenes occurred in tho favourite school of tho English aristocracy. Shelley's reading at Eton seems to have lain out of tho usual track of school-boys, if he studied Condorcet, Godwin, Pliny's Natural History, and even Albertus Magnus and Paracelsus. His love for experi- ments in Natural Science seems to have begun at Eton; and of those experiments we have many wonderful stories, though unfortu- nately the versions of them vary considerably. It is curious to find that a vice-provost of Eton who was a schoolfellow of Shelley for four years out of the six Shelley spent there had no recollection of the name "Atheist" having been applied to him at Eton, as has been asserted. Tho poet's life at Oxford is told by his present biographer mainly in the words of Hogg, who has, says Mr. Drowden, painted an admirable portrait of Shelley, bearing in mind that "'the veracity of the historian and tho veracity of the artist are not identical." It is per- haps right to say that Trelawney, one of the few en- tirely trustworthy witnesses as to Shelley, declared that " Hogg has painted Shelley exactly as I knew him," but we have never been able, so far, to overcome our repugnance to Hogg's unscrupulous lying, or to admire the skill with which it is done. Of Shelley's expulsion from Oxford, Mr. Dowden well observes that " a sentence of rustication might have sufficed for an offence against discipline, which was more an offence of the intellect than of tho heart and will. Had tho discipline of University College in 1811 been stringent and directed by high aims, there would be less ground for objection to the severity of the punishment ; but to sodden tho brain in wine, to waste the strength of youth in riotous living; were venial errors ; to fling out a boy's definnce against the first article of the creed was a crime which merited nothing less than capital punishment." De Quincey, however, whose religious opinions were more conserva- tive than Professor Dowden's, maintains, in his essay on Shelley, that " the authorities of Oxford, deeply responsible to the nation in a matter of so much peril, could not have acted otherwise than they did,'' though " The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley, by Euwaud Povvdux, LL.D. London: Kegan Paul, French and ho looks upon it as some palliation, of Shelley's conduct that "he was really a boy at this era." Tho'wrelohed story of Sholloy'a first marriage Mr. Dowden narrates with the be3t endeavour to do justice to his hero witho it bearing too hard on the unhappy Harriet. It eeoms clear that tlie ' philosopher of nine- teen ' was mainiy induced to marry tho girl, whose regard for him brought upon hor cruel persecution, and who in an implo: frig letter thro«v herself on his pioteotion, hy pity which he, perhaps, mistook 'for love and gratitude for her trust in him. Bofore sotting out for London in responso to Harriet's entreaties, ho wrote to his cousin, Ohailea^Grove, " that his decision was taken; that as for himself, his own happiness had boen altogether blighted when ho lost the hopo oir his cousin's lovo (Chorlos' sister, Harriet) ; that now tho only thing worth living for was self-saorilico, and that ha there- fore obeyed tho summons of Harriet Wostbrook" To Hogg ho wrote: "I advise 1 hor to resist, Sho wiote to Fay that resistanoo was useless, , but that she would fly with mo, mid threw herself? upon my. protection. We shall havo £200 a year ; when wo find it run short, we must livo, I suppose, upon lovo ¡ Giatittide and admiration all demand that I should love her for over 1 " This has an ominous sound ; nor aro wo reassured by his words in a lottor to Miss Hitchener. " I proposed marriago for tho reasons whioh I havo given you, and sho complied. Blanio mo if thou wilt, dearest friend, for still thou arl dearest to me ; yet pity even this error if thou Warnest me. If Harriot bo not, at 16, all that you are at a moro advanced age, assist mo to mould a really noble soul into all lhat can maka its nobleness useful and lovely. Lovoly it is now, or I am a slave to error." Shelley endeavoured, indeed, for a time to cultivate his wife's intellect. \ But though at first Harriot dutifully laboured to please him, her studies, according to Hogg, dwindled away, after the birth of their first child, to nothing, npd Byssho had ceased toexpresB any interest in them. Bysihe, indeed, took far greater interest in tho mind of the inoo ni parablo Eliza Hitchcnor, to whom, on her graciously writing, in answer to an apologotio lettai of his on his marriage, that the marriage was due to Mrs. Shelley, and wishing thom both happiness, ho wrote back that " ho «vill now dare toonil his feeling tovyaids Elizabeth Hitchenor loyer-the lovo of a soul for a soul ; henceforth ho will be wholly hors ; * every thought shall be shared vvitli¡her." When Shelley in- vited Misa Hitohener to stay, with them, the presence of this " elect sister of his soul " must soon havo become intolerable to tho young wife, who was conscious that v abo oould not discuss theology, politics, and metaphysics with Bysshe, as did this gifted schoolmistress. On his side, Shelley was alienated from,his wife by the constant presence of this impotious sister-in-law, to whose judgment Harriet deferred in everything, and whom Shorey grew to hate with a fearful hatred. At first, indeed, he must havo regarded Eliza Westbrook with some osteoni, for sho beonmo a convert to his theological views, regarding which Mr. Dowden exolaims with wonder : " Has it been recorded of the great prophet of Islam, or any other inspired teacher,, that he over converted,, his sistor-in-law ?" But his esteem gradually gave placo to deadly hatred. Imagine his state of minti when ho wrote to Hogg these words, never to he read without a shudder: " Eliza is still with us-not hero-but will be with me when tho infinite malice of destiny forces mo to depart. I am now but little inclined to contest this point. I certainly hato her with all my heart and soul. It is a sight which awakens an inexpressiblo sensation of disgust and horror, to seo her caress my poor little Taatho, .in whom I may horoafter feel the consolation of sympathy, I sometimes feol faint with the fatigue of chocking the overflowing of my unbounded abhorrence for this miserable wretch." Mr. Dovyden tells us that Shelley's friends, though differing on various othor matters, agretd in believing that her older sister's influence' on Harriot was used with most injurious oflect. Indeed, Harriet seems to bave passed altogether from under her husband's, influence, and, being peculiarly pliant and impression- able, to havo submitted herself entirely to Eliza'a I guidance. Among othor grievances, Eliza pointed out to her that she ought to live in a manner more becoming her exalted station, and that it was only proper that she should drive about in hor oarriago. Sho aotually pestered tho young poet, much against his tastes, into " setting up a carriage and making a considerable purchase of plate." Husband and wife became more and more alienated when Shelley fell under the fasoinations of the Boin villes, whoso tastos and accomplishments strongly con- trasted with Haniet's, whom he aftenvards described to Poacook as a "noble animal" It was on leaving Bracknoll, the homo of tho Boinvillea, after a brief sf,ay, that he wiote theso linos " Away, away, to thy sad and silent home, Pour bitter tears on its desolated hoarth, AVatch the dim shades as hko ghosts they go and come, And complicate strange web3 of melancholy mirth." To mako mattera worse, Shelley had, it appears, become convinced that Harriot bad transferred hor affection to a Mr. Ryan, and that this man was tho father of her second child, who was bom five months after Shelloy's séparation from M3 wife. Though in after years ho virtually admitted, we are told, that ho had erred in disclaiming tho parentage of his second child; yet he never ceased, says Mr. Dowden, " to bolievo that Harriot, whom he had in May implored to return to his heart, whom ho had addressed as ' Thou, only virtuous, gentle, kind,' was false to him before ho plaoed lila hand for over in that of Mary Godwin." AYo must observe that, though he implored his wifo to return to his heart, she oould have found no very soouro resting-place there ; for it was shortly after this entreaty that ho fell passionately in lovo with Mary Godwin. Alas ! for the wayward human heart Tho woman ho thought false to him, the woman of whom he wrote that her heait was like a heart of stone, when some dava had passed without his writing to her, sont a most touching letter to tho booksoller Hookham, begging him to tell her what had become of Sholloy, " as I always fancy some- thing dreadful has happened if I do not hear from lum." She would now fain be reconciled with her husband; she thought, no doubt, for the moment, that they might yet grow to love one another again. But the words of the Roman poet are for over truo. " Male sarta Gratia nequioquam coit ot rescinditur." If they had once more como together the old differences in charnotor, habits, and tastos would havo asserted themselves in their old force; thero would speedily have boon again the same "sad and silent home" Moreover, as we have above mentioned, Shelloy wbb convinced that she had given her love to another, thus sotting him freo ! and ho had found consolation in ono to whom ho writes : " Upon my heart thy accents sweet Of pence and pity fell like dew On flowors half dead ; thy lips did meet Mino tremblingly ; thy dark oyes threw Their soft porsuasion on my brain, Charming away its dream of pain." Mr. Symonds, in his volume on Shelley in tho scries of "English Men of Letters," writes that "until the papers mentioned with such insistance by Lady Shelloy and Mr. Garnott aro given to the world it is impossible thnt the poet should not boar the ropronoh of hoartlessncss and incon- stancy in tho gravest of all human relations." _u,t, * ho adds, that such is his belief in the essential goodness of tho poet's character that ho is willina to suspend judgment till the time arrives for his vindication. " The language," ho oontinuos, " used by Lady Shelley and Mr. Garnett justifies us in ex- pecting that tho vindication will be ns startling as complete." Well, Mr. Dowden had full and unre- served access to all the family papers. But all we learn from Iiíd'' is that, in addition to .Shelley's belief that his wife was false to him-and Shelley's judgment, says his biographer, was in a peouliar dogrqo liable to orr-Godwin had, as ho considered, full proof of her infidelity. The philosopher wrote to Mr. W. Baxter some months aftor Han iot's death, "I know from un- questionable authority, wholly unconnected with Shelley, (though I cannot with proprioty be quoted for this), that she had proved herself unfaithful to her husband before their sepaiation." It must bo remembered bnt-n L _ - ..... u «u "lueiuwie'u nore that Godwin was not a prejudiced witness in tho poet's favour, for ho always condomned Shelloy for going off with his daughter, and on Shelloy's return from his visit to tho Continont with Mary, though anxious to obtain money from him to help to meet tho debts that woro always crushing him, ho would not hold com- munication with the ti nitor f>\cepttliiough anattornoy. Mr. Dnv-don also quotes part of a letter written by Mary Shelley to 'Loigh Hunt tinco years alter hor husband's death, which shows that Mary felt ii^urred *hat "Shelley paitçd from Harriet in the full Ivliof thal, she had forfoited all clcim to hor rights asa wife." / Who was Godwin's unquestionable authority wo do not know ; how Shelloy became assured of his wife's un- faithfulness we do not know. But wo do know that Peacock, Hogg, Hookham,-in fact, ns Trelawnoy writes, " All tho few friends who knew both Shelley and his wifo,-believed ' that Harriet was porfectly innocent of offence. ' " Whether Shel- ley believed her to bo falso to him or not, it was indeed " strange ignorance of a woman's heart (as Mr. Dowden says), to call it by no uglier namo, which led hini to proposo to Harriet that sho should live near him and Mary in Switzerland. Hore, ha assures her, " Tou will, at last, find ono firm and con- stant friend, to whom your intoiosta will bo alvyaya doar ; by whom your feelings will nover wilfully bo injuied. From none can youoxpect this but me,-all clso aro either unfeoling or selfish." But we cannot bring ouisolves to believo, Jane Clair niont's story that ho stooped so low as to borrow money from Harriet on his return to England. Harriet's melancholy death two years afterwards, when, ' mad from life's history, glad to death s* mystery,' sho flung herself into the Serpentine Uiver, forms tho awful closo of one of tho saddest of tho many ead stories of ill-assorted marriage. But " Sic visum Voneri : eui placet impares, ' Formas atquo ánimos sub jutra ahonoa,, Siovo inittere cuni ]oco " Though Shelley's second wifo was a woman of fine talents and accomplishments, and though he continued (as has been said) "in a true sense to,love her to the end," she by no means suecooded in fixing on hersoll his orrnnt fancy. As he wiote not long hoforo ho died, " Some of us have in a prior existence boen in lovowith an Antigone, and that, makes us find no full content in any moital tie." By-tho-wny, why Shelley chosa Antigono wo do not, know ; for that heroino romaiks with, tho utmost coolness in th« tragedy of Sophocles, that if-sho had a husband and lost him, she could get another. Anyhow, the ppet, in regard to whom Professor Dowden somewhat blas- phemously writes that ' no fountain,' however puro, of this our earth can satisfy tho soul that tliirats for tho Highest," drank deep draughts of the love of Emilia Yiviani, and subsequently of Jane Williams. Emilia's story is a curious one. According to Mrs. Shelley, sho married a gentleman named Biondi, and " led him (ta usp a vulgarism) a devil of a life." Hersoul, it appears, sought satisfaction in dopp draughts of brandy. Some timo aftor lh,e "Viviani episode, Shelley com- plained to Mr. Gisboine of Mary, that " it is tho cursa of Tantalus that a poison possessing such excellent powers and so pure a mind as hers should not oxeito tha sympathy indispensable to their application to domestio life." Tho sympathy ho did not find at home ho sought in the society of Mrs. Williams, in whom, says Mr. Dovydeii, he found a now chrmn, " the exquisit« charity of woman, the grace of feminine tenderness." But wo may well extend somo consideration to a young poet when we recollect how an old philosopher deserted his wife, leaving her to perform sartorial operations on his garments, while ha went in quest of his Gloriana, Queen of Fairy Land, of whom ho was, as Mr. Froudo sajs, tho rustió Red Cross Knight. Tot another philosopher, in the pc-son of John Mill, fell, if we may boliovo Greville, under tho fascina- tions of the samo glorious lady, though his love, under hor froering glances, soon turned to aversion. Mighty» indeed, is tho power of Cupid I Whatever opinion wo may form of Sholloy's lov« affairs, there is one thing in him we can heartily and unreservedly admire, and that is his devotion to literature. It is inspiring to read of the ardour with whioh he studied the masterpieces of langungo, and oí the porsovoranco which enabled bim, bofoie his early death in his thirtieth year, to attain an acquaintance with the choice works in French, Gorman, Italian, and Spanish, as well as Latin and Greek. His love of tho great Greek writers was unbounded, as may ba seen from that beautiful piece of prose, his "Dofonce of Poetry." Goethe's "Faust " lib read " oveï and over again, with sensitions which no othef composition excites." Of Calderon (his opinion waa nearly as high as SchlegePs. Shelley's attainments aro the moro admirable when we remombor that Macau« lay, whose command of literature, as Mark Patteson finely Bays, was imperial, did not learn Spanish or Ger- man until a later age than that at which Shelley died, and that though George Eliot persevered " till tho whole range of the bpst literature both ancient and modem, was hers," in tho words of Frederic Harrison, sho learnt most of her Gre^k and Latin aftor 85, and did not begin Spanish before dO. It is melancholy to reflect that though Sholloy was full of tho " enthusiasm of humanity " (his own very phrase), though bo was, savs Byron in a letter to Moore, " the least selfish and the mildest of men-a man who has made more sacrifices of his fortune and feelings for others than any I ever heard of"-still he lived a lonely life, with very few friends, and an object of detestation to the narrow-minded, prejudiced English who stayed near him in Italy, He wrote to Peacook that he was regarded by all who knew or heard of him, except five individuals, as a rare prodigy of crime and pollution, whose looks even might infect. It is, however, consoling to know that on his pilgrimage through life he found some good friends, such as Leigh Hunt, who was in his long life the friend of so many men of genius, including that fine American genius, Hawthorne, with whose delightful and dis- criminating account of Hunt, is "Our Old Home," our readers are doubtless familiar. Horace Smith, too, of tho "Rejected" Addresses," was a stanch friend of Shelley's ; as were Peacock and Trelawney, who was a noble fellow. Keats, according to Hunt, "did not take to Shelley as kindly as Shelley did to him. Being a little too sensitive on the score of his origin, he felt inclined to see in every man of birth a sort of natural enemy." As for Byron, though Shelley had a very high admiration of his genius, he was disgusted with the coarse sensuality of Byron's life at Venice, and writes to his wife with feelings of relief of his brother bard's attachment to the Countess Guiccioli. Lord Byron (he says) had almost destroyed himself in Yenice; his state of debility was such that he was unable to digest any food, he was consumed by hectic fever, and would speedily have perished but for this attachment" Shelley, whose food was broad and raisins, or penny buns, and whose drink was tea, or rarely a little light wine, writes of Byron's dinners : " My nerves are generally shaken to pieces by sitting up contemplating, the rest making themselves vats of claret, &c;, till 3 o'clock in tho morning." Shelley felt keenly his lack of popularity, as he was not without " that last infirmity of noble minds." " "Nothing is more difficult and unwelcome," he said not long before his death, "than to write without a con« fldence of finding renders." He had, however, admirers whom he might well deem instar omnium. Hunt wrote to him that his " Rosalind and Helen " was a favourite with Charles Lamb, one of the subtlest critics that ever lived When a savage attack was made in the Quarterly Review not only on his writings, but on his character, Professor Wilson warmly defended him in Blackwood. He declared that Shelley had been infamously and stupidly treated in the Quarterly, and went on to speak of the " eagle-winged raptures", of his poetry, and to declare that he was a poet almost in the very highest sense of that mysterious word. Since his death his fame has grown as great as he would have desired ; he has found fit audience, and yet, we think, not few. Some of his lyrics are unsur- passed in English verse, though Mr. Matthew Arnold disparages him, and asserts that " in Mr. Palgrave's charming 'Treasury' may be seen a gallery of his failures." Still, we do not altogether believe in tho infallibility even of Mr. Matthew Arnold, and continue to find an undiminished charm and delight in such, verses as "When the Lamp is Shattered," the lines written in dejection near Naples, tho ode to the west wind, to a skylark, and other pure, lofty, and thrilling notes of one of England's sweetest singers. 