OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. MELBOURNE, Nov. 12. The wrath of factions, as the Government has discovered, is worse than the anger of offended gods. _ In the simplicity of his diplomacy Mr. Gillies imagined that he could give the palm to both sides, that he could sacrifice with equal acceptance to the Saturn of publican worship and to the Jupiter of the temperance party. He is taken aback to find that neither of the powers whom he is anxious to placate will have anything to do with his humble offering of a bill. Never was a more transparent, and at the same time a more honest, scheme devised for catching the votes of two parties. The Amending Licensing Bill was plainly the result of a struggle in the Cabinet, and exhibited in every clause the reflex of its origin. The Ministers had made concessions to each other, and they apparently argued that a House divided in a like proportion in opinion would do the same. They only forgot that as the ordinary member does not draw a Ministerial salary, he has not the same powerful inducement for accepting pleasant compromises. There were concessions to the publicans and concessions to the temperance party, and it was expected that these two bitter foes would proclaim a truce, pass the measure, and take each the share allotted to him by the treaty. To the surprise of the Government they only agreed in rejecting the measure. The teetotalers exclaimed that it did not give them half enough, the others that it yielded too much to the alliance, and on the first night of the debate it was plain that the bill would be obstructed to the utmost. It was partly resisted by the one side, partly denounced by the other, and the Government speedily saw that the chance of carrying it into law at this late period of the session was exceedingly small. Mr. Gillies and Mr. Deakin, however, persevered, for a short time, and passed a few clauses through committee, but finding that the opposition increased into uproar, and that their own supporters were being widely divided, they resolved to abandon every disputable section. They, therefore, accom- modating eviscerated the measure, took out of it everything like an idea, removed all the real amendments on the previous Act, destroyed, everything that would have given it some individuality, and left the mere framework of a law. A few clauses remain, which are intended to improve the machinery of the law, otherwise our licensing system is unchanged The heat evoked required an all-night sitting, during which the public were informed what the semi-sacred members of the Assembly think of each other. The direct was frequently given. Accounts of private conversations were dragged forth and bluntly contradicted. Mr. Gaunson taunted one member with having diddled a barmaid out of "threepence," nod he took occasion, as mud-thrower at humanity in general, to make an assault on his bite noire, Sir Graham Berry, whom he pronounced to be " an old counterfeit, a white haired political rogue, a bandy-legged schemes." Then Mr. Shiels brought up once more the ghost of the O'Loghlen Government, which invariably > appears in the middle of a stormy scene. He accused MR. Gillies of having intrigued against that unfortunate Government, whose members can never forget that they were thrown into office and kept there for no merits of their own, while he pretended to support it. Mr. Gillies made a heated reply, and Mr. Deakin, who was then in opposition, declared that Mr. Shiels himself was the traitor. Tired out by a surfeit of personal abuse, the House then sank into dulness ineffable. The subject of discussion was a resolution in regard to local option ; but the teetotalers happened to have a majority of the members who were present, and their opponents stonewalled, waiting for support. It was 10 in the morning before the absent brigade arrived, and then, in, a fairly full House, local option, as the temperance party proposed it, was rejected by a majority of five. There was a renewal of the strife on Thursday evening, when the Government proposed to rescind three clauses favourable to the teetotalers, which had been carried in committee. Mr. Munro and his temperance friends held out, but the vast majority of the House determined that if concessions were refused to one side they should also be denied to the other. The Government has therefore extricated itself from the pitfall by virtually abandoning the whole measure. It might have been better if the Ministers had insisted upon their bill, and finally forced it through Parliament They have gained nothing by putting the bill forward and drawing it back. It is true that they divided the Opposition, but they divided their own supporters as well, and betrayed a difference of opinion among themselves. A Cabinet which lives by constant compromise is perhaps the worst fitted to settle such a question. The present Ministry, however, has the further disadvantage of want of resolution in managing the Assembly. The occupants of the Treasury benches bow meekly to the storm, only making an occasional humble appeal to the chairman to maintain order. They seem to have no idea that it is the duty of a Government to govern, to keep order, to find legislative work, to impress its ideas upon the laws, and to carry its principles through Parliament ÍDto the Statute Book. To do the departmental work, and to let Parliament welter in its own words, seems to be their one mode of life; but as they will be still more divided on the revision of the tariff, and, therefore, still more powerless, it is more than probable that their union is drawing to its inevitable end. To the numerous disadvantages of travelling on the Victorian railways, the Government now proposes to add that, in the event of a passenger being killed, the compensation paid to his wife and family shall be limited to £1000. The main argument is that as all classes pay the same fare, there should also be one uniform rate of compensation. With this is joined the extraordinary statement that the railways belong to the public, that the man who is killed or injured is partly responsible for the management under which the accident takes place, and that the majority of the people, being the shareholders, are entitled to limit the amount of damages, if they please. Of course, on the same principle, the State should never pay damages at all. If every man is responsible for the management of the departments because he has a vote for the Legislative Assembly, then it is absurd to give compensation in any case. But it needs desperate twists of thought to get round the unanswerable fact that, when private companies are compelled to pay the full damages assessed by a jury, the State cannot fairly be placed in a different position. If the Government cannot legislate, it can, at least, show its activity in framing bills. In spite of the fact that the session is rapidly coming to an end, and that half of the proposals now on the notice-paper will be sacrificed, it has introduced and circulated a measure for the Amendment of the Public Service Act. The amendments are strictly limited to minor technical improvements in the working of the Act, and to the grievances which have been brought forward by the Civil servants. The latter, however, have not received every concession they demanded, and are reported to be still dissatisfied, and, if they choose to lay their cases before members of Parliament, they can easily block the progress of the bill. To do so, however, would hardly be in their own interests, as they are now offered some improvement in their position, which may be long delayed if they insist upon too much. The excitement of the Cup has been followed by the milder dissipation of flower shows, cricket matches, and reviews, all of which are attended with equal impartiality by the Governor. In this connection it may be said that there has been no hint of placing an additional sum upon the Estimates for his Excellency. He has large allowances, and if more were required on account of an exceptional invasion of visitors during the centennial year, the extra amount would naturally be proposed next session. In the meantime the Prince of Wales's birthday has been celebrated in the usual fashion, and with all the more heartiness that the occasion brought the one true, perfect, spring day we have had this season, The review was highly successful, though some slight mistakes such as firing at the Governor's party, under the impression that they were enemies were made. A thousand men marched and counter marched, skirmished and fired, and went home worried and sunburnt, and conscious that they were learning more of the art of war. The Mayor's banquet in the Town Hall was attended by 800 guests. No Ministerial deliverance, of course, could be expected j but Mr. Gillies said he would ask the House to lift itself above party strife and discuss the scheme of defence recommended by the Imperial Conference. The Earl of Carnarvon," who spoke as a late Secretary of State, was complimentary, and nothing more, and most of the audience would have been better pleased with a weightier deliverance. There was that, however, about his style of speech and his choice of words, which was peculiarly refreshing to one wearied with Parliamentary prayers. 