J'lIE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) pEOoiirsaioN, «uii Kionra, akd our xttsotJUcsaT"^: SANDHURST, MONDAY, MAY 23, 188? THE QUEEN'S FTOD. VTe neod make no axcuse for again referring to the subject of Lady Locli'a proposal for tlio establishment of a Queen's Fund. Im pressions which are clearly erroneous have got abroad which, if allowed to gain ground, will have an injurious effect on the move ment. It is suggested that Lady Loch has been persuaded to give her countenance to a scheme propounded by some other person or persons. This view may lead people who are inclined to think that the benefits will be metropolitan rather than national, to suspect that her ladyship has consented unwittingly to become an instrument for the carrying out of a Melbourne scheme, lhat this has not been the case is proved by the words of the Chief Justice, who, speaking at the meeting on Thursday in the presence of her ladyship, said " he believed everyone would have been, rejoiced beyond measure if thoy could have heard this scheme explained and commended to their notice from the lip3 of that good and gracious woman, whose kind and loyal heart and sagacious intelligence had devised this scheme." That is definite enough surely to convince the country that the proposal originated with Lady Loch, and that she really intended, as she has stated, that the fund should have 3 national and not a purely metropolitan application, nnd :is >Sir Geori»o Vordon observed, in an interview will) :i J]traltl reporter, thai "this fund will have long out- stretching arms, reaching to every part of the colony and conveying help or assistance to all those cases which it is intended to relieve." The Chief Justice, acting as the mouthpiece of Lady Loch, wlw of course is not; used to public speaking, said distinctly, " it was proposed tlmt tho assistance of women in all parts of Victoria j should be enlisted in the distribution as woll as the collection of the fund," iJotwith 9tnndiug tliia and other assurances, it lias boon publicly said "that oxeopt for tho pure pleasure of subset ibing the country districts will gain nothing from tlioir generosity." If good grounds should bo shown for this stato niont it would be (juite right to warn the people of Sandhurst and of the provinces generally that they would bo giving monoy, which is badly wantod for tlioir own poor, for tho relief solely of distress in tho metro polis. But can it bo supposed for a moment that tho Governor and his wife would attompt to impoao upon tho pooplo of tho colony, or that tho Chief Justice was not satisfied of tho 6011 ft fide character of tho resolution pro posed by him, which ran ns follows : — Ho movoil"Tlmt, in fitting cnlobration of thic, the Jubilee year of the reign of lie Majosty the Queen, it is, in the opinion of this meo ing, expedient that a fund should becreatco in Victoria, to bo called the Queen's Fund, the principal whereof shall bo invested, and the interest shall bo applied in aid of women resid'iit in Viotoria who inay, from time to time, bu in liaed of relief or help." " Women resident in Victoria." Mel bourne is not Victoria. Tho Chief Justice would not have invited tho public to endorse a manifestly misleading resolution; nor could any one on tho platform with him or in the body of the meeting havo misunderstood its meaning. Thereforoit has boon affirmed by the metropolitan public that the fund shall be extended to " women resident in Vic toria." It has boon shown also in tho clearest manner possible that tho manageniont of tho linanccs will not rest with the metropolitan mombora of tho coinmittoo, and in the for mation of that committee tho provinces have been given such a voico in tho management that even if an attempt were made to assume the solo control of the finances by the met ropolitan members, sufficient checks upon monopoly have been provided. Tho idea that tho country districts will receive aid only in proportion to their contributions is not warranted by anything that lias boon sot forth by the promoters and supporters of tho schomo. Collections aro asked for from all parts of tho colony to bo placcd in a common fund for distribution wherever j assistance may bo required. It may woll be expected that tho community of Melbourno, being by far tho largest in tho colony, will contribute tho most; for the largest amount of distress ordinarily will bo found to exist in tho most largely populated contres. Tho other districts can only contribute according to tlioir means, but each adds something for the benefit of all. Our morning contom | porary says it "cannot ascertain how much ! has already been raised towards tho fund," j bat believes "that tho amount is by nmuy , tons of thousands of pounds short of £100,000, which ono of tho most onthusiaa tio of tho spoakors at tho meeting hinted that it should roach." Our contemporary ovidently has not given tho attention to tho matter which its importance claims. Sir James MacBain, who is not likely to be carried away by mero onthusiasm, said "he was sure there would bo a good response to tho appeal, and that in a low years time, by bequests, not only £50,000 would bo raised, but £100,000." No one, we imagine is so sanguine as to expect that £100,000 will bo subscribed right off, but wo soo no improbability in tho anticipation that " in a few years" it may reach that amount. In tho moantimo it will bo a groat pity if doubts as to tho success of tho scheme should cause efforts to bo relaxed in this city and district. Thoro has been an extraordinary demand 011 tho resources of tho charitablo of lato, and largo immodiato contributions cannot be ex pected. But if a beginning is made tho fund may bo mado to grow b}- one means and another to goodly dimensions in tho course of time. Tho suggestion that Sandhurst should have a Queen's fund of its own, will, if adopted, simply cause this city to bo cut off entirely from any participation in the benofits of Lady Loch's scheme, which is not to bo limited to any particular localities, and in tho distribution of which the provinces will have as much to say as tho metropolis. Qadi.kobajw. —Our cablegrams this morning announce tlmt in doforenco to tho Unionist Liberals the Salisbury Government will drop tho clause in tho Crimes Bill relating to a change of vouue, aud will substitute a proviso for sorioua cases being trio J before n commi?aion of judges. From Frauco wo loarn that M. Froycinet lias ri« clinod the task of forming a Ministry, and M Rouvioro ban boon ontrustid with it. Petition* for tho retention of General Botilangeras Minister of War havo been received by tho President. The Czar is on hia way back to St Putorsburg; and Mr O'Brien has bocd received in Ottawa ns I10 was in Toronto, and ha? returned to Now York. Gold Calls and Dividends,—-Tha gold yields on Saturday wero moderate; tho total being about 2.000 oza. Thu list wa« headed by the PearJ with a fius 5 told of -111 ozs, and the other chief returns wero Lansell's "ISO," 193 r.za; Old Chum 175 ozs; Golden Pyke 152 oza; Vic'oria Quartz 118 oza; Hercules 121 ozs; and Lady Barkly, 102 ozs The only dividend was ona of sixpence amounting to £750) in tho Now Argus, and tho only call involved £233 6a 8d. Sjutii Afiucan Goldfields—Wo understand that a party of Bondigo miners will leave during til0 week to try their fortunes on tho South African goldfields, We are in roceipt of an interesting articlo on tho Do Kaap goldfields, written by an old Victorian digger, who spent nine years in Natal, and who only recently returned. It will bo publiBhod as good aa Bpaceis available. The Bulli Relief Fond.—The coUea'.ion that was intendod to havo been taken up in tho Gamp Reserve on Sunday week on behalf of thi Bulli relief fund, but which waB postponed owing to unfavorable weather, was mido yeet-rday after noon. Northcntt's Militia Band and a very few members of tho militia infantry, togoth»r with representatives from Long Gully, Golden Squ.tru, No 1, and City Brigades turned out, the band marching down tho Mall, and into tho Reserve by tho HowardjPlaco gate, playing soloctions of music the while. Thoro has boon great apathy shown on tho part of tho committee all through, and this was again very noticeable yesterday, when only a cooplo of the members, Mestrs A. Bush and Mr D. O'Keofe, put in an appoarance along with tha boo. sec., Mr J. P. Carolin. Tharo was a good attendance of the public, but when about half of tho programme of innsic had been gone through a slight shower fell, and a number consequently loft the Reserve. Tho band (which turned out in good muster) performed in excellent style the following programme:—Quick step, "Grown him" H. Round; grand selection, "St Paul" (Mtatorio); Mendelssoln; '"Kyrie and Gloria, 12th miss," Mozart; selection, "Pressing on," H. Round; grand selection, "Judas Mace;bieus," Han del A feature in tho performances was the rendering of "Vital spark," by Marwood. Tho National Anthem having boon played tho an semblage disper ed. The total amount of the collection was £7 7s Id. One of a Thousand Gone. - The intimation of the death of Mrs Allen, wife of Mr John Allen, of Crusce Hotel, will be received with feeling of deep regret by the numerous friends of the deceased. She died yesterday, and will be buried in the Kangaroo Flat Cemetery this afternoon. De- ceased, who was a very old Bandigonian, was respected by every one; her motherly kindliness and generous disposition and cheerfulness of character won a large amount of affectionate regard. Visitors to her house and fine gardens - and it is a favorite picnic spot - ever received a courteous and hearty welcome. No trouble was spared, and every comfort and attention was given, so that visits were a real pleasure. Hospitality was one of her cardinal virtues, and as a good wife, a kind neighbor, and a faithful friend she will be sadly missed. Late TbaJS*.—Saturday was the first day on which tickets wero issued at excursion fares in conncction with the Queen's Birthday. A largo number of parsons availed thomaolvea of tho con cession. The train from Melbourne which is duo hero at ten minutes to eight_ was half an hour late on Saturday evening, owing to tha unusually I heavy passenger tratiic. MesioRIAH Service.—At tho Baptist Church, Hargreaves sti 63t, yesteiday tho Rev B. Vaughan conducted the services. In the morning thoro was a good congregation, and tho rev gentleman preached an eloquent sermon on "Tno s cond coming of Chr'nt, tho hupo of the church." In tho evening Mr Vaushan delivered a special 6ermon in memory of Mr J. Osmond, who barf teoa identi fied with tho church ns deacon and secretary for the past twenty yoars. Tha discourse wa« proached from a text chossn by tho deceased prior to hia death, taken fern Genesis, 22nd chapter and 3rd verse " And Abraham stood up from before bis dead." Several circumstances in the life and wcrk of Mr Oiinond wero referred to by tho preacher, who, ba bm<3, wa» greatly honored apd, beloved by tho memherti of tho cluuch (or hts faithful life nnd Ilnptint principle*. Kofermcos of j a touching nature worn nl-io mndo to tho Inst inomeu's of tha duconsod. Tliora waa n largo congregation. Jcniiinic DR'.vinw' Association. — Tlio weekly mauling was li-ld on Saturday ovoning at tho rooms—tlio H.iohivo Hotel. There was a vory good attendance of momliorn, and Mr B. Froo »tone(vice-president) was in tho chair. A notico »f iiinLinn, rc (ho conduct of election businoas for thehaif-yoiirly mooting, was handed in.by Mr B. IjowiH Ono now mombor nnd ona npprontico wora elected, and onu poraon win nominatod for membership, Tho following additional itnmiim tiona for tho varintuj oIViu!Jy wore received from tho halfyonrly mooting t—l'ros'.dout, Moasra Lewia, Bayne, Wilnon, FroOBtuno, and Coatos; vioo prcni dmit, Momra Wilson, Lewis, nnd Biyne; tronmiror, Mr Ijnwi«; conimittoo, Mossrs Lonsdale, Bayne, Hondomon, Coatoa, and Fargo. Kkmahkaulk Uailstoum at Paymcskobd.—Mr VV. K. Stanbridgj, writing to tho " Argiu," hos given a long description of the hailstorm which was oxpariencodlut Daylosford on tho 'JGili of February last. Ho states that nomo of tho hail stones woro vory largo, measuring fiom 18 to 21 incho* in circumforouco, and in several placos they pierced galvanised iron roofs. Fourof tlio largost atonos woighed 20 07,3. Collision* in Std.nky Haiihouu.—Two har bour Hto.unorn, tho lidod in Sydney hat hour on Friday, Both wero Hoan to bo sinking, and woro towod ovor to Blues' Point, whoro thoy woro allowed to aink sido by aido. Tlio pasiongors woro bindod in safety. Tiik Iltl.su (Jurstion.—Tho "Times" continnos to mako frosli revoUti >m> respecting tho c inunction botwaon tho Olan-ni-ltnol (American Feniau Assassination .Society) and tho l\trnol!itoa. Its statomonts (nays an "Ar^u*" telegram) nro vory damngin.r to tho Irish National p l'KABl. Kisiiikm—An '* Argu^ " telegram statos that a company, with a capital of i'300,000 for tho purposo.of carrying on poarl liihing in North Australian watorp, is about to bo placod upon tho London market. (iKNKHAL l^OULANOEll.—An 11 Argils '' tologram states tlmt thor-i is a general impression that Frano*) will quiotly accapt tha exclusion of Oonoral Uoulangor from tlio Ministry for tho sake of securing poaco with Germany. TN'yuLTiN'G Bkuavioh —A young man named Jolm Temby, a miner, wns arrostoii by Constable Cuddihy on Saturday ovoniug on a chargo of intuit ing behavior. Thk Mail.—Tho li.M.S Bengal reached tho heads at It o'clock last night. MEKTINC! OK VlONKllONH TN MkLIIOUIINE —A vory largo mooting of vignorona was held 011 Friday night nt tho Melbourne Town Hall. Mr Panton, P.M., boing in tho cha-'r (aays tlio Aiyns) to consider what step.-i should bo taken to obtain a grant of £a00 for the promotion of tlio wine industry. Mr L. L. Smith said tint I10 li id had "a bit of ajtinglo" with the Minister of Agriculture over tho matter that day, and oxplauied that Jt'flOO had boon placod upon tho estimates forthooncournge ment of viticulture ; and Mr How now hold that this could only bs paid 011 condition that contribu tions wore made by tho vignorona tliomsolvea. Ha urged that somo such encouragement was dua to vignorona in Victoria a3 was given by tho Bureau of Agricu'.turo in California. Messrs Bruhn, Fox, and Craike, of Sandhurst, all >poko iu tha samo strain, tho latter moving n resolution to tho elToct that in the opinion of tho vinegrowors prosent it was desirable "that tho sum of £500 placod up n tho Estimates should bo handod over to tho Australian Wine Association, to bo devotod by thorn to tho promotion of viti culture. This resolution was seconded by Mr Crughoy, prosidont of tho Murray Valley Socioty, and unanimously adopted. Ko.presont.Uivo of tho various country sociotios oxpressod their uutiro satinfuctioii with tho sugg>Htion that tho Oontral Wino Association should decide na to the direc tion iu which tho money might bo moat profitably expended. It was explained that unless the amount was secured by t he end of July the voto would lap?o. At tho closo of tho meeting Homo samples of Califoruian wino woro submitted for the judgmoilt of tho many oxperts present." D/ath in thk Hospital —Amy Erloy, ngod 28, ad.nitted on the 5th Ap il, died iu tho hospital 011 Saturday from phthisis Sudden Dkatii.—Tho dopuly coronor, Mr Bell, hold an inquiry 011 Friday on tho body of n married woman iiimed Manila Matilda Bu combo, who hai been an invalid for tho last two yoars, and died rather suddenly on Thursday night at I10' late residence in Short stroal. TI>o evidence of Dr Atkinson, whomada a ;ml. mor/aii examina tion of tlio body, showo I that the cause of death was congostion of tho brain and ctf ision of serum, tho result of natural causes. A verdict was ro turned iu accordance with tho medical testimony.. Child Sufkjoatkd.—At a magisterial inqoiry at Jamioi-on, before Warden Cooper, on tho death of an infant of Anna do Poineroy, which was found by tho polico buried iu a garden, tlio jury's finding was that' it was a caso of cnncealmont of birth, and that tho child had boon suffocated, but that thoro was no ovidenco to bIiow how tho mffocUion had beon cirricd out, Citv Polick Couur. — Mossrs Andorson aud Boobior, Js.P., piesidod at tho City Court on Saturday. Mary Gordon, commouly known as "Cranky Mary," was again boforo tho bouch on her usual chargo of drunkenness. She was fined 10s, ill default of payment thereof, threo days' im prisonment. Mary llynes. another well - known offender, charged also w.tli drunkenness, was linod •10s with 2s Gd costs, with an alternative of ono month's imprisonment. Tliroo debt casos woro dipposod of, and tlio court roie. Waiidkn-'s Ci.ep.k, Ftc.—Mr It. S. Busst has boon appointed wirdon'.s clerk, district miniog registrar and mining registrar at Sandhurst, during tho absence on leave of Mr N. G. Stophens. Prune Skhvick Examination.—A complete list of tli« candi'latos entitled to bo prosent at tho examination for the clerical division of tho publ;c service, to bo hold on Saturday, tho llth Jure next, was publishod in last Friday's Oovcmmenl (iazct'e. An examination of candidates for tho ii"n clotical division will bo held on tho samo date. Golden Square Working Men’s Club - On Wednesday evening an entertainment will be given at the Foresters Hall, Golden Square, in aid of the building fund of the above mentioned insti tute. An effort has been made to provide a most attractive programme, and the following members of the Sandhurst Liedertafel will lend their assis tance towards that end: - First tenors: Messrs J. Jolly, G. Matear, G. Pallett, C Solomon, W. Tinkler. Second tenors : Messers F. J. Macoboy J Seymour, T. Warne, A. Roper, . First Bass : Messers J. Ripper, H V. Roper, L. Gormann, J. D. Coburn. Second Bass : Messrs M. Macoboy, A. Tawse, K. Matchett, T. McWhirter, W. Dickson. Mr A. T. Croook will act as conductor, Mr J. Bocklemann as accompanist, and Mr J. Butler as Violinist. The entertainment will con clude with a select quadrille party. Thk Railway Accidknt in Qokknslanii.—Tho man Roberts, who shifto l the points and caused tho railway accidont on tho Faasifern line, has been arrested for manslaughter Tha sufferers in the hospital are progressing favorably. St Patrick a Day Stouts.—Tho committee of the abovo held a final meeting on Tuesday even ing, when it waa decided that tho profits of tho sport?, amounting to tfiol Sj -Id should be handed over to St Kilian's school for oducatinnal purposes. Tiik Billmann I* amily.—Wo havo received ill Is from Mr Maurico^Moran for tho relief of this family. Dr Ponfold advertises sover.il donations and announces that Mrs Pen'old will bo happy to receive further donations «r articles for the family A Cowardly Attack.—Tho "Pastoral Times"' recordi tho admission to tho Deniliquin' Hospital of two aged grey-hoaded blackfollowa, who woro tho victims of a cowardly attack by somo drunken travellers. They had both been severely injured about the hoad, but it is satisfactory to know that their ansailants havo beon arrested. Piling on tiik Agony.—A tranco medium in f rmed ono of tho " Herald"' correspondents that although noarly ono hundred miles away from the Windsor railway collision, ho saw it as plainly as if thero. M'Nab, ho said, caught first sight of tho ordinary train on tho lino just ahead, and turned to Maskoll with the blood curdling cry, ' Good Go 1 1 Ma?koll, tho ordiuary's broken down just ahead; on with tho brake." Maskoll then gavo ono quick glance, and with the aid of Iiis companion put tho brake on tight, but too lato to aive their own lives; for the nex^. moment the buffers of their engino strxk aeaiust tlioso of tho last carriage of tho ordinary train with an unoarthly and sharp metal'ic sound, and the two mon wero enveloped in blinding sheets of smoke, steam, and fire. Tha speed at which tho expross was travelling at tho time was so torrific; ho said, that but for the instantaneous and det-rmined application of tho brako both trains would have been smashed to pieces. Injcu\ to A IitJNATlc —On Saturday morning, at the request of Dr CoIqnhoUTj, the rc*id-nt surgeon, at the Bendigo Ifo.-pital, Mr R Strick land, P.M , made a special official vinit to tho luuacy ward, and fouud th»t a lun».tic pitient named Torrenco M'Wrath, suffering from suicidal mania, had, whilst confined in the padded room, climbed u;i ti th» barrel window which admitted light to tho coll, Ho Appeared to hava fallen b ickwards, and sustained considerable injury, sup posed to lead to paralysis of tho spine. This occurred on Fiiday. Mr Strickland ontered a report in the b-iok to tho effect that no possible blame attached to tha atioudants or mo ical officora of tho hospi tal. Ho also sug e6ted that the room ehould bo padded to the ceiling, and that light ba obtained from a Bkylight. A Ghost in Williasistown. -Tho " Herald" states that a ghost story comes from Williams town. Tho apparition has beon seen by a servant girl, a medical man, and a municipal official, but tho more practical ot tho residents aro prepared to give tho ghost a sound thrashing or a dip in a horse trough. A Knighthood Declined.—Mr Adye Douglas, Agent-General for Tasmania, has (according to a Teleeraph telegram) declined a knighthood. The European Situation -An " Argus " tele gram states that the French Government have ordered 4,500 001 kilogrammes (n-arly 10,000 000 lbs) of canned meat at Chicago for the use of the army. Messrs.R. O'Neill and Co. (in conjunction with Mr T. Morrow) will sell by public auction at Boort on Friday, 10th of June, 1,300 acres of freehold land at Mysia. known us Ryan's estate. Messrs. J. C. "Walker and Co. "wiU submit for pulAic competition ntEcbuca, on Friday next, 150 co*ts on account of Messrs. A. and R. Hay. Attention is directed toau advertisement in another column rolatins to tha sale of funs, ornaments, *jtc., ivt lira. Mona^hau's repository, Bath Corner, 51 oss™. J. A. Ley Boase stxd Co., drapers, Pall Hall, notify that customers having dressesa, mantles, hats, etc., damaged by the firo yesterday morning will have tho name replaced. The Trades United Quadrille Clnb is postponed until Thursday erenin^ next. On Wednesday evening the Eev. S. Chapman, of Mel. bourne, will preach in the Baptist Church, Hur^-rcaves street, at 7.30, and urj,*e the claims of the iJuptist fuud. The last paragraph in Inspcctar Taylor's report in rc the cloaeta at tho police station, refers to tha public urinala at tho rear of tho lockup, and not at the police station, as stated in the report. The trroriaional committco of tho local art gallery are reminded by advertisement in another column that a meeting will bo held in the mayor's rooia, Town Hall, this RfteroOQa at 