TTKUK THERE & EVISUY WHERE ? ? ? i 1 ? Earl of Aberdeen presented with a a Battering address at Albury. The 'Argus' encourages storekeepers . to break the law. Another very disorderly meeting at Brunswick council. One man called ! another a liar and a scoundrel. j Home Liberal Party have presented 1 their whxp_ with with 10,000 guineas. Engine driver named ^-oleman badly injured in horse accident at Benalla. ] Jockey named Swinbonne killed at Creswick. Adelaide policeman -fined Xi2 for deseition Mr O'SuIlivan, M.L.A., terms the N.S.W. Ministry ' a band of fiscal thugs.' Mr j. L. Dow is ' touring it' in Adelaide. Canning fish has been started near Adelaide.' ' Sir Enery' is getting it pretty hot iu N.S.W. Assembly. Small-pox in Port Louis. A bullet photographed while being fired from a rifle at Austria. Government telegrams in New South Wales cost no less than L14,895 last year: A New Zealand M.L A . has given .LI ,000 lo the Imperial Institute. A knighthood will follow. Dr Russell, of Christuhurch, sentenced to 10 years for trying to procure abortion. A writ for L5.000 served on Dtm edin Corporation in consequence of a flooded cellar. 12,604 Sunday drunkards arrested j in England last year according to j official returns. 1 Good brandy made from straw- 1 berries in France. | School of Music in Madrid has 2,095 pupils. 60,000 coal handlers on strike in New York. Charles Kingsley said no sane man I can get on with silly or stupid people. Too much of a fool about the first ; too much of an ass about the last. A race course lately constructed at Niagara Falls. Suppression of betting is killing horse racing in France. Anton Strokel lately ran 632£ miles in six days at Philadelphia. Professional billiard playing is al most dead in the United States. Railway carriages now fitted up as churches in Russia. Four Chinese converts lately bap tized in Sandhurst. Lord Salisbury's eldest son is about entering the church. Pew rents at St. Peter's, Eaton Ron are. London, amount to L-2-000 per annum. The latest Amcican umbrella is ornamented with a glass window. L20,000 to be expended on new railway station at Goulburn, N.S.W. Hundreds of tons of grapes de stroyed in Mudgee district, New South Wales, thiough late raius. It is proposed to 6ave £74,000 annually by a Black Wednesday in New South Wales Lauds department, Krupp, the gun maker, is worth L250,000 per annum. L600,000 consumed annually on boot-blacking in England. Senator Stanford is building a twenty-four knots per hour yacht at San Francisco. 195 new streets aud one new square added to London last year. . There are 14,000 police in London. There are 500 species of ferns in Jamaica, Sunday trading stopped in the : squash shops of Brisbane. A real ghost is the latest novelty reported from Echuca. It is said that Parnell has never yet lost his temper. Sir 'Enery proposes to abolish ad valorem duties and tax the breakfast table. Spencer's flour mill destroyed by fire at Rochester. . Man named John Dalton committed suicide at Collingwood. : In Saturday's ' Argus ' a private in the Mounted Rifles says the officers are all incompetent.' Big leak reported in Charlton reservoir. Another savage assault on a con stable at Collingwood. Frozen meat trade continues brisk in London. Typhoid increasing to an alarming extent. \- Mr W. Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, died on Saturday. The Victorian gunboat Albert can only travel about six or eight knots an hour. London wool market continues firm Another earthquake shock in South Australia. Forty men of -war took part in the naval demonstration at Paris. Russia again approaching Afghan boundary. Miner named Fould killed at Clunes. Marshall Bazaine stabbed by a Frenchman at Madrid. Mann and Stugdale, Australian merchants of London, have gone smash for L80.000, l'he MahtH has offered to take charge of Soudan affairs. Mr, Parnell iVabout to prosecute the ' London Times* for publishing a for gery as a letter of his. The Irish Crimes Act read a second time, . ^ AH vessels from the Mauritius are quarantined. .Alanning earthquake in western district of Sofith Australia. | The R, M. steamer Tasmania ashore ' at Corsica. . 2,000 men on New South Wales government unemployed relief works, fpfoptatn of steamer Namoe fined L60 Sltii Sydney for carrying more than prescribed number of passengers. 