EVENING MEETING. WELCOME TO MB. DALE AND AIR. fcSPIOER. The Pitt-street Church was crowded in the evening on the occasion of a public welcome to Dr. R. W. Dale and Mr. A. Spicer, who are now on an official visit to the Congregational frluirnhea in Australasia. The chair wa9 occu- pied by the Rev. Dr. Jefferis, and ,on the plat form, which was tastefully decorated with flowers wrought into the inscription " Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer welcome," were Dr. and Mrs. Dale, Mr. aud Mrs. A. Spicer, Mr. J. Inglia, M.P., Dr. Garran, M.L.C., Dr. 8. Jones, Messrs. J. R. Fairfax, J. Mullens, R. G. Reading, G. A. Lloyd, M.L.C., A.Allen. M.P., W. J. Green, and the Revs. J. J. W. Davies, M.A., G. Campbell, T. S. Foraaith, J. Hill, M.A., H. J. Robjohns, R. Dey, W. 0. Robinson and J. G. Frasor, M.A. The Chairman said they were met together to give a hearty English welcome to Dr. Dale ana Mr. Spicer and their wives, and to Dr. Dale's daughtor. The name of Dr. Dale was one known all the world over as that of a man who bad been noted for his adheveuce to the truth, who fought for no sect or no party, but who had songht to win for Englishmen those rights, political and ecclesiastical, which Englishmen ought to enjoy. The Rev. J. T. W. Davies, M.A., proposed "that this assemblage verv heartily welcomes Dr. R. W. Dale and Mr. A. '.Spicer to the mother colony of Australia, and earnestly hopes tbat their visit may be a pleasure to them, and a means of good to the community, and sends by them their cordial greeting to tbe churches of the mother land of which they are tbe honored representatives." The speaker spoke of the personal obligations he was under to their visitors. He had sat under Dr. Dale's ministry in Carr's-lane, and had also been a student at Spriug-hill under his able guidance, whils" he owed a debt to Mr. Spicer, inasmuch as he first tout his wife under the hospitable roof at Woodford where Mr. Spicer was reared. Fie then dwelt upon Dr. Dale's services an a leader of thought to the Liberal party in England, to the literature of the day and to the pulpit and the world. In able terms he alluded to the effect of such work upon the world of to-day, leading to what all desired — the federation of English-speaking people all the world over. Mr. Jas. Inuljs, Minister for Education, in seconding ihc resolution, said tbat he was not an orator, bnt in a simple, honest, earnest, Scotch fashion he wished to accord a welcome to their distinguished visitors. Dr. Dale was a prince in literature, with a regal miud, a fearless believer in tho ultimate good of hu- mauity, an optimist of the first water, believing that the uearer they were to true liberty the nearer they were to the divine source from whence it sprung. In Mr. Spicer they wel comed an English gentleman of cultured in tellect and stainless honor, and he might say of him " his worth is warrant for his welcome.' Mr. Aldert Spicer, who was received with loud and continued applause, thanked them for the magnificent welcome they had accorded his wife and himself. He, as the lay representative of the Congregational chnrches of England and Wales, bad attended already two welcome meetings and bad met with great kindness in Victoria and South Australia, but he felt in coming to Sydney he was coming to a city full of old associations — full of his own and bis father's friends, and all of them knew what was meant by. these tics. He had some claim to speak to a colonial audience as the son of the treasurer for 40 years of the London Mis sionary Society. With regard to his work in other parts of his journey he had been thankful to see the new life in these great colonies. If they saw a man in his own home for 24 hours they got to know more about him than could be acquired through years of correspon dence, and although, thanks to cables and steamers, the different parts of the world had been brought into closer contact, he thought there was a greater risk of misunderstandings because they were not able to talk with each other as fully by means ot cablegrams as py me old means oi letters. Jto was thankful to ee with his own eyes whatever was good in them, and he hoped tho result of their visit would be to bring the churches into closer sympathy and touch, and to bind the different parts of the great British Empire together in a bond of union. He had not grown in modesty since he had lauded in Australia, as the further he had gone the prouder he bad felt of being an Englishman, or rather, a Britisher. From the moment he lauded and ever since he had gonesbouider to shoulder and hand in hand with those he felt to be his own people, representing the rank and rile of the great middle class who had done so much to develop the resources of the British Empire, and when he saw their government, their grand s'stem of education, their noble institutions lor the relief of sickness and suffering, their parks and gar dens, he saw that they were working well to develop, educate and brighten the lives of those arouni thorn, and he felt glad that he belonged to tbe same nation. He had tried to sec their coantry fife, and had travelled from township to township, and had Been how their Con- gregatioual idea was permeating the lives of public fife in the country. Con gregationalism had still a grand work to do in Australia. An Englishman was proverbially a fighting man, never happier than when con tending with somebody or something, and in tho market, in the Legislature, on the platform and in the press he was the better for having a focman worthy of his steel. Their fathers had fought battles for them, but much remaiued to be douc. What was their part? Had they no selfishness, no sin, no lives of luxury, no low ideals in private and public life and no conflicts to face ? Against all these they had to do battle and to strive after a truer fife, loftier aims and more earnestness. There was a great obliga tion laid upon Christian men to 6erve God and their country. He hoped they would all seek to draw sunshine from the cross of Jesus Christ and to gain liberty for the church to do its own work in its own way, aud 'that they would five thus to purify the country, to bring it into nurmony with Him in whom "we live and mow aud have our being." Dr. Dale, who was received with loud applanse when he came forward to address the meeting, returned thanks from bis very heart for the warmth of the welcome that had ju9t been given to himself, his wife and his child, and aUo for the cordial words that had been spoken concerning the Congregational churches of England and Wales. Iu each of the colonies that Mr. Spicer aud he had already visited they had found, as they had found here, how deep, how intense was the patriotic feeling that bound the people in these colonies to the coun try from which they had sprung. (Applause.) He had learnt to attribute very much of the cordiality with which they had been received ! to the fact that they had come from tbe old land, and in welcoming them the people of these colonics were expressing the earnestness of tboir devotion to the country whose past was ours as well as theirs, and whose future he hoped would be ours ns well as theirs. (Ap planse.) Since he had been on this side of the world he had been requested again and again to express some judgment on the questions that were of critical interest to us in our public fife. He had felt that it would bo presumptuous on the part of a passing stranger to form any confident judg ment on matters about which tbe wisest and ablest men among us were divided, and that it would be impertinent on his part, even if he had formed such a judgment, to express it with the i>TnA(>t<itinn thrit. it lutvf anv infltipnnn in gtiidiug our public policy. But he bad been in these colonics long enough to discover that we inherited those noble qualities tbat had slowly built up the stately structure of Euglish greatuesB. We had the courage of our race, the patient industry, the practical Bagacily, the love of justice, the love of freedom and the love of order. It mast be more tbau 40 years, it might be 50 years, ago since an Eng lish poet, addressing a company of emigrants about to sail for these shores, predicted the splendid future to which Australia was destined and at a time when we were only just beginning to achieve onr great triumphs, he said— Ah in the cradled Hercules we trace The llue of Empire in thy Infuut fnoo. In every ono ot tbe colonies which he had visited he lound that the vision of Thomas Campbell had already received its fulfilment. (Applause.) What we had beeu able to ac complish within the last 40 years— within the last 30 years — was, he believed, without a parallel in the history of nations. We bad tamed and subdued vast territories ; we had made fino roads and noble harbors ; we had established railway communication between our three principal capitals — railway communica tion extending over more tbau 1500 miles— we had built stately cities ; we had founded uni versities; we had not only provided schools for the populations of our great towns, but had also provided schools for those districts where onr population was most scattered. We had transferred to this new country the best ele ments of that great system of public law which had grown up in Eugland during a thousand yearB. Our judges were as incorruptible as those that administered justice ou the bauks of the Thames. (Applause.) Their deci sions commanded equal confidence, and while we cherished a most passionate loyalty to the Empire to which we belonged we had through our colonial parliaments and our municipal institutions a complete control of our own affairs. AU these things had deeply impressed him while he had been on this side of the world, but he bad been still more impressed by tbe incontestable proofs that had met him from day to day wherever he had travelled of the earnest ness and depth of the religious faith which ex isted in these colonies. (" Hear, hear.") Iu every cne of our great cities he found large and stately churches. In onr smallest townships, as his friend .Mr. Spicer had already said, he found two, three, four and five, sometimes six Chris tian churches, and often he had seen a church where no population was in sight and where the district might still be supposed to be in possession of the wallabies and kangaroos. (Laughter.) In England wc were sometimes told tnat this faith was decaying. People did not build churches for a religious faith from which they had parted. When he went home he would be able to Bay that, among this vigorous offshoot of the English race, he had found everywhere decisive proofs that faith among us retained much of Its old intensity and energy, and that hardly bad a dozen settlers bailt wooden bouses for tb'e shelter of themselves and their families before. ther began thinking of erecting a Chris tian church. (Applause.) But he would like to know (if it were possible for any of us to discover) what was the quality of the religious life of tbe Christian churches in these colonies —what was the quality especially of tbe re ligious fife of their own churches. It was not for him to assume judgment on that grave question. He had met, ho tbooght, a great deal of intense religious earnestness among those with whom he had bad the good for tune to be associated. But he could not tell whether the piety he had found in them repre sented the religious fife of their churches generally. There was one question especially to which he would like to direct their attentlou that night in relation to the religious life and thought' of their people. He did not believe tbatA there could be any deep and vigorous religions fife or any noble achievemennts In Christian ethics unless Christian churches re tained a deep and sure faith in tbe contents of that gospel which had come to ua from our Lord Jesus Christ, and which through all ages had been the support of the righteousness and the inspiration ot the joy of Christian people. To what extent were their churches in theso colonies loyal to the Christian truths of tho evangelical faith ? He supposed that thoso here were environed by tbe same perils that environeujthose at homeland that thcirjanxieties were the same, aud tho question that he had just suggested had been preyed home apon the churches iu England by the recent actiou of one of the mou eminent evan gelical ministers, not only m England, but in the world. Many of them were aware that Mr. Spurgeon had recently withdrawn from the Baptist Union on the ground that in his beliet laigc numbers of Baptist minister! were unfaithful to the great evangelical tra ditions, and also on the ground that their preaching \va3 not likely to sustain and deepen the loyalty of their churches to Christ. The action of Mr. Spurgcozi concerned them as well as the churches with which Mr. Spurgeon was associated ; for at homo, however it might be here, between themselves and their Baptist brethren the relations were most intj. mate and most vital. ("Hear, hear.") Kow, according to the telegram that had been re ceived in these colonies within the last few dftj3, Mr. 8purgeou rested hia action on th« belief that very many Baptist ministers wer destroying the faith of their people inlthe Holy Scriptures, had ceased to believe. in the atone ment effected by the Lord Jesus Christ for the Bin of maukiud, uo longer taught that men were to bo saved or justified by faith, had lost their belief in the personality of -the Holy Spirit and in the ever lasting punishment of the lost. These were grave charges, and he ventured to think that they were charge?, whether they could be sus tained or not, that deserved the devout and serious consideration of a great Christian assembly like that. He believed himself tbat the fears of his distinguished friend, for whom every Christian man all the world over ought to entertain the deepest affection and veneratiou — (applause)— were at least ex- aggerated. ("Hear, hear.") Men who had drifted away from the traditional path of course, became couspicuous ; they stood apart from the crowd. A man who had given up belief in any faith in which thoje with whom he was associated still believed wrote books, sent letters to the newspapers, made it evident to all around that he had parted from the faith which once he held. Those who retained the faith did not write books; they did not feel it necessary to write to newspapers in order to define the position which they retained. His (Dr. Dale's) conviction was tbat Mr. Spurgeon enormously exaggerated tha extent to which his brethren of the Baptist churches in England had given np the traditional evangelical ciced— had exaggerated it partly for this reasou. that those who had given up any article of the creed naturally talked a good deal more about their renunciation of the faith of their fathers than the men taiked to whom the faith was many years past there bad been going on a process' of graanal decay in tho theology of Puritanism, and that there had been going on, though much more slowly, a reconstruction of the intellectual expression of the great truths of the Christian faith among those to vrboax those truths were extremely dear, and he thought that some of the alarms tbat were felt, not merely by eminent men like Mr. Spurgeon, but by many private members of the churches, had arisen from not distinguish ing with sufficient clearness between theology and faith. Theology was the intellectual ex pression of the spiritual faith of the church. There might be great changes in theology, while the faith remained absolutely unchanged. If any theology was to secure a firm hold of the intellect of the Christian church, that theology must be present in the fife of the church before it took form in scientific definition. The Christian church of early cen turies had long regarded Christ a3 divine before the Nicene Creed gave it a definition of hia divinity. In those early centuries Christian men believed that Christ would judge the world ; they believed that having seen Him they had seen the Father; ther believed that through Him, aud especially through His death, they were to have the remission of Bins ; thej trusted Him to defend them against the spiritual perils by which they were environed. All those trusts implied that Chri6t occupied a posi tion absolutely unique. Then the theologians had to define the truth that had already wrought into the, very substance of the life of those who had received the Christian Gospel; they defined the divinity of Christ jafter the church had learnt to regard Christ as« divine. Now it was very obvious that the intellectual expression of the contents of faith must vary from age to age with the intellectual discipline and methods of the theologians and Echolaa by which the faith was expressed ; and, he repeated, the contents of faith might remain though the theological conception of those contents varied. He cared a great deal for theology. Ha belieyd that the intellect had its rights in relation to religious faith as well as in relation to all other provinces of human speculation. Ho believed tbat the neglect of tbeologyon the part of the churches during the Jast 46 or 50 years and the disposition to depreciata it had had most disastrous effects both upon our thought and upon onr life. But he cared supremely not for theology but for tha power which the great appeals to Christian faith were directly exerting upon the con science and the life of those who had received Christ as the Saviour of the race, as tbt revelation of the eternal God, as the Kedeemei of all those that put their trust iu Him. What he wanted to learn, therefore, was not whethei great changes were passing upon the theo logical conceptions of those great truths to which Mr. Spurgeon referred, but whether the substance of those great truths was retaining its old regal authority over the life and faith ot the churches in these colonies. (Applause.) Among the members of the Congrega tional churches the life of the church was of supremo importance. They made their ministers as the Heathens made their gods — after their own image. What they were, ' sooner or later their ministers were sure to become. ("Hear, hear.") And, instead of in quiring into the theology of ministers he pre ferred to inquire into tho life of the churches. Having enlarged on this subject, Dr. Dale concluded as follows I am anxious to im press on the hearts of all Christian people to whom I have the opportunity of speaking, whethor under these southern, skies or as home— I want to remind them that already the personal Spirit of the Eternal actually dwells in them ; that they have not to appeal with passionate outcries to God to send the Spirit— the Spirit has come as truly as Christ has come, and every man tbat has found Christ has received tbe Spirit of Christ— tha Spirit of the Father j and I want you to con aider how great and wonderful are the possibili ties suggested by that great gift— what know ledge you may have concerning God and things divine since the Spirit dwells in you, what power for Christian righteousness since the Spirit dwells in you, what passion of devotion to God 6ince the Spirit dwells in you, what vic tories of faith since the Spirit dwells in you, what hopes of glory, honor and immortality since the Spirit dwells in you. Don't measure your personal atreugth against the ideals of Christian perfection suggested by the charac ter and teaching of Christ. Despair of no sanctity. Why should you, you the children of the Eternal, who have been made partakers of the divine nature— the inspired men and in spired women— you who have received the Holy Ghost, although the Holy Ghost may have been suppressed by your negligence ana your unbelief ? All things are possible to those in whom God dwells, and God dwells in J'ou— in your personal fife and iu your church fife. I entreat you in God's name to remember how much God has done for yon already. His Eternal Son has descended from the heights of His throne to make your nature bis own aud that you may receive tbe forgiveness of sin; you have been drawn into union with Christ so that the life that dwells in Christ is you with him are heirs to the glory of God and tho Spirit of God dwells in yoa. All things are possible to those %who are tbuB inspired. (Loud applause.) The singing of the doxology brought the proceedings to a close. 