Ianthe's Vision; or, Forewarned, Forearmed. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XV. BY ONYX. Horace had passed a very bad night. The communication that Mr. Deuchar had made him had loosed a flood of bitter memories. "Too late!" The never ceasing bitter cry of humanity. " Too late!" The fortune that would have saved them so mr.oh misery, that would have prevented the necessity for that cruel parting whioh had proved to be for ever in this world, had oome when all happiness in its enjoyment seemed impossible. If even he had known of his wife's future fortune, all would have been well. He had walked the whole night through, and when day dawned looked as haggard ana worn as lanthe herself. Tho Only person upon whom thiß change in the disposition of the large fortune had no effeot was the one who might have been expected to be most concerned by it, Mr. Deuohar himself. He had been disappointed, vexed, hut, ss Miss Monteith ssid, he was a " warm man," ss well as a man of moderate desires, and the loss of his uncle's thousands made no difference to his plans forthe present or the future. Even for lanthe's sake he had no cause to grieve. She was abundantly provided for; and so the night that the two younger people with their strife of passions passed in selt-oon fliot, the dispossessed heir slept through calmly snd undisturbedly. The movement thst lanthe made in opening the sliding door roused Horaoe from sis in tent-ess on his correspondence. He rose to greet her. "You sre ill," he ssid, as, after shaking hands, he psssed her hand through his arm and led her to the sofa. lanthe made no reply. Speeoh at that moment wss impossible. Horace hung over her in helpless distress, unwilling to call a-wistsnos ana yet alarmed at leaving ncr unaided. lanthe st length made s great effort and roused herself. " I have something to say to you," she ssid in s hoarse voioe. "Don't distress yourself," said Horaoe caress* ingly; " wait till you are better." There was intense compassion in every accent, but there wss no love. Rebecca, if she had beheld him hanging over lanthe's half-fainting form, and tenderly performing those small offioes which oven unperceptive man discovers to be necessary in cases of great weakness and suffering, would not have felt a thrill of jealousy. Tenderness, compassion, gratitude—but no passion. lanthe, inexperienced as she was in the world's ways, comprehended the case as well as would the shrewdest of her worldly sisters, and it nerved her for her task. Agony it might be to render him to another, but it took nothing away from herself. She knew that Horace Wavell did not love her: never had loved her, in spite of those long and sweet com munings. He was faithful to the image engraven on his heart, the image of his dead wife; no other woman had ever raised a scintilla of passion in him. She disengaged herself from the arm which he had half-placed round her for support. She could not bear-that half- caret- at that bitter moment. " Last night," she begun in the same hoarse voice that she compelled herself with a supreme effort to make distinct and steady, " I had one of those strange tranoes.'' She paused a moment. " I was in England, in London—and I saw"— here Horace gave an involuntary start that momenttarily disconcerted her—" I saw," she -repeated slowly, " your wife." Horace was as deadly pale now as lanthe. A look of horror gathered on his face. Was she about to reveal the secret- of the charnel house ? He shrank away and cowered. He could not bear it. A Bilenco so intense ensued that it might truly be taid to be felt by each of the two actors in that tragedy. He asked no question, and her strength and courage almost failed, aad yet whyP He must know. On her speeoh perhaps depended ths happiness of his life; By silence Bhe oould gain nothing. He would not hate her,for he would notknowwhatshe had done, but she would hate herself; her remorse for the terrible future to which her silence might BUbjeCt Horace and Rebecca would be undying. Thoughts, hopes, fears passed so swiftly through her mind that she had seen in the dim distanoe the life's end of eaoh of these two ? arsons whose fate seemed to lie in her hands, rompt aotion-, and all might be well; delay, and the result she did ndt dare to pioture. Fate was merciful to her in this terrible moment of conflict. Suddenly light, hearing, thought, Snd knowledge of the present passed from her. Her eyes became fixed, the features lost their strained look of suffering; she appeared gazing calmly, intently, at things unseen to any but herself. Horace was terribly frightened. He had heard of these attacks of hers, bnt they had become matters of suoh old date that hie had paid little attention to them. He made a move ment to oall assistance, but at that moment she spoke again in a low gentle voioe, quite as if communing with herself: " The house is very quiet; there is no noise. She is dressed in black, with a widow's cap. She is alone with a tall dark man—a handsome man. He is bending over her. He has taken her hands and kissed them. He is imploring her in passionate words to be merciful." lanthe stopped some moments, and great beads of sweat stood on Horace Waveil's fore head. " She hss yielded. Life is nothing to her. She may as well do what good is in her power to do. She promises to marry him soon, very soon. He tries to take her in nis arms, but she recoils. He kneels to her. He is in s transport of ecstasy, and she is nearly fainting." lanthe paused again. "She looks as. though Bhe were dying, so worn, so thin. You have been very good) very kind; lam glad to do something fdr yoti;" These l_st words lanthe Bpoke in a different tone of voioe. Whether they were the echo of those she heard, or whether they were her own words to him, Horace oould not tell. He did not move or speak; his eyes were fixed on her faoe, as if there he read his fate, and his faoe was terrible to look upon. Some minutes must have passed before either of them oame to a knowledge of the actual present. The dock ticked its monotonous sounds to tell how time was slipping from them; the sun shone into the room to chase away doubt and obscurity of shadows; the birds whistled in the trees their joyous sense of tbe grand gift of life; but this man and woman—these samples of what is supposed to be the be-all and end-all of animate creation— lay speechless, orushed by the passions of their imperfect nature, in whose play alone man seems to find scope snd exorcise for his sense of existence. Mr. Deuohar's deliberate step sounded on the veranda. It seemed to break an erer* nity of silence. He called to s gardener as he approached, and his voioe seemed unnaturally loud. The sound reached lanthe, and restored her to the sense of aotive life. She started, snd partially raised herself on the sofa. " Tour wife is alive. I have seen her," she said, clutching Mr. Wavell's hand. Then she relaxed her hold, and when her father entered the room she was lying in a dead faint. Mr. Deuohar's first aotion wss to oall for his prompt oommon-sense -_ster-in*l*w. She ran quickly into the room, full of anxiety snd wrath. " Just what I expected!" she said angrily. "You had better go away," wss the seoond ezolsmstion addressed sternly to Mr. Wavell. Horace wss standing s very monument of distress. Miss Monteith's anger failed to touoh him, snd it wss not till she had a seoond time de manded his absenoe that, enforned by a warning from lanthe's father, he left the room. In s few momenta Mr. Deuohar followed him. "What hss happened? What haa caused thisP" he said in a voioe that betrayed both sorrow snd annoyance. "I soareely know," said Horaoe, passing his hand wearily over his forehead. "Your daughter oame to me in the library, snd then she nad one of the visions of whioh you have told me. She only fainted at the moment of your entering the room." "What did she tell you?" asked Mr. Deuchar with a deep sigh. He looked on this recurrence of her old illness as fatal to his child's health and happiness, and the blow oame heavily. Horaoe threw himself on s ohair snd oovered his faoe with his hands before answering. " She told me my wife was alive," he said; he oould not force himself to put into words the actual communications of the vision. "Alive!" echoed Mr. Deuohar, "who oan have done this villainy?" Horaoe uncovered his face and looked at him. " There is only one person who oould have done it," said Wavell slowly. " Mr. Monorieffe!" exclaimed Mr. Deuohar in amazement. "But what induoement? what motive P" Horses was silent. He knew the motive now—it was all made clear as day—but he could not speak of it to anyone. Time enough for them to know it if the worst should oome to pass. _ " I must start at once," he said, after s silence, in whioh both men had been conning bitter thoughts. Horace Wavell was swallowing the first agony of knowing that his wife could tolerate another in his place, and Mr. Deuchar, imperceptivo as his sister-in-law accused him of being, waa thinking of the effect thia revela tion would have, and indeed had already had, upon his ohild. Though he was more generous than it was in a woman's nature to be, and ould exonerate Wavell from aU blame, yet none tho less he had become suddenly conscious that Miss Monteith was right, and that Wavell had become dangerously dear to hia stricken ohild. His thoughts, if less bitter, were not Ices sad than those of Horace Wavell. Thero v.-as sorrow, sorrow, everywhere. Horace intended to leave Gnu-mere without again seeing lanthe, and Mr. Deuchar con curred in the prudence of his so doing in the present state of her health; but at the last moi-e-t, when the buggy was St the door, A message oame from lanthe desiring to see him. Horaoe paused irresolute. Engrossed as he had been by the terrible nature of the discovery that lanthe had made to him, he had neverthe less divined a secret that till that moment had been hiddon from him; Although lanthe had schooled her tongue, her eyes had Bpoken for hsr and revealed what torture she had laid upon herself to insure his happiness. For that last trace had beon in a measure voluntary. It was but the sequence of the disclosure whioh she had come to make. She had sacrificed herself for him, and he had oome to know it. " Yes; go," said Mr. Deuohar; "it will be be best." Thus commanded, Horace entered again the library, whence lanthe had not been moved. Miss Monteith was beside her, looking very grave and stern. " Go, Auntie; I have something to say to Mr. Wavell." Very unwillingly, Miss Monteith withdrew. " I oould not say good-bye before her—that is all I have to say," lanthe said, with s feeble little laugh. " But I have more," said Horace, bending olose to her. " I have to thank you and to bless you. Whether this horror oan be averted or not, I shall never forget—never—nevor oesse to bless you. Farewell!"—and he bent closer and kissed her on the lips and on the forehead; and, in the intensity of this briof snatch of happiness that had been granted her, lanthe again lost consciousness, snd was in s state of oomplete insensibility sa Horaoe Wavell drove sway from Grasmere. Ohapteb XVI. In time! Will it be in time P Has ever any question formed by mortal lips been asked with more intensity of passion and fervour of desire than this? "Isit in time P" Too often sad precursor to " Too late!" The five small wdrds burnt themselves like fire into Hortoe Wavell's brain durittg that alow dreary voyage—_nd yet it -was neither slow nor dreary compared to the voySge Coming out. The steamship Great Britain had t'ust made her first voyage to Melbourne* ahd ly dint of intense exertion Horaoe contrived to reach Melbourne in tinte for her return trip. But, even then, in those weary weeks what might not have taken place? Rebecca was weak—sick, siok almost unto death, according to the view conjured up by lanthe's words. They would hasten on the marriage to seoure the wealth; and again and again Horace cursed his folly for leaving her behind. If he had but let her come with him ss she wished, snd risked her death in his own oare snd presence, or stayed with her till after the birth of their child (though he had had to beg their daily bread), it would have been better than what he had done. He thought he had aoted for the best. He knew he had exercised self-denial. He had ohosen the path whioh was most painful under the belief that whst was most repellent must be the best; and behold the result! And yet, in the intervals of his vehement self-reproaoh, he knew he was scarcely blam sble for not having foreseen a scheme of villainy that seemed almost incredible. He had trusted her to her uncle, who, whatever the faults of his private character, had seemed snd been credited ss s man of the strictest oom meroial integrity. Who oould have supposed thst he would devise so devilish a plot for separating husband snd wife, snd securing the coveted fortune? And Lionel, though there had never been sny intimacy between the two men, had hitherto comported himself honour ably. He hsd been unsuccessful in his suit, snd constant in his devotion, bnt he wss not the manner of man to be suspected of sinister dealings. The whole matter was past his com prehension ; and so, thinking snd pondering snd eating his very heart out in his fever of snxiety snd suspense, Horaoe saw onoe again the white cliffs of England. By some favourable freak of fortune the captain had to put off a boat at Land's End, snd Horace gave him a sufficient hint of the nature of his errand to enlist his sympathy and gain his permission to land st that rough outpost of Old England. As he neared the scene of his anxiety his excitement gathered strength. He neither ate nor slept from the time of landing till he reached Hyde Park Square. The servant who opened the door might be excused the hesitation with whioh he permitted the entranoe of the haggard visitor; hewatohed with a terrified sir the intruder's rush, two steps st s time, to the room iv whioh Rebecca habitually sat, and he called in alarm to the butler to be at hand in oase help should be needed. The two men listened for the space of ten minutes outside the door after the visitor's entranoe, but no cries of alarm summoned their assistance. "Didn't he give you his name?" asked Graham the butler angrily, alarmed at what might be the consequences of thiß unauthorised intrusion on Mrs. Wavell's privacy. "No, he didn't give me time to ask it, but just pushed in and galloped up stairs. He flung the door baok on me so that it hit me in the faoe," added James, wiping away some blood from his cut lip. " A queer business!" soliloquised the butler. Much more strange would he have pro nounced the business could he have witnessed what was passing in Mrs. Wavell's room—the haggard stranger clasping his mistress to his breast, while Mrs. Wavell, white as death and half insensible, had one arm round his neck snd her faoe lying on his shoulder. "Rebecca!"—that was all that had been uttered. It was no wonder the serving men's curiosity had not boon gratified. Only that one word; but at that word Rebecca had started to her feet and fallen in his arms. She wanted no time for recognition; she wanted no explanation. Though she had been told he was dead, she never doubted his identity for one moment. Her heart spoke for her. Why, or how, or when, she questioned not. lie was there with her—that wus enough for her. All through the morning they two sat togethe*-, much to the discomfiture of the servants, who surmked all kinds of horrors as the result of the interview of the mysterious stranger with their mistress. At length the butler oould bear the suspense or the strain to his curiosity no longer. He fabricated a matter on whioh his'mistress's deoision was neoessary, and thus fortified knocked at the door of the morning room. " Come in," was the calm response, muoh to his relief, for the man was really attached to Rebecca, and was afraid that some tragedy had ooourred. Graham stood aghast as he opened the doer. Horace would not have much difficulty in establishing his identity apparently "Mr. Wave-!" •• Ha! Graham. Yes, it is t—i_ the flesh, You need hot look as though ydu had seen a ghost." "We heard you was dead, sir!" exo_l__e_ Graham when his open mouth of wonder dosed sufficiently to allow him to speak. "Ido not look like a corpse, do I?" said Horace with the nearest approach to a smile that had appeared on his faoe sinoe the day of lanthe's revelation. " Well, no," said Graham hesitatingly. The white haggard face and unkempt hair and board did not altogether forbid the idea of a sojourn in some mausoleum. When Graham, who had lived many years in the Monorietfe service, had fairly recovered from his surprise, Horaoe gave him a brief account of the oiroumstanoes which had brought him home. He did not go into particulars; he had no desire to heap disgrace on his wife's relatives. Let them answer to their own oonsoienoes. All that oonoerned him was to remove his wife from under Mr. Monorieffe's roof, where his trust had been so cruelly betrayed. " I am going to take Mrs. Wavell away with me this afternoon," Horaoe oontinued; "but we shall remain here till Mr. Monorieffe returns. Now I desire you, Graham, as sn old "friend, to keep my secret. Give what explana tion you like of my presenoe to the servants, but do not tell them who I am; and above all do not mention cither to Mr. Monorieffe or his son the f_flt of my return. I must explain matters myself," he added, and the tightly compressed mouth with its thin drawn-down lips gave Graham s foreboding thst the " ex planation" might not be pleasant. Not during sll the hours that elapsed between Horace's arrival and the return of the master of the house from business did Horaoe Wavell quit his wife's side, nor would he ohange his clothes or alter his appearance in any way from that of ths unkempt travel-stained voyager who had dashed into Rebecca's sitting-room. " I will not wash my hands nor break my fast till I have met him," -said Horace, some what after Eastern fashion. He had a sensation that food taken in thst house would choke him, snd so ho sst on un washed and unrefreshed, but with a light in his eye that told of rekindled hope, and s com pressed mouth thst forebode no good to them who had caused that long despair. At last! When the daylight was beginning to fade and the dark pavements below were looking darker, and the sombre mansions round them more gloomy—when carriages were re turning from the Park, and servants were bestirring themselves to light lamps and gas— the loud imperious knock was heard which betokened the return of the master of tho house. It was s characteristic knock, loud, bombas tic, if a knock can be bombastic, and the door was opened ss swiftly as it behoved s door to be to suoh a knock. Mr. Monorieffe entered his house, cast s glance down the gloomy reoesses of the hall, and shivered slightly. "Why is the gas not lit?" he inquired sngrilr. Of late Mr. Monorieffe had grown to dislike the dark. He avoided entering a room in whioh them wss no light, snd would start and look round nervously if twilight fell while he was ttill from home. He always walked part of the way home on hygienio principles, and always arranged to get home before night fell. The servant mumbled some excuse for the unlighted halL while another footman nastily applied a match to the principal gss lamp, and a bright dear light darted forth and lit up hall and staircase. After a few moments lingering to deposit hat and gloves, and a question or two to Graham, he turned to ascend the staircase. To reaoh his own room he had to pass the door of Rebecca's morning room. The staircase was only partially illumined by the hall lamp, and Mr. Monoriefle went slowly, as though frightened in the dim uncertain light. As he reached the morning room, the door opened suddenly. The sound made Mr. Mon* crieffe start. The door waa flung wide open, and though the room was only lighted by the dying daylight there was light enough to show a stern white faoe with ragged beard and unkempt hair. Mr. Monorieffe did not exolaim at the apparition, but his heart gave a wild bound and then stood still; and white as was that iaoe that confronted him it was not so white as was his own. He stood gazing, saying never s word. " Well!" said Horaoe Wavell, and the word spoken in that quiet voioe seemed to cast a spell about the man who listened. " Well!" said Horace again; and as no reply was forthcoming, " Have you nothing to say, sir ? Do you not welcome me?" Still Mr. Monorieffe spoke not. A terrible spasm oppressed him. The mental agony found its double in the physical. He stul made no answer, and as Horace* mado a gesture to draw him within the room to escape the servants' prying eyes, he -shrank aside. " You recognise me, I see," said Horaoe in s low tone that had compressed into it more terrible reproach than a torrent of fiercest words. ** You recognise me, Horace Wavell, who you said was dead. He is not dead. He is here to thank you for the good care you have taken of his wife—and her fortune." Still never a word from Mr. Monorieffe, but the pompous imposing figure seemed to shrivel up. He literally seemed to diminish in stature as he stood confronting Horace Wavell. What he felt in that supromo moment, what he thought during that crisis of agony, who could say ? Did not that short spasm of mortal pain compress into itself expiation for all his wrong- 'doing? Evil as had been his deeds, were not his 'sufferings equal to bis guilt P Did not that •mtjflal agony atone the wrong? Tout com \f.-endre c'est tout pardonner. Ho alone who knew the seorets of that oraf ty brain; who had watched its writhiogs and its terror of the judgment of his fellow-men; who knew the depth and strength of that paternal love, and the pride that deprecated poverty and low estate as the anathema maranatha of human life ; he alone could say what that proud strong man had suffered, and whether the suffering had equalled tho sin. For ns, " let us not judge that we be not judged." Even Horace, wronged, outraged in the tenderest spot of manhood's honour, whose wife had been saved as by a miracle from taking an -retrievable step—even he, as he looked at the writhing form and watched the oonvulsed and working features, felt that he was avenged. He tamed Bilently away, and took Rebecca by the stum. J "Come,-' he said, " this is no place for us." •As he led her to the doorway to pass from the •room, Mr. Monorieffe moved aside, and then, still ••silent, still bowed and oonvulsed with pain, he jpassed along the passage and entered his own xtea'm. It was nearly dark aow, but the Bilent bowed down man did not heed it. He did not glance behind him, as had been his habit on ontering ?• v £ laoe of late» ana ne **•-• not "ag iot hghts. There was light enough for his purpose. The light of his life was quenched for ever. There is an end of the world for every man— ttiat ts despair. That epoch had come for Oliver Mo-erieffe. Horaoe and Rebecca watched him as he passed, still maintaining that strange silence. Thoy saw him enter his room and olose the door. As they went down stairs Horace's quick ear heard a sharp diok. He halted abruptly, and half-turned round. Did he know what the next sound would be? Was that movement made with the intention of arrostingit? Ho oould aot toll. We oannot always dissect the motive •of our action. But as he turned the sound he •expssted oame ; a sharp report, a momentary -silence, aud then a fall. He paused a moment, taking no note even 'of Rebecca's cry. A strange sensation was on mi v had gone throu 8-1 that scene before. Although he made that momentary pause, he knew that he should hurry forward in advanoe of the affrighted servants. He knew what he should see when he burst open the door. He knew what words of pardon and prayer he would w*a,BP*» into the dying car. He knew quite well the gleam that would pass over the face, aad then the settled calm—the calm that would never change while mortal man looked on the mutilated form. The stern musoles would relax, he knew. The stern unyielding face would fall into the semblance of a smile, and then he with his own hands would compose the features, and leave for ever the man who had so cruelly wronged him. And Rebecca—had she no part in this scene P None. He had said sternly, " Stay there," and—terrified, exhausted, weak, and worn by the events of this strange day—she Btayed. Sho watched the servants in their hurried rush to their master's room. Sho noted thoir panic* -stricken faces, and then their whispers to one another, and their signals to keep the thintrs they knew secret from hor. Rebecca saw it all, noted it all—all, to the minutest detail; every word, sound, look, was Stinted for ever on the pages of her memory. tut the worst had not oome yet. While she still Bat in the hall, while the servants were still whispering, while Horace was even yet bending over the scarcely breathless corpse, another knock oame to the door—a knock im petuous, determined, resembling that other knock that had resounded not half an hour before, and whose oounterpsrt wss never to be heard again. A knock, and then the hesitating servant opened, and Lionel Monorieffe entered the hall, bright, radiant, quick of stop, and keen of eye. After long probation the prize was won at last. Rebecca would be his wife, and that very day ho had fetched from the jeweller's shop the string of pearls which she had onoe refused so curtly. He had had them cleaned, and hanging to them was now a locket of costly diamonds. The case was in his hand, and he meant to mount two stairs at a time the way that led to Rebecca's room. Not again would his offering be refused. What though pearls were unbe coming to her ? She would wear them now for his sake. So, bright and joyous, he took his steps along the hall, and then he camo to an abrupt stop. He halted, never again to step with that light elastic tread—never again to enter that door buoyant with hope and love. " Leave Hope behind all ye who enter here" might have been written on that door in Hyde Pi*rk Squaro before tho son and heir entered it that night. Leavo Hopo behind! Ho did indeed. He loft it for ever. From thenceforth for many a long year hope and love and happi ness wero words which to him had no meaning. He stopped, for Robecoa was sitting in the hall cowering, so that he should not Bee her. The servants were clustered on the staircase. Though no one spoke—though no one said a word—there was in the very air a sense of woe. " What is it?" he exclaimed, terrified, though he knew not why. He bent over Rebecca, but she bent her head yet lower to elude his gazo. ■ "For Heaven's sake, speak, some of you," he cried, growing furious in his terror. Instinct told him something terrible hud happened, but instinct had not told him what. At this moment movements were heard in his father's room. He left Rebecca, and swiftly bounded up the stairs. " Not yet, sir! oh, not yet, Mr. Lionel," ex claimed Graham, daring, in pity for him, to grasp him by the arm to hold him back. Lionel flunghimoff, andawe-struekentered his father's room. He stopped ughat>t at the threshold. What met his sight ? A man he had believed to be dead bending over his father's lifeless body! It was the moment when the last breath had just passed away, and Horace had reverently closed the eyes. The eyes of tho living men met. Horace lowered his—lowered them beforo the man to whom he paid the homage that we all pay to suffering. What were his troubles oompared to those of the unhappy eon ? Lionel gazed at him, but did not speak. He felt no surprise then to see Horaoe there. Surprise, anger, terror, were all swallowed up in the horror that had come upon him as ho gazed upon his father's corpse. [WH_ BS FINISHED NEXT W_E_.] 