? OLD AND NEW; or, TASTE v. FASHION. CHAPTER XXI.—(Continued.) BY MB8. J. SADLIBE. Whethbb this alarming threat, duly reported to him ad addenda, had roused Tom Gallagher's paternal affection from its nap or what, I am not prepared to say, but he retnrned home from his business neit day forenoon stan honr when no one dreamed of seeing him. To the repeated inquiries of his wife and daughters as to what brought him home, he soaroely vouohsafed an answer, but it was plain something unusual had happened, and Tom's unwonted silenoe left bis female relatives all in the dark. At last Tom spoke, and bis words were words of hope and joy to the troubled mind of bis anxious helpmate. •Gofor the girls!' said Tom in a magisterial tone, addressing his wife. • The girls! Dear me, Tom, are you in earnest ?' ' I am. Go and bring them home, -and their husbands ?' 'To be sure-rI don't want to wart husband and wife. Let Frost and Winter come-as they will!' he added in an under t0Be. Eaoh of the girls volunteered to go bat no! their mother could nofc let lev any »uy one OQQ else go on so delightful an errand, so off she went. Many little arts were employed by the girls, but unsuccessfully, to coax | their father to tell them the eeoret of this redden ohange—for they knew there was a secret, so they told him—but Tom was not to be ooaxed on that occasion, and wrapped himself in a mantle of reserve, which wag proof against all manner of assailment. By and by a gentle ring oame to the door -a very gentle ring, and Tom himself hastened to answer the summons. The girls ran to get a peep through the halfopen door of the parlour, but la ! it was only Atty Garreil, and they heard their father say in a low voioe, as he ushered him in: ' You're just in time, Atty. I expeofc them every minute, and I wouldn't for all the time you'll lose have you miss it.' • Miss what ?' said the young ladies one to another, but alas! there was none to answer the question. A little while and another ring came—a loud, imperative ring, which oonld only be given by the hand of Mrs. Gallagher, and MM. Gallagher surely it was, and Ellie and Mag and Jerome Winter and Reuben Frost, all of whom were duly ushered, or ushered themselves, into the parlour. Mag and Ellie were seized with an extraordinary fit of filial affeotion at the sight of their dear pa, whom they had not seen for a whole age, and their caresses were quite overpowering. But, somehow, pa did not seem at all moved by this unusual display, Bnd his oool, dry, matter-of-faot salutation was not very enoouraging to the young ladies whose hearts were so brimful of love and joy, and hope and expectation, and all manner of pleasant emotions. As for Messrs. Winter and Frost, Tom oontented himself with a somewhat gruff nod to eaoh, with a further addition of a ourt 'How d'ye do, air?' whereto the mnoh- amssed Southerners responded with a rather hesitating assurance that they were respectively'Quite well.' ' God keep you so, gentlemen,' was Tom's wry amicable reply; ' I'm thinking you'll need both health and strength to keep up these girls in any sort of deoent Way.' 'Oh! as for'that, Mr. Gallagher!' said Winter in • very oon'fidant tone; 'I goess there a'nt much to apprehend.' 'Humph!' grunted Tom, half aloud, <1 flidn t know people >^««««Jdown South !' Hearing this Fanny coughed affeotedly, jnd Atty Garreil drew his ohair a little out fropi lus usual station behind one of the doors. Mr. Frost looked at Mr. Winter With a slight expression of diaaatisfaotion on hiB face—which, by the way, was decidedly eorsair in its general character—but whether bb regarded the nature trf their reception or his. choice of words that gentlem w no mean8 ascertaining. Mrs. Gallagher was not quite satisfied With the aspect of affair*, and still less the two brides, but they all had to put the best tMe they oould on the matter,, and feign a oontentment whioh they, did not feel." And Tom sat looking at them all through, nis half-ghut eyes occasionally glancing at his friend ATtty, BiffinS the door opposite him, with an expression hard to define, but nnmistakeably troubled. At length Mrs. Gallagher, tired of this strange uncertainty, kni 1 anxious to get to t h ® bottom of the'&ffnr-at; once, said to Mag Ellie: « Well, .girls* I gue&s.you; may at JWll ™ af*t*i£i tpd, take off your things, »9W that you're VON'rn come nnmo back hunt for good.' » flh. looked i? • m at 1 Tdni > and , Tom looked w at her, • Txf 0ln delivered ® himself as follows:— Well! I don't know they've come for Ellen. In regard to the room • The room! How is that P I'm sure there's room enough !' 'There is now, Ellen! but it won't be long so. We most ont our coat, you know, According to the oloth, and the oloth will be •anted .enough, loan tell you.' . , ±J?iF me ' yon. talk J', said Mag. Y enough to Irighten one, I dellafleotedly sighed Ellie, Whilst Fanny Jiftitt very wide iand fixed them on * QMla&ber; 1' said the mother of the I^nJi * yon-">ean?-out wife-It at once whatever it is-I'll engage jfr of your foolish tricks you're puUin(f r f^f^lW^n'tliketopUy „„ play often, then,' said torn, very much in earnest. •Poor „„ 1 j W ° m t n llke man y «'one else in the world you don't know what you're talking about. Do you know the- news I got this morning ? 0 Of course, no one did know, but all were a l ® r r? i ngly anxious to know. _'The Speculators' Bank has failed!' said 10m m a voice which he tried hard to keep sitady, but failed to do so, and the tears that tilled his eyes showed the depth and sincerity or tie emotion. ' Good Lord, Torn! you're not in earnest P' cried h«s wife, pale as a ghost, while the daughters gave vent to their oonsternation in sundry exclamations of terror and alarm. I guess I am in earnest,' said Tom, dolorously. 'I can tell you, Ellen, I never waB in less humour of jesting.' 'But, Tom, dear, are you sure it's true ?' Sure enough, God help me,' and Tom drew from his pocket the official notification, and handed it to Atty Garreil to read, for the eight of it renewed his agitation so that he oould hardly command his voice. The letter being read, a chorus of lamentations broke forth from the mother and daughters, the former bemoaning the loss of their hard, honest earning, the fruit of so many years of 8^ad y. l ? dn8tr y> the latter the probable loss lit P 08lt ! 0Q and 8t y lish living. Ellie and fz"? addreS8 . ed themselves particularly to tile,r respective consorts, but those gentlemen a PP eared totake tfae mattet coolly; \- m ° oolly » w ' ludee<3 . . > ' that "" went far to shake If™?' 0 '™ 8 ; ® s f ® ™ al j ty , of t he l pretentions. Quite r "" philosophical ' they both were, and made as little to do about the total less of tboir father-in-law's money as though the event in no way affected thtir prospeots. Still they oourteonsly offered their condolence on that very disagreeable 000asion, and Mr. Frost went on to say, with that ' laughing devil in his sneer,' that he should certainly lose no time in preparing Lemonvale, S. C., for the family reception until suiih time as the affair had blown over in New York. 'Oh, you dear FroBt,' said his wife, affectionately patting him on the obeek, or rather on the whiskers; 'bow very kind you are—my, I'm so much obliged to you.' Tom, too, expressed his obligations, adding, 'however, somewhat drily, that South Carolina was a long way off, and he'd sooner keep the family at home, whatever way they managed. ' Of course I have my business still,' said Tom, 'and this house. Thank God, Mr. O' Blarney hadn't the in in hi* olutobeB, anyhow. Oh, the villain I—the villein!' said poor Tom, rising and pacing the floor with hasty strides, ' him of all men —him of all men to rob. people that trusted their share in his hands. Didn't he pass for all as one as a saint, an out- and-out voteen; and to bear him talk, yon'd think he had every other one's interest at heart more than his own. The black hypoorite. The curse of no; no; I'll not curse him, bad as he is. The oarse will fall on him heavy enough without me adding a stone to the heap. Come away, Atty; we'll have to work harder now,' beokoning to his faithful friend and confidant, whose face was very considerably longer and lanker than usual, and the tears of sympathy standing in his dull eyes. For Atty was almost as grieved as Tom by this sudden reverse of fortune, and biB guileless heart wab troubled within him at the strange eight of his patron's sorrow—so very unexpected, too, after the apparent stoicism which he bad previously manifested. Poor Atty knew little of the mysterious workings of that great mystery, the human heart. . ' Bur. my Lord J what are we going to do?' cried litre. Gallagher, falling into a ohair in a state of consternation. ' In the first plaoe,' said Tom, ' we must let or sell this house.' (A groan from Mrs. Gallagher and each of the young ladies.) 'In the next place, we aiti'st get rid of the DOach, oo'achman, and horses!' (Another groan' from the ' womankind'). ' Also, the box at the Opera/ •(' Mercy on us, pa!') ' And, lastly, we mnst take a small house- in Torkville, or somewhere out of town where we oan live cheaper than we do here.' This was the climax of misfortune, and the ladies' voices suddenly failed them; pale and wan, and entirely hopeless in their misery, tbey looked into each other's eyes and seemed at a loss whether to cry or not to ory. Meanwhile the two polar gentlemen were also exchanging looks, bat of a very different signification. Presently thev took np their .hats and canes, and Mr. Winter spoke on behalf of self and friend.. , 'Before you go,-Mr. Gallagher, it may be Ifell £q. have an understanding with regard to thq pjepent anjl future prospects of your two daughters whom weliave hiad the honour ot espousing.' 'ATI eyeiT tare instSfftly • teakd 'on the speaker. -Mag and-Ellie'changed-colour and oast a furtive glance at each oth«r. • I am 'nowj' resnnled-Mr. - Winter, r and have- alwayff. been/>a lever of truth—truth, therefore,, eompels me-^o say that my. affairs are at -present in such a condition that I oould.not support my wife in .a style corresponding. with my wishes—or her own deserts. With a little pecuniary assistance I might have extricated myself from my finanoial embarrassments, and redeemed Ououmberville, my paternal mansion. As matters stand now there is no hope of that— I may manage to make out for myself until such times as inok turns, but I conld hot, as a man of honour, commit my wife's existence to the precarious ohanoes of—the gaming table! Good-bye, Ullie, my dear! If I Leaye yon, it is in safer.keeping than mine 1 We *natf meet ag»in under moip favourable uupima,' Ho Was feone before any one present uould realise the full meaning of bis wnrds. Ellie fainted in her ohair, and when MB IF turned to address her liege lord,, behold ! Frost bad Vanished, too, doubtless in the wake of Winter, for, being A much smaller man, he oould more -easily pass'out unnoticed. Then did Mag throw herself into a ohair and raise a piteous cry, dapping her hands by way of aooompatiiment, but alas ! no one seemed to heed her, all'baing Intent on restoring Ellie to consciousness. When I say all, I mean all who had attention to bestow on either, and that was Mrs. Gallagher and her two youngest daughters, for Tom stood looking on with a face of Atony indifference, and Fanny was sobbing hysterically in a corner, not from sympathy for her unfortunate sisters, but the impending privation of ' style,' with all i'ts concomitants, horses, carnage, liveried servant, fine house, fine furniture, and, though last, certainly not least, the high prerogative of leading off in her own sphere of fashiondom. Poor, poor Fanny ! how are the mighty fallen ! And so, perhaps, thought Atty Garreil, for the tears oame into his eyes at sight of Fanny's distress, and he actually summoned courage to creep over to where she sat^and articulate some words of consolation, after, his own timid fashion. Mi'ss Fanny, amazed at'what she oonBidered his unwarrantable presumption, turned on hiin ft look of haughty oontempt that all but annihilated Atty, and tbere is no knowing how he would have effected his escape had not his patron's voice, reminding him of the lapse of time, at onoe recalled him to himself, and given him an opportunity of transferring himself to some plaee bejotd the range of Miss Fanny's withering glance. As Tom left the room with Atty he looked with something like pity at the two deserted wives. ' God help yon, poor foolish girls,' said ho, ' that's what you got by your trip to Saratoga ! God forgive you, Ellen !'• to his wife, ' you're more to blame than they are for this—and sure it't the worst of all! The other misfortune can be repaired—and if it doesn't, too, what abontit?—but this—we'll never get over this !' He could say no more, for his grief was choking him, and he felt as if his heart would'burst, under the accumu- lated load of sOrrow. ' But, my goodness, Tom!' oalled his wife after him, 1 sure they oan't leave their wives that way—won't the law compel them to support them?' 'Support yonr granny!' was Tom's rather contemptuous but very comprehensive answer, as he let himself out of the hall-door followed by Atty. When they were gone, the daughters gathered around their mother, all bemoaning their hard fate, but Mag and Ellie in the deepest tribulation. ' Why, then, ma ! what will we do at all P' cried Ellie, wringing her hands in a fresh outburst of sorrow. ' What will beoome of Mag and me, above all ?' 1 Set up a yonng lady's boarding-eohool, oan't you ?' rather tauntingly asked Fanny. At another time the taunt would have raised a storm about Fanny's ears, but alas ! for poor Ellie and Mag, they were too sad and spiritless to take any notice of their sinter's uukiudness, and the ohange touched Fanny, albeit that her heart was none of the softest. It was observed that from that moment she never onoe twitted either of them with their misfortune. ' I'll tell you what it is, girls !' said Mrs. Gallagher, compressing her lips very tightly, ' there's a heavy load on us this day, and whether we will or no, we must bear it. There's nothing for it, then, but put our shoulders together, and bear it the best way we oan. Do you understand me now ?' Yes, tbey all understood yery well, but it was quits clear that the proposition was not very satisfactory. Fanny, in particular, was quite indignant. ' Why, ma, what can we do more than we have been doing? I'm Bure we've worked hard enough all the time, and .if you.,don't oall that putting our shoulder to the wheel, i don't know what it!' ' Well, but that's not enough,' said the mother very decidedly,' we must oome down —I say come down? looking at each of her wondering auditors in turn—' we must let the people' see that we can oome down, and a'nt ashamed to do it, and that's the way to keep up our independence, and keep otherB from making little of us. They'll not have 'the laugh against us when they see we can take things as they come, and out our ooat according to our oloth, as your father,says.' ' Why, ma! what would you have us do?' again asked Fanny, in right of her seniority. ' Just thin, 'Fanny ; what lias to be Aone let it be dpne at "onoe! You" know 1n- your hearts we have done wrong,'and now we must try and do right; "It's true fettough for your father, these matches we '-made at Saratoga, are worse' than- all thfrWit/ We must hdp your poor, father alL waican by giving up All. unnecessary expense.* F^cst ft all.we'll move into^a smftlleruh,oti89j. jjind mavbe we oould sell or Jet this ong, .fnpnitu.rfe and all. The next thing. w«. must ao is to dress plainer -' " "'L This last proposition Was even more die-' tasteful than the other; even Mag and Ellie' were roused by it from their lethargy'of o wbe. La, ma, how you do talk. Dress plainer, 1 indeed 1' • r^.-j-i ' My, you might just as well say, ieUus j lie > right MnKf down under nnda* .the tVia people's nannla'a jeet and nnJ invite them to walkover ng.J,V...a ' Dress plainer, indeed ; welt jjqy, if^tfrit a'nt good !' disJainfuUy said Fannx. ^ ' ! 1 Good or bad,* Fttnnyj ft miMt.ba done,' said her mothilr emphatioallytlSere ' iln't any help ftfr ii. 'It^ very Ukfe-Jid^Mh'er will need all the money he oap raiWt'd'otttty on tfie husi&ess;,- «tfd> -wii&i; r 'tinoe< J Wre depeodingon he msbes^ without think to keep up style in any way! So now, girls, I've told , you what's to te done, and let there .. he no more talk about it. MaybB, it's all for the beat, after all—at any rate, we must try and make it so. Oome, come, Mag, and yoa»-Ellie, cheer np—there's no cure for spilt milk, yon know, and crying Bnd fretting won".t ,bring anything, back that's gone.. Maybe you're well: ; rid of Frost ^nd Winter, and you don't k^ow what look may turn up to yon.' Mag and Ellie shook their heads—they did not pee what luok could turn np for them, and in any oase there was the disgrace and humiliation of being so entrapped first, and then deserted. This was the - cruellest thought of all, and all their mother'soharaoteristic energy oould not infuse hope or oontentment into their minds—at least for the present. Onejthing-, howeper.fwas certain, vie.—t^at the daughters, married and single, however they might grumble and fret at the new line of polioy marked out by' their mother, oould not help seeing that' she was in the right, and they really respected her more at that moment than they had ever done before, in her days of unlimited power and equally unlimited ostentation. No time was lost in .making the necessary retrenchments, and only one month after the failure of the Speculators' Bank the Gallaghers found themselves looated in a two- Storey cottage not far from the line of the Third Avenue Railroad,' furnished in corresponding style, and, in the opinion of some, in far bette* taste than ever the great manwon had been. I say not that the greater simplicity of the furniture was owing to any improvement of taste on the patt of the ladies, but simply to the faot that Tom, having now turned over a new leaf, as he said had bought the. furniture himself, and bought it, of oourse, to hiB.pwn liking. In the matter of dress, I regret to say, the new system of economy was not so visible. Indeed, it was remarked by the eoores of Khd and curious individuals whose e^es wore ever on the Gallaghers that the ladies went out in extra style sinoe their ohange of regi> desce, and were generally seen 'moving under finery.' The strangest thing of all was that Atty Garreil himself, began to dreu up quite a la mode, and to hold his head some inches higher since the Gallaghers fell from their high estate. There was no aooounting for that, anyhow—to the people said—bat then, you know, what the people cay is not always true. /To be continued J 