Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 25. WADDEE MUNDOOEE. "Hum!" said old Jack, "I'm getting rayther oldish, to be sure. Why its more nor fifty year ago since I ran down Waddee Mundooee ; more nor fifty year"— And the old man sighed as he dipped his pannican into the "post and rails' bucket. We were sitting in old Jacks' hut on——— station on the Goulburn. He was a sort of pensioned hand of the boss, having been shepherd with the "old man" when he took up the country first of all, and never dreamed of the down days of free selection and "cocky" farmers. All Jack was supposed to do was to shoot crows, and trap an occasional rabbit. For this he received good lodging, station fare, and as much tobacco as he wanted— with an occasional run into Moo- roopna to "bust up" a couple of pounds among the publicans. Jack was in a communicative mood this evening. Perhaps this fact was, in some sort to be connected with the circumstance that I had propiliated him with a bottle or rum. I wanted to camp that night in Jack's hut and had come provided with the most artful persuader I knew of. For if Jack loved anything under the sky, it was a tot or two of good station rum—stuff, as he would say, that made your hair grow, and which most certainly skinned the throat of any novice swallowing a glass for the first time. "Waddee Mundooee," said I, "take another tot Jack. Who was Waddee Mundooee? queer name that." Jack smiled with an air of super ??- mation. "Ah! you never was in his country was a nigger was Waddee—and a tiger, regular varment of a black, though he have a wooden leg." "A wooden leg Jack?" "Ah—a wooden leg. He had one ?? But what o' that! He ??? take a hop, skip, and a jump with a long pole as he had, shod with a iron spike. I've known him run down a forrester—yes a big buck kangaroo. Talk of yer bioycles, bah! Waddee could ha' given em any amount of start." "Well, well, you surprise me. And you knew him, fifty years ago." "More nor fifty year ago," said the old man impressively ; "when this here country warn't settled, and where there's towns, and cities, and railways in New South Wales, was what you call the back blocks. I'm talkin' of the time when the Gwydir country was took up by Keith Collins and that lot. More than fifty year ago. Ah, well— time waits for none of us mate"— and old Jack took another dip in his pannican. "But this here Waddee Mundooee as I was talkin' about was a real wusser. There was no tamin' of him. Other blacks 'd come in and loaf around the stations, but not Waddee. Ye see he'd sworn vengeance on the white feller. In the early times, an old convict hut- keeper—mind yer, i was never a lag : I was a soger, mate— he'd pisoned thirty or forty poor devils, as had camped near Brennan's station on the Burdekin. Yes, they was a noosance no doubt, coming round the hut begging for a "plower" as they called it, and bacca. But to pison 'em off like dingoes was rather too strong. However, Bob Taylor one morning, bein' in a devil's own temper mixes up a lot of arsenic and flour, and bakes a heap 'o johnny cakes, which he gives to the gins as came loafin' around. Before the sun set, as I've heard, there was over thirty men, gins, Iubras, and piccaninnies lying dead on the banks of the creek. They say Bob watched 'em as they rolled about afore they died screaming and crying : and that he laughed and called it good fun. But mebbo that wasn't true. There was a bother about it, and Bob near got his kick off at Sydney, but a lawyer pulled him through.. Then he went back, to the station, for the boss was a tiger and quite backed up old Bob in what he'd done. Ah!—"and here Jack paused and looked meditatively into the fire, " I've seen some bloody work, mate, among the blacks— seen 'em shot for sport, jest as you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the Iubras rounded up as you'd round up bullocks, and used as you may guess by young fellers as called 'emselves gentleman and Christians, and would ha' soon o' thought of killing a white man as of killing themselves. But blacks was no ac- count in their eyes, and I once see a mission- ary chap run off a station for saying that in God's eyes a black was as good as a white. They called it blasphemy, they did, and gave the preacher the run." However to get on with my yarn, when Bob the lag, pisoned the blacks as I've told ye, he didn't know I fancy, that they b'longed to Waddee Mundooee's tribe. It he had, I think he'd ha' though twice, becos Waddee was a terror. He never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hut- keepers had reason to know it. You may be sure then that he swore vengeance agin Bob. But Bob was pretty safe, for he was cook and hut-keeper at the home station where there was always a lot of hands, and where all niggers for miles around was kept off with the musket. But some of us was sure that sooner or later Waddee would nab Bob, and then— well Bob would get his gruel. "Well so it came. One day Bob got hold of a bottle of rum and goes down to the creek and sets to work to finish it off all by him- self. He didn't turn up at supper time, and the chaps went out to look for him, and found him. He was a sight. There was a stick wedged in his mouth, his eyes was gouged out; his two hands was chopped off and his legs was broke with blows of a toma- hawk. He was alive and that's all, and all he was able to whisper was, "Waddee Mun- dooee.' Then he croked. "Well nobody was over and above fond of old Bob. He was a surly savage sort o' chap, and that pisoning sort of business wasn't gen'rally relished by the chaps. But if they didn't like Bob they wasn't a bit took with Waddee Mundooee. Soon as they'd put the old man in his grave, half a dozen of the hands on horseback and well armed, went out to find Mr. Waddee, and settle his business. They took up his tracks easy — they were tracks you couldn't make no mistake about— Waddee having only one foot, and a long pole serving for the other. Yes, there was no mistaking Waddee's tracks, even without a black boy to mark 'em, which they had—a Moreton Bay boy, as was stock-riding on the station. They ran down the tracks to a chain of waterholes, and through some dry swamp land on t'other side. They followed 'em up to the foot of a mountain ridge which ran up sheer with rocks three hundred feet high. Here the blackboy brought up. He jumped down from his horse, and looked on the ground; then he ran up to the face of the rock, and with eyes starting from his head, stared at it, smelt it, and shuddered. "Baal that feller Waddee Mundooee, man. No fear debbil, debbil. See him go along up all same snake, and the boy pointed to a narrow ridge such as a possum could hardly climb up. The chaps followed this track with their eyes. "Hi ! —?aere him — all along stand on top— look out.". And the boy ran right under the rock. "At the same moment a spear, launched from above, was driven through the arm of one of the men. "There was a scuttle to get out of range. I believe that most there had some hankerin' belief that Waddee was a sort o' devil. He'd done such rum things, and could travel so fast, that he'd be heard of almost in one place as soon as another, that the yarns of the black boys about him being a "debbil debbil" was somehow believed by a lot of station hands. Anyway, these chaps ran out of range, and then turned to look at the old chap as he stood on top of the rock, on one leg, and leaning on his staff, while in his left hand he held two or three spears. "Try him with a shot," says the wounded man."'Dash him! he's settled my arm—' They had run the spear through and ban- daged up the wound, but the chap felt the pain so great, that he made sure he was bound to lose his arm. "Well— so they told me— they shot at Waddee until all their powder and bullets was gone. No one could hit the old chap, who gammoned to catch the balls, and danced, and yelled a hurricane. I expect they was out o' range, although none of 'em would ever allow that. They all had it, that eld chap was what they call invulnerble, and that no bullet 'cept a silver one, 'd ever cook Waddeo Mundooee. 'Howsover, Waddee was no more invul- nerble than I am. Some years after this I was searching some scrub land on the Bur- nett for some sheep as I'd missed when the dogs began to bark in a way as I knew didn't mean ?? found the sheep. I fol- lers up ???? sudden like, comes on ????? agin a big box tree ???? ged 'possum rug damper and a bit o'salt mutton i had along with me. And while he ate— he was starv- ing— he looks at me as if he couldn't take it in as a reality, anyhow. 'Well I found that the poor beggar was eat up with rheumatics. He was old too, and as I examined his poor old carcas, I found as many wound marks on it as there was dirt. He smiled when I looked at a great scar on his breast. "Big feller white man—plenty" and he made a sign of striking. "Me kill him all same," and he laughed. I thought to myself that arter all this old chap was only actin' according to his lights, as the parsons say. Anyhow I could see no more harm in his spearin' white men than white-men shooting black. You see I'd been a soger and in the army one learns to look at things different like. "Well I did what I could for the poor old heathen. My hut wasn't over two miles away and I generally managed to get over to see Waddee two or three times a week. I got some turpentine from the home station, and rubbed his rheumatic legs, and he got about a little. But I saw his time was about come, and he knew it too. I tell ya it used to make me feel soft like, as he sat crooning over the little fire, and thinking I dare say, of the gay old times when he was strong and hearty. "White feller," said he to me one-day, turn- ing his dark eyes upon me, (jest like coals of fire they was). "Two days" — he held up two fingers — "Waddee Mundooee go up along a there," pointing to the sky. "You good feller. Some day, me jump up along white man, come along a you." "All right, Waddee," says I, "I shall be glad to see you." He went on. — "Along a creek you go for Waddee Mun- dooee,'' said he, soft like. "Good feller you. Come along thirty mile, black feller's camp sit down. You tell 'em Waddee all along die. Show 'em this. They come take away this," and he glanced at his shrivelled old body. "You go— please?" and I couldn't say no. I lelt him right away, and gets on my horse, and yards the sheep, and leaves the dogs, and away I went. I knew whereabouts the camp was, but I shouldn't ha' ventured into it if Waddee hadn't given me his old staff. And sure enough when I rode in and showed this, they all seemed to understand, and the old women and Iubras began to croon their death songs. When I'd 'elivered my message I went back to my hut. Next afternoon a runner came from Waddee to say he wanted to see me. I goes down, and there was the old chap propped up, dressed out in some black's fixings, his spears and weapons around him, and his feller countrymen seated in a circle. When he saw me, he smiled. I bent down. He took my hand, pressed it weak like agin his scarred breast, and says he, — "Carbon good feller— this. Good feller, white feller— some time jump up along —" And then, blest if he didn't die off suddent with his eyes fixed, like a dog's, on me." Old Jack paused here to refresh himself. Then he began to smoke violently. "That's all then, Jack," said I. "Yes, that's all. It ain't much of a yarn, but it goes to show, don't it, that the devil's not so black as he's painted ? It's time to turn in." Three Very Old Stories-— At a reception to Rev. Dr. Seward, in New Britain, Conn., recently, reminscences were in order. It was said that Dr. Seward insisted, when appointed pastor in 1836, that he should not be called upon for more than two public services each Sunday ; that one member of the church shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would receive grace to preach in the morning, and afternoon, and, "if his strength held out he might continue in the evening." Dr. Seward told of receiving a bushel of turnips once for marrying a couple, and some years later the bridegroom appeared and passed out £2 10s. saying— "My wife has turned out so well that I feel justified in this expenditure." A man once came into a church late, and started, with squeaky boots, to walk the whole length of a ride gallery, when an ex- change pastor stopped suddenly in his prayer, opened his eyes, and, pointing a long finger at the disturber, said, "You sit down right where you are!" He then went on and finished his prayer. Useful Dogs-— The British Government has decided to remit the tax on dogs employed on the south coast of devon. These animals perform the novel work of catching hold of a rope thrown from fishemen's boats. They bring it ashore, and the people who are waiting there are able to haul in the boat through the surf. The rocky coast prevents fishermen from pulling the boat ashore with out the dogs, who have to be trained to the work, which is extremely risky. The world, if ever it is to be reformed by men and through men, can only be so by the personal intercourse of living men, living epistles, not dead ones. Love, meekness, kindness, forbearance, and unselfishness, manifested in human souls uttering them- selves by word, look, and deed can alone re- generate men. The True Story of Jim. We had laid up that night on the Platte River. Mr. Colby, the Sheriff, of Arapahe County, had come down to Chuff's ranch in search of jurors, and, seeing a party of Eastern tourists camped near by, had walked over to make our acquaintance. He was so fresh and breezy and withal, so genial and gentlemanly, he had such an air of being matter of the situation and himself that we were all of us glad when he accepted our commissary's invitation to remain and sup- with us. After tea we gaily assembled around the roaring camp fire, and for awhile wit and laughter winged the happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, the gusty talk blew over, silence fell upon us with the night. Our shepherd, for once unmindful of the tender lambs he had led forth into the wilderness, was seated astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. The commissary had folded the map of Colorado, and, dumb as a door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log, on which he had been for some time a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, the soul and genius of our party, had, for a sea- son, turned the key upon wit and song. Gracefully throned on her hand-truck, she watched, in silence, the bright and happy sparks that danced a carmagnole as they rose, light-footed, from the orange flames. All was quiet upon the Platte; the tongues of the waggons were not more silent than ours. The Sheriff of Araphoe was the first to break the spell. "I started in to tell you," he said, "the true story of Jim while we were at super, but I struck a snag in the shape of a flapjack and didn't get on with it." "It's not too late for it yet," said the com- missary. "Well," continued Mr. Colby, "twenty years ago I was stopping at hard-up, Cal., trying to dig my fortune out of a mine there. In the town was a one-horse lawyer named Smith Johnson, who was about the biggest sot in all the diggin's round. And Smith had a son names Jim—a red-haired, freckled- faced little 10-year old scamp who was the terror of all the hen roost and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim's heart was this. I had a water-melon patch that was, if you'll forgive the figure, the apple of my eye. One evening I walked forth into my garden to view it, and what should I see in the middle of it but that ??? Jim, letting into one of my water- melons as actively as a mole. Up I ?? "Let me go," said he. "I won't come here no more. Please let me go, Mr. Colby. "Oh, you young scamp," said I. "I've got you now and I think I'll keep you. I find it's very safe to punish these bad boys that are so ready to be good when they're caught. do you know that I'm going to do with you?" said I, giving him a final shake and setting him up on his pins. 'I'm going to send you to jail.' "'Oh, please, Mr. Colby, give me a whippin' an' let me go.' "'No, I haven't any right to whip you, but I'm obliged by the law to send you to jail, and I can tell you a jail is an awful place. There's rats there!' "'Oh-o,' groaned Jim. "'And sometimes in the night they gnaw off your toes.' " 'Please, Mr. Colby,' whined Jim. " 'And your nose,' said I, 'and you have to go to bed without any candle; and you can't play poker, and they do say that the ghosts of the people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons come back at midnight and make a dreadful noise. Oh, I can tell you, it's no fun to go to jail.' "Well after I had chaffed the little scamp long enough, I gave him a sermon on the moral law and let him go with nothing worse than fright, but, after that, strange to say, Jim and I were cheek by jowl. "Same time after the watermelon fracas,' continued Mr. Colby, "I was going up the gulch to Scooptown when I saw, on the side of the hill, the tracks of the Vigilence Com- mittee. They were three road agents that had been tried and hung the day before and left suspended from the branch of a tree to strike terror into the heart of evil doers. Well, there was a mob of boys round this monument of justice, and they were divert- ing themselves with running down the hill and swinging the luckless road agents to the breeze. Jim was just receiving the cheers of the crowd for sending his man up to the branches, where he had lodged a minute be- fore he came down, when he spied me in the road and came to meet me. " ' Yer see, Mr. Colby,' he began, in a rather deprecatory voice, ' I didn't see no use in them three thieves loafin' on that branch without being any use to themselves nor no- body else, so I just set them up in business. And now I've come down to ask whether you've saw an old whisky barrel on legs about here.' " " 'A whisky barrel?' " said I. 'Why. no, Jim. What do you mean?" " 'Oh, I mean the old 'un, of course. He's gettin' most uncommon bad lately.' "Jim,' said I, 'did you never hear about honoring your father?' " 'Honor that old sardine! He! he! Really an' actually now that's a good 'un. You'd have sommersetted out o'yer skin to have seen that old coon last night. I come home, goin' on to 11, when he heered some- thin' rattlin' round, an' he riz up, and when he seed me, one let out and one leg in, he says, says he, 'Jim, whar've you been?' an' I says, says I, 'I've been down to the Silver Tooth.' " 'Then,' says he, 'an' what was you doin' thar?' " ' I was playin' a little game of poker,' said I. " 'Did you make anythin', Jim?' says he. " 'Yes, sir,' says I. 'I won three pounds.' Then there came a big thaw in his voice, an'; he says, says he, (meltin' like), 'James Madison, my son, take that thar jug that's at the head of this bed and step right round to old Shorty's and git me a gallon of fust-class benzine,' says he. " 'But I lost it all agin, father,' says I. "Well, sir, he rared up in bed, an' says he. "You little scamp, ef I catch you round to the Silver Tooth agin I'll take the hide an' hair off yer. Hain't you got nothin' better to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a-gamblin' an' disgracin' of yer family?' says he, bustin' out crying' like as though he'd jest buried his demijohn. At this point in his narrative Mr. Colby, paused. "The sequel?" cried philomel. "Let's hear how Jim wound up. "I left Hard-up," resumed Mr. Colby, "about two years after I first met Jim. Three years later I happened to be in Virginia City, and one day while there, as I was coming out of the barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim himself. 'Why, Jim,' said I, 'where'd you come from? and where'd you get all those good clothes?' " 'Them clothes,' said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' them clothes, I charged 'em to the old man. That's a good un, ain't it? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't come out as a reformed individual, and it was positively necessary to get some re- formed toggery.' "How did you get reformed, Jim? said I "Well, you see, Mr. Colby, father and I come over here about two years ago, and as soon as I come I took hold of a lot of boys here who didn't have nobody to teach 'em to be as bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see so much talent going to waste, so I organised 'em into a gang of theives. Well, sir, I can tell you we did a pretty lively business, ut one Sunday Bishop Tuttle was runnin' the 'Piscopal outfit in that meetin' house over there, and I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell yer, to save my skin, what he said to the crown. (Beloved brethren he called 'em), but, by jing, when I some out I just set down on a dry goods box and I begun to turn things over in my mind, an' I says to myself: "The way you are goin' on, Jim, you'll be in the penitentiary before you're a man; you'll just have to turn in an' reform.' So I went an' got these here clothes an' now I'm printing for my livin' in the En- terprise office. Do you think, Mr. Colby, if a boy like me turned square 'round he could do any good?" " 'Jim,' I said, 'a boy like you can do what he pleases.' Well, I talked to him a long while, and when we parted the mist that had been gathering in his eyes fell down in rain. I have never seen Jim since, but last winter I read in a Nevada paper that the Hon. James Madison Johnson had been elected Speaker of the House of Representatives. A Mere Accident.—In searching for gold in the mining regions, men sometimes hunt months and months before they find gold in any quantity. They find just enough to make them hope that next day, or week, or month, they will find enough to make them wealthy. Often it is the merest acci- dent that makes the gold visible. One of the Western papers gives an account of the way in which the proprietor discovered the gold where the mining camp Esmeralda is now located. The vein is what the miners tell of a blind ledge; "that is, there is nothing on in the surface of the ground to lead one to think that gold was beneath the surface. One day the prospector saw a mass of decomposed quartz mingled with some dirt that had been scratched out by ground-squirrels when dig- ging holes in the side of the hill. He ex- amined the quartz carefully, and decided to follow the holes dug by the squrrel. He found the vein, and now a rich mining camp is located where the squirrels dug the holes showing the way to the gold. Her Social Position.—The ?? woman is thought to have received much training, in the first two centuries, through the great number of secret societies existing. The burial inscriptions show that she bore an important part in these, and even held office in some of the municipalities. Her moral character at this time, however, did not stand very high, if we may trust the his- torians and satirists. 