THOMAS CARLYLE. The following is an abstract and extracts {rom an essay on Carlyle, and the greater part of which was read at a recent meeting of the Yoong Men's Christian Association, in connection with the Presbyterian Church. The paper was by Mr. Henderson. The external circumstances of Carlyle's childhood are well known, but if their deep internal significance were better understood. Carlyle's character would cease tobe an enigma to the world. For in these lie enfolded the germ of all that he afterwards became. The high and deep religions enthusiasm, which, in the Covenanting times, had blended itself with the native stubborness of the Soottish charac- ter was already much diminished in Carlyle's early years, but enough of it remained to sow the seeds of that deep moral earnestness by which-he was distinguished from bis contem- poraries. If this be borne in mind there is little that need detain us over Carlyle's early years. Like bis later life, it is comparatively barren of external incidents ; its interest lies in the unseen workings of the spirit. Carlyle dates his spiritual manhood from the time of what he calls his "conversion." Until then the story of his life has only an indirect interest, as reflecting light on the tuan as we know him now. His first full revelation of himself was in "Sartor Resartus." This work may be said to be in « general sense what it purports to be in a special one ; a translation from the German. As his childhood in Annandale sup- plied the vital forces with which Carlyle was to fight his life's battle, so in the armoury of German literature he found th« weapons he was to wield. In "Sartor" we have an (exposition of German Transcendentalism, and something more ; for Carlyle's mind was not « mere channel for other men's thoughts to ¡run through. . He had a power which may be {compared to the fabled one of the alchymist, fin whose crucible all metals were turned to [gold. The cold idealism of Transcendental I philosophy is changed to glowing reality. I The pale ghost descends from the clouds, the (hot impetuous Annandale blood pours through Hts cold veins, and it walks the common earth, rwonder-workiog and victorious, Under its' ¡mysterious influence the whole world seems [turned into a vast ragfalr. It is the best (example Carlyle has given ns of his wonderful j power of seeing into the heart of things, The! 'Fßncrh 'R-eVolution ls chiefly remarkable for its intensely dramatic spirit. The sympa- thetic reader ls not only a spectator of the Revolution, but an actor In it. lt >B also an exemplification of Carlyle's belief that evil cannot continue lu the world. In the govern- ment of nations, which men fondly deem is the work of their own hands, there lives and works an eternal purpose, whose ends cannot faU af accomplishment. All history was to Carlyle a revelation from God, and the Revo- lution was one of its most striking chapters. His next great work was "Cromwell," a monument of careful research and painstaking accuracy, but affording, by its nature, little Bcepe for Carlyle's best talents. "Frederick the Great" was his next historical work, and has been deemed by many his best. But as it approaches more nearly than any of his other works the character of universal history, his defects, as an historian, are most visible in it. The principal of these is the lack of a good narrative style. He does not possess Gibbon's power of gathering from a host of disconnected facts the essential points, and weaving them into a .connected fabric. His glimpses of the past are always true and clear, but they are partial and disjointed. Of the way in which the great mass of men in olden times thought and acted, be tells us little or nothing. But these faults are well compen- sated by his unrivalled descriptive power, and extraordinary skill in delineating human character. Not only Frederick himself, but all the important personages of his time«, seem rather like the men and women we meet and speak with every day, than the monstrous and undefined shadows we too frequently encounter in histories. This power pf describing men was the talent which Carlyle possessed in the highest perfection. His pictures of the notable characters he met in his own country and time are among the finest specimens of hts handiwork. The estimate of many of them has given much offence itt some quarters ; but to the critic, who looks from Carlyle's own standpoint, there will seem little ground for it. It should be remembered that Carlyle was a much greater man than his contemporaries, while his critics, as a rule, are much smaller. Gulliver seemed a giant of incredible dimen- sions to the Lilliputians, but among the Brobdignagians he was only an insignificant pigmy. Carlyle's two great biographical works furnish exemplifications of his dogma, ." That rights are properly articulated (mights/'1'that the trna bing is the strong (mun, the man who "kens" and "cans, pírese very true, though rather deep, sayings have been perverted Into.a worship of mere brute force. The critics take no offence when Carlyle says that " the right is the strong ;" but when he varies the terms of his proposition, and says that "the strong is the riebt,!' they are np in arms. It is much as if mathematicians ' were to admit that the three angles of a triangle are equal to two right angles, and to deny the converse that two right angles are equal te three angles -of a triangle, lo a man who did not understand the nature of an angle, such a position might seem tenable, and it is to be suspected that the conceptions of right and strength entertained by Carlyle's critics are far from" being" correct. It would be to their advantage if ' they would rectify them, for this doctrine, insisted on a thousand .times by Carlyle, is One of the keen flashes of the iu sight which WSB his highest endowment. By this one saying alone, he has proved that he has penetrated some fathoms further -into the unkuown than any man of his age or country. What is Carlyle'« precise position among fie great mon of* hiB own 'and other times, ls a question which must long remain un- answered. Too many of us are shut out from any real compréhension of him by an im- passable barrier. It is not to be expected that men who have their being in shams, whose societies and institutions are embodi- ments of hypocrisy, can have any real under- standing of a mau whose whole life was a buming protest againBt these things. The fact coincides with tho theory. Not one mau in a thousand who have read Carlyle has any full understanding of the man. But if it is still possible for a. man to be great-in thc sight of God; if thc true end only real measure of his greatness consists in thc courage and skill with which he fights against tile principle of evil, by this true and unvarying standard, Carlyle's dimensions are so great as to be comprehensible by the vast majority of men. There is no man in his own or the preceding century who approaches him iu spiritual stature ; none, indeed, is there to bc compared with him till we reach John Milton. These two men were of very different talents, and living in different environments ; but in intellectual strength and depth of moral earnestness, they were not unlike. Carlyle was the superior of the two in breadth of intellectual vision, os also in passionate intensity of conviction ; while in thc gifts j"i expression he was the inferior. But to UE the full dimensions of the man can only be dimly guessed. He is still to us what he was to Goethe, a moral force whose influence wc cannot calculate. It is already vast and deep, but its full extent is hid in the dark future. Bot it is plainly visible to all who have eyes to see, that there has been dwelling among ns an inspired teacher, speak- ing bur own tongue, and living in the same mean snrrour»,ingB. He haB a message fer na ^^s^j^^a^Ww^^jjj^Uwe^jh^shut 