Tike .Oath :;Qsaes££esfi .$» Enerlaiacl. ■ - (London DoXLy Telegraph, May IS.) 'There was a sequel to the Irish, de bate which did hot exhibit the tank aud file of the Conservative Party in anything that can. be called a good light. Mr. Bradlaugh's Oaths Bill proposes, now that public opinion is calm, to substitute -affirmations for oaths in all eases where persons ob ject to swear. All parties agree that the constant gabbling of sacred names by habitual witnesses on all occasions has led to a lower standard of truth, and produces—what seems to any un prejudiced person—a profuse amount of daily profanity. When'at a "very early hour yesterday morning Mr. Bradlaugh moved the second reading of his Bill, he was supported by the Solicitor-General and. by a majority composed Alike of Ministerialists and liberals.,, A > knot of Conservative mfembers, iowever, threw- over their own leaders and persisted in what sve must hold- to be unseemly, bbstriictio a. .In supporting the'junior member for Northampton, Sir Edward Clarke, speaking for the .Government, said that he had " fairly earned the step, he- proposed to take as regards his "Bill" ; and certainly if a gentleman sits up all night in order to watch o ver his measure and advance it in one stage, he deserves.success. But there are other reasons. The Bill will put an end to an ugly controversy. The ghost of religious bigotry "raised so wantonly by the Fourth Party six 'years ago laid, and sacred names will no longer be profaned by- uhwiiiing lips or- bandied about: by healed parti zans. Beyond this Mr. Bradlaugh ' merits a personal vindication. He is the only man who in the present gen-; eratioh has been deprived of his privi leges as an English citizen—not by: law but by the arbitrary vote of the | House of Commous—and this not for i any act, but for opinions. Since he i took his seat in 1S85 he has done much ' to turn the tables on his accusers by showingthattheyshut out fromtkePar-1 liament of 1880 one likely to become a useful aud even distinguished member of the legislature. As a debater, Mr. Bradlaugh has made his mark this season. He has shown that he can control his temper, refine his Btyle, and adapt himself to the tone and manner of the House. Hs great ability nobody ever doubted and we regret that the irritation of a few Conservatives, worn and worried by an Irih night, should have deprived him of a legitimate satisfaction, It can, however, be only for a time; his victory, which is that of toleration and ■ common sense, is sure to come. (Prom the Scotsman). There are few things that can be put in comparison with the mainten ance of civil and religious liberty, and unquestionably this great principle m the matter of the Oaths Bill. The country cannot afford to have men shut out from the House of Commons or otherwise disqualified because of their religious opinions. 