REVENGE. I have served in the French army (as surgeon) and sacrebleu ! I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being to pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. While wandering through that picturesque country, I frequently encountered two ladies — one elderly, the other a widow — charming, petite, spiriluelle — Adrienne ! At last we fonnd ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly suc cumbed to tbe fair widow's charms, — as she was so sympathetic, so vivacious, yet with all that savoir faire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure — how delicious its lines ! What masseB of magnificent tresses ! Wbat perfect rows of ivory her coral- ltDped smile permitted us to see ! What heathful bloom the exercise and moun tain air had lent to her cheek I — Yes, I would propose that evening. That night I went np to dress for dinner — an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged n the morning with the maitre d' hotel to cbaDge my room for one with a more southerly aspect ; - but when I had climbed to tbe first floor (no slight exer cise !) where my new apartment was located, I found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made me decide it was No. 18, but, to make certain, I listened a moment at the door — all was still within — turned tbe handle softly and entered. Korn de uteu .' who was iuis t .asieep, uu a faateuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne ! Adrienne ? Yes ? bnt Adrienne trans figured. Haggard, nearly bild, with her cheeks falling in on the tooth less gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille ! A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by her maid into my Adrienne — waiting to be made into my decoy — but I would be revenged 1 N"t stopping to hnnt up my room now, I descended hastily to tbe saloon, where I fonnd most of tbe guests waiting for the dinner-gong. I caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me — I smiled. The houEe happened to be full, just then, of a very fashionable company, the ladies vied with one another in the magni6cence of their toilets, and I knew there was a certain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah ! I would shame her before them all; I would give her a lesson under her rival's eyes — she should learn not to trifle with honest affection — Mon Dieu ! yes ! I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I j sat down apart, and, turning my eyes | from those present, put all my will-force I into action. One — two — three — four I minutes, and there was a footstep out- I side the door — the handle was gently I turned and Adrienne appeared — yes 1 precisely as I Had seen ner a tew annates before ! The whole roomful! of listless gaests rose as if simultaneously gal vanized — the ladies shrieked 1 a ghost ' — bnt Adrienne advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I made the releasing passes with my band- she awoke — gave one glance round at the staring I company and the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her fignre reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank — a fainting heap — on the floor ' I was revenged 1 1 That same night I thought I heard some one moving abont my room, and found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent spring-fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my I loss before I could move out of bed. Adrienne bad left the house that night, out not witnout retaliating. — uouguu Adam in San Francisco News-Letter. 