DEATH OF HENRY WARD BEECHER. Henry Ward Beecher, perhaps the ablest speaker of his time, is dead. He lived to a good old age, preserving to the end the vigour of robust manhood, and the influence which he exerted over his contemporaries in the stirring life of America endured until the very last. England remembers the labours of his life chiefly in connection with the great anti slavery movement, and the passionate appeals which, twenty-four years ago, he made to the people of the United King dom to support the North in its desperate struggle against the slaveholding States. The memory of that time of bitter strife is now passing away. The indignation which the masses of Southern sym pathizers in Great Britain felt against the Nonconformist minister from America who dared to call a meet ing in London, and proclaim to the excited multitude the doctrines which in the North of America had already obtained acceptance, has now completely passed away ; and when Mr. Beecher revisited England last year he was met not only as a celebrity whose talents commanded respect but also as a friend. As a speaker he possessed not simply talent but genius. There is a peculiar magnetic influence which every true orator exercises over his audience. It is not the fruit of mere earnestness, for a man may be intensely earnest without communicating to the minds of his hearers one atom of the intense feeling by which he is swayed. It is not the mere result of dramatic power, for a speaker may possess in a rare degree the faculty of placing himself in the position of the character whom he represents, and yet fail to command respect either for his own utterances or for those which he ascribes to others. It does not consist merely in depth of thought or felicity of expression, for many men of mighty intellect and cul tured scholarship are wretched failures in the pulpit or on the platform. But it is a peculiar and rare combination of all of these — intermixed, perhaps, with some thing else which no one has yet been able to define — something subtle, yet intensely personal— something akin to what is known as mesmerism. When Beecher rose to speak in public his audience felt almost in his first words the spell of this influence. He could move them at one moment to sadness, at the next to laughter. Yet these emotions were not, as with the dramatic actor, the be-all and end-all of his art and of his efforts. Every thought and every emotion that was introduced was used with an object, and as a rule his discourses were marvellously pro portioned and adapted to effect the pur poses which they had in view. Some of his sermons published in leading religious periodicals are among the very best which this age has produced, for Beecher was one of those rare persons in whom are com bined talents for speaking and writing forcibly. The reader reads a few lines casually, perhaps, and becomes aware at once of the fact that it is no ordinary man who wrote the words before him. Then, referring to the title- page, he recognises the name of the writer, and under stands the difference between the great and the commonplace in literature. Possessing such faculties Beecher exer cised an extraordinary influence upon the drift of thought, not only in America, his own native land, but also in England, and, indeed, wherever the English language is spoken. He had not in him so much of the revivalist as other preachers who have stirred the minds of men in our day and generation. Perhaps the nature of his views in regard to spiritual regeneration had much to do with this. His was to a very large extent a humaniz ing influence, and his views as to the pro gressive elevation of mankind in the scheme of the future were almost those of an optimist. Of the two schools of theological thought which dwell mostly on the fall of man and the rise of man respectively he certainly belonged to the latter. This was perhaps natural in a man of his ardent and sanguine temperament. But the effect produced by his teachings upon the religious thought of the day, and especially upon the minds of young candidates for the ministry, was marvellous. The dark shadow thrown across his path in life by the Tilton- Beecher divorce case never caused Henry Ward Beecher to slink about the world like a guilty creature. He always stood erect as one who had in no way disgraced his manhood. With passionate earnestness he averred that though he had acted thoughtlessly and even indiscreetly, yet he had never acted criminally. Some who attended carefully to the details of that painful trial have never since ceased to regard the preacher as a man who had added false hood to fault. But the great majority of people accept the verdict given by his congregation and practically endorsed by the Jury, and at the present day there are few who knew the man personally or through his writings, who do not un hesitatingly give him the benefit of the doubt. Yet this episode, calamitous as it was to the cause of religious life in the States, has indirectly written its lesson upon the pages of history. It is that no man, however great or however good his influence and commanding his presence, is free from the searching eye of public criticism. In other words, mankind requires that its leaders shall be men in the highest sense of the word. It was only Beecher's manly and con sistent life which enabled him in later years to maintain his influence. In the ranks of independent preachers the gap caused by his death will not soon be filled. It is only one in a thousand who can keep in touch as he did with the advancing thoughts of the age, and, as did the prophets of old, illumine with the clear light of his teaching the dark problems which are constantly coming forward for solution. The Stranding of the Kebroyd.— When a man riaks his own life along with those of others, criticism of his actions is to a certain extent silenced. But never theless it is incumbent upon the authori ties in power to place as many obstacles as possible in the way of dangerous exploits which may be attended with considerable loss of life. The finding of the Marine Board in the enquiry into the causes of the stranding of the barque Kebroyd at Anxious Bay on February 15 is to the effect that Captain Hialop, the part-owner and master of the vessel, 'acted with decision and judgment in beaching the ship for the safety of life and the benefit of all concerned,' but that the pumps were 'worn and defective, and the presence of sand, which choked up the pumps, was objectionable. The evidence however, goes to show that even had the pumps been fully worked they would not have kept the vessel clear.' The evidence, it may be added, also went to Bhow that the Kebroyd before starting on her ill fated voyage for Western Australia had been left lying for about six weeks in the summer's sun, and that as soon as she began to roll, the water came in by her seamy sides until even two effec tive pumps would have been insufficient to keep the vessel from sinking. Sand ballast had been used to weight her, and, of course, when the pump3 were moat needed one of them failed to work through getting choked up. The barque, which was built over twenty years ago at Sun* derland, drew 14 feet of water; and although Plimsoll's line was 2 feet above the water level, she soon sank so low that there was 9 feet of water in her hold. The way in which the captain and crew beached her under these circumstances and subseauently saved the cargo and vessel is one of the cleverest things in seamanship that have been done on the Australian coast for a long time past. Yet, in saying this it should not be forgotten that the vessel ought not to have been sent to sea in sach a condition as to render this exceptional skill and copl neBS necessary. Had the weather bean a little worse or the neighbouring seacoast a little more unfavourable the whole crew would inevitably have lost their lives. The Marine Board give it pretty clearly to be understood that they believe that the vessel was not in a seaworthy condition. Yet nothing is said aa to the responsi bilities of those who sent her to sea in such a condition. Admiration far the skill and judgment shown by Captain Hislop in beaching the barque cannot blind one to the danger in which he and his partners in the ownership placed the crew of men who shipped at seamen's wage3. It is well enough for those who profit by such risks to share in them. But the unfortunate fellows who lose their lives through shipping in unseaworfchy craft receive no leal consideration for the dangers they incur. The Marine Board have spoken out about the subject, but it would have been well had they driven home their verdict by some more direct application to the responsible parties. The New Sotteh Wales Pabtjamest ts Sessiok. — The business of the special session of the new Parliament of New South Wales has been entered upon under the happiest aoguries. By Assembly members on both aides oi the House a Bincere desire is being manifested to make atonement for the misdoings of the last Parliament by eschewing lere faction-fighting and giving Btrict ttention to the work in hand, 'he chief credit for this -undoubtedly tt aches to SL: Henry Parkes, who iy placing broad issues before tha lectors and rendering it incurn lerit upon them to pronounce dafi iitely upon matters of principle has aised politics above the low level of lersonal bickerings to which they had unk, and placed alike before candidates nd constituencies a worthy ideal. It is lear that the good example sec ty the Premier has not been lost upon he leader of the Opposition, Mr. Abbott, rho evidently possesses the temper and elf- control essential to success in the losition he holds. His action of the ►revious day in administering the oath to limself was calculated to stamp him as -etulant and headstrong, but the bad mpression thus created is neutralized by he moderation of his attitude on Wednesday. He has no thought ' of ibusing the forms of the House to smbarrass the Government ; on the con rary, he will give them all the help be an in carrying on efficiently the busi less of the country. This is the correct attitude for the leader of the Opposition o assume, for besides being patriotic it insures for him the goodwill and con idence of the House. Sir Henry Parkes idheres to the determination arrived it some days ago. The chief work -f the session will be the repeal -f the ad valorem duties unwarrant ibly imposed by a Parliament which had 10 authority from the country to take inch a step and the passing of neasures required to restore the balance between revenue and ex jenditure. In this connection it is latisfactory to learn that the Premier indertakea in his Budget Speech to show ;hat the country is not in such financial straits as has been generally supposed. The -ther legislative work of the special session will be necessarily restricted, jut the Government intend Bub nitting a Bill to shut out expires and ;scaped convicts belonging to foreign possessions. This is the practical reply af the mother colony to the unneigh bqurly action l of France in continuing to iend^cidivistes to New Caledonia. It s essential that Australia should adopt ibis -policy of exclusion, and Sir Henry Parkes is to be congratulated upon leipg the first to take legislative iction in the matter. It is evident -hat no unnecessary time is to be wasted jy the New South Wales Parliament in preliminaries. In the Legislative Council he Address in reply has already been igreed to, and in the Assembly a rote upon the Address is . to be :aken to-night. This looks like busi less, and is in striking contrast to ;he manner of carrying on operations prhich marked the Jennings regime. Telegpaphic— The following was posted it the Post-Office under date March 9:— 11 To-morrow, March 10, being a pnblio holi day, all telegraph offices in Tasmania will clo3e from 10 a.m. to 6 30 p.m.' PASSEKGEES BT THE S.S. HOHENZOLUJRH.— The following is the list of the passengers who leave Adelaide to-day by the German mail steamer Hohenzollern :— Mtb. Schulz8 and child in the saloon, and twenty-six Becond-class passengers. Tee Kbbeoyd.— The Marine Board held an enquiry on Wednesday morning into the causes of the recent disaster to the barque Kebroyd. The evidence of the master (Captain Heslop), the first mate, and an able seaman was taken, and the Board round that the vessel sprang a leak while labouring against a head sea, but there waa do conclnsive evidence to show in what part of the ship. The pumps were worn and defective, and choked with sand ballast The Board credited the captain, however, with showing decision and judgment under the circumstances. She is advertised for Eale by auction, with the whole of her Btores and equipment, on Tuesday next. The Foeest Eakge Diggings. — Mr. Vandome has on view in his shop at Rundle - street corner several beautiful nuggets that have just arrived from the Forest Eange Diggings, the property of Mr. James Love. They vary in weight from 5 oz. downwards, and have been unearthed during the last few days. The diggings are situated between Norton's Summit and Lobethal, about 14 miles from Adelaide. Deep Dbaduge at Noewood.— About 500 ratepayers of Norwood and Kensington attended a meeting, called by the Mayor, on Wednesday evening, and carried resolutions protesting against the action of the Govern ment in attempting to force deep drainage into the town. A deputation will wait upon the Government on the matter. The Palmeestok.— This steamer went on Fletcher'B Slip on Wednesday evening. Many people gathered to sea the operation, and if possible view the extent of damage to the ship's bottom. The sail which had been put round the vessel where the hole was had been removed. As the vessel came slowly up it was seen that her forefoot was uninjured. The large hole, which wag partly in the forehold and pattly m the tank, proved to have been accurately de scribed by the diver. It will be remembered that when he examined the injury in the forehold while the vessel was lying on the Secret Bock the diver found a hole about 2 feet across. Subsequent examination, when the vessel was at Port Lincoln, showed that the hole extended into the airtank, and was about 13 feet long. A oursory examina tion by torchlight, as the vessel was on the slip, showed that the keel was uninjured. There were one or two minor injuries, and in some placeB the plates were dented. From some scratches along the Bide and from the general appearance of the vessel some persons inferred that she had gone be tween two ridges of rock, and thug received the injuries to the bottom and not to the keel. Had she gone right stem on to the rocks the iajuries would have been much more severe. The Palmerston has got off very lightly. To-day a thorough examina tion will be made of the ship. A Marine Board enquiry will shortly be held into the disaster. Late-fee Letters foe Meleouests and the South-East.— The following notice was posted at the Posfc-Office on Tuesday: —'A late-fee bag is already hung upon;, the afternoon express train to Melbourne, in ?which letters (bearing a lata fea of 2d.) for Victoria can be posted up to the timo of train starting. A second lata-fea bag will in future be hung on the train, in which letters (bearing a late fee of 2d.) for the South-Eastem townships of this colony, via Border Town, can be posted.! As one bag is not opened till it reaches Mel bourne and tb8 other at Border Town per sons are requested to be careful to post their letters in the proper bag, otherwise they will be delayed. Letters bearing a late fee can ba posted in these bags at every railway station at which the express trains atop.' The ImpeeiaIi Institute.— His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales has been in communication with the Governors of the various Australian Colonies with reference to the establishment of the Imperial Institute, and Sir W. C. F. Robinson has forwarded tha following letter relative thereto to the Acting Premier:— 'My dear Mr. Bray— I have re ceived a communication from the Prince of Wales, expressing a hope that I may be able to organize measures for collecting contri butions in this colony towards the erection of the Imperial Institute, and stating that organizations have been formed throughout the United Kingdom for a similar purpose. The establishment of the Imperial Institute— the scheme of which has bean approved by the Queen— is intended to be in commemoration of Her^Majesty's Jubilee, and may ba regarded as an outcome of the Indian and Colonial Exhibition recently held in London, which tended bo much towards uniting in . the closest harmony all parts of the Empire. The Government has already shown its approval of the project by agreeing in common with other colonies to submit a vote to Parliament as a contributor towards the Institute in question, and it is to be hoped that the public of South Australia will also respond to the invitation, which I ipprehend has been addressed to all parte »f the Empire. The best way of giving effect to the Prince of Wales'B wishes taxi sf affording the people of this colony an opportunity of sharing in an undertaking :onceived for the purpose of commemorating the love and respect entertained for our Moat LJracioas Sovereign by all Her Majesty's subjects would probably be.thatithe various municipal and other locil governing bodies should be invited to take such steps' aB-may ippear to them most; desirable for organizing throughout their several municipalities' arid 3iBtricts committees for obtaining TObscrip^ tions toward the end in view. I tbmkifc would be well that any approach that may be made to the several local self-governing bodies should be accomplished by a printed report Betting forth the general purposes to which the proposed Imperial Institute will be de Foted. I am aware that the moment is not opportune for an appeal to the well-known liberality of our people, and sympathizing as [ do in the distress which has been more or less felt by aU classes, I should hesitate to Dut forward a proposal of this sort at tha present time if the question could without in convenience be delayed j but aa early action one way or the other, seems requisite there ia do alternative but to move in the matter at Dnce, and I feel confident that so far as the circumstances of the tinie will permit the response of South Australia to this invita tion will be in beeping with the loyalty and heartfelt devotion to JfTer Majesty which have always Jbeen entertained by this com munity.— Believe me, yours truly, WnaaAM D. F. Robinson. ' P;S;— I shall of course bo happy to place my. name on any subscrip tion-list which may be opened for the above' purpose.' Death of the Key. Henbt Wabi-- Beeches. — Our English cablegrams an nounce' the death of the Rev. H. Ward Beecher, who was- one of the . boldest, most; vigorous, and prominent figures in the ecclesiastical world. On March 7 we published news to the effect that _Mr. Beecher had been taken ill with apoplexy, .and that he was in a critical . condition. He appears to have] lingered ' unconsciously for a day or, two. Though Mr. Beesher was nearly 74 years old, hie death, it will be Been, catne un expectedly. In the laat reference to him in the American Press he. was , described, j»s , epjo jm^robuit bodily health and unimpaired' mental vigours'™ Mr. Beeeber came of a family remarkably distinguished 'for their' ability. His father, Lyman Beecher, waa amongst the moBt notable men of his day. His two brothers were famed aa clerical and literary men; and Mb Bister, Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stow, was known all over the world as the authoreEs of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' Mr. Beecher'1 was.' educated in Boston,, graduated in Massachusetts at ? the age of 21, and then .studied theology under his father. He first began his ministerial work in the; Presbyterian Church in Indiana in 1837, and; after a diversified experience he became connected with the Congregational Church iii Brooklyn, New York, over which he pre sided at the time of his death. That Church has a membership of over 2,000, and dur ing nearly forty ^ears he has by Up eloquence attracted crowded congre gations on every occasion when he preached. ' His salary waB propoitioned to his abilities. He received from the Church a salary of 520,000 a year, and made a great r deal beaides /by lecturing and literature. '.:. His - discourses were always full of original thought^ conveyed in pure and attract tive language. He spoke absolutely with-, oat notes. He was a most untiring worker in every field of philanthropic enterprise. More than most men who were connected with the ecclesiastical world he engaged in discussing the political and social movements of the country. He has delivered thousands of lectures upon all kinds of topics; avail parts of America and in many parts' of England. During^his maturer life he con tributed numerous articles to influential papers, and for many Tears he waa the chief editor of the Christian Union. Mr. Beecher was not only prominent in literature, but his opinion on artistic work was adjudged to be of great weight. Hits own gallery of paintinge and engravings was held in hitjb. esti mation, and to show the many sidedness of the man it may be added that he tookeome part in the practical superin tendence of his country Beat, which: .was looked upon as one of the finest and best regulated of farms and flower gardens ?n the whole of the United States. Mr. Beecher visited England eb a young man, again in 1863, when he won great fame by his lectures upon the' American Civil War, and- lastly about four months ago,' when he was enthusiastically welcomed back. An English crltio of ' hia style, as shown in his farewell , lecture, says — 'The lecture may be read at more or less length in the morning papers, but it loses sadly when deprived of Mr. Baecher's marvellous range of facial and vocal expres sion. For instance, the remarks on the descent of man from monkeys are not ;of extraordinary value in themselves, but it ib not easy to forget the quaint twist of the marvellously flexible 'actor's' mouth with which, after notioing that Bomo people 'feel an objection to their ancestry,' he added, with * favourite gesture of clasping hia hands over his second waistcoat button, ' I. don/}; feel it rtyEelf ; in fact, I'd as lief come from a monkey as anything else, if only I'd come fur enough along;' and aa the laugh subsided he continued, ' We are not - monkeys now,' and then a pause, and with a Blight drawl and a slow look round the hall —'mostly.' Some of his most effective passages were when he compared the varie ties of Churches and sects with the many different methods of housekeeping, and when he dwelt on the subject of prayer, and after a glance at; the prayer of faith— 'a enrious thing, which cures illness, but stopB short at . Burgery' — decried with scornful emphasis ? that vulgar view of prayer as omnivorous beggary' — ' Give me something, give me some thing'— and here Mr. Beecher alightly ex- - tended his hand, and put on just sufficient of the professional beggar's whine - — skilful dramatic tonche3 of this sort were innume rable. What an actor haB been lost !' In 1874 the lustre of Mr. Beeoher's name was in danger of being dimmed by a criminal charge which was brought against him by [an old asEociate (Mr. Tilton), bat hs cama out of tha ordeal with no Iocs of confidence on the part of hia friendE. A little later he shocked Borne of the more strictly orthodox by announcing his disbelief in the eternity of punishment, and ever since then his views seem to have broadened away from their - original basis. A more extended notice of his life will be found in another column. Presentation to the Ex- Mayor of Nortwood.— At the Mayors Parlour, Nor- wood Town Hall, on Wednesday evening, the Councillors of the municipality for 1886 - presented Mr. F. H. Wigg, the Mayor for that year, with a handsome portrait of him- self, as a token of the high esteem in which he is held. Mr. G. E. C. Stevens (the pre sent Mayor), Councillors Benson, Packham, . and Hales, and ex-Councillor Mills delivered eulogistic speeches on the subject of the gift, and Mr. Wigg suitably replied. The portrait is 1 ft, 6 in. by 2 ft., and is an excellent like- ness. It will probably keep company with others in the Municipal Chamber. Seizure of Boats at Pobt Adelaide. — We understand that the Customs authorities ? have Eeized a number of boats, because the name of the craft and the owner was not painted on the stern. An offioer went round the harbour and took Buch boats from their - moorings to the dockyard for safe keepiilg. We are informed that closs upon fifty bo|te ? have been served in this way, and probably ? many boat-owners will bo surprised at finding their craft gone. Cieccit Courts.— The following ia the calendar of the prisoners to bs tried by His - Honor Mr. Juries Boacaat at the Circuit Courts for the Port Augusta and Gladstone districts: — Port Augucta, at the Court- - house, Wednesday, March 16— Thomas Bea (on bail), common aEsault ; Charles Johnson, John Kelly, stealing from the pereon ; Wil- - Ham Boyd, larceny ; Edv/ard Gardiner, lar ceny; Ellen McDonocgh, aggravated assault ; Edward Kerley (on bail), indecent assault ; Thomas Burke, larceny; Henry White Eng land, false pretences; John Pedler (on bail), embezzlement, Gladstone, at the Institute, , Kin&XkMaich; 18— Bobert y^aTiftit, larceny: lEehaelCkm (on hail); unlawfully Belling mortgaged property; John Hancock, anon. Beoachhig Cabgo on the Caxtloch. — A large crowd assembled to witness the arrival of theshro Caitloeh on Wednesday evening gil account of the crew having broached a quantity of rum on board and then refused cvty. Directly the eta p arrived thirteen of the men were given in charge, and they were t ken to the police station trader a strong eEcort of police. They will be brought up at the Port Police Court to- day. Aqttahc Cokckbi as Gmstelg. — Thitf evening the Qoartett Verein will give another of their open-air aquatic concerto at Glenelg, assisted by the local baud. Arrangements have been, made for the steamer Ethel to lie close to the jetty so aa to enable visitors to hear the music. : The mail steamer will be at the anchorage, and ad ditional Bteamlanncb.es will be provided. Special trains have also been provided at both Adelaide stations, and also a late train will leave Glenelg for Victoria-square at 11.20 p.m. Oed Coiokbts1 Associatioh.— A special meeting of the Jubilee Committes of the Old Colonists' Association was held in the City Council Chamber on Wednesday morninj, March 9. There were present Sir Henry Ayera (President), His Honor the Chief Jus tice, Hon. J. C Bray, Sir William Milne, Dr. Mclntyre, Messrs, Garlick and S. J. Skipper, and the Secretary (Mr. Hiram Mildred). . It was reported that in spite of the successful celehratioa of the Old Colonists' Jubilee there was a deficit of £30 15a. Most of this sum was a£ once subscribed at the meeting. The Secretary brought up various accounts! which were ordered to be paid. Ensilage. — There is now on view at the shop of Messrs. E. & W. Hackett an excel lent sample of ensilage from Mr. L. G. Browne's Snckland Park Estate. Thfa ensi lage, which is composed of variegated thistle, rative clover, and barky-grass, was stacked above ground five months ago. About 50 tons of excellent feed is contained in the stack, which was weighted down with gain logs, and Mr. Browne writes that Ma horaes, attle, and piga eat it very readily. Colonial Tsvvstbt.— Last week one of our representatives visited the gasworks in connection with the Xatala Labour Prison, Dry Creek, to inspect the improvements effected there, and to ascertain the result of the trial of colonial-made retorts. . Mr. Owen Smyth, Superintendent of Public Buildings, who designed the alterations, and under whose - superintendence they were carried out, has every reason to be satlsfied;with the result. On the recommendation of Mr. Owen Smyth the Commissioner of Public Works, with a view of encouraging' local industry, allowed the trial of . retorta manufactured by Mr. W. Shearing, of the Hindmarsh Pottery Works, of which one doable and two single beds are laid down. Only one of the single beds is ? used, and the manager in charge states that it produces as much gas as did two of the beds before the altera tions. Evidently a considerable saving has been effected, as each bed receives two charges of coal per diem, amounting to 5 cwt. in twenty- four hours. With one retort in use the same amount of gas is made with, half the amount of fuel, besides saving the wear and tear of a second retort. So far as is known these are the first colonial-made retorts ever tried in the colonies, and the credit is entirely due to the Public Works Department The retort tried has stood the teat two months, and has proved equal to the imparted article in every respect. . The Death of Johst Waxhsq.— Dr. Baker has forwarded the following letter to the Commissioner of Public Works Hon. L. L. Furner) in reference to the death of John Watting at Hergott Springs:— 'lhave the honour to request your atten tion to the unwarranted verdict given by the Hergott Jury re John Watting.- Erom the particulars of the case I gave to Mr. Baggaley to be forwarded to your office you will -see that I did everything I could, and that there is no evidence of heartless cruelty and neglect. At the] time Watting came to the hospital we were crowded with new arrivals returning to town— few of them with serious symptoms — and I often had to act with firmness to prevent men — loafers— from using the hos pital as an accommodation-house. I have never to my knowledge refused to admit any one in whom I detected serious symptoms, and I discovered none in John Watting, but still we did the beat for him our means allowed. I went to him at once at Stuart's Creek as soon as I knew his case wu3 serious, and gave the necessary instructions, and Mr. Baggaley can testify that I attended him, and did all I could on oar journey down, and after arrival at Hergott. Mr. Lawlcr was most objectionably officious, and on my re senting it threatened that he would make ma smart for it. Having done all that was necessary I left Hergott, because I would not expose myself to be bad gered by Mr. Lawlor and his Jury. At the time of the removal the two fever cases were progressing favourably, but I deemed it necessary to remain in case they might suffer from the shifting. It was quite exceptional for our beds to be fall, and I consider that we have quite sufficient hospital accommodation for all ordinary demands, and we have a third large room -which can be utilized if necessary. This utterly unjust verdict having been published, I would respectfully submit that my report or portion of it should be published in reply, as I fail to Bee how I am deserving of any censure in the case, and consider the verdict most unjust, and chiefly due to ?personal spite on Mr. — — *s part. I have the honour to call your attention to the amount of drunkenness which prevails. There are generally a dozen or more drunken men at the pub. here, and fully half the cases we get are -due to alcoholic poisoning. As these are relief works I think the ganger should receive nstructions to fine or dismiss all . found drank. I trust some action will be taken to lemove this slur upon my professional and private reputation.' Johst Hol & Company, Limukd,— An adjourned half-yearly meeting of John Hill & Company, Limited, was held at the Exchange Arbitration-room on Wednesday, -March. 9. There was a tna^j attendance. Mr- H. B» Fuller, who presided, said that In accordance with the wish of the previous meeting the Directors had resigned. Thii placed the Company in an unfortunate -position. They could not accept their own resignations, and Directors could not sit until a new Board was appointed. They had 'written asking the advice of the solicitors to the Company, Messrs. Symon, Bakewell, and Symon, on several points, and they h»d eplied that new candidates for Director! could not be nominated for election at the adjourned meeting. If any Director resigned fourteen dayB* notice must be given before he could be re-elected! - - The resolution, to re 4nce the number of Directors to three must be carried out , by patting a special resolution to amend the articles. Such special resolution must be passed by a general meeting called for the purpose, and confirmed by ~a- subsequent general meeting fourteen days later. Should the present Directors resign in the interim their successors might be appointed at the latter meeting-,, notice being given of the vacancies in the ' advertisement: The share holders at the adjourned meeting must leave it to the Directors to carry out. their wishes in these, respects. The retiring . ? JDirectora proposed to call an extraordinary meeting in three weeks/ and any candidates for the position of Drrectoi cendd grre fourteen days* notice.' He read resignations from the i Hon. J, Crooer and Messrs. Green and Fuller. Hon. W. K Simms and Mr. J. L. Stirling retired by efihndon of time. The meeting- adjourned, leaving it to ihe Directors to call the necea aary special meeting, ? ' ? TThAIDIA Ash BUMMEETOWK* HOBUCTTL iTiB^SoaBTy.— The report presented at the armnar meeting of the subscribers to the Iftaidla and SuinmertOTm Horticultural and Morfcnltnral Society on Saturday stated thai the Show of February 21 was a decided eocseaa. ? In all classes the productions of the JBOghbourhbod were well represented and were exceedingly fine. The number o\ visitors was larger than at any previous Show; ._ The balance-sheet was satisfactory, the receipts being almost equal - to the ex jesses. 'The following gentlemen wen lected officers for the ensuing year:— Preai- [ent, Mr. 0. C. E. Johnson, ALP.; Vice 'residents, Messrs. W. Lewi3, J.P,, and T. krilins; Treasuier, Mr. S. P. Wilson ; Secre ary, Mr. W. Dyer ; Assistant-Secretary, Mr. 3\. J; Harfield ; Committee, Messrs. W. iowland, W. Moulds, W. Trenorden, W. ieasell, W. Hales, J. Eearneghongh, C. Haittlen, G. Squires, G. Pullman, W. Slborough, andE. Wiieox. A sub-committee raa appointed to revise the prize-list. Boyal .. Agbiccltubai. Society.— The neeting on Monday was not the annual neeting of the Committee of Management, ia i stated in the Register of March 8, but a general meeting of the subscribers. Patete Victoeia Hydeapuc Feeestoke jOMPAhy of South Australia. — At the jxtraordinary. general meeting of this Com- : oany, held at the offices/ Waymonth-streefc, in Wednesday,' March 9, resolutions were manimonsly passed to the effect that the Company should be wound-up voluntarily, that Mr. Dnffield be appointed liquidator, md that his fee be fixed at £25. The JTaemees ahd the Laud Tax— We liave received a copy of a pamphlet by Mr. L Singer with the above title, which is intended is a reply to the speech of Mr. JenMn Coles it .Kapunda in February last. The writing is ngorouB, and many of the facts are well fforth pondering; but the style is marked by ixcessivs egotism, and by the frequent use of )ffenaive epithets, which add nothing to the :orce of the argument but with many readeis will have precisely the opposite effect. A Welcome Dohahoh. — It will be remem sered (says the Wallaroo Times) that during ihe early part of: December an accident hap pened at the Broken -Hill Mine, by which two Moonta men (Thomas Stewart and Williatn Bald), lost their lives. Both men [eft widows, and . Stewart had a large family of young children, two of whom are invalids. Ehe miniag authorities at once set about making up the loss so far as money was able, and the Directors headed the list with £100. The mine officers increased the amount to B125 17s. Besides ? this the Silver Age opened a subscription- list, and received donations amounting to £84 13s. Mr. F. A. Chappie was responsible for.a farther sum of £75s. 6d., and Mr. IL Andrewartha for £9 19s. 61, making a total of £207 15a., which after deducting cost of draft and . other inci dentals, left£2070a.2d. for division. Dr. James (the Mayor of Moonta) received a draft for that amount last week from Mr. Wilson General Manager of the Broken TTTI1 Mine with instructions that 75 per cent, be given to Mrs. Stewart, and the balance to Mrs. Bald. We understand that Stewart's life was covered in the Mutual Life Assurance Society for £100, but as ! he died without a will, there will be but little of the widow's third of this amount left after letters of ad ministration are taken out, so that, the generosity of 'the people of SQverton and Broken HOI will be fully appreciated. The Sutkesg of the BosPHOBus.—We [Wallaroo Times) are indebted to Captain Smith, of the Jane Pierre, for the following particulars concerning the sinking of the Bosphorns in Newcastle harbour:— 'It appears that Ehe had to haul away from the wharf to allow a steamer to come along dde. In doing so the current, which waa very strong at the time owing to a i freshet coming down, caught her broad- - side on, and carrying- away her lines ran her on to her own anchor-stock, which went right through her bottom abreast of the main chains. She soon after took the ground, the water inside of her being over the cabin floor. The crew rigged up a tent on the main hatch, in which they camped after the accident. The underwriters forwarded a centrifugal pump, which being worked by steam from one of the tugboats under the superintendence of Captain Hall, their chief surveyor, in an amazingly short space of time eheJwaB bo far cleared of water aa to enable the vessel to be pnt on the slip. What assisted materially in thi3 was the fact of a toadfish having been sucked into the hole made by the anchor-stock. The fish by blowing itself to full size formed a most efficient plug, preventing the influx of water. The fact is vouched for by Captain Smith, who was present when the fish was extracted. It is rumoured that the old Bos phorous has run her last voyage and will now be transformed into a lighter,' Chaffey; Bbotbebs'ahd JLebigatiojt.— An interesting statement in connection with the project of Messrs. Chaffey Brothers to estab lish an irrigation colony was made (says the Argus) at a meeting of the Council of the Chamber of Manufactures held on March 7. Mr. Steinfeld, who brought forward a reso lution approving of the bounty system, said he heartily sympathized with the action of the Government in granting the concession to Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, and added that he bad beard that the firm intended floating a Company in New York, with a capital of £L,QCO,OQO, to carry oat their scheme. Gubeei ajtd SinxrvAir's New Opeba.— For some time theatregoers have been wait ing patiently for particulars of Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera. During the rehearsals even the strictest secrecy has prevailed as to its name and description, in order, it is alleged, that American theatrical pirates might be baffled. 'Ruddygore,* or The Witch's Curse,' -.is the title of the new opera, which does not treat of an Egyptian subject as was at first supposed. -It is stated that some enterprising American hearing that Mr. Gilbert had visited Egypt went to that country and purchased the most costly Egyptian dresses in anticipation of playing the 'Khedive,1' which proved to be a canard. The production of this opera will cost £6,000 or £7,000. Some of ths military costumes will cost £130 apiece. Mr. Gilbert has in formed a contemporary that he has never seen one of his own plays acted for fourteen years, owuu; to excessive nervousness, which he admits grows upon him every day. The Pall Mall Budget givea the following outline of the new opera : — ' Euddygore is a burlesque of the old melodrama. The scene is hud at the Cornish flaking village of Eederrin, somewhere about 1312. Sir Rupert Mnrgatroyd, of Euddygore Castle, was a wicked baronet, given to burning witches. But one of the writhing dames cursed him and his race from the stake. She says :— Bach lord of Buddygore, Despite his best endeavonr, Shall do one crime, or more, Once, eTery day, for ever ! When the story opens we find the real repre sentative of the Murgatroyds, who has the 'manners of a Marquis and the morals of a MethodiBt,' Mdiag under the name of Robin Oakapple in Sedenin, whither- he had fled to avoid the dreadful penalties of the witch's curse. But Robin ia betrayed to Ms younger brother, Sir Despard, who has borne the weight of the witch'3 cur3e for many years. In the second act -we find Kobin groaning under the weight of the family curae, having exchanged places with Ma brother. Ihe scene is laid in the picture gallery of the Murgatroyds, its walls nung with ths portraits of bygone Baronets. To them the unlucky Baronet appeals. Then the stage darkens, the family portraits step down from their frames, soldiers and divines, and bid the Baronet of Rnddygore BoTra Bpon the osken floor, ikfWTi tfpon these knees of thine ! Coward, poltroca, shaker, squeamer, Blockhead, alng^rd, dullard, dreamer, -fcc. Then the ghost of Sir Roderick steps down to the strains of wild and solemn music, the stage is dark, and Sir Arthur's baton is tipped -with a ball of fire. Robin is then put through an examination a3 to the crimes he has committed. What crime did he com mit on Monday? None; it vr&a; a Bank holiday. On Tuesday? Made a false income tax return. That'3 nothing at all ; it's expected of you. Robin's crimes are unanimously voted ridiculously inadequate, and he i3 told to take away a lady. 'I'm not a Bart, of that sort,' replie3 Eooin in rather a risky line. Eventually, by the uanal Gilbertian process of reasoning, a way out of the difficulty is found, the ascesiora marry the chorus ol bridesmaids, the two brothers are also madt Tiannv. and so come3 the finale.' 