A Couple of JVIjjlits at tlie Nnlroiion Army. [di Blood anb 'fike.] The local corps of the Salvation Army have j teen tho woek.that i liasnow nearly ll^4i ii4o eteiT3ity. On Taos-\ day evening they had a big swearing-in of troops and dp Wednesday they had a hallelujah 1 T fight and. grand presentation of colours. At-:! traded by curiosity, I wended my way to the barracks. On both occasions I had difficulty ! in getting a scat, but thanks to obliging con* ductors, I was shown the foremost Beat in tho synagogue, although not the uppermost, for these places of distinction arc only approach able l>y distinguished persons in peculiar Attire. Tuesday night1# operations commenced with ft march. Tho cnomios, forts were stormed, and after half an hour's determined march the battlements came down with a terrific crash. Yob, it was a terrific crash as 6ome of the stalwart Bons of blood and fire promenaded up that hall after a victorious march. Elated with victory, and following up their success, 6ome determined sharp.sbooting took place. In tho cour&e; of half an hour the enemy was com pletely routed. Major Wright, Adjutant Pur* noil, and " General Lazarus" were to the front, and it need scarcely be said that they gallantly led on the attack. The major passed a well-, deserved compliment upon the warbling ability of the audience. They were, he said, the best singers out of Brisbane. The major: That is beautiful. The adjutant: It is grand. The majori My old saying again, " a live dog is better than a dead lion." Tho Army, let mo explain, have good choruses, and the lads like to join lustily in singing thorn* They are wonderfully fascinating, and yoiz cannot tell when you have enough—at least so thought some of the innocent youtliB that sat at the back. The major gave us a nico address from the words "love one another." The Army, he said, loved sinners, and for their Bake they fought hard to redeem them from the thralaon by which they were enslaved. It wo£ love for the poor perishing souls that made them forsake their homeB and go out amongst the Army of the Most High to fight against sin, drink, and the devil. He conclu ded by reminding them of the T fight that ! was to take place the following evening, warn ing all to be sure and get their tickets. " Get your tickets," said he, " in order that we can tell whether there will be three or four or five hundred present." Then followed 6ome "fir- | ing away" by the troops. " Tho General" was , the first to open fire, and ho gave a rattling tes timony. He " could eee the prophets, apostles, < and martyrs." "Where are they?" inquired I the major. " Down there," replied tho general, 1 pointing in the direction of on ama&ed; congre gation. " I think this &U; bosh and rubbish," volunteered the raised from the dead. " That will do now," interposed the major, " let some one else have a say." And thus the chariot was passed over the malcontent general. Cap tain Brame and Captain Owens then fired a few shots. " Now," said the major. " the primary cause of our coming here is to swear in these troopB. Daring the past three weeks over 800 souls havesoaghtpardoaat oar penitent forms." Adjutant PumeU then administered the oath, which consisted of the reading of the articles of war, drawn up in orthodox military parlance. The articles numbered ten, and at the end of each the recruit signified his acquiescence by holding up his right hand and saving " halle lujah" or " amen.1' The articles enjoined strict abstinence from intemperance, opium, laudanum, or morphia—provisions, it was e&plaincd;, that did not altogether apply to this part of the world. This interesting ceremony over, " Blood and Fire" sought breathing room under the broad canopy of heaven. The event on Wednesday evening was the one in whioli " Blood and Fire" could well play his part, and he did it manfully. It was a T meeting, Imiyaswell state right out. There were others there who did justice to their Appetites. Yob. Out ot all that groat throng —that three-relay tea meeting—I could not discern the face of one. "The General" was absent. His whito horse was not stretching his noble neck over the fence. It was indeed a " hallelujah lea." Officers wero there galore; country people by the Bcore", and red jackets and 14 poke" bonnets dotted the group every here and there. The barracks were neatly decorated, and suitable mottoes occupied pro minent positions. In the first relay " Blood and Fire" took his scat, but lie needn't have done that, as there was enough aud to spare when all were fed. After tea wo went for a march, bearing our torches of course. That was the biggest march since the Army came to Warwick, and it was at once evident that there were some real blood and fire soldiers. The platform was crowded with lads and lassies and divisional officers. The meeting opened with the usual hymn. The adjutant followed with a reading from Colossions. I liked his ad dress. It was much to the point. He epoke of a druliken man sleeping by mistake in a pig-sty; of a fellow trying to negotiate n dish cloth in lieu of a,piece of good steak. He also told us that iiltic story of the bull charging two poor fellows on their way over a great plain. 1 was verily amused. Ho claimed that Salva tionists were the richest and noblest people on earth, because they belonged to the aristocracy of heaven and were of the blood royal. Then wo had a song from the major and a com pliment about the good looks of the people of Warwick. 1 was flattered, lor I knew I was included. The major then entered upon a re view of the rescue work in connection with the Army. That was a work which had opened up in the natural order of things. Th e Army had been in existence for some time before this work forced itself upon it. It was anothor sphere of labour altogether. Colonel Barker, of Victoria, had been specially appointed to look after that work in the colonies. He (the major} was rescued six years ago. At present they, haa eight homes for fallen women, and four for criminals who were met at the prison gates by the officers of the Home. Some few thousands of men and women had bean rescued by the Army, and yet we had only a population of about 4,000,000. To-day there tro hundreds who could Rive glorious testimony of the rescue work of the Army. Some of the fallen women had traits in their character that they might well imitate. During tho first five months that the movement for a Home was ou toot in Queensland the Bum of £500 was contributed to wards it. It was prophesied that they would fail, but did the prophecy com© true? No. They had rescued fifty women, and to-day they could account for thirty. Some had gone back to their habits of vicc. The work of the Army was finding favour in high places. A few days ago a motion was introduced in the House of Hopresentalives to make tho Army a grant of £200 for the purpose of assisting their work, but tho Premier thought it would have a de moralising cffcct. £200 demoralise them! Why, £1000 wouldn't demoralise them. What they wanted was the Government to give them a grant of two or three acres of land and £1000 (o increase their work. Another song followed, and than the banner was produced. All (lie colours in it were emblematical. The blue meant purity, the red the blood of Chi&t;, and tho yellow tho fire of the Holy Ghost. Tho number ou the lias? was 213, and inside the Army crest was the mysterious 41 blood and fire." Tho Major trusted that tho bannor would still bo kept waving, and that many more would enlist under it, and that it would bo carried through every (street in the town. At tho major'e request tho local officers came forward to receive tho colours. Ho then addressed them as follows : —" Soldiers, Captain Drame, Lieutenants King and Day,—I have much pleasuro in presenting you with this Hag. I trust that you will be true to it, and that you will keep it waving. It will be looked upon by tho people as an em blem of what we arc doing lie true to tho flag." Tho officers pledged their fealty to the cause, and the interesting cere* raony of presentation of colours was at on end. The meeting was an enjoyable odd, and led " Blood find Fire11 to /tnittk that vhftt the majoT said was title ^hen he terourked that ho got more fun out of his feligion than anything •lse. 