THE DISCOURSE. Father RYAN took as his text : — "Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the" Church of God " (Acts, chap. 20, verse 28). According to the teaching of St. Thomas (said the preacher), the principal characteristic of the works of God is order. Order, it has been truly said, is Heaven's first law, and the Apostle tells us that "whatever things are are ordained of God." Quae sunt a Deo ordinata sunt. "We see this admirable order prevailing everywhere in the creation around us. We see it in the leaf of the tree, in the flower of the field, in the tiny insect, in the vast machine of the universe. How, the most perfect of all the works of God is His Holy Church. All his other works were created by a mere fiat. " He spoke the word and they wore made ; He commanded and they were created." But the Church is a work that was fashioned by the right hand of the Most High, a work which cost the Eternal Son of God years of labor, of solici- tude, of suffering, a work for the production of which He hesitated not to humble Himself even unto the death of the Cross. "Christ loved His Church," says the Apostle, "and de- livered Himself for it Lhat He might sanctify it, that he might present to Himself a glorious church, not having any spot or wrinkle." TIHE UNITY AND ORGANISATION OK THE R. C. CHURCH. And so we find an admirable order prevailing in that church. Though she is spread through- out the world, though she embraces within her ample fold people of every nation, of every clime, of every tribe, of every tongue— people differing in almost everything save the unity of faith and unity of discipline— yet all com- bine to form one body, one kingdom, one fold — the people subject to their priests, the priests to their bishops, and at— people, priests and bishops— subject to the successor of St. Peter, the "Vicar of Christ, the visible head of the church. I need scarcely tell you, brethren, that outside the Catholic Church we look in vain for anything like this order. The other communities that have separated from her have scarcely the semblance of it. They can- not help seeing in the ancient church that wonderful order which puzzles the philosophers of this world. They cannot help admiring it, but, not possessing it themselves, they contend that it is not of Divine origin, but the " work of human policy." TIHE PROTESTANT VIEW OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. They contend that our Lord instituted His church on purely democratic principles, that all its members are equal, that then is no Divinely- constituted hierarchy. They maintain that the power of government, as far as they acknow- ledge any such power, resides in the general body, whose right it is to select some from among themselves — not, indeed, to rule or govern, but simply to expound the Word of God and to perform other functions as long as it may please those who appointed them. But, brethren, we have only to open the New Testa- ment almost at any page in order to be con- vinced that the direct opposite is the fact — in order to be convinced that our Lord did not wish His church to be a mere multitude with- out any special form of government, but that He constituted His church a perfect society, and that He Himself appointed in His church a special body whose duty it is, in His name and by His authority, to teach, to rule and to govern the rest of His followers. scriptural precedents, In the first place, we find the church over and over again is spoken of as a kingdom. " Of His Kingdom," said the Angel Gabriel to Our Lady when announcing the mystery of the Incarnation "of His kingdom there shall be no end;" and our Lord Himself, in His parables, repeatedly refers to His church as a kingdom. " The kingdom of heaven is likened to a grain of mustard seed;" "the kingdom of heaven is likened to a treasure hidden in a field "the kingdom of heaven is likened to a merchant seeking good pearls," and so forth. Now, what is the essential notion of a kingdom? Is it not that of a society of men in which some rule and some are ruled, in which the people are subject to their magistrates and all subject to one supreme head. Again, St. Paul not only compares the church to the human body, but says expressly that the church is the body— i.e., the mystic Body of Christ — and he argues from analogy that, as in the human body, there is a diversity of members, each having its special functions and all subordinate to one head, so, too, it must be in the mystic Body of Christ. And God indeed hath set some in the church— first apostles, secondly prophets, thirdly doctors — that henceforth we may be no more children tossed to and fro and carried about by every wind of doctrine. Moreover, not only does He command the faithful to obey their prelates and to be subject to thorn, but He says expressly it is by Divine authority the bishops rule the Church of God. " Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has placed you bishops to rule the Church of God." And turning to the gospel narrative, we find that this is precisely the constitution our Lord gave His church. St. Luke tells us that from among the 72 disciples — whom all the sacred commen- tators regard as representatives of the priest- hood of the church— He chose 12 whom He named apostles and to whom He gave very special powers. THE FIRST BISHOPS. He gave them power to bind and to loose all things on earth, and promised them that the exercise of that power would be ratified in heaven. " Whatsoever you shall bind upon earth shall be bound also in heaven, and what- soever you shall loose upon earth shall be loosed also in heaven." He sent them forth with the self-same authority which He had received from His Eternal Father, and commands all at their peril to hear and obey them. " All power is given to me in heaven and on earth........ As the Father hath sent me I also send you. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations. . . . He that heareth you heareth me; he that despiseth you despiseth me." And in order to encourage them in the exercise of their duty, and to prove to the world that these powers were not per- sonal to the apostles, but were to continue in their representatives, "He promises that he would send them the Holy Ghost to teach them all things and to abide with them for ever, and that He Himself would be with them all days, even unto the consummation of the world. Acting on this Divine commission, the Apostles went forth in the name of Christ and as His special ambassadors, and not only exercised the authority committed to them, but also ordained others to extend and perpetuate their ministry. St. Paul and St. Barnabas appointed prelates to govern the various churches founded by them ; and to these same prelates the apostle addressed the words : — " Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God." He does not say whom he or Barnabas had placed, or whom the people had elected, but whom the Holy Ghost had placed as bishops for the government of the Church of God. Moreover, he ordained Timothy Bishop of Ephesus and Titus Bishop of Crete, and addressed to them, for their guidance of those churches, those beautiful epistles which have ever since been regarded as the rule and mirror of episcopal conduct. St. John, the beloved disciple, in discharge of his apostolic mission, consecrated bishops for the churches of Asia, and St. Peter, the head of the Apostolic College, fulfilled the same duty with regard to the churches of the west. THE APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. And all ecclesiastical (history from the earliest times bears witness that this apostolic succes- sion of bishops has been continued in an un- broken line down to our own day. In fact it is well known that the fathers of the early church regard this apostolic succession as a special mark of the true church, and in their contro- versies with tho heretics of this time challenged them to prove their apostolic succession. " Lot them," says Tertullian, "shew forth the origin of their churches, let them unfold the line of their bishops, let them prove that their first bishop was either an apostle or an apostolic man, who, however, persevered in union with the apostles." " All who wish to see the truth (says St. Ireneus) can trace the apostolic suc- cession in every church throughout the world. We can count up," he continues, " those who were ordained bishops by the apostles and their successors down to our own time." We have then in the bishops of the church the successors of the apostles, and in the solemn ceremony at which we have assisted here to- day the plenitude of the priesthood of Christ has been conferred by the consecrating cardinal archbishop as truly and as validly as it was conferred by St. Peter on Clement at Rome, by St. John on Polycarp at Smyrna, by St. Paul on Timothy at Ephesus, or on Titus at Crete, or on any other of those prelates of whom he said that the Holy Ghost hath placed them bishops to rule tho church of God. THE POWERS CONFERRED UPON A BISHOP. To realise the full significance of this solemn ceremony, we must remember that the episcopal consecration, according to the Teaching of St. Thomas, like all other sacred orders, imprints a character; it confers a power, it imposes an obligation. It imprints a character which shall never be effaced, and which raises the recipient above all earthly dignities and makes him a prince of the Kingdom of God. It con- fers a twofold power — potestas ordinis and potestas jurisdictionis — the power of order and the power of jurisdiction. The potestas ordinis is a power in comparison with which all the powers of earth fade into in- significance— a power of which it is not easy to speak without seeming to use the language of exaggeration ; and vet it is a power which human language fails to express, human thought fails to comprehend. Not only has the bishop the essence of sacerdotal power over the real Body of Christ in Blessed Eucharist— the power, namely, of continuing in the name of Christ, or, to speak more correctly In the Person of Christ, the self-same sacrifice which He con- summated on Calvary — not only has the bishop this stupendous power in its essence, but he has it also in its completeness and perfection. The simple priest has indeed the essence of sacerdotal power, but he cannot communicate that power to another. But the Church of God comes, and by raising the priest to the dignity of bishop completes and perfects the sacerdotal order in him and extends his power and his authority. He then receives the tre- mendous power of being able by the imposition of his bands and by the breath of his consecration to perpetuate the ministry of Jesus Christ by the ordination of priests and the consecration of bishops — the power to imprint on the soul of his fellow-man the eternal character of priest- hood, to confer on him the power of forgiving sins, and of commanding the Eternal Son of God to come down from heaven and to hide Himself beneath the sacramental veils on our altars. Oh, startling power, to use the words of St. Augustine "at which the Heavens are astonished, hell is in terror, the devils tremble and the high angels bow down in lowly reverence." But besides this awful power the bishop has many other special ones. He has tho power, as the apostles of old, to call down the Holy Ghost from heaven on the faithful and to per- fect the Christian character by the indelible mark of confirmation. He alone can conse- crate the holy oils and sacred chrism so much used in the administration of the sacraments. He alone can consecrate the altar whereon the immaculate Lamb is daily offered up for the sins of mankind. He alone can consecrate the church wherein dwelleth the Holy of Holies. By the potestas jurisdictionis the bishop acquires authority over the mystic body of Christ, which is His Holy Church. The simple priests succeed to the seventy-two disciples ; and as such they have power over the real body of Christ in the Blessed Eucharist ; but they can exercise no power over the mystic body, except what is delegated to them by the bishops. Whereas, the bishops, as a body, succeed to the College of the Apostles, and as such, in union with the Pope, they constitute the Hierarchy of tbe church. They take their place in the general councils of the church to bear testimony to the unity of faith, to assist the Supreme Pontiff in the government of the church, and to issue in union with him authentic and in- fallible decrees regarding the deposit of Reve- lation. THE POPE'S AUTHORITY. With regard to the bishop's diocese, the Pope alone can designate its limits and appoint a bishop thereto, and without this appointment the bishop cannot validly exercise any epis- copal jurisdiction. Once, however, he is ap- pointed he is not the mere vicar of the Pope. He must indeed, according to the solemn oath he takes at his consecration, be ever in union with the Supreme Pontiff ; but whether his jurisdiction comes to him directly from God or directly from the Pope — a very vexed question among theologians— certain it is that once he has acquired that jurisdiction be governs his diocese in his own name and by divine authority. EPISCOPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. The bishop is the chief pastor of his diocese, and as such is the source of diocesan authority — legislative, judicial and executive, He has to rule his flock with mildness and firmness, and is answerable to God for the souls of all com- mitted to his care. He has to make laws for the guidance of his priests and people. He is their judge in all ecclesiastical matters. He has to enforce the observance of the canons of the church and the statutes of the diocese. He has to correct abuses, to punish offenders, and to ward off from the flock those who come in the garb of sheep but who are inwardly ravening wolves. In virtue of the apostolic commission of teaching he is the chief preacher in his diocese, and no priest can preach without his permission. He must provide especially for the religious educa- tion of the little ones of the fold. And where the civil power either entirely or partially ex- cludes the influence of the church from the schools, it becomes the duty of the bishop to endeavor by every means in his power to estab- lish schools where secular teaching is not op- posed to the principles of faith. Finally, ho is wedded to his diocese by the most sacred bonds, which the Pope alone can sever ; and if needs be, be is bound like his divine Master, the Good Shepherd — the model »of all Pastors — to lay down his life In defence of his flock. Such, then, is tbe Catholic bishop, the successor of the Apostles, the representative of Christ — such his dignity, such his power and such his duty. And, thanks be to God, and to the abiding in- fluence of the Holy Ghost, the bishops of the church have, as a body, ever proved themselves worthy of their exalted dignity they have ever been faithful to their sacred trust. BLACK SHEEP. Let me not be misunderstood. I am not going to indulge in sentiment. I do not deny that there have been bishops who were unworthy of their sacred office and unfaithful to their sacred trust — pastors on whom the Lord Himself, by the mouth of the prophet, pronounced a terrible woe—" Woe to the shepherds of Israel that fed themselves . . . you drank the milk and you clothed yourselves with the wool, and you killed that which was fat, but My flock you did not feed. Behold, I Myself will come upon the shepherds and 1 will require My flock at their hands." I do not deny that at times great abuses have arisen and grave scandals have occurred. I do not deny that there was a Judas among the twelve; that there was an Arius at Alexandria,a Nestorious at Constantinople, a Donatus in Numidia, and a Cranmer at Canterbury. But take them all in all, during the long history of the church, and say whether there has ever been another body of men who, for exalted virtue, for devotedness to duty, for untiring zeal in promoting the general interests of mankind, can be compared with the bishops of the Church of Christ. MITRED HEROES. To recount the names of those prelates that were eminent for every virtue in a heroic degree would be to call the roll of the most illustrious saints on the calendar of the Church of God. Their zeal in tho onerous duties of tending the flocks committed to their care is a matter of history and of every day experience which extorts admiration even from their very enemies. Nor have they been less con- spicuous in exposing themselves to danger — to banishment, to loss of earthly goods, to imprisonment, aye, thank God, even to death itself — when the defence of their flocks re- quired it. Who can count the number of those who are honored in the calendar under the double title of bishop and martyr? It is a well-known fact that for years the bishops of Rome— from Peter to Sylvester — almost without an exception sealed their faith with their blood. And as it was at Rome, so was it throughout the world. The first and most vio- lent fur of the storm of persecution has ever fallen upon the bishop. " Strike the shep- herd and the sheep shall be scattered" has at all times been the motto of the persecutors of the church. But all the rage; of tyrants could not daunt their courage, till the tortures of the exe- cutioners could not render them unfaithful to their sacred trust. "Know you not," said Modestus, the Roman Prefect, endeavoring to intimidate St. Basil, "Know you not that my power extends to confiscation of goods, to banishment, to torture, and to death?" The reply of the intrepid bishop, which may be taken as an index of the spirit that animated the prelates of the ancient church, deserves to to be written in letters of goid. " If," said the saint, "you can threaten me with anything more terrible, do so ; for none of the things you mention give me the least uneasiness. Where the cause of God and religion is at stake we bishops overlook everything, and regard God alone. Your fire, daggers, wild beasts, and burning pincers, in this cause, are our choice and our delight. You may threaten, you may torment, but you cannot overcome us." WHAT THE BISHOPS HAVE DONE FOR CIVILISA- TION AND LEARNING. Nor was it only for the spiritual interests of their people it only for the spiritual interests of Everything that tended to the social advance- ment and happiness of mankind found in the Catholic bisliop a promoter, a patron, a guardian. Is it not a matter of history that the exertions of the Catholic bishops, collec- tively and individually, gradually prepared the way for the abolition of slavery ? And does not every schoolboy know that the great palla- dium of English liberty, the great basis of the English Constitution — the Magna Charta— was wrested from the hands of a tyrant by Stephen Langton, the Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury ? Speaking of the influence of Catholic bishops on European civilization, the celebrated Protestant historian, Guizot, after a careful survey of facts, has made this candid admission— that the kingdoms of Europe and their civilisation were mainly the work of Catholic bishops. With regard to the ad- vancement of learning, it seems almost super- flous to say that Catholic bishops were always among its foremost patrons and benefactors. A GRAVE CHARGE REBUTTED. And yet it is not only said, but often taken for granted by a certain class of writers and speakers, that" Catholic bishops are afraid of learning and science and that they arc on prin- ciple opposed to intellectual pursuits. Read many of the leading journals of the present time and see whether this is not the impression they endeavor to convey. But do these writers forget, or do they wilfully ignore the fact, that before the Reformation there were no less than 66 universities in Europe, each attended by thousands of students, and that everyone of these 66 universities owes its existence, not merely in part, but in a great measure to the influence and munificence of Catholic bishops? Do they forget that even within the small territory of the states of the church, where episcopal influence was naturally paramount, there were no less than six flourish- ing universities ? To say nothing of the other great feats of learning that flourished before the Reformation, do they forgot that Oxford owes not only its existence but its greatness to Catholic bishops ? That of the 10 colleges, of which its consists, 14 were founded before the Reformation, and that of these 14 every one was either founded or richly endowed by Catholic bishops ? That Magdalen College, " one of the noblest structures of the learned world," was founded by William Patten, Bishop of Win- chester? And that Christ Church College, the most famous of them all, was founded by the princely munificence of Wolsey? Those famuous schools survey through Europe wide. From Albion's plain, where Cam and Isis glide ; And name but-one from Seythia to the west, By priests unfounded or by priests unblest. OPPOSITION TO PURELY SECULAR EDUCATION. It is true, indeed, that they are opposed, and over will be opposed, to that system of educa- tion which does not recognise God, and which teuds, directly or indirectly, to sap the founda- tions of religion and morality. And neither throats, nor slander, nor calumny, nor persecu- tion will ever move the hierarchy of the church to adopt, to accept or to approve a system of education which they believe to be dangerous to the spiritual and eternal interests of those committed to their care. But true education — education which recognises the spiritual nature of man, and his duties and obligations in the supernatural as well as in the natural order- education which trains the intellect without neglecting the will and the affections, will ever find, as it ever has found, its warmest advocates and its staunchest supporters in those whose first duty is to teach the nations. In addressing an Australian audience it is quite unnecessary to refer to the virtues and labors of those whom the Holy Ghost has placed amongst us to rule the Church of God on these distant shores. THE COLONIAL EPISCOPACY. Bishops in these colonies are brought into closer intercourse with their flocks than bishops in other lands, and all know what manner of men they are. In journeying often, in perils of waters, in perils in the wilderness, in labor and painfulness, in much watchings, besides those things which are without, they daily instance their solicitude for all the churches. Who suffers and they do not suffer; who is scandalised and they are not on fire? The example of their lives is for all who know them a burning and a shining light; and have they not, by their firm- ness and constancy, already given proof that, where the cause of God and the interests of their flocks are at stake, neither calumny, nor slander, nor misrepresentations, nor threats, nor the wily machinations of statesmen, nor unjust laws will ever make them swerve from their sacred duly or render them unfaithful to their sacred trust? The solemn ceremony we have witnessed here to-day is a source of consolation to every true child of the Church of God. THE VITALITY OF THE CHURCH. It is consoling to us to see here one of the many proofs of the vitality of that Church. Nineteen hundred years have well nigh passed away since she first commenced her mission to the nations. During that time the world has seen many changes. Empires and kingdoms and dynasties that seemed destined to last for ever are forgotten. The old civilisation has given place to the new— with its new customs, its new institutions, its new forms of thought, its new religions. But the Church of Christ, the only existing institution that links these two great ages of civilisation together, remains, and remains not in the decrepitude of old age, not "a mere antique," but, according to the admission of her enemies, as fresh, as vigorous, as young as she was on the first Pen- tecost 19 centuries ago. We see her still send- ing forth to the very ends of the earth her missionaries, zealous as those that landed in Kent with St. Augustine or on the shores of Ireland with St. Patrick. We see her founding new dioceses and erecting new hierarchies in lands the very existence of which a few genera- tions back was unknown to the civilised world. It is consoling to us to see the ranks of the Australian episcopate strengthened to-day by the accession of two worthy priests taken from the Australian priesthood— one of thorn in every respect the worthy son of the great Augustine (whose feast, by a happy coin- cidence, falls on to-day)— of that great saint who is at the same time the glory and model of the episcopate, the great fight, the great Father, the great pillar of lire Western Church; the other a zealous, prudent, hard- working, learned, exemplary, devoted mission- ary, beloved by all that know him, both priests and people— both of them children of that race on whom the apostolic spirit, of St. Patrick seems to have rested — of that race that has never ceased to send forth her missionary sons to east and to west, to north and to south — of that race the names of whose missionary priests and bishops, us an eloquent living writer says, are found inscribed on the mountains of Switzer- land, on the plains of Italy, on tbe cities of the north. THE NEW BISHOPS. Take, then (continued the preacher, address- ing the newly-consecrated prelates), most rev. Fathers, your high commission which to-day has been conferred upon you by the Holy Ghost, of whom you are this moment filled. Go forth as ambassadors of Christ, as high priests of His Church, to teach, to guide, to rule those flocks committed to your cave by His Vicar on earth. Fear not the onerous burden that is placed upon you— a burden formidable even to angelic shoulders. You have the sacramental grace of your office to strengthen you, you have a loving and a zealous priesthood to second your efforts and to share your Labors, you have the abid- ing influence of the Holy Ghost to enlighten, to guide, to console you ; you have above all the prince and chief of pastors to strengthen and sustain you. Hold, then, the form of sound words, guard the sacred deposit of faith which has been com- mitted to you, rule with mildness and firmness, labor as good soldiers of Christ Jesus, fight the good fight," Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole flock, wherein tho Holy Ghost hath placed yon bishops to rule the Church of God," so that, when the term of your labors is at an end, when you shall have to resign your staff receive from the Prince and Chief of Pastors an incorruptible crown of glory. The musical arrangements were under the management of Mr. J. A. Delany, the con- ductor of the choir, and they were very effec- tively carried out, Mr. T. P. Banks, the organist, giving specially valuable aid. On the entry of the procession at the beginning of the service, the " Ecce Sacerdos Mag- nus" (Behold the Great Priest) was sung by the full choir in chorus, and at the conclusion of the consecration Romberg's splendid "Te Deum" was effectively given in the same manner. The music during the Pon- tifical High Mass (of which the Cardinal Arehibishop was the celebrant) was as fol- lows "Kyrie," "Gloria" and " Credo," Mozart No. 2; " Sanctus" and " Beneuictus," Weber, in G; " Agnus Dei" (chorale), Van Bree No. 2 : " Offertorium," sung by Madame Merz ; Luzzi's "Ave Yerum." While the congregation were leaving the cathedral Delany's brilliantly fes- tive "Triddiun March" was grandly played on the organ, a lilting termination to the imposing service of the day. American Organs are now looked upon as a necessity and enter into the furnishing of most houses. Among so many manufacturers it is hard to select the best, and all aim to beat their competitors. The Wilcox and White Organ Company with this object constantly before them are untiring in their efforts to produce as near perfection as possible, and their increasing business goes far towards proving that the public verdict is for them. Their latest styles are being exhibited by their Australian Agent, F. B. Wheeler, at 6 Queen's-pace, and Catalogues may be obtained from him. 