GENERAL EXTRAO /V i \^RremOKiii tl»e tti-oifleot'-which lately bafel Madame Janausohek, the Chicago 'Times snys " Po«V':-old . Maoa.rie JanauBcbek has pnally fwpjft* colmi. batioa " tohfic long cftroel* of diauwter ID a fall wbioh wilt lay her up for'many mpotha., It iWas,, a i cruel blow,., .For. many,years aho hsis had, the c^re pf iuBjjpe,,buaband,'..tp; Jwhom :sbe ,has ex hibited bo unwavering' devotion, cariug. for him in persou in plapo of Bending him to some tpwper establishment; to be supported by' the pdbiio. Tb» oare has .weighed' heavily tin her timeand Btddies,1 and; thus. lias' materially add unfavourably'" affected" her 1 o.r'tiBtic labours. ' So': valued haa been ;th's great artiBt by! the public, Bd. ninth-, peiichable her private ' life, " bo hdh6ured::08 a:wife t»nd woman, so ele vating in her life as an actress, thht the world oertainly owea.her a debt of gratitude." At-Pitfcabargi America, an; accident occurred a'f the, Edgar Thompson Steel Works, by whielv; five men i were BO' horribly,"burned tbat/ they^ will- die'.1 Fiirnace B was blown - out afew dnysj ago, and a gang of men began clean ing it out. An arch had formed, com., posed of ookn and other" materials, which was still at red heat! - As some ' of the men were'Workihg' beneath this i mass,-without-warning: the arch gave ! way. The red-hot mass was thrown in all directious, koooking the i men dopn, kud,5inisamb instances,^almost burying them. In a short.time the debris was removed, andijBveimen were taKen^out ? with tbeir clothing burned from their bodies and their flesh literally cooked. Three have,died.; ? -. ... , j 'A 't^aW ontiie Mexioan' Natidua) Railroad ran over and killed a Mexi can near Patsecuarp... Friends of .tbe., dead man undertook* to'retaliate,laud put a big rock pn.a carve. , The engine of the:'paBkdnger'irain strackit, and an American engingeer was injured and a Mexioan fireman killed. .. The jpfe. politico sent a aquad of Mexican gen dar.tnes, with iustruotpus -,tp ..bring ,iu; , every person suspected of any com plicity whatever with the orimiual act.j Tbiry three arrests were ,made., The, investigation'rescnted ih' the selection' if three ;viotiniB, and sentence, was.im.i mediately passed. Shortly after sun rise the three were marched to tbe' scene, ,of the disaster, ,stoo<l up.r beforp. ad adobe wall, and' Bhot by a file of soldiers. The corpses lay for some time' where they fell, as a warning to train wreckers, and were subsequently buried near the soene of the wreck. I I'llE Chicago Times of May 24 re-, . lates that at Oskaloosa, Iowa, ;Wil iiairi.Andrews, .an amateur balloonist,. w'tie killed that evening about 6.30 o'clock. He bad a bot-air 'balloon,, about 20 x 40 feet in!':size. . Wheu1 ioosened it shotinp with great rapidity ibotit 700 feet,-when .-a-.current- carried it westward immediately oviDr- High ? AyeouCj'l a .dietauce "qf i three., blocks,; when it.took .fire. ,. Andrews wpstdu. a: trapeze 10 feet below the balloon, and was Been to climb nearly to tha tnouth, as.vyas, supposed, tp attempt to, putiout {he 'fire.-, -"Very: Boon, : however, tbe balloou collipsed, and tbe doomed man fell upon the roof of a business .block near the public square. His body was crushed beyond reopgnilion. $b.e jw:_ the streets were filled by thousands of people, mostly..! women! .and. .children.'. The sight was a terrible one, and oo caaioned,. intposer.expi^eujenti ;lSome ladies, faintod; and many .others .had to beicarried,liome.-Tj y,< ? i.. . , ,Thb GI.eve, .correspondent,i of the SoutJi Australian,'.Adpfrlker,}.under; date Juno ,19,.tells'thp, foilo.wjng yarn ;. 4-i" V7e bave a dog 'story bore whioii has exalted almost as much curiosity as ihe'Ttinyarrie' gbo'sfc story," 'A'sheep farmer of this place caught a dog worry ing: his sbeep^and' after'bavingi bean requested by t b e o w n e r._ t o _ a h o o t t h e a'ept;edfl|oFT ^ tieithg onima}' ttf-altree,'. ind standing about 10 feet off fired, the charge striking the dog fair between | the eyes. To make a sure job of it, as betboughtj bd sinaShed-the dog's-head1 about with lumps of rook. Oue eveu ing, aftep,feeing apparently dead.',fori 12. , days, the t dog reyived sufficiently,,-to I make'tis ,way home, to . his.' ma?.tbr.'p placej wbfire,' afi may bo 'imaginecl, .he' | w'asrexamined 'very minutely, to' tnuke sure that be was not the ghost of the dog'that) .wasfkilled., - But it was .the" actual dog, and tbe animal appears to be as well as ever, although his skull is slightly out of shape, uud he bears the; marks ,wbere-.-25 grains of shot enteifed/tis./orebeadi'f \J . / f 