Lismore 'Letter. '-.??. THVBSDAY, MASCH 10. POSTPONEMENT OF SHOW.-The Committee of the Lismore Agricultural Society have decided to further postpone the Show until April 28 and 23. They have come to this determination from the appearance of continuous wet weather which now exists, and the impossibility of the roads being in anything like traversable condition, or the Show ground in a fit state for tho purpose by the end of this month, ns it was hoped it would be. Some of the Committee were in favonr of holding it on the 24th Moy, but it was objected that this was too far on in the winter, nnd also that it would separate it from the Casino Show by too great an interval. These postponements are not desirable when they can be avoided, but I oannot see what alternative they had in this instance, tho season has been such an exceptional one, A GHOST 1 OR WHAT ?-Tho last sensation in Lismore is a ghost, or troublesome or troubled spirit, which has been kioking up a row in the house of one of our residents here, to the great terror of the inhabitants and their neighbours. " Prom information received " (polioemanoially speaking) I send tho following particulars of what certainly seemB a very puzzling and inexplainable phenomenon :-On last Thursday night, at about half-past 9 o'olook, Mrs. W. Knight, who occupies a small wooden oottago at the corner of Woodlark and Molesworth streets was startled by hearing someone knock against tho wall of the building! She called out " Who is there 7" but got no reply. She then said, "Well you might give one an answer ?" nt the same time going , to the door and opening it. To her annoyance and surprise there was no one visible, se after again asking who was thero the went inside. The knooking was repeated and further examination made, but no one'oould be seen. ? As Mrs. Knight's husband was away from home, sho began to fool rather alarmed, still she seems to have thought some one was perpetrating a foolish i practical joke. Subsequently ; Constablo Konnedy was passing, and being told, he went" round the place to look for Borne " larrikinB," but could find none. He then carno inside, and going into a dark room so as not to betray his'where- abouts, he looked out through a ohink in the weather boards, cxpeoting to BOO the "joker." Suddenly and without warning, several loud and firm raps wore made upon the wall a fow feet from him. The effeot was instantaneous, it made tho delf on the shelves rattle, and it made the constable feel a blt white. He is not afraid of' ordinary .flesh and blood, and is a pretty determined little fellow, but he has not yet had to handcuff or tako into custody any of tho. spirit fraternity disembodied, hones his surprised 'A'neighbour, who heard tho knooking and wflS_disfcurbed by it, came in and ho went to ono-'ftifleTCW. tho wall, whioh ia a Bingle weather- board one,, while Constable Kennedy Btopped on the other side, and there, as they stood watching, the rapping was again repeated with startling distinct- ness, the very spot where the blows seemed to fall oould'be pointed out, "about 3 feet from the floor and 8. bili feet from the door on the base wall," so they «ay|,but nothing waa visible to aooount for the effeot. .The constable again searched round the houao and beneath it, ho used Borne terrible threatB if he only got hold of this knocker, but in spite of all, it'dame again and rapped defiantly oh the same wall. "That night and a'oouploof nights subse- quently people watohed pretty well all through tho dark, ?hours, No one could bo detected, and yet now and again tho blows carno in rapid anooesaion and' witn force. As may bo imagined, Mrs, Knight in her position, with n iob of little ones and her husbnnd absent, was very much,,upset and quite, ill for. a day or, two. Mr. Knight,, who barrio home on tho.Saturday, says that during.tho night he got up two or'three times,'going out in tho wet to try and find ont'tho author of tho trick,', but ho'had his tramp'in the wind and"wet for his pains, for no ono was to be found. Altogether the affair isa mystery, and some are disposed to regard it as a 'sort of warning or ' spiritual, '.intimation Vof an important ovont, probably a death in tho family. 'Now that the,'mattor is definitely dooidad, and, Mr, Crouoh'sseat secured, perhaps those who were eagerly trying to find the lover with which' to~cap sizB him will rest a whilo. ; Certainly, at least one of the defeated ones " took his gruel " very badly. He has kept up a continuous complaint of bad treat- ment--by - misrepresentation and otherwise-ever slnoe the campaign opened. Many persons " think .the complaints'were used merely'as capital in the course of .the candidature: in order, to eeoure Oym-J pathy. from borne of the oleotors, anyway, one must be vory thinakinned and sonsa ti ve to publio opinion, to complain openly on the hustings and through the press of every remark mado-^-eome of thom privately : -rand of a gen oral -want of appreciation by one's neighbours.-" '' " ' ' '' , I THERE is a great stagnation ..in'.business all through the district at present. ;..', V-i ... i r,,, -. - 