THE GREAT WORLD. A NOVEL. BEIKG THE CONFESSIONS AND STRANGE EXPERIENCES OP THE HON. ERIC YORKE. BY JOSEPH HATI02J, Author of "Clytie," "CruelLondon," "Thraa KecruitF," " John Needhatn's Double," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special* arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER VII.-"THE REASON "WHY. ' I most go back seven years to let you into my secret reason, for disliking Mr. Lof tu» Kennett. You know on what grounds or want of grounds I suspect hia honesty; I should rather say on what misanthropical doubts I have built a secret theory of his associa tion with the criminal classes: Perhaps it is the possession of a slight faculty for literary story telling that has been detrimental to Kennett's character in my moments of castle building and in vention. I am not a professional novelist, Nor did I write the book about "Society," with which some of my friends credit me. But I have written a novel in my time, and I remember how the leading characters took hold of me; how they occupied my attention; how they con tinually obtruded their most real indi vidualities upon me at- all hours, inter posing themselves between me and my everyday work, starting up during my conversations with friends, meeting me en- the stairs, walking with me in the streets, and. in fact haunting me. Now Kennett is doing just this kind of thing. But he is a reality, though I have never spoken to him. Moreover, he is a thorn in my memory. Not that,he knows it. Bnt she knows it-that oncaglorious and divine she^ And I have always en couraged doubts about the sincerity of his public acts. But until Phelim O'Neil looked up into my face with his dying eyes and whispered, " Say that,you knew me at the Cape and that I made a con fession to you-and see that'Mr. Kenneth keeps his word," I had never allowed even my enmity, my jealousy, or my imagination to blacken his character. I wonder what fate'has in store for me qua- Keimett. My experience is that one's mind does not get- filled with thoughts and: specula tions about another^ does not have hitn start up like Banquo's ghost at Macbeth's feast without there is something in.it. But let me at once confide to you the primary, cause, of my hating this distin guished financier, banker, and philanthro pist. In doing so I may perchance cast a lurid light on the character of the ''professional' beauty " and leader of society whom my friends were discussing last night.. At the: same time I shall win for myself either your sympathy or contempt. The simple truth is that: Mr. Loftus Kennett was my successful rival for the hand of Agues Trevor, the: then young and fascinating widow of Harold Trevor. And my failure in that affair is the.defeat of .which 1 have previously spoken. Yes, itwaB a-first love, though Agnes was a widow. The romance of my life then is my at tachment for a widow, and a widow whose career had been anything but romantic, as you shall learn; Yet she was to me all that; the most sentimental lover could desire. If she had had the; experience of Cleopatra^ she would in my then frame of mind have seemed as unsophisticated as Miranda herself. To-day even when I sit down and think of our first meeting, and the joy with which I contemplated our possible union, I feel a touch of the old romance in my heart and brain. I thought I had only to propose formally to be acceptedi. She had encouraged me to think so. I had received letters from her full of tender suggestiveness, mutual friends smiled knowingly when they saw ua together. I had only, known her a few months. But in that time she filled my life and soul. I; met her first atDufroys. It was a dance. In those' days I enjoyed that kind of entertainment: Agnes Trevor waa the-most, beautiful woman, present. Indeed' 1 thought her the most lovely woman in the world the firat moment I saw her. I had met many a charming gill-many a pretty woman-before, but none like this: living Greek, for that is what Bhe was. The something cold and statuesque in her beauty, which I heard others criticise as its. only fault, was to me its most divine attribute. But.I do not propose to say any more, about, that first meeting, and thepanga and pleasures of first love, not only be cause my hero, Godfrey Jessop,, when. we. come to him, has to undergo this kind of romantic and sublime measles, but for artistic and personal reasons. My " grand passion" is over, and you will be more interested in the scene which ended it rather than In my first meeting with Agnes Trevor. The pain of it has not left me, but it is no longer acute, it is a du31 memory, an incident nevertheless that I shall never forget; and as it lead3 up to other developments in this narrative of the lights and shadows that have from time to tiine fallen upon those days of light and leading, I shall' recall the details of it, though they harry my soul as with a red hot ploughshare. Facts that came to my knowledge after my defeat enable me to make the story of it complete; and the practice of getting outside myself, as it were, to criticise my own shortcomings and to commend what my judgment may pronounce to be vir tuous in my conduct, shall ensure an impartial and truthful narrative. It was the winter season at Brighton. Lucky. Brighton, which, in common with, death, has all seasons for its own. During the summer humble folk avail themselves of the Brighton beach, piers, baths,, and. downs. In the late, autumn and.the- winter Brighton is the centre of fashion*. By the time the Lord Mayor's show begins to receive, its preliminary puffs in the London newspapers half the peerage ia represented among the crowd that oBcillateB in splendid equipages be? tween the extreme points of Brighton's carriage drive by the-sea. King'a-road, the- grand marine parade of this city by the sea^ is the Begent street and Bond street of London with, the wide ocean roll ing up to the kerbstones. London was cold and misty. Brighton waa gay and sunny. It was January. There was: skating in the park. Great blccka of ice were floating down the Thames, But at Brighton, only an hour away by express, it was-a spring day. Mrs. Harold Trevor, with her little daughter Helen, aged nine, had taken a suite: of rooms overlooking the, King's road,, and had hired a handsome- carriage and pair of brown ponies which had for mere than a week been the joy of the paj!ade; The equipage was more or less sombre, as; became a widow, but bright in its shfnicg silver mounting, rich in. its sable rugs, noticeable for its tiger in the Trevor livery, and generally suggesting only what milliners all "halfimourning," as became a widow who was' young an pretty. Agc^a, with her little girl by- her]jaide, drove with grace and skill, guiding her high1 stepping ponies, deftly in and out of the procession of carriages ; and [many a critical eye followed with admiration and many another-with envy and its accom panying uncharitableneBS. I had. gpne- down- to Brighton deter mfried to propose to this beautiful.woman, and I think 1 had been encouraged in my hopes of success by the welcome I had' always received from her little daughter Helen-a sweet and beautiful child of a different type of beauty altogether from her mother. I nerer dreamed that I had a rival. My heart gained courage whea I found Agnes not only alone, bub more than usually thoughtful. She was nerer senti mental in her conversation, and rarely In what I would call a serious mood. She was not particularly vivacious, but she had always a smiling face and a pleasant word for me. This bright winter morning, seven years ago, Bhe received me kindly as usual; but she,seemed thoughtful and preoccupied. I somehow, as I have said, found en couragement In this, and presently with her hand in mine and looking into her calm-eyes I made my manly avowal and asked her to be my wife. She withdrew her hand and rose to her feet as she said with singular composure My dear Eric, yesterday 1 think I would have said yes, and taken the chances of; the happiness you offer me, but " " Let me recall yesterday," I said Inter rupting her, " and it shall be my hope and ambition in life to make you happy." " It is impossible," she answered in a voice that sounded strangely calm, and looking back I can contrast it with my own broken and agitated utterance. " Impossible ! Why ? Love and courage can accomplish all things. Love is courage. Set me a task, ask me to wait, send me on some tremendous mission that shall make the winning of you heroic, and leave the rest to me. But don't turn my devotion to despair. I love you with all my heart and soul." " Don't be foolish, Eric. I thought you were a man of the: world," shesaid. "I don't know what a man of the world is," I replied. " If it Is,a man who has seen the world I am s manof the world j but if it is a man who cannot love a woman, and is not ready to work for her, slave for her, die for her, I am not a man of the world." We were standing face to face, she pale but perfectly self-possessed, and I was. flushed, and hot and distressed.. " You are a good fellow, I know," was* the prosaic reply, "too good, for me, and I am a woman of the world. I began life sentimentally, I think, or how could I have married Julian Trevor ? Ah, if we had met ten years.ago !" '' Let us wipe < out those ten years ? and say.we meet-now for the first tiine." " Wipe, them, out! My, dear Eric,, I sometimes try to forget them, but now that he is dead and I am free, I remember them'every hour and wonder that I am alive-and free." I felt the chill of her words more perhaps under the influence of. the change in her voice and manner than even ,at the-, undisguised pleasure with which she referred to the death, of her husband. " Considering the humiliations to which he subjected me, his cruelty, his brutality, I wonder that I did not do him. a mischief for which I should have been put itx prison." She stepped aside and began to pace the room. "I left him twice," she continued. " He followed me, broke up my home, and the law allowed him. He was a drunkard and a coward. His truth was falsehood, his love a blister, his name a curse; Had it not been for a kind of. motherly duty I felt towards our child, I think I could have killed him." This was the first time I had seen her really moved, aud it was only momentarily; It passed quickly; it. reminded me of lightning in a snowstorm. I stood and watched her and admired her, though, she, unsexed herself in this unwomanly attack upon the dead. While' giving vent to her real feelings there was, I feel, now, a certain amount of diplomacy in her outbreak. She wished to disgust me, Instead of' which she only inspired me with a Quixotic desire to make up to her for the miseries she had endured. Whether I would have, been thus in fluenced had she been less, handsome is a question no one can decide. She' was then a beautiful woman of 26 (had married at 16), and her soft crape gown and coquettish widow's cap became her. She was a fair woman* with perfect features-low forehead, arched eyebrows, blue eyes, straight nosey and lips that were firm and well-formed. The mouth is the surest indication of character. Lips that close easily and closely denote firmness, the fleshly lip is sensuous, the sharp drawn lip is avari cious. Agnes. Trevor was a woman of a courageous temperament, firm, vain, avaricious, and she- knew that, she was. pretty. She was of medium height, had a pure complexion, chesnut hair, and a figure that modistes admired and robust women envied. "I wonder a man of your sentimental, character would care to marry a widow," she said, suddenly, changing from a pas sionate (more simulated, I am inclined bo think, than.real) denunciation other dead husband to a profession of consideration for her suitor. "Men do not reason where they love, and if they did it would come to the same thing in the end. You sealed my fate the first moment I saw you." "And it seems only a moment ago since we firat met," shesaid. "It Is five months." "So long?" " Ah, Agnes, don't be cruel with me, I am not a fool. You are playing a part. You are trying to put me off. You are afraid to trust me. You are discounting my professions by your own sad ex perience." " No, Mr. Yorke, I am not. I tried to tell you just now that if yesterday you had offered me yourself and that settle ment of £500 a year, small as it is in com parison with my ambition, I think I Bhould have said yes. Do you know why ? Because Helen likes- you, and I like Helen, and I have noticed that the men and women who attract her are better than those who do not. But when Trevor died and I became once more a free woman, I resolved. What do you think I resolved? To live in single blessedness; the remainder of' my days? No. To marry again, to marry for money, for position, for influence, to: marry a rich man who would to begin with make a settlement upon me that should make me independent of him and everybody. You are not that man;. Yorke. I know you will despise, me, hate: me, perhaps, but I cannot help: it. This*, morning the. rich man stood, where you i are standing now, and offered' me a settle ment of ten. thousand a year. I believe I groaned alondas she weighed my position and proBpecta in the balance with my love ; but when she put into the scale against; me another man who could outbid me in mere money, I only gave a great sigh and looked out seawards as one in a dream. " It is/ best that yon should know all this. I have, stated my case frankly. There is no reason why we should not be friends. Dir. Loftus Kennett is a man of : the world, entertains well, keeps a good stable, sails.his, own yacht, and. he., shall never know that he liad.a,rival." I clutched the back of a chair; She had' laid her hand upon my arm and was look ing into my face. I still: gazed out to sea watching the white sails of a yacht, that was beating gaily down channel. Not that. I knew 1 was watching it; I remember that I saw it and noticed the white track in iu -wake, but my thoughts were intro spective. "Indeed," went on my tormentor, "nobody need know of the. honor you have done me. I will never mention it to a soul; nor need you. Let it be our secret. Forgive me. Forget me if you; will. But I would, rather we con tinued to be friends. What do you say. ? Won't j on speak to me ? What are you looking at ?" " Nothing," I said; " what I shall be locking at for ever, I Buppose." 14 You distress me," she answered. "I hate to see you wretched.. We are not children; let us make the best of oar trouble, not the vroxsL" 1 " Our trouble !" I said, still looking at" her as if I had not quite understood her. " Yes, do yon thinkib ianot a trouble and a misery to me to have had to tell jou what I nave told you ? Do you think it is not a hard thing for me to have- to sacrifice myself to this rich man ¥' " Sacrifice yourself ?" I exclaimed, pacing the room in my turn. " You will drive me mad. What do you mean? You are mistress of your own actions-nobody controls you." "Fate controls me," she said. "For tune controls me. The past controls me. The future controls.' me* I have prayed for such an offer as that I accepted this morning. But do you think I do nob re gret that you, instead of Mr. Loffcua Kennett, had not. been the chosen of fortune ?" I paused and faced her and looked into her face. She bore my passionate, indig nant, and bewildered gaze with perfect sang froid. "Are you in your senses, or have I lost mine?' I said, or word3 to that effect. "I know I have hurt your feelings very much," she said ; " and I am sorry, for I had. begun to love you." " Do you think you know what love is ?" I asked. "I once thought so; but after a ten years' apprenticeship to what is called love I am free to confess that I may not. If it is my lot, as it seems, to make you suffer, don't blame, me; I cannot help it." "I don't think you know what you are saying.. Perhaps I don't hear you aright. I am sure I don't. And if I do, I shall Btill go on loving you, God help me [" " Mr. Yorke, forgive.me ; I.will--1" I was not: listening ta her ; I don't know whether she said'more or whether I interrupted her, but I took up my hat and said "Good-bye, Mrs. Trevor; we had better.not.meet again. "Don't say that-if not for my sake, for Helen's,!' she replied; and. as ahe spoke she rang the bell.. " Let us; be. friends--I have no friends;" She said this with all the. pathos sha couldl must, prompted by a mere flash > of consideration for the' man who had paid her the. greatest compliment can pay to woman; she wished to break hi3 fall, to temper his disappointment with .a sen? timental profession iof friendship, and she confessed to herself that. she. had enjoyed his society. A maid responded to the bell. "'Fine Miss Trevor," said her mistress, " I think she is in; her: room. Say Mr. Yorke wishes to bid" her good-bye^ Now that she had trampled upon my dearest hopes and my fondest-sentiments and had earned my contempt, though 1 only felt hurt and sorry, she was anxious all in a minute to win back my. respect, and not quite to forfeit my love, at least my friendship. She modulated her voice into more than Its ordinary sweetness, she literally purred about the room, and put out all her sisterly fascinations. A woman jilts a man, and them wants to be his siateR. " But where are you going,.Mr.. Yorke?" tiaid a fresh young voice, the owner of which, a serious-looking child of nine, came up to me in a stately kind of way and took my hand. "Only to London, my dear," I answered. " Oh, that is nowhere; you will come back to-morro w ?" "I think not." " But I thought you were going to stay here until mamma returned to town ?" "I thought so too.. But that is all altered now." " What is all altered?" asked the child, looking from one to the other. Mrs. Trevor cast an appealing glance at me, but somehow I felt my heart hardening and made no. responsive sign. ''Everything, dear," 1 said. "Some new arrangements have been made in regard to my movements. I did not make them, dear, but I am obliged to accept them ; so I am going abroad." I sat down, upon a couch and drew her towards me. " And I want to say something serious to you-may I ? You told me one day that you liked to be serious, did you not ?" "Yes," ahe said, her great hazel eyes looking Btraight into mine as I stooped over her: " Mamma permits me to say thia ; that I love, you very much as. & dear little friend, and that I want you to remember if ever yon need any other friend in life besides your mother that you will put me down right deep in your, heart as, that other friend." I took her into my arms and kissed her, she could not speak for a moment, and when she found her voice she could only sob out-" Oh, you dear Mr. Yorke !" Whereupon her mother led her away and bade her go to her room now, and she would come to her presently. Helen turned to look at me as she left the room, her great solemn eyes filled with tears. I kissed my hand to to her and said. "Remember," in a manner that' Mrs. Trevor said reminded her of the farewell of Charles to his Queen in the play. "My dear Eric, you really are too dreadful," she said. "I couldn't have believed that a travelled, clever, philosophic man as you are, could- have been so overcome. And I had quite counted upon it this morning when I accepted the good fortune Providence has sent me, that I should; make you and Mr. Loftua-Kennett friends, and " "D Mr. Loftus Kennett !" I ex claimed, nettled into a fury, which, though it overcame my natural politeness, still left me- sufficiently-master of myself to apologise for the oath.. Not than an oath more or less, mattered much I suppose to Mrs. Trevor, who had been accustomed to hear the late Mr. Harold Trevor make rather free wi-h the expletives which characterises the lan guage of the bar- room and the racecourse. "Good-bye!" I said, quick and sharp upon my apology. "You have certainly done your best to reconcile me to my fate.", _ Hie suggestion of blame which she had cast upon me; the insensibility she ex hibited fn her worldly comments on my sufferings; her attempt to pose as a martyr, pretending that Fate had forced her into the arms of Kennett, while all the time she would have preferred me ; thia did not strike me then as the artful ness of a clever woman who wished to disgust me: and so deaden-my fall;; though. I have sometimes thought, that Bhe did *ot mean all she said. If she did, if on thia day she showed me. the true cha racter of Agnes. Trevor in. her frankest mocd, one may wonder whether after all she did", not seriously influence the career of Harold Trevor; whether her moral obliquity in regard to her own short comings and her horrible habit of blaming everybody except herself for her own faults may not have done much to at least confirm Trevor's habit of seeking'for gctfillness in the bottle. A strange, pretty, selfish, intriguing, contradictory woman. I make no doubt we should have made a miserable couple if she had accepted me. Nevertheless^ even with this thought in my mind and my reason for it, if at this moment I could put back the clock to the day before Kennett proposed for her I would forestall him even now. Love is a. madness, woman a snare, marriage a lottery in which the blanks are many and the prizes few. III had been what society calls a marry ing man, I could have made what society calls a. good match. Bat I am somewhat of a sentimentalist. I do not believe in living on a woman's money, nor until I met Agnes Trevor had I believed in settling down to the responsibilities of an establishment and a wife and family with out being, assured of r my capacity to pro vide the means of sustaining them in com fort, if'not in luxury.. In the-presence of Agnes all these ideas, personal, arrogant, economic, and prudent, ' vanished. I Had bat one thought:, one hope. I would hare married her if she had been as rich as-the mine-owning lady of California, and lived on her money, had elie wished it, so that I might live with her ; or I would have married her if I bad had to slave for her, to sacrifice position, prospects, everything. Love is not an arithmetician, nor a philosopher. The daughter of a drunken father and of such a mother as Agnes Trevor, my little friend Helen might have presented a rare subj ect to the physiologist and student of hereditary influences ; she was not like her mother either in form, feature, manner or disposition. She- was dark, stately, quiet, thoughtful, reflective. Her olive complexion was In harmony with her daik eyes, which for a child were rather deep set, and there was a warm glow of health in her cheeks that deepened about her eyes into a still richer and warmer hue. Her countenance was full of a quiet sensibility, her eyes were bright, and.suggested Btrong but suppressed feel ing. She had a sensitive, generous mouth, and a voice of innate sweetness. Child as she was she had frequently, I believe, exercised a strong influence over her mother, occasionally checking her folly, frequently arguing heroutof some ridicu lous whim. The mother, recognising qualities in the child's character superior to her own, was anxious now and then for the support of her. good opinion upon some line of conduct where she was in doubt as to its wisdom or safety. I have thought in this wise of her since I said " Good-bye " to. her seven years ago at Brighton. But we shall meet again in these pages, and you will be able to judge' her for yourself; meanwhile "sufficient for. the day." I remember how cold and. unsympa thetic the sea appeared, when I left. Brighton and how bright, and sunny and; encouraging it had appeared to jne on my> arrival ; I remember that the sun went down and made no sign; that a wind sprang up in the north ; that coachmen whipped up their horses, at the request of their suddenly shivering masters; that the Old Ship closed its outer doora^agaip-st the rising wind ; that the people-in. the streets quickened their footsteps, as if they too had been rebuffed and were^hurry ing home ; 1 remember that I felt as if Brighton had conspired to make me wretched; that.I was glad to turn my back upon.it; and to listen to the thud, thud, thud of the engine -which whirled, me; back to the great, city where hearts are broken and nobody: tells their trouble,, and where, if they did tell it, nobody would care. (To be.continued,). 