Before the Curtain. LOCALLY there is very little indeed of interest to chronicle in connection with cither the dramatic or lyric stage or the concert platform. As, a matter of fact, our chief entertainment is harbouring pleasant expectations of the good things -which it ought very soon to bo our turn j to receive from the theatres in those lucky southern cities. There the playgoing public is growing fat-indeed, suffering from the em barrassment of riches-while here wc are, 1 metaphorically, of course, artistically starving, and poor to beggary* A pantomime at the Royal and the last days of the Hugo minstrel season completes our list of entertainments, and at this late stage in their careers, neither calls for any further mention. " Nesx week Agrati and Tessero's Acroaiati, an entertainment which took a firm hold on the "public at St. George's Hall, Melbourne, will commence a season at the Gaiety Theatre. The company is by all accounts exceedingly clover, and many very new features are included in the programmes they are in a' position to pre sent. "Mr*. HICEIE'S new theatre is likely soon to be recommenced, a company having, it is understood, been floated in itelbourno to carry on the oonoern. THE Holloways are doing good business at Hobarfe. A college for the training of actors has been founded in Berlin. ' IiEfGABD is playing a short seaaKi at the Grand Theatre, Islington. ItfTga CABBIE Stain", in "The Tomboy," id the 1 wading- theatrical attraction in Adelaide, ~Mn JOSEPH JEFFEBSOV, the Rip Van Winkle of Boucicault'fl play, bag long boen known as a .lever artist. He if row said to be writing a book dealing with memories of stage life. The successful comic opera " Rhoda," re cently produced at the Croydon, has been transferred to the Comedy Theatre, Deane Brande Kate Chard retaining their original parts. A 2fEw operatic star is said to have arisen 'by nftTno Mdlle. Deoca, the daughter of a Washington judge-who recalls Jenny Lind, and is said to have been received with furore in London. TT is stated that "Mira Maty Anderson in tends to visit Tnflifi. next year, and then to re tire into private life. She has sent tho Lord Mayor £525 for transmission to the sufferers at Charleston. TWpq. Bebxabd BEEBE is said to be contem plating a tour of the world a la Genevieve Ward. If she carries out her present plans Mr. E. H. Brookfield will manage the company, and "Masks and Faces," and "Jim the Pen man'* be het pieces de resistance. ? Edwabd A0dba2)) the oomposer of "Mai cotte," has produced a new opera under the title of "Ija Cigale et la Fourmi," at the Gaiety Theatre in Paris with brilliant success. The music is described as " delicious," and its popularity promises to eclipse that of the work which h** the tour of the world. . VTymE- Rank tt Bkbnhjo&DT; contemplates a' rather lengthy tour in America. After leaving Valparaiso, .she will play in most ' of the important towns on the Pacific side of South America. She will then cross Panama and vihifc Havana. From there she will journey to Mexico, R,n^ thence to Washington, -.where ghe is expected hf February 28 next. "A week later she is due at Philadelphia, where pbft Tina up trpyflgpmpnt at the Star Tlteatre to play in " Fedora," " Theodora," "Frou Frou," the " Maitre des Forges." Jt is sarcastically remarked in one of the London papers that Mr. Augustus Harris secured some triumphs of realism by the use of genuine army swords in his "Human Nature" companies. On two occasions, at Burnley, during the great scene betweenCap * +j"ti Temple and Paul de Vigne, the sword t)f one of the combatants snapped close to the hilt. On the first, the blade of Captain Temple's eword flew over the dress circle, within a few inches of the heads of the audience; on the next, Paul de "Vigne was so badly hurt that he was unabla to light for two or three nights subsequently. THE dearth in tenor and soprano voices of the first excellence at present is driving Eng lish musical entrepreneurs to despair. Thus the Gaiety Theatre management was lately -afraid that the new opera, "Dorothy," would have to be abandoned for want of a tenor singer. There had been even a longer hunt for a soprano for a London theatre, where it was notorious that "salary was no object." In this respect America is quite as much at a loss as England. The American)', however, have sent to "Germany for a tenor, and Herr Albert Niemann goes to them for three months at a salary of £3,500. This indudes neither traveling expenses nor cost of living. THZAIEICAJ, affairs in 2few Zealand at the present time are not quite as brisk as they gene rally arc at season of the year, though cer tainly the Opera House in Wellington has been well patronised during ihe season played by . M*Mahon and Leitch s company, who pro duced, amongst«other attractive pieces, the 44Lights o* London," the "The Madman," "Led Astray." "The Librarian" was given on the closing night, after which the company left for Napier, where they are U> play a short season. The Fisk Jubilee Singers have established a favourable reputation in Auckland, where they havo been exceedingly well received, their entertainments proving in jevery sense a complete success. Sydney playgoers are as well caterod ' for. There are six theatres and several TmTfg minor amusement resorts. Tho pantomimes* "The sleeping beauty," at the jtaj&L; and "TfTiittingtonand his cat*" attire Standard, ragf fce said to havo rmly fairly entered on the ca^er they arc meant to run. In the Opera House " Sweatheart" is also a fixture for the season. Tfce fortunes of the new theatre (the Criterion) are s£)l identified with tho ooaio opera of " Fafe/> « wtah Jlias Emelifi Melyalfe %»«* Ver^i haye continued -to exert themselves with credit. Tho " Black pantomime" keeps its place ojithe bill in the Academy of Music. Mr. Sheridan, at the Gaiety, has followed tho melo-drama of "Madeline/* with "Arrah-na-pogno" and "The Shaughraun," tho heroes of both of which pieces ho represents with considerable effect. Miaa Davenport has figurod as Arrah Meelish and as Clare Ffolliott. Iy Melbourne, writes a correspondent, "there are five playhouses now open with a seating capacity of 12,000, besides three concert halls all of them in full blast-tho Exliibition Build ing, the Freemasons' Hall, tho Athewcum, and the Temperance Hall. There is only one pantomime this year, and tliis depends for its attractiveness upon the beauty of tho scenery and the general glitter of its spectacular accompaniments. The story of tho pantomime is taken from * Robinson Crusoe, ^ but the quality of tho writing is not what it should be. At the Opera House 'Little Jack Sheppard' has been produced with much taste and elegance, and at the Alexander Theatro Italian opera is carrying everything before it, and we have had no finer Norma in Australia than Signora Cinti. The new Princess's relies upon 4 Tho Mikado,' and the novelty and elegance of its handsome interior to * pull in the people and at the Bijou Mr. Georgo Darrell has brought out a five-act drama entitled, * Tho New Rush.' " A WHITER in tho World of November 24 gave the following apparently official account t>f Gilbert and Sullivan's *ew opera: "Respect ing tne new Savoy opera, X beg to say that the title is not fixed- The title never is fixed before the last moment. Tho piece is quasi-melo dramatic in character, with a strong super natural flavour in the second act. I must not say what this is. The date of tho pieco is 1810. Tho first act takes place in a seaport village ; tho second in a mansion in tho neighbourhood of that seaport villago. Grossmith and Har rington play strongly contrasted ports of a melodramatic character. Lely plays a man-of war's yrinn. Mr. Temple plays a ghost. Miss Bond is a gipsy girl who has gono mad for tho love of a wicked baronet, Miss Braham a villago girl, and Miss Brandram an elderly sorrow stricken dame. It is expected that the dresses (which are scrupulously exact reproductions of the dresses of 1810) will prove to be a remark- j able feature in tho piece. The costumes of tho j chorus will be worth seeing, and they cost over £1,800. These dresses have been in preparation for some months, and are now approaching completion. I have seqn it stated that the scene of the piece is laid in Egypt, and that its object is to satirise British administration in thatcoun try. I have even read in a well-known journal whatprofesses to be an abstract of tho plot, based upon assumption. Hating, as I do, giving incorrect news, I asked Mr. Gilbert himself. He says: i I have not taken the trouble to con tradict these statements, partly because ^ the matter is of no general interest, but chiefly because I am always pleased to mislead American pirates, who are invariably on the lookout for an opportunity of forestalling us in the United States. I am a8sureduthat an opera on the subject of British administration in Egypt is already in preparation in New York. I have nothing to add, except that I am very glad to hear it, and I hope it is true.'" THE death is announced of Mr. Philip Henry Lee, who was once the husband of the popular actress Adelaide Neilson.-Miss Fortes cue, the young Fnglifth actress, renowned for her lawsuit, her virtue, and her trousseau, has become asocial successinNewYork.-Rciehem berg, the French Ophelia, has made qiiite a new departure in abandoning the traditional white dress of the part, and uses that colour in ffriA marl scene alone. She is said to be the most i pathetic of all tho Ophelias, and a inodel^ for them henceforth.-A daughter of Jenny Lind, said to have a voice almost as wonderful as her j mother's, is to appear in New York shortly.- ; Such mind :ls Lora Lonsdale gives lodgment to is in a 6tute of great perplexity at Violet; Cameron's icy reception in New Tori:, lie is stricken with wonder at the failure of a troupe managed by a lord, stricken with profoiuid astonishment at the unexpected virtue and cleanliness of the American taste, and im potent with rage.-Henry Irving" intends to carry " Faust," with all its elaborate fo.nery. to America in 1837.-Tho most prolific com poser in the world has lately died in \ leuua. His name was Adolf Muller, and during the 84 years of Ids life he is said to have written no less than 4,773 musical works of all sorts. In five years, from 1828, lie wrote for the Theater ander Wiennolcss than 00 short operas, vaudevilles, or parodies. His real name was Schxnid, and he was formerly an opera singer. Miss Jennie "Winston, the Australian singer, who is now in San Francisco, is known in the eastern States as "the girls' prima donna." In Baltimore and Washington battaliuus of gir)s ravo about her, send her flowers and billctsdoux, and are sent into the seventh heaven of raptures by the girl receptions which she occasionally gives.-The Shelley Society s performance of "Hellas" was to take place on Tuesday, November lo. Th<3 lyrical part of the drama had been set to music by Dr. W. C. Selle, who was to conduct his own work. Herr Bandmann and Miss LouiseBeaudet lately rc-appeared with fair, success in "Nareb^e," iu the Tli rd Avenue Theatre, New York. A French dramatic critic, .referring to one of Helen Terry's scenes in "Faust," expressed himself as "shocked" at its impropriety. Coming from a Frenchman, "shocked" is particularly good.-They have peculiar notions of the fitness of things at Niblo's Gardens, New York, where, in a serious adaptation of Sardou's "Theodora," the hero is made to cxclaiin, tf Stiver my stumps!" and "You bet !" while another of dramatis persona, an Egyptian, cries out " Holy mother of oses/"'-Edwin Booth is to play one j^ar longer, apt} then retire.-It is again hinted that at *he fcluse </f her Californian engagement in M0 «P*niJ£ Sirs. Langtry will visit Australia. A terrific riot took place lately at one nf tho autumn pleasure fairs in tho south of England. The owner of tho penny show invitod tho villago lads and hisses to "walk up'' and patfonlse an invisible girl/' tho Blmple tons waxed exceeding..-wroth }jecauaof alter ' paving the'admifision feo/V thoy could not seo the froak.A'Tho Beggaars'C Opera" was re cently revived in London, with 2£r* Sims 1 Hooves 11s Captain Maoboth> a port in which | ho had boen famous may years previously, and ; resumption of which ovoked unstinted j praise for the great English tenor. : j 