MELBOURNE UOSSIP. (from qtr owx correspondent.) Sept. 5. Chronic diBorderliness mitigated by spasms of work has marked the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly this week, but the "terrors" have gained nothing by their action, and there has been sufficient work done to enable us to say the week has not been absolutely wasted. The dramatic episode of it was the screwing of the neck of Mr. Hunt by the Premier. Mr. Hunt is a kind of Irreconcilable in the House, attached to no party and counted by some a sort of man who might describe himself in the words of an old song — " I cares for nobody. 110, not I, And nobody cares for me." Had he the force of character or mental parts of tbe late Sir John O'Shannassy, or the hot headed fire of Kick Fiterald, he would now be the leader of a respectable little party of semi-Fenians in tbe House, and would be able to give voice to the protestations of St. Patrick against tbe Education Act, and discourse freely on Ireland's wrongs and rights. He might hive taken np the mantle which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen let drop when he retired so precipitately from the Assembly, bathe has neither the go nor the mental parts, and so contents himself by glowering at Mr. Duffy from tbe opposite bench, the seats of the twain typifying that dis- union which keeps Ireland poor and discontented. Bat all the same he Is generally one of the well-behaved boys of the Hoase, and his suggestive im putation on Mr. Gillies most therefore be pnt down to what Elton in Dorothy de scribes as a lapsus fungus. That, however, and his general mildness of character didn't save Tom from a dressing, and the friendless politician has & reputation for bitting hard when his monkey is up. Still the whole affair was but an interlude something like what is told of Macready, who used to commence the soliloquy in Hamlet, near the wings, much in this way — "Oh that this too solid, solid flesh would melt.'" (eotto voce) "Boy, bring me another pot of porter." These stage asides are understood in politics aa on the boards. They are bat summer thunderstorms after all. By-tbe-w&y;, it is always the good boys of the Hoase who get the moat unmercifally thrashed by tbe seniors. The masters let the privileged ruffiaas, the chronicdisordcrly ones, and the bullies alone ; bat as soon as a member who Is ordinarily as well mannered as a sheep, transgresses in the smallest par ticular, the lebders of the House turn the seamy side of him without, and hold him np to such scorn and contumely that he goes home In a frame of miod which makes him disinclined t-o face his wife or to let himself in at his own door with his latch-key, and with a determination to get up at milk-time next morning and hide the morning papers from his family. The Patterson speech on tbe Amendiog Education Bill was qoite the feature of tbe week. Commencing with a compliment to his former confrere mid political protegd in Castlemaine be then proceeded to knock him to pieces after tbe manner of an accomplished prize-fighter. Against such heavy artillery as this tbe Professor hadn't the ghost of a chance. It was like a third-rate light weight trying a round with Jack Heenan, or a duel between a toy revolver and a hundred ton gun. The Professor may be elever — some folk think so— bat both as an administrator aud a debater his career is bat a record of dismal failures. The chances are this Bill will be dawdled over, and unless it can be slipped through in a thin Hoase will be laid aside for metal more attractive. Although reviewing other people's works is not correctly the function of a gossip, I am compelled to make an exception in favor of the bright publication issued by Councillor William Little, entitle! ' Ballarat's Birth IS37, Ballarat's Jubilee 1887." Partaking at once of the nature of a guide book, it is written in a style which so combines lightness and interest that one would think the writer's pen had not been a goose quill but a little tuft of eider-down. Bailarat may add to her other boasts that in her Jubilee year she possesses a writer whose pen is at once graceful, original, and humorouB. to such an extent that 1 cannot resist the temptation to cull some extracts to show how a lively fancy may make even history entertaining. This is how he describes the reply of the first colonising white men who camped at Bai larat in August, 1837, Messrs. Learmonth, Anderson, D'Arcy, Dr. Thomson, and others, to the query of the Aboriginals why they had come across the seas to seek their territory : — " The presage is to-day fulfilled, for, with a British psean, here we are, plus our Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock virtues, cum national vices, and the latest germs of the newest diseases. We bring with as the latest, more or less true, old-world histories — prehistoric, ancient, modern. Poor ignorant black ! You know nothing of Charon's bark and Ireland's wrongs ; neither have you read the tales of Homer nor the wit of Mansard. Your young men never wept over the troubles raised by the too -fair Helen, nor have your children over the cots cansed by the mueh-corsed Iindley Murray. Your profound Stygian darkness is seen in yonr disgraceful oblivious ness of the fur unabashed sea-bora Aphro dite on the one hand, and of the more recently great unwashed throng on the other. Your thieving characteristics stand out in all their black, base relief, when pot alongside the white man's primal fairness, and the modern all-round game of grab-alL Your ignorance of refined Greece is only equalled by the. amount of emu fat yon rub opon your' favor ite gins. Your lubra annexees minister in mi&tns; to sensual ease, and yet you know nothing of the- European seraglio. You. batten on blood and roast neighbour, and are. oblivious of bygone human hecatombs offered to appease strange bloodthirsty gods. Your Sabbathless lubra kills ber newborn babe rather than be bothered with many piccaninnies — a' horrid practice, hardly ever found out in Christian parts 1 Your gin slavishly digs np starchy roots with the muwrang-pcfo, and gathers tiie white snail for food, rubs fire-sticks, and makes tiie dome-shaped wurUy ; but our pin rears strong palatial edifices, where some people, at others expense, sooner end their days, freed from such domestic duties. You keep the Ten Commandments— backwards ; and prac tise polygamy, and are in this regard in shameful contrast to the Latter-day Saints of Salt lake City. Your unpardonable ignorance of tbe,.Golden Fleece is as pro nounced as is the activity Of - the vermin which try to accommodate - themselves in yonr scanty attire.' .-Yon are. great iu fan tasies, weather, forecasts, trails, carousals, «nd grunting corrohorees. You know nothing pf the Babes in tiie Wood, but yen do a lot - about (bote in I. tbe atone oven ; jthU8 practically Olustrating the cnlinaiy theory of Dean- Swift, " that a young .-healthy child, . well . . nursed, ' is At , a l most ;dttoq| fiourishing, and Wholesome - food, wbetbep.iwei, .roasted, hslptTboUed'and-.wilLtexye as a ragouL A ffil dyjl I tn liBh'ra .at -an enters- jbadqmmiiYor frinufls, .tbe famfly gdineeal fmetfae Jote pr hindQQazter,will make i and oc-j r rakiopallyh . |ikel 'the r: dropoLlemtmon Jheoyitiaa tn the foUotrr here>he>wdl4oiuformthe 1 "" r'"/ IP tqULT. ' I geographically ignorant in foreign parts that Bailarat ib not now a suburb of Botany Bay. On the contrary it Is 676 miles distant per train and to be exact the territorial position of our Post Office is 37deg. 33min. 39secs. south latitude aod 143d«»g- 57min. Ofisecs. east longitude. " It would be interesting if students at State and private schools would work out this calculation and publish the methods by which the result is arrived at in the local papers, but I have given enough to make most people who ean catch hold of Mr. Little's Jubilee brochure published as a supplement to the Bailarat Star aud Courier of 2nd September last anxious to read it. There is just now being nightly presented in Melbourne an opera bouffe which may have tbe most remarkable influence upon tbe social life of tl-is century and may possibly produce tbe renaissance of English music. The music is by Cellier, the famous batonist for all Gilbert aud SulJivan'6 operas, aud the husband of Miss Alice Barnet, for whom mauv of their best characters were specially written. Cellier is noquestionably the best orchestral leader we ever saw in Australia, and is so indispensable to his confreres that he was recalled to England to conduct their latest achievement. But it is not 60 much with Mr. Cellier's undoubted ability or the fact that he appears to be the only man in England into whose hands the harp of Sir Arthur Sullivan will fall that I now deal, but with tbe direction into which that ability is leading him. His "Dorothy," which has run for over three hundred nights in one theatre in England, and is being re ceived with delight throughout America, promises to effect' a revolution in musical taste. Most of us whose hairs are thinning aud who are old enough to count but a tew years forward to our Jubilee, remember with lingering regret the home music of child hood. The simple ballads which , fraught with emotion and pathos, reproduced tbe scenes aud acts of every day life, and there by toached the heart; the strong eea songs filled with the defiant spirit of tbe lords of the ocean, the sweet hymns accompanied by harp or harpsichord which stole through tbe family "general-room" at night and seemed so foil of benfeon, the glees caught up by laughing girls aad lilted through the rooms until the rafters seemed to reverberate with melody, the old-time catches after the style of — ' Dame Burden kept fire serving maids to carry the milking pail ; She also kept five serving men to use the spade and flail. the rare old madrigal, which carried in its notes a flavor of Elizabethan days— all these added to home life its quiet, quaint grand motherly charm. But for the past thirty years great Pan has indeed been dead, and English melody has lapsed into silence. Tbe fecundity of the musician has continued, song has succeeded song, vocal jest succeeded the extravagancies of tbe concert room or the crazes of tbe music ball, but the national feeling and character has ceased to have expression in its music, and in consequence all the successive productions have been alike ephemeral, have trained no strong hold upon the popular affection, have been mere "catches" of tbe hour — lilted in the streets to-d&y;, forgotten to-morrow. In the track of the dark of this long set sun comes Dorothy," now being played at the Princess Theatre nightly to crowded aud enthusiastic audiences, and possessing nearly all the qualities necessary to produce a musical renaissance. For musically speaking " Dorothy " is the musical expression of the mood and character of the English people over half a century ago. Here and there you catch eohoes of a few bars of Jater fa miliar airs, each as the once popular "Here's to tbe maiden " — " Let the toast pass — fill to my lass, HI warrant she'll prove an excuse for the glass." or "The horn, the lusty horn." These, however, are mere musical coincidences ; the larger issue involved is that " Dorothy " re-produces the airs of childhood to many English men and women, and from its un wonted melody, which steals npon the mind like a mist from tbe past, it is fit to be the originator of a revival of old English harmony throughout the world. And why is this not possible ? The home life lies after all entirely in the disposition of the women of any race. If their tastes are frivolous, or liable to be canght by passing fancies, the strength of the home attachment wanes aud withers. Under tbe pressure of the exacting conditions of modern life, we hear continually of young men who have started in life nnder fair aus pices going wrong, and closing their careers in the suicide's grave or the felon's celL Are not the mothers primarily responsible for this? When love's chain linking to home becomes slack, the downward path is as easy as its opportuDities. Yet let me not moralise, though in writing this there may be a something purposed. What I want to make clear is this that night after night the beautiful Princess Theatre is crowded to listen to music which is as truly English and untainted by any strain of foreign art as Chaucer's speech that tbe ballad love of childhood so deftly interwoven in the num bers, charms an Australian as it might an English audience that tbe stately grace of the old Eoglish country dances such as Sir Roger de Coverley himself would have rubbed bis fat hands with pleasure to witness, take better with the audience than the part pranciogs of the girls of the ballet, and that the portions encored are in each case, the reproductions of melodies more familiar to our fathers, in some cases our grandBires, thau to us. For these reasons I begin to hope that tbe dawn of a purer musical taste is not far distant, that the English-speaking race throughout the world are about again to feed upon the melodies of the cradle and the home to which the gene ration of the first colonisers here were ac customed, that we are beginning to revolt against foreign Kickshaws, and that in sooth there is approachiog the dawn of a renaissance of English music. 