THE BIOGRAPHER. THE RIGHT HON. H. C. E CHILDERS. Foreigners sometimes say that we English are A strange people, and we ore apt to accept tho criticism with a superior smile, as thongh it did us honor. It anything could justify the Conti- nential idea it is the conduct of Eugland toward Mr. Hugh Culling Eardloy Childers. Literary imitations are tircsomo ; otherwise we should like to picturo Goldsmith's Chinaman asking an intelligent Briton questions about Mr. Childers. We can imagino the Celestial's utter bewilder ment, hut we will not try to furnish a dialogue; better keep to a few plain everyday facts. Tho first and main fact is that for 20 years Mr. Childers has been a member of every Liberal Administration ; that is sufficiently astounding for anything, and we wonder that no philoso pher has fairly argued out tho subtle question, Why should Mr. Childers be a ruler ? Out wardly he is a s!oul, comfortable looking gentleman, with a bland, vacant look, and a general air of prosperity. He is indeed a pleas ing specimen of the British citizen, and ho has good reason to be satisfied with himself, for his gratoful country has been by 110 means niggardly with him in the matter of pensions. For many years past seed time and harvest have not failed for him, and the good Mother Britannia has looked after him zealously. But why is ho regularly chosen as a ruler when the Liberals climb to the sacred bench ? That is the puzzle which agitates the mind of many thoughtful persons. Mr. Childers has held no less than seven differ ent offices, and we shall talfc presently about his various official feats. But, then, why was he appointed to office at ell? Usually we choose our governing men from the talking class. Is Mr. Childers an orator? Anyone who has heard him exude blankncss by the hour will hardly describe him as an orator, of all things in the world. He nover seems to have any thing to say, no matter what he is supposed to be speaking about ; he envelops himself in a verbal Scotch mist, and, when the mist is opaque enough, he sits down under the com forting impression that he has made a speech. But we never know any man who succeeded in gaining a definite impression from anything that Mr. Childers said. Ouco he contrived to ret np a sort of scare by means of a cloudy pro posal which he made — a proposal which seemed to aim at debasing the coinage, but even this approach to a direct statement was soon with drawn. Clearly, then, Mr. Childers did not make his mark by means of oratory; indeed, we never knew a reporter who dared attempt to lender one of his speeches save in the most at tenuated form. This gentleman who cannot speak any thing save thin platitude ; this gentle man whose individuality is utterly unknown to his countrymen — this Mr. Childers has held office seven times in various places, and he is considered a fit person to be constantly included in that central committee of the Privy Council whien is knows as the Cabinet. The leaders of bis party have evidently a high opinion of his powers, for he has held office after office which might test the powers of the strongest man in Europe, and he has been gaily shitted from one Elace to another in a manner' which implies that e is the Admirable Crichton of administrators. He has been Secretary of State for War. That, in itself, is a little astounding, for a more unworlifce person, a more complete con trast to the average soldier, cannot bo imagined by the mind of man. The importunate student of politics asks, ' Why should Mr. Childers direct military affairs ?"and the god of merriment laughs low beyond the horizon. It is too comic for belief, and we cannot wonder at the grizzled, hard bitten veterans who meet in Pall Mail and explain their views as to ihe locality where the Service is going. Mr. Childers made a toler ably bad mess of it at the War Office, and we only have the consolation of knowing that he did even' worse at the Admiralty. That balanced matters, for it showed that, in a cer tain way, Mr. Childers is an all round mm Seeing that cur hero had managed to bungle everything that he tried his hand on, it occurred to the great Liberal leader to set him a com paratively simple task. So Mr. Childers became thaucellor of the Exchequer ! He had a bagatelle of £100,000,000 a year to deal with, and he had to meet increasing expendi ture from a falling revenue. With comfort able confidence ibe all round man went to his sew post, and he resolved to let us all know that he is not a mere bundle of negative qualities. He brought out an interesting scheme, by which we were to make a little present of eight millions fo certain French men, and he asked for the money with his usual suavity. The country took a day to con sider the scheme, and then there broke forth such universal guffaw of horse laughter that the all round man withdrew in dire coufusiou. Fes, it is sad, but he was undoubtedly laughed off the stage. Did that mar his smooth self- sufficiency ? Oh, dear, no ! Iu a little while he was ready to surprise us once more, and he actually succeeded iu conferring a benefit on the nation for once in his life. Let it be chronicled to his eternal honor that he broke up the Gladstone Government In future days, wheu scoffers make mock of him, Mr. Childers may lay his hand on his proud breast and say, " Go to. Did I uot smash the Govern ment of Majuba and Khartoum ?'' The Budget was a droll concern, and those economists — the wicked wags that they sure — hinted all kinds of comic things regarding the nil round man's competence ; some people were indignant, and usod language of au improper kind, and others laughed as they had done over tho Canal agree ment. Never miud. Our national man of business got rid of the. Government, and wc de serve the worst of ill-fortune if wo fail to bless him for that noble feat. An ordinary man would hara shrank away abashed, amid the torrent of ridicule that flowed around that poor Budget ; but it takes a goal deal to abash Mr. Childers. There is something soft and oilv and elusive about the excellent gentleman's mental composition which enables him to reenperate After blows that would crush any man of harder fibre. You may tako a sledge hammer and batter a feather bed all day, but you only succeed in making a dent hero and there ; the bed is not essentially damaged, and, with one "fair shake, it becomes as rounded and plump And puffy as ever. Mr. Childers is tho feather bed of politics. A little seclusion, a little ex- cursion to the north, aud lo ! he appeared once more, blond, confident, smiling, and ready for any office that might happen to he going. Where could he be stowed? There was an agreeabto problem for a statesman in difficnl- ties. Tho great and practical mind of the Liberal loader settled the problem, and thns the gentleman who had failed dismally in threo Cabinet offices was made Homo Secretary! Now, if at this point in our narrative an intelli gent foreigner were to utter some expression of incredulity, we should reassure him ; wo should say, "No joke is intended. The Home Secretory must have insight, tact, resource, lightning decision, wiso courtesy ; ho has to decide on issues of lifo and death, and he is placed in fall control of the most complicated system of law and police administration that the world has ever known. All this is true. The bestmen in Englaud iiavo been tried at the Home Office, aud a man who succeeds there is fit to go anywhere aud do anything. Yet this post was filled by a man whose life bad been one prolonged failure, and who was too dense to know when a nation was mocking him." Of course the foreigner would stare, and well he might. The all-round man soon distinguished himself according to his wont. A commissioner of police blundered, and Mr. Childers, who was really respeusible for the blunder, Mr. Childers, who should bravely have taken the blame, not only appointed a committee to in quire into the commissioner's conduct, but appointed himself chairman and arbiter of the commission. Nothiug cau cap that, and we leave the incident to conclude a story which we have set down with mingled feelings of shame and misgiving. As aforesaid, it is impossible to give any definite portrait of this miracle of incompetence. Watch him for years in the House, and you find that yon are only dealing with a Negation. The very people who vented huge laughter over bis failures have no definite idea of him, and he moves through the world of England like a ghost — a ghost who draws a salary. Why should this portentous placeman have been made the spoiled child of fortnae ? Why should mighty interests have been entrusted to his feeble hands ? Tbere is only one answer, and wc are inclined to blnsh as we write it : — Mr. Childers is tho most obse quious of all fhe men who have lured Mr. Glad stone to his fall, The all-round man never could raise an opinion of his own, excepting that he was fit and ready to take any post in the world ; but he always accepted his leader's opinions meekly, ami if Mr. Gladstone were to agitate for Dis-establishment to-inorrow, Mr. Childers would cry " Down with the Church " as loudly as any Hidical of them all. It is difficult to avoid unfairness in dealing with paolic mea, but iu Mr. Childers's case a bare statement of facts is more telling than would be the bitterest scurrilities of Cobbett or Junius. H our subject bad remained in his proper sphere he would have been a worthy, harmless citizea ; but by ostentatiously acting as led captain to Mr. Gladstone he has thrust himself into one prominent place after another, only to exhibit increasing incompetence as tho years have passed by. Decidedly he is far too expensive a national luxury, and it is nearly time that we were done with paying for him — at anv rate with navinsr for him as a Minister. — Yorkshire Post. 