THE REGIMENTAL GHOST. HY AI^RXiPBTBCtlVE OFFICER. PART I. I was sent for hurriedly one evening to visit the residence of Mr. Taunton, the head of the - eminent banking firm of Taunton Bros. and Elliott, of Lombard. street. The old gentleman was not altogether unknown to me, and he had the reputation -3S5*Sl"*jat the "melee one of the most upright and yet one of the hardest of Lyaen.. 32 S "Tye" 2 soon had an opportunity of judging I was received in a richly I .,?^rí,¿'",0(» but particularly gloomy apart moment. There did not appear to Be a comfortable comer or chair in it. The tall old gentleman asked me to be seated close to the large table at which he was placed, and than he passed a slip of his lavender paper across to me. What do you call that he asked. It appears to be a cheque for one thousand pounds, signed by W. Spencer , Taunton, I replied. I. Mt appears to be,' he repeated. -' Then you do not think it genuine r ' j 'I do not, was my answer. The signs McVilly be all right but the figures in the lefthand corner and the body of the document seem to have been tampered With.' r " i 'There "SM- 16 yon think the work has been skilfully done P' a r 1 directed replied. I '> ' it is the work of a novice, and therefore there can be little difficulty in finding the culprit. The fact is, my own nephew is the guilty individual, and, sir, what has passed between us two can no longer be forgiven. He must be found laid by the heels, and prosecuted.' -in.- í^i^^o^oK-afcthft'cheqiie, and the idea suddenly dawned upon me that AT perpetrator of this swindle was capable Al in doing much finer work. It appeared to me that the alteration was intended to be palpable, and that some kind of mystery must be attached to the whole affair. h a Will you kindly>giv6 Se particulars ?' tasked t I I i My nephew is a lieutenant in a cavalry regiment, now lying at H-. After running through his money recklessly, he appealed to me. I paid his debts and made him a comfortable allowance. he were to have no stability of character. A few days ago he came to me and confessed that he was-again'embarrassed. I received him in this room, and he made a clean breast of his shortcomings. I " gave him as severe lecture, hut concluded by writing him a cheque for a hundred pounds as my last Am willing contribution to Ina extravagance. The unhappy youth sits obliterated the word ' lands d' by some chemical process and substituted ' 'thousand.' By adding a cipher to the ' numerals the swindle he looked upon as Wing complete. He has not actually ~ forged my name, but the crime is equally serious; and much as the transgressor and disgrace grieve me, I shall not swerve from my duty in handing him over for [r v pmnshTafcBt to the authorities.'«* r\ says May I ask if the money was paid P" J :>'Foi f mutely it was not. The chief yy officials of the bank knew" of my feelings towards my nephew from his past fast living, and It was such a palpable altera- tion that it warden acted at once.' r' Who presented the cheque ?' -* ' It was paid into the banking account t of Captain BY score, of his own regiment, t and doubtless was handed over in payment hoof gambling debts The money has not been collected, but the crime is none the less a ei me My people at the bank first 1 for the City police, and a private clothes officer went down to the quarters of the 1 regiment but the culprit could not re ' found. I prefer a man of whom I know! something, and so I have sent for \- you. What do you think of the case ?' "'I cannot say yet. What" kind of , character does Captain Briscoe sustain ?' * Excellent ! Irrepi teachable !' returned the old gentleman, with more earnestness than he had hitherto displayed. Promising to do my best in the peculiar case, I asked if Mr. Taunton had any pr i trait of his nephew, He rang the bell, and a footman entering he paid .. 'Go to your mistress and ask her for A, a portrait of Archibald. Carrington,' G A peculiarly faint carte-de-visite was he brought me in a few minutes, and I was t conducted front the room by the solemn , servant. * ^ 'as As I came out into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brightest looking girls I ever saw in my life, She was just disappearing within the threshold of a brilliantly lit room opposite, the general aspect of which contrasted pleasantly with that I had just left. Upon reaching the street door, the footman said in a low tone: ' My mistress desired me to ask you to wait a few moments.' ? Almost the next instant a refined look .. ing maid came from the room I had just ' noticed, and said t, Would you kindly leave your private address P My mistress earnestly desires to see you on very particular business, and asks if to night would be convenient for a call.' I had noticed that both servants had aged the words my mistress' rather pointedly, and began to suspect that the female part of Mr. Taunton's household had a different kind of interest in the unhappy Archibald Carrington to that entertained by that gentleman himself. I gave my card with my private address saying : Business will dollin me at home all this evening;' and as I spoke an unnoticed glance over my shoulder revealed the young lady I had seen before looking anxiously from the door of her room This is not the simple matter it first appeared to be, I felt certain now. I proceeded home at once and thought out the case before me. It did not take too long,' considering the limited information I yet possessed, to come to a conclusion which proved pretty accurate in the end. I was, however, somewhat anxious for the promised interview, and rather disappointed as hour after hour. passed, and still no one appeared About ten' o'clock I thought about going out, " but just then I remembered that in all Drtibabjlity nine o'clock would pass before dinner would be over in such a fashionable t establishment as that of Mr. Taunton's. * "At half-past ten a gas-stove up to the <? door, and two closely veiled ladies rapidly . alighted. They were, about to knock, but ., Iliad been at the sitting-room window, and opened the door in time to admit them \- quietly. Asking them to be seated, I waited silently for whatever they proposed submitting to me. The maid was the first to draw up her Tell and she proceeded very intelligently to state the case as I already knew it but, being fully a a are of the value of time to the young lad.) present as well as to myself, I said You will pardon my seeming abrupt- ness, but we may as well understand each other at once. I conclude that you consider, Mr. Archibald Carrington innocent of the crime with which he is charged If you wish me to be of any service to you-and him-you must confide in me completely. At the same time I hope you will understand that I do not court your confidences.' There was a pause, and at last the lady ended it by suddenly raising her veil and displaying most,benitifal face. Police men are like other men, as far as appre cia son of beauty goes. Miss Taunton was pale from excitement, and, her large dark, eyes fairly glowed from the same cause J mash Lien I 'I Aston 'B he's there 'If you c run of and from a diSereST'bntrêqnaTïy^îiBTis takable emotion. !' "1 ' I will confide in you,' she said decisively, in a low but wonderfully pleasant voice. "My cousin is incapable of committing the crime of which he has been accused, She then, at considerable length, ere plained that the accused young officer was of a sunny and genial disposition, that he had never been brought up to view life in a. very serious way, and that if he played deeply and backed horses indiscreetly, it was more from thoughtlessness than innate extravagance and viciousness that he erred. 'In addition to this, she proceeded, he has all along been led to believe that he would be, in a sense, the heir of his uncle, my father. Pardon me,' I interrupted; 'I know that Mr. Taunton has no sons, but I fail to understand how Mr. Carrington could expect to become his uncle's their while the latter had a daughter. She bowed her folio head at this somewhat rude speech ; but it was necessary for the ends I had in view, and I could not spare her and do my duty. Hev tine face was deeply flushed when she raised her eyes to mine, and without another word I understood the secret clearly, which I had already half-divined. The fact is," I continued, there existed, until some of Mr. Carrington's excesses were discovered, a kind of family understanding that he should ultimately marry you Miss Taunton ?' She bowed. ' Now we come near the point which I must have made clear if I am to prove this young gentleman's innocence if he is innocent. Do you know if he has any enemies I know of none. His nature is so open and sunny, that he can have for men no enemies.' ' Just so. I am pretty well satisfied on that point myself, and I regret that I am once more compelled to enter upon delicate ground. I am sure you cannot feel offended at simple official inquiries, which remain unknown to all the world but my self. Other gentlemen have doubtless aspired to the honour of an alliance with you, Miss Taunton ?' ' I ' Oh, yes, she replied, almost hurriedly, ' but no one, I feel certain who could depend to the terrible crime of endeavour ing to ruin a fellow creature for such a purpose.' ' Ah, Miss Taunton, you cannot know human nature as I know it ! But you can avoid the pain of a further pursuance of this subject if you mention the names of some of your more favoured suitors.' 'And submit them to the surveillance of the police ? Never !' ' As you please. Permit me to remind you that it is the liberty perhaps the life-of an innocent man that is at stake. That man is young-your own cousin and if I am not mistaken he has a deeper claim upon your affections than mere relationship would entitle him to Miss Taunton hung her head again for a few seconds, and then said, in a low voice once : ' My father has for some time favoured the suit of Captain Briscoe, and he has been much at our house lately.' .JThaukyou^-I proceeded. 'And now when your father asked for a portrait, of Mr. Carrington;"you sent me the oldest and least perfect of as you had in your possession, you did not wish me to arrest him. At present it appears to be my duty to arrest him but we people recognise a higher duty than arresting merely suspected persons Oiw highest and first duty is to clear the innocent and find out the guilty. If I am to be of service to Mr. Carrington I must be able to find him. To find him easily I must have a better likeness of him than this, and I handed the came to her. ¿ v ' ' I trust in you unreservedly,' she said, as she drew a heavy sold necklet and locket from her neck. Touching a spring in the latter, it opened and displayed the 'counterfeit likeness' of one of the brightest faces I ever saw. The expression was perfectly joyous, frank and ingenuous, being a beautiful work of art, I had the exact colour of the hair and of the eyes, The former was bright golden-yellow, while the latter were a strange light-blue or grey hue that gave a peculiar appearance to the old man. It seemed, even in the portrait, as if those joyous, transparent eyes could be wonderfully weird under a change of mond, and this prepared men some degree for the remarkable occurrences that followed. Pakt li. I was not surprised that Lieutenant Archibald Carrington did not face his accusers. The harsh treatment received from his uncle led him to believe, no doubt, that he would find no favour there. It was of course, very apparent to me that he was not only very boyish and easy-going in his way of living, but not yet blessed with any great strength of mind Before entering the police, I had been in the army myself, and, as fortune would have it, on more than one. occasion my regiment and the one to which Mr. Carrington. belonged shared the same quarters in different garrison towns Having been troop sergeant-major of my old corps I had no difficulty in renewing old aeqiiainees'iips with the sergeants' mess at H-. It is needless to say that I took no one into my confidence a regarding my business or my new calling I was engaged in a warehouse in the City, enjoy ing a very late holiday, for October was far advanced. There was only one opinion regarding poor Carrington in the regiment. He was loved and pitied, but believed guilty in the sense that he was supposed to have succumbed to a sudden temptation. The young officers, who were his more immediate companions, declined to credit that he ever tampered with the cheque, because he was nothing of a penman, and had never been known to talk of the ingenuity of "some people, in connection with hand-writing. -I took up my quarters at the Wellington fire, which was, kept by an old companion in nuns, but a good deal of my time was spent in the billiardroom of the sergeants' mess in the barracks. ~ - ~ " One night we were Visited by a close- ness of atmosphere that would, not have been out of place in July. In addition to being hot generally, it became sultry to an intolerable degree. Atchinson I finished playing a game with a friend, and he was about to light the gas, when he was called away. The gas will only make the place better, remarked. Leave it until yon return ' ' All i right,' he cried, as he hurried out. I sat down in the window seat, and was soon nearly falling asleep. Presently, however, Iwasaronsod by voices beneath me, and I soon realised that the speaker had come to that spot because a quiet recess was created thereby the demolition of a temporary shed. 11 think Pro got news of yonrgoveraor, the first speaker said. 4 - ' You don't say so !' 'Wave. That's the reason I axed you out 'of the canteen. Look here. I'll bet you'll say that's his handwriting ;' and the speaker held out a letter to his companion ' It U, I'd know it in a thousand. The poor young fellow I Where can he be 9 You haven't given it to the captain yet 'No, but I know where captain Lieutenant Carrington is for all that You do?' ' I do Can't you read the postmark f' Ah of course ! Let's see. It's Kingston r" k ' Kingston's not far from here. I'll bit boy's written to the guv'nor to meet him there.' 'If he has you'll let me know as soon as you can ? If I could manage I'd try to run over an' see him, for he's been a good master tome.' H Tracy the chair tions causes peru wer these sad and t comes a real form Hoik plain in all said lilly able Las ears Was the e in led it had that pro to the new fact and the me are not face her di had there miss lily tely in love he has ten on am late feel ich ny less till the, end mr i a low can of s of age and the like. tin; per tere red has low of last QUI rest city miss his first one to find a I did. and ing the the tie, for the ran to the old as the id, for 6d. ' The best masters in the regiment,' returned Captain jprjJcoVs fman. reply devil is getting worse and' worse every day. The speakers now slowly returned to the door of the Canteen and I clearly recognised the two men who had been pointed out to me as the servants of the suspected Carrington and the gentleman to whom he had given the doctored Cheque. ~ "~ was - - I resolved to be present at the meeting of the gentlemen, if a meeting was what the letter-proposed. ^ Failing that, I should endeavour to find Mr. Carrington myself in his new retreat. I had just come to this conclusion, when a great volume of fire seemed to burst out of the heart of the mass of leaden clouds hanging^jovírlioad. This "was followed" by~siicliaTièavy A pear of thunder as I have seldom heard in England; and thou as the rain rain pouring down in torrents, I saw a dark figure steal from every spot where the military servants had been standing and hurry towards the barrack gates. Look- ing out, I beheld a deserted sentry- box, behind which a man could easily have concealed himself. Who could the third person be ' Was the City detective on the track ? Nothing more likely-' He knew nothing of Miss Taunton's belief, etc, and would doubtless arrest the runaway on sight. And then I began to ask myself if that was not my duty also. The more I pondered the less easy I became in my mind. My duty plainly was to arrest the man upon whose track I had believed I was not supposed to put myself up in the place of the judge wh i should inevitably try him It would up to the jury to say 'Guilty' or Not 'Guilty.' And yet, after all, I could not get Miss Taunton's face out of my mind, nor the pleading tones of her voice out of my ears. A fine officer I was becoming Private policemen are specially warned to be cautious of female influence. < Under the influence of these considera- times, I felt inclined to hurry at once to Kingston and arrest the culprit. Then I almost resolved to return to London at once, and leave the whole matter in the hands of the City officer. _ ^ , 2 2 2 No, I would be done by no rival, and so I concluded to follow ' my original plans. an hour" elapsed before" the" thunderstorm passed away, and, during the whole of the time, the lightning flashed and the thunder rolled in a manner that was truly appalling. The rain came down incessantly and at times perpendicular layers or- shoots of opaque water came- sweeping across the barrack-yard The wind began to howl in seeming emulation of the artillery of the heavens, and altogether the night was such a stormy one that I felt satisfied no one would endeavour to go to Kingston that night. Next morning the gale was somewhat abated, but the rain still came down with a regularity that rendered speedy cessa- tion hopeless.' The barrack-yard was washed perfectly bare ; the streets were equally clean, but the heavens and the gutters were flooded, and the river was not only overflowing its banks, but rush- ing with fearful rapidity seawards, boar ing upon its claz-celonred surface all kinds of wreckage, from carcases of bullocks down to cats and dogs, and from the framework of humble houses to numberless fragments of all kinds of timber and wickerwork. I spent the most of the morning with the sergeant in charge of the canteen, but nothing of interest to me occurred until noon, when I was thinking of approaching Captain Briscoe's servant in some more direct manner. Just then he came in with Mr. Carrington's man, and said Just as I thought ! The governor's ordered his dogcart for half-past three. He says he's going if it thunders and lightnings as it did last night.' . To the same place that we thought about ?' \- ' Yes, the same.' - ' Are you going with him ?' 'No; he always takes his groom for such distances.' ' I wish I could change with Bill - - No chance. The governor's temper is unbearable. He smashed his clock this morning because he forgot to wind it up last in gilt ' I did not wait for more. My friend the landlord of the Wellington had a nice tf"ap,"a!id a_smart"cob, so_I_went,and arranged to h tie them out that afternoon. I started about a quarter-past three, nt and went leisurely along the road, not- as withstanding the wet. 1 never travel far ed w without my waterproofs, so I was quite comfortable, when I heard wheels in my rear. I kept jogging on, and presently glanced at behind, to bud a tall dogcart, drawn by a fine horse, coming speedily along. Behind this high steeper sat a tall, dark gentleman, who held the reins in the most approved manner. I was anxious to hear whatever might be said, and was rather pleased to find that Captain Briscoe was in the habit of speaking as if he was at the head of his troop in the heat of an engagement. As the dogcart crept steadily along I heard him say to his gil o im: ' We will pull up at the Bowling Green Inn The will leap down and order a glass of brandy and water for me, and when you have brought it, you will stroll into the Green.' As the dogcart passed me at this point I the captain paused. Immediately he drew ahead be resumed. ' You will find an unused skittle alley at the end of the green. The youngster was to wait for me there, but circumstances might prevent his coming or st lying Should you find him there, come back at once and let me know' I could hear no more, but I had heard enough As I had increased my speed, I began t think how I should get ahead of the captain now. He would never permit anything to pass him on the road which be had been passed, so all I could do was to keep up fair speed and was once more to what is commonly called the chapter of accidents 'as if anything over happened that had not a purpose ' I was agreeably surprised at the end of about three miles to find the captain draw up in front of a roadside inn. Since his horse did not want water, It was evident that the captain himself required brandy. I took advantage of the delay to pass, and once out of sight, put my cab to His best speed and this I kept up until I reached. the Bowling Green Inn, where I decided to stay and, after very little troubles succeeded in getting into a fine open space between the fence and the wall "of g the. thatched skittle alley.. and immediately beneath at open window, in through which I could climb with the greatest ease were, it necessary for me to intrude' upon the gentlemen. FOR Languor, Loss of Appetite, Depression of Spit it and Nervous Exhaustion, tryHAB bison s Quinine and Iron Tonic Strengthening Peas, 2s. a Box. Being pearl-coated' they are rendered perfectly tasteless. The London Pharmacy, Hay Street, Perth, W A Post free to any Address in the Colony - the COD! that the ins: Yo TH TH TrE. THE THE THE T THE Holloway 3 OintmenTwAkd 'Pills - Travellers and Emigrants -These who cross the seas change- the climate, but they despot change the constitution? The altered conditions of life, the exigencies of travel and other causes render the traveller and emigrant I _ peculiarly liable to diseases and accidents when far from efficient medical aid. With j Thi these as of lated remedies at hand they may be It was said to have a ply social always at their call, j Gover and they may be certain that situations will be j return constantly arising in which they will require an as. a readyiosomcemtimoof need The directions What for use which accompany each box and pot of the pt Holloway's Pill-, and Ointment are written in with a plain and simple language, and are applicable contain in all cases, ,>VoH 