INDUCTION SERVIVCES AT ST. 'JOHFS OHURCH.l Special services were hold at St. John's Church yesterday in connection with the induction of the Rev. E. Champion to the incumbency of the parish, in succession to the Rev. Canon Ilrownrigg, who re signed in February last on account of ill health. Large congregations were present upon each occasion, especially in the afternoon. At 10 a.m. a number of members of the congregation] met for prayer, the Rev. S. Hart officiating. A confirmation service followed at 11 o'clock, Bishop Sandford performing the ceremony, assisted by the Ven. Archdeacon Hales, Canon Icely, and the Rev. S. Hart. There were nine candidates for confirmation-two males and seven females-being all from St. John's. The Bishop in terse and pithy sentences addressed the candidates, point ing out the solemn purpose of confirmation. He said they did not go there to confirm, but to be confirmed, and]to nay their vows before God, and concluded by impressing upon them their obligations. The Bishop subsequently addressed the congregation upon the words of St. Paul to the Ephesians, "And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are seaoled unto tihe day of redemption." He spoke of the uses of a seal and the utility of sealing, which had to do with the confirming and establishing of a written agreement or covenant, and the validity of documents. Missives from royalty were of no use without the seal or authority. There was also something very significant in the eyes of the ancient world in tlhe symbol of a seal. The reality of earthly and heavenly agreements was referred to, heavenly covenants being higher and greater than earthly ones, there being a fullness of blessing and hope in the covenant between men and God, which would enable them to meet all the trials and vicissitudes of their present position. The confirmation witnessed that day might be a help to them to look into the reality of God's covenant. Confirmation was an out ward and visible token-a token which was needed. In the early ages it was spokes of as a seal, just because it referred to that covenant which was sealed with the blood of Christ. Having spoken of the covenant between man and God, which was a sure pledge of eternal life, the bishop addressed those who had been confirmed, pointing out the privileges which they would now enjoy, especially the privilege of partaking of tihe Holy Communion. le then referred to the ceremony of induction which was to take place in the afternoon. He said their new pastor came amongst them to spend his strength and his time in the service of God, and lce doubted not they would give him that help without which his labour would be in vain-the help of a united people. After the service tihe sacrament of the Lord's Supper was ad. ministered. The induction ceremony was held at 3 p.m., the following clergymen, in addition to the Bishop, occupying seats in the chancel:-Ven. Archdeacon Hales, Revs. A. W. Icely (Canon Missioner of St. David's Cathedral, Hobart), J.. W. H. Geiss (acting as chaplain to the Bishop), A. Barkway. S. Hart, C. H. Young, A. H. Champion, and the new incumbent. The united choirs of St. John's,: Trinity, and 1 St. Paul's, under the condocto-ship of Mr. F. Ferguson, organist of Trinity Church, were also seated in the chancel, Mr. W. W. Thornthwaite presiding at the organ, the tone of which has been much improved by recent repairs. As the clergy proceeded up the aisles, the choir sang in an efficient mcanner the 100th Psalm, to the tyell known tune of the Qld Hundredth: The Officoof Institutionwhich I was formulated by the late Bishop of Tas- 1 mania, the Very Rev. H. Bromby, was used. The first part of evening prayer having been intoned by the Rev. Canon Icely, Psalms 122, 132, and 183 were sung. 5 The first lesson-Ezekiel xxxiii., 1 to 10 was read by the Rev. A. Barkway, and the second-St. John x., 1 to 10-by the Ven. I Archdeacon Hales. After the repetition of the Creed and prayers, the well-known I anthem, " 0 taste and see" was sung, and the Institution ceremony was then com menced. Messrs. H. Lakin, W. Martin, 4 and S. Eardley Wilmot, churchwardens, having proceeded to the chancel, the Bishop addressed the congregation, asking if any objection could be raised to the new pastor. There being no response, the Rev. E. Champion took the oaths of allegiance to the Queen and Bishop, after which he re ceived his license, and was instituted to the parish. Mr. H. Lakin then presented the keys of the church to the incumbent, who said-" I receive, these keys of the house 4 of God at your hands as the pledges of my institution, and of your parochal recogni. tion, and promise by the help of God to be a faithful shepherd over you, in the name 1 of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Bishop then presented a Bible and Prayer Book, saying-" Re. - ceive these booke, and let them be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the Divine Word, in leading the devotions of the people, and in exercising the discipline of the Church, and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." After the hymn, " Hark, Iark, my I soul," had been sung, the Bishop pro nouneed the benediction. The service throughout was choral. In the evening the incumbent preached his introductory sermon, which, both in matter and delivery, was excellept. He took for his text a part of the 10th verse of tim second chapter of 2nd Corinthians "Who is suficientforthesoe things ?" They had there (the preacher said) the faithful minister contemplating the magnitude of his sacred work. He seemed to stand almost appalled at tice thought of its extent and of its mighty issues, and asked the question of the text, but receiving no answer passed on to unburden his mind of thoughts which set forth its importance and dificulty still sore. It was not only that God made manifest the senvour of His knowledge by His ministers in every place, not only that they were a sweet ravour of Christ in them that were savedand in them tlhat perished, but also that they were %ound to carry on that moinentous and far-reaching work with wisdom, care, and truthfulness, as in the presence of God himself. The language in which St. Paul set forth thie work of the minister was peculiar, his language evi dently being figurative. After referring to thie virtuces of tihe great apostle as a minister, the preacher pointed out that in the Chlqrch service) for Ithe ordering of priests the minister was referred to under several figures. He was called to be a mes souger, a watchman, a steward. His duties, too, were numerous. He had to teach, to premonish, to feed, and to pro vide for the Lord's family; to seek for Christ's scattered slheep, and for His children who were in the midst of this naughlty world. And all that must be done with one end-that they might be saved through Christ for evr, It was not a work th1f c;ciglht be taken in Ihand lightly and pursued in a half-hearted manner. Care ought to be taken rightly to divide thie word of truth and to avoid thie introduction of deteriorating mixtures of man's inventions. They were il| in some way or another sorkers for God, and thce~e was ia all the danger that if they were doing anythling for God, and especially if they were doing it appar ently well and successfully, they should become proud of it. There was a danger tthat they should come to regard themselves as sufficient, and the sad result was that their clharacter temper, aqd Christianity suffered, and soon thbir work suffered also. It would be well for themland for their usefulness ifthey humbly went to the strong for ste?ngth. He had that day in their presence promised "cto be a f(itl ful shepherd over them," and he did not use those words as a mere form, nor witboot regard to his own insuf. ficlency and to the weighty and important charge which had been devolved upon him. By God's help hIe would try to do his duty, to forget himself in hlis work, to study not whalt was easiest and most con venient or pleasant to hlimself, but what would most conduce to te stability of their faith, the joy of thecir lives, and the depth of their comfort and peace in thie Lord. Life was a reality, and the older they grew tlhe more did its issues appear momentous. His duties would be such as would promote their growth in grace and in the heartfelt knowledge of God. T'lhese thrties would lead limc to seek for the on. gregatiol peace and quietness, reverence of God, and truoe devoton. In private ihe would endeavour to promote good-willi self-denial, and unity, making no diffae rences, but watching over the youngest and smallest shebp of his flock'as ca'efully as over any other; In public his desiro would be to promotoe their edification aid to assist their ddvotioiis. Thley met in tlib house of God not to be amused and gratified, but primarily to worship God, to hear of Heaven, and learn the way. He did not underrate the responsibility of his position as incumbent of St. John's, and ho felt insufficient without God's help. That help he had sought and he would continue to seek it day by day. They must run one course, a course in which they should mutually helpS comfort,' and: sustain each other, a. course of union and mutual confidence. Tho congregation had a part to perform, a vital matter as regarded their success, stability, and power as,a congregation.. It was that they should pray for him and that ho'e shold pray for themi. IHe valued :their 'prayeis beconid only to God's own divine assistance. In conclusion, he charged them to pray for him during the week and as the Sunday approached, and for their fellow-worship pars and themselves as they entered tlio sacred precincts of the church, and then assuredly that earthly tabernacle would over be.to them all the very house of God and the gate of heaven. A social meeooting to welcome the new in cumbent will be held in St. John's School room this evening. 