SOME HUMAN INSTINCTS. I Tho line to bo drawn between simple reflex and instinctive actions is an entirely arbitrary one; so I can see no objection, on the score of principle, to including under the title of instincts Professor Preyor s whole list, of the gradual evolving propensities to action of tho human babe. Sucking, biting, spitting, making grimaces, clasping, pointing, making sounds ex pressive of desire, carrying objects to the mouth, averting head and body, sitting up, standing, are all accomplishments which come in due order, and lead us to the locomotor age. Each is irresistibly called forth by some appropriate stimulus, and finally becomes subject to the conscious will. Locomotion is more interesting. Until tho walking impulse ripens in the nerve-, centres, the leg remains limp and indifferent, no matter how often tho child may bo hung with its feet in contact with the ground. No sooner, however, has the standing instinct come tluiu tho child stiffens his legs and presses downward as soon as h|s feet feel the lloor In some babies this is the earliest locomotor re action. In others it is preceded by the impulse to creep. Yesterday, the baby sat contentedly wherever he was put. To-day it, it is im possible to keep him sitting at all, so irre sistible is his impulse to throw himself for ward on his hands. Usually the arms are too weak, and the ambitious little experimenter falls on his nose. Rut his perseverance is dauntless, and he soon learns to travel in the quadrupedal way. Tho walking instinct may awaken with no less' suddenness, and its entire education be completed within a week's com pass, barring a little " grogginess" in the gait. The common belief that a baby learns to walk is strictly speaking, untrue. The reflex machinery, as it begins to ripen, prompts him to its use. But, as it is imperfectly organised, he makes mistakes. If, however, a baby could be prevented from getting on his feet at all for a fortnight or so after his first impulse to do so had manifested itself, and then restored to free dom, I have little doubt of his then being able i to walk perfectly, or almost perfectly, "from the word ' go.' " A small blister on each foofc I sole would do the business; and it is much to be I desired that some scientific widower, loft alone | with his infant at the critical moment, should repeat on the human species the brilliant obser vation of Mr. Douglas Spalding on various small birds, which he kept until they were full Hedged, and then found to fly with absolute per fection the first time he allowed them to spread their wings. Usually birds start to fly before either the central or peripheral apparatus is quite ripe. And so do we, to walk. .;. Fear of the supernatural is one variety of fear. It is difficult to assign any normal object for his fear, unless it were a genuine ghost. But, in-spite of psychical research societies, science has not yet adopted ghosts ; so we can only say that certain ideas of supernatural agency, associated with real circumstances, produce a peculiar kind of horror. This horror is probably explicable as the result of a combination of simpler horrors. To bring the ghostly terror to its maximum, many usual elements of the dreadful must combine, such as loneliness, darkness, inex plicable sounds, especially of a dismal character, moving figures half discerned (or, if discerned, of dreadful aspect), and a vertiginous bafflling of the expectation. This last element, which is intellectual, is very important. It produces a straugc emotional "curdle" in our blood to see a process, witli which we are familiar, de liberately taking an unwonted course. Anyone's heart would stop beating if he perceived his chair sliding unassisted across the floor. The lower animals appear to be sensitive to the mysteriously exceptional as well as ourselves. My friend, Professor \V. K. Brooks, of tho Johns Hopkins University, told me of his largo and noble dog being frightened into n. sort of epileptic fit by a bone being drawn aeross the floor by a thread which the dog did not see. Darwin and Romanes have given' similar experiences. The idea of the supernatural involves that the usual should be set at nought. In the witch and hobgoblin supernatural, other elements still of fear are brought in—caverns, slime, and ooze, vermin, corpses, and tho like. The ordinary cock-sure evolutionist ought to have no difficulty in Ex plaining these terrors, and the scenery that pro vokes [them, as relapses into the consciousness of the cave- men, a consciousness usually over laid in us by experiences of inore recent date.— Popular Science Monthly (U.S.) 