ZABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAN BLACK. Author of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER XXXII. A CRY OF DESPAIU. She was absolutely stunned and bewildered | by this throat; terror kept her Motionless; j ehe stood there like a statue, aghast and j while ; and then, urged by a sudden impulse, ! Bhe went swiftly up the scair, broke into tha ' room, snatched the boy from the nuree'a ] knee, and wound ber arms round him, and | pulled him close to her bosom. j " My darling ! My darling!" she cried. j No tears came to her aid—she was t JO dismayed for that; she could only hold him tight to her ; and as she walked up and down the room, in a very agony of alarm and wild conjecture, she uttered from time to time breathless little moans, and talked to hurself ] in broken ejaculations. i "He cannot—he cannot take my boy from me—the one thing I have on earth—the one thing—and tbat to be taken, too ! God help me ! Surely God will help me, if man will not. My lamb ! If only we were lying dead together, that would be the best thing for us both." " What is it, ma'am ; what is the matter?" i the little maid-servant said, in great concern. ' But Sabina paid no heed. She was as one quite distracted. She clasped the boy to her, ! and moaned over him as though her heart j were breaking ; and held his cheek to hers. " My pretty one !—my pretty one!" she said. | For in this first bewilderment of fear it never j occurred to her to doubt the power of the i father to take the child away from her ; and well she knew Fred Foster's passionate and , reckless malice when he was thwarted. And then those long years tbat rose as a ghastly ' vision before her eyes—herself a lone woman, ! broken-hearted, and hopeless—her boy grow- ' icg up without her care, in some distant part . of the world. And if these two were ever to J mset, they would be strangers. They would not know each other. They might pass each j other in the street without recognition. j Then of a sudden there flashed through her I burning brain the question whether tlie law j would not protect her against this fore- j shadowed outrage. But here was all agonizing j doubt. Surely the mother was the natural ; guardian of her child ; surely no one could j take him away from her. And yet Bhe had • a haunting memory of having heard—and of j having sympathized with—denunciations of 1 the iniquity of the laws of England on this j very matter. What was it thty had said? ' She could not tell, She was too agitated and j alarmed to think clearly ; her endeavours to convince herself of her Bufety, and her shuddering fears that after all be might liave the ! power to take her boy away iroai her, were j only productive of mental torture; and at : last, in her abjf.ct dread, and despair, and ' helplessness, came the resolve to go iastantly to London, to seek aid and coucsel from her nearest friend. If J-anie aid not know, J&nte; would get to know, and at once. Life with this terror hanging over fcer was not possible. She gave back the child in charge of the frightened little maid ; hurriedly put on her things, and went out, walking quickly in the direction of the vicarage. The vicar's family v. tro the only people whose acquaintance she had made in the neighbourhood ; and she hi,d made it in this way. It appeared that the households of better standing in that Email part of the world had chosen, for some reason or another, to hold aloof from Mrs. Deane, a proceeding which was of very little moment to that lady, who spent most of her eveningB in London theatres and music halls. Ic was probably owing to this circumstance that, when Sabina came to Wayside Cottage, the vicar's wife did not call npon her ; and then again, the young mother was wholly engrossed with her baby, and rarely appeared out-ofdoors, preferring the Eolitude and freedom of the garden behind the cottage. But one day it happened that Sabina had taken the boy out in his perambulator for an excursion aloDg the public highway, when Mrs. Lulworth, the clergyman's wife—a brisk and sensible little woman, extremely proud of her husband, and of her daughters, and of her poultry, and of her connection with the Established Church of her native land— chanced to come along, and so met them. How Mrs. Lulworth knew Sabina only as the tenant of W T ayside Cottage, and had never seen her at close quarters ; and she had naif a mind to pats by without speaking. But just as sbe came quite near, Sabina looked up; and the elder woman caught the expression of [the younger woman's face and of her gentle eyes. Tbat was enough. She stopped. *' What a beautiful morning for out 1" " \ es, indeed, it is." " The dear little fellow! How old is he?" That was the beginning. The next day Mrs. Lulworth and her troop of daughters called and left their cards. Then one of the younger girls, happening to Bee Sabina in the small front garden, jwent up and spoke to her, told her her name, "was invited into the house, and returned home with an account which might almost have equalled one of Janie's rhapsodies. The acquaintanceship thus begun was soon assured ; and if these good people rather wondered that they heard so little of Mr. Foster—for Sabina hardly ever mentioned his same—they had on the other hand discovered that their beautiful eyed, gentle-mannered neighbour was a daughter of Sir Anthony Zembra, and that appeared to give them much satisfaction. But it was not to seek counsel of this good little dame that Sabina wa3 now hurrying alcng to the vicarage ; for she had no mind to tell the story of her life to people who were almost strangers. When she arrived at the house, she rang the bell, and a servant appeared. " ib Mrs. Lulworth at home ?" , "No,ma'am, sb<=. has gone overtoBanstead." " Or any of the young ladies ?" j " Oh, yes, ma'am ; all of them. Won't you Btep in, ma'am ?" She followed the maid into the drawingroom ; and there, indeed, through the open French windowb she at once saw the whole of the five daughters—four of them playing tennis on the lawn, the fifth Beated on a garden-chair, reading a book, all of them in their light-coloured _ summer dresses, and forming as pretty a sight a3 one could wish to see. It was to the young lady in the gardenchair tbat the servant addressed herself; and the next moment the book was thrown aside and the reader was tripping across the lawn and op the steps with the fleet-footedness of a young roe. But the instant she entered the drawing-room the brightness of her fresh youDg English face gave way to a look of alarm. " Dear Mrs. Foster, no one is ill ?" she exclaimed. : "Oh, no," Sabina answered (she did not know how evident was the anxious distress written in her eyes), " I am—am rather hurried, that is all. I have to go up to Loudon suddenly ; and you see I don't like to leave baby in charge of the little girl all by herself there. I was wondering whether your mamma would allow one of the maids to go alon^ and keep her company till the afternoon when I shall be back. I am frightened to think of anything happening while lam away —Ann is a good little thing, but nervous" " Oh, but that's all right," eaid the^yoang lady, blithely. " I'll go along and take charge of the boy myself" " Oh, please, no; 1 couldn't think of giviog you so much trouble," Sabina protested—but feebly ; for she knew where the most tender care would be forthcoming. " Oh, but yes, yes, yes. Indeed, I insist. You don't know what friends we are. Hs is my king-favourite among all the children we know. Did you hear tbat he called me Cissy the other day when we were all at the ! gate ?" | " He talks a great deal now," Sabina said— ! for the moment pleased amidst all her trouble. | " But that's not it," the yountr lady interrupted. " I am the only one of us girls whose name he remembers ; and you may imagine that I am very proud of it; they tell me I 1 needn't swapger so; but he's my particular 1 friend, anyway; and juat you trust him to me for the day, dear Mrs. Foster; we shall i have the most delightful fun." i " It is really so very, very kind of you," I the gratefnl mother said. " And when would it be convenient for j on to go along?" 1 For answer Miss Cissy darted out of the I drawing-room, whipped up her hat that was | lying on the lawn and put it on her head, and j was back in an instant. ; "Now, if you are going to the station, I'll ' 'walk as far as the Cottage with you. Oh, if ?I had only kuown, I could have made him* a j:hundred playthings. But we'll find out I plenty, I am pretty sure." 1 Even this brief bit of companionship was a j comfort to her; but when she was again • alone, in the railway carriage going to Lonj dou, the darkest forebedings returned. Nor I could she get any enlightenment from think- ' iii? over those caees in her own experience I There she bad been partly instrumental in I having children withdrawn from the custody of this or that parent—drunkenness being the invariable cauEe ; for in no one instance had the law been appealed to; anions these poor people the usual course is to follow the recommendation of the Police Magistrate. And then again, supposing Foster to have the powrr of taking away her child, it was idle to think of appealing to her father to save her from this cruel wrong. How could she c-XDlain why this threat hung over her? Her only chance—and it was feeble enough, she knew—of getting any money from her father was to avoid all mention of Foster, He was supposed to be away somewhere— anywhere. It was for herself and her boy she was begging. Such were Fred Foster's last injunctions. Arrived at Victoria Station, she took the underground railway to Notting Hill, and , frnm thence walked to Walter Lindsay's houee, which Janie and her husband btill occupied. She was shown into the drawingroom. In a minute or two Janie made her appearance—in such a hurry of delight and welcome that she did not notice the expression on her friend's face. But after that close embrace, she retired a step to get a better look at her, and then she was startled. " Sabie—what is the matter ?" she exclaimed. hor a moment Sabina did not epeak ; she vrus afraid of brcakiEg down ; her lips were tremukus. And then she caught Janie's hand as if for support. "Janie—Janie—he threatens to—to take ir.y boy away from roe !" It was a piteous cry for help, so stricken down was she by ber terror. " No—it is not possible !" Janie said, with frightened eyes. " My boy—my darling—that was just all the world to me ! My—very—life !" But here she gave way altogether, and sank on to the couch behind her, and bid her head in the cushion, and sobbed and sobbed. " My boy—my darling !" she kept moaning at intervals between her sobs. And then, in the very wildness of her grief, a confession was wrung from her that she had never uttered before—" God knows, I—I thought I was—unhappy enough ; but—but this is more than I can bear." Janie was frightened—overawed, perhaps; but not for long; she summoned all her courage to her; and ehe knelt down by her friend, and put her hand on her shoulder. "Come, coir.e, Sabie, don't give way so,. Why, how jou frightened me ! You think he can take your boy away from you ? What a silly notion ! Where is all your common sense gone to, Salit ? You poor thing, you have been living EO 1.1'ich alone that all your nerves are gone astray, and anything terrifies you. A threat? But what is a threat? A threat is nothing. And it's your husband, I suppose, who says he will take away the boy from you. I needn't ask. But he hasn't done it; and he won't do it; I suppose you think there is no law in this country ? Come, come, Sabie, dear, pull yourself together; and tell me how he came to threaten anything so ric iculous." Janie was very cheerful and courageous ; but Ehe grew less so as .Sabina, rather fulteringly, told her tale; and at the end of it she was very much concerned. For the truth was her knowledge of the actual state of the law was no more exact than that of Sabina herself. "I'll go and ask Philip; perhaps ho can tell us." At the door, however, she suddenly paused and came back. " In any case," she said, desperately, " in any case, the question never need arise at all! What you have to do is to persuade your father to give you the money; then the whole thing is right. No one will attempt to take the bov !" "I will do my best," Sabina said—with weary eyes aDd sad lips. " Bat I have no hope in that direction—none whatever." Janie went away to the studio to fetch her husband ; and on their way back through the garden she briefly told him Sabina's story, with some observations on the character and conduct of Fred Foster which might perhaps have startled that gentleman had he heard them. But she moderated her voice when they drew near the drawing room. On their entrance, Sabina looked up quickly and anxiously. " You see, now," Janie exclaimed, with an air of triumph. " You thought there was no law in this country. But if Phil, tells you tbat you have the absolute guardianship of your child—that your husband can't interfere for years and years to come" "No, wait a moment," the young artist Eaid, less passionately. " Tbat is only my impression, Mrs. Foster—my belief. But, gocdness knows, I am not going to say anything in favour of the law as regards the guardianship of children, for, as far as I know it, it is most abominable and wicked. I am sot quite ture at what sge of the child the father's legal control of the child begins—but it is early. I know tbat; and then not only has he the sole right to say what education, what religion, what companionship the child is to have, but he can take the boy or girl, as it happens to be, away from tbe mother altogether—without the mother having done anything to justify his doing so I I hope I am mistaken ; buc I am almost certain that is the law ; and a more iniquitous thing was never imagined. It is simply playing into the hands of a scoundrel; for, cf course, a respectable man would not take the child away from his mother so long aB she was fit to take the charge of him" He stopped and blushed hotly. "I beg your pardon, Sirs. Foster," he stammered. "I was not even thinking of your husband—I was talking about the abstract question. And how I happen to know something about it is this—I know a case in which the nusband, having premised hefore marriage that if there were any children by the marriage they were to be brought up in the religion of the mother, changed his mind afterwards, tcok the children away from hc-r, bad them educated as he v^iehed, aud brought up.in his own religion, and refused to allow the mother to see them—except under a Judge's order, that enabled her to pay them a shurt visit at stated times. That is how I happen to know what the law is; and a more mocstrous thing couldn't be conceived." " Bat, dear Sabie." Jacie said, eagerly, "in the meantime he cannot touch your little bey!" "Do you think that is any consolatioc?" Sabina answered—but without reproach ; her eyes were absent. Philip Drexel turned to hia wife. " It's Mrs. Wfcittington who is sitting; to me this morning. I shouldn't be at all surprised if she knew when the father can assume the sole legal control of a child. It's wonderful how much some of those people know, where their interests are concerned— all abont rates and taxes, School Boards, County Courts, and things of that kind. If Mrs. Foster will excuse me for a moment, I •will go and pee." He nent along to the studio, and returned in about a conple of minutes. " For the first seven yearB, she says, the mother has the guardianship of the child; and I am almost Bare she is right." " Do you bear that, Sabie ?'" Sabina turned very pale. " When he is seven years of age ? Janie, think I Just think of it!" she said, piteously. "The boy grows np with you—your omy companion—every fibre of your heart answering to his lightest touch ; and then, when he is seven, he is snatched away from you, and you may never see him again. God forgive me, buc I conld almOEt wish that my little one were dead now and in his grave; I should follow Eoon." She rose wearily. " But in the meantime, Sabie, he is all yours,"Janie protected. "And yours only. No one can touch him." " Think cf my life with this terror hanging over it," she said. " And what can I do ? I am helpless— helpless." Janie caught her by the arm. "Sabie," she said, vehemently, "you are not going out of thiB house like that. I will not allow you to go away in that frame of mind. And while Phil and I are alive you need not say you are helpless. _ What are ycu to do now ? Why, nothing is more simple ! You and I will get into a cab, and we will go along to your father's house, or to the Waidegrave Club, or wherever he is likely to b= : and then you must prevail on him to let you have the money—and there •w ill be no question at all of taking the boy away. That is what has to be done—it is as ciear as daylight." " Ui,fortunately," her husband interposed. " it can't be done just at this moment. Sir Anthony Zembra i« in Aiitft erp." S-ihina turned quickly. *' How do you know ?" " He is over there at the Industrial Conferees ; I saw the names in this morning's paper," was the answer. " Ah. well, it does not much matter," Sabina said ; and her eyes looked tired and worn. " I could not have gone to see him without thinking over what 1 ought to Bay to him. I will go back to my little boy now ; I need not niies any half-hour of being with him—while that remains to me." "Janie," said the young artist, sharply, " why don't you ask Mrs. Foster to stay with us for a few days until ber father comes back from Belgium ? The baby could be sent for," But Sabina would not hear of that; nor would Ehe allow J anie to go back with her to Witstead. Janie went with her to the Notticg Hill Gate Station; aud then insisted on goiou w ith her to Victoria ; and there they had to wait a little while for the train. The time was spent mostly in silence ; for Janie's heart was heavy within her, except whin iiery pulses of indignation and wrath shot through it; and the knew it was not worth while giving toi?o to these. And even her parting words of consolation and hope died away before the terrible loneliness and despair of this woman's look. All the way home Janie was haunted by that look ; and also there was ringing through her brain au appeal—a single phraes that she had heard or read, though at the moment she could not remember where—but surely it was a far-rer.chiDg cry of anguieh— j " Is there no pity sitting in the clouds?" CHAPTER XXXLII. ALLIES. When Fred Foster went to call upon Mrs. Fairservice in Jermyn-street, it was not without studied preparation; his hat and boots and gloves were all new and neat; and he had taken the greatest care of his general appearance. As she came into the room, and carelessly gave him her hand, her sharp eyes noticed this at or.ee, and she laughed a little. " What, then ?" he said, rather resentfully; for no one likes to be scrutinized in that fashion. " We're fir art, ain't we?" "What did you expect?" he said. "Did yon want me to come in a fancy dress, like a ready-money fielder ?" " 1 was thinking of Scarborough," Ehe said, good-naturedly. " Oh, don't you think I am objecting. Quite the contrary. I think your appearance now would_.be much more likely to intpire the confidence of the betting public. •£.nd 1 hope it's a sign of a change of luck—I do. indeed." She was putting aside the window curtains to let a little more of the afternoon light into tbe dueky apartment, while he put his hat and gloves on a small side-table hard by. But when Bhe turned to him again she seemed to be strucklwith something in his lock. " Hallo," she (said, " what's the matter with your eyes ?" "There's nothing the matter with my eyee," he said, with still further subdued resentment. " There seems to be with yours, though. They're remarkably inquisitive this evening." " You don't drink," she said. "No, you were alwayB too wide-awake for that. What have you been doing ?" He was both impatient and angry, but did not dare to Ehow it. He muttered something in an apologetic way of his having suffered severely from toothache of late, and of his having tried chloral to procure him a little rest. He did not choose to tell her that it was the sleeplesB nights of agony and remorse following his mother's death that had driven him to this dangerous resource. " Then you'd better stop," Mrs. Fairservice said, plainly. " If yon and I are going to do anything together yoa'll want a level head. I EuppoEe you understand?" " Lon't you be afraid," he said. " I can't see how an attack of toothache is going to inteifere." " Come, sit down, and tell me how your affairs are," she said, in a friendly fashion, but ttill regarding him with a watchtul eye. " At any rate you are in London—that's a hopeful sign. Got everything squared up yet ? Let me see, who was it who was coming in as peacemaker ?" "Oh, I am all right," he said, with an assumption of easy confidence. "That is to say everything wants a little time ; but I see how it is to be managed. You mean Raby. No thanks to him. No ; he played me a shabby trick, though Johnny Russell swears it was only carelessness or indifference. Well, it doee not matter much. Russell has turned out a brick. And yet it does not seem such a great deal for a fellow with all his money to hold out a helping hand." " You see, Master Fred, that depends," Mrs. Fairservice remarked, coolly. "One does not like in any case to throw good money after bad, I am giad your yoang friend thinks better of your prospects. What's his little game ?' " I don't know what you mean," he said. " Why, what is his reascn for coming forward in this magnanimous way, and hauling vou out of the ditch? It isn't often done. What is his inducement?" " Well, I call it pure good-fellowship— friendship if you like." She thook her head. "No," she said, with a smile, "That won't do. That's too thin. Or else he's an awful Eoftie." " Women's views of friendship may be different from men's," he said. " I don't know. However, it does not matter. The fact remains that 1 hope, with Jack Russell's help, to have everything fair and square in a very short time. And now the question ia—what abont Bernard?" wS.ii'n It was curions to notice the sharp and sudden alteration of her look. Sbe had been quite pleasant aEd debonnaire; even her scanning of his appearance was noc unfriendly ; her cynical confidences were uttered in perfect good nature. But the mere mention of Bernard's name sufficed to change all that in an instant. When next she spoke there was a baleful fire in her eyes, and her mouth was drawn and hard. "I bad half forgotten," she said, with a kind of laugh. "Seeing you so smart, J fancied you had come to take me to the theatre. I had almost forgotten Mr. Bernard. One will forget one's best friends Ecmetimes." She went to the Bideboard, opened a drawer, took out a photograph, and bringing it back, threw it on the table before Foster. " There, do you know who that is ?" she Eaid, with another ironical laugh. It was a portrait of a thin, wizened, prematurely old-looking young man, who was dressed as if he was going to a wedding, with a large " buttonhole in his frock-coat. "Well, you might call him a swell, now, if'you like," Foster said. " Bought this out of a shop window, I suppose ? You see what it ia to be famouB. Cabinet Ministers, Archbishop?, and jockeys; I suppose Joe Canity was in excellent company." " You may suppose anything you like," she retorted, " but don't you imagine I bought that out of any shop window. Oh, no, that is a present from Mr. Joe himself. And that ie the footing we are on now." " You've seen him ?" he said quickly. " Very much," was the collected answer. " Cbariie Bernard was over at Redcar. Joe was quite pleased to see an old friend. And you should have heard him swear on his honour as a gentleman—his honour as a gentkman—that not a living soul should know I had spoken to him. Now what do you suppose a jockey's ' honour as a gentleman' is worth? Can you put a price on it? No ; I den't want to say anything against the young man ; he was very friendly with me, very grateful; I believe I could bring tears to his eyes by appealing to his noble sentimentB. Wouldn't you like to see that? I should. Fancy a jock with tears in his eyes—his hand clasped cn his hgart" " Yes, but ma he say anything ?" Foster interrupted. " ¥ es," she said, slowly, " he told me that the rumonrs they have been putting about that Jackson will never be able to bring RoBcrawn thoroughly sound to the post are all gammon. The horEe is aB fit as a fiddle. Tbat might be a good thing for you, eh ? But I suppose yon're not doing much business with the pencillers at present?" " You know that is not whatil asked you,"' he Eaid, peevishly. " Well," she Eaid,?|" you and 1 must understand each other, Master Fred. I should want to see you in a rather more seenre position before chancing anything. How much time do you -want? I confess I am in no great hurry. If I go fcr Charlie Bernard at all it will be a thorough tbicig I can tell you, and I can bide my time. Indeed, there's cothing else to be done at present. With Goodwood, Brighton, and Lewes over there's nocning worth mentioning now till the Leger, except the Ebor Handicap, and pantly says that Bernard has no great faith in P<3d Manual." " He's not going to back Red Manual ?'' Foster exclaimed—but this was really intended to give her the notion that information of t he kind was becoming valuable to him. " To no great extent, anywav, if the immaculate Joe is to be believed. So that's not to be thought of. No, no; as I say, I'm going to take my time; Jce and 1 are far, far, far from being sufficiently friendly as yet; and as for you—you're no use to me as you are." It was plain speaking, but be did not wince. " You want time for yourself. Give me the same," he Eaid ; and then he added, " I suppose you have some engagement for this evening." "I? Not I. I only came to town this rooming." " \ou spoke of the theatre," he said, rather nervously. "What do you say, now, to com ine and dining with me at a restaurant, and then I will Eend up a commissionaire to one of the Bend-street agencies to ee sure a box ?" She was inclined to look upon this as a riece of bravado, but guessed that perhaps he bad fallen in with a little money Bomewhere. Aud he had, for the £50 had, somewhat unexpectedly, arrived from Buckinghamshire, and Foster was determined to make this go as far aB possible in showing evidence of his bettering condition. How n uch would Mrs, Fairservice imagine lay behind that little offer of a dinner and a box at the theatre ? " No, we'll divide that programme into two halve?," Ehe Eaid, "Yoa may go and see about the box now: I will order a bit of dinner for us here. What o'clock is it?'' Perhaps this was sarcasm; she could see that his watch pocket waa empty. " I have Itfc my watch at home," he said. " I'ut I should fancy it must be close on six.' "Then po and get the box," she said " And I will order dinner for six-thirty, We may as well see the farce, if there is one ; and I have good, healthy, old-fashioned taetes," Now not only did Mr. Foster go and secure for himself an expensive box at one of the best theatres, but also he went round by Covent Garden and purchased for Mrs. Fairservice a very beautiful bouquet. He himself carried it back with him to the hotol ; and when he presented it there was no apparent cyniciEm in the smile of thanks with wLich Ehe received it. Perhaps she was a little bit impressed by this display of affluence, despite her habitual shrewdness. At all events, here he was in London and with so little fear of being laid by the heels, or otherwise interfered with, that he was proposing to go to a pnblic theatre. Indeed, as they sat at dinner, she became much more frank with him about her relations with Cantly, and her plans for working upon these. Once or twice, too, Ehe seemed to imply that she was counting upon his— that is, upon Foster's confederacy; and so anxious was he to assure her of his being a gerEon worthy of trust that he would not, at rst, touch a drop of wine. " What's up now ?" she said, when he refused. " I don't wish to provoke any more complimentary remarks," he answered. "Oh, about the look of your eyes?" she Eaid. " If it comes to that, I would sooner see you drinking wine than drugging yourself vi ith chloral. How long have you been at it?" " How long have I been at it," he repeated. "How long does a fit of toothache last? About a century, 1 suppose?" " Well, it must have been a pretty long fit to have altered your appearance so," she said, shrewdly. "I fancied you looked rather white about the gills when we met at Scaroroogb. And that's not like yon. Yoa bsed to keep yourself in pretty fit condition." n " I am as well as ever I was in my life," he said bluntly. " And I will take some wine— I would rather do that than be picked to pieces." " Oh, 1 didn't mean to offend," she said, good-naturedly. "It waa only a little friendly enquiry. And by the way, Master Fred, it has occurred to me that, in view of certain possibilities in the fntnre, it would be as well for yon and me not to be seen together at that theatre to-night. One or other of as most keep in a Bafe corner in the box." " 1 quite agree with you," he said, quickly. " And'as I haven't evening dress on, III keep in the background." In due course of time Mrs. Fairservice's carriage was summoned, and they drove to the theatre, where, if he remained discreetly withdrawn from the public gaze, Bhe waa very much en Evidence indeed, with her opeTa-glase, and fan, and bouquet. It is to be feared tbat he did not pay great heed to the performances tbat followed. He had learned a good deal tbat evening. It was abundantly clear that, whoever might help him out of present straits, that person was not Mrs. Fairservice. Further than that, it was just as clear that she would have him present a pecuniary clean bill of health before accepting him as her coadjutor. On the other hand, she still seemed to count on his assistance; there was some little time yet in which to prove himself eligible for the honourable post; and the more he studied the possibilities of the scheme she was planning, the more he saw what a splendid coup it would prove for himself, if properly managed. But in the meanwhile the paramount need was money. Money must be got at all or any hazards—if only to stay the mouths of the wolves who were hunting him. When he had safely escorted Mrs. Fairservice back to her hotel, and made an appointment to Bee her that day week, he walked away np Regent-street to the Rochambeaa Club, and asked if Mr. John Russell were within. The Ro:hambean was a Email club, of somewhat .shady reputation, and chiefly devoted to baccarat, £carte£, poker, and billiards. At this hour—a little after 11—it seemed deserted; looking through the glass panels of the inner doors, Foster could only see one or two young men dawdling about, in evening dress and crushhats, and apparently just arrived from the theatre. However, one of these did happen to be Mr. Johnny Rn&Bell;, who, when summoned by the waiter, came leisurely along into the outer hall, chewing a toothpick, and looking at once surprised and amused. " Well, this is a fair piece of bluff, this is," be eaid. " I had to chance it—there waa no help for it," was Foster's answer. "No, no," the flabby and white-cheeked young man said, facetiously, " I can harr'ly believe it. What do yon hold in your hand? Three aces and a pair, I'll be bound. Or a straight flaBh? You've got something to show." " I wish I had," Foster said bitterly. " I've come to town to ask yoa to do for me what Raby sneaked out of. A shabbier trick was never played. Your excuses for him only make it worce; for he never need have undertaken it at all, if he didn't mean it." " Have a drink," said Mr. Russell, coolly. " That is one of the advantages of a proprietary club ; yoa can have anything, at any time, and for anybody, that will put a penny in the manager's pocket. Or a bit of supper? The fellowB haven't come in yet; there's nothing doing." " No, I would rather not go into the clnb." Ruseell laughed. "The cavalier in hiding—good subject for a picture." Foster considered the pleasantry rather illtimed ; but was glad enough to find Johnny Rnssell in good humour. " Come out for a bit of a stroll," he said. "Wecan talk without risk of being overheaid." Russell put on a light overcoat,. and together they went out; the dusky throughfares around Hanover-square gave them ample opportunity of uninterrupted conversation, " Are you going to stand my friend. Jack ?" was Foster's plain question. "To what tune?" was the equally plain answer. " Well, if you will lend me -£300—if I can show it—I can put my.hand on another £200; and that together surely should pacify them in the meantime " " £300'." the other Baid in less friendly fashion. " Why, Raby never suggested anything eo much as that. "No, because he didn't know what a chance I had," Foster said, eagerly, "He thonght it was merely to put me on my legs again, But it isn't that. I daren't tell yon what the chance is—but it's a very big thing " " Oh, yes, it's always that," the younger man said, evidently dSiking the whole situation. "And perhaps it is a good chance. But, you know, Foster, I don't quite see why I ehould pay in order to let yoa have another gamble." " It isn't gambling at all," Foster protested —and he was earnest enough on this occasion —" it is giving me a 'helping hand to let me get my head above water—and jast whea there is a fresh start offered me. Besides, man, you will be paid—every farthing." " It's easy to Gay that," the other grumbled. 1 1 Oh, bat this time it really is all right. As soon as Sir Anthony Zembra comes back from Antwerp my wife is going to him to get him to increase her allowance—there's the grandson to be considered you see—and out of that inci ease Bhe will pay yoa back the whole of the £300, if yoa only give her time. I need ;not appear in it at all. The instalmentsmonthly or quarterly, as you please—will be forwarded by her. it IB as safe as the Bank." " How do you know that Sir Anthony will give yonr wife what Bhe asks ?" the other said, still suspicious. " Why, he's bound to. Bat I'll tell yoa wbat—-wait and see. I am content to abide by the result." " Who is to let me know ?" Johnny Rnssell said, rather coldly. This was so plain an intimation thit Foster's word might not be considered as all- Eufficient, that for a second or two he WJLS rather at a loss. But presently he said, " Why, it's very simple. Will you be content with this? If my wife writes to yoa ; and sayB she is in a position to pay you so { much a quarter, and will do so, will that satisfy jou ?" " Yes, certainly." " And you will let me have the money ?" " Yes." "It's a bargain, then," Foster said, with evident relief. " Mind you, old fellow, I haven't said much about gratitude and all that, but I don't forget such things. It's when a fellow is down that he feels them most. Come," he said presently, " there's a public-house down there. Let's have a brandy and soda on the strength of this. I've been at the theatre this evening—witha Mrs. Fairservicc—and doing propriety. I ehould like a drink." " Public-house brandy," said Johnny R U B ECII. rather gloomily. " Why didn't you have it at the club?" "Ob, it's all the same—it's all corn and potato spirit," Foster said, cheerfully. " it will be quite a new sensation for me to stand treat at a counter—a remembrance of old days when you had got hold of a thirsty bookie and wanted him to give you something like Christian prices. The worst of three places is that their spirits are so diluted that you can hardly taste them; the only way is to have a double dose." So Foster and bis friend went into the private bar and had their drinks there, though Johnny Russell did not seem to like the Icok of this unfamiliar place. "And how long are you going to face it out in London?" the latter asked. "It's pretty cheeky, you know." " Yes, I believe you," Foster said—to whom a deep draught of the brown brandy and Eodawater seemed to have imparted a new animation. " But I am quite aware that the atmosphere of the metropolis of England is much too sultry for my constitution; I'm eff to morrow or next day. I shall vanish like a ghost—until I hear it's all right abont the £300, and then I'll get you £200 and give you a liBt of people—the Jennings, and Jim Deane, and a lot of them, and you'll have to do yoor best to bring them to reason. 1 know you will do it far better than Raby. They would suspect him. He's too keen a file all the way round. Bat they mast know you have nothing to gain ; shan't we have a jolly little dinner, old man, when I can come back clear and safe—at the Bristol, eh ?—the old room!" There was a kind of incoherence aboat hti talk and manner, though that coald hardly, be attributed to drink, tor he had taken very little wine at dinner, and had since touches nothing till now. "Where are you off to, then?" hie com-" panion said. "Oh, I'll find Eome safe quarters somewhertf —where I can see a morning gallop or two/ Not in Yorkshire, though, I hope ; just yout believe me, I had a baddieh time of it wnen I was there. I never was BO down on mj luck" "You're not looking very well after it« anyway," Russell siid, regarding him witi< hia pale, lack-lustre ev?a. "No, by Jove, yon're not looking up to the mark." " Neither would you be, I dare say," Fostetf rejoined, with simulated cheerfulness. " WelL old man, you're off back to the Club, J suppose. I m going down home to try and get some sleep. I've had Bome bad nights, lately." Outside the public-house there were a fevs final words of undertaking and direction^ and then they parted, and went their several ways. 