^agtehkwk's Victory. rV.^.BriBL'jd; Drsos. '-?'-' V i ?MW-»'*t~'...^*r.--^'.' :.'. - -Jr.. ?!, . -. . The Ioi^&TiarseV;^nd^orse' 'racing is a national chuacterifitacbf Australians. In no country, Tioi even England, isthe fondness Tor equine eompetitians bo general. Old tunas, whooan look back to the fifties, nay remem ber that tbe enihnEusm evoked in every little country township on a local race flay amounted almost to delirium even then, when the best jiadi brought forward were settler's ' backs or the cobf of butchers and bakers. The settlement which could -not support a race meeting those days was generally regarded ae'a'-'povertv^striekea. ialf-dead hamlet, mot fittoiK the abiding place -bf a Mongolian leper, and no man could be found to say a good word for it. Those who can call to mind.ibe bush .races of '58, and.the, fierce excitement they gave ' rise to in-albcality for weeks previous to the great day, the stiff .sums that were planted on fa voritev&isxare; bestowed on* the horses, and the liquor drank to their good health, cannot be surprised when they turn to the Cu}- race of to-day and regard, the teeming thousands who rush to witness, it, the riches and -anxiety ex pended over It^ the eorrowf ul groanE and joyful cheers which greet the winner, and the enor mous influence the sport exerts over the na tion—these are but the natural growth of the iiHafcoation evinced on every bosh course in the early days. ' '? '? uorses always ran to win tnoee tunes; there was no baying over, no pulling favorites, every owner raced square, and bis inmey was on the horse he entered. Some splendid cattle pranced into the.arena at the sound of the bell frequently enough £ fine, 'psfr-ft*?^ inp animals, iritn g-losEj- sides .and lota of blood, though their pedigrees may have been, mislaid in the confusion of a new country. ' The Settlers' Club race meeting at lieth bridge, on St. Patrick's iday in the year 'oS, was an-event which excited great' interest over ajl die surrounding district for weeks before hand. , ? .The advent of the B&Uuat; line had given business an astonishing impetus in Lethbridge, money -was plentiful, good ?horses were numer ous, and the presence of 'two ortfcree hundred rollicking, devil-may-care Dairies, all tended to fceigbteeh interest in the Settlers' Club The greatrerent-of the day was the Steeple chase, a- four, mile race over rough jnmps and heavy ground. Twelve horses were entered, bat besides. Eaglehawk a-nd Vixen noprad was thought to have a ghost of a show. Heretofore Yissn had 'beaten everything pitted against her, but Eagleiuwk wae a new-coma-, £ beau tiful chestnut— ' ' Roundioof y, short- jointed, fetlocks shag and long ; Broad- breast, foil eyes, Email .head and nos *'l wirig ? l^igh crest, .ebott ears, straight legs, and pass a r ing &frong-; . - . - Thin mane, thick tail, broad buttock, tender And hi&performauces; were whispered about to be something wonderful- He was owned by Klr.'.^am^s Ware, a young. fellow who kept a stoise on feline for a Melbourne firm. Mr. Ware rjna not been' 'long in the district, but during his short residence he had contrived to ! make more1 friends than many -who' had Eved j tuere! for Tears. He was a 'fine, handsome, ! sunnr-tempoed'yoong fellow of about twenty- I tjro, Jail .and elim, blug eyes, fair-haired, and I r/ossessedor jovial humor that was contagions I to all but Miss Alice Stanford, the proud ' owner of tne invincible Visen. ; There was some misunderstanding between tbBsertvo. .: They imagined they dis'iied each other cordially ; neither knew the i^hr nor wherefore. At the fust meeting he had glanced at.'ier, ind .thought- what a- very pretty, eu I*rior sort ofyoiing lady she was; she had peeped at him from Hnaer her broad- brimmed hat, «wH thought irbat 2- handsome, gentle manly' sort jrf a young fellow ' be was-; and they had fetraightway assumed an air of icy re serve towards each other, which was quite foreign to both their -natures and altogether 11T13ifiWpT'Tfo»fr1lf» -^ : 'Midi Stanford told her friends that she thought Mr. Ware was a bit of a fop, and Mr. Ware told his friends that he thought Miss Stanford was absurdly uppish and too tanned to be* called pretty; and when Miss Stanford had occasion bo go to the store she gave her or ders '.briefly and stared fixedly and coldly at the illnstration.upon a tobacco box, whilst all Mr; Ware's cheery spirit seemed to go out from Kin, and lie served her in frigid silence. Yet, in reality, tiiese two had a lively interest in each others-it was truly remarkable. 'Miss Alice Stanford was the daughter of a big-hearted pastoral gentleman who owned a farm on the banks of the Moorabo.l. He loved his daughter better than all the world besides, and by his indulgence had dune en-mpu t : spoil fifty urdiuai-j £Jrie; bui, Jui±x *;i»a.niA;aii ondi, nary girl; s'ae had grown u:- Fe'f-witled, lit ' very charming and :«v^Jj:-;.?-:t!ii:. * V Vixen was Miss Alice's pride and jriy. The mar? had be%n reared especially for her ; the conquests of the banitiful tlack am'm&l; ware sources of the greatest giatificati'in to her young mistress ; and when the pampered and petted Alice heard that Mr. Ware had' entered £ag)ehawk for tile Steeple die easily con vinced herself that-his Bole deie was to spilfe her by winning tie etak'. and the trophy, and she became more determined than ever upon i Vixen gaining the day. ' . ? i K the tarn nmst be known, the nTigallant - idea of bringing Alice Stanford down-a peg be i two had some weight frith Jim ; be thought it ? won d be great satisfaction for somajirog h.e | didn't know exactly .what. As a matter of fact, altii'dugh he would jiot adnut it ^ven to himself, Alice's bearing towards 'him piqued him. considerably ; -he' would rather have been good chums with the hade-eyed, brown baited girl than with all the oilier girls within a day'* journey.' . : * * ' Of course everybody bad noticed the eoeln ess between' Jim Ware and' Alice Stanford. It is a very 'trifling matl^r that escapes tile eyes and tongues of tnegosdps in a email township, and tiie {steeplechase was soon regarded rather as a trial for mastery between Alice and Jim. It was not so much a matter of ' Will Eagrlehawk win?' or 'Will Vixen win:-'' as 'Will Jid Ware or A'ice Stanford scoop the honors V Eaglehawk and Vixen were discussed from *?{*»* f*ft V ** *9.% tigs afpttW cw- ; -each horse baa a strong party ofTJackers wlio 'descanted long and -earnestly on the good points of the two favorites. - Whiskey galore was drunk to the success of both animals, and as theday grew jiearer the' eixitement ran to ferer. hsight. and the conversation was con fined exclusrrely to Miss Standfwrd, Ml Ware, ATxen, Eaglehawk, and yoxmg Cody, the boy .who- wot, to :ride .Vixen.; Jim Ware had decided to mount Esglehawk himcglf ?OnTliie.day before the races Alice and Sim had passed in Hfli£fetreet;-sW whi aiiu^hty toss ft her head, he with a nonchalant (6wing of bis whip. JFhii episode was fireelyiiscpsseS at the public-house, end nujre money was staked and moretoasts were drank. Vixen was. in splendid form and. Alice was confident TLe excitement kept Tier cheeks in a/perpetoal glow. - She informed her father, j£ least'a dozen tim«» a day, that 'that im pudetit coxcomb, ^aneaning Jim, 'arould look ranarkably snali Rafter the race,' and iix, Stanford would smile in an agcravating way, and -ask hoc 'did she really disliKeyfiung ^\rare sp verj' much.. .;..?' ?'}'?;?;,.,??? ,'Or,coiiirseI dQ,l?*1' would barter reply, 'Doesn't he want fc- win only to spite me f I just Jiate him -T ' ? '- '. ** Gammon !'. her father would reply, quiri c^ly ; ' which n6ually put Alice in' » bad tumor, and made her fltiai np very -scarlet- - ? The inoriiing.of St. rP^tnciris Say, 11S5S, tRxike beantifally fine, and, before tie liret race was -started everybody who lived within* radiusef fifteen miles, and cuuld ride, WAlk, «r Jimp, collected pn Hie Settlers1 Gouise, a la jw^^-Tyj rjJ .«payp '^pidiiTi a Datch of spaisely The'-Btatfet was there in a'red btml«r's 'coat, mountfea oni j^ey ponF^likeirimIe,Miiid pnt ing oa a lot oi style; ; Tbfe jn3ge- a.etout, pom pons gentleman, the proprietor oT the local public-h'rase, was also there ;as was the clerk m the e-rjrse and the menibcra of the commit tee, all important rentUsmenjiVearing rosettes, and fds-iing about in an iiunless way. Mr. James Wane was there, laughing and chatting vPftir* 4hkb' auj3 all^' And 'slipping a&de;^fo die *ent to tave a lijuor with every third nan who came along. : ButJWr-Slaifford and Alice «nd -Vixen werelateBrriring, and ivhen'tbEy fljd.eomeiilibewBEpttle, and her fatfaer looked neasy. ? ...c-iiiXii-l'. .:os-.:--;;iiabE ' The news spread like wild-fire that Vixen's rider had been thrown early in themoming, and hurt bis leg so that it would be impossible for Lira to uiomit. Here was a how-d'ye-do? Everybody knew Vixen's temper; she would permit no one on her back but Alice and the hurt .stable boy, young Oody. Vixen's backers groined in spirit, and each and all felt their day's Eport was spoilt ; the steeplechase would be a gift For Eagle Ijsiwk, sntbe whole meeting would prove as stale as beer drawn yesterday. There was nothing for it bat to take another whiskey and bear up. By-and-bye, however, a rumor went rnund : Vixen was to run — yet, who could ride her to win but Cody ? — it was a forlorn hope at the best. The three preceding races were run without exciting much interest, and then the horses for the steeple trotted down to the scratch, and the crowd pressed to that point ; and as Jim came cantering along the sward, mounted on his magnificent chestnut, the people cheered madly, and the air was derkened with .hats. Jim wore his colors, blue and white with blue cap, and leaked handsome enough to touch the heart of the colde-t damsel, tagle hawk was in the ]-:nk of condition, and his supporters were vociferous in their pr.iise. ' Vixen ' Vixen !!' L es, uere nac corner, iea ity j-xr. ^taniora, and looking fit far anything. She receives an ovation equal to that accorded to Eaglehawk. But who shall ride her '! where's the jockey 1 The query is still on the lips of the people, when a slight figure in a short, tight-fitting riding-habit, wearing a bright pink cap aod a pink sash. Vixen's colors, breaks through the crowd, and takes her stand at the side of the blwk mare. i 'Miss Alice!' The cheers are deafening; the people go rwild with excitement, and sway about like a {field of corn before a breeze. It is noticed that ?Vixen is carrying a- very small side-saddle. Alice is going ro nde her. ; A red spot bums in either cheek or the girl ; jber lips are firmly eet,«nd the looks beautiful, indeed, patting the glossy, arched neck of her ?pet. f Mr. Stanford looks perturbed, and before fassifting Alice to the saddle he makes a final [ineffectual jappeal ±o_her~to_abandon .her .mad cap undertaking. But Alice is firm ; she will never give it up of her own free will. When she first proposed to ride Vixen for the 6teeple, Mr. Stanford laughed at it as a joke, but by arguing, coaxing, tears and caresses, she had at length gained his consent. He knew his daughter to be a fearless equestrienne, and had grown accustomed to seeing her take Vixen .over three-railed fences at & ga!lop. -He :t nought her safe if she beytout of the ruck, land knew he could trust Vixen for lhat much. . ' Be very careful, darling !?' '. ' Sever fear, father ; Vixen and I know each other, k - - -- '?- ? ? ' l * ' -- - ' Alice sits her horse, with -perfect grace ; the ; reins are gathered in her right hand, whilst 'she graspiakeen whip in her left. She looks stiaight before her, awaiting the word, and once more the crowd cheers lustily. . ' Vixen will win V \ 'She bows to them, smiles, and answers '? ' Vixen trill win 1* All-in a line the horses stand, champing their bits impatiently. - Vixen has the inside miming, Eaglehawk is further a -field, and Jim is scanning Juice's face nervously ; heisthink ingnlbre-of hfer danger now than of the *aca- ? I 'Allready?-; . ; 'They are off: they are off!!' -T, ; With a brave'sweep the torses fly pist, be [tween two lines of eager faces. The first, second, and third jumps are cleared ; an out sHerTHls'at the fourth. ? ' ~ ' '' Once round.. . _. . .- - Aliie Hdfcs magjiificently,* hplding lief mare [with wriKts ofabeelj 'and sitting as-rf AfeVere ,- merely takings a .canter across the paddock. I Jim rides beside ''her, watching her every [motion. Eaglehawk anil Vixen- teep neck [and neck. ' - '. ' ' .'v \- Twice round, and only five horses are left on ithaeooree. --. s.i: ----- '? -»?'.'?.'- ' | Three times Eaglehawk is pulling all he can, and looks fresh as a rose. Vixen keepstiy his\ mde, not aljit trouHea, but her rider is^ [deathly pale, and, with lips apart and fixed eyes, jshe sits staring before her; he* wrists have (weakened, and a strange dread is in her heart. : Vixen takes' die tit in her month, and is nn Imanageable. :. . . - ' i : . ' The people see this as the pair rush past, and \- are as quiet as mice ; they have ceased scream ing: 'vixen wins!' ' '-.- See ; Alice is rolling in her saddle, the mare ! has broken from the course, and is thundering. [across country through the sparse timber, i heading direct for Iso. 5 cutting, the deepest ton the jifie. Jim caught a look of agonized appeal in the girl's eyes as Vixen swerved, and in a second I Eaelehawk is at Vixen's heels. : X-.w'rfare- toe race; the stake= are a liffl. : T_.-;re ii nothing that can prevent the frightened m,^»_- Irjm dashing with her rider over the : casting if Eaglehawk is not the better horse. ; On, oi the two gallon, beating the hollow : e£rfh with their fierce hoofs, and throwing up ;thsr£ii£, .green turf at. everj' stride.' . . ' 'JSav ivho will win, yiieii ur Eaglehawk ?'- i The people stream' after the flying horses;' iin^ *f^t i fry jg b^prH, t|U_at lejig^h one shou£ i comes from every throat : i ' Eaglehawk will do it !' » T — y-^ SlowlV 'but 'sorelyVEaglehawk ''works u» Be side?the mare. ' Jim has Reached Vixen%-rein. Dragged from bis own horse, he clings manfully, to Hie mare, and, though bruised -and beaten: by her iron hoofs, he .succeeds in stopping her sufficiently to allow ;§J*,jUlS^8lipping to the ground. Then Jim_ is jjeaien down, and five seconds later Vixen rushes headlong into^ the. Alice ran to the jounptnanVj side, aad lifted his bleeding head. He opened his eyes, laiighed'and-said:1 .?-??????,: 'Thank God ! Eaglehawk won !' Jim was taken to Sir. Stanford'^ home on a I stretcher, ai^IOb^jqifyjCaEed a-hang about any more racing that'day. The 'doctor rcpnned a broken arm, .and several scalp wounds, but nothing serious enough to militate against' Jths pleasuneiot being nursed by Alice. ' . : Vixen broke her neck in the falL It will not surprise £he gentle reader to .know that,' before Jim -was strong enough to - *esume his duties at the store, he and Alice had agreed that they; had loved each other from the very first moment .they met — which is a most peculiar thing. .... Eaglehawk was Mrs, Ware'a favorite horse as long as he lived, and when he died his grave wasnot anhonored. * / ' ' '' .Jiit r. .... ;j._ ? — -Bobby came into the house sobbing -and told his mother-.that-^rommr- Wcile hai kicked him. ' Well, Tommy White is a very bai boy,'e^id_Bpbby's mother, etviog him a large piece of ^ite. , _' Ton. didn't kick him back, did T^nti 1' 'uSo,v repUfea' Bjbby, between 3-itea; ** tHcked;himfirsC; i- '1 'Habit' is hard -to -overcome. If yon take off the firet letter it doBetft 'chaoge 'a bit.'- If you tafce off another you have a- ''bit ' left .'? If yon take ofl another the the whole of 'it' remains, if yon re^ move another it is now ' t ' totally used np. All of which £ocs tosaow tba1: if you wish to be rid of a -j id habit you 'moet throw it off altogether. 'TbE tuembera of a brass liaad at Concord, Doited States,, were pra^tiaDgin the rooms iu the fourth story of _* warehouse, when fire brok^pnb-in U»e: b4iiL-iing acd thoy bai, to jump fronlj tie| winSowt.j' Thole whofhkve lived nfar a place where a band, or a' tingle member w a *ia£,Jfceh!t Ally 'practices on bra=s.,horfl£^ .will ja'.ways iilieve Jh»bihe ba^aitig e£ that, warehouse was the work pf an incendiary '. . There ie coining m-uch more meurnfal, ;'or wlvth causee grealer despera tibn on 'the part of the listener, than r the tooting cf ail 'amateur band, practicing on * ijfeir !toine,' ea * : member : Uying lo play it alone, in his o» n war. One«aneytnva±lm.e w;t%:r*he'!'poof p!a.'crs. ss they , -fill Uieir cheeks, ahdilaw until -their Bknllserack, and their ean; ring, and they Wow a. front tooth oati tut why do they do it, if jit is such i wofkT Most people. would ralhernevei hear! a brasB ,band_play than ii6:en to '{he j»ra:~ Uce. . Howerat' ^hat fire»t Concord' might have been an accident, but a Bharp detf ctive could find clnoe tiat might ivcrk up into; areon, and attempted tnsre'er, but the judge would acquit the incezidia'j, if convicted, «&,? the ground of eelf defence, or insanity. ' 