She : a History of Adventure. Bv H. Ridbk Haggard. (Author of ' King Solomon's Mines,' ' Dawn,' ' The Witch's Head,' &c.;) Chapter XXV.— THE SPIRIT OF LIFE. I did as I was bid, and in fear and trembling felt myself drawn over the edge of toe stone. I sprawled my legs out, but could touch nothing. ' I am going to fall !' I gasped. 'Nay, let thyself go, and trust to me,' answered Ayesha. Now, if toe position is considered, it will be easily understood that this was a greater demand upon my confi dence than was justified by my knowledge of Ayesha's character. For all I knew she might be in toe very act of consigning me to a horrible dogm. But in life we some tones have to lay our faith upon strange altars, and so it was now. ' Let thyself go i' she cried, and, having no choice, I did. I felt myself slide a pace or two down the sloping surface of toe rock, and. then pass into toe air, and toe thought flashed through my brain that I was lost. But no. In aupther instant my feet struck against a rocky floor, and I felt that I was standing on something solid and out of reach of the wind, which I could hear singing away over head. As I stood there thanking my stars for these 6mall mercies, there was a slip and scuffle, and down came Leo alongside of me. * , ' Holloa, old fellow 5' he called out, ' aro you there ? This is getting interesting, is it not?' Just ihen, with a terrific yell, Job arrived right on the top of us, knocking us both down. By the time that we had struggled to our feet again Ayesha was standing among us, and bidding us light the lamps, which for tunately remained uninjured, as did the spare jar of oil. I got out my box of Bryant and May's wax matches, and they struck as merrily there in that awful place as in a London drawing-room. In a couple of minutes both the lamps were alight, and a curious scene they revealed. We were huddled up in a rocky chamber some 12 feet square, and scared enough we looked ; that is, except Ayesha, who was standing calmly with her arms folded and waiting for the lamps to burn up. The chamber appeared to be partly natural and partiy hollowed out of the top of the cone. The roof of the natural part was formed of the swinging stone, and that of the back part of the chamber, winch doped downwards, was hewn from the live rock. For the rest, the place was warm and dry — a perfect haven of rest compared to the giddy pinnacle' above, and the quivering spur that shot cut to meet it in mid-air. ' There,' said She, ' safely have we come, though once I feared that the rocking -stone would fall with ye and precipitate ye into the bottomless deeps beneath, for I do believe that the cleft goeth down to the very womb of the world. The rock whereon tho stone resteth hath crumbled beneath the swinging weight. And now that he,' nod ding towards Job, who was sittiug on the floor, feebly wiping his forehead with a red cotton pockethandker chief, 44 whom they rightly call the 4 Pig,' for as a pig is he stupid, hath let fall the plank, it will not be easy to return across the gulf, and to that end must I make a plan. But now rest a wliilo and look at this place. What think yethatitis?' 44 We know not,' I answered. 44 Wouldst thou believe' that once a man did choose this airy nest for a daily habitation, and did here endure for many years ; leaving it only but one day in every ten 'to seek food and water and oil that the people brought, more than he could carry, and laid as an offer ing in the mouth of the tunnel through which wc passed hither?' We looked up wonderingly, and she continued: 'Yet so it was. There was a man — Noot, he named himself — who, though he lived in the latter days, had of the wisdom of the sons of Kor. A hermit was he, and a philosopher, and skilled in the secrets of Nature, and he it was who discovered the Fire that I shall show ye, which is Nature's blood and life, and also that he who bathed therein and breathed thereof should live while Nature lives. But like unto thee, oh Holly, this man, Noot, would not turn his knowledge to account. 4 111,' he said, 4 was it for man to live, for man was bom to die.' Therefore did he tell his secret to none, and therefore did he come and live here, where the seeker after Life must pass, and was revered of the Amahagger of the day as holy, and a hermit. And when first I came to this country — knowest thou how I came, Kallikrates? — another time will I tell thee, it is a strange tale — I heard of this philosopher, and waited for him when ho came to fetch his food, and returaed with him hither, though greatly did I fear to tread the gulf. Then did I beguile him 'with my beauty and my wit, and flatter him with my ?tongue, so that he led me down, and showed, me the Fire, and told me the secrets of the Fire, but he would not suffer me to step therein, and, fearing lest he should slay me, 1 ^refrained, knowing that the man 'was very old and soon* would die. And- 1 returned, having learnt from him all that he knew of the wonderful Spirit of the World, and that was much, for the man was wise and very ancient, and by purity and abstinence and the contemplations of his innocent mind had worn thin the veil between that which we see and the great invisible truths, the whisper of whose wings at times we hear as they sweep through tho gross air of the world. Then— it was hut a very few days after— I met ? thee, my Kallikrates, who had wandered hither .with the Egyptian J Amenartas, and I learned to love for the first and last time, once and for ever, so that it entered into my mind to come hither with thee and receive the gift of Life for thee and me. Therefore came we, with that Egyptian who would not bo left behind, and behold, we found the old man Noot lying hut newly dead. There he lay, and his white beard lay on him like a garment,' and she pointed to a spot near where I was sitting ; 44 but surely he hath longfsince crumbled into dust, and the wind hath borne his ashes hence.' Here I put out my hand and felt in the dust, and pre sently my fingers touched something. It wafe a single human tooth, very yellow, but sound. 1 held it up and showed it to Ayesha, who laughed. , ' 44 Yes,' she 6aid, 44 it is his without a doubt. Behold what remaineth of Noot and tho wisdom of Noot— one little tooth. And yet that man had all life at his com mand, and for his conscience' sake would have none of it. Well, he lay there newly dead, and we descended whither 1 shall lead ye, and then, gathering up all my courage, and courting death that I might perchance win so glorious a crown of life, 1 stepped into the flames, and behold! life such as you can never know , until ye feel it also flowed into me, and I came forth undying and lovely beyond imagining. Then did I stretch out mine arms to thee, Kallikrates, and bid .thpe take thine immortal bride, and behold, aB)I spoke, thou, blinded by my beauty, didst turn from me and throw thine arms about the neck of Amenartos. And then a great fury filled me and made mo mad, and I seized the javelin that thou didst bear, and stabbed thee, so that there, at my very feet, in the place of Life, thou didst groan and go down into death. I knew not then that I had power to slay with mine eyes and will; therefore in my madness slew 1 with the javelin.* 44 And when thou wast dead, ah 1 I wept, because I was undying and thou wast dead; 1 wept there in the place of Life so that X had been mortal any more my heart had surely broken. And die, the swart Egyptian— die cursed me by her gods. By Osiris did die curse me, and by Isis, by Nephthys and by Hekt, by Sekliet, the lion headed, and by Set, celling down evil on me, evil and everlasting desolation. Ah 1 I can see her dark face now lowering o'er me like a storm, but she conld not hurt me, audi— -1 know not if I could hurt her. 1 did not try; it was nought to me then; so between us we bore thee hence. And afterwards I sent her — the Egyptian — away through the swamps, and it seems that die lived to bear a son and to write the tale that qhould lead thee, her husband, back to me, her rival and thy murderess. 44 Such is the tale, my love ; and now is the hour at hand that shall set a crown upon it. Take all things on the earth, it is compounded of evil and good ; more of evil than of good, perchance, and writ in letters of blood. It is the truth ; nought have I hidden from thee, Kallikrates. And now one thing before the final moment of. thy trial. We go down into the presence of Death, for Life and Death are very near together, and who knows ? that might happen which should separate us for another space of waiting. I am but a woman, and no prophetess, ana I cannot read the future.' But thie 1 know — tor I learnt it from the lips of the wise man Noot-4that my life is but prolonged and made more bright. It cannot five for aye. Therefore^ be fore we go, tell me, oh Kallikrates, that of a truth, thou dost forgive me and dost love me from thy heart. See, Kallikrates : much evil have I done — perchance it was evil but two nights gone.to strike that girl who loved thee j cold in death — but she disobeyed me and angered me, j prophesying misfortune to me, said I smote. Bo careful ! * It, will be observed that Ayesha's account of :tbe death of Kallikrates differs materially from that written on the potsherd by Amcnaitas. The writing on the sherd says : ' Then in her rage did she smite him by her magic, and he died.' We never ascertained which was the correct version, but it will be remem bered that the body of Kallikrates had a spear-wound in the breast, which seems conclusive, unless, indeed, it was inflicted after death. Another thing that wc never ascertained was how the two women — She and the Egyptian Amcnartas — managed to bear the corpse of the man they both loved across the dread gulf and along the shaking spur. What a spectacle the two distracted creatures must have presented in their grief and loveli ness is they toiled along that awful place with the dead man between them 1 Probably, however, the passage was them— H_ju. when power comes to thee also, lest thou also shouldst smite in thine anger or thy jealousy, for unconquerable strength is a sore weapon in the hands of erring man. Yes, I have sinned — out of the bitterness horn of great love have I sinned — hut yet do 1 know the good from the evil, nor is my'heart altogether hardened. Thy love, oh Kallik rates, shall be the gate of my redemption, even as afore time my passion was the path down which I ran to evil. For deep love unsatisfied is the hell of noble hearts and a portion for the accursed, hut love that is mirrored back more perfect from the soul of our desired doth fashion wings to lift us above ourselves, and make us what we might be. Therefore, Kallikrates, take me by the hand , and lift my veil with no more fear than though 1 were some peasant girl, and not the wisest and most beauteous woman in this world, and look me in tho eyes and tell me that thou dost forgive me with all thine heart, and that with all thine heart thou dost worship me.' She paused, and the strange tenderness in her voice seemed to hover round us like a memory. I know that the sound of it moved me more even than her words, it was so very human, so very womanly. Leo, too, was strangely touched. Hitherto he had been fascinated against his better judgment, something as a bird is fascinated by a snake ; but now I think tbat all this passed away, and he realised that he really loved this strange and glorious creature, as, alas ! I loved her also. -At any rate, I saw hiB eyes fill with tears, and he stepped swiftly to her and undid the gauzy veil, and then took her by the hand, and, gazing into her deep eyes, said aloud : 44 Ayesha, I love thee with all my heart, and so far as forgiveness is possible I forgive thee the death of Ustane. For the rest, it is between thee and thy Maker ; I know nought of it. I only know that I leve thee a9 ' 1 never loved before, and that I will cleave to thee to the end.' 44 Now,' answered Ayesha, with proud humility, 44 now when my lord doth speak thus loyally and give with so free a hand, it cannot become me to lag behind in words, and be beggared of my generosity. Behold !' and she took his hand and placed it upon her* shapely head, and then bent herself slowly down till ono knee for au instant touched the ground— 4 4 Behold, in token of submission do I bow me to my lord! Behold!' and she kissed him on the lips, 4 4 in token of my wifely love do I kiss my lord. Behold !' and she laid her hand upon his heart, 44 by the sin I sinned, by my lonely centuries of waiting wherewith it was wiped out, by the great love wherewith I love, and by the Spirit — the Eternal Thing that doth beget all life, from whom it ebbs, to -whom it doth return again— I swear. 44 1 swear, even in this first most holy hour of com pleted Womanhood, I swear thut I will abandon Evil and , cherish Good. I swear that I will be ever guided by thy voice in the straightcst path of Duty. I swear that I will eschew Ambition, and through all my length of endless days set Wisdom over me as a guiding star to lead me unto Truth and a knowledge of the Itight. 1 swear also that I will honour and will cherish thee, Kallikrates, who hath been swept by the wave of time back into uiy arms, ay, till the very end, come it soon or late. I swear — nay, I will swear no more, for what are words ? Yet shalt thou learn that Ayesha hath no false tongue. So I have sworn, and thou, my Holly, art witness to my oath. Here, too, are we wed, my husband— wed till the end of all things; here do we write our marriage vows upon the rush ing winds which shall bear them up to heaven, and round and continually round the rolling world, with the gloom for bridal canopy. ' And for a bridal gift I give to thee my beauty's starry crown, and enduring life and wisdom without measure, aud wealth that none can count. Behold! the great ones of the earth shall creep about thy feet, and their fair women shall cover up their eyes because -of the shining glory of thy face, 'and their wise ones: shall be abased before thee. Thou' shalt read the hearts of men as an open writing, and hither and thither shalt thou lead them as thy pleasure listeth. Like that old Sphinx of Egypt shalt thou sit aloft from age to age, and ever shall they cry to thee to solve the riddle of thy greatness that doth not pass away, and ever shalt thou mock them with thy silence. 44 Behold ! once more I kiss thee, and by that kiss I give thee dominion over sea and earth, over the peasant in his hovel, over the monarch in his palace halls, and cities crowned with towers, and those who breathe therein. Where'er th9 sun shakes out his spears, where'er the lonesome waters mirror up the moon, where'er storms roll, and Heaven's painted bows arch in the sky — from the pure north shrouded in her snows, across the middle spaces of the world, to where the amorous south lying like a bride upon her azure seas breathes in sighs made sweet with myrtle bloom— there shall thy power pass, and thyv dominion find a home. Nor sickness, nor icy-fingerea fear, nor sorrow, and pale waste of form and mind hovering ever o'er humanity, shall so much a sshadow thee with the shadow of their wings. As a god shalt thou be, holding good and evil in the hollow of thy hand, and I, even I, I humble myself before thee. Such is the power of lovo, and such is the bridal gift I give unto thee, Kallikrates, royal son of Ra, my Lord and Lord of all. 44 And now it is done, mid come storm, come shine, come good, come evil, come life, come death, it never, never can be undone. For, of a truth, that which is is, and being done is done for aye, and cannot be altered. 1 have said — Let us hence, that all things may be accomplished in their order and, taking one of thelanips, she advanced towards the end of the chamber that was roofed in by the swaying stone, where she halted. We followed her, and perceived that in the wall of the cone there was a stair, or, to he more accurate, that some projecting knobs of rock had been so shaped as to form a good imitation of a stair. Down this Ayesha began to climb, springing from step to step, like a chamois, and after 'her we followed with less grace. When we had descended some 15 or 16 steps wo found that they ended in a tremendous rocky slope, running first outwards and then inwards—like the slope of an inverted cone, or tunnel. The slope was very stoop and often precipitous, hut it was nowhere impassable, and by the light of the lamps we went down it with no great difficulty, though it was gloomy work enough -travelling on thus, no one of us knew whither, in the dead heart of a volcano. As we went, however, I took the .precaution of noting our route as well as I could ; and this was not difficult, owing to the extraordinary and most fantastic shape of the rocks that were strewn about, many of which in that dim light looked more like the grim faces carren upon mediaeval gargoyles than ordinary boulders. For a long period we travelled on thus, half an hour X should say, till, after we had descended for many hundreds of feet, I perceived that we were reaching the point of the inverted cone. In another minute we were there, and fonnd that at the very apex of the funnel was a passage, so low and narrow that we had to stoop as we crept along it in Indian file. After some 50 yards of this creeping, the passage suddenly widened into a cave, so huge that we could see neither the roof nor the sides. We only knew that it was a cave by the echo of our tread and the perfect quiet of the heavy air. On we went for many minutes in absolute awed silence, like lost souls in the depths of Tartarus, Ayesha's white and .ghost-like form flitting in fropt of us, till once more the cavern ended in a passage which opened into a second cavern much smaller »b«n the first. Indeed, we could clearly make out the arch and stony banks of this second cave, and, from their rent and jagged appearance, discovered that, like the first long passage through which we had passed in the cliff, before we came to the quivering-spur, it had to all appearance been torn in the bowels ot the rock by the terrific force of some explosive gas. At length this cave ended in a third passage, through which gleamed a faint glow of light. I heard Ayesha give a sigh of relief as this light dawned upon us. ' It is well,' she said; 'prepare to enter the very womb of the Earth, wherein she doth conceive the Life that ye see brought forth in man and beast — ay, and every tree and flower.' Swiftly she sped along, and after her we stumbled as best we might, our hearts filled like a cup with mingled dread and curiosity. What were we about to see? We passed down the tunnel ; stronger and stronger -the light beamed, reaching us in great flashes like the rays from a lighthouse, as one by one thgy are thrown wide qpon the darkness of « ? ? the waters. Nor was this all, for with the flashes came a soul-shaking sound like that of thunder and of crash ing trees. Now we were through it, and — oh, heavens ! We stood in a third cavern, some 50 feet in length by, perhaps, as great a height, and 30 wide. It was carpeted with fine white sand, and its walls had been worn smooth by the action of I know not what. The cavern was not dark like the others, it was filled with a soft glow of rose coloured light, more beautiful to look on than anything that can be conceived. But at first we 6aw no flashes, and heard no more of the thunderous sound. Presently, however, as we 6tood in amaze, gazing at the wonderful sight, and wondering whence the rosy radiance flowed, a dread and 'beautiful thing happened. Across the_ far end of the cavern with a grinding and crashing noise — a noise so dreadful and awe-inspiring that we all trembled, and Job actually sank to his knees — there flamed out an awful cloud or pillar of fire, like a rainbow, many coloured, and, like the lightning, bright. For a space, perhaps 40 seconds, it flamed and reared thus, turning slowly round and round, and then by degrees the terrible noise ceased, and with the fire it passed away — I know not whither — leaving behind it the same rosy glow that we had first seen. 44 Draw near, draw near !' cried Ayesha, with a voice of thrilling exultation. 44 Behold the very Fountain and Heart of Life as it beats in the bosom of the great world. Behold the substance from which all things draw their energy, the bright Spirit of the Globe, without which it cannot live, but must grow cold and dead as the dead moon. Draw near, and wash ye in the living flames— and take their virtue into your poor frames in all its virgin strength — not as it now feebly glows within your bosom, filtered thereto through all the fine strainers of 1000 intermediate lives, but as it is here iu the very fount aud seat of Being.' We followed her through the rosy glow up to the head of the cave, till at last we stood before the spot where the great pulse beat and the great flame passed. And as wc went we became sensible of a wild ana splendid exhilara tion, of a glorious sense of such a fierce intensity of Life that the most buoyant moment of our strength seemed flat and tame and feehle beside it It was mere effluvium of the flame, the subtle ether that it cast off as it passed, working on us, and making us feel strong as giants and swift as eagles. We j-eaehed the head of the cave, and gazed at each other in the glorious glow, and laughed aloud — even Job laughed, and he had not laughed for a week— in the lightness of our hearts and the divine intoxication of our brains. I know that I felt as though all the varied genius of which the human intellect is capable had descended upon me. I could have spoken in Blank verse of Skakspearian beauty, all sorts of great ideas flashed through my mind, it was as though the bonds of my flesh had been loosened, and left the spirit free to soar to the empyrean of its native power. The sensations that poured in upon me are indescribable. I seemed to live more keenly, to reach to a higher joy, and sip the goblet of a subtler thought than ever it had been my lot to do before. I was another and most glorified self, ana all the avenues of the Possible were for a space laid open to the footsteps of the Real. Then, suddenly, whilst I rejoiced in this splendid vigour of a new-found self, from far, far away there came a dread ful muttering noise, that grew and grew to a crash and a roar, which combined in itself all that is terrible and yet splendid in the impossibilities of sound. Nearer it came, and' nearer vet, 'till it was close upon us, rolling dowu like all the thunder-wheels of Heaven behind the horses of the lightning.- On it came, and with it came the glorious blind ing cloud of many-coloured light, and stood before us for a space, turning, as it seemed to us, slowly round and round, and then, accompanied by- its attendant pomp of sound,' passed away I know not whither So astonishing was the wondrous sight that one and all of us, save She, who stood up and stretched lier hands towards the fire, sank down before it, and hid our faces iu the sund. When it was gone, Ayesha spoke. 44 Now, Kallikrates,' she said, 44 the mighty moment is at hand. When the great flame comes again thou must stand in it. First throw aside thy garments, for it will burn them, though thee it will not hurt. Thou must stand in the flame while thy senses . will endure, and when it embraces thee suck the fire down into thy very heart, and lot it leap and play around thy every part, so that thou lose no moiety of its virtue. Hearest thou me, Kallik rates ?' 44 1 hear thee, Ayesha,' answered Leo, 44 but, of a truth — »I am no coward — but I doubt me of that raging flame. How know 1 that it will not utterly destroy me, so that I lose myself and lose thee also. Nevertheless will I do it,' he added. Ayesha thought for a minute, and then said : 44 It is not wonderful that thou shouldst doubt. Tell mc, Kallikrates: if thou seest mc stand in the flame and come forth unharmed, wilt thou enter also ?' 44 Yes,' he answered, 44 1 will enter, even if it slay mo. I have said that 1 will, enter.' ' 44 And that will I also,' I cried. 44 What, my Holly !' she laughed, aloud; 44 methought that thou wouldst naught of length of days. Why, how is this?' 44 Nay, I know not,' I answered; ' but there is that in my heart that calleth me to taste of the flame, and live,' 44 It is well,' she said. . 44 Thou are not altogether lost in folly. See now, I will for the second time bathe me in this living bath. Fain would 1 add to my beauty and my length of days if that be possible. If it be not possible, at the least it cannot harm me. 44 Also,' she continued, after a momentary pause, 44 is there another aud a deeper cause why I would once again dip me in the flame. When first 1 tasted of its virtue full was my heart of passion and of hatred of that Egyptian Amenartas, and therefore, despite my strivings to fee rid thereof, hath passion and hatred been stamped upon my soul from that sad hour to this. But now is it otherwise. Now is my mood a happy mood, and filled am I with the purest part of thought, and so would I ever be. There fore, Kallikrates, will I once more wash and make me clean, and yet more fit for thee. Therefore also, when thou dost iu turn stand in the fire, empty all thy heart of evil, and let sweet contentment bold the balance of thy mind. Shake loose thy spirit's wings, and take thy stand upon the utter verge of holy contemplation; ay,* dream upon thy mother's kiss, and turn thee towards the vision of the highest good that hath ever swept on silver wings across the silence of thy dreams. For from the germ of what thou art in that dread moment shall grow the fruit of what thou shalt be for all unreckoned time. 44 Now prepare thee, prepare, even as though thy last hour was at hand, and thou wast about to cross to the land of shadows, and not through the gates of most glorious life. Prepare, I say!' 