OLD GR?IDLEY'S GHOST. 'Why, Dunham, what is the .matter .Haow your hand trembles. Are you sick Z' 'No, not exactly.' 'What. ails you then ? Speak out, man. Have you been seeing'a ghost 1 'To tell the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning. I havenot made a trip these twenty years that I dreaded like this. ' Seen old Gridley again ? 'Yes.' SPshaw ! I thought that was-it. Haven't you seen him a dozen times before and no thing came of it . 'This time he had his sextant. All this was at the breakfast table. Dun ham was' mate of the Oro ,ino, miaking tri monthly trips between Portland and San Francisco. He had sailed' thirty yed.rs, been round the world twice, been captain about six years, but lost his ship and could not get an other, and so was glad to he first mate of the Oro Fino. I)nnham was in the habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for he never saw but one; that was old Gridley. Gridley was mate of the vessel on which Dunham made his first trip as a ship- boy, That trip was Dunham's first, but Gridley's last. Gridley had a passion for beating the boys with a rope end ; he died'in the act of beating Dunham ; Gridley was taking an observation with the sextant, and, as the boy was passing with a bucket and swab, a sudden lurch of she ship threw him against the mate. Gridley seized a rope end and was belabouring the boy soundly when a boom, providentially left loose struck him and knocked him overboard Ever since that, on numerous occasions, Dunham had seen Gridley's ghost-usually with a rope end, but sometimes with a sextant. He had never been able to see any particular fatality portended by the vision' with the rope end. He had seen it a dozen times, and on some occasions, his best luck had seemed to follow the apparition. Not so when the ghost with the sextant appeared. He had seen this only twice-once, the night before 1,f f!! £from the foretop and broke his le? mi the other time, the night before his ship was boh cast away. sto Last night was the third time. He had as] awakened and found himself lying on his ye; back. The room was perfectly dark, it was wz also perfectly still. Dunham could see no- ke thing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless gn( he felt that something or somelbody was in ho the room that ought to be out of it. He fis& also. felt a draught of cold air. an Dunham was no stickler for ventilated the apartments, and had carefully closed and no locked the windows before retiring. The air in, could not come from the windows, neither sa' could it come from the bedroom door, for ha that opened into the sitting room just oppo- on site to a window, and if the door had been TI open he could have seen the window. tii Despite his natural courage Dunham was th frightened. He raised himself on his elbow mi very cautiously. He looked about the room, sic but could see absolutely nothing. He reached over to where VXaggie, his wife slept-she b3 was there. He moistened his finger in his sp mouth and held it up. He then could sensibly feel the draught of air comling from the foot pr of his bed. He got up and struck a light. Looking over his shoulder as he did so, he of saw, at the foot of his bed, old Gridley. It lo would do no good to shout loud-his wife in would only laugh at him. He had often waked hi her up to look at the ghost, but she professed -H never to see it • It would, do no good to go , J, up to the apparition and try to seize it-he In had often done this, and it only disappeared a for an instant, to reappear in another part al of the room. So he left the lamp burn- n, ing and got into bed .with eyes, fixed on th, i w figure. l This time Gridley had his sextant, and li seemed busy bringing an imaginary sun down to an imaginery horizon. The operation ai completed, the figure turned to the bureau ci and seemed to be making thie calculation. ci Then he turned to Dunlam, and shook his u head negatively, and dashed the sextant to hI the floor. A sudden crack startled-the mate. J He had turned the lamlpwick too high, and I the chimney had cracked and fallen to the si floor. fl In the morning Dunham was a little c nervous. BHwever, having taken a cup or g two of strong eoffe, and if it must be con- h fessed, a .thinmblefull of brandy, he felt more composed. Joey Dunham, the mate's only child, a boy t of ten years of age, almost always accom- s panied his father on his trips. .This time t Dunham proposed to leave him at home; but t the boy seemed so disappointed that his t father finally gave way, and they started to gether down to the wharf. What a busy scene is the departure of an t 1 ocean steamer ! Drays, 'busses, cabs, car- 1 riages, rattling and thundering on to the quay.; mountains of luggage piled upon the wharf, or being loweired into the hold : stal wart Atlases staggering under the worlds of i trunks whlich they have shouldered ; mates, I a crews, porters, cabmnen, passengers, boys, all I shouting lustily in solo or chorus; the ship's I engine blowing off steam with a deafening I roar; the timid ladies, making tle&r; first trip, I Seing lel trembling over the plank and up the- stairway, and laid on the sofas in the r cabin; old voyagers, with one leg over the 1 rail, smoking their cigars-all conspire to t make the scene one of rare-excitemnent and confusion r Joey was perfectly at home, and while his father was busy, stole up :into the wheel , house, which had been incautiously left un a locked. The wheelman, coming along soon after, met Joey stealingdown the steps, look o ing scared mnd guilty. Now the gun is fired. Thle bell rings. Y The hurry and confusion are increased ten t fold. Hasty farewells are said ; hasty kisses r exchanged ; handkerchiefs are brought into e vigorous use. The throng of friends who have come only to say 'good-bye' hegin to h pour over the plank to the wharf. The cap h tain stands on the paddle box. THe stoops d and pulls a handle ; down in the depths of k th monster tinkles a bell; in a second more > the paddles dash the water into foam. The Ln captain stoops awl pulls the hendle again ; f. paddles stop, but the ship is started enough b to allow the cables to cast off. They are all cast off hut the stern cable-that, still holds, and the head of the great black monster swings slowly out into the current. Another pull attlhe handle, another splash of the paddle and the stern cable is cast off. The gun Ssounds : she is loose ; i. cheer from the crowd an the wharf, a cheer from the crowd on deck, and the ship. has fairly turned down the n. steam and began her voyage. In an hour she was at the mouth of tihe a Williamette, and struck the strong, full cur rent of the GColumhia. lIaving more sean e room now she begins to use her strength. Tihe flames roar through the flues; the engi near turns ona full head of steam; the clear sweet water of the river, cut neat and clean 1't by the prow, is dashed into snowy foam by io- the paddles, and sinks and rises in a swel ling wake for half a mile to the stern. Fish Ing boats and Indian canoes glide past her " like shuttles, anud before you can fairly turn to look, are tossing and rocking on tmhe swell many rods behind. n A black hull, supporting a cloud of dingy w .hite canvas is seen ahead. It is the Hud e- son RBy Company's store-ship, bound for he Vancouever. A flasnh, a cloud of white smoke, a heavy thd, and she has saluted ts, the Oro Fine. A jar and a thunder-clap that e; startles the old ones, and sets the ladies to screaming, and the Oro Fino has saluted her. ch Three cheers from the strangers as the 'y, British flag runs up to the masthead, and y's tlhre cheers as the star and stripes curl and he snap in the stiff breeze from our gaffl' Now of that she has passed, and the sun falls on her an canvas, she seems like a great bank of snow he falling on the river,. a Nearly everybody is tired of watching her, st and many have gone- into the cabins to nd avoid the wind which is growing chilly, and a others are composing themselves in twos and m threes about the deck, when a new and' ce more thrilling episode calls them to their ad feet again. Dunham and two men come pe tearing up to the staircase to the quarter ie deck. The bell tinkles and the paddles lar stop. ;he ' Man overboard, is the cry. Everyone rushes to the stern; every one scans the boil on ing current. 'There, I sec him, cries one. to l'He is treading water cries, another. the Everybody can see hlim now; bnt by this mad tjnme the tremendous momentum of the vessel ore I has left him a little speck :a quarter of a mile slhind. It takes Rn ag, to lower the boat. Finally it is off--Dnbha'ni in the stern, and the sturdy sailors bending the ash dangerously. ' Can he hold out I 'Oh, yes ; can not you see him 1 He, is treading water. ' No, he is floating. ' Anyhow, he keeps up bravely. ' How. slow, the boat goes. ' Why do not they pull 'I In fact the boat was cutting the water like a frightened fish. Men on the ship involuntarily bent and strained, as' though they could help in that way. The boat nears the floating ojec't now only a speck in the distance. A joyful murmurm goes up from the ship. ' tie is saved . ' Oh, those strong men. But Dun ham sheers the boat around, -and picks up only- a hat and holds it high in the air. The owner had long since sunk. By the time the tired crew were taken on hoard and the vessel under headway, it was dark. They made Astoria by midnight, and lay to along side the wharf. The wind freshened during the hight~" arid by morning a heavy gale, filled with salt: spray, was driving in directly from the sea. The pilot reported that it would be im- possible to cross the bar in such a blow. So they waited: Dunham's presentiment of had luck had been strengthened by the loss of the man from the ship, and he. was; inore nervous and gloomy than when he left home. So he took his boy and went ashore, He went to the house of a friend and left. Joey there, with orders to return to Port land by the first steamer. He also wrote a letter to his wife-a little longer almost two pages, and a little more affectio nate than usual. He excused himself for writing by telling her that the bar was so had they could not cross it, and it was a little too dull to stay there doing nothing.. By ten o'clock the squall had abated,, and by noon the pilot said he thought' he. could get over the bar by taking the north channel. While the firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house-it was only a few steps-and bade. Joey good-bye, and told him to be a good. boy and mind his mother, and gave hinn sundry other items of good advice which I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to. closely, being engaged in the very amusing. game of see-saw with the little girl 4 the house. By three o'clock the ship was £farly under. way again. By .five, she was safely over the bar, and had put. her pilot" aboard a. steamer which was waiting on the outside. to enter. The captain having been up all the previous.night, went to his cabin and turned in -for' the night. The passengers; \- were all either sea-sick or chilled by the cold wind, and had gone to their rooms and into, the cabin. The wheelrman, by orders from \- Dunham, made out Cape Disappointment. and Tillamook head, and took his ranges. from them and put the ship on her course. \- The ha only time to do this whenr a fog. f rolled up so dense that even the light.on.0ape - Disappointment could-hardly be seen. Dun I ham assured himself that the ship was on. s her right course by going into the wheel: : house and looking for himself. Haying dono this, annd knowing the coast perfectly, hI felt. p pretty safe lie was a little confused and e nervous, howevei-, and so he went down. to. e the cabin and overhauled his 'charts,. auid o read the sailing directions as though he had. l never made the trip before. lIe semced to. be all right. ' Bring your vessel in range of: s Cape Dis-ppointment and Tillamook Head,, 1- and then put her about south by east.' He t- had done this fifty 'times' before, and had.. n come out all right. To be sure that no. mis- take had been made he climbed up to. the wheel-house and quietly asked the main. at. ,. the wheel how he had got his range. Re. \- answered promptly and satisfactorily.. s Everything was according to orders. So o Dunhbm cursed his nervousness, and walked o back to the smoke-stack.. o The. wind had- gone down with the sun,. but a heavy sea was running, and. it was as: sdark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the deci f for half an hour, then went below to get hiis Scloak. Being chilly, h1 went up.to.the hur-. e ricane deck and sat with his back to tile ; smoke stack.- Being nervous he lit a cigar.K ih Being careful he walked forward. to see how 11 things were moving. He thought he heard s, a distant roar. He listened and. could, hear r nothing. 'He walked back to the smdoke r stack. In ten minutes lie came forward" e. again. He thought, hle heard the roar of in surf. He called to.the man at the wheel rd ' Abbot i. · k, ' Ay, ay, sir. .;.. e I ' How does she stand El ' Sou' hy~east, sir.. e That was' all right; that wals. tihe course r- Dunham had put her on. a-: He went to the paddle-box and.- signalledE h. the engine to stop. Then he called a man; ;i- and had the lead thrown. 'Twenty-four. ir Plenty of water,' thought Dunhnramt,. and In started the engine. Hlie then went to. the ly captaiun3 cabin and knocked. The captain l- did not hear the tirst time, antd he knockiedm h- again. - er. ' Who's there E. ra ' The mate. 11 The captain opened a port near thie head of his berth, and asked hlim what the matter y- was. ,unhlam reported. The c?ptain told; d- him it was all right ; that it was foggy, and. or the roar of the surf with-such a sea oni andf no. te wind could be heard ten miles. Dunhannb ed rather thought .o, too, andwent away. Dur- at ing this pa-rley, and while thle mate stopped to a few minutes to look after things below, the ·r. ship had made more than two miles headway. he By the time Dunhamn got on deck again the rd roar of the surf was frightful. He fairly ,d screamed at the helmsman: >w 'Abbott ! er ' Ay, ay, sir. >w ' How's her head? ' Sou' by east, sir. ar, Amazing! Dunham ran to the paddle to box and jerked a signal. The engine stopped. nd Then he rushed to the captain's door and ' -d called him out in the name of the- gods. Both, n(d' flew on deck. There was no mistake about' eir it; there were the breakers not half a nie ne ahead, judging by the sourhl, thunderingand er- Loiling against the shore. l)unhav; liad les almnost run the ship's head on shore, a*l that, too, when she was holding precisely the same -ne course by compass that he had at her on il- fifty times before. ,e. The captain roared : ' Vhat is - her - or. course ? his ' Sou' by east, sir. / - sel ' Put her sou'west. " " : a Sou'wcst. sir, echoed thCE an at the wheel;, as the wheel slpun round and the chains rattled. The captain rushed to the signal bell and started the engine, and got the ship under good steering headway. Scarcely had she started on her new course when a scrap ing sound was heard and felt-then bump, bump, bump, as though the ship had been lifted up and set down hard three times; then a crash and a sudden stop that sent the captain and mate on their faces. and brought the smoke-stacks crashing through the decks, and snapped off the topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunken rock, and be gan to fill at once. Who got to shore, and how they got to shore, matters not. It is the same old story. The news spread on wings. Men came and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf, or dug them out of the sand, or identified them in the shed, or .paced the beach day after day looking out on .tJie remorseless sea that -sullenly clung to its dead. The-captain and the wheelman, Abbott, went to Portland together-Dunham they never found-and there' they, talked over the strange affair., and exhausted all their ingenuity in vain to account for the loss of the ship when on the right course on a still night. When the wrecking tug was ready they went out to the wreck, It still hung on the rocks. The bows were high out of the water. The two men climbed up into the wheel-house. The unscrewed the compass box from its fastening and brought it on shore. There they opened it and lifted up the card and needle, and there lay the little instrument of death-a broken knife blade. The bandle and the rest of the blade were in little Joey Dunham's pocket. He had tried to pry out the glass to see what made the card swing around so when he held his knife by it, and in doing so had broke the blade.' He concealed his mischief and stole away. 