l(it mb ^rniiar A ghost's garment is a shroud of mystery. Strange ns it may seem, when money in closo it is difficult to get very near it. Fish is good brain food, but it does seem a pity, in some cases, to wa9te so much fish, "johnny, bare youn paternal government nt your house!" Johnny—" We have so. I’ve seen papa turn nil the children over, his On the rolling deep. First Passenger— “Well, old boy, whats up this afternoon?” Second Passenger—“ All but the soup." Stranger (entering a photograph gallery in ! hastc^T-",! say, do you take negatives here ?" Photographer—“Yes; do you want to »ilt" Strnugor—" No." A barrister, noticing that the court had gone to sleep; stopped short in the middle of his speech. The sudden silence awoke the judges, nnd tho lawyer gravely resumed—" As I remarked yesterday, my lords—” The puzzled judges stared, as though they half believed they had been nsleep since the. pre vious day. ' Conversation overheard one afternoon be tween two servants—11 Of course, because I wanted to get out, dinner wns late; it wa9 a quarter-past three before master hud finished carving for the nursery; so I took the threo children, stood them up in a row, and washed their faces altogether, or I could not have'' got out.” Mrs. Parson Spire—" My dear, why don't you preach a sermon on woman's extrava gance?" Parson Bpiro—"What are they doing now ?" “ Why, the papor says the new.. fashionable buttons cost two pounds a dozen." ■ "They do?" "Yes, and l'know it’s nb-: solutely wicked." "No, no; it’s all right. I' only wish the buttons I find in the contribu- • tion plate now were worth ns much." " 1 never shot a bird in my life,” said some one to his friend, who replied," For my part, . . I never shot anything in the shape of a bird, except a 'possum, whioh I killed with a stone, when it fell into the river nnd was drowned,” The editor of a paper, in describing' the effects of a squall upon a vessel; says that “ when the gale was at its highest, the un fortunate craft reeled to the larboard, and the captain and another barrel of whisky rolled overboard.” ■■■': ''" I. can't go to sleep at all at nights," Bald.'' Mr, ;D, “ How tiresome it must be to lie - awake. What do you do to pass the time ?" asked Mr. M, "OhI I take a book and read," replied Mr. D. " Ah," Baid Mrs. M., " that is very bnd, for you will injure your eyes if you read much when you are asleep."^ At the dentist's. "Monsieur, you have made me a set of false teeth.” "1 know it," replies the dentist. " You promised me that . they, wonld be exactly like natural ones.", “ Certainly,” “ Well, your false teeth make' me suffer terribly.” " And consequently they ■' imitate nature all the more." If jthere is anywhere in life a silver-fringed, 18-carat, fall-jewellod moment, it is the dia- • mond-bespangled instant when the young - hesband first discovers that hie wife knows •' howl to cook,- -11- c - i Ayoung manwhoeegirl baa red hair, sang, asjhebaaeker.good-night 'afewevenlngs slnoe—" Farewell, my Iove,light of my life,4 - J; farewell 1" • And ho can't imagine what makes her to cool now, •1 •' '• Excited manager—"Here's‘Twelfth Night’ - announced and my leading Indy ill I Who • ■ can-I get .to play 1 Viola?- Leader of or chestra—" I play double bass, violin, viola— anything." • Young Mr. de Lyle (in the conservatory) —"May I present you with a bud,- Miss Societie; from this beautiful plant I" Miss Bocietie (blushing)—" Oh, thank you, Mr. de Lyle. You are very—" Fairy of the House hold (tripping in)—“ I know papa wouldn't like you to pick any of the flowers, Mr. de Lyle, they are only hired for this evening,” : “ Yes, Bobby," said the minister who was dining with the family, “ everything in this world has its nse, although we may mot know what it is. Now, there is the-fly,-for in stance. You wouldn't think that flies were good for anything, yet—" "Oh, yes, X would,”interrupted Bobby, "I know what' flies are good for," “ What, Bobby?" "Pa says that they are the only thing what keeps him awake when you are preaching," r I Teacher—"What -number is quarrel?" Pupil—" Plural." Teacher—" Why f" Pupil —“Because it makes two to make one,"1 