AOTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. \ Morals, justice, liouour, piofcy, good faitli, havo per« islied ; that sense too of shame, which, once destroyed, can never be restored —Seneca. Frauds and rumours of frauds fill the land to-day. And in all probability they'll fill it to-morrow also. This is not the worst, however, for not only does the man who perpetrates a fraud or a swindle consider himself a second Solomon, but there are those who are supposed to sit in judgment on him, and yet back up his opinion by declaring that, so far as his dupes are con cerned, it 'served the dolts right.' The good eld legal maxim, Fraus est celaro fraudem — it is a fraud to conceal a fraud — appears to be played out, and we seem to be now actuated by the spirit of Caralfa, who, speaking of the Parisians, said, ' Since these people will be deceived, let them be deceived.' This being the case, we will let the medi cal ' quacks' down lightly this week, while we wrestle with a few of the many other tricksters who are ' making hay' during the present shiny season. Where so many are at the ;^ime it is hard to say who is the most deserving of blame. A suburban dentist hangs out a sign on which is chalked ' 2th pullin' dim heave/' but if this ia to be taken as a proof of his incompetency, what are we to think of a Crown Minister who would write — ' The rabbutt playg is sumthin' teribil about Will Can Yer.' i ?',' Hn tho way of food adulterations the Mlowing story seems to prove that this tocYative science has reached the very apex of perfection. The eldest ' son in a family of four keys brought home a few yards o£ sausage ^tid soon finished off the lot. The second pi^l'iased some flour and baked a damper, which, he speedily surrounded and 'ie third draoJi heartily from a can of ' pure ' milk. In a £e/(7 moments the three fell dead. The saueafvc had' been given its fine red colour by ™ef»;ns of a poisonous Miiline, the flour contained a fatal per centage of plaster of Paris, and the 'milk held enough chalk to supply all the billiard ' aaloons in the country. T?io fourth brother, eee ing what had happened, came to the conclusion that this world was all a fleeting chow, and the sooner he got outside of it iha better. Accord ingly he secured four boxes of ' Eough on liais ' ' and swallowed the contents greedily ; bu^-, fro his intense disgust-, the more he took the better lie felt. Sven the poisonous powdor was adulterated. After this he tried to hang himself, but the rope foroke ; then he 'endeavoured to shoot himself, but ihe powder was doctored and wouldn't explode : and at last he decided to live, drank a bottle of i ?soniebcrdy's ' Life Eestorer, ' and died ia two seciwis after. This reminds me that the Ashfield assassins Tiaving failed to poison Dawvid Bu'chaiiao. with pure water, a dastardly attempt ir- being made to starve him to death. In p. letter to the News ©awvid says that these sons of Belial, the Sydney butchers, compel Mm to pay 6d per lb. for that particular class of beef which is known as ' kag ;mag/' whilst at Bathurst some of the primes!- beef ihat ever grew on a bullock can be had for 2d per lib., aud he (Dawvid — not the bullock) indig saaatly asks how much longer is the dowsi-trodden, ikaAf- starved slave to be crushed beneath the 'ruthless heels of those dictatorial despots, the bloated butcherocracy of Sydney P Not knowing, I can't say 5 but feeling deeply interested, as a dowa-trodden, half-starved slave myself, I will be obliged if someone who does know will favour us with an explanation. The only remedy I can suggest ia that Dawvid should talk all the butchers 'co death, and then divide their cattle amongst the slaves that have been so long op pressed. There was a particularly neat thing done in the way of frauds a few days ago by a Queensland Chinaman, who being fined ,£30 for keeping a ' shebeen shop,' paid the fine with three forged ?-? J210 notes and got clear away before the swindle was discovered. John's promptitude in making himself scarce recalls the story of another John, surnamed Johnson, who was fossicking round on a certain diggings in the good old days of 'golden holes,' whisky saloons, and the court of Mr. Jus tice Lynch. Mr. Johnson was hauled along on a charge of holding impromptu inspections of sluice-boxes, annexing bags of wash-dirt, and such like playful proceedings. The evidence against Mm was not strong enough to convict, but as everyone thought Mr. Johnson's removal to another climate was necessary for his health, the verdict of the jury was — ' We find the prisoner at the bar not guilty, but if he has sense he'll be out of this diggings inside of 30 minutes.' The ?:. verdict tickied the Judge, but he repeated it, : word for word, with due solemnity, upon which Mr. Johnson gave his trousers a hitch, and just .. as solemnly replied — ' Judge, if my old mule ? -don't buck me off I'll be out of it inside 30 ; seconds.' Mr. Johnson was a man who could take a, hint, and possessed a most commendable ? ?'. respect for the wishes of his friends. If all, or the one-fiffcieth part, of what we hear is true, our ' unearned increment' appears to be the article most favourable for the operation of shady transactions. For some time past we have all been thirsting for Parliament to meet, in order to know if Honest John M'Elhone's words are true, and the Minister for Mines is really up ' to his neck' in part of our lovely harbour frontage ; and now our curiosity is still further ?? increased by the disclosures made respecting tie sale of the old ' Woolpack Inn' and grounds at Parramatta. This property is to be ' converted' in every sense of the word, from a public-house into a court-house ; and although it was valued au .£7000 only some months ago, the Government have been so smart as to secure it for ,£8500. If rumour doesn't lie worse than a quack specialist's circular, the Minister for Justice is not up to his ankles even in this affair, but the Colonial Secre tary could a tale unfold, if he wasn't too busy waterproofing himself against the abuse which 'will soon be showered upon him. Altogether, our next Session promises to be decidedly lively, and although it would be foolish to expect any real good from it, still we can make sure of hear ing simooms of scandal and enjoying heaps of fun. The Ministerial party, by the way, have had ; quite a hallelujah time of it of late, and ? Sir 'J3nry appears to hare done such doughty ? deeds -with the knife and fork as to clearly estab '-? lish his claim to be called the Napoleon of the banqu st-'board. That he could use these weapons well w as hinted onso before, for a breezy little par. in,. Haynes' Weekly said — ' I have been shown ft letter which Sir Henry Parkes wrote asking £or tho lend (sic) of five pounds to get his Christmas dinner last yGftiv' There wft3 no harm in Sir 'Enry's asking for the u lendJi of a IC fiver' of course— -poor LoCtus had to hypothecate his roostere,, and poor Tasso had to pawn his shirt—but what are we to think of the astounding appetite of a man. who could eat .£5 worth of victuals at a single meal ? Bibby, the Newcastle champion porridge-eater, was never equal to a feat like that ; in fact, if the tale be true, Sir 'Hiiry must be a lineal descendant of the hero who — Ato a cow aud ate a calf, ate a butcher atid a half j Ato a church and ato a steeplei Ate the priest and all the p'ople. All through his receAt binjie-bursting expedi tion Sir 'Enry kjiJJears to have kept his eagle eye oji. the provision department. At Orange liii was the first to lead the terrible charge on the doomed pig aud poultry brigades ; at Molong he discoursed most eloquently on the pumpkins he had seen along the road, 'each of which (to uso his own wotds) would fill a wheelbarrow, and parsnips, one of which would feed a regiment of soldiers ;' and at Parkes it is now generally believed that a second visit fvom our champion free-feeder would bring a worse than Egyptian famine on the land. A G'ien Innes scientist swears that our G. O. M. has 14 stomachic cavities, like a porcupine ; while the universal determination of tho Soufrh-~'n°rR \i to never invite him down to tluir li^-jtiou uupdhis teeth are drawn, or he consents to dine on 'possum pie and grilled ' gohannaa.' Perhaps the strangest and most ridiculous craze our Premier has is an insane desire, to pre sent people with copies of his own ' most illigant an' bee-yutiful phizog.' What his reason is for doing this I do not know; unless he has an idea that the sight of his classic features stuck up on poles would scare snakes and Kiama ghosts from the land, or unless he is actuated by a similar notion to that of the cute old philosopher who thought that the best v/ay to hand his name down to posterity would be to paint it on a board and plant it away in a lumber loft ihat wouldn't be ransacked for a hundred years. How ever, Sir 'Enry does hold the fad alluded to, and in proof thereof, I may mention that some yeara ago he was looking one way and walking another along the Newcastle 3'ailway line when a train came rushing along, and a shunter, at the imminent risk of his own life, rushed forward and dragged the affrighted statesman from beneath the very wheels of the engine. Soon after this the shunter received a large-sized letter in pretty Mr. Parlies' own hand writing, and visions of all kinds of fat promotions floated before the poor shunter's eyes as he eagerly tore open the envelops and discovered a very nice letter and a very ugly photo of Sir 'Enry. At Parkes our jJi'oud old peicock told the people he would present the town with ' an excel lent and exceedingly well-executed bust of him self and a handsome marble pedestal.' Everyone up there who owned a skittish horse gave it away or turned it loose at once, for fear of accident, while the local undertaker enlarged his workshop and gave his hearse a coat of black whitewash. Again, the Molong Express aent a thrill of joy through the land by a par. which said:— 'The Premier, during his visit to Manildra, received a gift of two turkeys which he has since recipro cated by presenting his portrait to the donor.' If the Manildra man had presented Sir 'Enry with an old gander the ' reciprocity' would have been perfect. Probably, the next development of the Premier's lunacy will be his offering himself to sculptor Priino Fontana ?,s a model for a statue of the Apollo Belvidere of the Southern Hemi sphere. Certainly, if 'pride goes before a fall,' pretty Mr. Parkes will come down a terrible crop per before long. In every respect Mr. Minister Abigail's trip would appear to be the most unpleasant to. him- self, and the most disappointing to the country, of the lot. Unlike the general run -of Good Templars, Mr. Abigail is not a great eater, consequently the banquets he presided at were not unmixed joys, for the demon of dyspepsia sat opposite and glared at him over every plateful. Mr. Abigail's mission was to wage war with the bobtailed rabbit invaders' of the land. It seemed to be a settled thing that Mr. Abigail would kill the rabbits, or the rabbits would kill him, or perhaps all of them would die loeked in their death-grips together. Not one of these events came off. Caesar's boastful war telegram, Veni, vidi, vici, must in Field-Marshal Abigail's case be rendered— -'I came, I saw, and I got back again as soon as pos sible.' He discovered tha,* the free and inde pendent rabbit was neither a meek-spirited Civil servant nor a pig- vote elector who could be bullied into anything by a circular from a Loyal Orange Lodge, but a sturdy little foe who cared no more for King Billy or his minions than he did for the mummied Pharaohs. It is even said that upon one occasion a classical old lop-eared buck perched on a rail, and addressing Frawncis, repeated Martial's lines — ' Enough of shows ; now to tliy Skins aloido ; Foar what bofel the ass in th' lion's hide.' Seriously speaking, unless something is done, and done promptly too, for the wiping out of the , bunny banditti, it will soon be a matter for public consideration, monster meetings, and debating societies to decide as to . wjiethe):,: it would be cheaper and quicker to shift tlw rabbits or to shift Australia. On one run, near Balranaldy the owner kills 150,000 rabbits a year* paying (Id a scalp for each, and yet ' the cry is still they come.' On the late Peter Tyson's Eiverina run ?iOiOOO rabbits wore sent to their happy burrow ing grounds last month at a cost of .£900. On this sum tho Government allows 75 per cent. ; so that the managers of the run pay .£1700 a year rental and get a return of .£8100 from the Treasury as their share oi' the rabbit-potting plunder. Altogether our face tiously called rdbbit extermination schema costs the State about .£300,000 a year, and yet for every rabbit that is killed a score of new arrivals bob serenely up to attend the funeral ; and the plain truth is that unless a more effective plan than the present is speedily dis' covered, the game will cost us -£1,000,0010 a year ; that is if the rabbits will leave us enough land to enable us to raise the money. It would appear that any plan, to be thoroughly effective, must be automatic in its working, and, as a sample of this, the inoculation of some death dealing disease has been suggested by Dr. Creed, on the plea that desperate diseases require des perate remedies. The erection of wire fences is of about as much use as the bolting of bank doors with boiled carrots would be, and is therefore a mere waste of money. My own scheme is to cover all the rabbits in the land over with onion sauce and then hire Sir 'Enry Parkes to travel round and eat them. If his appetite kept as healthy as it is to-day, he could clear the lot off in three months, and then be fit enough to eat even his plump friend Haynes raw for his next Christmas dinner. Prom England there comes a wail that rabbits are increasing in price in all the capitals of Europe, the said price ranging from Is 8d to 3s a couple; and yet all we seem able to do ; is to shoot them down and burn ? them. In Paris the skin of the sewer rat is used to make gloves, but we do not seem to have sense or enter prise enough to even keep ourselves warm with the beautiful skin of the rabbit. Millions of rabbits could be landed in London at about 9d a head, and the profit on these would make old Rothschild get out of his grave and turn rabbiter f he could raise sufficient life and powder. Once establish a market for rabbit consumption, and our only trouble then will be to raise enough rabbits to keep up with the demand. Touching the recent tours it is said that some of the Ministers behaved with remarkable liberality — on the principle, perhaps, of gratitude for future favours — and that whiie staying at some hotels they kept a sort of private open-house for a few friends, and liquored them up in a style that would make Ninny Melville do a war dance on his Sunday hat if he saw it. To one of these festive shivoos there came a chiel from the land of Burns, Buchanan, and Burgoo, but it was noticed that he carefully abstained from helping himself to any of the fiery fluids provided. Seeing this, another guest passed over the ' Glenlivit' jug and asked him if he wouldn't take a gentle snifter. : 'Whusper,' said the invited one behind his hand ; ' does each one pay for his ain leequor here ???'? 'Certainly not,' re plied the other ;' this is the Minister's treat drink what you please.' ' Heeh, nion,' ex claimed the canny Scot, 'I wish I kenned the t before. I've bin losin' niickle. time, but shan't I get fu' th' noo— gimme tha whusky, an* plenty o' it.' And he did get 'fu' ' too, and wanted to do the Gillie Kallum on the table, and wrestle the Minister for drinks round ; and altogether he had a braw time, and made himself as noisy as a boiler factory, or two Sunday-school excursions where the crowd was composed of girls only. A few nights ago the Eev. Mr. Auld, of Ashfield, informed his Presbyterian flock that Chrictian teaching told him if he was smitten on one cheek he should turn the other for a tap as well j ? '? but/' added this muscular Christianity divine, 'there is a limit, and if struck too hard I might reply.' It is a pity for Mr.; Auld's congregation that the Bible does not state how many pounds to the square inch the force of such a blow should be; because one of. his fold might venture, to land him a tap in a playful. way, and overshoot the proper pressure. Then Mr. Auld would put his gloves and his Christian teaching jn his hat, and after a few rounds his frisky lamb would look like a man who had just been holding an' indignation meeting in a slaughter-house, while Mr. Auld might wear his nose in a sling, and his clothes: might appear a deal more holey than godly. 'Britain's bul wark' evidently wants more revising. Speaking of this, the, Rev. Field Flowers Goe has just been entertaining his i Melbourne .flock with fairy tales touching his early days' experience amongst the roughs of , London. The pick of the bundle seems to be the story told of a bargee who called at the Goe parsonage one day, and informed the divine that ' Jim theSlogger wanted him to roll round [an' sprinkle his kid for 'iin j' that being Jim's pleasant way of announcing that he wanted his new baby christened. At the time appointed Mr. Field Flowers ' rolled round,' but he had no sooner entered the Slogger's shanty than the proprietor locked the door, put the key;. in his pocket, and asked—' .Be you the pavsoa come to sprinkle my kid ?' To which the parson replied— 'I am the clergyman of thi3 parish, and I have come to baptize youv child.' ' Ah I' ex claimed the Slogger as he haul or! r.fT ];]-, oorvt— ? ' well, now, liaton t' me. I'm a ouva wot savs wot ho means, an' means wot he says ; aud yer dou't stir a peg out 0' this crib, an' yey don't slop one drop on th' kid either till you an' i'rte hez a tussle for it.' See ing there was no way of escape, and remem bering he had studied the 'noble art' at college,- the good pastov went for Jim, and catch ing him a stinger on the point of the jaw, sent him to sleep at once. When Jim came to he sat up and said — ' Parson, you're the man for me. That whack on the jowl was hotter than a hoss's kick. You'll sprinkle the kid, and as nieny more as comes.' On the Sunday following Jim, wear ing a clean shirt and cleaner face, made his first appearance at church, .'accompanied by his wjfe and on the Sunday 'after that a dozen other bargees turned tip as '?well.1 'And, strange as it may seem/' concludes the clerical narrator, ' my encounter with Jiul was the beginning of a better and purer life for him, and Ms wife, and his fellow bargees also.' All this is simply lovely, but it borders too closely on the usual ' tract' tales, and besides the dialogue is suspiciously like that of Mark Twain's parson and the miner, ' Scotty Briggs;' but anyway, it is a capital ad vertisement for our friend Larry Foley, whose rooms will now probably be crowded by clergymen of the Goe-Auld type, who don't believe in being ? smote on th 3 cheek — 'plugged on the jowl 'they'd perhaps call it — over-smartly. And, if the divines only pay ? attention to Larry's school, the nest Anglican Synod meeting will bo livelier than ever Donnybrook was in its best days. 1 