NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Fisk Singers. Oh, Mr. Mais! "I am a pirate king." Mount Gambier en fête. St. Peter's v. Prince Alfred. Disloyally crushed in Sydney. Mr. Mais doesn't like reporters. The Hon. A. Deakin is with us. Sir J. W. Downer has returned. Chicago wheat "corner" busted. "Saunders McTavish" back again. Mr. W. Storrie returned from home. Those boys make up very well as girls. Exhibits continue to arrive from home. Admiral Fairfax at Government House. Government busy formulating their policy. Public Library and Mueeum opened again, Hunt Club meet at Urbrae next Saturday. "Look out for Orroroo Oddfellows' sports." Opinions on the Fisk Singers this after- noon. Civility is inexpensive. Learn this Mr. Mais. " Saunders McTavish"' is amongst us once more. How the Sydneyites did "enthuse" last night! Hearing of the Cradock "ghost" case post- poned. Mr. Cornish, of the Survey Department, re- turned. The Nelson and Opal are both anchored off Glenelg. Sir John is not depressed about the loss of his billet. Read the Fisk Jubilee Supplement this afternoon. How those boys will work on the Oval this afternoon. Our Engineer-in-Chief was not over courteous yesterday. If Sellar gets in there will be a "poet" in each House. More stuff for the Exhibition by the Parra- matta to-day. The Parramatta made the fastest P. & O. trip on record. An attendance of 30,000 at a jubilee meet- ing in Sydney. Ironwork for the bridges on the Goolwa line not satisfactory. Mr. Cotton says his property "has melted away like snow." An enthusiastic meeting of loyal citizens in Sydney last night. Another all-night sitting of the New South Wales Parliament. Fie! Mr. Mais; why were you so naughty at the Port yesterday? Mount Gambier and Narracoorte Railway to be opened to-day. Mr. Mais "supposes" Mr. Lindsay, of Port Adelaide, can write. Fisk Jubilee Singers commence on Tuesday, June 21—Jubilee Day. Acceptances for Trotting Club's Jubilee meeting close to-night. Concert in aid of St. Augustine's Sunday school to-morrow evening, Rather like a misnomer calling a lump of gold a ''Brassey" nugget. The Bay was more lively this morning than it has been for some time past. Mr. Coglin felt pleasure in addressing such a "respected and talented audience." The secretary to the Attorney-General was among the first to welcome his late boss. Parramatta 33 days and 10 hours coming out individing 36 hours detention at Colombo. The Sydney Mail has a special artist here in connection with the Jubilee Exhibition. The concert in aid of St. Augustine's Sunday school, Unley, does not take place this evening. "Pirates of Penzance" pluckily undertaken by Whinhamites, and carried through success- fully. "Can't anyone walk about the wharfs at Port Adelaide without being dogged about?"— Mais. Simonsen's Opera Company promise to produce about a dozen operas during their season. A picture valued at £600, intended for our Exhibition, utterly ruined through being badly stowed. Ten thousand persons inside the exhibition building in Sydney last night at the jubilee meeting. "Twenty-five years' service with political assiduity" is some claim on the suffrages of the people, surely. The Engineer in-Chief got quite angry with three persons at Port Adelaide yesterday in as many minutes. Glenelg presented a gay scene this morning two men-of-war, two P. & O. boats, the Ade- laide, and five launches. The 107 oz. nugget found in the Midas Com- pany's mine at Ballarat has been christened the Lady Brassey nugget. None of the new Ministry went to meet Sir J. W. Downer. They sent a steam launch to bring him ashore, though. "Rally up, St. Peter's," "Rally up, Prince Alfreds." How many times will these cries resound on the Oval to-day. Mr. Mais says it is "an underhanded sort of proceeding" for reporters to be in his presence without letting him know it. The Launceston Municipal Council have decided to apply to Parliament for power to enable them to undertake the lighting of the town by electricity. "It was tough work pulling against the strings only to receive in place of praise and pay the cold carpings of cynical curs." Thus the alliterative Sellar. Several men were fined at the Whitehaven Police Court for aiding and abetting a cock- fight, which took place during the progress of the Whitehaven race meeting. Lady Howard of Glossop, who was travel ling with her husband from Cannes to attend the funeral of the late Duchess of Norfolk, died in Paris, after a very short illness. Eliza Borsboom found dead in her bed with a bullet wound in her temple. Husband said she did, jury says he did it. Difference of opinion resulted in committal of Borsboom. Sixty thousand roubles sent by the Bank of St. Petersburg to the branch establishment at Kraszno-jarsk in Siberia fell into the hands of the Nihilists between that place and Tomsk. "The Salvation Army," writes a correspon- dent of the Alliance News, "have emptied the public-houses at Festiniog. They num- bered over 800. No public- house need open its doors." Whilst driving home to Mill-street from Cork Mr. Jeremiah Hegarty, an Irish magistrate, was shot at and slightly wounded. It is believed that the outrage was deliberately planned. Liverpool is named as one of the ports at which the Government will form depots for fitting and arming those merchant auxiliary cruisers which may be required in case of emergency. During the last month the officers of the Fishmongers' Company seized at, and near Billingsgate Market, and on board boats lying off that place, over eight tons of fish as unfit for human food. The Queen of Sweden and Norway, who underwent a dangerous operation at Stock- holm Castle recently, is progressing favorably. The doctors declare that the operation has fully succeeded, but that the convalescent stage will be somewhat prolonged. The Governor of New York has vetoed a Bill which seeks to reduce the number of liquor shops by advancing the license fee to a higher figure. The Pennsylvania Legislature is pass- ing a Bill making 500 dollars the lowest charge for permission to sell iiquor. At a meeting of the Scottish National Federation of Miners recently it was stated that the Socialists of Edinburgh and Glasgow were the only organised body who had con- tributed to the assistance of the miners during the recent strike. A resolution of thanks to Socialists was adopted. The business failures in the United States for the first quarter of the current year have been 3,007 in number, with 32,162,000 dollars of liabilities. This is a decrease of about 200 in number, but an increase of nearly 2,500,000 in the liabilities compared with the same quarter of 1886. Four more youths, making a total of seven, were committed for trial at Orange, N.S.W., on Monday for criminally assaulting the girl Hubbard, only 13 years of age; and one of the prisoners was also committed on a further charge of criminally assaulting a girl named Hall, aged 11, with her consent. An American medical journal makes the startling announcement that in 40 or 50 tonics and bitters sold as non-alcoholic or soothing inducements to temperance the quantity of alcohol is from 6.1 to 47.5 per cent. From half to a full wineglass three times per day, or even more frequently, is the common daily dose recommended. 