DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent?) On last Sunday, at first Mass, the Association of the Children of Mary approached Holy Communion. They sang very nicely the mission Mass. The monthly meeting was held in the afternoon, when there was a very good attendance ; the spiritual director (JELev. W. G. Lawler) presiding. Several new bannerets are in course of preparation, and will be ready for use in 'a week or two. It was announced that the members of the Boyhood of our Lord Society were expected to approach Holy Communion on the following Sunday. At the Church of St. Liborius, Eaglehawk, on Sunday evening last, the Eev. J. J. O'Donnell commented with some severity on the antics of the Salvation Army. He said it was rather difficult to reconcile their great confidence in being already saved with St. Paul's injunction—"Work out your salvation with fear and trembling." "No man knows whether he is worthy of love or hatred." On the 24th ult., the Bishop of Hobart, Dr. Murphy, paid a visit to the Bishop of Sandhurst at the palace. Dr. Murphy was accompanied by the Very Eev. Dean Beechinor. The right rev. prelate took his departure on the same evening. Severalne w members of the HolyFamily were consecrated in St. Kilian's pro- Cathedral on Tuesday evening last. The spiritual director, Bev. M. J. Gilsenan, presided. About forty new members, who have been on probation some three months, received the ribbon and medal peculiar to the sodality. The Rosary of the Blessed Virgin Mary was first recited, after which a short instruction was delivered by the officiant. The hymn, " Veni Creator," was then rendered by the members of the singing section. The members approached the altar, and the following act of consecration was recited by the candidates after the celebrant:—" Oh Jesus,Mary, Joseph —LIT. , in the presence of all.the court of heaven, choose you on this day for my patrons and protectors. I offer you, and solemnly consecrate to you in this association my body, my soul, all that I have and ail that I am. I promise you to live as a good Christian, that I may die the death of the elect. What a happiness for me to pass one day from the arms of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph in this world into the arms of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost in heaven, and that for all eternity! Such is my hope. Amen." The formula of reception, beginning " JEt ego in nomine Sanctissimae Trinitatis," was then pronounced. The Magnificat was sung, and Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament brought the ceremony to a conclusion. THE CARMELITE MISSIONS. (Dunolly Advertiser, 26th Sept.) The mission held in St. Augustine's Church, Maryborough, during the past week by the Rev. Fr. Shaffrey, of Port Melbourne, was brought to a close last evening, when the church was thronged in every part, even the choir gallery being " stormed." The eloquent Car melite delivered another excellent sermon, taking for his text the chastisement of Israel and its rebellious king Ahaz at the instance of the Prophet Elias. The services closed with the impressive cere mony of the Renewal of the Baptismal Vows, the whole of the congregation bearing lighted candles-and repeating the words slowly after their minister. 