: uo)E.sirR .T ur eroaft?ssvE."* (POlilia'il d.rr Tesitjr & F. Hen meraine.) FRIDAY, FE?R?ARY 11,' 1887. TT. will.be fountd on referring to the recomm_ endations of the Prospecting .Board ?of the ..(ippsland district as to grants in aid of prospecting that, the applications for aid emanating from the shires of Traralgon, Narr can, Ranl Ruln, and Warragul, have been shelved ; a result which many persons Tooked for. when they considered that these districts were not adequately represented at the board. It is well known that there has been a disposition from the outset. in certain quarters to ignore the claims of the shires mentioned particularly in connection with thie domlelopement of our Victorian colfields.the opinion haviug.heen pretty freely expressed that prospecting for coal was not contemnplated when the money was voted by Parliamnent. If this the case there has been either a shameful amnomt of playing into the hands of the representatives of gold field constituencies or a want of .!atriotic.f rcsightaud a regard for the best interests of tle country. We have not the slightest doubt that there are portions of the' colony which will yet yield large returns from gold mining, and we are agreed as to the wisdom of prospecting new localities and de veloping those in which thoe id of money is required, but it certainly is not in the interets of economy or the progress of mining to expend -larg sunms from the public treasury to revive worked out mines and fill the pockets of slireblolders whose purses have become depleted in paying calls in connection with companies which will never pay the ghost of a dividend. It needsno veryi,.timateacquaintancewith the tricks of mining agents and brokers in certain localities to be aware of this fact. There is another fact also which seems to le woefully overlooked, and that is, the gold mining industry'is shown by the periodical returns to be steadily declining, and though plhe nomitral finds may from tinme to time be made, it is safe to aftitrlu that the palmy days of gold ruining are over. But other deposits have' been found, and chief of these is coal, and we may ask are the inhabitants of districts.in which this valuable product isaknown to exist in Ilrge quantities to allow their claims to be totally ignored. Coal, it neeas no argument to prove, is far more valuable even tltanu gold, and tine immense revenue which would be derived from it is easily understood. This colony pays N. S. W. £3,000,000 annually for coal, and there is no valid reason why a large proportion at leist of that amount should not stay in the colony. ]Here we h.ve in this province a large area of carboniferous country which only needs opening out and developing. Several companies have already brought quantities of coal to the surface, and whiLch is now awaiting means of transit to the Melblourne market. Other companies no doubt will follow suit, and we may look to see, in spite of opposition, chlat in a few years a large market will have. been opened for this valuable coin niodity. Nevertheless it is a serious impeachment of the government that they have.. lent no helping hand to further an industry which is destined to be one of tile most important in the moulntry. TaE blessings of education are said to be very great, and probably they are, but many an educated man now-a-days must wish lie were not, for this des cription of labor has now become such a drugon the market aaid that there are known to be hundreds-snay thousands -of highly cultured men glaid-to do any kind of work and accept almdst any pittance as at reward. A few days ago a shire secretary was advertised for at a salary of £150, which cannot be regarded as a princely salary when it is borne in mind that the qualifica tions for the office as requiredt- by the Local Government Act are high. It is reported that 250 applicants put in for the vacant position. Nearly all the gentlemen who applied for the ap pointment were well qualified for the duties of thle office, and it is certainly not a pleasant reflection to consider that trained men are valued at such a miserably wretched figure. A glance at the Melbourne papers will show that such is a fact nevertheless. The following may be taken as a sample of what a man has to do for his money: \--" Shire of . Applications addressed to the president, and accorm panied by testimonials. will be received until 10 o'clock on Friday, 25th .Feb ruary, for the undermentioned appoint ments under the above shire, viz.: From persons (duly. qualified aunder the Local Government Act 1874) to per form tihe joint duties of shire secretary. engineer, clerk of works, inspector of slaughtering; inspector of nuisances, and joint valuer, at a salary' of. £220 per annum; also, front persons willing to perform the joint duties of rate col lector, dog registrar, and joint valuer, at a salary of £50 per annum, and one half of the dog fees 'collected.- The total amount of dog fees collected last year was £40." The shire secretary's duties, it will he seen,, are sufficiently varied, and if the successful applicant have not much knowledge of many things when he enters upon his 'work he should be at the termination of this exceedingly lucrative engagement. The rate collector has not so much to do; but then he gets the handsome salary of £50 per annum, with half of the do: fees thrown in as a kind of. honor arium. Of course this officer's quali fications need not be so high, but he must live--a oircumstaneewlhich seenms to have been overlooked by the council of this sldre when they fixed the salary. goavhml letters have ,ba-n received .for nbhlication hait held over for consideration till Rnext issue. ? We have reeived a letter from an es teemed suhscriler risiding at Tranleonn rreek. whe caOrpIlaihs that he ji mrch annoved hr stray mannirel dnoesa which werrv his aklirn. - He also comeiains of tlhe ,nisancn thistles ndineent to his farm have hbecome, and he desires.to know whether a", rnSnetsr ofthistlesei'ervisits" his lpart of 'lrirmlgon. . Thore was not naineease atrzdown. fir ii~i-i th-eTramrlgen polide court oii Wedneaday. Wein,*?aVW. w ans t·h'esl lust 4 of met ;ni ,,f the Tmralgnn iShrire (,'ncil. Inlt at. half-past eleven. as onlv tiv 'or three 'of the conillncirs trutrned ub.i the meetiig la?sed for want ofa qrormn ":'" Thae.laiatiiiay 'f th. sr iest mnanh, hos lhen firh''db i £1W"h ste of Tsind'i and A ricnlt.ir: for rrnittl naitinon a Ithnlrnrt nf thle Il dsl hithmsn ,o,,t the fncolony for the destrnotinn of ilnhhitl'i nd other vermin,.:'1r. T)ow honares that there' will he n ,enernl cmannsaitn the P'll;1and that the r?eslt will he an appreciable dimini tion of the pest ....: ::'.., R?.eent avicesa from ,,eklana. N.7T state that the selnne*r rl'ile, whirh ncr rived at that part, has hrnuaht ,intelli eonce if a strange ncearrenice at Tones The c?at.il reportsa thait on his larrival there on January 10 he found areat ex. citment nravailing in consequanncre of the Rev. Shirley Raker. his son and his daurah ter hnvrine been fired at and severely woaundalea. The althlers of theo aurtce are sunmposed to he some escaped plrisoners. 'Thomnach-dreadeal block of grain at the Naolurknh railwnvt'ation his occurred and elrnt dissatisfaction prevails amonnot the hua-rs. who have Inrve orders to execute fr Melbs',rne. and are unable to obtain trauks. One day only two waucons came in hv thn ordinnrv liasstoneer train, and overal thoausnd baen of erainr are await ine ds·alatlch to Melhourne. Several havers hrave pllnacd themselves in com munication with the Rnailnwav Conmmis sinmers with a view to the prevention of a continuance of the present state of affairs. The second competitionn fr the Blowman tro'phy hlv thel RTiulosed:ln Rifle Cla was wI OIn hy Mir W. White. who also won the hful event, wilh a scee of 1Ih,1 A meeting of gentlemen favorable to the opening up of direct communication with Yarram was held at the Masonic-hall last night, Mr o. Nevillein the chair. At the request of the chairman Mr. Kayo explained the objects of the meeting. Ho said that Mr Whittakirs had offered to take a party right through to Yarranm.for i£5. Hle would find the horses if a n.im her of gentlemen would form the party and provide the coach. Mr Kaye said that if they took this journey it would show to the Minister that it was really practicable to connect Traralgon and .Yar ram Y arram by a railway. Other speak ers addressed themselves to the question, which was discussed, and the advantages of the connecti,on were fully pointed out, and it was mentioned that there was a strong feeling in Yarram in favor of com mmnicatium being established with the town of Traralgon, and it was. agreed that a party should be sent. Mr. Neville and Mr. Kaye offered to give £5 towards the expenses. At the close of the discussion the following motion was car ried proposed by Mr. W. Nelson, and seconded by Mr. S. W. J. Calman, "That Messrs. Peterkin, Mill, LMarriage, Hickox, Gibson, Seville, Kaye, Lcwrenson,- Orr, Mackay. M'Lean, Jones and the mover be appointed a committee to organise a party to proceed to Yarram atan early date, and to make arrangements for the payment of the coaching expenses thereto." The meet nlg theichlosed' wtiFla vote of thlmks. to t:e chairman. The postal Department have forwarded a letter to the council, declining to grant a daily mail to Walhalla, by way of the Bluff'and Tyers. The reasitsa given are that the present means of sending corres pondence to Walhalla from Traralgon by way of Moe and Toongabbie are suflicient. The department seems to have missed the main point, that the increasing popu lations of the Bluff and Tyers districts are entitled to more frequent postal communication with Tmrarlgon than they at present enjoy. The fallowing letter in reference to Johnson grass appears in the " Gippsland Mercury k-Sir,-1 see in your agricul turml' notes of to-day's "Mercury" that Mr Clay, of Huntly, sowed somne seed of the Johnson grass eight weeks ago, which grew to a height ,of 4 feet its the Bendigo district. And it is also mentioned that a fine specimen of Johnson grass is on view at Mr Adamson's seed shop. It has just come in flower, and stands 5 feet in height, iucluding a few inches of root. It was grown by Mr .Iohn Watters, of Rosstown, front seed sown about the middle of October.' I got a small parcel of the Johnston grass seed from the Secretory of Agriculture, and sowed some of the seed in the middle of October, the remainder the first week in November, broadlast, and it is now out in flower. The longest stalk is 7ft. Gin. in height, anid measures 11 of an inch round the stem. Most of it measures from 3 to over 6 feet in height, some of it having 10 to 12 stalks to one plant. Any one wishing to see it growing can call at my place, Trmralgon, and I will show it to them, awll give them auny information that I can about it. Yours, etc., H. J. -MaiPaEsox, Trirlgon, February 8, 1887. The Presbytery of Giplsland at its meeting last month, took a step to which irominence ought to ie given and which it is hlolnd ima stimulate other Preshv tories to do likewise. On the proposal of the Rev .T. G. Wilson, it was agreed to found a scholarship of the value of £25 perannunm for theologieal students, for the period of four years. It will be known as the Gipllland Presbytery's Scholarship, and its object will be to assist students who devote themselves to the ministry of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The awalrding of the schlolarshipl, will, of course, rest with the Presbytery. This new departure is in the right direction, .and is worthy of all commendation. M?r Allad \Valker's canvass in aid of the proposed Tempernuce Hall muet with a very satisfactory response, the slium of £6117s beii g now on the lists. Other promises of help in the way of building were received, and the thanks of" the coummittee are due to the public generally for their syIupathy with the movemeuit. On Monday next a new post office will be opened at Hazeldene, near Yarragon, on the 18th a post office will be established at Gormandale near Flynn's Creek. We notice that M1r Thomas Swan, archite.:t, has commenced the practice of his profession in Traralgon. His adver tisement appears elsewhere. A public meeting will be held at Flynn's Creek to-morrow, for the purpose of tak- ing steps to establish a cheese factory in that locality. Some important sales of Crown Lands in fee simple will li held at the Court house on the 3rd March, as will he seen on referring to our advertising columns. The lots to Ie oflered for sale comprise the site of the Traralgou Shire Hall, and lots at Trai-lgon,: hosedale, Tooligabbie, ýBudgeree and Jeerlling. T~Ve learn that the business in conned tiozi with the M?orweIll Agricultural Society's loan of-£500 is progressing and !that the balance of 50 debentures have been disposed of. The society intend to 'expend the money in a number of im provements to the show grounds. During the last week the weather has been of en extremely unpleasant nature, the heat leing very great. The thermo meter registered 90' yesterday, but con siderably higher than that ontseveral days in the early yart of the week. A committee nmeeting of the Trarlgon Race Clih.will le held ii the court house on Monday evenilng next, at 8 o'clock sharp. Sl,~ecial attention is directed to anl a-irvertisement of the club in another aolumnn. :.Thibest mifdiriic kriown is S.sxan R and S?os's Ku:ucT.YP'.rTT.ExTRAt. Test its emi neat Ipowerful eff:ets in conchs. colul, in tuenzca; the rdlef Cis htstantamneons. -In serioasmes, and accidents of all kinds. oe they wouotts. hurn. s.ealdings.hriises,.laminsi i. is the safest remdy--.no s wvcljing-no, it flammation. I.ikd saurprising effts pro-i ducei in crmn, diptheri, bronchitis in 'flamm tnnr'the liftb Ti .wel!,ili t :.% diarrhma. dysentry, diseases of the kidm've and urinarm ornis.' Iin nseat hospitalsar. m?led atlolinica all over the globe; patrinisi h b'f I~i? M:idtlty tlhu King of Italy; critwncl w-ith esculal - aol diploma at' Internationsl Elxhiltionm. Ameterham. Trnst in this as proved article,3 and rejecti ll'othlics--ADvT. 