ITEMS OF NEWS. The usual monthly Fair for the sale of horses and cattle will be held to- morrow. The Borouah Cooucd have granted the use ot the Camp Reserve for next Wednesday for a mi: football match to be played with the object < V r.rurxvnn wv-t r. A »!-» Pntll Tl- 14 t»iW n rtrl They w 31 extend their patrutuge tort. — - The Secretary for Mines ha» received a report upon the gold discoveries at New Rush Creek, in the Omen di virion of the GippaUnd district, to the effect that a reef, likely to prove payable. bas been discovered, also a moderate extant of alluvia! ground. A meeting of the Committe appointed to carry out the preliminary arrangements for the torch light procession in aid of the Btdfi disaster fund on the 24th ic«S. was held last nizht. It was reported that there will be about 80 torch- bearers in the procession, and there will be a fine display of fireworks ' en route.' A stood deal of discussion occurred at the Borough Council last night about the best mode of celebrating the Queen's J ubtlee. The at titude assumed by the Board of Advice, in de claring its inability to collect any money, was condemned, and it was decided to call a public meet trig of the burgesses <n Tuesday evening to decide upon the style of the celebration. A football match will be played on the C-amp Reserve, N err stead, ou Saturday, between the Winter'? Flat and Newstcsd Clubs The fol lowing Newstead players will be chosen from Bidclestone, Scarnb'er, Costigau. Horton (2), Fleming, Cameron, Thompeon. Foy, Sinclair, Stewart. Clemeus, Tanzye. Braaze, Nomens, Ross, Rowe (2), Pedler, Malone, Kirk, and Fer guson. Play to start at 3 o'clock. In the Wesleyan Chnrcb, Taradale, on Wed nesday evening, the Rev. Mr Dodgshun, in view of the usual annual address in aid of. the Hume Missions, related in a connected, racy and in structive form, hi? receut trip through Egypt and Palestine. He also told of hi? inspection of numerous sacred places mentioned in Holy Writ, and described scenes of grandeur and desulatton that meet the eye of the traveller on a trip from London to Port Said, thence through Ezypt, Palestine, and Jerusalem, down to the Bead Sea. The choir of Christ Church, assisted by a num ber of well-known vocalists in the town, are at present rehearsing several choice selections of music, which they will render at the Theatre Royal on the evening of the 8lh prox., on the occasion of the first visit of Dr. Goe to Castle- main c-. The selections will include, Men delssohn's, "But the Lord is mindful of His Own," from St. Paul; "E. C. Martin's, "O, Holy Spirit come, 0, Come," ; M'Farreu's, " O, Holy Ghost unto our Minds" ; At wood's, " Teach roe O Lord the way of Thy Statutes." The Kynelon, Malmsbury, and Taradale Orange Lxlgta have appointed a joint commit tee to make arrangements for the celebration of the 12th July. The festival wilt, as on former occasions, consist of a tea- meeting, followed by a concert interspersed with speeches. The cele bration will take place in Kyueton on the Wednesday nearest the 12th July. The Grand Master of the Order. Mr Simon Fraser ; and Bro. the Hon. J. B. Patterson, M.L.A., are expected to be present and deliver ad dresses. The Barracks of the Salvation Army was well-attended last night, on the occasion of a O'ffee supper taking place. Headed by the Band, the "soldiers" marched though the row ii, and afterwards assembled in the barracks. On the platform were Captain Greenfield, Lieu tenants Gilbert and Hopper, the latter hailing from Maldon. The two first-named were wholly attired in a red costume, this being a depar ture from the usual custom, as the officers have hitherto only worn a red guernsey. Coffee wa3 served out to all prrscn', and the proceedings, . which were enlivened by the Band, passed off successfully. We have received from the publishers, . Messrs Bunn and Collins, Melbourne, a very novel and remarkable diagram, the production of Mr J. M. Johnstone, of Arundel. It is entitled " The Great Jubilee" of 1888, and con- ; tain? "Startling coincidences between tbe: Saviour's Genealogy, Jacob's Ladder, and the British Empire, shown in the numbers of reigns to Victoria, and her descent from King Egbert, proving the identity of Ephraim with the British Empire;" also "Tbe Royal Ladder ;" " The Second Advent of Jesus at hand " Shcm's Number;" " Isaac's Number and Significance ;" " David's Number and his Thiriy-3eveu Worthies;" " The Brilliant Sun-, sets;" "The Mysterious Number GOG, and its reveisal to the brand 099, Ac." The diagram will be supplemented in a few weeks hence by an explanatory pamphlet, to be edited by the Rev. J. K. Maclotyre.. The dreadful railway accident that occurred on the Brighton line ou Wednesday evening, and which resulted in five perrons being killed, and a number wounded, was the topic of con versation yesterday in the district. The stoker, ; James M'Nabb, who met with such a horrible death, was the son of Mr M'Nabb, of Newstead. The deceased, until being promoted, was fireman on the Maryborough line. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents. The remains will; be interred to- morrow afternoon in the New- stead Cemetery, the 'cortege' leaving tbe re.!-- dence of Mr M'Nabb at 2 o'clock. - The driver of the express. Maskell, who was also killed, had in his pocket at the time of the accident,; an official memorandum, grauting bint his usual: leave of 18 days, which was to have commenced: yesterday. A Board lias been appointed to en-! quire exhaustively into the cause of the acci-: dent, consisting of Messrs Francis, Rennick,! Philpot, Holmes, and Jack. The Corouer will- hold inquests ou the bodies to- day. : Of course,! it is early yet to look at what this accident will! cost the country, but the feeling is general that; more than the eavings of the Department for. the year will be required to foot the enormous bill that will be inevitably presented, and all kinds of sums, away up to a quarter of amillion, have been named as being tlio amount that will probably be required. His Excellency, who is in Brisbane, telegraphed to Mr Gillies yester day, expressing the deepest sympathy with tho sufferers and the families of those killed in the accident. . The Minister of Mines and Agriculture yester day received a deputation with reference to the Califurnian thistle nuisance, when the following bodies Were represented Bungaree Shire, Baylesford Borough, Ballarat Agricultural Society, Ballan Shiro, and Glenlyon, Frankliu- ford, and Daylesford Agricultural Society. The deputation pointed out that the thistle was spreading in various parts of the colony, and stated that Mr Pearson, the agricultural chemist had reported that chloride of lime was the only effective agent in its destruction. This materinl, however, costB L8 per ton, and would come too expensive for farmers and local bodieB, it being also mentioned that tho Government had froely subsidised the destruction of rabbits and other pestB. The deputation accordingly asked the Minister l» arrange that the Government would bear lmlf the cost of any chloride of lime uteri. Mr Dow ;<d ro give tfcs- application careful ccx:dera:;oc, and confer with the Trea sure r. . .. - During April 2.6o7ez of South Ausrta'un go-Id were deposited in the Melbourne 3Enr. The qstxDiity < 4 whert exev-rted from Scurh : Acstrx'ia dsrica the sat tour mouth of thu : year we l.lff? P17 bcefeet. being very nearly j three timet the quantity exported dnrirg the j whole of last vear, when the amount was only 359,601 bushel. A fatal burning accident occurred atSmyhe- dale ou' Wednesday. A'fittle 'ocy, nasned-Gbas: Henry Hutchinson, aged 7. while playing in his parents" hoase. fell into the fire un received severe burns, from which he died while being conveyed to the Ballarat Hospital. ; 1 , Permission' has "been granted la the proprietors of the Balli mine to resume work in tbe 4ft. seam, and fo clear away the 'debris preparatory to again placing the pi' in fuB work, bat the commission will retain possession of the charred props and the other ' debris' bearing indications of the fire. The return of the Broken-bill Proprietary Sffvsr Slice's smelting ff-r the first year's ran, ending 31 ay 8. shows that there was produced 1.529,448ozs pare silver, equal to 48 tons, and 3,891 toes of lead. The approximate value is L355.000, and L135,€«50, has been paid in dividends. At the Circuit Court, at Cooktown on Wed nesday. no true bill was filed azainst a man named 3Mtcn, who was committed for trial for the murder of a man named Autcliffe. It will he remembered that Autcliffe died a few minutes after fight inz several rounds with 3IeIton. There died at Gray street, Yarrarille, on Wednesday, an almost centenarian. 31r 3Iatheson, the deceased, was born in 1783, and arrived in the colonies in 1854. He was con sequently ninety-nine years of age. and up till a very short period before bis death his reason, sight, and hearing were but little impaired. A fatal accident happened near Dandenong on Monday evening to a young man named Denis 3Inrphy. He was trying to stop a run away horse, and grasped Hie reins while the animal was galloping. There being a lot of slack rein, he staggered back, when the shaft struck and knocked him" down. One wheel passed over him. Three ribs were broken, the spine was injured, and tbe liver ruptured. He died in great agony on Tuesday night. An important deputation from the authorities of the Working Men's College waited on tire Premier on Wednesday with a request that a atm of L3C00 might be granted i q the college this r ear. It was pointed' out that Ll-500 was required for w orkimr expenses, and L1500 for the purchase of plant and ma'eiiaL Mr Ormon3, M.L.C., was spokesman, and he was supported by a large number of leading men. The Premier replied, showing that he was determined to assist tbe institution in a substantial way, and promised to pat L2000 on the estimates in tbe first instance, and if that were insufficient to place an additional thousand on the supplementary estimates, ...... . . . The young mart who committed suicide in tbe Flagstaff Gardens off Tuesday ha? been identi fied as J. Appletun, who came to Victoria about four yearn ago from NataL He was employed for a few days recently by 3Ir Doubled ay, cheraitt, of Carlton. The revolver with which he shot himself was loaded in four chambers, two having been discharged On a piece of naner found on the deceased the (allowing words were peucilled : — " Illness, no home and no money have driven me to this — am three parts, dead. I could not suffer the idea of being turned upon the streets, and from the very first I should be taken up by the police ; rather than sink so low I would die by other means." The Secretary of the Victorian Alliance states that Messrs Cbaffey Brothers contemplate con ducting their irrigation colony a3 a "prohibi tion district," after the plan adopted by many of the colonies in tbe Western Sta'es of America. The Committee of the Alliance recently brought a suggestion that this should be done under the notice of the firm, and it is said to have com mended itself to them from their American ex perience. "Their last venture in California was; conducted on prohibition principle, and they state with the best results from a moral and commercial standpoint. The firm propose to seek to remove the causes which induce men. to drink by providing the means for innocent recreation, and ensuring an abundant supply of wholesome fruit, lu addition to this, ii the. Gufernmeut find the necessary legal provisions, the sale of liquor will be prohibited within the . district. A telegram from Auckland states that the; ship Northumberland, which was in' danger at Napier on Tuesday during a terrific gale, has parted her cable ' and weut aslrure off Petane Beach, where she will probably become a total wreck. The crew were all saved. The Union ! Company's steam launch Boojnm, which went to the as-istance of the ship, was thrown on the beach by a heavy sea, and three of the crew ; were drowned. The engineer ' and captain; reached the shore, but the latter was severely, injured, aud is not expected to- recover. Tbe scene 011 the beach resembles a perfect pande monium. A large crowd of persons have assem bled, and they are broaching the cargo. Many of them arc blind drutik and helpless. Reipectable: citizens interfered, but they were set upon by roughs. It is expected that the vessel trill go to; pieces, A later message slates that the ship has become a total wreck. The insurance on the cargo is estimated to amount to L100.000. ; On the 2nd of last March a robbery was com-, initted at Pasquan's Hotel, Boffrkc-street east, : in which gold and silver watches, medals, rings, and brooches, valued st L102, were carried off. The - jewellery was kept in two small boxes, , which were placed in a large trunk in an up stairs room. The lock of the trunk wa? forced' off, the small boxes broken open, and, after being rilled, thrown under a sofa in an adjoin ing room, where they were found. A man named George Herbert, who represented him self as a' jockey, left the hotel, where lie had stayed a short time, on the day the robbery was committed, and did not return. This man was subsequently eentenced to 12 months' imprison ment for vagrancy at Maryborough. It was tuspecled that he was the man concerned iu Pasquan's robbery, and Detective-Sergeant Griffin took liirn to Ballarat, where he was ideutifivd as the man who had left some of the jewellery wilh a pawnbroker. He wore a medal at Ballarat which was won by Mr Pas- quati as a member of the Fiizroy Bowling Club, and stated that the medal belonged to his father, whose name was Pasquan. At the Melbourne Police Court on Wednesday, the prisoner was committed for trial. In the New South Wales LegL'la'ive Assembly on Wednesday, the Colonial Secretary made an important statement regarding the commence ment of public works which would absorb the unemployed. He snid that tenders had been called for sewage works in and about the city, which would afford employment for fiom 500 to GOO industrious men. Tender? would almost im mediately be called for the construct ion of water tanks in Hay, Dubbo, Bourke, C'obar, Wil- carinia. aud Narrabri districts. There would be about 17 tanks in all, and w ork woule ho pro vided in this direction for from 400 to 500 men. Other works of a similar character would be promptly undertaken, so that altogether em ployment would bo procurable for 2500 men. It was proposed to draft off really imlu-criou-ly inclined and valuable nion to these works, leav- tho residue of less capable incn to be employed ou lighter work. In this way they hoped to dispose of all but those who did not appear to want work. It wa? intended to afford means ror the unemployed to get to these works, but under no circumstances would the relief works be continued, and the number of persons now at the National-park would be decreased forth with. Rough on iTcir.— "Rough on Itch" cures skin humours, eruptions, ring-worm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, bsrlier's itch. " " nffi 2d; 88 