THE BUSK DIAMOND. TOLD BY AN EX DETECTIVE. (budget ) Chapter I. — The Black Dta-mowo. Of coarse I do not belie vein ghosts ; bat I oaoe bad lo stay some time in a haunted house,' and this is how the matter came about. It was the beginning of December not the asuailv cold, dull month, hnr. a bright, cheery one, which made people look forward for a clear, merry Christmas, when I reoeived a note from my chief ordering me down to the office. I hurried down, and received the following instructions — vague enough in all reason, but t';ey were all I could procure, and so bad to be satisfied. Colonel Graham had lately relumed from India, bringing with him a beautiful young wire whom he had married in Calcutta. All looked well for the colonel's happiness. He was a rich man ; the owner of O wtbwaite Hall and large estates. Hie career in India had been most honourable, and the lady whom he bad married was young, beautiful, and apparently devoted to him. What more could a man want ? Nothing. But yet, in the midst of all this happiness, a terrible spectre had arisen which had clouded all ; and that spectre I was expected to exorcise. For this purpose I was sent down to 0 wthwaite Hall in my usual disguise— that of a visitor. I was reoeived by Colonel Graham in his library, and he explained to me in rapid words the reason of my being called down to his place. ' Mr. Gervai,' he said, 4 I will be plain with you. The jewels which I have lest are of great value. I am a rich man, and can bear the loss, but it is the way the things has been done. I have tried every means to discover the thief, but to no purpose.' ' Well, colonel, you must now let me have a chance,' I replied, cheerfully. Tell me all particulars, and I will see what I can do. Yes, yes ; I know you will do your best ; but you will fail. I am sure of that before you begin, and so shall not blame you for it. You must know that daring my residence in India I made a collection of some rare and beantiful jewels — not only jewels to wear, as would he nsually done, but curiosities, Tb6se jewels I have always kept safely put away in an Indian cabinet, the lock of which, I believe, would defy the most experienced London burglar to piek, and yet night after night I am sure the safe has been tampered with ; for_ within the last four months some dozen jewels have disappeared — jewels of considerable value too.' ' You have left the cabinet c-pen at times ?' 1 asked. Never. Besides, the lock closes with an iron bolt and steel spring of i:s own accord when not held back,' Self-closing ?' ' Certainly.' 4 May I see this cabinet ? O! course you know that you must not tell even your wife who I am ?' ' Oh, certainly ! In these matters, as in military ones, secrecy is everything. Whilst here you will be reoeived ae my guest, and no one shall know that you are here to detect a robbery.' ' That is right, colonel ; and now we under, stand each other, let us go and view the safe.' The safe was a strange one — one of the most beautiful pieces of Eastern workman, ship I have ever seen. The whole thing was bound with steel ; and although it looked light enough to be easily lifted by one man, it was as heavy as a Birmingham ircn safe. The colonel drew forth from his pocket & most carious-looking article made of silver, and this appeared to be the key ; for with it, in some mj sserious way which I could not exactly makeout, he nndid the looks, the bolts flew back, the door opened, and the interior of the safe was shown. Nothing there but an Indian casket, which was opened in the same way as the safe bad been done, with a similar bat smaller mysterious key. The whole affair was splendidly got up, and the looks madevwith that skill for which the Indians are so deservedly famous. Even my practised eyes could not detect how the colonel opened the cabinet, and therefore I freely admitted my admiration of the workmanship. That would give a good lesson to some of our safe-makers,' I said, laughing. 4 J have no doubt such safes have given lessons to them,' sighed the colonel. 4 Until now I thought no one in all the world could have opened it without knowing the secret springs and having the proper key ; but it appears I am mistaken, The jewels go— how, or who takeB them, I cannot imagine.' By this time my eyes were fixed npon the contents of the casket both with wonder and admiration. The gems, mostly nnsei, were very, very beautiful, some of a kind that I had never seen before. Of course, there were pearls, diamonds, emeralds, rubies, oat's-eyes— in faet, air kinds of wonderful and beautiful gems. But placed in the centre of these was one on a crystal pedestal, as it were — a Stone I had never seen before. I do not know bow to describe it. At first sight it appeared like a piece of darb.ooloured crystal ; but as the. colonel turned the casket about, this peculiar gem shot forth flames of lurid light, which seemed to me almost ghastly and devilish. 'What do you call that stone ?' I demanded. _ , Do you like it?' inquired the colonel, with a laugh, and yet with a strange look in Slifi f&CG; Well, I can't say I do much,' I replied ; ' but it is very beantiful — strangely 80.' Ay, strangely bo, indeed ! he said, as he took np the stone, which was set in a fine gold ring. 'The natives call that stone a black diamond.' ... 4 A black diamond 1 I never heard of such a stone before. And yet it does look block. ' No, here in England we call our coals so ; and truly they are more Useful than these gems, and bring comfort th them— certainly far more than this one, if the legend about it be true ; and I have good reason to believe that there is something in it, But I will not believe' A -d as he spoke the colonel hastily closed the casket, replaced it, and securely fastened the eafe, whieh appeared to have a hundred little springs about it. There !' he said, when all was completely secured, and theki-y safely place din hie pocket, 'Now what is your opinion of the case V At present I cannot say. Whom do you easpect?' 4 No one. 4 Who knows about these jewels?' 'No one but my wife. Of course she knows. Bat she even does not know the secret of the casket and safe being opened.' You mean that had she the key she could not open the safe ?' ' Certainly not. Bat surely you do not think thfct she would come here and pry into my sect ets- and rob me?' - - - Most certainly Tact,' I replied, although I did sot think what I said, ! 4 Of course not — of course not,' he said, in i hurried tones. ' These robberies have made I her quite ill. I have sat by her side and ! talked the matter over for hours, and she ; urges me to find out she thieves. The poor girl has taken it quite to heart. But there goes the bell for dressing for dinner. I have no time to tell you the story of this precious stone. Sometimes I almost feel inclined to throw it away. But I will tell you another time. Now we must hurry away to dress.' Was I mistaken .or not when I fancied that I heard a light footstep, like that of a woman, glide rapidly from the door ? I was not oertain, and therefore hurried to the door, which it appeared the colonel had unwittingly left a little way ajar. I threw it wide open, but there was no one in the corridor. 1 Why, what is the matter, Mr. Gervai?' asked the colonel, in some surprise. 4 Pardon me, colonel, but I fancied I heard someone at the door.' 4 1 don't think that likely,' hs said, with a laugh, 'although the servants all declare that this wing of the house is haunted, and there is some old legend to that effect. However, they all beep clear of the place, I can assure you; and as I like to be quiet in my study, I rather encourage them in the idea. Come, now, we must hurry to dress, or we shall be late for dinner. Mv wife or I wiil relate to you the story of the Black Diamond after dinner.' 4 Stay !'I said. 'Da not tell your wife who I am, or that I know anything about these jewels ; bat if you can manage it, get her to relate the story of this precious stone to someone after dinner. I wiil be standing by, and will bear what is said. Do you agree ?' He looked very puzzled at first, and then said : 4 Very well; I suppose it must be so. Bui, at all events, we must not keep the dinner waiting, which wo shall mo t certainly do unless W8 hurry. You know your room, and, I hope, will make yourself at home. Come, we timet hurry. ' With that the colonel bowed me out of the room, and I ascended the stairs to my apartment. As I did so, I met an old Hindoo woman, who cast a lock of suspicion' at me from out her bead-like eyeB, bat made me "a low salaam as I passed into my dressing- room, 4 Gould she have been listening at the door,' I thought, 'when the colonel was telling me the story ? I do not know, but I wiil keep my eyes on this woman. She may know the secret. At all events, I will watch her clcsely.' Chapter II, — An Unexpected Clue is Given. Golonei Graham was not only a rich man, but on6 who liked to share the good things of this world which his wealth brought him with his friends and neighbours. Owthw&ite; hall was an open house, and would have been appropriately named Liberty-hall. A goodly number of ladies and gentlemen from the surrounding country were there to dinner — which, I may say, was most profuse, a- d as excellent as profuse. After dinner we sauntered about the grounds, some of the gentlemen smoking, and therefore keeping at a distance from the lawn where the ladies were. I took stock of the whole company, as I always do, and I must confess I never saw a gayer and nicer party. I wandered away from them, for I felt alone. They seemed all openness of heart, and I felt like a spy amongst them. There are times when we do feel this. So I strolled away Into a thick plantation, where I was thinking over this strange story, when I heard voices. I paused and listened. The speakers were a man and woman, and they were talking in & guttural language which I could not underetand ; but, thinking of the Indian nurse I hsd met upon the stairs, I guessed it was Hindoo. 4 Do erase that horrid row !' said a drawl ing voice, in as true English style as ever was spoken. 4 Speak English, can't you ? I never eonld learn Hindustani, although I was out there for some years.' The scent of a splendid full- flavoured cigar came on the breeze, and the guttural sound ceased. I had been walking on the turf, so that the fail of my foot had not disturbed them ; and by drawing under cover of a tree, I could just peep over the hedge to see what was going on. Seated on the grass was a Hindoo man — I should think of about thirty— and the old Indian nurse; whilst leaning against a tree was a tall, dark, sinister-looking man of about thirty five. Handsome— undoubtedly handsome — but with an evil cast of iaoe that I did not like. He was smoking a cigar, and looking down oo&temptuou;&ly; at his companions. ' The sahib does not believe in our charms ?' said the man. 4 1 don't know that. I li&ve; seen some wonderful things in India. Couldn't make them out. But here the case is simple enough. You know where the jewels are kept. I must have some of them — and the one in particular.' 4 What would you have the "Jewel of Death " for?' demanded the woman. 'To revenge myself upon her who jilted me for this Colonel Graham, Amgihad,' said the Englishman, 4 1 don't mean to say that I ever loved my eonsin Annie ; but you know it wae alwRys looked upon I was to marry her. She aeemed to oonBent. She wae rich, and we were poor. An alliance would testers the balance of power. I looked npon this as Settled, when the news ocmse that the has married this -Odf&nel; Graham, and ! am ruined. I will not rest until I have my revenge upon her — ay, and upon the Colonel, ico. It must be done to-night.' 4 It cannot be dene to night. The ' At this moment I very clumsily put my foot On a ioose stce, s.umbleJ, and nearly | fell, and in doing so uttered an exclamation, Iff not loud, excessively deep. When I looked up and ever .the hedge, the Hindoos and their employer had gone. I mads my way back into the house, and found the party now assembled is the | drawingroom. I looked round for the gentle man whom I had seen talking to the Hindoos. He was standing by a young lady > at tbe piano. The colonel was eeated and talk- i isg to an elderly lady and a beauriui creature 1 1 knew must be his young wife. He caught tny eye, scd I saw by a quick movement that he wasted me to listen to what was passing, I drew behind the ladies unseen, and at the ! same time the gentleman £ had eeen in the woods sauntered up. ' Mrs. Roberts,' as id Colonel Graham to an old lady who was seated by his wife, 4 do you net think that I am right in not letting my wife wear the Black Diamond ? It carries misfortune with it.' 4 Oh; but I do not believe in such nonsense,' said MrB. Graham. 4 1 must have the diamond ring.' ' My dear,5 laughed the old lady, 4 surely you have jewels enough 1 But what is this wonderful stone ?' 4 A black diamond which the Hindoos say is possessed with the terribly power of aeatb. What truth there is in the legend I do not know, but I know this — I have been able to trace it to eight owners, and they have all been very unfortunate at one time of their lives ; and my great friend, Captain Waring, would wear it at tbe battle of J&ansi;, and he was one of the first of ours killed. I took the ring off his finger myself, but he made me promise that I would never wear it, and I never have.' 4 1 do not believe in such nonsense,' said Mrs. Graham. I should think not, indeed,' cried tbe gentleman I had seen in the woods, saunter ing up. ' The first time you get a chance, wear it.' She had better not,' said the eclcnri, quietly ; and rising from his chair, he strolled towards me. The other gentlemen imme diately dropped into the vacated chair, and began a talk to the ladies, ' Who 1b that gentleman ?' I asked, as the colonel joined me. 4 My wife's cousin — Captain Francis Elms ieigh. A good fellow, but idle and exfrava« gant. He and I do not get on very well together ; but that does not matter. Now about theEe things. Have you hit out any plan ?' 4 If I wanted you at any time of the night, how cculd I call you without disturbing any one else V Kuook me up. I know of no other way, But I am always & heavy sleeper, and lately I have slept like a top.' In knocking you up I ehsli disturb the household. Go back to your friends. Do not appear suspicious. I am tired, and will go to rest. Humph ! — sleeps sounder than ever, does he?' thought I, as I went up to my room. 'Opium administered by that old Indian nurse, or I am a Dutchman.' Chapter III, — The Black Diamond Fulfils its Fate. — Death. The clock had long since struck midnight, and I had heard the guests depart. Every thing in the house seemed quiet, and I was about to undress and retire for the night. I had been watching is the dark for any sound, when I heard a man creep past my door. la an _ instant my ear was at the keyhole, and I distinctly heard someone oreep up stairs. My boots were already off, the hinges of my door well oiled, so chat without a moment's delay or scire I was out in the passage. There was no light, but I judged from the direction the man had taken that he was making straight for the room where the jewels were kept, and eo I followed stealthily. I was right. A lamp, shaded so that tbe light fell only on the cabinet, was in the room on the table, and by its faint rays I beheld Amgihad, tbe curse, and Captain Elmsleigh standing by the safe. The wiodow of the roorn was open, but carefully shaded, eo that no light should be seen in the park. ' Are you sure to succeed to-night, Amgihad r demanded Captain E'msleigh. ' Remember, you failed last time.' She has drunk of the drug that never fails,' replied the Indian womaa. 'Do yon think I would deceive the one w o has drunk of "my bosom? No; my own child, Ahmud, waifcs below, and he is sot more dar to me.' ' Good, my dear nurse. Believe me, I shall never forget you. But we must not lose time. To work.' I kept well back in the shade, and watched the old Hindoo woman, who fixed her eyes, as it seemed to me, npon the wail, and then began waving her arms and bumming a low chant. At first I felt much inclined to laugh, but presently I heard light footsteps come along the passage. The Indian's action became more and more imperative. I drew baok, and a light figure olad in a loose morning wrapper glided paBt me and entered the room. One glance showed me that it wae Mrs. Graham. She looked bo ghost-like thatT should have thought she was a spirit, had it not been for her stertorous breathing. Her eyes were wide open and fixed, not seeming to see & thing. She glided past me into the room, and stood before tbe Indian woman. 4 She has come,' said the woman, in a low voioe; 'but yon must hurry — something seems to weaken my power.' 4 Open the cabinet,' said Captain Elms leigh, in a commanding voice. 'I see you have bronght the key.' In a voire which seemed miles away, Mrs. Graham answered, 4 Yes.' She advanced to the cabinet, and, producing the keys, un« looked it with the greatest ease. Next 'the oasket was opened, and one or two precious stones removed. These Elmsleigh gave to the nurse, with orders that she should hand them to Ahmud to sell ; but I notlred that the villain secretly took tbe Black Diamond and slipped it on Mrs. Graham s finger, a lock of bearish triumph lighting up his face, which showed me that he did believe in the death- giving power of the stone. I felt inclined to dash forward and seize the r&fcsl;, but prnderce warned me not to ; for this wss a family msfefer, and i did not care t3 go too far -without consulting tbe colonel. Go, go!' said Abgihad, quickly and sternly ; and she waved her hands to the : door. " As an obedient child might, Mrs. Graham bowed her head and withdrew. She passed so close by me that her clothes touched ms; but she was in a tranoe, and ; quite unconscious of my presence. Tbea the captain and the woman said sometning in Hindoo, tbe .light was-sex- tioguiehed, and they passed me, not aware of my presencs. j All that night I was awake. Part of the j time I employed la writing out what I had ; seers, the rest in trying vainly to go to sleep j so that I was delighted to be up at ccck crow, take & bath, wash, dress and be out. I walked cn at a brisk rate, and admired the beautiful scenery so much that I found I should have to harry back, and of course did so ; but scarcely had I reached the park gate than I met the oolo⪙, who had in quired which way I had gone, and was about to follow me. He was pale as death, and as be took me by the arm he clenohed his hand so brmly that he hurt me. 4 Gervai,' he said, hoarsely — 4 Gervai, the Black Diamond is gone !' ' I have no doubt I can get it back again,' I replied. 4 Stay ! I must speak quickly, for here comes your wife. The cabinet was opened lset night. I saw it done — I saw the Btones removed. Tbe people who did it were the Hindoo nurse, Captain ElmBleigb, and your wie.' 4 My wife ! You lie !' mattered the oolonel ; and I thought he would have flown at my throat. 4 Be calm,' I said, 4 and don't 6peak so loud. Look at your wife's left hand. I must have a horse saddled to ride over to the post town, so I will leave you for a little.' I did leave him, but- is was to watch them. She advanced to him, her face full of love, and held out her bands to him. He osught them in his own, and drawing her towards him, kissed her brow, and then, as if in fun, lifted her left hand as if to kiss It ; hut cropped it immediately, and stag gered back as jf shot. 4 Graham, are you ill V she cried in alarm. 4 Speak, dear one.' The voice, the look — -all bespoke love — trae. hcart-felt love. 4 Not here,' said the oolonol — 4 not here. But — but——. Gome with me, Annie ; my happiness depends on your answers.' She followed him in silent amazement, and, as he passed where I stood concealed, he secretly motioned me to follow, which I did at a short distance. They passed into a room, the windows of which opened to the ground — by a sign bade me wait where I could see and hear what passed, and, of course, I did. 4 Annie,' he said, in his usual tender voice, but now. it shook slightly— 4 Annie, I have never kept a secret from you. Have you from me ?' ' Never ! Why do you ask ?' she de manded, in astonishment. 4 Do yon remember yesterday asking me for the ring with the black diamond ?' 4 Yes. But surely, my dear, you do not think that I was annoyed at yonr refusing it ! Your wish to me would be——' The colonel bent his black eyes full on her, an<l said : The black diamond is gone !' 4 Gone !' exclaimed the lady. 4 Who conld have taken it ?' 4 Yon !' thundered the colonel, sternly. Her eyes dropped meekly to. the ground and her lips trembled, but she answered firmly : You wrong me, Colonel Graham. I know not who has made you suspect me ; but no person in all the world conld have made me think one moment's evil of you. Let me pass.' 4 Stay, Annie, stay !' he cried, as he caught her arm. 4 Look at your left hand, and read there the proof of what I say.' Mrs. Graham looked down at her hand with surprise, and never shall I forget the cry of horror she gave when she saw the fatal ring. Plucking it off her finger, she hurled it from her in disgust, as if it had been some loathsome reptile, and, falling back on a chair, burst into bitter tears, which her husband vainly tried to assuage. At that moment I heard the sharp click of a horse's hoofs passing down the yard. One glimpse between the trees showed me it was G&ptain; Elmsleigh, and it did not need the eye of a detective to perceive that he was leaving Elmsleigh for good. ' Colonel,' I cried, as I dashed into the room, the thief —Elmsleigh — is making good his eecape ! Shall I stop him ?' He looked pleadingly at his wife, and the answer came : v 4 Go ! My only duty is to j on— my huBhaud ! Go !' ; Not another word. In two minutes we were in the stables, horses out, saddled, mounted, and away we dashed, never two men more eager in a race than we in this hunt. The hedgerows seemed to fly past as. The frost-ocvered fields became like ribands of silver, which rolled rapidly by. I am a good rider, and kept np pretty well with the oolonel ; hut now and then he -forged ahead, and once had reached the top of a hill a few lengths before me, when he gave the 4 view hallo,' and I knew the game was in eight. Yes, there be was. When I topped the hill he had pulled np his horse for a moment, as if to halt. But con science proved stronger than his oonrage. Ho gave his horse the rein, and we dashed after him. I wiil not enter into or try to describe the wild excitement of that chase. Not a word was spoken— not -a sound was heard in the still air of the morning bat the measured beat of oar-horses' hoofs as they flew ovef the frost-bound roads. I was about to get ahead of the oolonel— we had passed and repassed eaoh other many times— when he ottered a cry of honor, and seizing my horse's bridle, checked the aaima & j so suddenly that he nearly unhorsed me. j 4 Stop, stop !' he cried. 4 Stop, or you are j lost I 4 Heaven have mercy on his soal, he i has gone !' 1 For some moments the colorel remained : siiil with his face oovered with his hands. | Then we rode as hard as we could to a faim near at hand, and having procured aaetst&cce; from a farmer, we went to a plaoe called the Devii'sQuarry — a terrible place, bat badly defended on tbree sides, and on the foarth not protected at all. Down that terrible place Captain Elmsleigh and his horse bad dashed. Need I say both were dead i No one ever knew of the robbery that had taken place at Owthwaite Hail ; no one ever knew of the disgrace , which a love of vengeance had urged Captain Elmeleigh to. He was buried with all honour down in tbe quiet little village churchyard. The Hindoos were packed off to their native land. And the Black Diamond ? Well, that was the only piece of justice the colonel had ; it is buried on the finger cf Captain Elmsleigh. 