THE NOVEMBER MAGAZINES. In the North American Review Colonel R. G. Ingersoll, whose concise, vigorous, and incisive style is exceedingly effective in contro- versy, presents the agnostic view of revela- tion. He dissects some of the fundamental propositions of the "Westminster Confession of Faith," and contends that they express "the superstitions of ignorance, of cruelty, and fear." He condemns the Pres- byterian Sabbath, and alleges that a belief in the supernatural "makes every brain a prison and every soul a convict;" concluding by entreating his clerical opponent, the Rev. Dr. H. M. Field, not to proclaim as tidings of great joy "that an infinite spider is weav- ing webs to catch the souls of men." General Beauregard continues his narrative of the "Battle of Petersburg," in which a mere handful of Confederates offered an almost incredible resistance to more than seven times their number of Federals. Mr. W. H. Ballon raises the interesting question, "Are the lower animals aparoaching man?" and adduces good reasons for the conclusion that many species of them possess a higher mentality than primaeval man, and than some of the lower classes of men to day, while he is also of opinion that the time will come when our "poor relations" will be able to converse with us. Some of them certainly comprehend our speech, and discriminate between the language of the country in which they were bom and a foreign tongue. Senator John Sherman's qualifications for the Presidency of the United States are discussed by a partisan, who makes out that his claims are as irresistible as his public virtues are incalculable. Under the title of "A Chestnut Bur," the lady who signs herself "Gail Hamilton " writes some caustic strictures on the split in the Andover Theo- logical Seminary, and upon the inconsis- tencies of its professors. General Lloyd Brice deals trenchantly with the mischievous doctrines of the American Anarchists - who are, in reality, naturalised foreigners - and shows that what they aim at is not merely the destruction of society, but of civilisation. In an essay on "Those Wonderful Ciphers," Mr. A. D. Vinson proves pretty conclusively that Messrs. Donnelly, Brown, Black, and Clark have all been putting into Bacon's book words that Bacon never wrote, and that "the very cipher which Bacon claimed as original with himself is found described in two books - the first written by Porta, and printed in 1563 (when Bacon was three years old) and reprinted in Strasburg in 1606; and the second written by De Vignere, and published in Paris in 1587. It is cer- tainly amusing to know that the Baconian rebus-mongers are using a plagiarised cipher to steal away Shakspeare's reputation." Ac- cording to Mr. T. P. Meehan, 20 millions ster- ling have been drained away from the United States by the Irish landlords since 1848. In other words, this is the aggregate of the small sums remitted to tenants in Ireland by their kinsfolk in America, in order to enable the latter to pay their rents. This is exlcusive of about £200,000 sent over during the last seven years for political pur- poses. Mr. Julian Magnus advocates the establishment, in the United States, of a national theatre, on the lines of the Comedie Française in Paris. He admits, however, that neither Congress nor the State Legislature of New York would be likely to provide the necessary funds, but he is of opinion that the public-spiritedness so often displayed in the foundation and endowment of libraries, museums, and art galleries might be also attracted towards a representative theatre, if associated with a conservatoire. Mr. J. H. Shathouse contributes an auto- biographical story to Macmillan, under the title of "A Teacher of the Violin," which is apparently intended as a sequel to one of his previous novelettes. Mr. E. Fitz- gerald's famous version of the "Rubaiyat" of Omar Khayyam, is compared by Mr. H. G. Keene with that of Mr. Whinfield, and the former, it is pointed out, is inaccurate, though highly poetical, the real Khayyam, it is alleged, being somewhat hidden in the English poet's graceful work. The preserva- tion ot the original poem, with no aid from the printing press, through seven stormy centuries is a remarkable attestation of its imperishable character as the creation of a man of genius. Mr. G. W. Lamplagh fur- nishes a lively account of the performances in a Chinese theatre, which will probably possess more interest for readers in England than in Australia. An essay on the histori- cal novel, whilst defining its negative limita- tions, vindicates this form of composition from the aspersions cast upon it by modern criti- cism, and remarks that, "however learned the world may grow, it will be an ill day for it when we can no longer take our pleasure in the buoyant narrative and quick inven- tion of Dumas, or in those incompar- able presentations of human nature, eternally the same through all changes of place and time, in which only Homer and Shakspeare have rivalled Walter Scott." A memoir of the life and works of St. Columbanus seems directed to show that this Christian teacher, who was a Scot by birth, was a champion of free thought and of religious independence in an age when both were extremely rare. Mr. A. E. Evans writes a discourse upon sermons, in which the various forms of these compositions and the methods ol their delivery are considered; while the changes they have undergone, in order to adapt them to the hurry and impatience of modern life, are also touched upon. Many persons maintain that these homilies, delivered by reverend gentlemen who are "six feet above contradiction," and whom it would be "brawling" to contradict or argue with, have had their day; but Mr. Evans does not think that we have reached a stage when the human voice and human personality have ceased to count as factors in influencing society. He believes that sermons may well have a long and useful future before them, because "all earnest words that drop from human lips bear witness to the eternal longings that possess the heart of man." Some unpublished letters of Claverhouse are given to the light. They are ten in number, dating from 1679 to 1682, and are all more or less concerned with the same subject, the marriage of Claverhouse to Helen Graham, cousin and heiress of the last Earl ot Monteith. In the concluding paper we are introduced to a volume of fiction - the Serenus of M. Lemaitre - which is said to possess something of the power and charm of Gustave Flaubert, and to rely for its interest on the blameless pathos of life, touched in the spirit of a true realism. The editor of Murray's Magazine has alighted on an unpublished poem by Thomas Hood, entitled " Winter," written in 1820, which was a twelvemonth before any- thing of his had appeared in print, and delivered as an address to a literary society in Islington. It is interesting as showing the early budding of those fancies which after- wards blossomed so richly in his more serious poems. Sir J. H. D. Hay, formerly British Minister in Morocco, describes how piracy was stopped in that country, and incidentally relates the diverting termination of an interview between a Reefian chief of herculean proportions and the diminutive Governor of the Spanish port of Melilla. A dispute arising between them, the former seized the latter in his brawny arms, "and, chucking him over his shoulders like a sack of grain, called out to the Spanish detachment of soldiers to blaze away, and at the same time to his own men to fire if the Spanish soldiers fired or attempted to advance, whilst the chieftain ran off with the Governor, who was like a shield on his back, to his followers." Prebendary Billing, rector of Spitalfields, dealing with the question of the unemployed at the East-end of London, states his conviction that the money subscribed by the charitable is amply sufficient to provide for the needs of the suffering poor, if only there were better organisation and more co-operation beeween the almoners and the distributors of their bounty. Failing this, the latter too often pauperises and demoralises its recipients. He does not think there is social disintegra- tion going on, but asserts that the rich and the poor are meeting together and for better purpose than the giving and receiving alms. Under the title of "A Message from the Dead" a contributor furnishes an extraordinary ghost story, narrated apparently in perfect good faith. Mr. James Payn writes one of his pleasant "three cornered essays," on some differences between cottages and castles, in which he gossips as discursively upon all sorts of subjects, cognate or other- wise, as Montaigne. The Hon. Randolph Stewart describes a "pounding match " in the Crimea, during the memorable campaign of 1854-5. An essay on ornamental tree and shrub planting, the conclusion of Lady Mac- donald's paper on salmon fishing in Canada, and of the story of Major Lawrence, and a sketch of Parisian character by Axel Munthe, complete the contents of the present number. The third of the ably written series of papers in Blackwood, on the balance of mili- tary power in Europe, deals with that of Germany, Russia, and Austria, and the information furnished with respect to the offensive and defensive forces of each, their railways, and their frontier lines, is peculiarly acceptable at the present moment, while its value is enhanced by a frontier map of the three nations, showing the chief lines of com- munication winch would be employed in the mobilisation of their armies for active service. The general conclusions of the writer are that the interest of Great Britain, at the present juncture, lies not in insular exclusiveness, but in joining hands with those who have as much interest as we have in opposing the designs of Russia, whose advances towards India are a real danger to us. The conduct of Montrose in relation to the Covenant of 1638 forms the subject of a somewhat dreary disquisition, designed to show that he em- braced the principles of the Covenant with a full knowledge and understand- ldg of all it implied, and that he faithfully adhered to those principles throughout the whole of his career, without ever supporting or encouraging Charles's claims to absolute power. Sir Theodore Martin contributes two metrical translations from Schiller. These are followed by some curious particulars with respect to the methods of capturing brides resorted to by certain tribes in Western China. In "The Old Saloon" we have some charmingly- written notices of Thackeray's Letters, of Mr. Ruskin's Hortus Inclusus, Mr. Stevenson's Underwoods, and Dr. Holmes's Hundred Days in Europe. The critic's ad- miration of the second of these writers does not blind him to the querulousness and senility of some of his silly letters to the "sister ladies" who form part of his little circle of adulators, and "turn his greatness into folly;" and he contrasts Ruskin's mingled gall and gush with the "delightful spirit" of Thackeray, "so playful, so tender, so true, making head with pathetic cheer- fulness through a life overshadowed with trouble." Lord Brabounre reviews Mr. Glad- stone's review of Dr. Ingram's History of the Irish Union, and in reference to the accusations of ignorance brought by the statesman against the historian retorts upon the former that, just before entering upon his crusade against the Established Church and the land system in Ireland, he admitted that he knew just enough of the Irish question to be aware that his know- ledge was most imperfect. "Was ever," asks the reviewer, "such a confession of the past and ignorance of the present offered to the public by a responsible statesman?'' After vindicating the accuracy of many of Dr. Ingram's statements, Lord Brabourne proceeds to convict Mr. Gladstone of mis- representations, and of perversions of fact, such as must, "in the judgment of every impartial reader, inflict lasting discredit upon him, alike as a student of history and a political leader." Mr. J. A. Farrer contributes to the Gentle- men's Magazine a popular exposition of the religion of Mithra, which preceded Christianity, and bore so many resemblances to it. A description of Tintagel in Cornwall, from the pen of the Hon. Roden Noel, enables him to interweave with it the story of Sir Tristram and La Belle Iseult, of which tradi- tion lays the scene in Arthur's castle there. Miss Caroline Holroyd furnishes some in- teresting particulars of two experiments which have been made with gratifying suc- cess for the institution in Marylebone of a hall for working people to resort to on Sun- day afternoons, and of a club adjoining to it, numbering 200 members, paying 6d. a month, the object ot which is to supply the poor with some of the advantages enjoyed in similar places by the rich. It is opened on Sundays for reading from half past 3 till 10 p.m. Mr. H. R. Fox Bourne introduces us to the colleagues ol Coleridge, while he was connected with journalism; these, including Sir James Mac- intosh, Wordsworth, Southey, and Charles Lamb. Coleridge's total earnings on the press, for the equivalent of twelve months' consecutive work, were £700, in addition to numerous loans received and never returned by him. In a review of Mr. Jeaffreson's book on Lady Hamilton and Lord Nelson, Dr. Japp points out one ot its most striking in- consistencies; namely, that while the author of it would fain maintain Nelson's honour as that of a spotless, stainless, English gentle- man, he is continually heaping up facts to disprove it. Mr. Edmund Gosse contributes to the Magazine of Art an appreciative notice of the works of Mr. Seymour Lucas, A.R.A., one of the representatives of that antiquarian school of art, to which Mr. Andrew Gow, A.R.A., also belongs; only while the latter enters it from the side of history, Mr. Lucas does so from that of manners and of anecdote. Four engraved examples - one of them a full page etching - are given of his pencil, as also his portrait, which shows him to be a man who is still on the right side of forty. One of his charac- teristics as an artist is that he "paints with gaiety," and this, as Mr. Gosse truly remarks, is one of the rarest qualities given to English painters A slight and sketchy paper on New Zealand, from the pen of Mr. Stephen Thomson, is illustrated by some woodcuts from photographs of the scenery described. The first of a series of studies of English costume, by Mr. Richard Heath, deals with the coat introduced by Charles the Second, which the writer discusses, even to its measurements, with a gravity and seriousness out of all proportion to its very small importance. An "Adam and Eve," painted by Mr. Frank Dicksee, is now en- graved for the first time, and both figures have in them more of prettiness than power. "Irish Types and Traits," is the title of a paper written to accompany some pictures by Mr. Helmick, professedly por- traying typical Hibernians - but the boy and girl standing up in "The Dancing Lesson" are Scotch rather than Irish; while the aged ecclesiastic who figures in "The Wayward Daughter," is a French or Belgian cure rather than the hedge priest ol the Emerald Isle. M. Ernest Ches- neau, a French writer on art, of high repute, addresses a letter to the editor, in which he points out that the English school of art, which was formerly so original, is in danger of losing all its distinctive cha- racter, owing to the efforts which English painters are making to assimilate the qualities of the French school, by which means they are sacrificing their national birthright, and gaining a very doubtful advantage - mere dexterity of technique in exchange. The woodcuts which accompany a description of Exmoor, intro- duce us to a tract of wild country, over which the red deer still rove wild and free, as they did in the remote days of the Saxon Kings. The wife of Professor Villari, of Florence, contributes to the Kn\ihsh ItltuJratal Maga- zine nu liistoncal und descriptive skctcli of the lovely island of Cupri, whouc " savage, sea-washed crugs wall in a garden land of softest beauty, and whose " Greck-luccd daughters still retain some of the gifts of their fabled iinceitry," willie the fascinations of its scenery und elimata arc so grcntjthat an Englishman named Tborold, who visited it, intending to stay there for a single dav, remained there for 40 years. Madame Villan's pap«r is illustrated by eight drawiugs from tile pencil of Mr. W. Mticluren, whom nature has evidently intended for a sculptor, because, independently of the clever modelling of the ligures ho intro- duces, they are in almost every instance designed and grouped as if for a bus relief. The second of Mr. Tristram's agreo able reminiscences of "Coaching Days nnd Coaching Ways" describes scenes and characters on the old Bath-roud, which figures so frequently in the novela mid comedies of the lost century, Mr, Itailtou's viewa of the quaint old towns, villages, nnd manorhouses of Vt iltahlro und Somersetshire are us picturesque as they aro accurate, anti the humorous hguro pieces ol Mr. Hugh Thomson help to diversify the illus- trations ; lint this artist muat have boon strangely forgetful when ho omitted tosupni) blinkers to the horaea attached to tho old-fashioned post- chaise, containing tlie runaway couple. Thone portions of draught harness tlitl not full Into partial disuse until long alter this modo of travel hud become obsolotc, Mr. 11. D. Traill'» commenta on passing events, under the ap- propriate titlo of "lit Ctuteru,"nro an ac- ceptable fen turo in this uiagaxlno, and ins strictures on Zola, whom he designates " the great apostle of the pig-sty," are as just as they are severe. 