A GHOST. The Advertiser's Cradock correspondent, •writing on April 27, telle the following strange story : — Great excitement prevails here as well as at Carrieton and other places about, on account of a sensational- ghost story that has been going- the rounds for some time. On Monday night Trooper Mitchell and two residents of this place drove down to see or hear for themselves, and the following is their account of the ghostly visitant:—The scene of the wanderings of the spirit is the BooT cunda Creek, about 17 miles from here, and it appears to confine iteelf to a cottage of a Mr. Hamdorf, situated on the bank of the creek, about-30 yards from a large waterhole. Mr. Hamdorf and his family were away in Quorn, having taken there a child of about 7 years of age, for whom the spirit seems to have a partiality. There were two boys of about 9 and 13 years of age stopping in the hut, and they seemed to take not the slightest notice of the disturbance. " About 9 p.m., all being quiet, the light was extinguished, and all were on the qui vice. In a few minutes a great noise was heard as of someone splashing in water or walking in water. Immediately a knocking commenced at the north-east corner of the hut., Two of the party went outside and heard the knocking as though inside, and could see nothing although they walked round the hut. Afterwards Trooper Mitchell went outside and heard the knocking just as the others had done. They thereupon asked questions and received replies by knocks, two knocks being regarded as signifying "No" and three knocks "Yes." The information obtained that way was to the effect that the noctural visitor was dead, and had been buried five feet under the ground at the north-east corner of the hut. Mr. Hamdorf, it appears, elicited the same information, and dug a hole six feet deep at the place mentioned but found nothing. The knocks are of much the same character as those given by any ordinary person knocking at a door, but 'on being told to knock hard/the " spirit" makes everything in the place rattle. The cottage is built of upright pines with pug between. In about an hour the knocking ceased, and the investigators turned in, but not to sleep— that being out of the question. About 2 a.m. the ghost returned and started knocking again; Mr. Mitchell went out and walked round the hut, but could see nothing although the noise was kept up. This has been going on for the last six weeks, and Mr. Hamdorf has decided to abandon the place. Many residents of Carrieton have visited the place and have heard the same noises. Two or three shots have been fired in the direction o£ the sound, but nothing came of them. A party of six were there the night before. It may be mentioned that a shepherd was drowned in the waterhole some years ago: Whatever the cause of the disturbance is Trooper Mitchell is convinced that it is some thing very unnatural, and he is a man whose word is to be relied on. The ghost, on being asked the distance from the hut to Cradock, knocked 17 times on the wall. The exact distance is 17 miles. Writing on May 2 the same correspondent says :—" Trooper Mitchell and six others started from this place at about 3 o'clock for the haunted cottage. They arrived there about sundown, and found the place deserted, the windows and doors being fastened up. The trooper and another of the party stayed all night, but heard nothing. En tbe morning on their way home they saw Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorf, and the trooper had an interview with them. They are thoroughly convinced that there is something most unearthly about the place, and promised him that if he came down again they would accompany him with, the little girl and stay in the place at'nigbt to give him every chance of hearing what goes on. They state that the little girl used to Bit on an empty birdcage in the hut, and that the knocking could be distinctly heard inside the cage no matter where it was placed. When she waB sitting at the table the noise was heard underneath. It is the intention of the trooper if possible -to visit tbe house again very shortly accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorf." 