JACK. fsoXcusse.J When Jack stepped off the D atiny, at Zephanish Salt and Co.'s wharf at y'airharhor. after that voyage, clean, pale, good-natured, and so'aer, tnnrurg that he would get shavedi before ho hulried name to Teen, arnd wishin,; he cohll pay the grocer's bill upon the war, and t'.okinc that in default of thit, he would start an account at the market, an' carry her a chop or a eansage, in fact think inc about her with an absorption which re esmbled consideration, if not affection suddenly he caught her name upon the wharves. It may have been said of accident, or of the devil-God knew; they may have been too drurk to notice Jack at the first, or they may have seen and scented from afar the bad blood they stirred, like the hounds they were. It will never be told. The scandal of these places is incredibly barbarous; but it is lees than the barbarity of drinking men to a man who strikes out from among them. selves, artd fights for his respectability. The words were few-they are not for st -hut they were enough to do the deed. Jack was quite sober. He understood. 'They assailed the honour of his home, the truth of his wife ; they hurled her past at her and at himself ; they derided the trust which he had in her in absence ; they sneered at the * reformed man' whose domestic prospects I were-as they were; they exulted over him wilh the exulctation in the sight of the havoc wrought, which is the most inexplicable imt. pulse of evil. Everybody knew how bot-blooded Jack was ; and when the fury rushed red over I his face painted grey by abstinence, there was a enmart scattering upon the wharves. liis h , clapped to hie pocketa ; but his 1 was an a,J cheap, rusty pistol (he had Iswapped a Bible and his t awls foritonce, upon a spree, and got cheated); it held but one cartridge, and his wrist shook. The shot I went sputtering into the water, and no hartm came of it. Jack Jammed the pistol back into hispocket; he glared about him madly, I hut had his glare for his pains; the ment were afraid of him; he was alone upon the wharf. It can hardly be said that he hesitated. Wonld that it could. Raving to himself head down, hands clenched, feet stumbling like a blind man's-the fisherman sank into the first open door he staggered by, as a seinoer pierced by an Invisible swordfish sinks into the sea. Ile had fifteen inch places to paas before he reached his house. His chances were-as they were-at best. lie drank for half an hour-aun hoar-a half moro-came out, and went straight home. It was now night of a February day. It had not been a very cold day; a light, clean -anow had fallen, whrch was thawing gently. Jack, looking dimly on through his craze,, I saw the light of his half of the grey cottage s ahining ahead; he perceived that tbshe frost t was melted from the windows. The warm t colour came quietly down to meet him across t toe fraeh snowr; it had to him in his delirium Sne look of a woman's eyes wheren they are true, and lean out of her love to greet a Incan. SIfe did not put this to himself in these a words, but only esaid : 'Thorn lamps look like she used to-cureo her I' and he went hartling on. He dashed up against the house, as a bow. t epit dashes on the rocks, took one mad look through the unfrosted window, below the I half.drawn curtain and flung himself again.t the door, and in. Ills wife sat there in the great rocking. r chair, leaning back ; she had a pillow behind i her and her feet on the salt-fish box which he had covered over to make a cricket for her, when they were first married. She looked pale and pretty, r -very pretty. She was talking to a visitor who sat upon the lounge beside her. It was a otan, Now, Jack knew this man well; it. was an old mess-mate; he had sworn off, a t year ago, and they had gone different ways ; h be used to be a rough fellow; but people said now you wouldn't know him. *I ain't so drunk but I see whoyon be. Jim,' began the husband darkly ; ' I'll settle with Sy. another day. I've got that to esay to my wife I'd say better if we missed your company. Leave us by ourselves I' 'Look hero, Jack,' Jim flashed good hu. mouredly. 'you're drunk, you know. She'll tell you what I come for. You ask her. SSrein' she wasn't right smart-and there's them as says she lacked for victuals-my wife sent me over here with a bowl of cran berry saes, so help me Heaven.' r 'I'll kill you some other evenin'. Leave us ebe I' cried Jack 'We was settin' and talkin' about the Reform Club when you come in,' objected Jim, with the patience of an old friend. ' We was wonderin'it we couldn't get you to sign, Jack. Ask her if we wasn't. Come, now Il t wouldn't make a fool of myself if I was you, i Jack. See there. You've set her to cryin i already. And she ain't right smart.' 1 'Clear out of my house 1' thundered Jack. 'Leave as be by ourselves I' ' I doin't know s I'd ought to,' hesitated Jim. 'Leave us be l or I won't leave yoeu be a a -- nminute longer I Ain't it my house ? r Get out of it I' ' It is, that's a fact,' admitted the visitor, a looking perplexed; ' but I declare to Jupiter l don't kntow's I'd oughter leave it, the way i things look. Have your senses, Jack, my hoy I Have your senses I She ain't right smart,.' aBut with this Jack sprang upon him, and the wife cried out hbetween them, for the love I of nmeror, that murder would he done. S ' Leave us he I' she pleaded, sobbing. ' Nottin' else won't pacify him. Go, Jim, Sgo, and shut the door, and thank her, for the o cranberry earse was very kind of her, aend for a my husband's sake don't tell nobody he wasn't , kind to me. There. That's right. There.' She sank back into the rocking-chair, for e he tea feeble still ; and looked gently up into her husband's face. All the tones of her e agitited voice had changed. e She spoke very low, and calmly; as if she a gIthered her breath for the first stage of a r struggle whose nature she solemnly under. d stood. She had grown exceedingly pale. , 'Jack, dear!' softly. s '1l11 ive ye time,' he answered with an i, ominous quiet. 'Tell yer story first. Out d with it I' S ' I haven't got nothin' to tell, Jack. TIe h brought the cranberry uarse, for his wife took 'e care of me, and she was very kind. And he it set a little and we was talkin' about the a. club, just as he says we was. It's Mother a. Mary's club, Jack. She's made Jim secre i tary, anrd ashe wanted you to join, for I told ry her you'd reformed. Oh, Jack, I told her is you'd reformed l--Jack, Jack I Oh, Jack I VWhat are you going to do to me. W'hat makes you lookl like that?--Jack, Jack, Jack 7' 'Stand up here,' he raved. lIe was past reason, and she saw it; he tore off his coat and pushed up his aleeves from bis tatooed arms. SYou've played me false, I say; I trusted ye, and you've tricked me. I'11 teach ye to be the talk upon the wharves another time when I get in from Georges'.' She stood as ihe bade her, tottered and sank back; crawled up acaio, holding by trhe woodenarmof therocking.chair,ahd stretched one hand out to him, feebly. She did not dare to touch him; if she had cluntg to him, Ie would have throttled her. When she eaw Ilm rolling up his sleeves her heart stood still. But Teen thought: SI will not show him I'm afraid of him. It's the only chance I've got.' The poor girl looked up once into his face and thouth she smiled. 'Jack ? Dear Jack ?' ' I'll teach.yo. I'll teach ye I' 'Oh, wait a moment, Jack. For the love of Heaven-stop a minute. I've been that I said 1'1 be to you, since we was married. I've been an honest wife to you, my bor, and there's none on earth nor heaven as can look me in the eye and dares to eay I haven't. 1 swore to ye upon the Itockof Ages, Mother IMary witnoessing-why, Jack?' ber voiceannk to infinite sweetness, 'have ye forgotten? You aln't yourself, poor boy. You'll be so sorry. I ain't very strong yet--you'd feel bad if you should bit me- samin. I'd hate to haveyou feel eo had. Jack dear, don't. Go look in the other room before you strike again Ye hain't seen it yet. Jack, for the love of mercy-Jack, Jack.' ' Say you've played me false, and I'll stop Owno up. and I'll quit. Own no to m-, I ear.' · I can't own up to you, for I swore you by the RIock of Ages : I swore ye I would be an honest wife You may pnmmel me to death but I'll not lie away them words I swore to ye . . . by that, . . . Jack, for the love of Hleaven, don't ye. Jack. For the way you used to feel to me. dear, dear Jack. For the sake of the babIes we had, .... and you Swalked beside of me, to bury em. Oh, fir God's sake. . . . Jock I . . . Oh. you said you'd beskindtome . . . Oh, rell be so sorry I For the love of pity I For the lore of God Not theopi?ol I Oh, for the Rock of -.' But there he struck her down. The butt • Bush to~olsrztla of Jast' proeuedetloa as were attlhutahle be hIs esdltion will not be ospedased h re. end of the weapon was heavy enough to do the deed. He struek, and thouen flng i away. Upon his bared arm, as it came crashing, the crucilix was spattered red. 1 He stood up stupidly and looked about the room. The covers were off the kitchen stove. and the heart .,f the coals blared out. Her yellow hair had loosened as she fell, and hboee upon the tloor. He remrmbered that she spoke about the other room, and said of something yonder, I that he hadn't seen it yes. Confusedly he wondered what it was. He stumbled in and stared about the bedroom. It was not very light there, and it was some moments before he per:ceived the cradle, standing straight across his way. The child waked as he hit the cradle, and began to cry, stretching out Its hands Ite had forgotten'all about the baby. There Shad been so many. "" 'You'd better get up, Teen,' he said as he went out ; 'is 4 cryin' after you.' He shut the door and staggered down the steps. He hesitated once, and thought he would go back and say to her : t What'sthe use of layin' there ! But he thought better, or worse, of it, and y went his way. He went out and reshipped at Sonace, lingering only long enough to drink t madly on the way, at a place he knew where e he was sure to be let alone. The men were afraid of Jack, when he was so far goneunder i as this. Nobody spoke to him. He went down a to Salt Brothers' wharf, opposite Salt and c Co.'s, and found the Daredevil, just about to weigh. She was short by one hand, and took him as he was. k He was surprised to find himself aboard when the next snn went down; he had turned e in his hunk and was overheard to call for Teen, ordering her to do some service for him, testily enough. ' Oh,' be muttered, ' she ain't here, is she ? Be blasted if I ain't on the Daredevil.' lie was good for nothing, for a matter of . days, and silent or sullen for the trip. It had been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he Scams to himself, and fished desperately ; his luck turned, and be made money ; he made seventy.five dollars. They were gone three weeks. They had a bitter voyage, for it was March. They struck a gale at Georges', and another coming home. It snowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The crew were uncommonly cold. They kept the steward cooking briskly, and four or five hot meals a day were not enough to keen one's coursage Sap They were particular about their cooking, as fishermen are,and the steward of the Dare devil was famous in his calling. But it was conceded to he anousally cold, even for March, at St. Georges'. One must keep the hlnod racing, somehow, for life's sake. Whiskey flowed fast between meals. Jack was observed not to limit himself. ' It was for luck,' he said. Takeit through, it was a hard trip The sober men-there were some -looked grim and pinched ; the drinkers ugly. 'It's a hound's life,' said a dory-mate of .ack's one day. His name was Rowe-Rowe Salt; he was a half-brotherof Jim's. But Jim was at home. And Teen, of course, was at home Jack had not spoken of her ; he had e thought of her-he had thought of nothing else. God knows what those thoughts had i been. When Rowe spoke to him in this fashion, Jack looked hard at him. o 'I've been thinkin' ef it disobligate a feller,' he said. SIHey ?' asked Rowe. 'If you was treated like folks ; but you ain't. You're froze. You're soaked. You're 5 wrecked. Your nets is stole. Yon're drove off in the fog. You're drowned, and you lose your trawls. If you swear off. you miss your Sluck. It's dirty abroad. Folks don't like the looks of you. There's Mlwere a hanker in tie. pit o' your stomick. When you get upon a tear you don't know what you-do to-folks.' Jack stopped himself abruptly, and leaned upon his oar ; they were trawling, and the weather crew thick. ' Rowe,' he said, staring off into the fog, 'did ye ever think we was like fishes, us Fairharbor folks ?' ' I don't know's I her,' said the dory-mate, staring too. 'Well, we he, I think. We live in it, and we're drowned in it and we can't get out on't, -we can't get out. We look like 'em too. I've thought about that. Some of us look like haddock. You've got the halibut look your. self. Skipper, he's got the Jib of a monk- fish, -you ken see it for yourself. There's a man I messed with, once, reminded me of a scult. pin. I guess I'd pass for a lobster, myself for colour, anyhow. We take it out sonteways, each on us. Don't ye know the look the women folks have when they get old and have gone hungry? You can tell by the build of a boy which way he'll turn out-halibut way or hake, or mebhe mackerel if he's sleek and little. It's a kind of a birth.mark, I shouldn't wonder. There's no gettin' out on't, no more',, it out of you. Sometimes I used to think. ' Good Lord I' cried Jack. He laid down his oar again, and the dory wheeled to star. hoard sharply. 'Rowe Salt, you look there I you tell me if you see a woman yonder on the water I' ' You've got the jim-lame., Jack. Women folks don't walk at Georges. I can't see , nothir' nowhere, but it's thick as-' ' It's thick as hell,' interrupted Jack, 'and there's a woman walkin' on the water. LordI don't you see her? LordI her hair is yeller hair, an' it's streamitn' over her s don't you see her? She's walkin' on thist devilish fog towards the dory. Teen I Teen I iTren There) Lord save me, Rowe, if I d didn't see my wife come walkin' towards us, us eettin' in this dory- lii-igh I I'll swear off when I get home. I'll tell her so. Ihate to see such things. SYou see, Rowe,' Jack added presently- I B for he hbad. not spoken after that, but had r fallen grimly to work. It was ten below, and the wind was taking the backward spring for a bitter blow; both men, tugging at their trawls through the high and icy sea, were atiffering too much to talk-' ye see we had some words before I come on boardi and she warn't right smart. '['he hahy can t be very old. I don't know how old it is. I was a oncommon drunk; I don't remember what I r lid to her. I'm afraid I hit her-for I had some wordg with her. I wished I was at home. She won't tell nobody. She never Sdoes. But I'm set to be at home and tell her t I've sworn off. I've got moner for her this trip, too; I'm afraid she's in a hurry for it.' T After this outburst of confidence, Jack. seemed to cling to his dory-mats; he followed nhim about deck, and looked wistfully at him. he Jack had begun to take on the haggard look of the abstainer once again. 'he crew thougha he did not seem like himself. If Shad stopped drinking, abruptly, after that Sday in the fog, and suffered heavily from the k weather and from exposure. at I erI a Rowe,' he asked one day, 'if iany k, thing was to happen would you jest step in arid tell my wife t didn't believe that yarn abouther? She'll know.' at Now it befel, that when they were rounding yd Iastern Point, and not tillthen,they bespoke the Deatiny, which was outward bound, and d signalled them. She drew to speaking dise o tance, and her skipper had a word with the Smaster of the Daredevil, but he spoke none too loud, and made his errand quickly, and k veered to his own course, and the two boats eparted company, and the Daredevil came d hnstling in They were almost home. SIt was rem mberedafterwards that Jack was hadlyfrostbitten upon that voyage; helookled Shbadly; he had strange ways the men did not id know exactly how to take him. He was over. heardl to say: 'I ain't a'goin' to go to Georges' again.' Rowe Salt overheard this. after the skipper oe f the Destiny had signalled anrd tacked. Jack was sitting aft alone, when he said it, looking seawerd. He had paid littleor no atteltion to the incident of the Dastity. but tat staring, of plunged in some mood of his own wich seemed as solitary, as removed from his kind d. and from.their oomprehoenaion, as the moods of mental d sorder are from the sane. kSo then, with such dexteriy as the ignorant man could muster, Salt got his friend below, ion some pretext, and stood looking at him hk hl' pleasly. 'You don't lopk well, Rowe,' Jack tug o ~iotesn pleasantly. d ' Jack,' said his dory- mate, toring white eo thin', for somebody's got to tell ye, and sthey said it must be me. There's o warrant after y e. The sheriff's on the tug betwixt us and the wharf. She's layin' off the island, him aboard of her.' 'x never was in prison,' faltered Jack. 'The boys have always bailed me.' ' 'ain't a railin' matter, Jack, this time.' ' What did you say?' ' [ salm it wasn't a blain' business. Somre , bod,'s got to tell you.' d Jack gazedconfidingly up into his friend's far. 'lWhat was It that I done, old boy. Can'tye tell mel' 'Lea the sheriff tell you Ask the sheriff. 0 I'd rather it was the sheriff told you, Jeck.' 'Tell me what its I Ilone. Rowe alit I'd sellyou.' le looked psetled. 'Tha sheriff k, oswe more about It nor I do,' t begged the fisherman; 'd6n't make anold messmate tell yea.' ' All right,' said Jack. turling awar. He m had now rowm very ou'et He pleaded so moreq only to mutter once * I'd rather n.tr, t iro i a mes nimatp.' Rowe Salt took a step or two, tunrne, stopped, stirred, and turned again. * YoO kti, d a.e..e.dy, then, if yeou will know' K. Ile somebody? 'Ye,. ' I was drunk and killed somebody r 'Lord help you, yea.' 'I hope,' h,,.aral)-' Look here, Salt, I hope Teen won't know.' ' I say. Rowe.' after a long pause, 'who was it that I killed ' ' Ask the sheriff.' ' Who was it that I killed ' F 'The ekipper'll tell you, mebby. I won't. aNo, I vow I won't. Let me go. I've done my share of this. Let me up on deckl I t want the air l' ' I won't let you op on deck-so help me till you tell I' S' Let me ,,ff Jack, leu me off l' Tei mec who it was, I say r a' Lord in Ine,.ve,, the poor devil don't know -he really noo't' S'I though yo1u would hba' told me, Rowe,' s said Jack with a smile-his old winning smile, that had captivated his messmates all his life. S' I will tell you 1' cried Rowe Salt with an ,t oath of agony. ' You killed your wife. Yoo k murdered lier. She's dead. Teen ain't to e home. She's dead.' r They made way for him at this side and at that, for he sprng rup the gangway, and dashed amona ther, When he saw them all 0 together, and how they looked at him, he k stopped. A change seemed to strike his purpose, he it what it might. d Boys,' said Jack, tlooking all about 'ye d won't have to go no. bail for me. I'll bide my Saccount, this time.' iHe parted from them, for they let him do the thing he would, and got himself alone into the hows, and there he sank down, crouching, and no one spoke to him. The d Daredevil rounded Eastern Point, and down the shining harbour, all eatle set, came gayly e in. They were almost home. e Straightway there started onut upon the e winter sea a strong, sweet tenor, like a cry. It was Jack'. voi,.e-.everybody knew it. He a stood by himself in the bows, back to them, d singing like an angel or a madman-some Ssaid this; some said the other a ' Ut?:k of ate-, e:eft for me I d Let ms htle mylsel In thee; . . a ' Thou must save, sad thou asone. . 1 When I roar to worlds unknown. See thee on thy judgment throne,' r sang Jack, , With the ceasing of his voice, they divined how it wase by one instinct, and every mas k sprang to him. But he had leaped and gained on them. a The waters of Fairharhor seemed them eo selves to leap to greet him as be went down. re These that had borne him and ruined him buried him as if they loved him. He had ,f pushed lip his sleeves for the spring, hard to ,e the shoulder, like a man who would wrestle at odds. t As he sank, one bared arm thrust above the d creet of the long wave, lifted itself towards the ig sky. It was his right arm, on which the d crucifix wa, stamped. is White and sold as the lips and heart of a lily, the day blossomed at Iairharbor one a June Sunday, when these things were as a tale that is told. It was a warm day, sweet and still. There was .no wind, no fog. The harhour wore her innocent face. She han re o.e; who can help believing in it, to see it ? SThe waves stretched themselves upon the 1e beach as if they had been hands laid out in br henediction; and the colours of the sky were e like the expression of a strong and solemn countenance. So thought Mother Mary, standing by her husband's aide that day, and looking off from d the little creature in her arms to the faces of e the fieherrnen gathered there about her for the service. It was an open.air service, held upon the beach, where the people she had served and loved could freely come to her and would. They had sought the scene in large numbers. The summer people, too, strolled down, distant and different, and hung upon the edges of the group. They had a civil welcome, but no more. This wee a fisherman's affair; nobody needed them ; e Mother Mary did not belong to them. 'The meetin'e ours,' said Rowe Salt. * It's us sbe's after. The boarders ain't of no account to her.' His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, and some of the respectable women neighboura. The skipper of the e Daredevil was there, and so were many of a Jack's old meessmates. When it was under a stood that Mother Mary had adopted Jack's baby, the news had run like rising tide, from wharf to wharf, from deck to deck-every t body knew it, by this time. Almost every. o body was there, to see the baptism. The o Fairharbor fishermen were alert to the honour of their guild. They turned out in a force to explain matters, sensitive to show their beet. They would have It understood that one may have one's faults. but one does II not, therefore, murder one's wife. 'The scene in the annals aslid the legends of n Fairharbor was memorable, and will be e long It was as strange to the seamen as a leaf thrown over from the pages of the Book d of Life, inscribed in an unknown tongue, of which they only knew that it was the tongue an oflove. Whether it spoke as of men or of angels they would have been perplexed to say. I nto her childless Life, its poverty, its l satrugles, its eacrilices, and its blessed hope, Mother Mary's great heart took the baby as she took a moani's own better nature for him ' that which lay so puny and so orphaned in e those wild lives of theirs, an infant in hel hands. Jack's baby, Jack's baby and Teen's, as if it had beer anybody else's baby, d was to be baptised 'like folks.' Jack's baby, I poor little devil, was to have his chance. r The men talked it over gravely; it affected r them with a reepectone would not anticipate, i who did not knowthem. They had their Sun. day clothes on. They wore all clean. They 0' had a quiet look. One fellow who had taken \- a little too much ventured down upon the ' beach, but he was hustled away from the d christening and ducked in the cove, and hung t upon the ricks to dry, One most be sober it who helped to baptise that baby. r This was quite understood. pr They sang the hymn, Jack's hymn and STeen's ; of course they sang the Rock of k. Ages, and Mother Mary's husband read 'the " chapter' to them, as he was usneed, and spoke d with them; and it was so still among them that they could hear each wave of the placid sea beat evenly as if they listened to the beat ing of a near and mighty peaceful heart. at Mother Mary spoke with them herself a little, She told them how she took the child, o in despair of the past, in hope of the fotr..; in pai, and pity, and in love; yearning over ! him and his, and those who were of their n inheritance, ald fate, their chances, and their s oerro?ws. and their inse. She told them of the ohild'e pure heart within us all, which i needs only to be mothered to be saved ; which d needs only that we foster it, to form it; which needs that we treat it as we do other weak anrd helpless things, whether inour Sselves or in another. What was noble in d them all, she said, was to them like this little thing to her. It was a trust. Shegave SIt to them, so she said, as she took the baby, here before their witsessing, to spate him Sfrom their miseries, if she might. d They were touched by this, or they seemed Sto be; for they listened from their souls. r 'We'd oughter take off our hate,'somebody Swhispered. So they stood uncovered before the minister, and Mother Mary; and Jack's r poor baby. T'he es.cred drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fishermen heard the stacred words : g 'In the name of the Father: And of the " Son: And of the HIoaly Ghost. Amen.' t Du nio one heard ote other words, said by d Mother Mary close and low, when she re' is Pelved the child into her arms again, and bowed her face above it: t * My son, I take thee for the sake and for the love of thy father, and of thy mother. ' Be thou their holy bghost.' S But the fishermen, sneed not to understand .her, but only to her understanding them, ' perceiving that she was at prayer, they knew not why, asking of Heaven they knew not Swhat. the fishermen eaid: Amen. Amen. S'Alt the Year Round.' 