HAMLET IN '52. They nre tlie abstract and brief chronlclcrj of the time. — llAMMiT. Several parties, Mr. Kelly states, intended going to the theatre, and he waited for the most respectable convoy that was formed, and went to see how tho Royal Djve was represented at tho antipodes. The evening was very dark and dank, and the streets apparently deserte I. But there were murmurs of voices iu tho direction of Queen-street, and a lurid halo in the sky denoted by a murky irradiation where the magnet of the night was situated. Turning into Bourke-street, one would have supposed it was to have been an outdoor representation, iu the Champs Elysces fashion, from, tho crowd aud tho glare of light which was blown about from a number of cans of fat and rags which did duty as gas lamps. But these were indispensable to enable the patrons of the drama to distinguish the lines of boards and stepping stones which led from the hard street through the mud to the doorways of the Toinplc of Tliespis. The carriage folk had a special plank, which was altogether insufficient for the vehicles. Like so many Trojan horses, o.tch contained a host, and when you would be ready to believe tho last person had emerged, a compressed digger would come out of a corner with a bundle of . rumpled satin in, his arms, and. failing to 'walk the plank,' would carry it in triumph through tho kuec deep mire to the dress circle entrance, while somo more of the dislingute dames with the right of private entrdb conducted their admirers through the bar of the adjoining tap, where, as a matter of cmirsc, there was sur: (o be a chump gnu hliout for the company. The outrauce to tho pit was 5s,, and as I got into the body of the hall, I found the chandelier overcast hy a dark cloud of tobacco smoke. At intervals I could hear through the tumult of the voices above, and around me a cracked flageolet, violiu and drum playing an overture. Tho dress circle was crammed beyond sitting posture with florid looking women, with their pinned bonnets dangling in front of the boxes. ' Somo more had hung all over them a profusion of most ponderous jewellery. Their lords in waiting were habited either in tartan jumpers or red shirts, smoking short pipes and indulging in delicate attentions, which frequently 'brought down the house' before' the rising of the curtain. I saw several swells astride the'leahing cushions, ' and heard several recognitions, such as ' ? . ? your eyes, Bill ; is that you?' or, 'Poll, my beer-can, hovf's your coppers?' The upper, tier held more of a medley audienco,.. including groups of sailors and their fair. Dulciueas. There was a tumultuous uproar all tho time, without any lull whatever, but in the midst of the hurricane a man in tho pit was seen to stand up on his so.it with his back to tho orchbitra, and, gesticulating oarnestly as if to obtain a hoariug, iu which ho suc ceeded,' and said : — ' Ladies and Geinmen, — I thauk you for your kindness. I am, in fact, obliged to you, (Loud cheors.) I suppose you all recollect mo; if not, I beg to inform you I am. Tim.Jones, who kept the shavin' shop in Flinders-lane. (Cheers.) I'm just comofrom tho famous Eaglohawk, whero I dug up 150Joz., and I'll be ? - ? for the future if ever I'll shave another mother's son.' ... A tempest of cheers followed, iu the inidstof which the cur tain rose on Bernardo, Marcel I us and Horatio, who, however, failed to divide ihe attention with Tim Jones uutil the ghost made his appearance in a mo?t comical rig. There was a roar of laughter, and shouts of 'Well, I'm blowed,' 'Holy Moses,' ' Does your mother know you're out?' The act proceeded in dumb show amidst immense applause. The first interval was enlivened by renewed pleasantries aud demands for nobblcrs, which wero ministered with wonderful assiduity. Toasts were given, and tho second act commenced without its being noticed until Ophelia entered, which was a signal for a tempest of clapping, lasting uutil the King uud Qaecu stalked, uud t!u stage monarch so impressed our enthu siastic god that he sent him down a bottle of brandy by tho thong of a stockwhip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a most amusing colloquy between tho gravo digger and tho gold diggers from Eaglehawk, made up of mutual inquiries about tho depth of sinkiug aud tho return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined in the joking. Aftsr this there was a fierco row caused by the accidental falling of a brandy bottle from the gallery into the pit, but which was resauted as mi intentional occurrence There was at first an attempt made to go round and attack the gods in the rear, aud then an escalade was essayed, in which two sailors succeeded in climbing up the pillars sustaining the boxes ; but, instead of a display of bloody hostilities, a festive scene ensued, which soon spread into a regular epidemic, during whic'i brandy bottles wero let down and others hoisted up by nipys inside uf h.iudkcrchicfs, amidst a tempest of tousls an hurrahs. The nniuager at length camo forward to invoke a hcurinir, but nobody heeded him. Then poor Ophelia, with straws iu her hair, endeavored to bring the lunatics to reason, and, after a world of curtesyiug, she induced a pause ; but, as she was about utter iug tho first word of remonstrance, a riotous sailor roared out, ' Come, give us Black-oyed Susan, old gal,' which produced such an unconquerable rolapso that the remainder of tho pcrformauco was cut down to the la~t scone, whero tho poisonings and sword practice brought tho performance to an agrceablo conclusion, ' Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, iu uudress, wero obliged to appear before the footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggets, a substitute for bouquets. 