TI8 8gll0gRiSf. Uncle Isoni was whitewashing an old, dilapidated house on Whitehall-street yesterday. The interior had a ghostly appearance, and the gentleman said to the old negro, 'Isom, ain't you afraid of ghosts f' ' No, sir, datlain't, young master,' was the reply, as the old man's face loomed up with a smile. ''You are not?' 'No, sab. Dar are no ghosts.' 'How do you know ?' ' Case sab., when a person dies dey an in TioaVipn nr -niiTcmfnrxr. nr one fir «1p niMnr. ' ' Yes ?' ' And if dey goes to purgatory dey can't get away; an' ef dey goes to heaben dey don t want ter get away an' cum back ter seollopin' roun' dis world. Tsetoooldto let dat kind er mesmerism' bizziness bodder me.' ...... --11' ' Where shall we go this summer, dear f' asked Mrs. Flyaway. ' Well, let's see,' replies her husband, ' last winter we got malaria in Florida.'' ' Yes, and the aligators got your pointer dog.' ' And the pre ceeding summer we got the rheumatism in the moun tains.' 'We did, and the hears got my litttle Skye terrier.' ' And the summer before that we went to the seashore and got bled by the mosquitoes and the landlord1.' 'Yes.' ' And the summer before that we went into the country, and the children were laid up all summer with ivy poison.' 'I remember.' ' Well, if I felt as strong as I used to, I'd like first rate to take a vacation this summer, but I'm feeling kind of weak and listless, and I'm afraid I couldn't stand it. Let's stay at home and rest this year.' ' People got off a great many very ancient jokes about the big diamonds worn by hotel clerks,'' re marked a salesman at the Hotel Anderson last night, ' and as a result most persons have gotten the idea into their heads that those same diamonds are nothing but big chunks of paste.' 'Do you wish the great reading public to infer that they are anything eber' ' I do, just that. Most of the diamonds worn bv hotel clerks are genuine. Only last week, while 1 was at Atlantic City, I saw a hotel clerk from 'whose breast one of the largest and purest diamonds I ever saw glittered, But, of course, he didn't pay for it, and, to tell the truth, it didn't belong to him.' ' It didn't belong to him f ' ' No, my dear boy, it didn't. He was wearing it for an advertisement. A great many jewelry firms advertise their goods in just that way. Almost any -watering-place you may go to you will see the hotel clerks blazing with diamonds that will rrake your eyes bulge out. It's a good dodge for the jeweler, audit pleases the clerk.' ' But how is the jeweler benefited ?'* ' Well, it don't cost any thing to let a clerk wear a diamond for a few months, and during that tune rich visitors are 6ure to inquire about the stone, ask where it was purchased, and so on. The clerk of course tells what house it came from, recommend the visitor to go there, and often gives him a card of introduction to the proprietor. See!' Some years ago an eccentric genius, the Bey. Thomas P. Hunt, used to give temperance lectures in America. One night he announced that he would lecture at Eastern Now temperance was not in favour among the male portion of that burgh. The women, however, were all for the ' pledge, ' and consqeuently on Hunt's first night not a man showed tiiwiRftlf. The benches were pretty well filled with women, though, and Hunt 'commenced; but instead of temperance, he took them to task on the vanities of dress, &c; They wore great stuffed feather sleeves then. They— the— sleeves — caught it, then their tight lacings, and soon through the whole cata logue of female follies; but not a word about in temperance; and the ladies went home nearly mad, told their husbands about it, and -voted old Hunt a regular «»'«ff- Tfc had announced that he would lecture at the same place the next night. Long before die time appointed they began to arrive, and when Hunt hobbled down -the aisle the building was completely filled with men. The old fellow looked about, chuckled, and muttered : ' Hogs, I've got you now ! ' The audience stared. ' Aha, hogs, I've got you now!' he repeated. After the crowd had got quiet a little, the lecturer said: 'Friends, you wanted to know what I meant by saying, ' Hogs, I've got you now,' and Til tell you.- OutWestthe hogs run wild ; and when folks get out of meat they catch a young pig, put a strap under his body, and hitch him to a young sapling that will just swing him from the ground nicely. Of course hesqueals and raises a rumpus, when all the old hogs gather round to see what's the matter, and then they shoot them at their leisure. Last night I hung a pig up ; I hurt it a little, and it squealed. The old hogs have turned out to-night to see the fun, and I'll roast you ; ' and so he did, pitching into their favourite vice with evident relish and gusto. Did you ever see a woman fish r I don't mean a female fish, but a woman in the act of fishing. If she's got to go out to buy a paper of pins or a yard of ribbon when it is wet she'll load herself up with a rubber and a pair of arctics, and an umbrella and a neck- protector. She is too delicate for a drop of rain to touch her. But she'll go out in a boat on a wet day, and let the rain come down on her and the waves dash over her, and stand soaking like the hardiest sailorman. There were four ladies once went fishing. They selected a very rainy day, and they had all their waterproof cloaks and head and feet covering. They were all by themselves when they took a boat and went to fish. It was in Maine. With true feminine earnestness they started off without anything to put the fish in. They had an elegant time until they caught a pickerel. When they caught the pickerel they didn't know what to do with it. It was alive and flopping. They had it in the bottom of the boat. They wondered why it didn't lie quiet. At last a happy and benign thought struck one of them. ' Poor thing ! It's getting all wet lying in the rain.' And she whipped off her waterproof and wrapped it up in it. Each of the four caught a pickerel, and each of the four wrapped it up in her waterproof, and the rain wet them through to the skin, but they kept their fish dry all the same. ? 