THE FRENCH COROW JWIVLS. The French Crown Jewels wero sold by auction on the 12th of Mlay. The man who knows most perhaps about these jewels is Mr. Bapst, whose father,grandfather. and great grandfather were official jewelers to the kings of France. With the aid of an article published recently in the Reuse des Deux Mondes and other authentic material, I(a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazelle) shall sketch briefly the history of tihe Crown Treasury. The reconciliation of Francis I. and the Emperor Charles V. was marked by the marriage of the Kong of France to Eleanor of Austria, and the establishment of the Crown Treasury at Bordeaux in June, 1530. The collection at this time was valued at 3,075,267 f., and included the famous COte de Bretagne. Some changes took place in the Treasury in the reign of Henri II., during which time Diana of Poitiers wore the diamonds and had them. at the King's death. At the iustisgation of Catherine do MbIdicis, Francis II. reclaimed them. Among the most valuable in the collection at this time was a cross of several brilliants, valued tlheu at over a million francs, and a superb table diamond lwhich Francis bougit for about 000,000 francs. Catherine wore the diamonds when Queen, and when Regent under Charles IX. naturally continued to look after them. At this period, but for the disputes between two English diplomatists, the best diamond in the crown of France would have passed to England. Catherine wished to retain Calais, and offered Elizabeth 120,000 crowns for it, or the best diamond which France possessed, which at that time was the grande table, as it was called. The relpresentatives of Elizabeth were not at one on the subject, but afterwards took tihe crowns. When war broke out with the Germans in 1509, Catherine was obliged to borrow a huge sum of money, and gave tihe diamonds in security until tise money. was reimbursed. During the reign of Henri III. nearly all the jewels again left the country, carried off triumphantly by victors or pawned. In 1588 only one stone remained. By the time Henri IV. married Marie do Midicis, all had found their way back, no one knows hlow, to the royal coffers, This king augmented the collection con siderably. Tihe famous old " Sancy," so called after the Swiss General, who was a sort of diamond merchant for Henri,was then in thle collection. Sancy sold it to James II. of England. This diamond has a wonderful history. It has been lost in the field of battle and in the ballroom. A workman has used it to strike a light with and then sold it for two shillings. Mlazarin, witlh the consent of tihe Queen of England, tools it along with another historical gem, the Mirror of Portugal, fromn the Duko of Epernon to whom they had been sold by Henrietta of France. The Sancy was sold in 17091 and has not since formed part of the French collection. Joseph Bonaparte found it in Spain whlen hie ascended the throne. Notwithstanding all its perogrina-. tions this stone, once worth more tlhan a million and a Ihalf of francs, cannot find a merchant to-day for half a million. The Mirror of Portugal, which has been carried in the crowns of three countries, may be still in the Treasury. When Louis XIV. came to the throne the collection was at its best. Mazarian left hlim eighteen beauties, which he mounted on a grand chain to decorate his Royal neck. In the collection there was a fine blue diamond, which is now in the possession of Mr. Beresford Hope. The collection remained thie same until Louis XV. was king, in 1722, when Claude Rond6 mounted the famous coronation crown, headed by a finuer de lis the central point of which was formed by the Sancy. The magnificent "Regent" was then added to tlhe stones. The IDuke of Orleans bought it from Pitt, tihe Governor of Madras, for two and a half million francs. It was placed in tihe centre of Louis's headband. Marie Antoinette one day, wishing to appear as dazzling as pos sible, bedecked herself with nearly all tlhe Royal diamonds, so that it was impossible to disinguishl which was the Queen and which thle diamonds. Tlhie brillianut array hlad such a fatal effecton thle king that but for thloe intervention of his council he would hlave made a present of thle whole set to lher lMajesty. Then came the great theft. In 1791, when the collection was guarded in the Treasure House, the diamnonds were quietly smuggled maway under tihe noses of the National Guard. Thle thieves scaled tile house with ropes and ladders and carried on the work of pillage for four or five days, until all that remained of 25 millions of riches was only worth 50,000 francs. Several persons were executed for the theft, but the real thieves probably escaped unlhurt. The deed hlas frequently been attributed to Danton and his colleagues. Some of the treasures were found at once. The Regent was after wards discovered in 'a wine shop. Until Napoleon became Emperor the jewels be longed to the nation. Under Napoleon tlhe collection was considerably increased. He hlad tihe Regent fixed in the hilt of his sword. In 1814 they were carried off to Blois by Marie Louise, but were remitted to Louis XVIII. in 1815. During hIis reign no changes were made in them, ex cept that he presented Wellington with a Cross of the Holy Ghost, valued at 650,000f. All the stones were remounted for tihe coronation crown of Charles X., and con tinued in the sanme until 1854. During the Republic of 1848 they were considered national property and guarded in the Louvre. Since 1815, M. Bapst said, the jewels had remained pretty much in the same condition. "They were remounted at different periods," be added, "and in 1870 were placed under thle care of M. Rouland, Governor of the Bank of France. In 1875 they were placed in the cellars at the Ministry of Finance. My father estimated them in that year at twenty-one million francs. It is diflicult to say how much they are worth to-day. Their intrinsic value has certainly diminished; but I should not like to eay for instance, how much the Regent is worth." The estimates of the Government Commission varied from twelve to forty millions. The Rlegent, which M. Blapat considers the finest stone in existence, weighls 1301 carats, but orignally, before Pitt had it cut in London, it weighed 410. It il absolutely free from flaws or stains, and is, as Saint-Simon de scribed it, "a brilliant inestimable and usnique in the world." Next in importansce inthe collection is theo jeweled swore of Louis XVIII., one of the finest pieces of taste and workmanship over produced. There are two diadems, known as the Russian and Grecian, two souds (knots), and tioe graode rdsille all mounted by the late M. Alfred Ilapst, which must also be presei·rved. Then thsere is thle " COto de Bretagne," a ruby of 200 carats. It sas first mounted in a necklace, and had the form of a Roman A. Catherine de Mbodicis had it set wit nino pearls. In 1588 it was valued at 00,000 f. It remained in the Treasury until 1749,when thse Crowojeseeler mounted it in the order of the Golden Fleece. Gay, thle enginver qf Mdmop. Pompadour's cameos, gasp it the form of a dragon holding the toison in its month. Nobody knows hoos the "Colte" came bacl; after the theft of 1701. The enormous official documents of the Revolution which would clear up this and other matters are still lying in the Archives add at the National Library qnclassified and uncaplogued. "This was one of tho stones whlilhwas doomed by the Commission," observed H. Bapst, "and probably. their exist others eqoolly importont. which thloy have mistaken." Thero is not room here to note all all the blunders which H. Bapot has de tected in the Reports of the Commission. The Commission, be says, has only found seven Mazarins out of ten which they say were left. But Maazrin, according to his will and the inventory, left eighteen in stead of ten. "One thing which the Government ought to consider," resumed M. Bapat, "is that among the jewels are n00,000 fn worth which belonged to Napoleon I. personally. He bought them willth his own money, and was always credited with the sum.. If the diamonds are sold then 600,000 f. of the proceeds ought to go to Napoleon's representatives. Napoleon III. having renounccd all re clamation on the subject of the confisca tions of 1814 and 1811, the present repre sentatives of Napoleon are, according to the terms of his will, the officers and soldiers who 'fought for the glory and in dependence of the nation betwoen 1792 and 1815."' 