THE STARTLING TRIOK OP THE TALKING HEAD EXPOSED. (ALFBED THOMPSON IN " NEW YORK HERALD,") I remember the first time I saw the curiouB ocular illusion known aa the Sphinx Table. AB I took an interest in all illusions whioh could be adapted to Btage effects, and had heard from adeptB that the new illusion was not only a marvel, but absolutely undetectable, I attended the first appearance of the re Busoitated Sphinx, first performed at the Egyptian-hull, Piccadilly, London, by a wizard calling himself Colonel Stodare. This clever trick was really invented by a young man named Thomas Tobin, who assisted Professor Pepper at the Poly teohnio Institution in Begent-streeti to whose genius the well-used ghost illu sion also owed its invention. I was well in front, and not too near, and after the usual rabbits had dis appeared out of hats and become watcheBi and the various pooket-handkerohiefs had been turned into bouquetB of flowers, the novelty was introduced as a olimax, and the sight-seeing publio had a wonder to exeroise its mind on for months to come. On the stage, not far from the footlights, was a three-legged table on whose top was spread a small velvet cover with a border of gold fringe hanging over two incheB. No room for a drawer beneath the table, and olear spaoe under and be neath the legs as far as the baok of the stage, Simply three attenuated legs, and a flat top oovered with velvet. Un a Bide table near the proscenium Btood a handsome pluah-oovered box about a foot square, or fourteen inohes every way. The lid unlocked by Stodare was opened on the aide facing the specta tors, and in it waa seen the head of the Sphinx. A life-sized head of a handaome Egyptian, wearing the typioal atriped head-piece and the aame collarette round the severed neck j for there was nothing but a head on a short neok in the box. The eyea were closed, and the long eye lashes fell on the cheek, which glowed through its Pharoah bronze with vital blood. Oloaing the lid for a moment, Stodare oarried thia box, by a handle on either aide, from the aide to the three legged table before our eyea and set it down in the oentre. Now, understand, there was a simple unadulterated table without drawers or E laces of concealment, You oould see eneath it and note the hangings on the wall beyond. The thiokneas of the table with the bottom of the box upon it oould not have been two inohes in all. Stodare re-opened the box, which had never quitted our sight, and, as the lid fell for ward the Sphinx, atill there, slept the sleep of thousands of year-but only to wake at the voice of the wizard. The splendid, oalm, majestic) eyes opened at oommand and looked straight before that marvellous face out into the nineteenth century. I had no doubt, even before the lips opened and the voice Bpoke in measured rhythmic tonea, that the head waa human and not made of wax, but the more I looked and the more I oalou lated, the further was I from a aolution of the Aral mystery I had witneaBed ainoe I commenced the atudy of modern magio, The whole apparatus waa in full light, not only of gas, but of caloium, directed on to the wondrous face while the box waa open. Until the close of the ex hibition I sat there dumfounded, and positively unable to answer the Sphinx enigma before me, Just before the oon olusion X happened to rise in my aeat, ao certain I felt that some unexpected detail might disclose the aeorut to ine, and in a moment the whole illusion was Bwept away, I saw where the body waa con cealed. I knew the triok, and I went away perfeotly happy at being certainly the only one in London, besides the in ventors, who oould have produced the marvellous sorcery elsewhere. And the whole bag of trioka was given away for laok of a silk handkerchief. As I stood up my eye oaught hovering between two table legs the marks of two fingers, such marks as may be often seen on a mirror when the light falls at a certain angle upon it, Those two finger-marks, though olose to the carpet, gave me the key to the entire Sphinx hieroglyphica. In my mental photograph I saw the confederate kneeling behind the table, with side view of the Sphinx, his head passing through the supposed apertures, one in the table, the other in the bottom of the box. The figure oonoealed from view by two mirrors of pure silvered plate- glass set at suoh an angle as to reflect either side of the room (on the stage) in suoh a way that what to the eye was evidently the baok of the same room seen beneath and beyond the table waa really only a repro duction of those sides visible in the mirrors between the legs of the table. This Sphinx was the sensation of London for weeks following, and having ocoasion to go to Paris a few days after, I offered the aecret to Robert Houdin's successor, Hamilton, who, however, re fused terms until he knew the triok. This delay of his was muoh regretted by him, for some other speculator found out the seoret three mouths later and made a ooloBsal sensation in Paris with his ".Deoapite Parlant," which purported to be the head of a oriminal who had been guillotined, but still retained the power of speaking and answering questions, This was exhibited in a cellar opposite the Grand Hotel in a room curtained to look like a prison, with the realistic ac cessories of axes, blood around the neok, and other Zolaesque surroundings, In the same year, I introduced the illusion for the first time on the stage in the cele-. brated spectacle of "Babil and Bijou," at Oovent Garden Theatre. In the ballet of " The Seasons," Mile, Henrietta Dor, one of the most poetioal danoers ever seen, appeared us the White Rose, and I designed a large roaebud on its stalk, whioh ooming up through a bed of sum* mer flowers, blossomed wide until from its open petals the beautiful Dor rose up, apparently materialising as she issued from the oalix on the Btalk, The ballet was ao arranged in groups around three sides (not in front) as to aid the decep tion by their adjusted reflections iu the mirrors. Praotically it was the same-two mir rors at a right angle and a trap door. This ourious triok was never improved on. It was added to and altered at the Polyteohnio, where, among other adap tations of the same principle, was shown an animated tableau of Sir Joshua Reynolds's famous oherubs, Three oherubs' heads and wings appeared in a j moonlit sky, floating, and sang in sweet, child voices the verses of an anthem. Really those three heads came through three holeB in one sheet of glaBa, which reflected (in an alcove) the oeiling above, on whioh was a painted sky and illumin ated moon to the eye of the spectator far behind the floating trio. Curiously enough I met the original Sphinx not three years ago in the person of a business-manager, who had been Stodare's agent, and only three months baok one of those very oherubs, in Mr. Fred Solomon, the comedian, who was then a chorister at the Chapel Royal, and who waa threatened with all sorts of torturea if he let the oat or the oheruba out of the bag. BEWARE of packages of injurious stuff pur* porting to make genuine Bop Bitters; also pre* paratioDs and fluids said to contain all the pro* parties of Aoierioan Bop Bitters. They spring UD Oil aooouut of the oreftt nnnnlnrliw nt genuine, which is only put up in large square panel amber-colour bottles, with the names "Dr, Soule," and "Hop Bitters" blown in the glass, and ia the best family medioine ever made, Read. TRUTH AND SOBERNESS,-'What ia the bast family medicine in the world to regulate the bowela, purify the blood, remove costivenesB and biliouanesB, aid digestion, and stimulate the whole system P Truth and soberness compel us to answer, Amerioan Oo,'a Hop Bitters, being pure, perfect, and harmless, See, Toe o»lra, soothing, but still invigorating effect is pecmliar only to Wous'a SCHNAPPS. Ask (or woi^a's, 