UNDERGRADUATE LIFE AT OXFORD. — « THE BISHOP OP KIPOX AND THE BAUPTON LECTURES. ? BY W. G. TORE. The great excitement of the Summer term at Oxford, next to the interest centred on the exploits of the " College eights " on the River, has been the advent of the Rev. Boyd Carpenter, Bishop of Ripon, as Bampton Lecturer for 1887. The lectureship, it may interest some of your readers to know, was founded under the will of the Rev. Jno. Bampton, that eight Divinity Lecture Sermons should be preached on Sunday mornings between the commencement of the last month in Lent Term and the end of the third week in Act Term, upon either of the following subjects : " To confirm and establish the Christian faith, and to confute all heretics and schismatics—upon the Divine authority of of the Holy Scriptures, upon the authority of the writings of the primitive Fathers, as to the faith and practice of the primitive Church, upon the Divinity of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, upon the Divinity of the Holy Ghost, upon the articles of the Christian faith as comprehended in the Apostles' and Nicene Creeds." The appointment which can only be held fur one year, is now worth £200 to the lecturer, who must be a Master of Arts of Oxford and Cambridge, and is chosen by the Heads of Colleges. The four entrances to the 'Varsity Church have been thronged at least half an hour before the doors have been opened. The undergraduate gallery has been crowded with 400 or 500 students, and all the B.A. and M.A. seats have been crowded in a way that has hardly been" seen since Cardinal Newman occupied the pulpit. Every foot of standing space is occupied, and some visitors have been accommodated in the organ loft. Several distinguished strangers may be seen at these services. On one Sunday we saw Professor Huxley and Bishop Temple of London, occupying the seats among the dons. It is a treat to witness the easy, graceful style in which the Bishop commences his sermon with only his little pocket Bible in front of him, from which he quietly reads the same text, Sunday after Sunday, John 1, 51, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open," and then quietly closing the Book, without a note or manuscript, he keeps the whole of that vast, and perhaps an Oxonian may bo pardoned for saying, one of the most intellectual, audience in Christendom, spellbound for over an hour. His voice is very sweet, his manner quiet and restrained, but in some of his most impassioned utterances, his gestures are those of an earnest Methodist Preacher. His illustrations are generally taken from home life. Some of them are very quaint, and produce a slight degree of amusement. Fancy a laugh during a Bampton leeture, it is almost il unprecedented" remarked one student to us on our way out of church. A bad imitation of Spurgeon " says another. But all are convinced that every word is uttereed withthe enthusiasm of conviction and our eyes fill repeatedly as some earnest gospel truths are given with all the pathos and earnestness of one who knows^his sins foregiven. A friend in Oxford, who dined with the Bishop quoted his own words to show the heart of the man and the Christian under the lawn of the Bishop. " My one desire is to do these Oxford men good." And certainly such men are needed amid the freethought (so-called) and Rationalism which exists here in the Oxford of today. We walked home one Sunday with our Tutor, who had been attending the lecture, and found that he was anxious for the life and character of the Nazarene to be discussed, and much to my surprise and discomfiture, I found that he was'of the Voysey and Bradlaugh type, who could find many faults in the sinless one. Would that all our Australian friends could sit with us and listen to the wondrous eloquence of one who seems to have the sturdy independence of Parker, the outspoken puritanism of Spurgeon, and the simple consecration of Mark Guy Pearce. In the history of the church of the Nineteenth Century, the Kev. Boyd Carpenter will be considered one of the foremost workers of the Evangelical School. BOOKS RECEIVED.—From the Christian Book and Tract Depot, Flinders Street, we have received a copy of The Queens Pictures, being a series of engravings, copies of paintings and statuary, illustrating the chief events in the reign of Her Majesty: published by Messrs. Cassell & Co. The great English publishers have vied with each other in the effort to produce something worthy of so important an event as the Jubilee of the Queen's reign, and the volume before us is not one of the least successful. There are in all 34 pictures and portraits, and the volume consists of some 50 pages on good toned paper, large quarto size. It is noteworthy that these pictures represent chiefly domestic scenes in the Queen's life, showing that Victoria is beloved by her people for her womanly, wifely, and motherly virtues. It is an almost unique record for a sovereign that the Queen's life should be unstained by a blot of any kind, and that not even one political blunder is laid to her charge. We should add that this.publication contains descriptive notes by Mr. Holmes, F.S.A., Librarian of Windsor Castle, and the price is Is, 6d. Those who desire to possess a handsome memento of the Queen's reign, should secure the Queen's pictures. We have received a copy of an Australian Military March, a piece of music entitled the Knights of the Round Table, by Mr. F. Basse, published by Reid Brothers, London. The typography is creditable, and the music appears to be spirited. The author has sent us a copy of a tractate entitled " Truth and Error," a conversational argument, by a mortal. It was scarcely necessary surely to state the nature of the author, for no one one reading what he has written would suppose him to be an angel. The object of the writer is to set forth the doctrine of conditional immortality, or life in Christ only. 