[?] ' A 'ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. . ? : r dreamt a dream that .w/s not ail a dream.', . By W. Clark Rossell. CHAPTER XXVIf-CoNTikuED;) 1 Imagination 1 ' Yes f A god:like' gift,; if you will ; but how much more\Buitable for this plain world of eating and drinking and making money the "stolid mind, of William Breeches gazing witii ' bloodshot eyea.'fnll of. literalness, at the vessel : to mark if any damage had been bus coined aloft or alow, and. thinking of the foundered -Bhip. only to congratulate himself,, maybe, that he wasn't aboard of her. -How much more suitable aod convenient this miud o( Bill Breeches', which a pot of hot coffee was to soothe, and a snooze of four honra to" recruit, than tho in tellect of " the Rev. , Malcolm Fortescuor capable of seeing sorrow to itc depth, anguish in its throes, all things penetrable by human gaza- to their foundations-, and in a few hours originating out of mere fancy, more pitiful aud needless emoiions for himself, tbau Breechea, backed by Hiram, the cook, and -««r. of the Bhip's company could manu facture, were twenty yeata allowed them to make the experiment in I He went below, cbaneed hie wet clothes, then knelt in impaBBioned prayer of gratitude to God ; but when iiiram at breakfast with him observing, the effect of the wild and try. ing night in his face and manner begged him to lie down and Bleep, he eaid, '.No, be could not sleep, bis miud was too strained.' ' Well, that's very quesr,' said Hiram, ' if after such 'a job as lasc night I wasn't sound asleep three minuteB after my head was down, I Bhould aBk yon to overhaul your medicine chest forme But I tell ye squarely, Mr. Fortescue, that last night's business wur the worst 1 ever was in, and seeing as how the little Hope's pulled through . it, it should be makiugye feel that you've got to know in a fow hours more abont life and the Creator s ways of workin' upon the Bea than you'd has- certain ashore if you was to keep on iivin' till ye died as old as a Scriptnr patriarch. It's enough to make a city o' London alderman, all gats and guzzle, take an interest in sailors, ain't it, sir ?— alia comin' together — fust poor Sammy's drowning, then the hurricane, then tbe fouuderin' of the Bhip right under the eyes of bur gbldeu. angel that was scorning every sea that roiled at her with her trumpet,, eh, sir ?'. ' \- And he looked steadfastly at the pareon, for he reckoned there had beea education enough ia the last twenty- four hoars to direct the eyes of Fortescue with sympathy and inqaisi- tiveuess into tbe hidden life .of the forecastle. But the curate waB m no humour to talk about such things just then. Had toe hurri cane blown them out of their course ? Were they nearer the island than when tbe tempest cume down ? WaB there likelihood of more foul weather or of breathless calms to delay the swift'keel of the 'schooner and postpone wha<ever issue was in etore ? He had to wait till noon, when Hiram, with his gaunt face looking bloated with sleep, came on deck to take tbe aun'e altitude. Then how marvellous wss the change ? the long swell ran like folds of liquid light to the north.; the trade wind, Boft and hot ub tbe lips of an Indian girl, blew abeam. It was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, blue sky over the mast heads, touched here and there by a woolly rag of white cloud and water— azure betwixt the a wells — laughing in spark iug waves which caressed the schooner's bows with snow-like fiegera and which raised cool sounds all about her and in the air. Eight bells were made. Hiram disappeared, the men went to dinner Scone walked the deck and Fortescue sat liatleaB, pale, eyes full of yearning and fixed- ahead where he deemed the island lay, aud where tbe clear olue of the sky met the softer blue of the ocean— still the same unbroken inaction that it had been for days and weeks, an ever receding con tinuity, out ofi which nothing but faith and hope could have crushed the mockery of iteration. Hiram came- on- deck with a piece of paper in his hand. Stone drew near. ' This ia where we was at noon, sir,' eaid the captain. Fortescue read aloud : 1 Sixty five degress ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles south latitude,' ' The old 'backet's got the scent !' cried Stone, ' Whip along, you jade ! It ain't fur now.' ' How far ?! asked Forteacue, in a voice that trembled. 'This side o' five hundred miles,' answered Hiram. He reflected. ' To-day's TooBdny, bill ; if this breeze lasts or anything re- eemblin' it keeps on a-blowin' we shall be having cur island fair in view by Friday afternoon.'' S one took a deep breath and suddenly walked eft, and Fortescue noticed Hiram watching the old sailor with a carious smile. Toe ordinary seaman, Joe Hall, was at the helm, when Mr. Forteacne read alond the figures of latitude and longitude Hiram gave him, end be flattered the forecastle not a little when he entered it and relate > that tbe captain bad eaid that if the like of the wind then blowing held tbey wonld be having Stoae's Island (as it had come to be termed fore and aft) in view on Friday afternoon. All hands discussed tbe subject over their hook pote of tea, the biscuit, and the remains of the salt) meat left from dinner, which' l made oat their anpper ; airi a painter might Published uy ,pdii«l ariauigmucat wiia uie author. . . j . . - , : r. , very ea-uly haye.chuseu a iuucu less. interest- ing and picturesque' Biibj-ict tor a study than the' Golden Hope's forecast e at that time: offered, for the yellow light of the westering suu came gashing and flowing with eqaa. torial intensity of splendour noder the foot of the stay foresail, fair in a pool of light npon the Seattle ; and this effnlgence dimming as it etruck down the hatchway, was re-echoed, so to speak, into'dnsky corners by the flaring and flaming wick of the forecastle lamp, thus constituting an atmosphere into which every thing looked novel, striking, aud eveD grotesque. The movements of the schooner curtseying and rolling over the swell as the trade wind swept into her distended wings of square sail and studding Bail, caused the oil skin suits suspended against tbs bulkheads to swing solemnly, and in the curious light theBe tarpaulin garments resembled_ a row_ of mariners, who, in a fit of dejection, possibly induced by,- weevils, had just committed sui cide.. ; The interior was warm, with the hot deck overhead and internal flavouring of tbe steam of tea, the carls of tobacco smoke, and the mingled aroma of tar, of the secrete of the forepeak, of tbe fumes of the oil lamp, and the peculiar marine smell that is exhaled through some - occult processes, by sailors' waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of tbe general uneasiness and misgiviug felt throughont the schooner at this period of her outward passage tbat the forecastle bands should have talked of the island they Bup poBed themselves to be approaching in such a. way as if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or not. They had maoaged to find ont, to gneas perhaps — bat — anyway . the perception was divided amongst them — that Captain Weeks was not at all. sure that Stone's Island had an existence, and now, as they sat in their sea parlour drinking tea and smoking, their con- versation took this form : — ' Lads,' Baid Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of hie hook-pot into- a pannikin which he tilted from side to Bide towards the hatch that he might Bee that it waa clear of leaves and twigs, ' Friday ain't far off, and if it Bhould come and not bring the hisland along with it, what's agoin to happen, does anyone know ?' ' Well, as I told yer,' said Johnny, the boy, who sat smoking on a chest stowed well in the head, and whoBe eyes biinked ont round and gleaming like an.owl'B from- tbe dusk there. '1 heerd the cap'n himself tell Mr.' Stone, if the island aren't where it's supposed -to be, the parBon means to keep all' on: a sarchin' tor it.' ' Ay, that'a all very well,' exclaimed .tbe cook ; 1 but thank the. Lord there's more 'n one to every bargain, and if that island ain't, wbere it's said to be, then Micky Anson ''11 .want a word with the cap'n, if there's to be any sarchin', as Johnny call9 it.' ..'Ay,' growled old Breeches, who was sitting nuder the hatch, . and whoBe natural' sourness of expression took; an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by, the. fiuc'.uating shades and tones, of light occasioned by the vessel's movements. That'a : all very well, mate, bnt- what you've got to consider is, you signed on for- a hisland: in, this, here ocean, and ontil than there islancL's corned across your bargain ain't ful-filled up.' Had this view,,been applicable -.only to.the cook, its; expression would have: excited ,a general laugh, butaa.it concerned all, hands it created a very different - emotion, :! arid; -Johnny,. Joe Hall, and Henry Sawyer stared with faces of.real dismay at.Breechee.. : ....'Ye're wrong, Bill,' exclaimed the cook. ' :,The situation of that island: mnst ha' been kriowed afore we started. When we arrive at thefpnrt where it's kno wed to be, an' it ain't there, then it'll be one of two things for this here child,' tapping his bare, . mossy breast with his fat hand, 'either home or the reason why we don't.' Well,', observed Breechea, who,- having, delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion,, did not think it the less his duty to intensify it becanaeit tuld as muchagainat himself- aa the otherB,. ! lei the island not .be where 3111 Stone Bays it is, an' you knock off, an' see what the magistrates 'il tell ye ifi ye have to go to law for your wages.' What's the good o'argning ?' . each. Duck, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffing of the tobao'co smoke. ' It isn't proved y et that Stone's wrong.' ' Ah.' remarked the ordinary seaman Hall, speaking with hiB mouth full, ' ye Bee, ! Jim, you wasn't at the helm; when the parson reads out the figures and the mate walks aft; If yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed the smile the cap'n cast after him.' ' What sorter Bmile ?' grunted Breeches.. ' What's the word ainnifyin' sneering-like asked Hall. There waB a pauBe and much Btolid puffing of tobacco and mastication of biscuit. ' D'ye too.„ Bvclaimol Luck. ' I war once aloug with a capt n as was given to calling the. mare. by. that word. when,. they. quarrelled.' . ' Well, if it means sneering-like, as I say, it's the word,' Baid Hall. ' Even,' broke in tbe cook, who had evidently been turning over points of law in his mind, ' if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to be_ fouud, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon sailors, that nothin' onpleasant could follow the crews resolve to Btop the sarcn on cne grounds that the parson's a loonatic and Bill S'.one not much better.' ' Why," said Breeches, slowly, feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, ' if ye pat it on that ground. Micky, I dunno as anything onpleasant would follow. It's piain enough that we're navigated on what tbey calls a wision,' he continued contemptuously, ' and we're not io- know that all tbe_ truth there ia in Mister Fortescue'a dream mightn't bs bottled up in- a man's heye. Sapposin' we don't make the island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision, too— one of Stone's wisions, and he ain't wantin' in the sort or pietv that snffers from heelu — balu— cuaa the word 11 There eo much alack in many English tarms that there's no baulin' of it in.' He paused that someone might complete the word. Nobody volunteering, he pro ceeded : ' Or if it ain't a wbat-d'ye call it of Stone's it might be an inwention recommended to him by the parson's friends to tell the parson, so aa he might be persuaded to take a woyage for his health, d'ye Bee? They know'd one another afore we Bailed, and who'e to say what secret Stone keeps hid ? It took bim and Hiram a long spell afore tellin' as what was the cause of th'B woyage, and can any man here, recoliectin' of that, Bay that we know everything up and down, from end to end ?' He shook his head with a sour grin. ' William Breaches hasn't been to sea all hi9 life for nothin'.' He added suddenly, ' My opinion's- Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woyage iB a delusion, and we can compel the cap'n to carry the schooner borne.' i i The cook Bmiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said ' ' I'm Dlaguey glad to hear that. I was plaguey afeard we should have to keep all on in thie bloomin' ocean.' ' If ever we get bome it'll be a journey to talk about,' exclaimed Goldsmith, with - an uneasy glance at the bunk that had been occupied by Wilks, tbe drowned seaman. ' It'e not often that thinge come together as tbey did yesterday. For my part, it 'ud pleased me more had they happened 'earlier than now, with the island within a abort sail— if so he ae ifa there — and Friday atop of the bilin' to make it in 1 What does the cap'n want to go and choose Friday for for makin' Stone's Island ?' ' To keep toon to the woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to the woyage,' said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarseness would permit it to be. 1 If the pareon's a man able to see a ship wreck ten thousand miles off in a dream,' observed Duck, ' he must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it into his head to raise out of : tbe h'Bland ? If he don't find his gal there i he may order Davy JoneB np and ask ques tions of him. And stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Davy'e done with the parson he may take a fancy to yon.' ' No fear o' my goin' ashore," responded Johnny,, visibly agitated. 1 'Selp ms, I'd cbuck myBelf down the hatchway and break a harm Booner than mouse about where wisions and ghosts have been seen aud be in the parson's power.' Some laughter followed this, but it was uot hnrd to guess by tbe want of heartiness in it thit the boy's remark had not Btruck chorda wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain that in the forecastle of the Golden Hope the BuperBtiti-ns feelings which had been excited on the other Bide of the Cape, but which had been allayed by the representations of Mr. Forteacu>'s motives and mission by Hiram and Stone, were beginning to creep and etir again, along with the old donbtB as to tbe meaning and sanity of tbe voyage, now it was under stood that the schooner was within three davs' sail of the place where the island was i affirmed to be. Chapter XXVII.— The Night Before But whatever might have been felt in tbe caiiin, there was not the same freedom of ' conversation you found among the men. The f«ct was things were so near their realisa tion that feeiiugswere rendered too. sensitive . anil, acute , qy .tiicir. uroximlty to: Warrant) fait arid .frank talk. .Hiram- especially waB- re- Served.: - He was certain that his calculations were accurate, and that he wonld be able to sail the schooner to within one minute of the latitude and longitude of the island given him by Stone; but be. waB again troubled ' and, perhaps, irritated by tbe reflection that, should the eea extend bate to its boundaries when, he told Mr. Eorteacue that the spot indicated by the mate was reached, he might be' sns- pected of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the burden oE tbe failure : be laid npon hia shoulders ; for unhappily . there was no one on board who could confirm the correctness of hiB workings ; and you saw how this con-: eideration harassed him when he stood or deck, turning bis protruding eyes- upon the crew, or directing hiB gaunt face seawards with a troubled .expression, aa though thirsting for the companionship of a vessel to enable him to . prove his figures by com parison. Nor had old- Scone much to Bay ; indeed, a wooden look came into his face, and he'd walk the deck with a regular aee-aaw swing, with a halt aft to glance aloft, then a halt forward to stare to windward, all in a mechanical way that proved it was habit controlling him. Indeed, :hie ' far-away moods, bo to say — for you- conldn't speak of dreaminess in such- a man — were ex ceedingly disturbing - to Hiram, though it was out of the question he could cballeoge the old Bailor's sincerity until the indicated situation of the island was reacbed. even if by so challenging he felt be coald make him own that he understood he was under a delusion. It waB curious, however, thai the' sceptical captain should have found Bomething like reassurance in Forteacue'a behaviour; that ia to say, in finding the curate ori the Wed nesday afternoon, in the cabin ' overhauling the contents of the box of female wearing apparel he had brought with him. It might be that his own anxiety that the voyage should prove absolutely successful in all ways made him willing to put some ' hope iri tbe clergyman's profound confidence in the truth of his dream. ' ' Ha 1' said he, ' dragging" at the mat of hair' under, his ! chin, you've got 'a proper assortment tbere'sirf- ' :Norie too .much, il ap be— well,' none"';-; too" much1,' I dareBay; any-; how. . How long'wiirtheHady have been on' the island ?' ',r' "1! ,'L"\ . . j 1 ' Nine moriths,'- answered" Fprtescue, iri a' subdued voice. ' '7 "'V «'V U : '-'-Afi whicht'ddrye;ratlierj Fortescue— that y eshobld find her when'' :we ' iriakeB the island,' eaid HiramV'-gulping'stjtbese.' words ;dn3rakking'he!!queeirion?merlr>''it':rome hope put'of th'e' clergymari's conviction that 'Storie'e island 'was ' real, ' or tbat' she Bhoiild Have beerr taken' ' off by 1 Some .passing ' 'ship ' doogago?' ; " .' Oh, the latter, 8urelr, . Captain Weeka ; yet'!'one would'jwanfc' to kho w it.' But what; 'cbance— the oceari'trackB are as ' well 'beaten' as rerids'/'tHe'islbrid'Jies out of tHe highwaye;'' and then being 'a' little rnck'Hrichecked hitqeelf and added, 6 " There jar e'nby,' many hourB nbw'b'etwixtrua"an'd:';the0truth.'. Aiidj 'he cloB'ed the lid 'of thVfiox 'with'-a' violent'' Bh.udd'er! .'"''i'l-'"' ' " ' "j;',;' l's Hiram thought- it hia-' duty ' to. cheer. Mr! Fortescue by being lively. r(, , " l r : K ' It's curious , the .number ;of ' garments' women 'wearB Bir." They're like' full-rigged- ships t 'longaide Bchoonerl; as' -compared with men.'" '.They piles ; their jcarivas high, 'and if comes low' down' too— call... jt akyeaila' to watersails' - If you' was gning'to the'relief' of' a man', a'sh'irdj a "pair o"p'»Dt8; ahd a- coat 'ud be enough j ; bu t -here's' a chest f u'l j I j' a n d nritberi I dare si'y that could hie' done". w'ithbutV ' It's . the clothing, maybe; tba$ 'stops a gqod i'rriariy' chaps from ge'ttih' married; ' You'll; be'know- ing of it, . perhaps, ae";a' ?cler sjr, If that there.cbet" is jest the tempoVaryHoatfit of a'youbg castaway ''lady, ; What'B a regular1 rig-.out goip! to cost?' arid forgetting' thafhis intention'waa-'to'-'b'e lively, he'Buff.ered his. large goggling eyea.to meet' in- a jthqughtfal squint upon the box. j 'V" . :'Gaptairi 'Weeks-," Baid Forteacue, . taking no notice of this talk, though the motive' waB -too plain to fender resentmerit'poBaible ; .' the young lady will have my cabiriy of course'.' ''And you'llhave mine, air.' ; '' -'Yea; 1. shall have to turn you out.' .' ' Why, certainly.' ' 'She may need tender nursing — the ten- dereet nursing,'' exclaimed Fortescue, brood ing over' thoughts sweet and melancholy, arid Bpeakin'g in a soft voice, rendered' melo dious by its gentlenesB. 1 Think of nine months upon an island !' clasping his thin white hands. ; ' How shall we; find her— perhapB, in good health— who knows ? God is a merciful father. I have prayed to Him by day and by night; I am here by.His com mands. Believe it or not, it is Bo captain. And then jrhehope- that springs ' eternal ! sees the kindling of it in dying eyes, as I have been eyes- still fixed-' npon -thie world. It is alight tbat illuminates tbe shadow of death. Why should it not have' supported her? Has -'not hope saved many & life but for it wonld have perished ? No, no ! It ie not spiritual hope I am thinking of, tbe deathbed beacon. It ia the material hope tbat is in my mind born of this world, yearn- in ir for thin world, tightening' the hold of tbe heart npon thiB world- for the love tbat must tie left if death cornea. It will have animated her, it will" be the spirit of life 'in her, it will BUBtain her till I come guided by God, who would not — who would not — have rent me io aeek her if she were not to be fonnd !'. : ' Although he was spoken to, although the dark and burning eyes of the clergyman were upon him, Hiram did not require to be told that Mr. Fortescue waa thinking a'ond. To the plain Beaman it sounded like an address from the pulpit so far as the manner of it went ; but the manner was hair-stirring in its way, spite of Weeke'e ' now perfect familiarity with the supernatural inspiration of the voyage, becansed it showed that the parson's conviction that the girl upon tbe island whs as profound on this, the eve of tbe discovery of the truth one way or the other, as it was when he made up his mind to buy rhe Golden HoDe and sail ber to the ocean they were in. Indeed, if ever Hiram's protruding eyes wanted an excuse for-grbw- ing moist they might have found it them in the hlunt, Bait, but hearty emotions which filled'him when he looked at the handsome, sorrowful, pallid face of Mr. Fortescue, with its sadness lighted np into a pathos capable of appealing to a far rougher fellow than the skipper, by the impassioned, prayerful, wistful exore«9ion of his countenance ; and when he considered whet- wonld be tbe effect upon the youug man if Stone's Island should prove a: delusion. . i -i- ' Well, : sir;' he said,' with "a certain un couth baehfulnesa : breaking' iu npon the tfilence.ii'if- so be the: lady's found all right upon the hislarid, I allo'w it will'be the. wori- derfullest sign of the bordering of the Lord as any man's likely to come across: this side o' the time that the Scriptures comes down to. An I wouldnt mind bettin , if bettin were 'lowalile in a pious matter of this kind, that if tbe lady's on the hisland ye'll find her in good health. If the beginniri tnrna ont right it'll be all plain enilin' after ; every- thing'll be as you could wish. The job iB the beginning ; for though I can wait aa well as another, yet I'd give two good pounds in money down at this moment if Stone or Breeches or any of the men 'ud eing out that there camel- Bhaped hisland o' yonr wision waa in right over the bow. If that beginnin's all right there'll be ne'er a kink in the rest of it, so I believe. It'll be all smooth and eaBy coiling down. 'Tain' likely heaven 'nd start a gentleman on a herrand of this kind to dis appoint him. Fust make the hisland, and all the rest's warranted. The s'eady trade wind swept its warm breath into the crowded canvas of the Bchooner, and the log gave her a speed of ten marine miles an hour. All Wednesday Bhe travelled thns, and Thursday found the wind with even more weight in it, and the schooner bending her shining fabric of canvaB far over to the leeward sparkling bine. It was a day ench as Fortescue bad beheld in hia dream when the vision of the Indiaman rose stately amid a scene of white snnshine an-l running, flashing waters. It was as though the Gulden Hope knew tbat the limits of her outward passage were almost reached. The men seemed to witness a new beauty in her it was like an impulse from a familiar object inspiring a deeper perception that found a novelty of loveliness in what before bad been familiarly beautiful only. The Burgee tumbled in silver over the blue folds of the solemn-breathing north ward- treDding swell ; tbe dazzle of the sunBhine filled the wind with tremblings of radiance, and the harp-like singing among tbe rigging sounded like an interpretation of the vibratory shining of the moving effulgent atmosphere. A faintness as of pearl appeared to brim over in liquid light from the edges of tbe sails, and to creal-e a whiteness in the bine a yard wide from the bolt- rope to where tbe azure came down to the fall and brilliant sloths in a flow of exquisite transparent azure. From either bow the salt surge broke away in a smoke of crystal particles, and it waB noticed that at moments when the schooner dipped her head, there hung in the blue translucenoy, ere it web coiled over into foam by the shearing of tbe cutwater, the misty, golden image of an angel with trumpet at month, as though the careBiing deep had sent from its heart an emblem o triumphant hops to gild the liquid <.14 .1 rr- - t-- i W ' > pacu.oyer which the Hcuoouer's,.. figure-Dead proudly rose and fell. ' ' ' ' 1 But the ocean was bare, and had been bare for days, eaving the foundered Bhip, whose presence io those waters was referable, aB Hiram thought, to the accident of stormy weather beating ber eastwards end eventually overwhelming ber in the great storm. Never before had the sense of the vastnesa qnfi desolation of tbe sea been keener in Fortes cue. He, all day long directing bis eyes ffbpa one bow to the other with wild importunate search for the islaud, which, he would con ceive, might be nearer than Hiram imagined, since Stone may have misreckoned its. place by some leagues— he gazed at the limitless sea-line, the shining miles going from right and left into the sky from the BchooneFe sides till tbe immensity of what he surveyed filled his soul with an oppression that -was like tbe despondency of mania. How else to express what be felt ? Il waa his darling he thought of— that lone star amid this gleam? ing immensity which lay bare to the eky for thousands of miles— and fancies of ber made the ever receding horizon an insupportable- contemplation. All day long he remained on deck. No foud"orossed his lips : indeed, he could not eat. Both Hiram and Stone lett bim to bim- . self. They were awed by the breathless, yearning look of the man taking in tbe sea on either bow from the bowsprit to tbe fore . rigging. It was not wonderful, it is true, to Hiram, that he should be keeping this strict continuous vigil or watch; because the cap tain argued that if Stoue'B Island were real, the old seaman might have wrongly calculated . its situation by some miles, whereby it might be Bighted sooner or later than the time he reckoned on reaching the latitude and longitude named. "What struck Hiram, as it struck. Stone, ay, and the men forward, as yon wonld have noticed by observing the glances they directed at the curate, wss the- half- rapt, half-dietreseed, expression of hie face— such a look, perhaps, as be wore n> his Bleep when the machinery of hie dream had oDened the ocean island to his mind'e eicbt. and showed Agatha npon it appealing to bim. Indeed, some of the men thought bim possessed, - and' were shy of going aft or passing along the portion of the deck he might be Btriding. He never seemed weary of walking. Sometimes he would (tome to" » stand, ' and, grasping a pin or a backstay, Bend his gaze .< full of fire round the sea to- either quarter, /and then resume bis walk. 1 1 Stone was more affected than Hiram. . Th& principal idea put into the skipper by: For- tescue's manner wbb — '.If the island's a delusion of Stone's, what in the name of all that's holy: .will: the parson feel and think and dew, .when I. has to tarn to and say, " Well, 1 Icau'fe find the. hisland ?'' ' Hiram's Bympathy hadn't ,-length' enough to go much farther rhanthat. But Stone .seemed to Bee Forte- scue-in his original character — that of the mystic,: the dreamer, slightly deranged, wrong: headed, may be;- on a point or two, and ,eo fconfiding-in hia own imaginations as to make him a pathetic subject for thought. Ncft that old.Stone conld have expressed his. (ideas:; : but i perception has. no reference to words, and the veriest landsman may perhaps like -to: know that it iB possible for the humblestiand most unlettered Bailor to have fancies aud nnderat&ndings; of things which , if robed in Miltonic language, would discover the regality of Miltonic thought.- 'Herice there i was .'mingled with Storie'e compas sionate fear that tbe curate's dream might prove nothing bnt 'a delusion; a reverence' for and awe of .the: sort. of transformatiori 'that :had been wrought in him by hiB Bilence, bis restlessness, 'his-.- passionate -' viiigance, '- the strange expression in' his ) face, Btartling for its o indefinableneas. Hiram : noticed' -the fascination .withiwhich the old sailor would", watch the clergyman, swiftly Binking;-or diverting. hie -gaze if --Fortescue looked bis. way ; . and it rendered the skipper more and more dubious of Bill's Island' as a fact. ' Depend upondt,' he thought to himself, ' tins here manner of the curate's is appealing to Bill's capacity of acting- under - delusions hisself. :. A pretty look out1 if the island's a lie 1. .But I don't care! There'B no; con glomerating of -the sun's haltitude. 'If my navigation,- ain't - accepted be must ship another cap'n.! And Mr.rFortescne himself 1 Well, hewae- feverisbly reBtlesB, as how could he fail to be, since, if the breeze held, next day was to ehow :him the limit of his long, long jonrney; and to verify or disprove the most vital part of hia- -wonderful dream 1 It was not nnDatural (hat- he could not eat:;' or that, fighting with the fearful doubt inspired by Hiram that- Stone's Islandvras.a flight of- senile imagination, he ebould ker-p a thirsty gaze fixed upon the- gea-line for any shadows which might arise there, soothing his present dread of ultimate disappointment by the anticipation of . and how fast to-day was waning. HiB mind was agitated to its depths. The look upon- his face of human distress mingled with- spiritual .hope, was the fixed shadow indi cating ;; the, inward motions — a thousand feelings corresponding with and- combining to that: marble-like fixity of facial revelation. The chill' of fear corrected the ardency of imagination, or many times he muse have broken into transports by tUinkiug ot tne meeting— if Bhe were there to receive him. . The sun-Bank in glory ; the burning crim son floated to the zenith, and a bright etar in the east flashed diamond-like through the wind, that blew on the acbooner'a starboard beam. The splendour quickly died, the orange-tinted foam faded into a pallid glimmering alongside, and the fresh wind chased tbe rushing schooner under a sky of velvet black, brilliant with orbs, with here and there a- steam-like cloud, tbat looked) like a dim. and infinitely remote constella tion. The influence of Forteecue's manner was npon' the vessel, and it was to be strangely felt when the liquid luminouB dusk came down in the bush as of expectation, though there were figtura of men moving for.vard, and tbe glowing tips of tobacco-pipes. It was such, weather as needed no 'standing by,' ye', instead of coiling themselves away for a snooze in odd corners, the watch on deck lightly trod here and there, peering over the side at the sea-line wish a kind of aoxiAns cariosity in their way, as though they had borrowed from the clergyman the- feeling that tbe island might he made out againstlthe low down stars at any moment, and they conld not rest for the desire to Bee- it, and what might show upon it even in the darkness, so full of the supernatural was the idea of it to them. Sometimes there wonld be a faint glare of lightning in the south-west, like the dim sheen of Borne gigantic violet-tinted lamp flashed npon the sky from behind the sea again and again meteors of magnificence, trailing clouds of Bplendour, swept thelp sparkling dust under the stars, andFortescnOk thought of the bright exhalation that had' leant and sailed and vanished over the mast heads of the Verulam as he marked her melting into tbe dnak past the English Fore land. The water was fiery with phosphorus; and standing to leeward whenever the- schooner clove a longer Bea than nBnal, you'd, mark the hraosy glare rising to the rounded cloths, and for tbe moment making the whole configuration of tbe fabric ghastly- wit h this churchyard radiance as it leaned under the sweeping stare. From time- to- time tbe log wae hove, and this was the- only feature of the schooner's life thai Fortescue Beemed to notice ; tbe rattling-- of the reel was a summons to him ; be wonld start and go to the lee qnarter, and- there, stand like a spectre— save bnt for his sleep less- eyes, which shone gleaming to the bull's-eje the man who turned the glass held to show the running of the Band ;-. whilst Stone or Hiram dragged in the length of the line through the glittering eddying epanglee of the wake ; and whenever the speed wa» named he moved forward again, shifting from side to side just before the mainmast with rests between, which he'd take with hie arms crossed npon the rail-, staring ouL- into the windy, Btarlit night. (TO BE CONTINUED-.)- 