The Yanyarie ' Ghost.' Our Cradock (Advertiser) correspondent on May 16 : — Having read M.C. Shegog's ac count of the Yanyarie ghost, and that being so totally at variance with the account given me by M.C. Mitchell, I determined to go to Yan yarie and hear or see for myself. Accordingly on Saturday evening — accompanied by Mr. Mitchell, butcher, of this township — I drove down to the place. The family are now living about three miles north of their old hut. On arrival at the hut we saw Mrs. Hamdorf and family and the little girl, her father and uncle, and a Mr. Bahr. They promised to give us every assistance in their power in order to elucidate the mystery. The house is built of stone, the walls being about 18 inches thick, and there is a slab floor. The spirit has ap parently followed the family to this spot ; it was first heard here four nights after their arrival. The little girl who is seemingly the 'medium' seems a very intelligent, bright, little thing, and is full of life when not affected by the spirit. The effect on the child when the spirit is anywhere near is readily notice able. 'When awake it is shown by a rolling of the eyes, a twitching of the mouth, wrinkles on the forehead, and by very deep drawn sighs ; when asleep by a continual rolling of the head from side to side, and by sustained movements of the hand and arms. At these times she is nearly pulseless. During her sleep, and while her head was rolling from side to side Mr. Mitchell touched her very lightly on the fore head with one finger, and the little thing seemed electrified, fairly rising off the bed and disturbing the bedclothes. He stated that he received a severe shock at the same time. ' I repeated the same thing shortly after with exactly the same result. The child does not seem to be in the slightest degree frightened or timid, but will sit or stand wherever desired. Immediately the spirit goes away the child returns to her natural state — her pulse beats regularly, and she falls into a quiet, regular sleep. She can then be touched without there being the slightest movement. After having had tea, and while talking in the hut with both lamp and fire burning brightly — it being then about five minutes to 7 o'clock — the knocking was heard. Mr. Mitchell and myself at once got the little girl between us on a box, to make sure that she had nothing to do with the mani festations. I had hold of her feet, and Mr. Mitchell of her body and arms. The knock ing being very slight, we inquired if the unseen being wanted the lamp put out. It immediately knocked three times, the knocking coming from the middle of the floor under the slabs. Before putting out the light we placed the girl on top of the table, and on asking if it wanted the little girl, it gave three knocks, equivalent to yes. Being asked if it was the child's mother, it replied in the same manner. On being requested to knock louder it at once did so. During the intervals between the answers and the questions a continual tapping was kept up. The noise having ceased and the little girl appearing tired it was suggested that she should be put to bed.; the bed was made up on the floor, and the little one turned in. In about twenty minutes, and when she was fast asleep, the light at this time burning, the girl began to get uneasy, and commenced turning her head slowly from side to side. The light was put out, although the fire was burning, and the tapping commenced again. Mr. Mitchell then proceeded to put questions, asking in the first place that replies should be given with three knocks for yes and two for no, which was promised. He first asked if it was the spirit of the child's mother ? — Yes. Is your name Schultz ? — No. Is it Coombs (the child's mother's maiden name)? — No. Is it Mrs. Schultz? — Yes. Mr. Mitchell having known Mrs. Schultz then asked her-Do you re member Mitchell of Georgetown ?-No. Do you remember Mitchell, the bootmaker, in George town ? — Yes. Are you very fond of the little girl ? — Yes. Wouid you do her any harm ? — No. Do you wish her to stop here?— No. Do you wish her to go to her friends ? — Yes. Are you troubling her because she is not christened ; — Yes. If she was christened would you leave her alone? — No. In reply to several questions she said that she wanted the child christened in the Church of England. In reply to other questions she said she had been dead five years, that the child was nine years old, and that she would live to the age of 27. All the time this was going on the little girl was very uneasy, her head moving from side to side. She was lying on her back. It was during this period that the severe schocks were experienced on touching the child's forehead with the finger. The child distinctly states that she has seen the figure of her mother sewn up in white calico since she has been where they are now living. The same night that the apparition appeared to her, Mrs. Hamdorf, the little girl, and two small chil dren were all that were in the place. The knocking does not occur every night ; some times two or three nights are missed, and sometimes they say it knocks very loud, making the building tremble. It did not knock par ticularly loud the night we were there, but quite loud enough to he heard all over the house. Once or twice the knocking proceeded from a box, but the most of it came from the middle of the floor, opposite to the fire, which was burning all the time. The girl's father only came home on Friday, and heard the knocking for the first time on Fridayevening. He has been to Teetulpa, and seems to be in a great state of excitement about the affair. He intends to remove the child to his brother's place at Black Rock on Monday, and she will stop there. He and the others are highly enraged against Mounted-Constable Shegog reporting the affair in the way that he did, and cannot asign any reason for his doing so. During our stay all the younger members of the family were in bed and asleep, and all in the same room as we were, so that it could not, as your correspondent Mr. Chas. Rose says, be '"due to the secret performances of Mr. Hamdorf s children." The night was very calm, there being hardly a breath of wind and the children all being asleep and watched. It could not have been any of their performances. There were no "wonderful exploits" performed by the spirit that night, but quite enough to convince any sceptic that the noise was not anything natural. The rapping continued till nearly 9 o'clock, and after waiting for a repetition until after 12 we adjourned to a neighbour's house for the night. It appeared no more that night. Last night Mr. Mitchell, butcher, went down again, accompanied by his wife and daughter, to have another hearing, and met there Mr. T. Reed and Mr. C. Gadd, and eight or ten others. Everything was exactly the same as on the pre vious night, and Mr. Schultz has promised to stay there this evening to allow some other dis believers to go down and satisfy themselves a- to the genuineness of the manifestations. I shall most likely be one of the party. Mr. Hamdorf leaves for Quorn next week. 