i TEE AUSTRALIAN IN AUSTRALIA. ' IN A BALCONY. I Tho littlo gorrión is lying dim and darkling below us, and in.tho dolicato air of the spring night, thc gardon Beonts that have languished during tho warn noonday, tako heart of grace, and como floating uj to us when we sit in the starlit balcony ir en invisible faint oloud of incense. You cannot dis tinguish or separate the several odour», but every now and then th» roses seem to triumph for a moment ovo their sisters; but it is only fora moment, and thei thoy blend again with a score of other garden smolli hardly losa, sweet and penetrative, and with the deli , catoly pungent odour that is wafted in from th sea. You ' are just aware of tho noir preaeno of the ocean in this faint far- off breath of the son wrack, and the frosh, moist feel in tho wind. Th garden »lopes down throngh tho night and th misty starlight, stooping low to the eold white kiss o the tido, and from whore wo sit wo can just catch th blue-white glitter of the ripple breaking on tho littl crescent of beach. Tho bay Itself Hos undor a sheen; mist of soft light, whioh here and tbero breaks in i phosphorescent gleam, and hore and thore reflects : brighter star, a» though tho orb had dropped ou of tho bcavon, and lay shimmering on the breast of th water.' Straight across tho bay the hill« loom np into th night, lsoliing twice thoir aotual height in tho gre; haze, tho oullino of thoir summits minslintr dirnl; with the low stars. Thoy girdle tho harbour lik s ilont outposts kocping watch against midnight foes and in their sheltering shadow lie» the sleeping city its vigil lights making a pale sheen in the purple sky tho steeple» rising faintly abovo tho dark masses of wal and tower. Now and then a boat drifts across tho bay, »lim masted, with languid sail, palo gold, and drooping ii tho light wind. Into th« dark they pass Uko ghosts but from ono thero is blown up to us a silvery waft o; music, The voices follow tho song with a lightnesi aud precision made doubly light and delicate to our earl by the distance and tho interspace of water whioh softens all inequalities, and Invests the eira ph melody with an added pathos and significance. From the harbour's mouth the bright intermittenl star of the eleotrio light comes and goos, like an ey» sei doop in the brow of the night, now a vivid blazing flash for a moment, now ebbing and flickering away into th« dark ; aud we count the seconds until it tremble» bael to life again and the golden radianoe streams across th« harbour. Every now and then, at rare intervals, the level-blowing wind fans itself into a little fitful puff scarce fluttering tho flag of tho man-of-war, that on the waveloss wator, floats double, motionless »hip and motionless shadow. Her» and thero her spars arc touched with the starlight, and hor rope» show thin and black like cobwebs, a delicate tracery of net work, " fino as a »kein of the casuist Esoolwia." Indeed, tho whole ship look» mystical and legendary in this mystical light, and as the very bark of tho Anciont Mariner looked when she came back from her fateful forlorn voyaro. Hut, to bo »uro, tho strange glamour of tho Southern night ia over all the world. Nothing looks real and palpable, and of this earth, beneath (hil magical soft light of th» " cross " and its sister star.-», all thing* seem of shadow-land, intangible, and darkly beautiful, and suggestive of a thousand things whioh tho heart feels, yot tho tonguo cannot name. Froin those dusky glimmering woodland? you expect presently to hear tho horns of elf-lnnd faintly blowing, and looking down on tho darkling garden below, you are irresistibly reminded of the whole feeling of the " Odo to the Nightingale" " But here there is no light, Savo what from heaven is by the breezes blown Through verdurous paths and winding mossy ways." Surely hore, toe, if anywhere in the world, there ara " Faery casomonts opening on the foam." The beauty of the southern night is like the boauty of a Oleopatra, rich and large. Roeetti must have dreamed of waters like these and a night like this when ho pictured tho " Blessed Damozel : " Her eyes wore «tiller than tho depths Of waters stilled at even ; Sho had three lilies in her hand, And tho stars in her hair were seven." Nowhere in the world, probably, is there so largo a proportion of beautiful nights as in Australia-nowhore on so many evenings in tho year you cnn ' sit out of doora and bathe your heart and soul and imagina- tion, and every sense and fooling you possess, bodilv or mental, in the boauty of tho night-its enchant- ment, and strange- glamour, its infinite suggestive- ness, all- possessing, overpowering marvel (now every night, and os irresistible in its spell ot this moment as when tho stars first swam into tho first mortal's kon) that absorbs your wholo hoing and mnkes the heart eloquent, while the tonguo is dumb, makes tho heart ache with tho pain of overwrought emotion, while the lips aro soa'od. To-night the Austral sky is tremulous with light. The stars hang in rich large clusters, like some tropical fruit, and soft warm light seems veritably to drop from them, whilo the constellations themselves appear to throb and palpitate in the purplo-like gems on the breast of a Southern beauty, or "like jewels in an Ethiop's ear." The throe larger stars of tho " Oros»" bum like liquid dinmon.ls, making doubly dark tho black pool of sky immediately beneath. Tho constellations aro BO thickly sown in the hoavons that the sheen of one seems to overflow and minglo with its neighbour, so that a soft, dim mist of light suffuses large spaces of the sky. The light wind seems to shake the stars like blossoms, and now and then one drops from ita placo, cuts . awift gleaming aro across tho vault, and is lost "Down dark tidos the >;lory slides, And star-like mingles with the stars." I do not say thal no land can show nights like this. Tho nights in Northern Italy, and in Southern Franco, and among the highlands of Switzerland, in summer and autumn, are in most rospects as glorious and magical ; but I must repeat that thore is no land that yields so many nights in tho year like this. What I am so fully describing is not an exceptional Austral midnight. These nights are tho rulo from January to December. Thoy are so much a matter of course that wo havo almost grown insensible to their marvel and beauty, unconscious of thoir upolu Tho climate of Svdnoy is not a perfect ono, any more than the oiimato of any other where. When tho north-easter blows in, damp and clammy, from tho sea, it exhales lassitude and inertia to thou- sands from its moist breath; and wlion tho torrid wost wind swoops in from tho sun- parched interior, it dries the sap in ono's bones and the red blood in tho veins liko a volcano blast But for tho most part the night brings reloase and respite, temperate airs, and a delicate balm for body and spirit I ara not of thuso who overlaud our Sydney climate. Its very exhilara- tion, its excitability-if I may uso tho word for the power of creating excitement of spirit and brain and nerve-ts ox laustivo, a fact whioh many loso sight of. That an intonfloly exhilarating climate may in the long run bo an exhaustive otto is not a paradox but an obvious onough fact But whilo allowing cortuin not inconsiderably drawbaoks in our climate, I stand stoutly by our nights. Thoy aro in number, in beauty, in glamour unrivalled tho world over. The Boft wind rustles tho clump of bamboos, and this and the low ripple of tho wave are tho only sounds abroad on tho night But now, from tho room behind us, there steals tho rich low notes of a oontralto. Some- one is singing Schubort'» " Adieu," a melody in abso- lute accord with tho »ceno and the hour-ita minor note of subduod pathos and infinite tenderness-a sub dominant mood that acema struggling to rise into ono af exaltation and triumph, a lovely harmony at once simple and rioh, flowing full, deep, and clear, no triok or meretricious glitter, ao Biraplo that a child may feel ita spoil at a first hearing, aud a master be not in- different to it at tho hundredth. Tho hidden voico flows on, and the sound streams out upon tho night, and mingles with its dream-like boauty. "Adioul" it is a soft-sounding word, but its import is moro bitter than ile sound is beautiful. And "farewell," said Keats truly enough, sounds literally "liko a passing knell." Most of U3 havo to say it very often in our brief life-spaco, but some moro often than others. Adieu ! bright Austral nights ; kind laces and friendly, voices, that gavo to tho night an addod grace. Adieu! Auf wiedersehn, I hope it moy be. Thcso closing linos ara written bouoath othor constellations, that know not tho companionship of tho "Cross." Tho stars oro shining frostily down upon tito spot whore Drako piaved tho historical gunio of bowls, which you may soo so comnotentlv rondorod by Mr. Seymour Lucas in our ou «imi|«ii.<.-"vV .w«-j Art Gallory. _ IU K. I Rouon OK Conxs.-Ask for .' Well»' Hough on Corns.» Quick roller, complete, permanent ourc. Corns, warts, bunions. At Chemists »nd Druggists1. M. Mons and Co.. Svduey.-LA»YT,i 