A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD. By JAMES PATN, Author of 'Lost Sir Massingberd,' 'By Proxy,' ' The Heir of the Ages,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapiee XYXTT. — Was ii Possible ? Shocking as was the murder of Mr. , Marston to his friend, the captain, it was hardly more terrible or symptomatic of trouble to come than was the professional dictum pronounced by Mr. Doyle as respected the third mate. Delirium tremens is not a disease that is engendered by occasional excess, though even that would make the circumstance of the gravest significance, but by long con tinuous drinking habits ; and these had been proved to exist in one of his own officers — a man in duty bound to set an example of sobriety, and especially to dis cover and expose the drunkenness which had so mysteriously crept into the camp. That the offence was closely connected with the assassination of the first mate there could now be little doubt. Mr. Marston had been very active in his endeavors to find out from whence the liquor came, and who supplied it, which had of late been demoralising the men ; and it was only too probable that in some solitary expedition he had come upon the delinquents in the very act of distillation, and had fallen a victim to their violence. Edith herself, as we know, had been stopped and turned back for a similar reason, and Tarilam had been treated in the like manner. In their case their objecb had not been detection, and therefore their lives had not been sacrificed by those they they had involuntarily disturbed in their wrong doing. Mr. Marston, au officer devoted to his duties and to be deterred by no menaces of personal violence, had perished at their lawless hands. So far the matter was clear, but as to who had been the actual murderers — for it was pro bable unless the first mate had been taken at a disadvantage, which the signs of con flict about the fatal place seemed to evi dence — there were more than one — it was by no means certain. Appearances seemed to point to Mur doch and Budge, but not more strongly than to Mr. Bates himself, who, however, was freed from the consequence of his own confession (or what looked very like it) by the testimony of Mr. Doyle, in whose company he had walked from tha camp when the surgeon was summoned to the scene of the murder. At that time the third mate was sober enough, and had appeared greatly moved at what had hap pened. Indeed, it was Mr. Doyle's im pression that BateB had taken to liquor immediately on his return to camp in order to drown the remembrance of the spectacle he had just beheld. For the present such were the doubts and difficulties that overhung the case, that the murderer of Mr. Marston re mained unpunished, a thing itself of sombre import and evil augury. Mr. Bates, indeed, was deprived of his rank, and solemnly warned that on the next occasion of being found in a state of intoxication he should be soundly flogged ; but even this measure, however just and salutary, had danger in it, since it openly threw into the arms of the disaffected an ally to whom there still clung some relics of authority. If, then, circumstances gave rise to apprehension in a man so solid and ' four square to every wind that blew ' as Cap tain Head, we may imagine how ihey affected the ladieB. It was only too evi dent to them that Faybur had ceased to be that paradise in which, though cut off from home and friends, they had long re signed themselves to pass their lives. To Edith, indeed, the prospect had beeneven welcome, but neither Aunt Sophia or her self had contemplated the possibility of such events as had lately taken place. The place was an Eden still, but not the same Eden to them as it had been before the serpent had made known its presence. The stain of murder seemed to blotch the fairness of Nature herself ; ' the fumes of liquor to mingle with her perfumes of the air ; and the dark clouds of insecurity to gather shape and volume in the azure sky. Only one or two were in all probability connected with the actual crime, but it was only too likely that others were cognisant of it, and it was no wonder that a certain distrust of their own people arose in the two women's minds; This was greatly intensified by the late behavior of the sailors towards the prince; Edith especially could not forget the spectacle of those furious faces at her window, or the cries with which they had demanded his innocent blood, They would have taken the life of the man to whom she owed her own, not only without scruple, but with eager and tumultuous joy. When she contrasted their bloodthiiaty demeanor with the noble calm with which her guest had con fronted it, the question, ' Which was the savage ?' could hardly fail to occur to her, and it could have but one reply. The prince's behavior in the tent had impressed her still more favorably. Some of the proceedings had necessarily been unintelligible to him, but he knew at least that the result of them would be a matter of life or death to him ; this, indeed, had been clear even to his two attendants, who directly he made his appearance had loyally pressed forward to protect his person. ' Commit no violence,' he had said to them in his own language. ' Whatever happens to me, if I am lulled, tell the king, my father, not to avenge my death.' And from that moment he had remained grave and unmoved, like one who, though on the verge of death, has nothing to trouble him, his final depositions having been made. Edith, who had learnt from him sufficient of the Bredan tongue to under stand what he said, asked him the reason of it, since it was hardly to be expected that her efforts in the direction of religious culture could have taught him the sublime lesson of forgiveness of injuries. 'I told my father not to avenge my death,' he said, ' because I felt that if I was condemned to die, it would be done under a mistake.' The explanation, though highly creditable, appealed, con sidering the simplicity of the speaker, a little subtle ; there was, moreover, an ex pression in his face that was new to her ; for it conveyed for the first time the idea of concealment. ' Was that your only reason 1' she en quired. 'No,' was the quiet reply, ' I did not war to occur on my account, since, if it did so, it would set your people's faces against you, because -you had been Tari lam's friend.' ' That was very good and thoughtful of yon,' said Edith, with gentle gravity and a blush, which she strove in vain, to repress. Tarilam raised his eyebrows ; the pre cautions he had taken for her safety had occurred to him bo naturally that he was wholly unconscious of their chivalry. ' When things seemedgoingagainstyou, prince, and the horrid men were shouting that you were guilty,' enquired Aunt Sophia a little afterwards — she was curious afiout the young man's 'views,' and given to sounding him when she got him alone — 'did you feel no fear ?' He smiled and shook his head disdain fully. 'But there would be nothing to be ashamed of if you did,' she persisted ; 'death has its terrors even for Christian folk,' He opened his large eyes in wonder. 'When we die in Breda,' he said, 'there is no more trouble; the dmrac people cannot reach us. The storm may rage upon the water, but it does not wake us ; we sleep in peace.' ' But yon would have been taken away from those who are dear to you— your father, for example.' 'It would not be for long ; my father is old, and would soon rejoin me.' 'AndMajuba?' 'Majuba would grieve,' he admitted gravely. 'And would not Edith grieve also, don't you think %' 'Would It be worth her while 2 Who is Tarilam?' ' It was worth her while to risk her life for him, when the sailor would have shot him,' said Miss Norbury reproachfully. ' Do you suppose I do not remember ?' he answered plaintively. ' I know a boy who had a tame seagull that had broken its wiDg ; it got down to the water, and would have been blown out to sea and died, had he not plunged in after it, though the bay was full of sharks. It was a generous instinct, but it was not worth while.' ' But Edith likes you better than the boy hiB bird.' 'Do you really think so?' His eyea kindled with eager light. ' ' Why, of course. Did you not save her life?' 'Ah, yes,' he sighed. 'It was be cause she remembered that.' The light went out from his face ; his voice took a tone of hopeless despondency, the mean ing of which it was impossible for any woman to mistake. 'My poor prince !' murmured Aunt Sophia to herself sympathetically. Though a matchmaker to the core, she shrank from having any hand in such an affair as this ; she was most particular about the eligibility of a parti, provided that he was ' nice ' in himself, and would oe uKexy to maKe a good nusband. it everything else had promised well, ahe might even have been inclined to forgive a difference of race in a European, but the notion of an inhabitant of Breda, however princely and attractive, how ever chivalrous and unselfish, ventur ing to lift his eyes to Edith was a shock to her. She liked the prince, but it was out of the question that she could give him any assistance as a suitor, even if such help could have availed him, which she felt confident it would not. A girl that had loved Charles Layton would never listen to poor Tarilam. She did not say, even to herself would never stoop to listen, for she was not without appreciation of his noble qualities, but the unllkeness of the two men was too pronounced to admit of her picturing the possibility of the one being substituted for the other. She did not understand that so far as that difference affected the matter at all it weighed with Edith in Tarilam's favor. If there had been anything In him to remind her of her former lover in the faintest degree, she could not have ad mitted him to her intimacy. As it was, it never struck her that in so doing she was giving him a certain encouragement. He could never have found the pathway to her heart which Layton had trodden, every step would have disinterred some dead regret ; but was it not possible that he might reach it by some road of his own? He was like some untutored mathematical genius who attempts a problem in the schools by a method worked out by himself, less direct and less convenient, indeed, than the authorised one, but which, nevertheless, solveB it. The consciousness of having done her best for him In the late fracas no doubt strengthened Edith's interest in the young fellow ; for if we are inclined to hate those we have injured, it is no less true that those we have benefited thereby, establish a claim upon our affections. And yet if it had been suggested to Edith Norbury that she had even begun to entertain a tender pasBion for Prince Tarilam she would have denied the imputation with indignation, though not with the contempt which the idea had aroused in Aunt Sophia. Chapter XXXIIL — Half-mast high. After the social storm which had threatened such damage to the little community of castaways, there ensued a calm In Faybur. The murder of Mr. Marston, though its perpetrators re mained undiscovered, produced a very deep effect, and while it shocked the majority very literally sobered the mal contents. In the latter case, perhaps, the fear of discovery induced good behavior in the most of them, but, at all events, there was no further outbreak, either of drunkenness or insubordination. The continuance of bad weather still prevented the other natives of Breda from visiting the island, but the two that had accompanied the prince had mads themselves so pleasant and so useful as to afford the most lively hopes of con cord between their fellow-countrymen and the ship's company. As to Tarilam himself, the falseness of the accusation against him having once been admitted, public feeling veered round in his favor, and his gentle and genial qualities being thus afforded a fair chance of apprecia tion, he became extremely popular. A few only held aloof from him, the degraded mate and his three myrmidons, Mellor, Budge, and Murdoch. ' If the prince comes to harm through any act of your friends,' the captain had informed Mr. Bates with a vigor of language which modern type would be at a loss to reproduce, ' and I fail for the second time in bringing the murder home to any one of you, as Bure as my name is Henry Head I'll hang you all four' — a warning that had the happiest effect in putting all notion of pistolling the prince out of their minds. As to attacking him without firearms, and in no greater dis proportion of force than four to one, they had not as much entertained the idea of it. Mr. Bates never saw Tarilam without a certan swimming of the head, produced by the recollection of being held at arm's length over the precipice where a far worthier life than his own had found its end ; and the narrative of that experience, told with much personal feeling, if with out dramatic artifice, had had a most wholesome effect upon his three friends. From the sentimental, or Pauland Virginia point of view, the attractions of such an island as Faybur were manifest. It was quite the place for two young lovers to dwell in, ' the world forgetting, by the world forgot,' till they both died together on the same day in one another's arms ; but it did not afford scope enough for the energies of upwards of a hundred British sailors. There was not enough work for them to do, and too little room for play. They took but limited interest in literature, chiefly from the fact that only a very few of them could read. Under Edith's auspices Tarilam indeed had become a better scholar than alnioBt any of them except the officers. No one wrote but the captain, who kept a journal which he called a log, and which was wooden enough to merit its title. Conversation languished in the tents for want of a topic. Under these circumstances it was only natural that since a murdered man, whose assassin had never been discovered, waa buried in the place, that his ghost should occasionally be seen. Ghosts are not seen in large towns, but in country places, where monotony and some poor substi tute for imagination beget them. With the trifling exception of the Phantom Ship, which has something professional about it to excuse its appearance, ghosts are only Been at sea under the most ap propriate circumstances, i e., in a dead calm. Captain Head felt it to be a bad sign that poor Mr. Marston did not rest in the grave which had been dug for him In the moBt beautiful spot in the whole Island, but must needs walk all over it, and meet the very last men in the ship's com pany whom he would have chosen to con sort with during Life. Mellor and Budge had both seen him, and had had fits in consequence. It was whispered that Murdoch was in the constant habit of seeing him, though he was vety reticent upon the matter him self ; that Mr, Bates remained in his tent, as obstinately as Achilles, after nightfall for fear of being addressed by Mb quondam brother officer, albeit when in Idle flesh they had not been on speaking terms. If the vision had been confined to these scoundrels they might have been welcome to it; but others had seen it, or thought they had seen it, and the whole morale of the camp waa getting endangered by the superstition. The captain, who suspected trickery, rather encouraged testimony in order that he might get to the root of the matter. One evening William Dean asked for a few words in private with him. The gunner was known to be a good fellow, though he had been carried away by the late whirlwind of indignation aroused by Bates against the prince, and was by no means a liar — indeed he had not the imagination for it. ' Cap'n,' he said very gravely and respectfully, ' I've Been somethink just now.' x iV Very good ' 1 am §lad you came to tell me at once,' was the sardonic reply ; ' one likes to have the very latest infor« mation from the spirit world.' 'But I am not sure that he was a spirit.' 'Oh, this is a new phase. Mr. Marston has come to life again, has he ?' 'It was not Mr. Marston, cap'n. It was the Malay.' ' What do you mean ? The man that came over with the Bredan folk V ' Yes, sir.' 'Bat they can't come over in this weather 2' ' Nevertheless, not half an hoar ago, I saw him as sure as my name is William Dean.' 'Where?' ' Not 50 yards away from the look-out. He seemed to be coming away from it, though that could hardly be, as the man on duty saw nothing of him.' ' Who is the man on duty?' 'Matthew Murdoch.' ' The captain's face became very grave. ' Now, just say how it happened.' ' Well, I thought I would climb up the cliff to have a pipe and see how the wind lay ; it was falling a bit, and the sea going down all round, they told me. When I was within 20 feet of the top or so, there stood a man by himself, who was looking right down into the camp. He kept himself behind a bush, but I saw him before he saw me, and he was not a white man.' ' Why should he not have been one of the prince's men ?' ' Because I had left them both below. Moreover, he had only a waistcloth, such as the Malay wore. The sight of him upset me, and I stumbled ; the noise made him glance towards me, and our eyes met, and the Malay it was, sure enough. He wa3 off like a bird, and into the bush in a moment.' ' Did you run after him ?' ' No ; I knew it was no good. I went on to the flagstaff; Murdoch had his back to me, but heard me coming. ' They are quiet enough down there, I suppose,' he said.' ' What did'he mean by that ?' ' Well, I guess he thought I was some body else.' The captain took in all the possibilities at a glance. A spy on the island, and Murdoch in traitorous communication with htm — ambush and massacre. 'And when he found out it waB you ?' ' He started a bit ; then, says I, ' I have Been the Malay.' ' What Malay ?' he asks as quiet as could be, and swore nobody had been near him since he had come on the watch.' ' And what do you think about it, Wil liam Dean ?' ' As far as the Malay Is concerned, sir, I don't think about it ; I am sure of it. As to the other, 1 don't wish to get any man into trouble, though Mur.loch's no mate of mine.' 'Quite right. You can keep a still tongue in your head, I know. Now, say not a word to anybody, but send the first mate here at once.' Mr. Hedmayne was now first mate in Mr- Marston's room, the vacancy caused by Bates's degradation having been filled up by Arthur White, the midshipman. He was but a young hand for such a place, and indeed there was no one now save Mr. Bedmayne and the surgeon on whose authority and judgment the captain could rely. Within 10 minutes Mr. Bedmayne had started with eight men armed to the teeth, to make the circuit of the island to search for canoes. If the Malay was really in Faybur, he mnst have come by boat, hi spite of the heavy weather. Such light vessels as were used in Breda could of course be carried up from the shore and hidden in the bush, but hardly, unless carried by many hands, without leaving some sign of their passage on the sand. To search the island itself before daylight was useless. A little before midnight the party re turned without result. No canoe had been discovered, but at the north end of the island opposite Breda there were in dentations in the sand which some thought had been caused by the hauling up of a canoe, and others not. They were very indistinct, and the question was whether they had been rendered so by design, or whether the marks were solely accidental. The next day the whole Island wa3 thoroughly investigated byscoutingparties, who came upon the distilling apparatus which had been the cause of so much evil, and destroyed it, in view of which achieve ment the expedition could hardly be said to have been labor in vain ; but no trace of any alien visitor was discovered. Upon the whole the captain was inclined to think that William Dean's Malay was made of the same material as furnished for others Mr. Marston's ghost ; but like a wise man whose motto is ' No risk' he caused the night rounds to be more frequent, practised beating to quarters to such perfection that every man was at his poBt in a few seconds, and enacted that two men instead of one should always keep watch at the look-out. A few days after these arrangements had been made Mr. Bedmayne and Mr. White had the good luck to come upon what would at a seaside place at home have made the fortune of the locality — a bay of shells, or rather a bay of sand, beneath which lay such a treasure of shells as only a child's imagination could have pictured. . They were of all sizes, some of them reaching to such propor tions that a single one would in our English gardens have sufficed for a grotto, and of the most splendid colors. In hue, Indeed, they resembled nothing so much as those gorgeous sea anemones which line, as with precious stones, the Gouliot caves in Sark, or those coo brilliant mushrooms which a benevolent society has painted for us In colors and labelled 'edible,' without finding a human being with the couarge to touch them. The two discoverers, though by no means given to ' gush' over the wonders of nature, were carried by the spectacle into unaccustomed regions of speculation. 'How strange it seems,' observed the newly-promoted middy, 'that things so marvellously beautiful, and so fitted to delight the eye, should be covered with sand.' 'Depend upon it, everything is or dained for the best,' returned Mr. Bed mayne gravely. ' Think what a pleasure it will be to Miss Edith to discover them for herself? At the same time I wbh— while Nature was about it — that the bay had been placed a little nearer to the camp.' It was, in fact, almost at the northern extremity of the island, at the very place where Edith had met with such rough treatment from the distillers, where the cliffs were the most sheer and the vegeta tion moBt luxuriant. It was nothing of a walk, however, to one like herself, in the higheBt state of vigor, to which, thanks to the exhilerating climate and her whole some mode of life, one of her sex could attain, and the attractions of the place, as Mr. Redmayne had foreseen, were overpowering to her. He hwnnelf Iiad piloted her to the spot, where her pleasure at the spectacle gave Mm ten times the enjoyment he had ^experienced when be holdisg it for the first time, bat she was never weary of visiting it, no matter who were her companions. When it was pas sible, however, Mr. Redmayne always made one of her escort, a privilege to which, under the circumstances, he thought he had a reasonable claim. The expedition waa rather beyond Aunt Sophia's pedestrian powers, and she con tented herself wita gloating over the shelly treasures her niece brought home with her in such profusion that tueir little home soon resembled bomb hattnt of the mermaids. One morning Edith started for ' Shell Bay,' as it was called, as usual accom panied by tlie prince and the first mate. On their last visit a strange bird of un common size had been seen hovering over She spot, and Mr. Redinayne had there fore provided himself with a rifle, peace having so long reigned at Faybur that the edict against the waste of gunpowder was in some degree relaxed. At the moment of their departure, however, his presence ?was required in connection with the Rtoreage of some dried provisions, wliQe hardly had he hurried off when a message from the captain requiring the personal services of the prince in respect to the yam plantation; which had been established under his auspices, took away Edith's remaining escort. As both her com panions promised to rejoin her, however, directly the public service had been attended to, she saw no reason for postponing the pleasure she had promised herself. They could travel, of course, much, faster tf-?v she could, and would probably overtake her before she reached the bay. The road took her by the look-out, where, as it happened, Murdoch and Mellor were on duty. They saluted her respectf ally, but she returned the civility with cold neBs and very hurriedly ; she distrusted both the men, and had a firm conviction that the guilt of Mr. Marston's murder lay at Murdoch's door. The sight of him was hateful to her, and dashed her spirits, though It was so far satisfactory to know that his duties for the day would prevent him from coming across her on her pro posed expedition. Hardly had she passed them when one of them cried out to the other ; she looked back and saw the flag descending the staff— a piece of careless ness in him who had charge of it which might well have aroused the reproof of his companion. Nevertheless, she noticed on surmountingthenext hill — whereshe stood still a moment to rest herself— that the flag still remained half-mast high, as though the halyards had got twisted. (To be continued.) 