RUTH'S RUNNING AWAY. Rknsu.kss ! said Hutu lingers. on, never thought tn come to this.' I t was a dull grey winter's day, with a raw dullness in theuir which threatened, and now and then a black gust sweeping from the Thames like some angry demon bearing stnrm-threateiiings on its wings. And Ruth stood in one of the bays of London-bridge, pallid and shivering, with her grey shawl wrapped round her slim shoulders, ami the scarlet bird's wing in her hat shining in the semi- gloom. _ # t It was one thing to run away u spirit of girlish adventure from the old Surrey farm been use her aunt bad no sympathy with youthful aspirations, and wanted her to sew and work button-holes for the country clothiers shop ; it was quite another to find herself alone and friendless in a great city. She had lieen walking until every bone was sore : her hist penny was spent for a cup of muddy rnllre at a street stall -collim which Imd tint even the merit of being hot ; and now she did not know what to do ! She envied the bootblacks who whistled at their trade, the very messenger lads who ran to and fro. She would like to have been the chestnut man, warming Ids purple lingers at the miniature '-'Etna' of hot coals that roasted his stock in trade. Shu had believed this little Ruth, that life in Lmdim was full of romance and adventure ; and how hitter she had been disappointed! How thankful would she be to go lmck to the Surrey village now, and the buttonholes, if only she had money to take her then? ! 'Here, young woman! hold this basket for mc? n minute. Involuntarily Ruth obeyed the lushest. A stout little lady in a black cloth cloak stood opposite her, overburdened with baskets, bundles, and parcels, fumbling in her pocket for her purse. Oh, here it is!' said the little woman. T almost thought I had Inst it— or had my pocket picked !' 4 Please, ma'atn,' said Ruth in a laboring voice, 4 might— might 1 carry it across the bridge to the station for you 1" The little woman turned a pair of black beady eyes quickly upon her interlocutor. 4 No !' said she, in a voice that sounded like a snarl. 4 You're an impostor ! You needn't think I'm to he imposed upon because X came from the country !' And she? snatched her basket trnm Ruth, ami went her way. .Shivering and discouraged the girl shrunk hack. At thnt moment, she saw a benevolent- looking old gentleman talking to the chestnut man, while a weird-faced little street unib was deftly engaged in spiriting his white silk pocket-handkerchief from his coat pocket. 4 stop thief !' sin? cried, springing forward. 4 Stop thief !' Hut in her Imste she? had not perceived a waggon owning quickly along. There was a cry of alarm on all sides — she was jerked vehemently back by a policeman, hut not until her shoulder had been violently struck hv one of the wheels. ' Are you tired of living, my girl V sharply questioned the policeman, 4 because if you ain't, I'd recommend you to keep out from under trucks for the future. Here, stand up ! You ain't much hurt, are you 1' And while Ruth was trying to stammer out that she was not much hurt, everything turned black around Iter, and she fainted away. Number Fourteen, in tlm Accident Ward !' said tlio resident surgeon of .St. Thomas's, glancing at his note-book. 4 Oh, she can go out any day now l' Ruth looked wistfully up. 4 If T only knew where to go said she. 1 Why, to your friends, of course,' said the surgeon. Ruth's head dropped. She could not tell him that old Aunt Rogers was the only relative she had, and that to her she abso lutely dared nut return. ' For I was so ungrateful and obstinate, Ruth had told herself. 'Oh, I never, never can look Aunt Rogers in tho face again !' The trained nurse who was bandaging a broken ankle in the next bed looked up at this moment. She, in her time, had been friendless and alone. Perhaps she under- stocd Ruth better than tho doctor did. 4 If Miss Harrison would like a place,' said she, 4 1 know a nice old lady in the country who wants a lively cheerful com panion and helper' about the house. The wages may not be groat nt first, but it would bo a comfortable home.' Oh,' cried Ruth, 4 I should be so much obliged for your recommendation !' For, by a curious admixture of ovontSj llutb and the poor victim of a firo had been brought into the Accident Ward at about tho same time, and the names of the patients " somehow got transposed. The ' R-.R' of the Accident Ward, had beervh ton days, the 4 A. Harrison' was no ' . j up and trying to occupy herself witifsmo necessary needlework. At the time, Ruth had been too ill to sot tlio error straight. Afterwards she had been too listless to think that anything mattered very much. 4 1 fool like a ghost!' she said to herself, 'why not be a ghost?' 4 Tlio old lady is n friend of mine,' said Miss Corbitt, tho trained nurse, in the soft, well-modulated voice that had mingled so sweetly with Ruth's dreams while she was yet delirious. ' She is in great trouble ! Sho lias lost a dear friend !' Ruth looked up, her eyes softening. 4 Has . she?' she murmured. 'Then lam sure I shall like her. How soon can I go to her?' ' My brother is going to drive out there to-morrow afternoon,' said Miss Corbitt. ' Perhaps we ram get you ready to go with him?' 4 Is it in the country ?' asked Ruth. ' Yes,' 'tutu glad of that,' said tho girl. 4 "Why ? Do you prefer the country V I should bo thankful never to seethe bricks unci morter oi a city again w tung I live?' said Ruth, fervently. (I havo learned a lesson ; yes, a lesson.' And in the yellow afternoon sunshine of the next day, Miss Corbitt saw 'Number Fourteen' packed carefully into a lumboring carriage beside the spectacled middle-aged brother, who evidently regarded tlio young lady exactly as he would havo regarded it sewing-machine or a barrel of apples, or any other package consigned to his care for safe delivery at a certain place. It was an early April day, all blue sky overhead, all sweet suggestions of tho coming spring below. Once beyond tho wretched trail of the city suburbs, sweet spring looked tliein in the face. I fere and there the willows along the watercourses hud hung out their banners of gold- green mist— tho black thorn blossoms showed white on tho hedgerows, and tho shrill whistle of the blackbird pierced the air. Ruth clasped her hands eagerly. 4 It is like coining home again!' she cried. ' How fnr are we going, Mr. Corbitt?' 4 A piece lip the road,' said her charioteer, composedly. ' Out Reigatc way.' Ruth leaned back in the carriage. Tt was content enough for her to breathe in tho balmy air, to feel that Heaven's blesRscd sunshine was folding her around as with a mantle of healing. 4 It is as if T had died and come to life again !' she kept thinking to herself. .She closed her eyes peacefully and let her head rest against tlm lining of tho carriage. She did not think she had fallen asleep for more than an hour, yet it must lmvo been so, for when she once more looked up a familiar landscape met her eyes— tho old brown house with the ivy clustering round its caves, and the privet, half hidden by holly bushes. And at the door stood— Aunt Rogers herself, in tlio same brown alpaca gown and fluttering cup borders, clear starched in double ruffles, that she always wore. 4 Oli, where am I ?' cried Ruth. 'Is tins a dream?' ' Bless and save us !' exclaimed the old huly. 4 "Why, it's our Ruth come back again!' In a second thu two wore clasped in each others' arms, while honest Mr. Corbitt sat looking on in sheer amazement. « You — you seem to have met before,' was all that In? could say. 4 My own little girl ! ' folterod tho old woman, with tenr-bedimmed eyes, 4 no words can tell how I have missed you I And if you'll be content to stay here and live with mo again, I won't be so bard with you, I promise von that.' 4 Dear, (Ear Aunt Rogers, if only you can forgive ine,' sobbed Ruth. Miss Corbitt smiled when she heard how strangely fate had united the destinies of these two. To her it was only one more of the inscrutable pages of experience. 4 It is often so,' said she. Wo think wo are going our own way when it is God's way after all, that he is leading us. Well, I am glad that little pale girl has found a homo after nil. I should havo guessed the riddle long ago if I had known that her name was not 'Annie Harrison." Tin: diU'cronco between a matrimonial tie ami a necktie is that the latter will wear out and the former won't. 4 Bkshik, lempur is nn awful thing. You ought to get rid of it.' 4 Why, mamma, only yesterday you told me to keep it.' 4 At all events,' said a young doctor, as lie heard of another one of his patient's deaths, ' I ran take life easy, if I am poor.' Wn don't wish to deter anybody from l»eing polite, but wo can't help observing that many amun has been a heavy loser through a civil action. A Buhmnvston girl says there's no truth in the saying, ' Like father, like son.' Sho says she likes the son lirst rate, but she can't bear tho father. Oi.n party : ' If t Imd 50 cents and gavo it to you to get changed in order to give you a penny, what would bo left?' Street Arab : 4 An old man ?' A Boston woman, by way of experiment, recently tied a pedometer to her chin, and discovered tlmt sho tulked thirty- threo miles between breakfast and lunch. Tub leading Philadelphia soap man says: ' I have confined my advertising entirely to newspapers. The man who docs not rend newspapers does not use soap.' Lirru: Dick : ' What does surplus mean, mamma ?' Mamma: 4 Surplus means over — too many.' 'Then does surpiiced choirs menu choirs that arc not needed ?' 4 Some times, dear.' beginning 'to- thmk'tbe Uovern- -- vcrilouo it. BR on Saturday wero largely attended. R. gal party wa9 large anil included (though r nor wn-t not. out) two live poors— tho ff.1 1 rich INrt of Dudley nud tho rather n.- ia Marquis of Huntley. Tho__apnrb fc4\ Jon ann Strauss uses a piano so made that it ciumot be beard beyond the room in which it is played. The man who introduces a cornet for amateurs, built upon the same principle, will be hailed as a public boncfu'.£A!) 