AMUSEMENTS. HEP. MAJESTY'S THEATRE. Her Majesty's Theatre, the fouaaation-stone of which was laid as Jong ago as January 27, 1885, is at last completed# It is trae that the vestibules, passages, and staircases are ob structed by scaffolding, and that everywhere below indescribable litter and confusion is apparent. Rut to the structure and decoration of tbe auditorium there is now nothing to add, and as the stranger lifts bis eyes above the graceful gilded tiers to tbe blue and spangled dome that rises 130 feet above his head he feels that an architectural effect of undeniable mag nificence has been achieved. Messrs. Morroil and Kemp, tbe architects, have been fortnnate in having had ample room for a noble design. The effect we describe is hardly possible apart from a certain vastnes3 of proportion ; and the new theatre would be considered large in any part of tbe world. Tbe dome is sky blue, very brilliantly illuminated, both by electric light and a handsome gas chandelier, whose pendant lustres gleam aud sparkle with prismatic color. Tho fronts of tbe three galleries are of primrose-colored fibrous, plaster decorated with wreaths of gilded flowers in bas-relief, and tbe upholstering is done in crimson plush. Actoallv the now theatre will seat 1080 persons, but It Is stated that from 2600 to 8l»00 cau find accom modation of one kind or another within sibt of tho stage. Turning U> those matters which more especially affect the comfort of the play goer, reference may be made to the promenade behlud the dress1 circle and family circle. The broad alley which runs round these galleries in each case widens out in the centre ot the horse shoe exactly facing the stage, r:o as to give the use and appearaiftie of n chamber some 40ft, by Suit. We use tbe word "chamber" advisedly, because, owing to the Tynecastie tapestry which adorns the walls, the softness of the carpet underfoot and tbe prevailing comfort, this great recess has n particularly habitable air. Here playgoers will Ipunge between the acts aud talk over the merits of the piece with their friends. The chairs in the stalls, newly imported from America, possess some, novel features. The lacks tilt back a little with the weight of the persons leaning against ibera, and the action is so easy that the occupants will instinctively improve upon it by stretching out their legs— when their feet will find their way naturally Into foot holes remarkably suggestive of inioiatare stocks. The theatre is ventilated by an apparatus calculated to introduce 30,u00 cubic feet of fresh air per hour into the auditorium, and there are water sprays galore for cooiiug tue air. In this reaped, however, the" proot or the pudding is iu tbe euting," aud after the miserable fai.ure of tho sprays, pumping- machinoa, de., at the Criterion Theatre to cool the dress circle playgoers will be better ple.u-'-'d to judge of tho effect produced than to read of the ingenious means by which science, so fur at least, has only succeeded in showing them " how not to do it." A short account may uotv be given of the dimensions and architectural features of the building as a whole. The theatre and hotel stand upon a piece of land having a frontage of 102r't. to Pitt'Street by a depth of 107ft., the width increasiug at tbe rear to 125ft. The late Mr. Wui, il'Quado was the original owner of the land, and iu virtue of some arrangement made on this account, hD son, Mr. H. M'Quade, has a very spaci ous box on tho dress circle tier, with re tiring-room Attached, in perpetuity. Although the theatre has a froutage of 29it. to Market htrcot, tbe only public entrance will be in Pitt- street and the lane adjoining. Tbe vestibule in Pitt-street, about 41ft. square, laid with Mia- ton's tile, with painted ceiling aud gold-capped columns, will serve U9 a pleasant refuge from wind and rain to ladies waiting for their carriages, who, in buildings less amply pro vided, arc liable to get elbowed oa to the pavement by the ou. -going crowd. From this vestibule flights of steps lend to tbe stalls, circles and gal.ery, though visitors to the lutter will more generally use the entrance in the lane. These staircases are separate, direct from each story, and built on concrete arches be tween solid wails. The architects state that there is provided in tbe stairs, passages and vestibule standing room equal to 64 square feet for each person in the house, and that, of 40 of the best theatres in the world, only three had better means of iugress and egress. Tbe Ftage is 84ft. wide, and 60ft. deep, measures lODt't. from tbe basement to tbe roof, and has all the latest mechanical appliances for -scene- shifting. Eighteen dressing-rooms have been furnished with every convenience for the artists. All the doors connecting tbe stage with tbe auditorium are of Iron, aud an asbestos fireproof curtain will further isolate it should sach a step become necessary. Tbe theatre, which is the finest in the colony, has cost between £70,000 and £80,000, the expense being borne by a limited company comprising 20 shareholders, Her Majesty's Theatre, of which Messrs. Rignold and Allison are the lessees, will be opened to-tugbt by bis Excellency tbe Governor, when a distinguished audience will witness the ceremony. Mr. George Rignold will make his re-appearance as Henry V.," and an immense rush for seats is already taking place. Visitors arc reminded that the curtain rises At 7.80 p.m.. and that, to avoid confusion, it will be well to take their places in good times. Under tho auspices of the Sydney City Mission, Chippendale district, a successful con- cert was given in the Mission-hall, Queen-street, on Wednesday evening, 7th inst., Mr. W. A Hutchinson presiding. The hall was densely crowded. The chairman expressed his gratifica tion upon seeing the good work being done by the society amongst the masses of the people, aud hoped ere long the mission would have similnr balls in other thickly-housed portions of the city. A variety programme of an excellent character was provided, every item of which tbe audience heartily appreciated. On Wednesday evening last the inhabitants of Five Dock were enlivened by the Ivanhoe Amateur Minstrels, who gave one ot their amusing drawing-room entertainments, the corner men keeping tbe audience affre while the choruses were kept well together. There was a good attendance and the funds of the church will be thereby benefited. The town- hall has been recently made attractive by addi tion of a stage and very appropriate decorations which hitherto had been a great want. A concert took place in the Kogarah School ot Arts on Wednesday evening last in aid of tbe Hand of Friendship Lodge of G.U.O.O.F, Mr. J. H. Carrutbers, M.P., opened the concert and a large and varied programme was submitted, as follows Miss F. Watt, overture: duet, « Very improper, indeed," Mr. H. W. Watt and Miss J. Keyei ; " Call Me Back." Miss Adams s dramatic scene, "The Uncle," Mr. G. Lindon: duet, "The Two Cousins," Miss F. Watt and Mrs. Smith; recitation, Mr. Holt; flute solo; Mr. G. Lindon ; " Tbe Happy Policeman," Miss Adams and Mrs. Hannah ; recitation, Mr. G. Brown ; duet, u Money Matters," Mr. H. Wait and Miss F. Watt ; "The Blue Alsatian Moun tains," Mr. E. Thornton; "The Mldshipmite," Mr. C. Watt. Mies F. Watt, Mr. Tidd and Mies Taunton played the several accompani ments. A quadrille party was then formed, aud dancing was kept up to music supplied bv Mies F. Watt and Mrs. Tidd. At the' Theatre Royal "Human Nature" will be repeated to-night with all the scenic effect aud bustle whichbave made the piece so popular since the opening night. Miss Amy Sherwin's concert company were warmly received by a large audience at the Opera House last night. The singer was in fine voice, gaining three recalls for " Qui La Voce," and a great encore for "Lo I Here the Gentle Lark," aud again for " Cherry Ripe." . Her Rhodes played Wieniawski's "Mazurka" with rare spirit, and later gave " The Last Ross of Summer," variations on "Yankee Doodle" and Bozzini's ' Dance of the Fairies." Two encores resulted, Sarasate'a " Bolero " and variations on "St. Patrick's Day,", both of which were re ceived with enthusiasm. Messrs. Bldsdale, Walshe and Lencioui and Miss Acton Blair gave grateful assistance. To-night, tbe chief feature of interest will be Miss Sherwin'a repetition of " Lo I Here the Gentle Lark " iwith flute obligato. by Siguor Pagnotti). The artiste's rendering of this music is marvellous, and the number will always prove a great "draw," "Scenes that are Brightest " and other soogs will be given for the first time, and Herr Rhodes will play a fantasia on "Faust" and several new uuiuueio, r At the Criterion Theatre Mis. Essie Jenrne is still drawinR crowded houses and "Borneo and Juliet" will be repeated to-night and during tho week. "The Pirates of the Savannah" will be staged at the Royal Standard Theatre, when Mr. Dampler will appear us Fabricio, the Tiger-slayer, and Miss Lily Dumpier as Leonora, supported bv a strong company. On Wednesday and Thursday neat " East Lynno" wid be revived, and on Friday the Uampier scaeon will close with ' Hamlet." The Gaiety Theatre is now being enlarged and re- decorated, pending the removal thither of Mr. Dampier's compauv. Tho Academy of M uric, which has been closed for some time for alterations and repair will open to-night, under Mr. Eiscock's lesseeship. with Proicssor Pepper's " Ghost" and biher startling illusions. Messrs. Davuon and Wilks are the new sub-lessees. - . . The Protestant-hall will be open as usual to night, when Cottiers' Minstrels will hold the stone with song and dance. Tho Columbia Elite Skating Rink will'be open this afternoon and evening at the Exhibi tion Building, aud it is notified that the last fancy-dress carnival will take place next Thurs day evening. Captaiu Jennings will meet Professor Man- ning with the foils at the Society Skating Blnk. Double Buy, to-night, when the chaa&ronshlti; of .Vow South Wales will be Conte.lid fSr a I purse and gold medal. The rink will beotxa | us usual daring the day, , 1 The Manly Aquarium will be open this after.' | noon and evening, and, shonid the weather be fine, many will doubtless make the harbor trip which ioi ins the pleasant prelude to thesiahu oi the show. On Monday night Mr. Robert Kennedy will open for a short season at the ProtsstMUall. Mr. Kennedy will be remembered u the »rv pleasant teuor ringer who added so much to the strength of the combination of which his 1«U father was the head. He will be strongly sup- I ported on Monday, and, under the warm patronage of the Highland Society, Thistle | Club and Scottish Rifles, cao scarcely fall to ; fill the hall for many successive evenings. The annual excursion of St. Patrick's Catholic Young Men's Clab will take place at Chowder Baj on Tuesday. 