? The following story wa* told by Mr. Butler, of London,"to lady Blomfield. Mr. Butler, when a boy »t Harrow,, contracted a most intimate friendship with ano'ther lad. They worked, they walked, they played together, and in order to still more solemnly emphasise their friendship, they one day cut a hole in «ach other's unu, and' signed a paper in each other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the sbrvivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each other. Their lives lay far apart The friend went to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English Bar. An eager correspondence was maintained at first blit^as years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will. One wintry day, Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and over-worked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and, cold as it was, determined to run down to that comfortable little inn, The Wlieatsheaf (by Virginia Water.) Thai evening he was sitting in the parlour, the better to enjoy -his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man locking in at the window. He did not kne»- the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him.- He got nj) - presently, under pretence of relighting his pipe, and passed before the window to examine the i "ace- more closely. It reminded him of something, he knew not what—of someone. Yes, it suddenly flashed-across his mind, that-was the -face, not of the. boy he had known so Well, but of a'man buch as that bov might have grown into, such -as he probably would be now j(though Mr. Butler had not seen him for years). Disturbed by this suddeu re-awakening of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landlord. "" There's a mail looking in at the window,'" said-he. "Impossible, sir," -was-the "reply"~ That window only looks into '{he court, and. the iteof that was- shut an hour -ago." The _ ce had disappeared! Mr. Butler nnsataBfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest—a strange haunting sense x>f uneasiness took Once more he rose to his possession of him Once more he rose t< feet "It is etifling here," he said, must go out I cannot breathe!" ".You had better not sir," said the landlord, as he opened the door; there's-a keen cast wind blowing, and youH catch your death -of cold. Now, the Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night—and as he gazed the darkness seemed to jp-ow and .gather itself together, deepening into a sort «f focus, which appeared to him like the moutli of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within -by lamps, and as the train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. Oue had the otiier by the throat, and was forcing him backward towards the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when suddenly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butlers feet Then bending over the man Mr. Butler looked into] his face, and behold ! it was tiie same face he had seen gazing in at the window, aad which had effected him so strangely only a few moments before < And again, even as helooked, the face had melted into air, the lighted train, the itnnnel, the body of the victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone'there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry night With a cry of horror, he staggered back into the house, and in answer to'tEe lanlord's anxious inquiries said: I am ill—evidently in a high state fever—deUrious. It won't do for me to laid up here. "I must go back to town as fast as I can." And late as it was, lie went off to the station, and bade by last "train to London. The next morning Mr. Butler awo"ke, some what refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpeasant associations connected therewith. -He found awaiting him some interesting work, "into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night •were 'forgotten. Two days later, however, tlicy Were recalled to liis recollection when, walking in Piccadilly, he saw, on the other side of the way, a j gentleman wliomfee tiad known ^slightly informer days as being the brother of his schoolboy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to him at once. "What news of Arthur ?' he inquired. "Bad news," "said the other-, gravely. '" Dead?" said Mr. Butler, jfl melancholy shake of the -head Was the only reply. " Killed ? Thrown out of a -railway train"?" continued -he, 'excitedly. " Too true," returned the'brother, -regarding him with undisguised astonishment. '"-But.-liow on earth did you know ? We olily received 44,n4nlnimm fpnm Tlt^in tills llinniitlff .!" the telegram from India this morning •!" 