Late News. "The body of one of the soldiers drowned last Saturday at Botany was recovered on Friday afternoon. In the Divorce Court on Friday the respondent, F. J. Mitchell, late of West Maitland, now in Darlinghurst for debt, made application for his discharge. The Chief Justice said he could not alter the terms of decree, and dismissed the ap plication. He said he could order the discharge of the prisoner upon consent of all parties. A man named Daniel Gordon was sent to gaol for three months on Friday for promoting sweeps and decamping with the money at the late Randwick races. Another batch of bakers were heavily fined at Sydney on Friday for light weight bread. Mr. W. P. Woolcott, a well-known ■citizen, and a prominent house and land agent, in Sydney, dropped dead in the -street on his way to his office on Friday morning. The cause of death is supposed to have been apoplexy. Joseph Bell, of Brighton, Va., died last week from the effects of injuries re sulting from his falling into the tire, when in an epileptic fit. Deceased was lately left £158,000 by his brother. The Hon. Jas. White has struck all his representatives out of the entries for the Maribyrnong plate. Mr. Dibbs, in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, gave notice of his intention to move on October 11 for the repeal of that portion of the Centennial Celebration Act which relates to the erection of a State House ; also the appropriation of the £150,000 from the sale of land in the ! •Centennial Park to the erection of new Parliament Houses in Macquarie-street, instead of the State House as originally I proposed. The Attorney-General laid his opinion ; -on the Bulli explosion on the table of the Assembly on Thursday. Mr. Wise thinks there was contributory negligence on the part of the men and of the management, and that the immediate author of the casualty was the man who fired the shot, ; and who was killed. He alone was cri minally liable. Nevertheless the com pany was not by this opinion relieved from its civil liability, if any, to individuals I who might take action. < The Speaker of the Victorian Assembly, the Hon. Peter*Lalor, has resigned the post. The Tasmanian taxation proposals have been lost in the Legislative Council. A meeting.at Grafton of churchmen, resolved to celebrate the centenary of the colony by setting apart a day of thanks giving and by establishing a centennial fund for the payment of debt on Church of England buildings in the diocese of Grafton and Armidale. The Victorian Government has been solicited to find work for the unemployed, who it is said number some hundreds. Mr. George Hill has been appointed referee in the Beach-Hanlan race. On Wednesday evening a special train from Tenterfield, consisting of three car riages and three breakvans, passed through Singleton with a detachment of 40 men and horses of the Light Horse from Graf ton, who were on their way to Sydney to take part in the sports en Saturday. Mary Bowen, widow of Constable Bowen, the victim of the Wantabadgery bushranging case, in which the notorious Captain Moonlight figured, has received a sentence of six months for vagrancy at Grafton. A manager of a bank at Toowoomba *(Q.) has been horsewhipped. Walter Cressy has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Tamworth Gaol for indecently assaulting his daugh ter. The trial throughout was a painful -scene. A supposed ghost, which has been seen at Oxley, near Hay, threw stones at some rabbitters, although there are no stones within 100 miles of the place. A ewe at Hay gave birth to a lamb on -June 29, which did well, and on Septem ber 29 the same ewe gave birth to two mere lambs. They are all alive. Mrs. John Eales, the wife of the Hon. John Eales, M.L.C., of Duckenfied, died in Maitland on Friday night, under some what sad circumstances. It seems that Mr. Eales and his esteemed wife visited -the Northern Jockey Club races on Thurs day, and later in the evening, Mrs. Eales attended the benedicts' ball in Maitland. While there, in apparently the best of 'health, she was seized with an attack of paralysis, from which she never recovered, and passed away quietly on the night in .question at a late hour, without regaining ■consciousness. A youth named William Thurle, a rab biter, died in a remarkable manner at Hay the other day. After removing shot from his gun, he put the barrel in the fire to burn out the powder. Afterwards he placed his mouth to the top of the barrel to see if it was clean when the powder ex ploded. Thurle laid dowo and vomited, and then he rose, and walked about 25 yards, when he fell and died. Deceased was 17 years of age. Mr. John Carter, Registrar of Titles of Victoria, died suddenly in England on Wednesday. Lord Loftus was the first British Am bassador who ha8 ever figured iu a bank ruptcy court. It is supposed that the noble lord crippled himself by the style which he was compelled to keep up dur ing his embassy at St. Petersburg. We (Echo) hear that Mr. E. L. Browne, of Campbelltowu, has hatched 47 chickens out of 47 eggs in one of Lassetter and Co.'s incubators. An attempt was made to wreck the special train in which the Governor of Victoria and party were conveyed to Charlton on the occasion of the recent Agricultural show. The perpetrators liave not yet been discovered. How to Preserve Our Lives.—Eat in moderation. Let y<»ur food be substan tial, well-cooked, and your table free from highly-spiced dishes and exciting condi ments. Keop regular hours and habits, take generous exercise, seek the air where it is purest, avoid unnecessary exposure, j wor7 without excess, and interlard all with draughts of Wolfe's Schnapps. Be j sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. 