CHE '4OLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. 'I dreamt a dream that we, not all a dream.' IDi W (CLAi.i IZUELL. CHAPTER XXIX -TuiE TaBUTR. The island stood plain in the poweiful lens of the glaes. The tremble of the surf at the base was visible, a thin white throbting vein shat gave the island the appearance of a mirage by the surf's suggestion of clear space betwixt the shore and the sea. It was still blue in the blue atmosphere, with a librine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-western point of the land with the eastern curve, made its resemolance to a camel standling to its belly in the water, with its head under, as startling in its queer accu. racy as a face in the fire or some wild likeness in a clo id. The moment Fortesous had it full, a swimming and a faintness cnilled his brain; he shut his eyes. hut, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure, an overwhelm ing emotion of awe and dread and wonder possessed him. Tnerie was the island of his vision ? What agency hut the hand of God had painted in its complete colours upon the eye of his elumbering soul that little space of land yonder that had been unknown to him as any valley, grove, or mountain top in the brightest of the planets ? It was like being brought close to the spirit of G .d to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding : to enrvey in its realisation the gleaming visionary object he had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderuesa, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery of high nupernalur.lism in it for the mind of Forteecue to support in his then state of health. But there was Agatha to think of. The motive, the issue of the voyage, became an absorbing thought, re. moving him from the perils of the great awe which tlhe profounder sense of this act of Divine disclosure would hace begotten in him. VWas she on the island ? Would shbe be living or dead ? ' Dear God I' lie cried in hie heart, and his eye turned blind against thes glass as his loul came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got iver and towed astern, and the etnnsails taken in. A gaze as searching and, intent as ever abipwrecked mariners levelled from rock to rirging at the sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden HIope npon the island ; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which lHiram and Stone directed at the laud was there visible the least sign of anyone being alive there. No smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. In the glorious morning sunehine veerine northerly, each smnall emioencc threw its blue.black shadow south west ; off the surface of cocoanut trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluccuating iridescence of oil aind water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting or the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of hush, of long grass, of award-like elopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral esand, was accentuated in a manner that from the distance of the schooner gave the picture a grnemllkeemerald lovelinese by the heaping of the white surf along the windward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazz e of a mass of drifted snow. Now that the island was made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one side, the vindication of the mate's solemn state ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. 'We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of ns, Bill,' lliram said; and that one or t'ither of us is out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seein' as there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to ii from the other side of the airth. But consider-only consider-if we'd ha' passed it out o' eight from yon masnhead! We might have found it by cruisin' about-and we mightn't-and if we hadn't, you'd ha' been thought a liar, and I'd ha' been thought incapableof trulynavigating a craft. Toere'd been rows art-r, and a reg'lar hloorniu' muddle, whilst as to IlM---' and he nodded towards F 'rteece with an extravagant shrug of the shoalders. But if the feeling of relief atnd gratification was lively and lasting, it was soon suoordi. hated for the time to an intense perfectly natural curiosity as to whether the clergy man's extraordinary dream was to he com. pletely confirmed by the discoveryof thelady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage into a piece of wild, worthless, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within thie scope ni the eyes fixed upon it, the crew assembled in the bows, and standing-by for orders, whi.pered among themselves. The cheer they had given was not one they would have repeated in their present mod. It was true the island lay solid and surf-beaten-an actual fact that the most nervou-ls imagi native eve could not convert into a fantasy ; but it was something that had been seen thousands of miles off in avision, and there fore to be viewed with awe and superstitionu creeping, as old Breeches implied, when, giving his trousers a drag up and spittint over the side, 'There's nothing in it that's onoatural. I've seen the likes of such islerande scores of times; but I don't mind ownin' that I wouldn't take the wa'ue of at gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye was to tell me I'd see a ghost I'd go; if ye was to tell me the devil was in hidiin' there I'd go. These's nothing as I could feel cocksure on as 'ud stop me. But when there's no one to say what a man might see, or what might happen to him, swalter my eyeballs, Micky, if a chap's to bhe called afeerd for keepin' to windward of the moonshine in sitch a quarter.' Of course, the c"ok took the same view; and through the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, superstitious, bun hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing' After Fortescae had satisfied him self that there was nothing to be seen on shore indica tive of the presence of human beings, he stood watching and waiting withoat speech;. but nobody could have glanced at him without witnessing the formidable conflict of emotions that was being waged within him. Formidable as it was, and the more so yret, becaeuse even his own intelligence. thinking amid that central calm, which liae the vortex of the ciclone is to be funsd a' tne heart of the wildest human agiotuonll, might fearfully funcy that whether the viatorv should he his fear's or his hope's esuch was the intensity of his mental tumult his brain at the issue would stond in dire pertl And indeed it would have been enough to derange the stoutest mind to behold the island that had been as visionay as a dream at Wylo6- steadfast, green and shining uposn the esa under the echooner's jibhoem; the same in outline, tint. vegetation!-- the same in the warmincof the giddy froth along its margin I -the same in its frining nsod clustering of trees and hush --the same in minute detail's converging to the inexoressibly real and yet phantaematl aspect it bore when it dimly hut discernibly formed a back ground for the impassioned, despairfel pleading figure o' Arnatha. etretching out her arms t, him, from the shbelving bach beyond the suerf, across the fiery leagues of Indian water. Was she there? Was it poesihle, after ninomonthe,that she sbouldbe livin, and there, amidst this tremendous solinde of ocean that gathered a terrible emphseis from the very beauty of the lonely islet? At which thought regularly' recurring a sheudder would pass through him that wrenched him as a convulion, oend again and again both Stone and Hiram marked him smetar with his handkerchief the sweat off his forehead, ignorant that he did so, and conscious of nothing but the rending thought-SlnonLDo t rrnn oIS IovE! The schooner swept onwards; the Iland was now within a mile and a half; another caet of thelead was had, and by the time ths lead was coiled down the roar of the surf was a distinct hollow moaning in the wind. Hiram took a fresh look at the land through the glass and shook his head at Sone ; then sent his orders along the deck in a voice tremulons with excitement. ' Hands by tfle weather topsail brace! Down squares?l1 I Hault the tack of the maine'l up! Down helml' And amid a harrying of fitures and a song or two the Oolien Hope wnsbrnucht to the wind, and lay hove to, rolliog lightly upon the swell, a mile from the island. ' Mr. Forteerne, will you come along with mo, sir, or would yrc n rather remain here ?' said Stono, softly. The cuarat starteld oas from a .roncoe and etared (at the old salor before reylying. It was then that hise resolution, which any man SPlahatd hb sPctel ran~mns with the autmr. .-cria nOav e1iurn C oas WastieI in at that moment, came to him in a flash, and posseesled him as thoanuh some marvellous draught had transformed nerve into steel and mind iitoiron will. SWhy, with you, Mr. Stone : How else Are you ready ?' 'All ready, sir; hut I'd humbly represent that ,f he--if the i udy-or putting it in thia war: Suppose---' the old fellow wans sam mering; but Forteecue glanced at him with a alight frown of aurprise, and walked to the gangway. Jump into the boat two of you, my lade. Mr. Stone, you'll take an oar,' eung out HIiram. There seemed a sort of hanging back among the men. In truth, at arny other moment there would have been something to laugh at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one another and yet shoving clone together and staring one past another ; Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything but mirth ; Anlon, the cook, sulky and yellow ; Johnny Simpson, hiding in the rear Goldsmith, with obeti nate leathern jaws, slowly gnawing upon a junk of tobacco ; and so on. 'Now thei, into thle boat two of ye, dye hear?' bawled Hiram afresh ; on which Breeches, with a sor face and muttering in hies growling croaking voice, ' Well, here goes for one. A dog must have two taile afore he feels too proud to obey hordore,' walled to the gangway, and was followed by young Joe tdall. In a few moments the boat was palling away towards the island. orteecue in the stern sheets and old Stone working away as stroke, looking over his shoulder to get the boat's heed fair for the point it was necessary to round. It would be hard if no answer was ever re0 turoed to tie prayers which men in suffering put up to God. It is so natural to lilt up the heart and the hand to Hreaven when help, f,rgiveness, solace, strength are needed that the Instinct of Intuition which prompts the gesture add the whisper is one of the profoundest assu rances we possess that the soul that riee with us is a star that cometh from afar,' and 'from God who is our home.' The sudden strength, nerve, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated a irnse of iron resolution to Forteecuo's Irird, enfeebled by a hundred dietracting emotions, made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special supernaturalism of the last moments of the outward passage, most hlave beer an answer to his appeal. Ieo hod prayed for strength to encounter what ever was soon to be proved to have lain hidden in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and it had beei granted him, and intwas well he had it. It is a common thing to hear of expectation rising to nofy; but conceivewhat was felt by that marble faced man, with hisps compressed to blood. leesenes, his eyes scrutlnising and burning, his arms tightly folded upon his breast as though he would physically crash down the tormenting and sickening hounding of his heart; conceive his feelings as he sat looking towards the island, as the dull thunder of the surf came rolling to his ears over the long ocean swells, ns no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to disturb to the sight the frightful and enormous loneliness of that little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shining verdant to the sun. Why, it wan enough to shake him to the very centre of his being merely to know, by seeing the Island itself, how vivid, beyond all 'oseible capacity ol the mind's mnnchaniem, unaided by direct revelation, was the vision tie had beheld in his slumber at Wvyloe. Ho was meaner in now the identical spdoe of waters he had seen the boat that contained Agatha passing over Was she there? Amid that boiling whiteness yonder-the boat had gone to pieces, and through that same thunderous surf she had been dragged by an heroic heand, and jest beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended arms and a face full of the inerxp esible anguish of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the infinite leagues that separated him from the spot where this scene of flashing ocean, and pouring sun, and ver' dant island had risen before his sealed eyes wrenched him with the wonderfulness of it like a heart.shudder. W'as she there? Oh I srelyr themerciful God would not have led him thus far for no purpose. For sheer relief he turned his eyeballs, aching from the strain of the intensely searching gaze he fixed upon the island, to the schooner-the beautiful echoner --the noble, staunch, auspiciouely named Golden hope; and the clear reflection of her ap. pearance came like a soothing greeting to him as for a moment or two he marked her swaying upon the Il'atini heaving of the ddon, with a little windy rushing of fingerlike shadows over her white earll, avid hlashised in the brimnling blue Lqconid brows from the starry radIance kindled in her wet sides by the sunshine, and the herds of the crew lillpotianised by distance, looking at the receding boat over the rail. l'he men pulled steadily ;Stone very grave, with occasionnal side squints at ,Farteeue, and prolonged looks over his shoulder at the island. Breeches, in the bows, with the natural sourness of his expreesior emphasleed by the drawn down corners of his mouth, the carves whereof, at least on the right cheeki were made longer by the dark stains of tobacco juice , and young Joe fiall between, giving his stpple trunk a devil-mav-care swing as though he reckoned himself lps. cislly watched from the schooner aid corn mented upon Silence wos maintained for some time. At last old Stone, bringing his eyes away from the land, and atsring under twisted eyebrows post Forteeeue at the sea, muttered with a. deep, sigh or two 'YIuihgho I heigho I here it was. William, that I was that dry for drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a qnar. ter of a pnlot of water. By the way, Mr. For. tescus, did you bring e'er a drop o' brandy along with you. ?' 'Yes, I have a itetsle in my pocket,' ansn wered the elergvmrin. ' Well, I meant to have reminded yet of it, sir. It may ha wanted--there's no kiioeing'. tie tried ren inspect the island ' Make out any signs of life there, Bill ? See anything moving ?' 'No,' responded Breeohes hoarsely; ' an' onleess it's them as Mr Fortescue seeks, we don't want to see nothen.' ' How long it'll be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come to fetch has biu cast away?' asked Heall. 'Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re -ponded Stone, with something of depreca. tion io his manner, evidently considering the qlustron mal apropos, and sneaking with iongular solemnity. Then, addressing Mr Forteecure, ' If there's any persons ashore there, air, they'll have to he behind them humps. It's esmooth wter t'other side, arnd it's raysonable they ashold settle to leeward for the convenience of goin' a fihing, not t, mention living clear of the shlndy of that bthere splrf. Heosy, Bill. Let's et her head on' enrn. Why, this is a time of hexpectr tion an'nomistake I Donno, after al', if it woouldn' have been a good idea to have fired a rocket or so, not having a gun aboard, that the ecploelon aloft might bring anyboiy what's arhore down to the beach to have a look.' He combed the sweant from his face with one hand, rowine with the other, as he added, with a frebsh elance atthe island, ' It's enoulh to make the heltart bust clear of its moorin's with anxiety to see them two hits o' hills stuck up there blottin' oneut. the view one wants to get,' and then observing that the clergyman was saeolately incapable of conversation the old fellow sank into silence with a dim far.sway expression in his eyes that would have easily caused you to guess he was thinking of his own shipwreck in these waters. The white surf boiled up the beach and rushed back in thunder. Seeing the vast resolendent breaking of the fine wether breakers upon that coral shore, yon milht well have supposed that in storm the sea. must sweep in snow over the island Giddy. prismatic spontings of throbbing water rose fountainolike against the northern point when the arch of the lanod, by its pecular confiuration, completed that camel aspect that has been again and again referred to. Every haoe of growth and verdure was of sin. gular tropical loruriance; gaining in depth and punrity of dye with the approachlng gz., whilst the sheen of the asulight over all hung like a sliver mist that gave the sky an nopearance of quicksilver for many fathoms above the fringiog of the trees and the tops of the little hills. Niw, post the surf a few uea-fowl could be seen waddling upon a gleaming plope loss than a score were on the winy, sailing, like the common gall, with arched neck and on tremourless pinions. The sound of the breakers was like a ceae. lees eannonading; the softenedl commingring of the detonations of small ordnance. SThe creek's round that comrner-it's smooth there. l'll, lads!' cried S.one. with sudden enciremont. The poino, to which ther had to give a widish berthb, since the surf came down to it thin, but altways dangeroos, opened rapidly to the stroke of the oars, and revealed the slee ward part of the island descending verdaen and tender from the hillside to a breald arip of green level, whence went the sea, blue and quiet. The creek lay clear, stretching a hundtel fathoms o{ radisnt water into the land. The twaa, heading forisg, .ame broad aide to the swell. At this instant Fortescue leapt to his feet with a sort of scream. ' Look I' he shrieks, oointing over the bow, had he uttered a loud hysterical laugh. SSit dowu ! For aud's sake sit down, ir I' roared ?one, ' or ye 11 capsize the boat I' SBev tbunder, ri'" A treN I' cried Breeches. Stone grasped the clergeman, and forced him to sit, and whilst he still held him, looked towards the land, where to the right of the cruel:, midway between its sea open ing and its land limit, stood a tall human figure, with his hands hanging motionless to his side, hir dark face turned towards the boat, and the whole aspect of him so rigid that he might have paseed for the wooden eltigy ofa eaipwrrecked sailor, fixed by some ironical hand upon that lonely rock, to counterfeit the human agony of the living caetaway. Fortceecue sat in the stern sheets, his hands gripping the gunwale so fiercely you saw the veins atanling up like whipcord under the delicate skin, his face flushed to the brow his lips parted, his respiration short and oppressed, and with such a light in his eyes that anyone might have sworn they had caught the feorile fire irom madness. The loag sweet of the oars had brought the boat near enough to the mouth of tooe creek to enable him to distinguish the manu' features, and it was another shock, too full of the supernatural In its first impulse for joy, for him to witness In the lonely figure toe very likenres of the man he had beheld in his vition battling through the surf and bearing Agatha ashore. It is the boatewain of the Verulam,' he crieJ, .s huskily as to barely articulate; at the inme moment the boat entered the snmooth water of the creek, and was pre neotly laid alongside the white sand on the right. that went up into grass and bush. Motionlessly, with hanging arms and burnt hollow face, the man had been wateh. lng them ; he now raised a strange cry of transport, which found a derisive echo in the hoarse notes of the birds overhead, and made as if he would run towards the boat; but God best knows the emotions that would paralyse him at each a time ; he took a strideor two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst I',rteecue, Stone, arid Breeches jumped out of the boat, leaving Hall in charge. I Sfla the sight of un killed him ?' said Stone, in a trembling whisper, whilst Breeches cast a hurri.,d nervous glance around. But ere they reached him he had struggled to his legs and stood erect before them. Father of mercy ! what a figure I piteously trembling from head to foot, his lips moving but without utterance, tears coursing down his cheeks. A ragged eoaman's jacket covered his naked breast, anrid he wore a pair of canvas trousers in shreds about the legs. This was his attire. Ilis black hair was as long an a woman's. and lay upon his hack and ahoolders in a matted mass. Hise face was nerarly of the cormpiexlorl of chocolate with sunburn, and his wild, shipwrecked most lamertable appearance was completed by a long black beard and moustaches. And yet the tall tigure, the fine physique, the manly looks of one who had been, and might yet again he anoble specimen of ai English sailor, were visible throngs the tremors, the tears, the rage, the haggardness of thlls castea Forteecue ran to him and grasped his hand. 'You were the boatswain of the Vernlam I' he cried, ' We have come to save you.' The man sank upon his knees, kissing the cleryrnman's hand. The spur of the southern most bill came down to the sea a quarter of a mile beyond ; it was all green growth to there, with some coconut trees on the head that hid the land behind. FJ?rtencue looked that way, then at the kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and tried to speak, but his voice failed him. On which Stone said, 'Give me the brandy, sir,' and pouring out a dram, presented it to the man. He drank it, and Stone veid, ' For God's sake collect your energies. ''lis a surprise to kill a man pretty nigh, as can't I reckon, havin' been myself cast away here, though not for nine months, as ye have. But it's all right now; get on your leg,, mate, and tell us if t sre's more of ye. Tell us,' he said, putting his lips to the kneeling man's tar, ' if there be more of ye.' The esupense of a lifetime may he crowded into a minute ; think, then, of the agony ofit I The man tried to sneak, struggled, and was helped on to his feet by Sone, who held him ; and he pressed his hands to his temples as if nie head would obast, whilst the rant, eager gaze fixed spun him by the two seamen was in its way almost as pan?sonately anxious as the eye which Forteecue regarded him with. SMerciful Christ I' suddenly exclaimed the man in a hollow voice. ' to think y.u should bave come ! It is nine months you say ?' ' For the love of God, shipmate, tell us are you alone ?' criest Stone. and Breeches echoed. ' Aye, for God's sake tell us I' 'No !' answered the man, frowning and grinning with the violence of his elffrts to steady his mind, and still trembling and weeping ; ' there is a lady-beyond there come !' he yelled ; let's get her- then be off I \--then be off !i here's only us two ! I'll carry her myself I I bore her through the boiling outside to wind'ard. I saved her from a bloody villain I IIer life shall be owin' to me yet. loorah I' Again he made as if to run, and again fell; but this time in a dead swoon, and there he lay for all they could tell, a corpse 'Bill, keep by him in vase he comes to I' erclaimed Stone. ' Mr l'ortescue, let's find the lady, sir. No good wantin' a minute of time mor'n can be helped.' The grass and bush grew plentifully, the former of an Indian kind, so tall, harsh, and ,ntertwined as to be stubhorn to the thrusting of the leg. It was oppressively hot, the glare of the sun coming down past the hil' brassy in a blaze of light, on the verge of whose atmospherio circle the few clouds blowing that way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the bill in a surface of exquisite blse ; but the silence in the island was full of the thunder of the eternal surge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the wind ward shore. Wherever the coral sand stood bare to the eye, a dazz'e came off it almost as of polished tin. The arrival of the boator the movements of the men seemed to have quickened or alarmed ;he birds into activity, for now many sea fowl-a sort of gannet chiefly, black and grey- wheeled Im. petuouely overhead, flying out to sea in sudden dartings, then returning, and raising sonnds that were like a continual sawing by a number of carpenters. ,verr man working with a tool that yielded a differentnote Yet thrnuh these cries and the sounds of the surf could you hear the delicate moaning or sletbng noise of the pleasant trade wind blowing through the hushes. and bending the long era.s, and making whatever foliage the tunes hung out to it tremble their ereenish sheen snainst the same heavens till it waes like an overflowing ot silvery brightness from the leaves, very beautiful to behold. 'To think that I should find myself here again 1' exclaimed S'ane, rather thinkig aloud than addressing Fortnrons. 'Lord, what n lot a man goes through in this here world I' They reoched the summit of the spur, and stood a moment looking. From the base of the short incline, the ground, thick with undergrowth, bush and graesl, wnt level to a similar elope of land that formed the spar or fallof the otherbtll. In the middle of this flit, within ready oheervation, there stood a little structure, easily esen to be formed of the trunks and hnouhs of hushes, which hadl been etriponed of all growths deemed senrr flinos, with an archedschane roof of houghe and the like interlaced, and the whole fairly covered wi'b grase, plaited, and yellow with heat and decay. That wasa ll. Ii was justa little arbour. Something like it you will see min gardens where great bushes have been hollowed into an aperture you have to stoop ' he's nowhere anout--that'll be her shllter, sir; you'll find her there, said Stone. In silence they approached the structure. Fortesce hardly breathed; his line were bloodless; he trembled almost as the man that fainted had ; when within a eson·'s throw of the house he stopped. It waes evident the entrance faced the sea or was on the other side. This side it ws a hblank wall of greenery c~nnlngly wreathed, and movirng e an exhibition of patience in sntler. ing sand in hnpsleesnesn. The curate grasped the old sailor by the arm. 'Mr. Stone.'he whispered with his parnhed throat, 'If I should esnddsnly show myself the joy might craze her, you know. How shall we a.t i' 'Why, that thoinhn's been in me all through,' answered Stone. 'Suopose yon stand behind ore of these here hubnbshes-I'll peep in; if she's there I'll speak to her and prepare her. Bein' gruff and nautical, I can't npset her-'etscide the mere notion of bhin' saved-as a person better bred than me might.' Fortercue motioned to him to act as he seggeited. Stone enlked to the structure, and found the entranre of it facing the sea. Tt w a nenere.shaped slit usther than a door. way, and he had to steop to peer in. The interior with a gr-en twilight with the sun In the north sending rolden threads of light through the leafy roof and side, and where e.r. shese radisat tlhr~aj touched the ground they seemed to epread and Sremblte into little pools of liquid gold. A quantity of long grass lay thilk upon the floor; it has been cut down by a knife, and had turne.l to' the hue ro hay, and It was as coarse as straw, in the tight bend corner of the strange, arblur-liko structure, on the right hand as you looked in at the door there was a help at this grass, and upon it lay Agatha Fox ; in attire a scarecrow, with arms naked and white t breasts balf concealed, onstockinged fest, yet with remains of female apparel swathing her, that is to say one thing hiding the rent in another. Think for yourself if you need a clearer picture. She had been nine months cast away, and what she wore when she was dragged ash re was all she had ! Stone stood a moment or two watching her. Hter hair, that was of a rich and lustruone auburn, and wonderfully abundant, hung with all the wildness of dishevelment fromr her head, and lay in a masl upon the floor albeit she had her cheek in her hand propped" on the elbow. The old sailor looking, with. his heart in his throat, might have expectet to find little more than a skeleton in a woman delicately nurtured that had been immured. for nine months, tormented by thoughts in- expreasible, by suffering which could find no meaning in words ; yet in the swift glances lie stole he noticed on the contrary a round. ness and filnese as of positive health indeed in her face ; likewise a healthful fleshiness cf limb ; the delicate feet and hands and arms were scarlet with sunburn-; but the face was pale and spirit- like, with a curious repose or immobility of beauty, heightened, orne might suppose, into an aspect rarely seen beneath the stars by the disordered unheeded glory of her hair, and by the ragse upon ler expressing and half exposing the perfection. of femalo form, through the squalor that the ocean brings about; rnot to os likened to what we know of the samine thing oshore. She' leaned her head upon hler right arm, and with her left hand she looked to he trying to gather up a pool of sunshine that lay close beside her. There was a large turtle shell in one corner with water in it; and that com posed the furniture of the arbour-for such it was. She was intent upon gathering np the pool of light, scooping at it, so to epealr, with the sharp of her little hand, and laugh lng to herwelf as often as she failed. Stone coughed and stood full in the door way, with his head bowed and hie head bared ; he imagined shel would scream out. and sprir,g to her feet, and he busily re Ihearsed what to say to her; but instead, andt without moving any portion of her figure hout her head. she stared at him with a little be. wildered frown and then-smiled. Stone tried to speak, but such was hi, astonishment that the words stuck in his throat. It was not only this reception-thes smile--the perfect tranquility of her manner that staggered him; he was fascinated be something he noticed- something dthcovers able, hut sorely inot interpretable by him-ins the expreession of the purely soft, unstartled grey eyes she fixed upon him. Again he. essayed to speak; some rumbling sounds escaped him; once more she smiled with touching sweetness, and still preserving that smrtle, turned to the little flood of sunshine and triedl to gather it up,. My Geod I' cried the old seaman aloud, recoiling into the open by a stride, with ai involuntary horrified toes of his head, 'she's lost her mind.' As he spoke, Fortescue gripped his arm. and, with his other hand shading his eyes., peered in through the entrance of the arbour. (TO IyW'cONTINUaD. 