TRAINING NOTES, FLEMINGTON. TCESDAT. northerly breew. whicb l)y 7 o'olock had increased to a sale, rii(jftgg«kmd8 of dost, tout the principtf part of the ^riC 'jiw sot through <betoit tbe stonusMneon. Morriwn, Outta, aq(f Mr. Oook'e etrtngs were Awt $i*Qfk. Be&wtag; did a ebridlaggMQpm0Pin sidetauik over %bont a mile and, a raLl Ju Uwwuae time nelson and Clyclopgwere pejrfimMngbn IfaBian, and^eyraotwoMtwandafarwr * " wMgotorerln 1m. fi2la,andtt»ei It wa>; auapttal gmop m " OoM ran aw i i-. v£ factory. Soldier's Wind brushed over six furlongs, the last five occupying lm. Sl9. Master Jack Essie a good working gallop on the tin.1on.ecf?s."f,' and Mitrailleuse brushed over half a ml1®,1U ^' )V ' sirocco and Middlemarch ran a toft 8®;'°?, 9P i"lt. tan, the son of Pisoator going wonderfully sscii, the big horse is a lazy worker. Dancing Master ana Itomanoff rattled along on the tan for a caiHtaifraNOi , and Xatly-ho was brushing along for P0®T, " i ' Branchiopod* and Loyalist ran a Btrone Pa°e?\® "f" or six furlongs. Dirk Duke, Cinderella, and nut wood worked mildly. Volcano and Ahercorn,, nit Hales in the saddle, ran a smart six furlongs , t first five occupied lm. 7js. Progress \yorked twice round the sand, as also did the 6teeplechasc h°rs Fish. Albert Loddon and Maxim, who had bouj rugs on, were on the inner going, and they ran u moderately fair gallop over six furlongs ; the ise Zealander exhibits plenty of pace. Huntingtoft r and Bowmont ran six furlongs on the-tan for a oris spin, in which the former showed to eamnuga Phaon led Gipsy's Warning a fast gal.op on tnc sanu over six furlongs ; a bit under lm. 20s. \ ascosi and Approbation worked in company at a strongisn pace, Faugh-a-bjllsgh cantered, and Moolgai strode along at a fair pace twice round t!ie sand, where St Michael brushed over five furlones forasniart gallop. mcKen botham had a Progress filly and a Swivcllcr colt at work, and Plausible was doing half-pace exercise. Maroondah, Shark, and First Consul, after cantering a round of the sand, galloped another one. ihc Agent ran a strong gallop twice round the tan, tnc first round was done in lm. 5G«. Trident had Hex ham in company for a circle of the sand, when Icr fume joined them to keep the big colt going the last six furlongs, and he ran two miles in 3m. 4t*., the first round occupicd Qui. 33s. Chesham had Dunlop for a companion on the tau, the former had the best ol the gallop in the last round. Uoyal Oak wa.s moving along for capital exercise on the Bind for twice round. Blairgowrie cantered on the tan, run ning borne strongly. Sumatra and Madddina ran a brisk gallop over six furlongs, and Tranter worked with th« .Horatio colt. Uoyal Maid and Letitia were on the tain for long exercise, and Umbra, Jeuusite, and llhetorician worked inside the course, Danscuse was cantering on the sand. AlUfk Hose galloped a circle of the tan, where Frisco also did likewise m a bit under lm. 51s. Matador ran a useful callop over six furlongs on the sand. E. D. and a St. Albans marc ^rattled round the tan for a good gallop, and ltoysterer, ;with Chloris, ran a useful pice once round the sa^id. Arsenal had The Orphan to commence and The Wreck to join them in a spin over two miles, which was covered in 3tn. 4Gs., First Game galloping in front of them the last five or six furlongs. Quiu tin Matsep ran a 6trong pace over seven or eight fur longs, Urigantine, Saidius, Crusoe, and Allander were on the inner track, and they bowled along for a working gallop, The Levite and Lord W ilton doing similar business on the 6and over a mile, ilagnifler cantered, and brushed home strong. Louis accom panied Pakeha for a spin over six furlongs. Bos niond and Perchance worked on the inner going, and Kich Rubj- was also exerciing. Mr. Glasscock bad a long string at work ; Atlas doing good exorcise on the sand twicc round; Magnolia, Framlinghain, Hamb'edon, Curiosity,and others of the team worked. Straight Shot galloped once round the tan ; and Damocles, with Bedouin, ran six furlongs in lm. 19JS., the last five furlongs in lm. GJs. Desperado ?worked twice round the inner going. Hortense led Lara a six-furlongs gallop in lm. 20\s., the last half mile in 53Js. Whakawhaia and ilana ran a strongish pacc from the half-mile home; and Sorcerer, who has joined Coffey's stable, cantered twicc round the tan ; Miss Jessie yunnini a smart five furlongs on the sand. There were a number of other horses at work during the morning. John Hill cantered Satyr and The Tele gram. THCHSDAT. The morning was cloudy, consequently work did not commence so early as usual. After First Consul had indulged in long exercise for a sweat, and Cinder ella with the Petrea colt had gone tluough a canter on the sand Menotti and Fish o' Silver ran a useful gallop a circle of the sand. At the same time Lesbia was striding along on the inner track for a working gallop. Beeswing exercised on the sand, and after running once she ran another time round at a good pace. Mr. Cook's Englishman colt exeicised on the tan. Ne'son having All Gold and Cyclop9 iu company, the trio ran a good gallop once round thu sand in 2m. 33s.; the New Zealander did hot seem to please quite so well as in his previous gallops. Lochicl cantcred twice round the same track, and Hogmanay ran a very useful gallop ou tbe tan, the last round strong; Gipsy's Warning also was doing exercisc ou the sauie going at a strongish half-pace twice round. Mitrail leuse, after cantering, ran a brisk spin over six fur longs in lm. 19js.., covering the first five fur longs in lm. &Js.; Blairgowrie, with Iluntingtower, performed a capital gallop on the tan over about six furlongs, the two year old showing to ad vantage. Perfume, Abercorn, and Volcano, with Hales up, next appeared, when the trio cantcred 6ix furlongs; then they set coing, and traversed the Newmarket distance, but the two year olds had the best of him in lm. 21 Js. Soldier's Wind bowled along in c«uipaiiy with The Wreck for a smart spin. Branchiopoda led Loyalist over five furlongs in lm. 8«. Musk Hose and Trent occupied the tan for some good exercise, Kscutchcon following suit. Invermay ran a fair gallop once round the sand. Phaon led Straight Shot and Umbra over six furlongs for a smart gallop, showing to a lot of advantage iu a shade over lm. 19s., Middlemarch and E. D. also running six furlongs in lm. 22|s., but the big horse ecems a lazy worker. Maxim was bowling along at a good pace over six furlongs with Albert Loddon. First Game ran a smart gallop over the New market distance, and though he ran the first furlong a bit slow, he covered the distance in lm. 20s. Master Jack performed a good gallop on the tan, Essie bringing him home the latter part of a once round. Bowuiont was exercising with Dancing Master.' Trident bad Hexham for a companion after the former had cantered once round ; the last one was got over in 2m. Sis. Aisenai, with The Orphan, accomplished their morning's work on the tan, they galloped a bit over a mile and a half, the last round was got over in lm. 52s. Uoyal Oak did good exercise twice round the sand, and Chronograph also bowled along over half a mile; Vasco working mildly on the tan, where Allander, Patience, and Brigautioe worced, also Plausible. Satyr also accomplished a gallop on the tan twicc round at . good working pace. Honeybee also exeroised, Shark, with Maroondah, ran a mile and a quarter on the sand. Tho Agent and Maddelina did a strong onco round, Frisco bowling along on the tan for a gcoi gallop over six furlongs. Magnifier run ning six furlongs on the s&nd; in lm. 19' <. Dunlop seemed to keep Chesham going in a capital gallop. They went on tbe tan twice round, followed by Dufferin. Abuer aud Moorhouse strode along on tbe sand; but they did nothing of importance; and Yellow Jacket was exercising-. Quintin Matsep ran a sterling gallop over six furlongs In lm. 20Js,; and Tbe Telegram bowled along on the tan for a nioe pipe-opener. This is rather a nioe filly. Pakeha, Sumatra, and Louis ran a useful six furlongs in lm. 23s, Tally-In, Margrave, and The Slanderer colt were cantering. Desperado strode along for a working gallop on the saud a couple of timea round ; and Matador brushed over six furlongs for a good ex tender. Bedouin tod Citadel for medium work Sun shade, with Sanders up, was cantering, and Progress long exercise. AVhakawai and Mana ran half a mile: and* Glorious colt led St. Michael in a spin over Are or.ax furlongs. Harvester, looking none tbe worse for his exertions in Tasmania, was doing easy exer cise; also, flush, Defceiver, Golden Butterfly, Derision. *nd others of Cripps'a. Ariel was cantering. Miss Jessie and Approbation nui a useful paoe over six fur longs ; and Damocles and tho Horatio colt were matters oasily. The Levite, Lara, and Lord Wilton f*n a capital spin over six furlongs in lm. 20s., bis lorfShlp having Uy> best of the gallop, nortense galloped six funongs in lm,2ljs. veryeaBlly. Suo cess started with liar but qufckly dropmxf to the rear. Atlas, Curiosity, Enoore, Frainllnsfhatu and others Pf Mr. OJasaoook's were doing gooa exercise as alsowere Whltty's, Jellett's, M'lvor*s. Ung'i ami several other hones during the morning. <JAULFII5LD, Toesdat MORNING, A dear morning, with every indloition of a warm and windy day| witnessed training operations com teenoe early at Caulfleld raoeoours* TuekKSt Master John, who was led by a pony for gentlHx °r i|t oandldate.had performed a rather unsatisfactory ^?2Tpi|0"wh0tl?fay ?ven!n* with Beck with an5 Miss Parnell, both of whom worked thu igauwiliJs now restrioted to walking exerolw and ii JMrtfcln to be an absentee for tbe «MtS« ,V*purt"at the autumn carnival $ S* Lord Ooobrane, and Ene,T iS pearcd to have a bit the best of Rosewood in a flvo furlong- spin. Silvermine, ivith Gentility, did an easy onoc round on the tan, then strode away (or another round at an increased pacc. Marmion did a couple of miles at a strong pace. Fernandez went a oouplo of miles oil tho tau at a working pace. Kohai cantered. Carnival and Nectarine ran five furlongs at their top, and were brought homo by Julian Grey. Hazard and Bushman were schooled over tho hurdlos, and ac quitted themselves very favourably. Little Jack and Stockman did useful work. J. Duffct had out Hot Iron, Marlborough, Lithologist, The Ghost, Bar One, a colt by Lapidist, and Graco Darling, who all can tered. Later on Hot Iron had the best of Grace Darling and another in a mile spin. Grace Darling: looks as ff she was shaken to pfoces. Lscneo sent Cadland and Gildy strong work on the grass track. Cliandos cantered, so did Berkeley. Joss' the winner of the Qucenscliff Uaiden Plate, and by Kettledrum, has joined this stable, and was can tering. U nca?, with O'lirion up, did a mi Jo and a quarter at useful pacc, but he does not improve much. Campbell sent Lord Allen and Blondin together over five furlongs. Acnes went strongly. This trio are looking well. Carter sent his couple of infirm animals. Ambassadress and Favo, easy tasks, Sydney cautcred. T. Jones sent Violet, Louis 2nd, Louise Dcrta, and Epicurean all trood sound work on the grass track. Lizctte, who is fast coming into nice condition, canterred on the tan, then strode away for a useful working gallop of a mile nnd a half. Goad wood also cantered." Fusee cantcrcd. Davis's Darjo. David, and others came down after breakfast, bat did nothing beyond cantering. Now master, with l'owcr up. ran six furlongs in fair time with Poor Jim and Gasburucr. THURSDAY. The near approach of the V.R.C. autumn carnival, and l,he ch&ncos; of witnessing Bome good gallops, attracted a crowd of touts to Caulfleld racecourse. FouIsharn was one of the first to begj) by sending Kohai in company with Chicago for a mile and a quarter on the grass track, the last six furlongs strong. Gentility and Fernandez worked Oil the tan at half-pace. Bonnie Doan cantered, so did Silver mine and Ifarinion. T. Jones sent Delamis, Louis If., Epicurean, Violet, and Louis Bcrta Etrong work on the grass, while Lizettc cantcrcd and spurted on the tan, where Goodwood cantered. Campbell despatched the good-looding Lord Allen and Blondin a serviceable pipe opener; while Agnes acquitted her self well at Die end of once round. Master John, who looks a trifle light, worked at half-paoe on the grass, while Miss Parncll cantered and ran homo strongly. Newmaster, with heavy shoes on and a big lad in the saddle, essayed to do the Newmarket distance; the first portion of the journey with Poor Jim and the last with Gasburner, and the time occupied in cover ing the journey was made loi. 18s., or a shade over. This, under the circumstances, was a good gallop. The Ghost was led on the tan, and Golden Fleece cantered; others in Duffeit's stable worked later on- in the morning. J. Harper, sen., sent Nectarine and Carnival in company with J. Harper, jun.'g, Tabby for a eix-furlong spin, after which the latter completed three additional circuits on his own account. Moran had Victor, Phenomenon, Greculus Ksurieus, and Jack, all jumping- candidates, doing easy tasks, and the same work was given to H. Cbnnolly's string. Lady Ashton is beginning to look somewhat light) the last week. Jim Cain ran a round on the grass track at half-pace. King of the West cantered a miie, then improved the pace to stron<> the last five furlongs of another mile. Little John was an absentee, owing to extreme soreness. His trainer has wisely determined to give the son of Hamlet a rest. Bence sent Cadland and Joss three quarter pace work. Batty tried Hazard and Bush luan for a mile, when Little Jack brought the pair home another mile, in which the first-named tired perceptibly. Fusee and Bi-ticent cantered. P. Kelly's stiing were restricted to work or a mixed order, cantering and spurting. Carter's three cantered. 