GENERAL NEWS. Fibst Aid to thb Wounded.—On Mon^ day next, in addition to the nsaal fortnightly enmmary of news for the mail, the Register ■ will contain a supplement of sixteen columns, giving a verbatim report of Lady Braaseys addresB to the members of the St John Ambulance Association at Government House on Monday last, and other interesting matter relating to ambulance work, methods of treatment, the organization of dosses, &o.; The supplement, whioh will occupy two pages, will be in a form which can be easily preserved, the information being of a most useful character in cases of emergency. Depabtctbe or Archbishop Cabb.—The Right Rev. Dr. Carr, the Archbishop-desig nate of Melbourne, left Adelaide for his new scene of labour by Friday afternoon's express. He was accompanied by the gentlemen deputed by the Roman Catholics of Mel bourne to meet him in Adelaide, by Arch bishop Reynolds, and by Dr. Corbett, the head of the new Bishopric of Sale, A large number of the Roman Catholic clergy and laity of Adelaide were on the platform, and as the train moved away hearty oheers were given for His Grace. The Late Mb. VABLEr, tj.M.—The Ka punda Herald, in an appreciative notice of the worth of the late Mr. Varley, S.M., whose funeral takes place this after noon, writes as follows" Early in the year close and prolonged attention to duty, followed by shock and worry occasioned by a heavy pecuniary loss through: the failure of the Commercial Bank, was seen to injuriously affect Mr. Varley's health, which was earlier in life impaired by a resi dence in the tropics. He continued in har ness, however, for some weeks longer, but it was evident that unless he could be speedily relieved he was incurring great risk by con tinuing'work which he was physically unable to perform. JuBt prior to the last general election in March he broke down, a severe attack of gastric fever confining him to his house for a fortnight. In a weak state he emerged to carry out his dutieB as Returning Officer for the District of Light, and notwith standing hiB condition he saw the election through without a hitch. Mr. Varley's last public appearance waB at the declaration of the - poll, and, supported whilsiTaiianding, his utter ances on that oooasion are worth reproducing, here. Replying to a vote of thankB enthu siastically passed to him for conducting the election, he said, in a voice scarcely audible - through weakness:—'It has been rather a severe struggle for me to get through what I have done. It would have been very awkward if anything serious had happened to me after the writs were issued. The work would have had to be done all lover again, which would' have been inconvenient and troublesome to the candidates and the electors. I have struggled on therefore to complete the: election, and whatever happens to me yon will not have been put to any inconvenience,'' The last sentence was uttered full of feeling and in a dead silence, which was broken by the sympathetic and encouraging cheers which followed a moment or two later. Many left the (Courtroom feeling that Mr. Varley had spoken his last words to the people amongst whom he had lived and laboured so long. A month's leave of absence was granted to him, and after a few days'' rest at home he left South Australia for Vic toria, where at Sorrento he hoped to re cuperate. He arrived in Melbourne prostrated by the journey, and Mrs. Varley was sent for. The sojourn at the watering-place on the south coast was devoid of any beneficial re sult, and the invalid returned to Melbourne in the hope that he would gain Btrength enough |,to return home. His condition varied; one day it was felt there were grounds for hope, but the next dispelled them. So it went on, and the various mem bers of the family visited or remained with him. We believe it was contemplated Mr. Varley Bhould return home next week. But it was not to be. He graduallygrew weaker. The end was looked for. Mr. C. G. Varley left Adelaide for Melbourne by Tuesday's express, and, with Mrs. Varley and Mrs. Rosman, was - with Mr. Varley on Wednesday night. When the night was far gone the invalid's Bufferings ceased, and he passed peacefully away just as the great city was beginning to awake. On the receipt of the newB of his death His Worship the Mayor on behalf of the town dispatched a telegram to Mrs. Varley ex pressive of sympathy with her and her family in their bereavement. The remains were placed in a steel coffin and left Melbourne for Adelaide by Thursday afternoon's express, MrB. Varley and Mrs. Rosman are coming by the same train. On the arrival of the body in the city it will be conveyed to the South Australian Club Hotel, Worth-terrace, whence the funeral will start at 2 o'clock on Saturday for Campbelltown. The bony will be interred in the Mildred family vault in the Campbell town Cemetery." Death of a Fbominent Freemason — Mr. J. H. Cunningham, Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge, received on Friday morning a telegram from Sydney, an nouncing the death of Mr. W. Weekes, . Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales. Mr. Weekes, who was held in high esteem, had oocupied his official position since the foundation of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales, He had recently visited England for the benefit of his health. Passengers teb R.M.S. LiGnBiA,—The following are the Adelaide passengers booked - per R.M.S. Liguria. which sails for Europe on Monday, June 13For London (saloon)— Mr. and Mrs. W. Lyne and two children, and Mr. H. Haifon ; and 19 in the third-class. River Levels. — The following figures show the state of the rivers at the under mentioned places at 9 a.m. on Friday, Jrne 10:—Murray — Wabgunyab, 6 ft ; . Echnca. 5 ft.; Swanhill, 6 ft, 8 in.; EuBton, 5 ft 8 in. ; Overland Corner, 9 ft. 10 in.; Morgan, 12 it. 4 in.; Gundagai. 6 ft; Wagga Wagga, 8 ft; Hay, 2 ft. 7 in.; Balranald, 5ft 9 in. Darling—Bourke, 1 ft. 6 in.; Louth, . 4 ft. 5 in. ; Til pa, 5 ft Sin.; Wileonnia, 8 ft. 1 in. ; Menindie, 24 ft. 3 in.; Pooncarie. 23 ft. 9 in.; Wentwcrth, 12 ft 2 in. Namoi and Barwon—at Walgett, Brewarrina, Mun gundi and Mogil, low. Culgoa—Goodoga, low. Next Week's Government Land Sales. ] .At the Government Land Office on Wednes \- day, Jnne 15, several eduoafcion&l; lands will be brought to the hammer, and on Thursday leases of working men's blocks ia Hundreds of Finniss, North Rhine, Way, Noarlunga, Eurelia, and Napperby will be offered. Water-lifting Invention. — We have been shown a very ingenious water-lifting I apparatus, the invention of Mr. John Irving, woolsorter and sheep-olasBer, the model of | which is to be seen at the premises of Elder's Wool and Produce Company in Currie-street. The idea is simple and effective. From a j large horizontal wheel, fitted with bar and 8wingletree for a horse, a rope is led on to a perpendicular grooved wheel on a bar, which 1 carries two smaller grooved wheels of the j same kind. These latter carry a donble f chain, to which can be swung two or ten buckets, which are so constructed that when raised to the requisite height a catch pro- j jecting from their sides comes in contact I with a bar and upsets the bucket, pouring the water into a trough. The buckets are raised by meauB of the pulley from the hori zontal wheel acting upon the perpendicular one, which is fixed to the same shaft as the bncket pulleys, and there ia no necessity to stop the horse or change bis direction—the buckets are filled and emptied as the horse goes steadily round. The whole appliance can be put up over a tank or well at a cost of £10, material included, according to the estimate of Mr. Irving, who has had much practioal experience on sheep stations, Several leading stoskowners saw the model, and approved of it. Probates.—During the week ended June 9 the following probates and letters of ad- ministration were granted : — Probates — Johanne R. Hoffmann, of Neukirch, £450; Thomas Rees, of Rhynie, £50 ; A. H, Rogers, of Langhorne's Creek, £2,300; Edward Flood, of Belvidere, £150; Thomas Noah Jeal, of Gawler, £300: Charles McClintock, of County Donegal, Ireland, £350; Maria Taylor, of Norwood, £26; Michael McKeough, of Mannanarie, £2,500. Letters of Adminis tration—H. J. T. Drayton of Marion, £1,550; C. F. Bray, of Goodwood East, £65; Mary Ann Cochram, of Laura, £5 ; S. H. King street, of Quorn, £300; Bridget Madigan, of Terowie, £175. The Recent Salvation Army Dis turbances.—At the Adelaide Police Court on Thursday, June 9, the adjourned cases against Captain Georgina Webber and twelve other members of the East End division of the Salvation Army, were called on. The defendants, it will be remembered, were several weeks ago ■ charged by the Corporation with obstructing the public thoroughfare near tbe York Hotel, and remanded to allow of an appeal in a previous case being settled. Mr. W, Symon, counsel for the defence, stated that by an arrangement with Inspector Shakespeare the informations would with the consent of the Bench be withdrawn. He assured the Magistrates that he had the promise \- of the Salvationists not to again assemble near the York Hotel. The Army had been advised that there were no satisfactory grounds to proceed with the appeal case. Inspector Shakespeare Btated that the Corporation had consented to a with drawal. The informations were accordingly withdrawn on payment of fees. Mr. JBsd \- dome remarked that it was not necessary to lay informations againBt so many of the Sal • vationists; it wonld have sufficed to proceed ■ against two or three. Death of Mr. Richabd Ioungr.—Re ferring to the London cablegram an nouncing the death of Mr. Richard Younge, the well-known actor, the Mel bourne Argus saye:—"Old playgoers will learn with regret that Mr. Richard Younge, the actor, is no more. He must have been approaching 70 years of age at the time of his decease, and for some years previously had been the Manager of a -company travelling through England with one of the popular comedies of the day. But of late we have missed his name from the customary announcements in the theatrical papers, and conclude that illness or infirmity had compelled him to relinquish the active ■ duties of a profession to whicli he was warmly attached. He came out to Victoria upwards of thirty years ago in company with the late \- G. V. Brooke, under engagement to Mr. George Coppin, and played lago to the great tragedian's Othello on the first appearance ot both at the old Queen's Theatre in 1854. The deceased actor sustained the secondary part in moBt of the plays prqduced at that time; and,when tbe Olympic Theatre was erected in Lonsdale-street Mr. Younge be \- came its Stage Manager, a position for which he was admirably qualified. He possessed an excellent knowledge of stage business, and had studied a wide range of characters. He was not adapted to shine as a star, but was a careful, intelligent, safe, and solid all-round actor—slow of study and deliberate, sometimes hesitating in delivery. Nothing came amiBs to him on the boards tragedy, oomedy, farce, or melodrama, and he was always to be depended upon. If there was one line of character in which he excelled it was that of villaius, and his Iago, his Paul Lafont, and personages of that description he presented to the life. In private he was greatly and deservedly esteemed for his uprightness and sincerity, his unassuming manners, his simple, Kindly disposition, and the flow of theatrical anec dote with which he could enliven a conversa tion. After a professional career of several \- years in ttaiB and the other colonies, where he made many friends and no enemies, he returned to the mother country, from which be never cared to expatriate himself a second time," Old Colonists —Three pioneers colonists have fallen out of the ranks this month, viz., Mr. John Weymouth, sen., of Coromandei Valley, who died at the advanced age of 85; Mr. Thomas Robert Daniel, of Hendon Farm, Long Plain, whose aee was 71; and Mr. W. Pederick, of Gawler River. Mr. Weymouth was a colonist of forty-nine years, and was a good type of the sturdy independent yeoman, relying upon his own resources and holding his own through life. He began business here as a contractor in a small way, and finally nettled in the neighbourhood of Coromandei Valley, where he lived for over forty years highly respected. He was an earnest supporter of the local Baptist Church. The late Mr. T. R. Daniel came out to South Australia in the John Renwick in February, 1837, and has witnessed the pro gress oi the colony through good and bad times for nearly fifty years. He engaged in agricultural pursuits, and established a farm at Long Plain, known as _ Hendon Farm, where he died. Mr. W. Pederick, a coloniBt of forty-six years, who died at Woodburn, Gawler River, at the age of 83, was another of our useful colonists, quiet, energetic, and practical. Skinny Men.—" Wells' Health Renewer' restores health and vigour, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, &c.; At chemists and druggists F. H. Paulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. 303v The Late Mb. J. Vabley, SM.—We regret to record the death, at the White Hart a Hotel, Melbourne, after a protracted illness, of Mr. John Variey, for many yeara Stipendiary Magistrate at Kapnnda. Mr. Variey was born at Tattershall, Lincoln Comity, England, in 1 1830\. His father, who was related to the celebrated artist, Joha Variey, conducted a ; large business in Lincoln as a brewer, maltster, and corn and coal merchant. Deceased was educated at Lincoln by Mr. George Boole, LL.D., subsequently Pro fessor of Mathematics at Queen's College, Cork, and showed considerable proficiency in various branches of learning, particularly in navigation and aetronomy. While a yonth he went to Bea, and rose rapidly in his pro fession. In 1854, however, in consequence of the master of the Chatham being superseded, and he not being appointed, as he had some right to expect, as chief officer, he abandoned his seafaring life._ He then came to South Australia. Entering the Government servioe in February, 1855, Mr. Variey was a clerk in Adelaide till January, 1870, when he waB pro moted by the Governor with the advice of the Executive Counoil to be Stipendiary Magis trate of the Kapanda district at a salary of £500 per annum, a forage allowance of £50, and travelling expenses. He was also ap Snnted Beturning Officer for the Electoral istriot of Light, and in March, 1883, Re turning Officer for the North-Eastern Dis trict of the Legislative Council. DeeeaBed was also Chairman of the Midland Licensing Bench. Mr. Variey married in 1854 the youngest daughter of the late Hon. Henry Mildred, M.JL.C. Mr. Variey, who was a frequent contributor to the PreBB on social and scientific topics, took a great interest in the subject of the climatic conditions of the colony, on which , he at no great distance back gave a most instructive lecture. Owing no doubt to the judicial character of his duties he took no prominent part in public affairs, but in , Kapanda he was the first President of the Institute, As a Magistrate he was one of the best in the colony. He studied the law with so much success that he was frequently employed in drafting Bills. The priu | cipal measure on which he was en gaged was the Local Courts Aot, with Mr. Glynn. Of late the deceased gentleman had been much engaged in thought over banking matters. He was ! a heavy loser in the Commercial Bank. The constitution of the Adelaide Bank received bis attention, and he was the means of getting a committee of shareholders appointed to discuss and report on certain points. His colleagues were the Hon. J. Colton and Mr. , R, Barr Smith, and it will be remembered ! that the meeting of shareholders to , receive the report was recently ad journed _to_ enable Mr, Variey to attend. His illness, however, has proved fatal. Some few months ago he went to I his sister's residence at Richmond in the hope that the change would restore a lost i tone of condition. No little sorrow is felt at the somewhat untimely end to so useful a life as Mr. Varley's, for while he was not a young I no-t enjoyed the best of health, he had until comparatively recently the promise of many years before him, which \ he had m Mb own mind devoted to retire ment from official duties and to another form ■ of service to South Australia, of which he was an eminently good colonist; nuthis familyand a. wide circle of friends mourn their loss, With his widow, daughter (Mrs. Bosnian), and two sons, both of whom (Messrs. Hiram W. and Charles Grant Variey) are well j known solicitors of Adelaide, sympathy is largely expressed. Mr. Henry Variey, the Engltsn evangelist, was a brother of deceased, . as also was Mr. Variey of Mount Gambier, The funeral will take place from Adelaide [ to-morrow afternoon for the Campbelltown Cemetery. The Jubilee Peize Rifle Meeting. I An elaborate and clear programme for the Jubilee Prize Meeting of the S.A. National Rifle Association to take place in August , next haB been issued, and it gives a deal of information in a concise form. There will be j over £800 in prizes and trophies to shoot for, and twenty-four events, the meeting extend i ing over four days. In the first, in the Smith I Challenge Trophy of £10, there are thirty six prizes, and in the 8.A.N.R.A Champion ship thirty-one* In addition to the ordinary events are the "running man," in which the competitors fire at a moving figure; a special volley and skirmishing match, under special conditions; and the Stirling Challenge I Trophy, in which sections of the cavalry or | mounted infantry engage. They have to jump hurdles, dismount and fire, advancing and retiring, as though in pursuit of an enemy or in retreat. An Intercolonial Rifle ClubB Championship is open to teams from any rifle club affiliated with any National Rifle Association of the Empire or with the N.R.A. of Great Britain. The committee are endeavonring'.to arrange an intercolonial match for 1887 to be fired in Adelaide during the meeting. Altogether the programme , seems to be a very comprehensive one. Ae I cording to the rules visitors belonging to the naval or military forces of Great Britain or apy British colony, or to any recognised rifle club, can on payment of a small sub scription become non- resident members and compete in most of the matches during the meeting. The rules allow the use of a Biiding bat as a wind gauge, and every provision seemB to have been made for the proper oon duct of the competitions, Mail Service in the Northern Terri tory.—On Wednesday the Minister of Education made arrangements with Messrs. Millar Brothers to establish by their s.s. Active a mail service between Port Darwin and the Macarthur River via the Roper, and a provisional service between Port Darwin and Wyndham. The "Register" Parliamentary Guide, -This valuable publication, the first of its kind in South Australia, is now issued by the printers and publishers, Messrs. W. K. Thomas & Co., and may be obtained from all the booksellers at the price of Is., whilst specially prepared copies are offered at 5s. Carefully revised biographical notices are given of every member of both Houses of the Legislature, and of the principal officers of the Parliament. Such an unique record must be of special interest to every colonist. The world loves to know something about the personal life of its public men; and herein, beginning with the letter A and with the biography of Sir Henry Ayers, the able and dignified Pre sident of the Legislative Council and a rare good old colonist, the public may have their reasonable curiosity gratified. A special value, moreover, is given to the " Register Guide" by the inclusion of portraits of Borne of the most prominent politicians of the time iu South Australia. Of the many good ideas which will mark the jubilee year iu our colony the first publication of a Parliamen tary Guide is not the leaBt excellent. "Rough on Corns."—Ask for Wells' 'Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists, S03v New Catholic Church at Teetulfa. The new Catholic Church at Teetulpa was opened on Sunday by the Rev. Father Norton. There were large congregations, and sermons were preached by Father Norton both in the morning and evening. The offerings towards the Church: amounted to £26 in cash. The Church was erected by Messrs. Cowell Brothers. The Late Mrs. M. A. O'Neill.—News wsb received by the mail of the death of Mrs Margaret Allen O'Neill, of Ballineurra, County Utnerick« The deceased lady, since the death of her husband about ten years ago, _ had been extensively engaged in farming, and was highly respected for her personal worth and charitable disposition. Mrs. O'Neill was the mother of twelve children, ten of whom are living. Of these three sons are engaged in farming pursuits, one is studying medicine, and fonr are in the Roman Catholic ministry. Three of her sons are connected with the Roman Catholic Church in Australia, viz., the Kev. T. O'Neill, of B≪&r;&t;, who has been twelve years in the colonies, and the Bevs. Tj®!- d. O'Neill, in the Arohdiocese of Adelaide. The other son will be ordained shortly for the Archdiocese of Melbourne. The Train to Eudunda.—A Kapunda correspondent informs ns that the train which runs from Kapnnda to Eudunda in the evening and returns at 10 p.m. has carried an average of 1£ passengers since the start. Mount Gambier and Narbacoorte Rail way.—The committee have decided to invite to the opening ceremonv of the Mount Gam bier and Narracoorte Railway the members of the Ministry, the Hons. R. C. Baker. M.L.C., and S. Tomkinson, M.L.C., and Messrs. E. Ward, M.P., and J. Bagot. A special train will leave Adelaide for Mount Gambier on Wednesday morning, June 15, retnrning on the following Friday. Boys' Brigade.—The Secretary acknow ledges the receipt of £110s. 9d.. collected by a schoolboy, aged 1C years, at Riverton, and kindly forwarded by Mr. Scandrett, of Kapunda, Prince Alfred Scholar, — We are informed that Mr. E.R.Forster, B.A, LL.M., Cantab., who was educated at Prince Alfred College, has passed the final examination for solicitors held by the Incorporated Law Society of London. Me. John Egge and the Chinese Poll Tax.—We understand that Mr. NicholBon Mackie has collected £10 in Is. subscriptions for the payment of the poll tax imposed upon Mr. John Egge, a Chinaman formerly resident in South Australia, a colonist who has been in business for many years as a merchant at Wentworth. It will be remembered that the Custom-bouse officials at Morgan insisted upon Mr. Egge paying the tax, although it had been paid and specially remitted on a former occasion, and that the Treasurer (Hon. J. C. Bray) refnsed to make any exception in Mr. Egge's favour. It iB intended if the tax is refunded by the Government to pay the amount now raised to the Pope Fund. Adelaide Chess Club. — On Tuesday evening, June 7, the ninth round of the annual winter tourney was played:—Mr. Cheadle beat Mr. Maves, Mr. Macdonald beat Messrs. Earl and Hubble, Mr. Tilly beat Mr. Laughton; Messrs. Burden and Macbin and Roberts and Richards adjourned. During the week Mr. Roberts has beaten Mr, Langhton, and Mr, Laughton has beaten Mr. Macdonald. The score to date is as follows: —Burden, 4; Earl, 4 ; Harrison, 4; Laughton, 4; Macdonald, 5$; Machin, 3: Roberts, 2: Cheadle, 6; Watson, 6J; Hubble, 1: Marshall, 5; Mayes, 2; Richards, 1; and Tilly, 2. Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants.—A special meeting of this So ciety was held at the Labour League Hall, Adelaide, on Tuesday, 7th inst. There was a fair attendance of members. Mr. G. E. Harvey, having been voted to the chair, ex plained that the object of the meeting was to consider whether the Society should be wound up, and ifso what should be done with the tundB in hand. Mr. T. Johnson then moved and Mr. W. H. Bennett seconded i a motion affirming the desirability of winding | up. A lively discussion followed, in which it was pointed out that sb another Society had juBt been established on a somewhat broader basis it would be unwise to continue the existence of two Societies, but would be far better to have one strong one. The motion was carried unanimously. The , question of funds was then dealt with, and it was ultimately decided to distribute the same as follows : — The entrance-fee and one month's contribu tions to be paid into the new Association for all members who were good on the books on December 31,1886, and £20 to be given to the newlyformed Railway Association, £3 to Pope Fund, £3 to City Mission, £2 10s. to Conva- I leecent Home, £2 5s. to Deaf and Dumb Insti tution, North Adelaide, £1 Is to P. A. Sea men's Union, and the balance, about £2 2s., to Children's Hospital. Votes of thanks having been passed to Mr. Wilks (the Secre tary) and to all officers the meeting termi nated. Marine Board Operations at Port Germein.—The Treasuier has authorized the Marine Board to provide about twelve cross ings to the streets opposite the principal j stores at Port Germein, and to place a turnout at the north end of the line. This will be put in hand at once. The Treasurer has also approved of the recommendation of the Board to deepen a second berth alongside the jetty. This work, which will take about six weeks to complete, will probably be under taken in a few weeks by No. 4 Dredger now at Port Pirie, A depth of 20 feet at low water will be obtained at this berth. Porcine Fosterage. — At Mona Lena Station, on tbe North-WeBt track (writeB the Port Augusta Dispatch) a rather peculiar fosterage experiment was recently tried with great success. An unnatural sow, who did not think family responsibilities compatible with a comfortable existence in that part of the colony, relieved herself of them by the sum mary process of killing her litter. One little pig, however, did not go to the maternal market, and escaped the fate of Saturn's children; but in order to enable it to sur vive the troubles of porcine infancy and to fulfil its destiny as bacon, a foster mother was wanted. Luckily a collie slut who bad loBt her family was available, and the little porker was transferred to her maternal care. The slut iB now devoted to the porker, and the porker iB of course equally devoted to the slut, from whom it drawB its lacteal supplies, and who is sb jealous of any interference with her foBter child as if it were a veritable puppy of her own. When that pig comes to years of dis cretion it may possibly take to barking at strangers, rounding up sheep, and keeping a private Golgotha of old boues. The late William Chambers vouched for the truth of a story which relates that a porker brought up in a kennel turned out a first-class pointer and a useful retriever. "Rough on Riles."—Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. ABk for " Rough on Piles,' Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles, 303v The Cradock " Ghost."—The police have I laid informations againBt the members of the ' Hairdorf familv, under the 63rd olanse of the Police Act, for attempting to impose upon Mounted-conBtables Thomas and Shegog and other persons, by pretending to hold a con versation with the spirit of a deceased person by means of mysterious knocking, upon their leasehold premises in the Hundred of Moockra, in order to depreciate the value of the land, which being held nnder lease from the Crown bad become liable to forfeiture. The cases will be heard before local Jastices at Hammond on the 15th inst. Sub-section 4 of the clause under which the information is laid states that "every person pretending to tell fortunes, or uBing any subtle craft, meanB, or device, by palmistry or otherwise, to deceive and impose upon any of Her Majesty's subjects" " shall be liable to imprisonment in any gaol in the said province, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months." The Adelaide Jubilee Chess Congress —The Intercolonial Chess CongresB Commit tee met again on Wednesday evening, Jane 8. The rules and regulations, which were con sidered and revised at previonB meetings, were finally discussed and passed. They consisted of a code of twelve rules applicable to play generally. Then followed eighteen rules for the guidance of competitors in the major tournament. The same roles with four modi fications were made binding in the minor tournament. These were succeeded by nine instructions for the Playing Committee who have been appointed to manage the Congress. The prize-list in the major tourney is as follows£50 and the champion ship of Australasia, £30, £20, £10, and £5; also a special prize of 6 guineaB, presented by the proprietors of the Australasian for the most brilliant game. The prizes in the minor tourney are respectively £10, £8, £6, £5, £3, £2, ana £1; also a special prize of the value of 2 guineas, presented by Mr. J. H. Mallabone for the most brilliant game Baxter's " Chess Problems" will be given for the game with the most problem-like ending. It was reported that the Town Hall Ex change-room had been engaged. The con gress will be opened by His Excellency the Governor on August 17, and play will ter minate August 31. Entries will close early in August. The names were mentioned of leading players in New Zealand, New South J Wales, and Victoria who the committee were advised would compete. The fund waB reported to amount to £186 13s. lid. The Playing Committee consist of Messrs. D. J. Adcock, H. Barritt, A. H. Beyer, G. Chamier, C.E., J. Mann, J.P., A. W. Marshall, C. J. S. Shuttleworth, J. Sibbald. A M. Simpson, J.P., and B. M. Steele. j Mayoral Robes foe Gawlee.—On Wed nesday evening a large number of ladies and gentlemen met in the Gawler Town Halt for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of Mayoral robes to the Mayor (Hon. James Martin, °M.L.C ). Mr. John Rudall, S.M., said the meeting had been called with a view of presenting robes to the present Mayor of Gawler, not only for hiB use, but for thOBe who might succeed him. The movement had originated with some ladies, and MesdameB Cox, Deland, Wincey, Clement, .Burkitt, and James Fotheringham, and MiBses Stevens and Marshall hied done the collecting, and £20 3s. 6d. had been received. The robes had cost £14, bo that there was a surplus of £S 3s. 6d., which would be handed over to the Benevolent Association. It was consi dered that he should make the presenta tion on acconnt of being an old resident, and eo intimately connected with the Corpora tion. Mr. Hudall then gave a rtsumi of Corporation mattero, and said the town was incorporated in October, 1857. Mr. R, J, Turner, the Special Magistrate at the Port, was the first Mayor, and his friend Mr. Martin was an Alderman, and since then Mr. Martin had been elected Mayor of the town no leBs than eight times. Gawler would become the Ballarat of South Aus tralia. Mesdames Fotheringham and Bur kitt then, amid cheers, assisted the Mayor to put on the robes, which were made of gros frain eilk and sable fur. The Mayor (Hon. aires Martin, M.L.C.) was received with cheers, and saiahe thanked them on behalf of the Council and himBelf for the presentation. Of course he did not take it simply as a personal matter, because it was a presenta tion from the ladies to the town, himself in dividually as the occupier of a certain posi- 1 tion at the present time. It was thirty years since the Corporation was started, and the Mayor had acted a long time without .them, but he supposed it was better late than never. Individually he was not very iond of robes, but,of course, would wear them for the sake of the ladies. He expressed his gratitude and thanks to the ladies for the trouble they had taken in providing the robes. He hoped they would find the) had not sooilt him. Mr. B. E. Deland, J. P. (President of the Benevolent Association), on behalf of the Association, thanked the ladies for the hand some donation which wonld be forthcoming. After three cheers for the Queen the company then adjourned to the Institute, where light refreshments were spread, and toasts were enthusiastically drunk. Pat Ait Accident on the Nobth Line. — A report reached the City Coroner on Sunday morning to the effect that a farmer named George Wor den, of Gawler River, was run over by j tbe 4.45 p.m. down goods train on Saturday whilst he was in tbe act of crossing the line, It appeared that the deceased, who was J driving a horse and spring-dray, was going home, but the horse took fright just before reaching the crossing, and in spite of all his exertions it ran right into the tender of the engine. The cart was capsized, and the j deceased was thrown outamongst the trucks. Both of the man's legs were cut off below the knees, and one of his arms was mutilated. Poor Worden was picked up in a sensible condition and taken to an adjacent hotel, where he was attended to by Drs. Popham and Dawes, but tbey held out no hope of hie recovery. He was conveyed in the ambulance to the Adelaide Hospital, where he died at 9 j o'clock the same evening. The City Coroner held an inquest at the Tavistock Hotel ex tending over three days. The Jury re- J turned the following verdict: — " The Jury are of opinion that George Worden came to hiB death bv his horse bolting and colliding with the train at the Gawler Railway Station crossing, and we consider that the chain used on the crossing is quite inadequate for the safety of the public. We are also of opinion that the Government should cause gates to be erected at the crossing at the earliest opportunity for the protection of tbe public using the crossing. We further consider that there | wae a neglect of duty on the part of the rail way officials in not having the chain up at tbe time of the accident." Wells' Hair Balsam.—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, Boftens and beautifieB. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. 303v j Transcontinental Railway Commission. —Mr. Newland, Chairman of the Transconti nental Railway Commission, has telegraphed from the Peake that he expects to he in Ade laide on Saturday night. He finds that the ordinary mail will not reach Adelaide till Tuesday, so be is riding from the Peake to Strangways, and started from the former place on Tuesday afternoon in the hope of covering the hundred miles between the Peake and Strangways by Thursday morningatlOo'olock in time for the ordinary train.-*. Masonic—The installation of the Wor shipful Masters of Wooroora Lodge No. 21, Riverton, and the St. James's Lodge No. 23, Saddleworth, took place on Friday evening, 3rd inst. The dual installation was per formed at Saddleworth this year, the cere mony last year having been performed at Riverton. Owing to the absence of the R.W.D.G.M., Brother H. E. Downer, M.P., tbrongh recent bereavement in his family, the ceremony was undertaken by the next senior officer, R.W. Brother- Philip Sansom, Grand Senior Warden, assisted by V.W. Brother J. H. Cunningham, G. Sec., W. Brother F. Olifent, G.I.L., W. Brother J. Le M. F. Roberts, G.A.D.C., and W. Brother T. De Cean, G.S.B., Brothers J. Bee, J. W. Castine, M.P., and J. Moule, M.P., acting as Grand Lodge Stewards. After the oeremony the newly instated W.M. of the Wooroora Lodge (Brother A. W. Elliott) in vested the following officers —S.W., F. F. Campain; J. W., G. E. DaviB; Seoretary, C. Eh Coles; S.D., J. B. Doolette; J.D:, W. Browning; I.G., F. Norton; Tyler, E, N. Elliott. The W.M. of the St. James's Lodge (Brother George Crawford) then invested hu officers as followsS.W.t W. H. Bee: J. W.t G. Beer; Seoretary, A. A. Rodda; S.D.. W. Gurr; J.D., C. R. Beer; I.G., E. Palmer; Tyler, R. M. Lang. After the ceremony the nsnal banquet followed, at which over fifty brethren sat down. The usual loyal ana Masonic toasts were duly honoured, and a very pleasant evening oonoluded with the singing of the National Anthem. Tbe Belair Forest Reserve.—A number of men are still engaged at Belair wood cutting, for which they are receiving 2s. 6d. per ton. It is the intention of the Conservator of ForestB to keep this work going nntil the whole of the forest reserve hasbeen properly thinned. He expeots that about 3,000 tons in all will be cut. Death of Mb. H. O. Sayeb.— An inquest was held on Tuesday, June 7, at the HorseBboe Inn, Noarlunga, before Mr. Waterman, J. P.. and a Jury touching the death oi Mr. Henry Ord Bayer,, who died suddenly the previous evening while taking a. walk on the road between .Clarendon and Noarlnnga. Mr. C. Furies was foreman. Evidence having been given by the son of deceased and others. Dr. McGowansaid hehad come to the conclusion that the cause of death was disease of the heart. He should not have attempted so long a walk. Did not think medical attendance would have been of any use. The Jury returned a unanimous verdict—" Cause of death, disease of the heart; death accelerated by over exertion." Bulli Colliery Disaster Fond.—His Worship the Mayor has received from the Secretaryof the Central Committee of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund, Sydney, a letter ac knowledging tbe safe receipt of draft for £523 contributed l>y the people of South Australia to help those rendered helpless by reason of the explosion in the Bulli Coal Mine on March 23 last, and communicating the follow ing resolution paBBed " with acclamation and unanimity" by the committee:—" That a special vote of thanks be conveyed to the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Adelaide for the draft of £525, sent by him on account of the people of South Australia in aid of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund; and that the Mayor be respectfully asked to make known to tbe subscribers this committee's apprecia tion of the donors' tender as well as tangible Bympathy with those in distress." Accident to Mb. Bdrgoyne, ML P.—The many friends of this gentleman will regret to hear that a painful accident occurred to him at Parliament House on Saturday morning. He had entered the members' private room on the ground floor, near the eastern entrance, when he disappeared through a staircase leading to the basement. Access to this stair case is had by a trapdoor, which had been left open, as one of the officials (Mr. Applin) was engaged below at the time. A doctor was sent for, Mr. Bnrgoyne having been rendered insensible by bis fall, and it was found that he had received rather severe in juries to his head. He regained conscious ness after a while, and was removed to his borne. We are pleased to be able to report that Mr. Burgoyne had suf ficiently recovered from the effects of his accident to attend a meeting of members of the Independent Party at Parliament Houbb on Monday afternoon, but he is not quite well. The Chinese Commissioners.—Mr. Y. S. W. Way Lee has received a communication from the Chinese Imperial Commissioners, at present in Melbourne, stating that they hope to be in Adelaide on Saturday, June 18. They intend to leave Melbourne on Thursday next for Ballarat, where they will spend a day and come on to South Australia. The party, while in this city, will stay at the Imperial Hotel. Arrangements are being made by the Chinese colonists to give the visitors a hearty welcome. Sudden Death.—It web reported at the City Watchhouee on Thursday morning that Henry Nagel, a tailor, of Grenfell-street east, died suddenly at about 10 o'clock at bis residence. He waB seen a short time previously by a man named Adolph Dornley, who stated that the deceased purchased a shilling's worth of rum at the International Hotel, Rundle-Btreet. On returning home Dornley, who was a fellow-lodger, found Nagel ill. He was on the kitchen sofa, and said he thought he had taken strychnine. Dornley ran for Dr. Sprod, who on his arrival found the man dead. An inquest will be held. Manufacture of Worsted in Victoria. —The decision of Parliament to offer a bonus ol £5,000 for the first 10,000 yards of worsted manufactured in Victoria resulted (says tbe Argvs) in the proprietors of the Ballarat and tbe Williametown woollen mills dispatching representatives to Great Britain to purchase tbe machinery necessary to makethe material. The machinery bas arrived in the colony, and is being erected in position in tbe two factories. The outlay on its purchase has been considerable, and no effort is being spared by the competitors to turn out the requisite quantity of worsted to entitle them to obtain the bonue. Instructions have been given to the Board of Exuerts appointed to watch and report upon the manufacture of the material that they must satisfy them selves that-it is made entirely from Victorian wool, The question of what recognition, if any, shall be given to the proprietary who do not gain the bonus has net been considered by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. It was distinctly stipulated that the sum of £5,000 was to be paid to the firm or Company who produced the first 10,000 yards ; and if aDy amount is to be allotted to the Becond competitor, it will have to be by special vote of Parliament. 