We publish in another column a letter from Mr. J. Henniker Heaton on the sub ject of an Imperial penny postage, the facts and figures set forth in which are worthy of serious consideration. The chief argument on which Mr. Heaton relies is that the amount now paid for the carriage of mail matter is out of all pro portion te the freight of ordinal'/ mer chandise, even when reasonable allowance is made for conditions as to punctuality and speed. Ordinary goods are carried for £2 per ton, and our corresponded Bhows that the present revenue of the postal business between Australia and the mother country would enable the depart ment to pay £100 per ton for postal matter, and leave a surplus sufficient to pay the cost qf. collection and delivery. Under such circumstances the wisdom of continuing to pay heavy subsidies to shippiug companies may well ho doubted. The colonies have now reached a stage ol development when a moderate degree of punctuality and speed are ensured by the exigencies of commerce, and the fear ex pressed in some quarters that mails would be delayed under the proposed system, sometimes for days, while ships were waiting for cargo, aud occasionally inter mitted altogether by reason of the with drawal of vessels in dull times, is founded upon a misapprehension. It' may be cal culated that a sufficient number of vessels would sail at convenient intervals, under any circumstances, and ships the de parture of which' would bo delayed, or which might bo withdrawn, would have no mails to detain, since theso would merely be despatched by other departing vessels. It is by no means certain that too much is not made of the necessity oi speed in the transmission of mails. At one time the importance of that consideration could not have been over-rated, but a great change has been effected in the public requirements in this respect by the establishment of telegraphic communi cation. The commercial classes now avail themselves largely of the telegraph for the despatch of orders, and other communi cations respecting which the saving of time is a desideratum, so that tho punctual departure and speedy arrival of mail boats is a question which has lost much of its old importance. In arguing that subsidies to shipping companies are no longer neces sary, Mr. Heaton points out that the postal revenue between Great Britain and the colonics is now £200,000 per annum, and that this is more than sufficient to main tain a first class weekly service. This suggestion is dealt with rather disin genuously by a contemporary, who en deavors to show that by the substitution of a penny for a sixpenny rate tlie revenue .would be reduced to £40,000 per annum, out of which would have to be main- tained two other services besides the first class weekly one alluded to by Mr. Heaton. Tho fact is that our correspon dent discusses two entirely distinct questions — the mode of payment for the conveyance of mails, aud the expediency of reducing the rate of postage. By in geniously mixing up the two questions, his critic tries to discredit both schemes of tho reformer. Leaving aside, for the moment, the question of reducing the rate, Mr. Heaton desires to show that with an improved arrangement for tho conveyance of mail matter, the postal system should be self-supporting, and no subsidies be required. Having made allowance for an adequate weekly service he is not responsible for auy extravagant dissipation of tho pnblic funds by the maintenance of a variety of services whether they bo three or thirty. As regards the other question with which Mr. Heaton deals, it is Burely a fair assumption that there is something wrong iu a system which calls upon the public to pay 6d. for tho carriage of a letter weighing half au onnce, over a route along whieh merchandise is carried for £2 per ton. Without expecting mails to be carried at the same rate as ordinary goods, it may safely be affirmed tliat a difference so enormous lias no justification. The uufairness seems the greater when it is considered that, in addition to the high postage rate, there is a further charge on the public in the shapo of a heavy subsidy. That we are behind the times iu the matter of postal communication is painfully apparent, and the circumstance has attracted the attention even of foreign communities, as is witnessed by the hope expressed by tho German Postmaster- General that the Imperial Conference will, inter alia, arrange for a large re duction in postal rates. It is impossible to disagree with the conclusions arrived at by Mr. Henniker Heaton " That the " present postal rates.are a heavy, indirec and therefore a most objectionable tax on trade ; a grievous cause of the permanent separation of families; -a- hindrance to emigration from the mother country, for which, in- many case3, Australia is as dark, distant and silent a re- cepfaclo of son and brother as the grave ; ' and a stumbling block to1 nil projects of political consolidation." These social aud political considerations are of the gravest importance. The in land postage of the colony is about 36 letters per head ; whilst that between the colony and Great Britain is only two per head. If we deduct the commercial cor respondence from this uverago, % the balance is so small ns to indicate a most rcgretablc cessation of communication between the colonists and their relations aud friends at home. It is hardly to be wondered at, under such circumstances, that profound ignorance of, aud indif ference to, colonial affairs and sentiments prevail in the mother couutry. This es trangement is likely to increase as the native element in the colonics grows, aud may in tiino lead to the rise of misunder standings aud political difficulties dangerous to the stability of the Empire. Eveu now, it is cvideut from tbe tone of cho English press in discussing certain colonial questions that English public opinion is on divergent lines from that of the colonies, and that there is a want of sympathy aud a disinclination to do jus tice to colonial views and aspirations which can havo no other source than the scanty inter-communicatiou produced by high postal charges. Some of those who seem to think that the highest wisdom is displayed by tbe adoption of a policy of finality in public affairs, treat the proposals of Mr. Ilcnuiker Heaton as merely involving the surrender of revenue; but what the movement he so earnestly advocates aims at is a reform by which the increase of correspondence would be encouraged, whilst the State would ultimately be saved from loss by more economical arrangements for the transit of the mails, as well as by the an ticipated large addition to the quantity of mail matter carried. Twelve thousand miles may seem a long distance to carry a letter for a penny ; but the cost is not necessarily in proportion to tho distance. The objections raised to au imperial penny postage are almost iden tical with those urged against the inland penny post introduced by Rowland Hill. At that time, with the means of con veyance at command, it cost as much aud occupied nearly as long to trausmit a mail bag from oue extremity of the United Kingdom to . the other as it now does to send one from England to Australia. Yet the Rowland Hill experiment was a marked succesB, a public want having been satisfied, and the State, instead of being subject to a loss, has now a surplus revenue from the Postal department of something like £3,000,000 per annum. It may be said that there would be a glaring inconsistency in carrying a letter l'rom Australia for a penny whilst double the amount was charged for the con veyance of one from Melbourne to an other Australiau colony, or even to a neighboring Victorian town. That may be admitted without weakening the plea for a penny ocean postage. A uniform penny postage for the Australian colonies iB one of the certainties of tho near future, and no one would be more ready than Mr. Heaton to acknowledge that it must precede or accompany the larger measure of reform which he advocates. The Church of England Messenger invites its readors to consider why we should continue to import our Bishops from England ; and as it is a question which has a secular as well as a religious iuterest, and must be answered sooner or later, it cannot be discussed too widely or with too much freedom and unreserve. The diffi culty that we experienced in getting some reasonably qualified person to accept the see of Melbourne after Bishop Moorhouse left it for something better is a proof that the prize is not good enough to tempt tho best men, and the consequence is wo Ehall have to make up our minds to be content with the second best. No man who has not independent means can keep up his position upou the salary attached to it, and a. man of inde pendent means will prefer the culture aud comforts of a homo life to tlie roughness and rudeness of a colonial oue. English Bishops not only live com fortably out of their professional incomes, but tho statistics show that they can put by something handsome for their families when they die. /From a list before us we find that four teen Bishops have paid legacy duty within the lust 20 years on sums varying from £120,000, £70,000 and £60,000 down to £16,000, a large pro portion of which must have come out of their episcopal revenues. With the chances of making such excellent fortunes before them, to sav uothincr of the social privileges that the dignity briugs with it, it is clear that wo cannot look to get Bishops except from the class which have no expectations of preferment in their own circles. Tho Messenger makes an excep tion in favor of reserving our metropolitan sees for English clergymen "of command ing ability aud high administrative reputa tion," on the ground that the colonial article must necessarily be lacking in these qualities for some time to come. And, no doubt, tbe argument would have some force if wo could be always sure of getting such men when we want them. But it must not be forgotten that if we cannot get them we have to take mediocrities in their place, and in that case wo need not go outside the colony at all to fill up tho vacancy. The danger that we have cause to appre hend is that the mediocrities won't suit us when they come, and that they will find it out only too soon for their comfort. We can conceive nothing more distressing to himself and to everybody about him than to have over us an Evangelical Bishop of the old type whose apostolic lawn has never been ruffled by auy qf the winds of doctrine that rage about him, and who finds all that is necessary for the consolation of respectable sinners within the four corners of the Prayer Book authorised by his Majesty Ring James, of blessed memory. Such a type of a Bishop the late Mark Pattison must have had in his eye when he dilated to a friend on the intellectual antics of one who sometimes sat next him at luncheon at the Atheiueum and "put " eimpio questions, just like a littio boy, " about evolution and other modern " speculations." This is the picture of a mau who had no sympathy with the modern spirit, but was ratber afraid of it than otherwise ; and the worst of it is, Pattison tells us that this was the charac teristic of tho entire Bench in his day. Things have improved a little within the last decade or two. The world has moved on, and the Bishops have been compelled to move with it, whether they liked it or not ; but there are still plenty of pulpits even in the centres of intellectual activity whose occupants are thought to be quite good enough for the episcopate, who have got themselves a kind of fame by the in genuity they have expended upon tbe Seven Vials, the Horn that bod eyes, nnd other similar charades, and who may at any moment be commissioned by the Holy Ghost to go and evangelise the heathen on the banks of the Yam. What would be the fate of snch a man if he should happen to follow a Biahop like Dr. Moorhouse, we are almost afraid to contsmplato ; but we are quite certain that not only would his life be rendered miserable by the discovery that he was not in touch with bis flock, but he would serif ously endanger tbe popularity and damage the reputation of the Church over which ho presided. For Victorian colonists have been too much accustomed to a particular model to like & Bishop of nny other pa% tern. Dulness is sacred in a sound Divine no longer. Soundness is a sesondnry quality with them as compared with in tellectual fearlessness and robust thought put into robust form. They might put np with a Bishop that invited them to pray for rain ; but suppose he took a leaf out of Bishop Hale's book, of Brisbane, and ordered his clergy not to suffer any Actor to approach the Com- niunion tabic because the Council of Aries had forbidden them ? How many curates even, wo should like to knowt would obey the order? Aud if they didn't, what anarchy should we see in realms Ecclesiastical, and civil too ? O f course, there is a sphere in which as cvaugclical Bishop of the old type wonM have some influence for good, because there will always be a class of sinners, genteel and otherwise, to whom a lump of unctuous text is a ready bait, and who aro waiting to be caught by the fisher of souls in tho drag-net of comfortable con formity, as George Eliot phrases it. But as ouo of the social forces of the day he will count for little or nothing, except at those limited tea-tables where a reputation for sanctity is more acceptable than a secondhand acquaintance with Spinoza or 'Straus3. To go out of our way to get this sort of Bishop from abroad is not only a waste of effort, but it is not fair,to native ludUBtry in one of its most important branches. Tho Messenger insists that wo have plenty of clergymen in the colony quite capable of filling the secondary colonial sees with credit to themselves and advantage to their congregations, though it is too modest to claim the patronage of the first rauk ; and we should like to know the colonist who will dispute its dictnm. There are two Australian sees now vacant it tells us, from the resignation of the clergymen who came out from England to occupy them, and it is not improbable that before long a third see will be created in Victoria. To deny the fitness of our own clergy to fill tbem is what no reflecting colonist would do for a moment, yet it is almost cer tain t at tho claimB of the colon'al c mdidates wi 1 bo overlooked, unle s the publia take up the matter r t one of public interest and agitate in their favor. Tho cause is one on which : 11 the churches are entitled to have a strong opinion, for the monopoly of the foreigner threatens them all. Roma sends our Archbishops, Lam beth our Bishops, and Edinburgh our Presbyters ; and while we pay tbem liberally, we have no guarantee that we get what we want. They come to a new climate, new work, and new conditions of lite, and we Bet aside local ties and local experience in order to acaommodate them. We join most cordially .with the Met. scnger in asking if this is just or reason able? And, if not, what but jealousy ot each others' merits prevents us from alter ing it? 