ITEMS OF INTEREST. The arrivals at Naples of large numbers of fugitives from Sicily creates great anxiety. Catania rem -ins the chief centre oi the oholera epidemic. On 10th July thirty-seven cases and eighteen deatbB were reported. AtRo- cella, in Calabria, there were four cate? and two dta'-hr. According to information from Pietermarifz- burg, the Natal treasurer's ; financial state ment made in the Legislative Council showed that owing to improved trade the deficit at the beginning cf the year had been reduced from L223.000 to LlGf,000. It is expected that by the financial arrangements made hat ae/sion tbe deficit will ' be completely covered during the current year'. Corre spondence has been read in tbe Legisla tive Council which passed between the Secretary ot State for the Clonie8 snd Mr. John RobiDBon, when the latter was in London us tbe Natal delegate to tbe Colonial Con ference. Io is generally considered that Sit H, Holland means to csuvey that unless respon sible Government be ucoepted by tbe colony all public works -dependent on loans mnst be slopped. _ . ! Judgment was given at Lsipsio on 8th Jnly in tbe treason' trial which haB been proceed ing before tbe Imperial Court. Klein _waa condemned to six years' imprisonment in a 'penitentiary, and, Grebert to five yearB. 'Erhart was acquitted. Toe reasons assigned for the sentences are that the guilt of both Klein and Grebert has been fully proved, partly by their own confession and partly by tbe depositions of witnesses and tbe oorre- Bpondenos found to have been exchanged between Klein and Sshnaebele. It is further explained that both tbe accnied knew that their communications wou'd be received by tbe French Minister of War. In the southern parts of Georgetown county, S.O.," says the New York Herald, Is a large Bbeet of fresh water known as Dawbe Lake, widely celebrated for itB great quantity of excellent fish of many varieties. About ten days ago a terrific hailstorm of Beveral boa b: duration passed over that Beet-ion, doing great damage to growing crops and: beating large qnantities of leaves and limba of 'trees into the lake. A few daya after this Btorm the fish in the lake began to appear by thousands npon tbe surface of the water in a dying condition, the quantity increasing daily, ' until the surface of the lake waB literally covered with dead fishes. The water of this lake haB always been of a whitish colour, clear, soft, and pleaeant to the taste, but immediately after the Btorm it became aB black as ink and bitter bb quinine, in whioh condition it has sinoa continued. Dawbe Lake is about two miles long, and from two to 500 yardB wide, and varies in depth from 10 to 30ft. Adjacent lakee were not affected. Particular of a most sensational murder trial in California, the sequel of which was the lynching of the murderer, are Riven by tbe Philadelphia correspondent of tbe "Times." One Hong-di, a Chinaman, recently brutally murdered a man and a wc-man at Colusa. Cali- forn a. He was tried on 9ch July, tbe juiy finding a verdict ol guilty, and pronouncing .bis punishment to be imprisonment for life. Their verdict iucensed the crowd in court, who wanted the man banged ; and the judge said be wonid not acoept tbe decision of the jury. Everybody being armed, a wild scene ensued in tbe court- room, a hundred pistols h?»>>fr <«»<?» amid cries of "-Lj-ncb film?' 'Tbe sheriff rose and quitted tbe crowd, saying that, while be disapproved of the verdict, be hoped no. blood would be ebed in court. ' The prisoner, was then removed to gaol. A mob snrronnded ths bni'diog at midnight, broke in'and eeizac Hang-di, and dragged him out to a bridge, where tbey ha?>ged him by throwing him over the parapet with a rope sound hie neok. Tbe sheriff then took tbe body back to the gaol. ; A movement has been began at New York -fori -catting a Nicaragnayan canal under American auspices. A sum of lOO.OOOdol. in gold has been paid to tbe Nicaragnayan Government for tbe conceBBion for cutting the canal. Tbe Nicaraguayan Canal Oon> strnction Company haB been organised with 12.000.000dol. of capital, and will soon send out engineers to verify and relocate Menocal's surveys. It is expected that the company -will begin the work of excavation and of .bar hour improvement when the advising board of engineers, including Mr. Meaoc&l;, '' ?? approved of tbe surveys. . An interesting collection of piotnrea is now jing exhibited at tbe Amerio?n Exhibition at Earl's Court. Tbey prove that America ie 1-arning the business of painting in Paris, and (ae was pretty generally known before) is learning it well ; though' whether Amerioa -will long consent to rnu in French leading stiiDgs ie quite another question. The pictures painted under other than FreDcb influence are for the most part on a different and lower plane of art altogether. Such are the larger showy, theatrical landscapes of a man who hate bad considerable vegne in home parts of tbe United Statee, Albert Bierstadt, a DUsseldorf artiBt, and each the large canvas in -which the Pennsylvaoian artist Retbermel has attempted tbe almost Impossible task of representing the mfelee in the bloody battle of Gettysburg. Still, ihongh tbe painting of -this enormous pioture is faulty enough, it gives a painfully troe idea a'- the deadly straggle in whioh, to nee the Northern phrase, ' the baok of the Rebellion was broken." Ttie armies engaged were, as Moltke eald, rather two vast ' armed mobs thn trained armies; and hrre tbey are in oolliaion, thonsands mixed witb thousands in the grip of mortal oombat. ' A great public meeting was belS1 in New York on Snnday, 10?h July, at wbiob Father W Glynn defied tbe Papal exoommanicatiun. and said " I learned nnder the very shadow of the Vatioan that the man who ins against hie conscience sins against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth, even though it be h'm Wllu oita outbroncd ia the YatiC&D;, oommacds a man to do or say aiught againct hie oonecience, ' to obey ' even that power were to sin against tbe Holy Ghoet. If it- were in their power as it was onee — thank- God it ' is no longer— they would imprison the truth in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the periont of those who through no fault of their own lead Gqd'e tenth in the facts of «ooiety, in the strata of the earth, and npon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion ia vanishing lo every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the church, particularly from the Catholic Oharch. Nowhere is the eharch more bated than in the BOrcalled Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal representative at Washington is quite io keeping with tbe ?ame policy that has led tbe Pope .to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, >be Earl of Denbigh — and yon may always mistrosi English Catholics, especially an Eogiith Catholic tar, to ontdo any Protestant in bia hatred of Catholic Ireland— says that the Pope told 'bim not merely of his great esteem and affection for Ecgland, which is well enough, bnt of hi? great desire to be of nse to England. Men who have fooght for Catholicism bave been slapped in the face by the Pope to pleaie Prince Bismaiok. 8o long as the Oatholios let the Roman machine, of which the Pope is the mere poppet, do this, that machine will nse. Paddy in Ireland and the German P?ddy and American Paddy as pswne on the political ohessboard, to be told oat at "any time for what it'cMnget in return.'' Travethiek in 1810 made the first locomotive steam engine. Till his experi ment it was imagined that turned wheels wonid-givanolooomotion, and this mistake obstructed the introduction of ateam naviga tion by revolving paddlea. - r: xm ?;/>?; s::'£ 