A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT. (NASHVILLE AMERICAN.) There is nothing in Tennessee, or in tha South, whose antiquity ia bo myBteriona and entirely' beyond the domain of decent specu" lation aa the old stone fort, which is a milo and a half below the town of Manchester, . The two prongs of Duck River come withdp, say, 200 yarda of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1.000 acres in the forkB of the river, and below tha Narrows. At the Narrows the fort com mences by a atone wall, now covered with earth, running from, one river to the other, and there the walls are built along the banks of both livers down to a point where a canal had been cut ftom one river to the other ; there a wall ia made from one river to the other, perhaps a quarter of a mile. On tbe ontaide of this wall is a hollow, and in thia holiow is. the Btgn of the canal or cut evidently intended to protect the fort by both the wall and the canal. From tho upper to the lower wall, at places, there ara high bluffe on both riverB. Wherever thia bluff — precipitous — ia found there iB no wall; but wherever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entrance to the fort was- at the upper end, and the gateways show that the bnildera were doing their work intelligently. The entrance is by a narrow paaaway, with walls on either Bide, sua offsets bo as to prevent the enemy on the ontBide from having a direct entrance for themselves, and ao aa to protect tho3a on the inside from miaailee on the outside. _ The fort, contains forty- seven acres, and is, or waB, when the writer first Baw - it, be&vjly; timbered, many of the treea of- large biz® growing on top of the walla. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1808, cnt one of .the trees irom tne top of the wall and found it to_ be . about 500 rears old, One mile npthe river front the fort is an immense mound— the largest one perhaps in the country — making it pro bable .that the fort was bnilt by tbe mount! builders. Beyond thia nobody knows any thing about it. Colonel Murray, who was a man of high intelligence, claimed to havs- conferred with the Iudians of different, tribes, bnt none of tbem conld give him any acconnt of it, either by tradition or_ other, wise. Thia fort is one of the many evidences that in this country, at some remote period,' there was a race of people of more stability and intelligence thau the roving Indiana: which the first settlers ionna. . From the time of the first settlement of the country there were ghoBt Btories con nected with the old stone fort, which abont 1834 culminated in a most remarkable epi sode. In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the Mnrfreeaborongb, went out in the neighbourhood of the old fort to have a fox hunt. The country waa thinly settled, and thero were many deer. After having camped out for several dayB;. one night they saw Btrauge sightB, which1 caused them to leave next day. They were;, not communicative, but the Btory got out;; aud was much talked of. The next Fall the same six gentlemen, with nine others, went back and camped upon the same spot. It was Baid that they were quite anxious to Be® the same sights that had been Been before. But a week passed,, and they, eaw nothing, though they were quite successful m killing deer. , At the end of about a week a man named Latimer got two Bmall bogs in the neighbour hood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to aee how they - would stand a Strang® . noise, It was in the Fall, a frosty night. The hunters had a big fire and were in t, great glee. For three hours the dumb bull was made to work from different points in th® woodB at a safe distance. At first the hunters were disposed to laugh, then they got quiet, finally they commenced shooting. . Many guns were fired. This was kept up until the man and two boys left, which was , ) about midnight. Between midnight and day - I the whole fifteen men left the camp, leaving ( their meat and other things, and went to. a farmhouse, the house where the two. t>ojB who bftd been in th© mischief were sleeping. Next morning the hnnrera told wonderful stories about what they saw, how ' it came cloBe up to the fire, ana now impep vious it was to their bullets, how it changed abont from an animal to a woman, and what it would Bay. Tbe two hoya were as still aa mice, for they had stolen off from their father by the persuasion of Latimer, who was himself a hunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. The fifteen men left that morning and \ went back to Murfreesboiough to verify ami ' j make good the ghost Btory of the year before.' The Btory got into the newspapers and waa the biggest sensation that had turned up for- many years. But it- got ont that a hunter and two boy £ bad scared them away. Thia.. was denied, and the ghost theory was main-, tained with heroic verity. . '-.7 This knighthood service in the land of ghoBtetook place fifty-three years' ago. All ib® paricipante are dead but on© of thoboy® who livee to write this story and to verify ltB troth. 