Br 0. G.' FURLEY, ?IN A rns YuAn BoVnD. . Cor ... 1.i + C, The Marquns A:aina d. Is Trdnoutlle wae a mn 'of liberal principlre. The descendant of one of bhe olds?a housea in Frame, whose maemherj bhid iermarried with the Conib aoac B.,urbonr; and had 'thought it no great honou no oall the king sheir cousin, he ongns so have been a' Legitimist. He wue anophing; Orlesanrs, Republiean, lImperiallrl. t. publican again., He served every party that would give him na portfollo sod a p.neDOs, in retuin for the ornamental Ose of his ano?nt title. Be bha been Minister of Sthie for almost evrrything ; and as be was Imi attially ignosant' of all th subjects enuous?ad to him, it cannot be rsaid that he fai'ei more coneplouoeily in one capaoity thau arother. Finally, he took to diplomaey, an wase appointed Arubaseador to a S.uth American 'tate, where he dietingoilhed him self greatly, being the very pink of oourtesy, and a Paes Mater in the art of evasion. It'wa?' hile he was Minister of Fine Arts tIat I made his acquaintance. He professed to think :it hire loiia duty to patronese jouraslism, end so larashed a great deal of *?ortery on B6dL Michonnean, and somewhat lees so.'rne Georgesr Proidevaun, his oom anion on the staff of the 'Journal de Toot I. Monde.' As * Everybody's Journal' was eot, ' unfortunately, so well supported by everybody as its proprietors could have desired. I was both surpieed and flattered t"y Ite Minis er'e oIvility, till 'Michonsea ex plained, the cause of it aooording to his syicael views of men and their motives. * Moonienr de Ia Trdmeoile,'. said he,' is, like' many. cneoal domoerat, a despot in privte 'life. He thlke thabt in his C?lPreau, sid for'iwenty' miles around, he should role as supreme as hie' aneestor did in the miodle ages. ýThat might be possible. it he owned be h land' big fbers then possessed; but, being a.gimbler, and the desrandent of thiee generationioflgamblhrs, very little of is is leftto him; and be hbates those who have bought any portion of hir domain as heartily aest 'they hadl stole it.: My father, who was steward to the late marquis, was foolish nou?gh to purbhase some land nearly adjoin te the Ca.tle and thereby inoour the wrath of de Ia T,dsnoullle, who more than hinted thst he' had gainod the means of acquiring an estate by cheating his. employer. By way of retorn, my father elosed a path that fled from the Chateau to the .nearest town, direot'y 'acrors his property. The Marquis clalimed' a'" rlght"f-way, and so they raised 'one of' those great quarrels over little nsttere, whieh often form the sole exzote imeantin' the monotonoou lives of soounry people, My' father' likes quarrelling ;" he *joys it ;' it.braces, his nerves. He had edi. sensions, not only with .the Marquis, but with ail hi. neighbours, till, at lase, therewan no one Yleft to ight with ; then, nially, he quarrelled with me. I left his bhouse, eame to Pari., became a journalist, Sand after undergoing the requisite laltiation in the' astof starvingo, began to earn my liviog.' Here I met the Marquis de Ia Trbmocille, who took me up, inlvited me to his ,hone, made much of me-not be. 41anse he., liked me, or oared for literature. but because he hated my father, and knew me to-be on bad terms with him. 'That Is the' real foundation of hi friendship for me'; picture to yourself how highly I vatlu it.' ' Butl you proftbr to care for it,' I aid; s.You frequen' the Hotel Irdsouille ;;you go to his offi?oal recepliosn; y~u talk in your moat bsillians style to :his pointerest. dlog' gaese ; 'you even eoho bhi opinion- expreseing them better than he' can him elfi-ile the journal. What does to at "mean?' 1 Miobonnean smiled. ' Ab, that's dif firen.,' he' answered; ' there are reasaons, very good reasons. Are you 'eo doll that you cannot compreheod .them ' . I did comprehend. Myfriend's .' reasone' were comprised Inaone personality-that of Charlotte, de 'il Ttmoultle, the Marquis's beautiflo daughter. " '* Rne, you are mad 'I' I eolaimed. ' To let yourself lore Mademoirelle de Ia Ted. mooaille is the height of folly. You are only laying up'eorrow for yourself, and' prhaps, for bher also. You do not imagine that her father would let her marry you-a bourgeois, a Bohemian, ajournaliet I' ' I do not imagine it. I know he would forbid such a thing nla-that grand manner which lls the onlyigood quality the anolent regime has transmitted o: him; but not because I am all that you say. No; caOn piotore him pronounsiog' a paternal bens. 'dieion ca me in the same charming style ; 'and speaking eloquently of the destruction of aesle prejudines; the redtmption of arrant man through that beautiful ntstitu. tion, the domestie hearth, and the union of rank and letter--as all eoemtlifed in my marriage with his daughter-if I were rich enough. My poverty il my olts, but sofi dient demerit. For M. I Marquis is liberal 'In other thingsL than polltits. He spent his own inheritanoe with the molst rekises liberality, then showed hie superiority to mrisal distisotions by bestowinR hie coroeet ,on tCamone L vi, whose pedigree ir doubt. Ileserlooger than bie own, but whose iloome was large'y derived from a suooessful gambliog establihmecl.' It was a large Income, but not enough for the Marquis, who finally sold his claim to it for an Ilmense sum. This, too, he has spent, anad i sgain in debt. He has but one possession ,I:ft to sell-his daughter-and he 'moasll go to the man who can pay most for her. . TYo are aware of all this,' I cried, when hbe paused in hir-'eorofol. obaraterisetion 'oft the Marqgisa, and yet, knowing'tbat your 'peaselon is boeless, you take every oppor "tusity'of iidollging and inreasing it I' " What does that matter t' he retorted, 'dtopping his listless tone and speakngl with all the intensity of the Sooth 'from which he ?me. ' Does one 'ask oneself, when one -begini 'to love a woman, if one bar any hanoe'of marrylogi ou may ; I do not. 'I know that'to be near her Is happiness, to ;be seprlt from her is misery ; I know shat I:woald' asorifice anything, everything, to he loved by her again. I take my joy while I can get it ; 1 sefas it the more easgerly bceause I know it can lasi but a short time; lrnd I trust the futlore and its obhance td '-ovidene.' ' '""' And it Mademolislle' de la Tsdmonilte 'I?b? you, how will It afeoi her? Is i 4airsto iwins woman'a love if you can only cbinakher heart by it ? You admit that you enn?oit mary' her.' Women of her statiod i.d' beiuty are not'permitted to "coid 'ltinte iCatheriae." Th resuolt wll be that Stbtelher herart is yours, chb will beoome the wife "ofsome msn to whoUI ahb is, at beast -hidiforesn.' a'.' Women of her beauty aid stalitoon, mon amni,' are ist 'permitted to marry for loae. "II one will' know how lodifferent she II io jhfm bhller Iban'her husnbanod. This is not my, sifir. and I do not sbe why I should "*rie die tbe lale' happinessu l'oean now esoure for the aske 'of ea' percness who Il otill in the+ miste of futurity, nad whom ,when he appears, I Ishalldtest with all my heart. es,sDo nou think M. de rl sdemoollte knows of your parslon for.)ademoieelle Charloett ' I aLked aftera paausr,-gvnjn up .my useless coaotention. ' Wbo kbws '.. answered' Miahbonneaaui vearelelsly * Who can t?ll what tbhe marquis -knows I Hie skilliJn eaeo lieag hie knowiedge • e nsaurpeased, even by hisakill io oonoealing •'lgoiaorance.' If he iia onrlal oaf tshe love "between us-for I will admi to you thas Chbirloite does not forbid my *ffeotion-bhe ,des naot yni tbink il neossaryI to obek it, ibt havig yes releoled his deughter's hua. ihanda. Meanwhile I am of use to him In pablshbing opinions in harmooy wih his wn-not to epeak ofat girving him one or two tideas .on the subjcts he is 'upposed to manage-and my affeotion for Mademoiselle eseuree my allegianae.' ';",' Doeowthink, then, thai be plays withi Shi doebsherel'l heart for his aw end od ' la" "MNoths I M. leMarquis plals wih nolh. 'ig ; he mLakes use of al1 IshinLa, hil dauhter lnellnded. Wben she can be employed to bestter parposee than is eNr d by koapnll a '1js?obrurhbbler: in hil'tmin, I'ahall he di., imiseured n some nfloresees manner, Ib's neinre of whbloh I trusl enmirlly Ito N. de is Trdmsuile's well-known Igenuaily.' Trl I thik IEnd was unprepared for t?-e di-ag?rcabe form that logenoity wae to I In the 'frst place there appeared at the Hotel Trdmonille a eertaIn Vioomte de Bols. jolyt who,'it loon appeared, noughtthe hand of Mademotrelle Charlotte. He was as -eiery,a nobcdy eas a man with a title oou'd be. for his father had began life as Jean Jolibols, brioklayer, and did not display, either in looks or manner, any striking illoutration of the dignity of labour. But the bricklayer had broome a contractor, had made millions, and by judioiously traneposiug the syllables of his family name, had made it fit' to bear with sremlineas the title his wealth porchased for him. His ona, the Vlo.tmte Ifred, was a very fae speoimen of unmanly msanhood, under.seied, insigni8oant, cowardly, inoapable of even an amusement that made any strain on courage and endurance ; yet he was tbought to be a fiting husband for proud Gharlotte de is Ti dmooile, with the beauty she had inherited from a long line of noble ancestors enriched by the mother's O ietael grace, the scorned Boiejoly, and swore to I6otd (u hr told me) that shbe would never yield to bar father's commands; and it is true that the marquis was not able to announce -to his creditors and other--lthe betrothal that wasto save him from ruin, as soon as he desired. 'If this were any other conntry than France I wonul carry her cff and make heo mine,' orted Miohonnean, in passionate despair; ' but our laws are made to ,uit the tyranny of suoh parents as M. de Ia Tid mouilte, and I cannot marry her without her father's consent.' He was in a very:ezslperated mood, my p:or Rird, maddened waith the thought of the woman he loved being given to a man phe hated. All the cynical oolness with whioh he had intended to view the spectacle had vanished, and his anger, which was ready to diplay Itself in irritation against anyone. made him an easy tool in the marquis's skilful hbands. \- At this' time the Government.was br.in muoh abated for its foreign poliey, whichb scme condemned as rash, end othere ae timorous. At one of M. de is Tro mouille's a floiaI receptions, Rd 4 wee defending this, not perhaps from conviotion, but from a wish to please his boat, who pre sumably thought the polloy wise and right. The marquis stood.listenieg with a pleasant smile, as ihoes around heard in silenue, if not with conviction, Miohonnean's passionate, and, indeed, slever arguments; but when theme were finished, he turned to one of the bystanders and said : ' And yru, M, Enault, what do you think of all thie ' I thought-It might be only fancy-that a glance expreslisg a secrert underetanding passed between our boot and Ennult, the editor of ' L'Avenir,' as he replied in a slow, drawling acent, whiob I knew to be enough of itself to annoy my friend : ' With ail deference to M. le Marquis, who doubtless approves the astlon of his col leagues, I consider the policy whioi expeude millions of franos on arms whioh may naver be used, to be foolish and imprudent; and I hold that everyone who expresses approval of it muot be either a traitor to the true interests of his country, or ignorant what these are.' . Monsieur,' cried Redo,' '1 approve of the pltioy.' E,,ault shrugged his shoulders. 'You have already made that clear,' he answered. 'I can only say-eo mohb the worse for you, and, perhaps aho, so much the worse for the Government.: SThis alight on his literary - capseity touched Rd.d to the quick. Be was intensely senaitive; inoensely ambitious. ' You itcalt me I' he exclaimed. SDo you take the truth as an insult ? returned the other, with a sneer. The faot was that Enault was jealous of my friend; who was rapidly advanoing to the firt rank of journalism; and he was well content to quarrel with him on his own acoount, even, if he had not obliged the Minister by doing so. To Enealt's last speech there could be but one sequel. A meeting was arranged, and they fought. The editor of ' L'Avenir' was one of the beet sho.e 'in Parle. Doubtless the Marquis expected that Miohonneao, now become an incumbrance to him, would fall; and, even if he were not killed, would be laid aside for a sufficiently long time to enable him to marry his daughter to the Vicomte de Boiejoly. The result, however, was very different. Enault mised; 'while i.6,, nervous, exalted, and unskilled in the use of the pistol though he was, sent a ball through his opponent' heart. This acoident, however, played M. de In T,6?ouille's game as well as any other; and I do not tupoose that a man of hie rank, the inheritor of md'urval Ideas on the value of human life in creature 'of a lhwer caste, cared much which mere journalist was killea to it hit his convenience. For into any oare Miabonneau was got rid of. Doelliog was to be severely punished in our model new Republic; and we had to make haste in emoggling the victor over the Belgian frontier. in order to save him from at least a long term of imprisonment. He still worked for the journal, and I wrote to him regularly; but I carefully abstained from speaking of Mademoiselle de Ia Ti6mooile, bhopirg that the miserable afflair mo which he had just been conoerned would in some degree have effaced this foolish peesion from his mind. It appeared to have done so, for Michoaneau made no icrqiry after the minister or any of his connections. The duel had taken place In early winter. At the begiinging of March it was evident that it had played its part in.the sohtmes of the Marquis.; the betrothal of Mademoiselle Charlotte to the Vicomte de Bolejoly, was announced to Ihe world. The wedmyngtwa? to take plaoe at Easter. Meanwhile the poor little Vicom:e might be seen everywhere in attendance on his bride and her parents, of whom he seemed to be more or less afraid, though In other eooitety "of a more ignoble kind, he was confilent end presuming enovgb Mademoilelle de Ia T?dmonUle looked prouder than ever, and more beautiful also; but the character of her beauty was changed All the vivacityof girlhood was gone from it ; one would have said even thai the bloom of youth had disappeared from her com. plexion; the looked already like a mature woman of the world. And' yet her pride covered only a bitterness-that well nigh approobhed humility, as I fooud on tne oaoesion when I ventired to offer her my -ongrtnatutiofe, bhe lileoned In silence to my oivil phrnae, whlos her great dsrk eyes looaked steadily lito mine, eas if to deotipher how muoh truth lIy beneath my words. How, she r, ad me I .oannot say; but when I hid finished my oommonsploe remauke, ed was torming away. she stopped me, and with lips that irembled, feorced herself to asy a few words: 'Understand, M. Froidevanuz-for I wish -yeou -to keow the Iroth-thabt my father'e honoulr is Involved in my marrliage. He has entrusted the preservation of it to me, and I moustll not prove unequal to the taok.' I knew the measage was meant for another than myelif, sad therefore dared to answer it frankly. 'Madsmoielle,' I raid, 'I hold that a man has no olaim to poesess honour who cannot keep it Intsact without aid from aoohtr, even his own obild.' bShe flused slightly, and I thought she tghed. ' You are right, perhape; bnut a hild oannot say tbhat to a parent, must not I helsitated about forwarding this mervsae io Miohoneaso , and fnally decided to suppress it. Blut I ould not supplers the ewpapee, whloh onnveyed to my friend ai. e needed to know-that Charlotte.woa about to be married. True he had foreelo thit marriage, had even prophesied his own dimiesal I but it wet none the less a ebook, when hil prediOtions were so speedily tlilled. I id odeed hope that hbad taken It ealmly, for in his eteiers to me he made nomention of it; hobut I ws loon to be -ndeeeived. I wase in the Bole one daly, wtalling the pasere by lainguidly, while I meditated an article for next week's isuee of 'Lo Jougnal de Tou le tonde,' when I esaw approohing a ridfig p'rty.of three pereone-Mademoi sells de Ia T 6moltile, acoompanled, by,b her father, aend her lover. They were.goirog ates aiklgRppe, ? cthat I t cis?oald observe them oloesel , The Marquls looked at hoe arcouonand ooaclionally bowed :o o aoluoaintatiie wlta a deliciouae irel protonu' n and yet: benevolent Jaglfatlafaetin ;s his daughter, though she.held.her reins loosely and gased; abesntly lt front of 'her, sat haughtily upright; while Boirjoly started nervously at every motion of hiihotsa's head, and seemed painfully eonsolous of the necurity of hilpoition. - . Budderly, when they were about .half a dozen yards from me, I saw Charlotte'astrt and turn pale. She gave her horse a hasty out wrchthe whip, and in amoment bad passed me like a flash of lightniog, while her father hastened to overtake her, and Bolejoly, whose horse had broken sympathetically into a anr ter, joggled unsteadily behind. Turning to thepoirt where the ohangeoin the tiri' demeepoor had taken place, I sSw Rind Michonneau. He was standing behind a group of people, and was half- hidden alsoby:l tree; bult I could see his face tuinred eagerly, in the direction in which the woman he loved wee disappearing, and on it I read an lteure ygarnrog, mingled with a sad reproach, and yet more pitiful triumph. I hurried up to him. * Rdr~ what are you doing here?t' I eoxcl?med.r 'It+ is madness to ron euceh'a rikt !', He tootk.a nonotioc of my question, 'though he ,eemed to feel some pleasure at meeting me, and kept my hand in a sonialhive preeure,,a * I. it true f' he demanded. 'What are you speaking ofn' I asked in return. I IS it true' that she is to marry this Boisjoly, this piece of gilded mud Is he the idol to wahich Charlotte ie to be eacri8fed ? ,'Bay rather that he is the priest by whom the sarifoe" is performed. The viotim is oBered up to her father's pride, poverty, and selflehobese But why do you take it so bitterly ? You knew lorg ago that this most be; you yourself foretold is. ' Yes, but I did not, could not, foretell how intolerable it would be to me. And to her, too I She seemed numbed with misery when she passed.,me; and when shabe acght a glimpse of my face, how pale she grew I It is a sin that she should bse saerifeo I I will see her again. I will beseeoh her to eome to me.' 'Do not speak so loudly I' I entreated; 'do not attreet attentionl If you are seen and recognised, you know what the resull most be. And do not try to see Mademoiselle de Is. Trnmouille. She is resigned to her fate; she feels that duty' demands of her this sacrifice of herself. You can offer her no better destiny then that 'which Ises before her. Without her father's ouosent- anattainable, as yyou know-she cannot be your wife. Leave her then to suoh peace as she can find. Do not make her fate harder than it needs be,' 'I must see her-I will see ber,' he re pasted with set teeth. Bpt do not fearthat I will compromise you by letting anyone see me in your sotoety, Take no thought of me. I must go my own way ast any risk. You shall not see me again till the object for wbhich I have cometo Paris is attatned.' And before I had time to reply, he hbad left me, and was bidden by the sbtifing groupsof loungers. CHarraT II. I did not see Miohonneas, so I hal expected to do, in any of abe haunts we journalists affeet, although there, among friends end fellow workers, he would have been safe from the hands of the law. Irdeed, 'he ran litlet risk if the Marquis de la Ttdmonille had not seen him when his daughter did : but there was no doubt that, if the Minister .had recognised him, he would use any meace, fair or foul, to keep him ontof the way till Charlotte:a marriage was accaoomplished. I worried myself thinking of the com plications my friend's presence might bring about at this jonoure ; and I could foresee nothing but trouble to himself, and possibly to the unforounate girl as well. I think at was my discomposure that made me so ready to indulge jusl then in dissipations, which, as a rule, I detested. The Insoluble conon. dram of Miohooneao's fuotre troubled me so persistently, when I was not ooeupied with my work, that I was glad so take refuge from it in any plaeas where I oooli find noise, light and colour. I was thankful for the festival of Mi Cai ime, whioh came just then to break the chastened gloom of a Parisian Lent, or at least to give special exnose for some outburst of Bohemian jollity. So, one night I went to a masked ball. I left the peace of the spring night, the silence in which, out in the ballfbuilt sub orb where I lived, ones seemed almost to hear the trees borsting into bad and leaf through their hard and gnarled bra?cohes, and to inhale, as in a dream of the country, the faint perfume of some brave violet that had not yet fled from the approsoh of nman. I left these to listen to the harsh clanging of dance-musio, and the still worse discord anse of soulless, mirthless laughter ; for the glare of gae, so yellow as to hide the lack of freihcess in the gaudy, faroial costumes, and in the faces-olt one of them bright or inoo'ent-looklog, though many of them were young-which smiled, and leered, and frowned, now' beneath ,a ;silken mask, and again, hidden by only the almost equally complete protco:ion of paint and powder' and natural duplioity. I hated the scene-will you believe this of a Parislan journalist 7 though I was present at it of my own fee will. Neverthelise it was, after 'its fashion, bright and gay enough. I let my Imagination wander with my eyes, and taking scrape of overheard conversation for a groundwork, made a history for each bright-olothed figure that passed me. Take, for example, that' elown and.the columbine who leant on his arm. ' I felt his figure to be dimlyfamilitar. • I fanlced' that could laee him in some other dress than the scarlet and white of a Pierrot, sad unldis guised by the white paint and vermilion triangles on his face, I should know him for an acquaintance; but in his masquerade oostome I failed to-recognise him. His companion: was a retty, though. bold. looking girl, who wore no. mask to bide a faee that was apparently well known to many present. The two paused for a minute in a whirling galop, and stopped to rest near the oorser where I was'atanding. ' I suppose,' said the girl, that thle will be your Iet danse at a MI-Oareme bll costume, Monaiear. By this. time next year you will be a staid heusband, who will frown at the memory of themse follies of past days.' 'Not I, ma belle, It il notwritten in the marrisge service that a man ehould be trlte for the rest of blhs days. To marr is anduty to sootety, and one alwarys takes ssh duties lightly. To be happy is a daty to oneself, and'is therefore to be strietly performed. 1 shall not 'fall in It.' 'AhI thetfuture Madame laVieoomslease will have a v:oloe in deoidiog wherein your happless shaill lie.' SNot much. Mlademoiselle de la Tre mouille seeks neither her own happinese nor mine' in beacming my wile, and will, therefore; make no effort to control my, search for it afiter I am her husband.' Thbe clue to the identity of the Pierrot, 'bhoh I had bitherto fal ed.to catach, was given me by this last remark, It was .Bols So you ay no?w,'. answered his oem.. panieon, hastily i ' but believe me, after she is msrrled, a woman olalime rfghbts even while she refuse' priviliges. . Your wife may do nothing to reoueailes you tomarried Ifr; haut, neverthelese, she will objoot to your ontionlui?g the habits of your banhelor life, and you will have to' submit to hebar wishes.' S' Yoa are wrong. Ipromise you that the event will prove it. I will wager a diamond broosh against the knot of ribbone on yoear shoulder that nest year at a MI-Careme ball, I ehall be as ready as I am to-nibi to lead the cotillon with you. Will yoe take the wagegr ' 'Not unless the stakes are plaoed in my hands at once,' returned the girl witha' light laugh But do not lt . l stand still any longer, The maueie gets quleker as the end of she dance approsahe. We have time for nee more turn before it stopep.' ' They whirled away from my. slght, and I tried to put them from my memory also. In a moment I suaoerdrd, for nry eye fell on a lgnre dres?ed' as abrlgand--a 'rk r Divolo with long cloak, peaked broad brimmed hst, cad a mes?t that did more than pretend to conceal the faoe below. Bus I ko,.w tet man too well not to recogni's who it was that 'was ohnging 'about the ball-room, keeping iU' li his we?deringe, his eyes steradily flxedbn' theb 'entrance. - SI'weni op to him hastily. "'Rene.' I ex laimed is a ~troubled whieper,' why are you here ? Dro you know whit a risk you run ?' * P Froidevauox Is it you ?' he answered, with some irritation in his tone. 'I thought you were too grave to visit each a scene. But ?inee I have met you I will ask your help, for, as you will believe, I do not wish to' show 'myself more than ie ,necessary Keep near the door and watch' for a tall lady in a blue ominbo. When she comes. addrers her-she will know your voice, and she is aware that you are my friend-and bring her to me. I shall be In the aleove at the end of the salls.' * Do you mean thsat'MdemJselle----?' ' Hush I do not meniin her ncme here. Yes,':he Leas' prcmieed to meet 'me ones more; and we are safer from detecrotion here than in the most deserted spot in Paris. There s sno solitude like that of a crowd"' 'I doubted this lest proposition, but I had noepportunity of diiputinm it,for Michooneau turned and loft me, and I ad no alternative butto repair to the poset he assigned to me. I removed my maek, having no reson of my own to fear recognition, and so simplified the task of winning the oosfidence of Mademoiselle de Ia T inooille when at last she appeared. I felt her hard tremble as it lay on my arm, while I led her up the room. It was not strange that she should he afraid. It was long past midnight, and this ball was a place which women of her station ate not sup posed to visit. Her parents and her betrothed selieved her to be asleep in her own ohamber. while she was stealing out masked and die guired to meet a forbleden lover Michbonseau sew her agitation and was asgered by it everything angered him now, poor fellow I . 'You seem distressed, Mademoiselle,' he said, as he took her hand. 'Can you wonder?' she answered. * It is the height of folly in me to come here 'to meet you.' 'Yet it is not the first-no, nor the tenth time, thab you have left your father's home after nightfall, to keep a rendezvous witb me.' ' No, but formerly it was different. I en dangered no one but myself, and I even wlhed sometimes that I oould be discovered, for then my father would have felt oom pe'led to give .me to yon.' But now I You know how I am placed, I am within a few weeks of mynmarrisge-a marriage which is forced upon me, yet fron, which I dare not wish to escape. On its taking place my father's hoe, ur and oredit depend. Any chance might bring the knowledge of what I have ventured ta.night to the eeareof . de Boioj'ly. Then what could I expect but that he would refuse to make me his wife, as hold. log me unot to keep his name abovesonedal. And if he explained his reasonso-- A I' .She stopped abruptly, and barely sop. pressed a scream, for Buit oly, passing by the alcove, bad glaned at its oeeupante, and dlisensegling himself from the olinging grasp of his columbine, had come forward and laid his hand on the blue domino's arm. " Mademoiselle de Is Trdmouille, do I see you here-you I' he asked in a low, but furious voice. She trembld so that she onuld scarcely speak.' You recogeise me I' she faltered. 'Yes,' he replied. ' Your disguisoe I admirable, and soffiolent for' the w6rld in general; but the' man who meant to mnarry you in a fortnight is, is he ought to be, able to recognise you under any mask-even that of ingenue, which you have hitherto wor.' Milhonneso interposed. ' Whatever rela tion this lady may bear to you in future, remember that she is for the moment under my protection, and that whoever falls to address her with respect must answer for it to me.' 'I hqve no doubt,' said Boisjoly,' that I shall be better able to reply to yooa demands than you will be to answer mine.' • ' The means of settling all questions is easily obtained, nor nee we waste much time in argument.'' Oh I' what do you mean ?' cried the frightened 'girL' Mademoiselle, this is not a place for you,' said her betrothed, letting the question pase; ' allow me to conduct you so your carriage,' Again Mihbomnean interposed with his neow oharaoteritio needless petulance. ' As Mademoiselle oame here-to meet me and not M. de Boiejoly, I claim the privi. lege of being her eseort.' Charlotte gtazd derpairingly from one, to the other. As the rivals had already quite soffilent eause of quarrel to satisfy belli 'gerent souls, I thought I mightrventure to .make some attempt at calming this petty difference, and offered my services for the trivial task. Mademoiselle de Is Tr6moulle aeeepted my offered arm, and turned from Bidd with , out farewell. To Boijoly she said in a trembling voice : My father and mother know nothing of this folly of mine. If it bepossible, spare them.' " The Vleomte bowed. ,' I trust to arrang this affair ia snob a manner as to income mode neither you nor your family. -In any ease you may be sure that 1 know how to respect the honour of a noble name.' She must have known that any loselble 'arrangement' must' Involve danger. to her lover, yet she walked away without even a glanoe at the man whom love for her had brought to such grevious peril. She had rlekedmeoh for Miohonnoa, buot'shbeared most for herself after all. 'It is true, however, that she asked me in a whi.per, 'a I placed her in one of' the Seores that were waiting outride, 'Most they fightl 'I fear it cannot be prevented.' ' Try to do so,'. be implored. ' Beseech them for my sake, to part in pease.' I promised :to comply with" her request, though I knew it to be hopeless; and, indeed, when I returned to the ball-room neither ?r.d nor Boiejoly was to be seen. I looked around for them, but vainly, and though I asked the columbine, who had been Bole. joly's partner, if she knew where hbe had gone, she could give me no information. M. Ie Pierrot had left her very abruptly, very rudely; eh- had no further initerest in him. And she added, with a glaise that was meant to be bewitching, ' As both our oompanions seem to have deserted us, monsiser, shall we not oonsole eaoh other ' I turned away impatiently and left the plaoe, troubled and irritated in. mind. Nothing seemed left for me but to go home, for I knew not where to seek therival lovers, and I wholly despaired of infiuenlog either of them, even if I could find them. I walked along, gloomily revolviog the possible lune of Miehonneso's. mad love, until, as the night faded Into grey, and ths springmorningdawneadabilend draped in mist, the appeial question in my mind seemed to lore its sharpness of outline, and blend vaguely with the aloud of sorrow and wrong, whl?h I felt to be overhanping thl great sleeplig oiy. I lived, s I have said, in one of the unofinished suburbs-a poor one, which would never be oocupled by any but workmen, tradesmen of the poorer oelase, and an 'occasional struggling writer like myself. The blocks of houses, eiperi. mants of spetulative builders, loomed gaunt and spectral through the mist; tbeymight have been the roins of past ages instead of the barely finisbed ereotlonl of y?eterday, as they waited till a counsaetling row of build legs should link them together. Between them lay felds--desolate fields; which Ihe elity had invaded and taken posesslon of, as being eonventint spoel in which t oenet reftoe, or store she bricks and stones of futsore walls ; but where' newly-mated birds mtill along to,the homes they had built in Ibheir hereditry trees, and familiar flowers made brave efforts to bloom, in spite of the surrounding sgpoke and grime. T£hese fields always struck me with a penullar feeling of depression; they were gloomier t i ibae than the loneliest nonnery lane. A brooding sadness seemed to overehbng them, 5e if they were haunted by the prophetlo ghosts of the inmates of the'dwelllgse that were to arlery opon them. The veryry y of biaid; too early diaterbe4 in' iti. neat, ceeinsto 'my fretfol ear to, bare a human siund.?. SWasl ft not .a human ory ? I heaud it ageat, thsle time it seemed to articulstae. SHelp me, for Heaven's saes,' I thought it .-i 0 ; sua at the e?a?e mm.Tnt I saw as I atrained my eyes to pierce the morning •e ., a fgore ruoning towards me, doubt. lees in search of help for s.me irjured comrade. Yet surely it was the strangest being that ever sooght aid for one in danger or pain I t was a man draped in a long cloak, which, however, floati g behind him as he ran, displayed the piebald etaolet and white of his face and garments. It was the Pierrotof the masked ball-the Viaomte de Bolejoly. ' Vicmte I' I exolaimed as he approached me, and tiled to eateh him as he paised ; but be eluded my hand and fled with a switnesu that defied pursui.i Then I buret through the reoant and tattered hedge, and hbryiong onwardlfourd what Iknew mseet be lying somewhere, the brdy of my poor friend, Rdt 6 Miohooneao. He still lived, but the blood was pouring from a bullet wooud in his longs, and the dessthddw was gathering on his brow. One haed, from whieh the useless pistol had dropped, was clutching in agony at the dsluted graes; I took the other in mine. and strove to raise him and to staunch the wound. Be seemed to recognile me and to feel no surprise at my appearing at that moment. ' noo late, Glorges, too late,' he gasped. Then reoerring to the event of the previous hour-' Bhe will get home safely ?' he in. quired. ' Doubtless,' I answered briefly, feeling at that moment a most bitter indifference t,, the fate of Charlotte de Is T.moutille. 'I have died for her,' he went on-was it madness oa my part to think I heard a gertain triumph in his feeble voice? 'It is worth doino, this-to die for love of a woman, and yet-yet-I doubt if she was worth it. Who knows? ~Vomen are weak and selfish, even the best of them ; and she will be happier in the future if she has not loved me too well.' His voice died away, as the llfe.blood ebbed from him. In the lass few momenta his mind wandered, whether to past or future, who shall say? For his last words. before he fell back still nd lifeless, were, ' Embrasse mol, ma mdre,' aoompanied by an untsretaehing of the arms, as if he, indeed, sought to clasp in them bis long. dead mother. In due course I laid an information against the Vicomte de Bolejoly. It was laughed at. The Vioomte swore that he had gone to bed before midnight on the evening I spoke of, had never slirred iill his valet brought him his orflee at eight o'lock next morning, and had not been at a masked ball since Carnival time. The valet confirmed his raster's statement, and I oould not call Mademoieelle de Ih Trdmoeille to witness to the truth of mine. I hknew that, had the choice lain with Bdrd, he would rather a thouseand limes that his death should remain unavenged than that a shede of soandal should fall on her. I submitted to eironmetaenee, and so, un interrupted, save by such pangs of memory and consolenoe as may venture to atitack personages of the ' grand mouds,' a gay wedding took place at the Madeleine, and flowers were scattered, and opera singers sang, and an Archbishop made Alfred de Boiejoly and Charlotte de In Trdmouille man and wife. And if the bride looked deadly pale beneath her wreath of flowers, and the bridegroom strove vainly to hide sulienlees with smiles, the satisfaction that beamed on the countenanee of the Marquis Alain de is Tremoutlle was perfect and sincere. Do you wish to hear more ? The Vioomtesse de Boijoly, after sie months of the most reckless gaiety, extravagant and eccentrio even for Paris, suddenly retired to the country, where she has remained ever since. Rumour says that she has gone mad. Meanwhile the Vicomte spends most of bhi time at Monte Carlo, and is dolog his best to kill himself with absinthe. Miohonnean Is not wholly unavenged. 