Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 15. STRANGE STORY. By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strarge one. Ia it true? I do not know. Judged from the stand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and is to me, I cannot bat believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which cannot be explained, and whioh "will not be explained away. We live oar visible life, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable golfs, that behind us being the irrevocable paBt, and that before, the in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, soience tells ns nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune In this fair land of Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same age as my self, and I was deeply attaohed to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attached to each other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day, should become, as they were, lords of the soil. Bnt to become squatters, it was necessary for ns to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and acting on the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not suit oar ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lacked the epice of romance attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out be neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable—on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station would we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of squatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and " break as in "—for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Sootchman, which was rituated on the upper part of the Goulburn river in Vic toria, and whioh embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Maogregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were tamed out really good bushmen. So much so that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to us that we should take the sole charge of the station during a visit whioh he proposed to take to the old country. Nothing could have suited us better. Toung, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi cally " bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae's, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Our house, as we considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the home paddock, and that sloped away pist a small creek that formed one of the affluents of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills abont five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Macgregor's Gap," and be ing the sole means of communication that existed between our peaceful valley and the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the house waB closed, for there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly UBe. We each had a bedrcom, entered from the front 'verandah, and our common Bitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our office, smoking-room, library, and music-room, for Mr. Maogregor had a good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the nse of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Alec. Payne, the head stockman, who slept over the stables, an ugly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for ns generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannised over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome colley slut named Fly, who looated in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at con siderable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, except when they came to the house for rations, or on other business. Halcyon days, indeed, were those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in the Goulburn, Bhooting in the hills, kanga rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who could have been happier than Jack Alleyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The blacks took to spearing our oattle. Why they did it we could not tell, for we had always treated the few who had shown np on the run with the utmost kindnesB. Where they came from we could not conjec ture, for there were practically none belong ing to our immediate neighbourhood. None, in fact, of any acaount, nearer than the Warrigal tribes of Gippfiland. They werejferooious and misohievoQB enough we knew, but we could not imagine that they *wouia leave their native haunts so far away the southward, and crosa the all bnt inac eessible fastnesses of the main range to do us an injury. We conld not acoount lor their presence, we could find no reason for their acts, unless, indeed, they were some wander ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. But there was the unmistakable fact. We were first made aware of it by Alec, our head stockman, riding up to the house in Lot haste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, so be informed us, been ont to one of the oattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our choicest breed. The blacks had carried off some of the flesh, and had left the rest to the hawks. Was he sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house as fast as he eonkl, to see what was to be done. What was to be done ? Ah ! that was a poser. Find the marauding scoundrels. Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our counsels, sat up late that night discussing the matter, al though with but little result further than that .we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in futnre. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never could come across them. Had we had native traekers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have a wonderful inEtinot, and a natural love for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in trackfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but so it is—but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the bushcraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an occasional beast for foodi they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for Bheer love of bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, treacherous and vindictive aB they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stookman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, could we have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate ourselves in having got rid of our troublesome visitors, when almost simul taneously we beard of no fewer than three fine young head of cattle being found slaughtered in widely different parts of the run. We were at our wit's end, but clearly something must be done, and at once. This kind of thing could not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent it 1 Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again we held a oouncil of war, and again we felt ourselves powerless to cope with the evil. We felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in the dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the north ward of us, we were unable to say. It is as certain however that they were not located on the run, as, had they been, we Bhould have been sure to have fallen in with the markB of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurleys of branches of bark. We sat late in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to ride over to Carfrae's the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best be done. Perhaps that was the beBt thing after all, for Mr. Garfrae had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the savage tribes, and the best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unaccountable repugnanoe to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts te induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able " Onr plain duty is clear," he said, " we have already lost something like a score of our prime cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to the mischief, and unleES we take some decided step there is no telling what the result will be." I could not contradict this, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. ,l Never fear," he replied cheerfully, " I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within cooey of me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him until he was out of sight, shading my eyes' with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneaBy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not come. I blundered and bungled through my corres pondence for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellerson the Threshold" of which we read, I had no dis tinct comprehension, but which was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almoBt oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumber. My dreams, if dreams they could be called were, as my waking thoughts had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, bat all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so in expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to ice. I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door. As I stepped out upon the verandah, Fly, our collie dog came whining and orouching to my feet, and crouched tremblingly behind mo, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had seen Btart for Carfrae's some hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on 'his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood welling from a aeep gash in bio breast. I stood as if turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to Fpeak, powerless, almost, to think. Wag I stii] dreaming? No. There he was, plainly palpable before rr-e. I felt my eyes dilate. I fei; ray hsirst:lT-;u on my Iiead. I felt my heart throb as if it would bnrst, and st;ll all I ccu:d do was to gaze entranced and spcll-b^und in silent, nameless hosror. My breath c^rae fast and tbiek, and as it came nearer ? nd still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke " Jim'." Tije form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smile spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air. Was I then mad? No, no, a thonsand times no, although it was surely enough to have driven me so. I was as sane as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. Z tell you I saw it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. 1 did know it. I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and hatles3, costless, as I was, gallopped down the home paddock. Where was I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of thi3 foul deed, for that a foul deed had been done I knew only too well. I headed for the rocky bluffs that formed the Gip, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think of danger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, Bsvengel Revenge! Soon I reached the Gap. All Btill, all silent. The grim walls hemmed me in on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy defile I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save the clatter and ring of my horse's iron shod hoofs over the rough boulders, I dismounted, and slowly led my horse over the rr gged track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly soli tary grew the scene, a quarter of a mils, half a mile, a mile, and then— At last. There he lay. Yes, there he lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead 1 Dead! Alas! Alas I Dead 1 Dead 1 Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A spear thrust which entering his back, had come oat at his breast, and had cleft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on hi3 back, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, as if in mockery of my unutterable woe. Do I feel shame in saying that the tears fell hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold face, that my kisse3 were impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldum, but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wistfully into the face of my dead friend 1 know not. I felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven sent relief to my over charged feelings. The grim defile, the bush beyond, It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. Bat the awakening, oh! the awaWiif-. But the awakening, oh! the awakening. I found myself lying on a couch in the front room of our house. I awoke a3 it might be after a heavy sleep and I knew not where I was. For a time I lay only partially con scious, yet still entirely conscious of s=» ing forms I knew around me. Alec. Payne, Doctor Eae from the township, and a female with a face strange to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inex.ricable con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell back on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gapping was the voice. "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God," ejaculated the Doctor, " the worst is over. Mind and memory are return ing." " For a time I lay still, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, been found lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Alec. Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank God, the danger was past. As for the appari tion I had seen, Dr. Rie discoursed lear»>f"lly on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless—that at the time I saw it, or was supposed to have seen it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on the ravages made on our stock by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out come of a heat oppressed brain, all the rest of it, by whioh scientists try to explain the an explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense would tell me that he was right, and that it was only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no donbt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, bat for all that, 1 say, as Shake speare says " There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever yon dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what yon will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before—I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri which have been brought to Vienna from EI Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence o! a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 4ft. long by 1ft. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given, butTrofessorB Kara bacek and Wesseley believe it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride< groom was named Theon, the bride Mariai She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for '* an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de scribed as belonging to the town of Justian opolis. The editors declare that they can find no mention of this place among any lists of the towns, etc., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Bur. mah, the latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to black. Bnrmah also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of whioh is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Moore this grass derives its name from the large, round, shining frnit it bears, in which can be traced some resemblance to tears. It occurs in Japan as well as the Asiatio continent. Gli 