Cardinal Moran in Brisbane. INVESTITURE OF ARCHBISHOP DUNNE. The ceremonies in connection with the investiture of Archbishop Dunne with the Pallium, at St. Stephen's Church, last Sunday, were carried out in a manner that has never before been witnessed in Brisbane, and must have been a great surprise to those who were present. Long before 11 o'clock, the hour at whiohthe celebration of High Pon tifical Mass was to commence, the church was well filled with people, and during the service it was crowded to its utmost limits, the aisles being filled with persons who could find no seats. It was estimated that there were about 3000 persons present. The decorations of the church wore elaborate and beautiful. The attention of everyone on enter • ing the church was at once turned to the sanctuary, which presented a rare picture of rich colours tastefully harmonised. Behind the now marble altar ;i lar^o cardinal-coloured curtain, the gift of Mm. Buchanan, was hung, looped up with cords and tassels of tho samo colour, the dark shade Hotting off tho pure | white altar to perfection. Above the curtain and running tho whole Tircadth of tho eastern wall was a massive gilt cornice, immediately under which, in letters of gold, was tho inscrip tion, " Quam delecta Taberntuula, Ttta doinint Virtutua Cowupenclt et deficit aniuui mta in Atria Domini " (Psalm lxxxiii). An additional throne had been erected opposite that which has formerly been in position. The Cardinal's throne on the Gospel Bide of the altar was superbly decorated. Hanging from each side of the*eanopy were draperies of cardinal phish lined with cardinal satin, the top being bound with a gilt mounting, the buck draped with Indian gauze, a most expen sive material. The chair was of the bent-wood type, with cushions of cardinal plush. On the opposite side stood the Archbishop's chair, which was also magnificently decorated. It was something similar to the Cardinal's, with the exception of the chair itself, which was mounted with white satin and flowered crewel work. Tho prie-dienx wen of the same character. The green gem-patterned carpet, with its shining brass rods, looked very rich, and the golden candlesticks—which cost £50— and vases on the altar added much to the some, while the altar itself stood out in bold relief from Its sombre-coloured surroundings. With out doubt, tho dressing of the sanctuary was a fine piece of artistic skill and taste, and reflected the highest credit on those who had charge of that important part of Bun day's ceremony. The body of the cathedral also presented a pleasing appearance, each of the pillars was festooned with ferns and ever greens, while the capitals were girdled with chaplets of flowers. The pulpit was neatly covered with purple and cardinal velvet, a large cross of cardinal being worked on the front. A large draping of white and cardinal hung over the front of the choir, and viewed from the opposite end of tho cathedral looked very pretty. The function commenced precisely at eleven o'clock with tho vesting of Dr. Cani, the offi ciating Bishop, in Ms pontifical robes, which took place at a faid- stool in front of the altar, assistant priests, a deacon, and sub* deacon being in attendance on his Lordship, while the. altar boys, wearing purple soutane and white surplices, were also present. AU eyes were then strained to catch a glimpse of the prooeesion, which had been formed in the dory's sacristry. and took its way by the northern side of the edifice to the main door, thence by the central passage of the nave. The precession was led by a cross -bearer; fol lowing were acolytes carrying lighted tapeta, alta^Doys in purple surplices slashed with cardinal red in honour of the occasion. Next came the clergy, and then his Eminence, robedin the red silkof bisoffico, and his longtrain being carried by three pretty little boys, Charles and J. Buchanan and W. Moylan. These chil dren formed a distinct feature of the procession, they being vested completely in cardinal red, with the exception of their surplices. With hia Eminence ana chaplain entered the Archbishop and his chaplain, both prelates being in eaopa magna. When the procession reached the altar the Cardinal was conducted to the Archbishop's throne (he holding precedence on such an occa sion, as he was the representative of his Holi ness the Pope). His Grace, Dr. Dunne,took his plaoe in the Beat prepared on the Epistle side of the altar. The Pontifical High Mass was then prooeeded with as usual. The mass was full choral, and the singing of the choir was mnoh admired. The music given was as follows:—(1) "O Cor Amoris" (Lambfflotte), solos sung by Miss Kelly; (2) " Kyrie Hebon" (Haydn's " Imperial Mass \ solos by Mrs. Kelly; (3) " Credo " (•• Imperial Mass % solos Mrs. Kelly; (4) Offertory (Bon. flchi) " Beata Nobis," sung by Messrs. Sim monds and Asken; (5) "Sanctus" ("Imperial Mass "), chorus; (6) "0 Sacrum Convivium " I (Gellespie), sung by Madame Winblad and Miss M'Phewon; (7) " Agnus Dei" (Gloria), sung by Mesdames Kelly and Winblad; "Te Doum " (De Monti), solos, Miss Kelly. After pontifical high mass the investiture took place. But before we proceed to describe the ceremony it might be useful to state what the Pallium v. The Pallium, which is sent by the Pope chiefly to archbishops and apostolic legatee; and also some suffragan bishops, is made of lamb's wool, dottod,with purple crosses, and in breadth about 3in. It is worn on the shoulders like a sapular. The wool with which it is made is taken from white lambs, which are blessed on the feast of St. Agnes, in her church, where the relics of the youthful virgin were discovered daring the Pontificate of Paul V. in the Nomentan-road, and are taken to a convent till they are shorn, and of their wool the Palliums are made by the nuns of St. Lawrence in Panisferna. Previous to the blessing of the Pallinms by the Pope, they are laid for the whole night preceding the festival of St. Peter on that apostle's tomb. The Pallium was worn in a different form by the Roman Emperors, and when Borne became Christian her rulers sent it to distinguished bishops as a mark of the Royal Priesthood of Christ. St. Isidore, of Pelusium, explains at Jk length the myatio signification of the PaDitfm. ™ Itu regarded at aa emblem of humißty and charity, patting the prelate In mind that he ought to seek out, hi imitation of tho Good Shepherd, the lost sheep of his flock. Pope Svmmaohus sent a Pallium to Csesarius, Arch bishop of Arlee, his Vicar in Gaul in the sixth century. Sometimes it is received from the Pope in person, as was the oase of St. William, Archbishop of York, in the twelfth century. The Pallium is buried with the aroh bishop at his death, and if the prelate should die before he receives hie Pallium it is burned and the ashes put into the saorarium. Such in brief is the use and significance of the Pallium. When the celebration of the mass was oom pleted, the Bishop of Rookhampton and his assistants had left the Banotuary, the Cardinal was Tested in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop assumed a chasuble and all other vestments bosoming to his dignity except the mitre. His Eminence, crorier in hand, then ascended the altar steps and took his scat on a fald-stool on the predella. Father Fouhy approached the Cardinal and tendered him two Apostolic Briefs relating to the proponed investiture. The Cardinal handed them back to Father Fouhy, ordering him to read them. Some ten minutes were occupied in the reading of these documents, which were written in Latin. After this the Archbishop knelt at a prie-dim before his Eminence, and recited a profession of faith, finishing with an oath on the book of the gospels, testifying that thiß profession was his belief. Ho then took the oath of spiritual allegiance to the Sovereign Pontiff. The Cardinal, rising from his seat, next took the Pallium which had been spread out on the altar, and placed it upon the shoulders of the Archbishop, at the Bame time reciting a prayer. This con oluded the ceremony of the investiture. Cardinal Moran was then rooonducted to his throne, and, having been divested of cope and mitre, prooeeded to the pulpit and delivered a sermon. His Emiwbncb chose for his text the words of the 83rd Psalm, ••Glorious things are said of thee, Oh city of God," and prooeeded to shew that these words of prophecy had a realisation in the Holy Church, in the manner of its founding, in its history, and in its actual con- ilticm. The prophrt Isaiah had predicted that It wm to be » mountain on the top of a moan tain—to visible that none oould ignore its existence—and that all nations, kings, and peoples would flock towards H. It was also prophesied that the seoond temple would surpass in Hs glory that of the first, and this prediction had been home out. The seoond temple was more glorioae than the first, be oause Christ dwelt in H. In its founding it was glorious, because the Almighty had chosen lor its first pastors twelve poor unlearned fisher men, who Ikad neither influence nor worldly power, and this was to show unto all men that the Church was God's own work, and " that no flesh may glory in his sight." But when these men went forth into the world it was*'to teach." "Go," said Christ, "and teach all nations," and hones they went into the actual missionary field, and indeed laid down their lives in the cause which they gloried in. Had these men been Oreek or Koman philosophers they would have probably written books about the religion that had come to them, and they would have kept out of the dangers that lay before any who prof eased that religion, but the command of Christ was sufttoient for them, aadtfcast poor illiterate men were •uscsaatuiia thjumteatfai oitjb* a*daous duties kid upon them. Whan Christ chose a ruler from asmongst these twelve apostles, Be selected wane* P-the weakest of theem all. To him He committed the pastorate of the sheep sad lambs of God's floak; him He made the rook oawmoh His Church was sebs built, against whisk the gates of hell should not prevail. To him He gave the power of budmg amd of kwsing, aal finally £ was to hum the Saviour said. "When you areoon verted, confirm voaravcthrea." la its his tory also the Catholic Ohmrch realised the pre dietioasof the Psalmist. For SOO rears after the coming of Christ it was a capital ufleaee to profess Christianity, and during that time all thftitosßaa Pontiffs safmred death by martyr- I dom, yet in this was foaad the secret of the power of diffuaioa that was aa inhesitaaos of Christ's Church. It derived life from death, and, as TertuUiaa said, "the blood of martyrs became the seal of Christians." Daring those osntariss the power of Imperial Boms, which then meant the whole power of the secular world, was exerted for the destruction of the Catholic Church, yet in vain. When that Empire was dismembered the rulers who from time to time obtained sway ovtr its different fragments unsheathed the sword to foroe the Church to admit their own corruptions into ha bosom. But she prevailed against these tyrants, and outlived them. Not only did she outlive them, but in those vary oentunes she flooded Europe with her own light by the establishment of schools and universities, and by the number of saintly men who laboured for humanity under her standard. To-day they saw the " glorious city of God" in all its widespreading dimaosioas. It had a hold not only in every civilized country on the globs, but also in many which were considered cither wholly or half barbarian. She was the Church of Kings and the Church of the poor, but above all she was the Church of the people, because although she counted Emperors, Kings, and other potentates among her children, nevertheless, it was the poor who formed the vast body of her flock. She spoke in thousands of tongues, and she was represented in every region and in every race; yet her people were allchildren of God's Church, having only one faith and one belief. This was all f©reordered of Christ, and it was one of the ** glorious things" that were said of the " city of God." In His prayer the night before He suffered Christ askod His heavenly Father that His disciples might ever be one as he and the Father were one—that the same band of indis soluble union which bound the three persons of the blessed Trinity might for ever bind the members of the Catholic Church. And whatwas tha material of thisohainp Christ said in the promise in which He informed Hia disciples that their unity would for ever remain mvioW-"I trill seadthc Holy Ghost, the spirit of tooth, who wfll teach yoaatt things, and who will abide with you for ever." Tho Church was one because she was boimd togethor by the Spirit of God, and because her teaching was the troth which never varied; she waa one because she never changed and would ever re main unchangeable—error ever varies, truth remains always the same. In a sanctuary of the Roman catacombs—those eloquent sepul chres of their forefathers in the faith—there was a sculptured representation of the prophet Elisha's ascent into heaven and of him leaving his mantle behind him. This meant that if the prophet was taken away the Almighty never entirely deprived the world of true teachers and prophets, and so that day, in the ceremony in which his hearers had just assJsted.Jthe sacred pallium with which their beloved Archbishop nad been invested had been taken from the tombs of the apostles, and blessed by the successor of St. Peter, the Vicar of Christ, to show that their prelate in herited a still larger share of the gift of the Holy Spirit which Christ bequeathed to His apostles. His Eminence then congratulated the pooplo on the advancement which Catho licity had mode in Brisbane, and genorally throughout Queensland, and said that the rank which tho Holy See had conferred upon Bris bane by placing it on a footing of equality with the great metropolitan Sees of Christen dom, waa a recognition of that advancement. The CardinalprayedthatthisprogresßWould con tinue, and that the Archbishop would be spared to wear the pallium for many peaceful yean to his own sanctifioation and to the salvation of the souls committed to his oare. After the sermon his Eminence descended from the pulpit and returned to his throne. The clergy, acolytes, thurifor, &c;, then re formed in processional order and returned to the clergy saoristry by the same route as they had taken in coming, the choir, meanwhile, singing the Eoce sacerdos magnus (Webbe) and the Laudato (Zingarelli), the tenor solo in the latter being taken by Mr. B. Simmonds. 