Disputed Ownership of the Ghost. A matter of some interest to persons who are concerned in the giving of public entertainments was brought before Mr. Marsh, S.M., at the 'Water Police Court. It appears that in December last a Mr. D'Arcy Read entered into an agreement with a Mr. Francis Dyer to produce an entertainment or exhibition known a8 the ' Ghost,' Mr. Dyer agreeing to pay tho sum of £100 to Mr. Read, with certain conditions as to re-payment, &c.;, and a provision that the ' Ghost ' apDaratus was to be his (Mr. Dyer's) property until he was repaid or the termination of the performances in Sydney. The exhibition was duly produced, but Mr. Dyer forreasons of his own becoming dissatisfied, entered the old Masonic Hall (where the entertainment was being held) one night and seized tho whole of the apparatus, together with a quantity 01 J»ir. Head's personal property. Thereupon Mr. Read interviewed a magistrate, and laid an information, upon which a search-warrant was issued. The apparatus and goods were found and seized by the polico at Nos. 21 and 23, Windmill-street, and brought before Mr. Marsh, S.M., for disposal according to his directions. Mr. Richards appeared on Mr. Read's behalf, and Mr. Dighton represented Mr. Dyer. After a long discussion between the solicitors and tneir clients, it was ultimately agreed that an order should bo mado for tho personal property— apparel and such like — to he handed over to Mr. Read, and that Mr. Dyer should lake possession of tho 'Ghost' apparatus — tho latter order being with all future rights reserved; i.e., the fact of the delivery of the 'Ghost' apparatus to Mr. Dyer shoul^ not prejudico any action which Mr. Read may think fit to take hereafter. 'So Miss Blank is married?' he inquired. 'Yes.' ' I heard that her father gave her a cheque for 10,000 dollars.' ' Yes, he did.' ' Was it good for anything ? ' ' Well, that's the point that puzzles everybody who was there. They were all crowding around to see if it wa s certified, when she held it aloft and exclaimed: 'Dear father, but these diamonds are enough ! ' She touched it to the gas, and away it went. I think R'b a new kink, and one intended to save the old man.' 