CHAPTER iy; From that time a change came over Os car Bent. He did not cease hia visits to Hawksnoat, or show any different feelings to Myra, Bave that ho was loss attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met, The ohange lay in his general mode of aotion. Hither to ho had Jbeen tho prince of idlers, now he beoamo vigorously nofcivo. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his sole Btudy, An old fisherman, who lived alone amongst the crags of Mount Tangahiti and who i knew every shoal and rook along the coast, was the young fellow's coach and tutor, and he found in Oscar a willing and apt student. _ Myra? was glad to note the ohange in him, His present mode of living conveyed the impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduot, and not that alone, but this very distraction from his previous pursuits appearod only as a .moans whereby he sought to forget his love, If Biioh was the oase, Osoar had succeeded to perfection, for the girl readily forgave him and returned to her old ways in his company, Tho ohange had its effeot also upon Myra's father and his friend, By degrees the prejndice felt by those twain against him melted away. Ho was so hearty and genial to both, that, thinking they had hastily misjudged tlio man, tlioy were all .the more roady to extend the hand of friendship, Meanwhilo, Myra andjHarry wero drawn together, with tho inevitable result. Their lioarts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold the secret. He pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion! and was accepted. She loved him, and why should she be prudish and assume a doubt when no doubt oxisted 1 So she said, "Yes," and thero was great rejoio ing at Hawksnest. % Osoar Bent was vory warm in his con gratulation, He told Myra that ho was pleased at her ohoioe in spite of what had happened, and to Harry he said that of all men in New Zealand, he* would have ohosen him to marry his "sister iMyra," Harry thanked him and replied that he would endeavor to mako hor nappy. He purohased a block of land near the villa, and gave orders for the ereotion ofafsub stantial dwelling thereon, As Osoar showed some architectural taste, he was often consulted about the work going on, He gave his advice cheerfully and seemed anxious about the houso as if it had been his own, While all these preparations wero going forward, Osoar and Harry spent much of the time together in the formor's sailing boat, oruising about the rooky coast. Harry was very fond of the water, and Oscar's cutter was a wonder in tho way of boat building. It wanted just a week to the all import ant day, that was to soo Myra nnd Harry man and wife, when Oscar and Maydal'e went out for a day's sail, It was a lato autumn day, rathov cold, with a chopping wind knocking about the sea, Tom Wildelovo helped .them to get tho boat roady, and advised them to koep well in shore, " There is no knowing what such a morn ing may bring forth in the way of a gale ot'o nii?lU," ho said, " Wo are not going far, sir," answered Osoar; then turning to Harry ho added, "Tfyou think the'ro's anything to fear, pray don't go," Harry . laughed. " I'vo been uaod to a rough lifo, and theroforo don't mind rough weather, Be sides you can manage your boat to perfec tion," "No. man bettor, I'll go ? bail," ojaou lated .Taok Cod, tho old fisherman, who Mood by, smoking a «hort black cutty, Tlioy ran the boat down and leaped in as sho shot into tho soa, Tho square main Bail nnd foresail wero sot, with a roof in the former, and Osoar took tho holm. " I think we will run out by the Tanga Roof, wo got less wind thero," ho said. "I understood the Tanga rocks were dangerous," replied Harry, '. To those who have not studied them, no doubt they are," responded his com panion, " but there is no real pleasure without a trifle of danger to givo it zest. I know every foot of this coast, and can sail within pistol shot of tho roof. You shall see," As tho boat got out into* the trough of tho short waves he was iitfiigh spirits, and his manner was more like that of a Bohool. boy lot loose for a holiday than a man out for an hour's enjoyment, You are gay this morning, Osoar." " Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness some flue sailing this day, if the wind only holds." " It will hold, I think," " I hopo so, Beside I have a surprise in storo for you, Maydale." "What is it V" "You shall see presently," Tho Tanga rooks lay about two miles and a half to tho east of the clill'at Eldonbury, and (hoy wore worthy of- bring tenii(\a dangerous, Black in appearance, and fatal In any vowel, large iir small, that chaneo might oust in thoir vicinity. At high tide they peeped no more than a few feet above the waves on a calm day, ana when the wind was high, foam alone marked their whereabouts, At low tide they were still surrounded by water, for they were ugly, razor- backed masses of stone, that had their foundation in the sand full fifty fathoms down, On this day, and at the hour the boat started, the tide was almost at ita highest point, and nothing but foam about them oould be seen,' , , , Aa they drew nearer, Harry, who fiaa some little knowledge of seamanship, saw that the place presented one huge bar of while curling breakors in front, and to right and left of thom, with not so muoh as the ghost of a passage for the boat, which was now madly plunging right in amongst them, .'"??? "It is madness to attempt a passage there, he shouted. ' * Put up the helm I " You coward, bo quiet,!' ovied his com* panion, laughing hoarsely. "I told you I was going to surprise you, so l am, "Put up your helm, or by the-"-' , "Do you threatenrae, andhere? in terrupted Oscar, with an oath, his face suddenly assuming the feroolty of a tiger oat, , Harry saw the ohange, and knew what it meant. Ho had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and ho saw that he had one to deal with now t . "H-11 seize you," yelled the now in furiated Oscar, "Keep baok from me, j The sight of you is poison to my soul, For months I've played my game and fooled j you all. I've brought you to your fate, I and yonder, white-faced oat at home may mew for your coming until the trump of doom," Before he oould utter another word, Harry throw hipiself upon htm, and a fu rious struggle took place for the posses sion of the tiller. They wefo both strong men, one with a latent devil in him fight-' ing for revengo, the other battling for his life. Do all he oould, Harry Maydale could not move his antagonist from his grip of the helm, until the frail vessel crashed upon the rooks, " Hurrah! This shall be your wedding day," shrieked Oscar, and the next moment the sea and reeks rent the craft to pieces, and both men went down, , , They wore looked together as the waves ofist them up again to the Burfaoe, and Osoar, being nearest to tho sharp'outting reefs, reaeived a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to release his hold upon his rival, - v s Harry was a strong swimmer, but he was halt stunned, and blinded by tho spray. Ho felt that the chanoes of eaoapo.were small, but the thought of Myra nerved him to make the effort. How long he fought with the whirling eddies, ana the seething oauldron into | which he had been oast, ho never could "estimate, A man will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on tho eve of being married. After muoh buffeting, and when his strength was well-nigh gone, Harry Maydale found himself in smoother water. Even here he was tossed and tumblod about like a VJ^thleas cork, until suddenly a far-off voice roachod his ears "Ahoy, matol This way;" aud the exhausted swimmer know it was tho voice of Jack Ood, the fisherman, By-and-by a boat approached, and a rope was oast closo to htm, which he seined and held, " I saw your danger, my lad, and put out after yo," oried tho old salt, as he hauled Harry into the smack, " But, I say what has bocome of Mr, OsoarT ' "Where in he?" gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and then Jack oried out "Ah, therohe is, in the whirlpool of tho Tanga !" " Steer for him, Fifty pounds if you save him!" "' The fisherman, steered, but it was too late, Osoar Bent, like his antagonist, was completely .oxhauatcd. Just nt bho moment when ho saw his hated rival safe in tho boat, a huge wave lifted him bodily ?up, and dashed him a mangled corpse on the roof, ' i . I t . . t "'A dangorous man, Harry, You had a narrow snuoak for it, boy," said Tom Wildolovo, "Ihadiudeed, sir," said the young fellow, doffing his hat, with a feeling of reverence and gratitude. The two were walking tho little garden path before the villa,. a week after the tragic affair, at tho Tanga rooks, " It was wise of you to keep the affair to ycuiraolf, Harry, "Ayo, sir. Better boar it than let Myra know what was hidden in her old playmate, "k ' . " To be Buro, lad, Your wedding will have to be postponed for three months ; that will be a trial." " Perhaps, sir," And so it was settlod, Only two meu in Eldonbury knew tho seoret of that catastrophe at the Tanga Reef, 