ZABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAN BLACK. Author of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER XLII. DARKENED I>Ai' '. Thio should have been a weddin? morning. The earth had donned her fairest bridal robeR—the soft snow mantle gaining a touch of gold from the wintry aucl-fi^bt; clear and cloudie&o; shone the pale blue skies ; there were diamonds sparkling in the hedge-rows ; the vane of the Church spire iipshed a distant ray. But it was a blaek hued little procession that moved slowly through the white, hushed world—out from the straggling village, aloag the rutted lane, and up to the gate of the churchyard. The neighbours were lingering about the porch; when the tiny coffin had been carried in, they followed and entered the pews; no one seemed to notice that, just before the deer was shut, two women, both dressed in deep mourning, and closely veiled, came in last of all, and took their, places rather apart frcm the rest. They were in the dusk; their heads were bent down; not even Walter Lindsay guessed that the stricken mother was there, come to hear those dreadful words of a last farewell. When the service was over, and the little crowd passed out again into the sunlight and the snow, these two remained behind for a second. i " Sabie—dear Sabie—come home now2 You can't bear it; it will kill you!" 1 She did not answer; she only shook her head. But as they went out into the white , churchyard she held Janie's arm tight, for : she was trembling a little. They took np , their station a short distance from the ethers; ' the bystanders paid no heed to them ; all eyes were turned towards the clergyman and the open grave, and the small, small coffin coverod with white flowers. It was when they proceeded to lower that tiny coffin into ; the grave that Janie found her companion i was shaking like a leaf, so that she was afraid she would totter and fall; and when the first sprinkling of earth strcck with its hollow and ominouE sound, the young mother uttered a short and stifled cry, as if a dagger bad gone through her heart. Janie had almost to drag her away. " My little boy!"—that i was all she said ; and she spoke no more as they made their way back to the village, far , in advance of the others, the two black figures in that world of white. Arrived there, Janie took her to her own room in the inn. Sabina j was purposeless in a strange kind of way; ' she sat down at the window, where she could Bee—across the dream-like waste of enow— the little Church, and its windows, and the spire, and the vane sending forth its steady, golden ray. Then her bead; fell forward on her hands. A message came for Janie that Sir Anthony Zembra was below, and wanted to see her. She went down to the small parlour. Never in all this world was there a more suai>e, and distinguished looking, and perfectly-ap- . pointed mourner; as he took off his black ' kid gloves and put them on the table, so that he might rub his hands because of the cold, and as he took up his position on the hearthrug in front of the fire, he seemed to say that not any one of the trials or duties of life could find him wanting; put the occasion before him—he was there, and equal to it. j "I heard that she was with you," he remarked. He had not seen his daughter that morning—not having cared to go within doors. "Yes," Janie answered. "She will stay here until the house is disinfected. My husband and Mr. Lindsay were going up to London immediately the funeral was over, to Bee about having it done at once." " A most necessary measure," Sir Anthony observed with approval, "it is an imperative duty that one owes to the rest of the community. And I hope it will be done thoroughly, whether Sabina goes back to the cottage or not. She herself has always been too reckless in such matters"—— " I don't think bo at all!" Janie said, rather hotly; who was he that he should criticise Sabina's conduct? " Ah, you joined with her in those foolish enterprises," he said, with a superior air. " My share in them may have been foolish enough—Sabie's never was," said Janie, whose meek eyes were growing indignant. "It's all very well for people who sit in their own homes, surrounded by every selfish luxury, it's all very well for them to talk of foolishness when any one tries to do a little good in the world. Perhaps you never even took the trouble to go and sse what it was that Sabie was doing ?" "We will not discuss the question," he said, in his grand manner. "If I have offended you, 1 beg your pardon, I merely wished to express tne hope that before my daughter goes back to the cottage the most rigid precautions may be taken to guard against the spread of infection. Temerity in such matters is the worst of folly. It is not bravery; it is criminal heedlessness. And I think that even you cannot deny that Sabina has always shown herself far too carelessonly now she may be warned by the terrible consequences," " But what do you mean ?" Janie said, with her face grown a trifle pale. "That Sabie was careless about her boy?—that ahe was responsible"—— Janie's words failed her; her indignation was too great. But she pulled herself together. "Have you anything further to say to me, Sir Anthony?" she demanded, coldly. " I am going back to Sabie." " I wish to hear what she proposes doing," Sir Anthony said. " That is all." " I don't know," was Janie's answer. " For it is quite absurd her going back to live by herself in that cottage," he continued. " 1 suppose that at present it would be useless for me to see her, to discuss the matter with her." " She won't see anybody—Bhe can't," J anie answered. "At all events I should like her to know this," Sir Anthony said, " that Lady Zembra is perfectly willing that she should return to her own home—always, of course, on condition that she should abandon those pursuits which made that impossible when she used to be in London. Probably she has had enough of that. In the circumstances, then, and with the condition that I name, we are quite willing she should return to her own home," " As for that," said Janie (and there was a touch of scorn in her voice that might have pierced Sir Anthony's complacency, had that not been so entirely gigantic), "as for that, Sabie will never have to go begging for a home. There are plenty who would be proud to have her—proud and pleased. And I know that if she will come and live with us, neither my huBband nor myself will stay to impose any condition—no—she shall live in any way she pleases—and I can answer for it that her welcome will be none the less." " Ah," baid Sir Anthony, looking at her as if she were some kind of sentimental maniac, " Well, it is a good thing to have friends. But friendship is apt to get strained if one lives continually in the same house," " Was it ever so in Kensington-square ?" said Janie, boldly. He did not answer that question. "Common sense," he went on to observe, " would suggest that a single woman in her circumstances, should come and live in her own home. At the same time, if she prefers her freedom—I mean if she wishes to return to the occupations of those former days—well and good ; she will have her allowance as before." J anie interposed quickly, and with a flushed forehead. " Of course, if she comes to live with us, it will be as our guest. That is clearly understood by all of us." "Oh, then, you have put that proposal before her?" " Yes." " And her answer ?" " It was only a suggestion—we wanted her to know that there was a home awaiting hsr —and she said nothing definite in reply. And at present it is useless to say anything," "At all events," Sir Anthony said, "you are of opinion tnat she should nut continue to live by herself in that cottage? Why, good gracious, she might be murdered in bed; that would lie a nice story to get into the papers!" This indeed was an appalling thought— that the name of Sir Anthony Zembra might be dragged into the public prints in connection with an obscure and revolting village tragedy! " Yes, I want to get her away from here," said Jeanie, sadly, " but it is no use talking to her at present. I wish she was not going back into the cottage at alL I wish she would come away with us this very afternoon, as soon as Phil—my husband, I mean—as soon as he comes down from town, That would be the best thing." "Then do you return home this afternoon?" She glanced at him in surprise; she could hardly understand any human being putting such a question. "Oh, no! How could I do that? How could 1 leave Sabie at such a time—alone ? If she wonld go with us, that would be well ; but as it is I must remain with her to see what she is going to do." " And when she has decided that, I hope you will let me know," Sir Anthony said, and he took up his gloves. "I presume, when these Banitary measures have been carried out there will be no possibility of a letter conveying infection. You might tell my daughter that Lady Zembra would have written to her to expreBS her sympathy, but that she thought it more prudent not to open communication with a house in which there was fever. We have got to consult the safety of others, not our own feelings." When be had delivered himself of this wise •ayicg, Sir Anthony took np his hat and umbrella, again asked Janie to communicate with him when Sabina had come to a decision. -I>ade htr good-by graciously, and set out for the station. He walked with an air of lofty satisfaction ; he seemed to think that it was }i3 who was diii'u&ing; that cheerful sunlight over the wide landscape. Those next few clays at Witstead were terrible. Sabina had wholly given way to a dumb stupor of misery and hopelessness ; she cm as one walkiag ia the dark, scetn. EOthirg of what was around her, heeding no one. Sbe hardly ever spoke ; she had no wild fits of crying ; there was nothing but thie dreadful monotony of unuttered and unutterable grief. Mechanically she went up every njorning to the little grave with a poor handful of Howtrs; sometimes she would go iii the afternoon too ; and always her dull despairing thoughts were there. Janie sought in vain to distract her and arouse her. Sometimes she wilfully inflicted pain, if but to break in upon this danuerous littlessness. Once she went the length of asking what should be done, when they could go into the house again, with the little boy's toys and playthings. Sabina shivered, but did not answer. Janie went to Walter Lindsay, who was pretty .frequently over at Witstead, hurryin: on the workmen. " 1 do-everything I can to get her to talk," said Janie-, " and of course she has to settle what shs is going to do. But it is very strange. She is keeping something back from me. .It is always * Wait a little while, and I wiE tell you.' I don't understand it at all. Even about the house; it appears it belongs to a Mr. Deane; but she does not know where he is.; .and when I asked her how she paid the rent.- it was the same thing—' Wait a little while. Janie, and I will tell you everything. I cannot talk to you now or to any one.' But she-thinks it is you who puts the fresh flowers oo the little grave every morning. Is it?" "No." " Do you know who it is, then ?'' He hesitated. " Oh, well, if you must know, it is one of the Lulworth girle. I asked her to do it for me. I have them .sent down from London, and she takes them up. You need not Bay anything about it." Janie thought she would follow her own counsel about that. " Then, what do you think she is going to do t' he asked. "As likely as not she will go back to the hospital and become permanent nurse," Janie answered—but this was merely a guess of her own. " It is dreadful to think of the poor, broken, wasted life. You remember what Sabie used to be in the old days ? Well, last night I was lying awake, and I was wondering whether it would not be possible for some one to take Sabie entirely away from what has happened during these last years—to take her away altogether, to some other couutry, and teach her to forget. And I thought that you were the only one who cared for her enough, and had money to do it as well; and I saw all sorts of pictures of you two—walking along the Promenade Anglais at Nice— and Sabie laughing and hippy again" He turned very pale, but she did not notice; she was intent upon her wakidg dreams of the previous night. " Yes, and I followed you to Venice—I was an invisible ghost attending you—and I saw Sabie feeding the pigeons in the square—and I saw you and her in one of the glass factories over at Murano. and you were drawing her initials on a bit of paper so that the man could copy them and put them on the jug he was moulding for her. I wonder if such a thing ever happens in the world—for people to forget the years of misery they have gone through, and become happy again as they used to be ? It seems hard if it is impossible," However, these were but forecasts of a vague and shadowy future; and in the meantime Janie was soon to be startled by a definite announcement of Sabina's plans. On the second evening after they had returned to WayBide Cottage—the fumigation and so forth all -being over—these two were seated in the little parlour together, Janie sewing, Sabina pretending to read, but more often with her calm, sad eyes fixed wistfully on the fire before them. At length she took a letter from her pocket. "Janie," she said, "a few days ago I wrote to old Mr. Foster, down in Buckinghamshire, and this morning I received his answer." Janie was a little surprised to have heard nothing of this before; and quite simply and naturally she put out her hand to take the letter, for there never had been secrets between these two. It was hastily withdrawn, however. "He writes very kindly," Sabina said, slowly ; " and he asks me to go aud live with him, though he says it is a dull house; I wonder if he thinks it is gaiety that I should prefer." "And are you going?" said Janie, rather breathlessly. " When I have everything settled up here —yes. I think it is the best thing I can do." "Oh, Sabie, we shall never see you at all J" Janie cried. "And don't you think" that would be best?" was the calm answer; she was staring ab sently into the flames. _ Janie's eyes grew moist quickly enough, "After the friends that you and I have been, Sabie, it does seem a little hard that you should talk in that quiet way about going away from us for ever." " But I shall not forget," the other said. " And soon after I am there I will wiite you a long, long letter, to explain a number of things. I ought to tell you the whole story now ; but I have not the courage. And I am so tired," she added, wearily. Janie did not understand what this promise meant; and perhaps paid little attention to it, for she was bent on opposing this decision —it seemed £0 dreadful that Sabina should withdraw herself into a seclusion so remote from all those who had known her, "You have so many friends in London, Sabie! _ It was bad enough your coming down here; but now, when there is no reason in the world why you shouldn't come and live with us—I wish Phil were here, and he would speak for himBelf—to think of your going away down to that place to bury yourself alone, and brood over all that has happened. Is it wise? Is it reasonable? Surely you should come amongst your friends—I don't mean at this precise moment, but by-and-by, when time has begun to tell a little. We don't ask you to come to any gaiety. It is a quiet house. You would have your own rooms ; no one should disturb you when you wished to be alone." For answer Sabina took Janie's hand, and patted it a little. fc" You have always been so kind to me—I never could understand why. But I am going down to Buckinghamshire, Janie," she said. It was later on that same evening—in the dead silence that was broken only by the click of Janie's needle—that Sabina looked up from her reveries and said— " Janie, there is one thing I must do before I leave this place. I must say something to Mr. Lindsay of what I feel towards him for all his goodness to me—his generous goodness and thoughtfulness and kindness, I am sure I don't know how I shall say it—but I must try. I cannot go away and leave him to think me ungrateful." " That be never would think, nor any other ill of you, Sabie !" Janie said, eagerly. " But surely you are right—surely you can do no iess; and a word from you would be a great deal to him," she made bold to add. " I suppose you don't know when he will be here again ?" was the next question. " No; but I could send him a note," said Janie, promptly. "You might tell him that 1 was going away, and that I wished to say good-by- if it would be not too much trouble for him to call when he was in the neighbourhood." Janie's nimble brain soon fashioned forth a better scheme than that—though she kept it to herself. Could she not, on the next morning, find some pretence for slipping out, and make her way south to Burford Bridge by one of the early trains? A few words with herself would be of greater service than any note; and was not the occasion urgent ? Sabina was going away. She would be beyond the influences she had known; she would forget; she would sink into apathy; she was closing the book of her life. But what if, at such a juncture—and she was helpless, and distraught, and uncertainsome sudden appeal were made to her? It seemed dreadful to think of weddings and wedding-belle, when one had to think, too, of the little grave lying far away there amid the as yet unmelted snow; but, short of that, might not some vague hint be given her that, wherever her footsteps might lead her, there would always remain open for her the refuge of a strong man's love, when time and distance had dulled the edge of her cruel sorrows ? CHAPTER XLIII. FAREWELL WOEDS. Yet this was a delicate and difficult task that Janie had undertaken. She could not forget that on Walter Lindsay's return from America he had told her plainly enough that any relationship between Sabina and himself should be just as Sabina wished it to be, and that he would be content with that, nor seek for anything more. Also in this latter time of trouble, his kindness towards Sabina, though it had been great and obvious and assiduouB,' had been rather the kindness of an affectionate brother or intimate friend, assuming the right to do things for her as a matter of course. There had been none of the sensitiveness of a lover about him. Almost there had been a trifle too much authority. But perhaps the occasion did not permit of any studious refinements of manner; and Sabina, at least, as Janie knew, had taken no offence. However, during the brief journey to Burford Bridge, the more Janie looked at the object of her self-imposed mission the less she liked it. She began to grow very uncomfortable. It was too great a responsibility. At last—and with a considerable seuse of relief — she resolved to throw it o altogether ; she would surely deliver Sabina's message; and that she knew would be welcome. Accordingly, when Bhe reached the hotel, and fcuncl that Litidsav had already cone oil' to his work, she made no scruple about sending for him ; she guessed that he would cot retenc the interruption. In the meantime she began to look round these bachelor quart-era with not a little curiosity. She hall-expected to find some portrait or photograph of Sibie—even Bome slight pencil drawing—but there was nothing of the kind. Apparently he had brought •down with him iew things beyond what he aefded for his daily toll. A volume of " VolksJieder" stood at the open piano ; ana the re were tome loose sheets of music on the top. Hardly any boo^s were about; and thfre were no newspaper?. Two large portfolios in a corner no doubt contained the bulk of his drawings ; and she did not presume to open these ; but on the mantelpiece—above the pipes and matcliboxcs and invitation cards—and also at the back of the piano were a number of more or less rough sketches, which 6he proceeded to examine with con - siaerable.interest, for she wondered what he coaldifind.in such a place at such a time of the year. And it may be said that Janie had had long-enough training in the art world to appreciate.certain qualities as distinct from the mere choice of a subject. Incomplete as most of these drawings were s -she could see how everywhere the painter of them showed himself .easy .master of his own method; she understood their reticience, their simplicity, their refinement scornful of perversity or whim or trick. For the true artist does not seek to astonish^ his work has reserve and repose; it demands study, patience, companionship; it is not for those who choose to run as they read. The Cook'a tourist who darts through Venice has no time for Titian's "Assumption;" but probably, as he jumps into the railway carriage, he has in his pocket a number of the " Petit Journal pear Eireand every one knows what a gay and smart piece of colour is ordinarily to be found on the outer page of that interesting print. Janie was standing there in the room, and wishing that Phil mould for a little while forsake his mysterious and allegorical virgins to paint for her a series of transcripts of the outer world that she could hang up in her own room (that he could do bo, at least in a measute, she never doubted ; for what figurepainter's wife ever believed her husband incapable of painting landscape?) when Waiter Lindsay made hie appearance. " Pray forgive me for disturbing you," she said. "But I have a message from Sabie." She thought that would make all things Fmooth. "Oh, but I am delighted to welcome a visitor—my first since I came here. Won't you sit down ? I hope the message is nothing serious." " Oh, no, not at all. She wanted me to send you a note; but I thought I might come along and tell you—the distance is so short. Sabie's message was this—she would like to see you for a few minutes any time you could make it convenient. The fact is she knows how kind you have been to her all through this terrible trouble, and she wants to thank you —she wants to assure you she is not ungrateful—and so will you come and see her?" " It is quite unnecessary," he said. " If I can be of any service to her, I will go at once, and at a moment's notice, but not for a trifle of this kind. She has other things to think of. Tell her the message she has sent through you is enough — and more than enough.' 3 "But, Mr. Lindsay, you don't understand !" Janie cried. " Sabie is going away!" There was a sudden lump in Janie's throat. Almost she was on the point of blurting out some incohereut appeal—" Mr. Lindsay, are you in love with her still?—will you keep Sabie from going away from all of us ?" But she collected herself. She had resolved to abstain from any such dangerous interference. She had merely to give him Sabina's message. "Going away?" he repeated vaguely, " Yes, 1 supposed that would come; and it will be better for her. Where is she going ?" " Away down to Buckinghamshire—to live with old Mr. Foster—and we shall never see her again !' Janie said. " Fancy her, alone there, with that old man for her only company. Now, if she would only come to Kensington-square, where her friends could see her, and take her about a little, and keep her from thinking. Or if she would come to live with us, that would be best of all; for I could loot after her from morning till night; and Phil would be delighted—I shouldn't wonder if she sate to him, for she is so awfully g09d-natured, and that would be tetter for his work than having those scraggy creatures about. You might come to see us then, Mr. Lindsay," Janie added, looking up rather wistfully, for she had been thinking of what evenings they might have together, she, and Phil, and Sabina, and Lindtay, when all this time of sorrow had gone by, "Oh, she is going down into Buckinghamshire?" he said, thoughtfully. "Well, I think that is very wise. She will be better alone for a while. It is too soon to think of ber going amongst friends. When does she go?" 'Almost immediately," said Janie, who was disappointed that he took Sabina's departure in this matter-of-fact way. " As soon as she can leave the house in proper charge—I chink she is waiting to hear from some one. But she is very reserved about all her arrangements, and, of course, one does not wish to worry her with questions at snch a time. She says she is tired. Indeed, Bhe is quite worn out, mentally and physically; and so listless; she does not seem to care what happens to her." " That will all come right," he said. "She has a strong physique. Nature will work its own cure." 'This is the first time she has shown any interest in anything outside that churchyard," Janie said, "I mean in her anxiety that you should know she was grateful to you for all you had done for her." Janie looked at him with almost appealing eyes. But he merely said— 'Please to tell her not to bother about that. I understand perfectly. Her message through you is enough—more than enough." "Mr. Lindsay, when Sabina asks you to come and see her, ycu are not going to refuse ?" [ Oh, if you put it that way, certainly not. I will come and see her, if Bhe wishes. I only meant that it was not worth while bothering about such a trifle." "She does not consider it a trifle. Of course," added J anie, with a little hesitation, " 1 had hoped if you came along, that you would help me to persuade Sabie not to go away into Buckinghamshire. It seems a pity she should separate herself from her friends just when she stands in most need of them. And she has suffered a great deal during these paBt years—I think they wonld be willing to try to make it up to her a little. It seemed to me that we might try to get her to look more like the Sabie we used to know," " Time may do that—but not any of us," he said. "Couldn't one help?" said the faithful Janie, "But, of course, if it is your opinion that she should go away there is no more to be said. I thought you would have been the first to ask her to stay." " I think her own instinct is right," he said. "And it isn't aB if she were going away to some distant country, never to return. Some day you will find Sabina in London again, when she will be better able to face tie sympathy of friends." " And will you be there, then ?" " Oh, most likely. Why not ?" With a little sigh Janie rose to go. " When shall I come along to see her ?" he asked. ' Whatever time is most convenient. This evening?" " Yes." " Very well. Until then, good-by." "Oh, but you must not go like that," said he. If this isn't a Scotch house, this is a Scotchman's lodging. Let me see—I can't offer you tea or wine at this hour of the day—and I haven't any confections"—— He was looking round the room. "Oh, yes, this will do," he said, and he fetched one of the big portfolios and threw it open on the table. "Take a sketch with you. Choose one for yourself." "Mr. Lindsay, I cannot, really!" Janie protested. They are too valuable." "You must not leave the place emptvhanded. Janie hesitated. She could see that these drawings were much more important and finished studies than those lying about the room. " Well, to tell you the truth," said she, " I was wiBhing before you came in that Phil could make me some landscape sketches for my own little room at home—that would meet one s eyes every morning—and always with a fresh delight—and if I were to tell you which of all those beautiful things it was that chiefly provoked my envy " She went to the piano, and selected one of the drawings there. It was a simple little study of evening light—a wan glare in the western heavens; that repeated in a wet roadbetween, a strip of dusky hill, with a black wood at its base, "That one!" he said. "There is not much in that. But it will do to begin the little collection for your boudoir. Tell MaBter Phil to levy contributions all round ; and then we will have a consultation some day about having them framed in a series." lie got a couple of pieces of board and made up a small parcel for her; aud then he accompanied her to the door, where, with renewed thanks to him, she left. But Janie would have been pleased if, instead of this beautiful little gem of a wat-cr-eolour.shehad taken with her some assurance or hope that that evening he was comicg along to ask Sabina to let him provide for her, at least, a safe and happy home. It was Jater than he had intended when he reached Witstead, for he had walked, and there were some twilight effects that had caused him to linger by the woy, He had convinccd himself that it was without uerturbation that he was about to bid farewell to Sabina. As she would probably be in a nervous, and depressed, and emotional state, it was necessary for hiin to hav-e plenty of firmness on his side. He should make the parting easy for her; and would take are to cut short this formal business of thanksgiving. When he entered the room Sabina rose to receive him, and came forward a step or two. There were sudden tears in her eyes; she gave him a trembling hand; she could not speak. But hapi'ily Janie was there; and presently, when he had taken a seat, he and Janie found themselves talking about ail kinds of indifferent things, and amongst others of the little picture, for carrying off which Janie was now making abundant apologies. "But that is one of the privileges of a painter," he said. " If only his friends think the thing worth hanging up, it serves to recall him to their memory now and again, when he may be half a world away. It is purchasing remembrance at a cheap rate." " I don't know about the cheapness of the rate," said Janie. "I know Phil will be horribly angry with me for having robbed you of such a beautiful sketch." " But sometimes one doesn't need any such help to the memory," Sabina said in rather a low voice. Janie now said she would go and ask Mrs. Reid to let them have some tea. She did so; but she did not come back. She went into the dining-room, and lit a candle and sat down there—with her heart beating a little. Just as she left a look of fright passed into Sabina's eyes; but that was for the briefest second. She seemed to nerve herself for this interview. Why ? he asked himself. He had no wish for any formal expression of thanks. "Mr. Lindsay," she said, with her eyes cast down, " Janie says she told you why I wanted you to come here this evening"— " And I told her how unnecessary it was," he said, interrupting her. "I see you are embarrassed at this moment. Why should that be so? These things are better understood than expressed. What mortal creature could be so inhuman at such a time? It is not worth speaking about." " Ah, do not say so !" she exclaimed, and for a moment she looked up and regarded him with her soft and gentle and grief-worn eyes. "I will never forget it—never—never —through all the years I may live—and my gratitude to you will be always the same, and will remain ever with me, even if I am not allowed to call you friend." He was amazed^and bewildered. " Why, what do you mean ?" he cried. " There was something else I meant to have told you," she said, with a tired look on her face. "I have been trying all the afternoon to bring myself to it before going away. But 1 cannot doit. I am not very strong just now—and—and" Her hands fell listlessly in her lap. " I am sure I would not ask you to tell me anything that would cause you pain," he said. "If I had known there was any possibility of such a thing I would not have come here thiB evening." " But you will have to be told," she said, with a further effort, "I will write. I will write to Janie, She will explain to you. And I think Janie will forgive me. But you won't. You are a man ; you will take a man's view. And this is all I ask of you—when you find how weak, and foolish, and wicked I have been—when you say that I am no longer fit to be called your friend" " I never will, so help me God!" he said, but she went on unheeding— " All I ask is this, that though we should never meet again in this world, or, if we should meet—well, perhaps you would pass me by as a stranger—but what I ask is, that if ever you should think of me you will believe that I have not ceased, that I never will cease, to remember your goodness to me at the darkest time of my life. Her lips quivered for'a moment. As for him he wbs stricken dumb. Some wild fancy flashed through his brain that he would ask her if she did not know that his very existence was hers, to be done with as she chose; that faith in the beauty and nobility ot her womanhood was as necessary to him as sunlight and the skus of heaven; that, no matter what sorrows or secret tronbles might be surrounding her, he was ready to take her by the hand, and lead her home, as sister, or friend, or wife. But how was he to speak words of love, with the fresh-made little grave Btill present to his mind ? Was that the comfort he could offer to the bereft mother ? She was safe in the sanctity of her grief—though his heart bled for her. "Yes," she said, .with an absent air, "I have been looking at it every way; and I am prepared for that; and deserve it. You will say that I deceived you; and that I accepted all your kindness under false pretences. Janie will [understand a little—the terror I was in when my darling was taken ill—how thankful I was to any one who would help me—I had no time to think—I cared only for the saving of my little boy's life" Here she broke down altogether; and quickly roEe and went sobbing from the room. When she returned, a little time thereafter, he said— " Of course I cannot imagine what you mean; and I don't press for any explanation. I am content to wait. I am content to wait because I know that nothing you can say will alter the relations between you and me. Of that I am as certain aB that I am here at this moment. How can I have anything to forgive—or to overlook, either? It is impossible. And supposing there was such a thing—which, I say again, is impossible—do you think that the judgment of a woman by a man is harsher than the judgment of another woman ? I don't think so. I think you would find a man quite as forgiving aB a woman. Of course that is all in the air. Yon have no forgiveness to seek from me—it is out of the question. But when you speak of friendship, that is different. I hope, as long as you and I are alive, that at leaBt will exist between us. Nothing may arise to show the measure of it " 1 As if you had not proved that already !" she said. 'But there it is, and always will be, I pledge you my word—and my hand." He stretched out his hand to her; she took it, and, stooping her head, touched it with her lips. " God bless you for what you have done for me in my time of agony," she managed to And do not forget what I have pledged you—ro matter what you may write to Janie," was his answer. Mrs. Eeid came in with the teathings; and Janie followed. Their talk was chiefly about Sabina's going away, the journey down to Missenden, and so forth. Janie showed him a gold pencil which Sabina was going to give as a souvenir to Mrs. Reid (who had f flatly refused the offer of a presant in money, j following the instructions of her master; { and Lindsay, as he bade good-by to these two frienas, and was setting forth to return to his solitary lodging, could hardly help reflecting that the old Scotch housekeeper was to be the lucky—and probably indifferent—owner of a trinket which he would have valued at a thousand poundB and more, if Sabina had given it to him of her own free accord. There is a difference between embarrassment and shyneBB. For example, when a young man is embarrassed for money, his shyness doesn't stop him from trying to borrow some. | A certain hotel being on fire, one of the servants was directed to awaken two gentlemen who were asleep in an upstairs room. She knocked at the door, and said, " I bed pardon, gentlemen, for disturbing you, but the house is on fire." In Islington Churchyard there is an inscription to this effect, that beneath is interred " an infant, aged four months," and the commandment is added— " Honour thy father and thy mother, j That thy days ma; be long in the land." - A gentleman was a victim of defective memory. He arranged to give an elaborate dinner to a numerous and distinguished company. The appointed evening arrived, the collation, an elegant one, was all ready to be served, but the guests came not. Half an hour passed, and still they did not come, and the host became really uneasy. When the delay had grown to an hour, and not a man of them had shown up, his feelings were indescribable. And who can picture his agony of spirit when, on returning to his room, he chanced to pull open a drawer, and therein found the whole bundle of invitations, which he had forgotten to send out 1 > A gentleman who rode his own mare in the course of an Eastern tour asked hia attendant if he was sure she always got her allowance. " Oh, yes," he said, "my country- ; men steal from one another, and rob their friends' horses, but I can always find out if ( your mare has been cheated." "How?" "I always put some pebbles in with the barley —seven or eight—and count exactly how many I put in. The mare never eats the ebbles, and if anyone steals from the barley I Ee is sure to take two or three pebbles with ' it. If I find the pebbles short in the morning I have hard words, and they cannot tell how I know, and so they give up cheating her," 