A LOVING DOG. The brute creation don't seem to thrive with me. I have tried pretty well all the domestic animals. I don't seem to quite get the hang of training them Fowls don't seem to get on well with bread and butter. I kept four hens, but they sickened and died, and now they are in the cold, cold grave. Die last article in tiie animal line was a dog. He is gone, and I would rather not say anything against him, but truth niake6 me speak. This is the yarn :— . My wife wanted something to love and cherish beside myself. I advertised in the papers that I wanted a dog, a good, moral, religious dog, fond of the family, &c.; Next day a man brought round something he called a dog. If he was religions, religion didn't seem to agree with him, and I told the man so. However, I bought him, and turned him into the back-yard. He began operations by annexing some of. the hired man. When remonstrated with, he revenged himself by getting outside a pair of boots. The hired man called from the yard to come and take the dog away, if I didn't want to be taken-up for keeping a man-eater on the establishment. When I came out to coax " poor puppy " be followed me lovingly round the yard, and carried the back of my pants away in his teeth as a memento of my visit. Being a kind and agreeable sort of animal, he came into the diningroom when we were having tea. We left suddenly by the window, and the dog was monarch of all he surveyed. Nothing we could do could get him out. We tried everything ; tried to get him out with a boat-hook—he swallowed that. I threw a prayer-book at him, and he surrounded that. A friend said he would t-y the power of kindness' theory. We told him he'd better not, but he was determined. We embraced him, and bade him good-bye, and asked him to meet us in heaven. He said he believed be would. Balf-an-hour after he was in the local hospital undergoing repairs. I had read somewhere that if you fixed your eye on a wild animal, you could quell him. I thought it would be a good plan to try it. While I was ndeavouring to fix my eye 011 him he fixed his teeth in me. There isa valley now in the back of my leg. Next thing to do was to go for help, and ten men came with assistance, armed with jawbones, old hoop iron, and patent medicine bottles. The men and the dog fought for two hours, the dog having slightly the best of it. After the two hours' conflict, the men hauled off for repaiis, and the dog retired victorious to the house. Reinforcements arriving, we tackled him again, and succeeded in conquering the foe. Anybody wanting old dog's-meat at a low figure can have same by applying to me,' and the aspirant for the aforesaid meat must bring references of birth, character, etc. These precautions are needful for this reason, that we don't want anyone to enter • house whose moral character won't bear investigating. He might raise tlie dog's ghost. Nobody need bring round dogs for me to buy. (This is an afterthought.) 