Spiritualistic Trickery. NO GHOSTS IN AMERICA. The commission appointed by the University of Pennsylvania under the will of the late Henry Seybertto investigate the so-called phenomena of modern spiritualism have csme to the conclu sion that there is nothing extraordinary in any of these manifestations that is attributable to any thing more mysterious than legerdemain. The full report of ths commission, which will shortly be issued by the LippLncotts, is likely to attract a good deal of attention. They report that the de monstration of the trickery of slate- writing is conclusive, as is that of the purely physiological origin of the rappings. It was the common experience of the Seybert Commission that 'as soon es an investigation worthy «f the name begins, all manifestations «£ spiritual power cease;' They were told of marvellous tilings that the spirits did ; but when it was sought to have these miracles repeated in their presence, the ?* conditions' were '.inharmonious,' and nothing took place. The commission say, in concluding their report : ' Wfc regret that thus far we have not been cheered in our investiga tions by the discovery of a single novel fact ; but, undeterred by tkia discouragement, we trust, with your permission, to continue them with what thoroughness «ur future opportunities may allow, and with minds as sincerely and honestly open as heretofore to conviction.' Mr. John W. Brodie first saw the light in iffurrtiTundi. He is the eldest ton of Mfc. Alex ander Brodie, one of the oldest pioneers and settlers ttf the Murrurundi district, and was edu cated in the local schools, but finished his studies in the King's School, Parramatta. He has taken an active interest in local matters in his native town, and is honorary secretary of the Murru TOndi Agricultural Society, and also of the Mur rurundi B&ce; Club. In this week's Town ajjd Copstb? JotJ&JfAt; Will be found a portrait of jftr. Brodie, and an interesting account of the Slurrurundi Eace Club. THE AGONIES OF LUMBAGO. East Bnrfca NiTiOx&i.; Baits, New Yoke, Mitch 10, 1886. It cites tafc great pleasure to add. iny testimony in favor of your *«ry valiii≤ *la»te»B. fiabt October £ B»a i Tory ee«re attaO* flt lntabago, tad Buffered untold a^ony; could not turn in be* or get in aby position without asrsifelance, JinS with pai»s almost unbearable; the folis guK-est»aAllco6VePorotis Piasters. As soon as possible I fcaa ttfae ap^Heaib the stoall of my hack, anato Joy trtas inrtrlSeletjicritnebdiainost instant r«Ue£j I continued ?weixing it until entirely cured, and atn happy t« say thht I *»V6J-0t hftu the slightest symptoms of lumbago since. Theyttea-wonderfdl and Tttlttable clBBter for lumbago, and I ta%e much pleasure in reoommendins them. W. S. Qulak, pemajaebi ewe, .oil r-aiatoitijr Hdaby, bia∈, )ind urinary diseases. ?AtuJltheaustSEnddruggiBts, Sydney.— SB. ' ? 