A New Road io Tectulpa* [By our Special Reporter.] The trip to Teetulpa for some time prior to January 1 was accomplished in one day and a night without breaking the journey, and owing to the enterprise of Messrs. Bonnar & Co. this may again be done. At the beginning of the year the Railway Department altered the time table, so .that persons travelling on the Silverton line were compelled to spend a night either at Terowie or Petersburg instead of running straight through, and this has caused very great inconvenient to the diggers and others going to and from Teetulpa. Formerly the morn ing train from Adelaide arrived at Petersburg in time to catsh the train for Silverton, and passengers for Teetulpa were landed on the field at an early hour on the following morning. Now if they go via Yunta or Mannahill they do not reach the diggings until the evening of the day succeeding that on which they started from Adelaide. This is extremely awkward for travellers, and also for the residents, who ordinarily do not get their letters and papers until about 12 hours later than usual, while their Saturday's letters and papers do not reach the field until Monday night. This has been so bitterly complained of that Messrs. Bonnar & Co. decided to start their new line of coaches, which meet the morning train from Adelaide three times a week, and land passengers on the field - the fol lowing morning at 7 o'clock. On three other days of the week a eoach leaves Teetulpa in the evening and arrives at Orroroo in time to catch the through train from Port Augusta to Adelaide. The first coach left Orrproo on Friday last, and since then the coach has been well filled, the desire to do the journey without a break being demon strated by the readiness with which the line is availed of. Desiring to see the country between the diggings and Orro roo, and at the same time to save several hours on the journey, I started from Tee tulpa on Tuesday evening, at G o'clock, in the coach, which was drawn by four strong horses. Leaving the post office we traversed the Dam Gully, and passed the Warden's camp. We quickly left behind us the dust for which Tee tulpa and the Teetulpa roads are so justly famous, and pursued our journey along the now well-beaten track which leads to Waukaringa. The road a short distance from the the top of Dam Gully becomes fairly even, and remains so almost the whole way to Orroroo. There were three of us on the box-seat, including a genial commercial traveller, who speedily opened up that stock of good stores for which "Drummers" are noted, and while congratulating one another on having escaped the trip to Yunta amidst dust and fiies, with a burning sun overhead, we settled down for a pleasant journey._ The country passed through was very similar to that found in other parts of the Tee tulpa district, consisting chiefly of low hills covered with timber, principally sandal wood and brush. About S o'clock the moon rose, and the gradually gathering darkness was dispersed. Shortly after this we arrived at Waukaringa, 15 miles from the field, where a well served meal, consisting of roast lamb with green peas and pota toes, was awaiting us. ' Among the other delicacies served up was a dish of tea made with rain water-a pleasing change from the Teetulpa water. After a short stay we started again, and passing Waukaringa West and Mount Misery Well (an outpost of McCoy's station) we arrived at the Old Waukaringa Well, !) miles from Waukaringa, where another change of horses was awaiting us. Pushing on again we left, the salfcbush country be hind us, and arrived at Fyfe's homestead, .Mimboro, about 2 o'clock, having tra velled IS miles from the well. Here we sat down to an excellent supper, and a pleasant half hour was spent at the tablq chatting about the futile efiorts made to farm the land which has again been de voted to grazing. Starting once more we journeyed to the Yarpara head station, where in the early morning light we saw a well-grown fruit garden, the first met with on the road. Passing through Salt Creek and a break in, a range of hills, we emerged into the Oladdie plain, where decayed fences and signs of old dwellings, which bespoke only too plainly the ineffectual struggles of farmers to overcome the difficulties inci dental to a meagre rainfall, were seen for some distance along the road. At Moyse's farm, 15 miles from Mimboro, the last change of horses was made, and with the sun obscured by clouds, we started for Orroroo, which was seen from the top of the first rise we reached. We were quickly in the midst of farms on which harvesting opera tions were in full swing, and at 8 o'clock, after travelling 80 miles, we arrived at the Imperial Hotel, Orroroo, and after a few hours' rest left by train for Adelaide, which was reached at 9.5 p nr. The road all through is a good bush track, and by tlii3 route ten hours is saved on the journey to the field. The line has only to become known to be popular. It is probable that a mail will be sent through, and should sufficient inducement oiler a daily coach will be run each way. Our old farciliar friend, the ghost, is evi dently coming down in tbe world, says an English paper. This dreadfully prosaic age la too much for him; it corrupts his originally fine nature with its materialism ; and through its sceptical teaching makes him doubt whether there is any profit in prowling about at night, groaning and clanking r.hains. Lately it was reported that ghosts had made their appear ance at a certain board school, a proceedin which no well-regulated phantom would contemplate without diwlain. But a mv>cli worse ease of ghostly degeneracy is reported jit IMkUn. 3b tbie instimoe the ghc-st made a practice of waylaying women cn their retarn frcin market, scaring them dreadfully, and causing many to drop their parcels. There .was nothing derogatory in this; it was just the Eort of thing that the ghost of a clown would do. But it is sad to have to record that the dropped parcels always vanished with the ghost, thereby affording grounds for the belief that its nocturnal evolu tions were prompted by a sordid desire for gain. An interesting question here presents itself, however. Could a ghost carry away heavy parcels ? Would they not " slip through its hands'"' in a very literal sense? Un doubtedly that would be the case, unless the phantoms possess the power of "spiritualis ing" material substances, even as they can materialise themselves when in the moo J. The Bilston specimen, unfortunately for him self, was run down by an athletic young printer carrying a stout cudgel. According to the latest report, that unhappy ghost has taken to groaning as if in pain. Some very strong complaints are being formulated against the council of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition now that everything is at an end and people may Bay what they please. " Over and above the proof of mal-administra tion afforded by the astonishing news that the undertaking so largely subsidised and so warmly supported was not a financial success, wehavenow," says the Home JVtws, "something mere than a suspicion that the rewards so freely lavished were by no means properly be stowed, There is always a danger when honors are to be conferred that modest merit may be overlooked, while the most pushing get all the loaves and fishes in the scramble. Much dissatisfaction is felt in India at the omission of various officials who were inde fatigable in their efforts to make the exhibition a success, but who were unfortunately not in a position to recommend themselves to the in fluential clique at home by whom all the wires were pulled. Another grievance is that in the excellent published catalogues no mention is made of th9 writers of long and important sections. It is to be feared that the whole affair is another proof of the utter incapacity and want of the commonest business qualifica tions of the managers of the show. If these charges of jobbery and neglect can also be proved, the Prince of Wales's colleagues will find it hard to justify themselves before the public," Mr. D. Harvey Hogan, of Melbourne, writes to the Artjus, under date January 11, with reference to the late fire at Charlton, by which the parsonage of the Rev. R. Hayward, at . Chariton, was destroyed, a3 follows:-"A few facts may not be out of pla^e at this critical moment with reference to the Rev. Rowland llay ward's present monetary position. Having known Mr. Hayward for nearly 20 years as a priest of the Church of England, and for a few years labored under his care as''licensed reader,' I can speak from personal knowledge that he has been left penniless through the late destructive fire of his household and personal effects. While Mr. Hayward was in charge of the south-east portion of the dioceses of South Australia as bishop's chaplain, he caused several handsome new churches to be built at a large cost, to which he wa3 no mean subscriber, Mr. Hay ward's work did not end in the building of churches, He preached eight sermons weekly on an average, not withstanding the hundreds of miles he used to travel each month visiting and putting in order his large district. In short, Mr. Hay ward gave up to the church and the cause of religion his all-body, soul, and money. The people of Victoria are too generous to see such a man want in time of need. It is true money can't replace the sad, sad loss of Mr. Hay vvard's poor child, but it may supply a few comforts for him, his wife, and his large family. With deepest sympathy I enclose my cV.eque.. Mr. A. U. Williams, apropos of fasting feats, writes to the London Standard from Blackheath to recall a case, quite involuntary, but yet in its severity far exceeding the self imposed tasks of the present day. He says More than 30 years ago the sliip Jane Louden sailed from America on a "fall" voyage with a cargo of timber. When in mid-ocean, about the month of November, the vessel sprang a leak; and her crew, finding their efforts to pump her out of no avail, provisioned the tops, and when she became waterlogged went aloft to their exposed refuge. One day a heavy sea struck the ill-fated ship and threw her fairly on her side, a portion of the crew and all their provisions being washed away. The topmast after a while broke off and she righted again. The survivors, left in a hap less plight, died off one by one, till only one was left-Captain Casey, of Padstow, the master. Incredible as it may seem, he lived absolutely without food for 2': days, his only refreshment being whatever rain he could catch in his handkerchief and squeeze into his mouth. Exposed to the severity of an Atlantic winter, he lost his fingers and tees, and had not even the strength left to throw off the three remaining corpses of his dead comrades. In this terrible state he was found by a Dutch vessel, and was most judiciously and humanely treated by her cap tain and crew, who landed him at Antwerp, where his wife joined him and nursed him till his recovery. That he was able to undergo such an ordeal, he himself always said was owing to his wearing no less than three suits of clothes, which kept him comparatively warm, The facts of this remarkable fast are detailed in a Parliamentary blue-book, and I have heard them narrated by my father, who was much in terested in the case at the time. To survive such hardships for 2S days under such circum stances to my mind far exceeds the comfortable and careful tests of abstinence which are just attracting public notice. A special meeting of the Glenelg Corporation was held on Wednesday to consider various matters in connection with the Patawalonga dam. There were present his Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. F. Stock), Coun cillors Scott, Wigley, Morison, and Lun niss, the town clerk (Mr, J, Soal), and Mr. J. Wishart being present. The Mayor stated that he called the meeting to consider the state of the Patawalonga River, and that he had instructed the overseer of works to have the seaweed west of the dam removed, to form a channel to let in the sea water at the high tides, and to let the water out of the dam at low water. This had been done, and they now had a fine sheet of clean sea water instead of the foul water that was there previously. He now suggested that the council should seriously consider what should be done with the gates, and ascertain what the cost would be to alter the gates so that they could be opened to let in water at high tides, and to retain the same when shut. Mr. Chamier, the engineer, bad written to Cr, W. R. Wigley stating that to open the gates permanently would ruin the whole work. Mr, J. Wishart stated that the appliances for opening the gates were useless, but the engineer persisted in having them fixed, and they could only be opened by brute force. He would not recommend that the gates should be left open permanently. Four crab winches' and other appliances with fixing would cost about £70. Councillor Scott moved-"That Mr. Martin (the late clerk of works) consult with Mr, Wishart and obtain all necessary information as to the cost of four crab winches, and material and labor for making the gates watertight and workable, and that Mr. Martin supply to the corporation at its meetiDg on Friday all the above infor mation, so as to enable the council then to pass a resolution to immediately pro ceed with the work." Councillor Lunniss seconded the motion, which was carried. Councillor Wigley laid before the council a letter from Mr, W, R. Cresswell, engineer, of H.M.C.S. Protector, with a sketch showing how sea water could be let in and out of the dam, thereby preventing the water becoming stagnant and a nuisance. It was resolved to thank Mr. Cresswell for hiB sketch. Councillor Scott moved-" That his Worship the Mayor have discretionary power to superintend the letting in and out of the waters of the Patawa longa Creek." Councillor Wigley seconded this, and.it was carried, A concert was given in the Woodville In stitute on Wednesday evening in aid of St. Margaret's Church. There was a good atten- j dance. An overture by Mrs. Filgate opened the programme, followed by a quartette by Messrs. Hoelcing, Parker, Merry, and Boult, "Banish, ob, maiden;" and later on the same performers gave another quartette, " On a bank." A song, "Tit for tat," given by Miss Bech, and an amusing reading from Mark Twain, entitled "Mrs. McWilliams apd the Lightning," given by Mr. W, R. Tothill, were well received; while the duet, "The wanderer's evening song," by Masters Faulkner and Jagoe, was encored. A similar reception was accorded to Mr. W. Philcox for his rendering of "Miss Honligan's Christmas cake," and to Master Faulkner for " Love the pilgrim," in response to which he gave "The moon and I," from the "Mikado." Another Feleution from the same opera, the well-known Madrigal, was given by Messrs. Parker and Boult and Masters Faulkner and Jagoe. The remainder of the programme consisted of an overture. " En route, by Mr. Blackbarne; a song, "The bellringer," by Mr. Sharland; a duet, "Let music and song," by the Misses M. and L. Dale; a song, " The butterfly dude," by Mr. Philcox; a duet, "Love and war," by Messrs. Hosking and Sharland ; a soifjj, " The miller and the maidand tin quartette " Corne, boys, drink." 