TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In a recent issue appears a report from Mr. Kirkham Evans on the above subject, and as my name is pretty freely used by him I trust you will favour me with space for a few remarks relative thereto. I was really amused at the glowing account given by Mr. Evans of his own cleverness in de tecting end exposing this fraud, and the fright caused amongst the Biackrock rustics —myBelf included, I suppose — by Sissy Schultze's performances, which he characterizes a pretty piece of acting. Being informed by Mr. Rodeghiero, at whose place the family at present are staying, that a Mr. Evans from Adelaide, who according to the letter had nine years' previous experience in England in connection with manifestations of this kind, requested permission to come and examine the child, which he con sented to, and telegraphed a reply. J also asked Mr. R.% permission to be allowed to be in the room with him, which was also granted. Bnt, behold! on Mr. Evans's arrival at Biackrock he wanted no person to be allowed in the room but him Bell and Mr. W. A Jones, the local school master, who considers himself a perfect adept in matters of this kind, and who was engaged almost regularly nightly since the chua came here in investigating the matter. At the time I thought this a very strange request, bnt since reading Mr. Evans's report the whole transaction has been made quite clear. If these two were left alone in the room with the child there could be no evidence of a rebutting nature to bring for ward. In the following remarks I leave your readers to judge for themselves. After having, as I suppose, due prepara tionB made for catching the ghoBt or finding out the cause of the disturbance, they announced to Mr. Schultze that all was in readiness if the child would go to bed. SiBsy, who was playing in the room with the other children at the time, was asked by her father if she was not sleepy, to which she replied in the negative. Not wishing to keep the visitors too late, Mr. Sohultzs prevailed on the child to undress and go to bed, in case the manifestations appeared that night, so as 0 give Mr. Evans a good opportunity of examining tbe phenomenon. Sometimes two or three nights pass without the child being disturbed by any of these fits, and consequently nobody could tell whether the child is to be disturbed or not before going to bed, excepting on rare occasions. To our surprise, in about two minutes after lying down she was noticed to be breathing heavily, and her head slightly moving from side to side on the pillow, followed soon afterwards by convulsive jerks of the body and arms. About this time another person, in consequence of importunate entreaties, was admitted, the Rev. J. Hancock, of Port Augusta, as . annourced by Mr. Evans. The candle was then extinguished and BOme slight knocks were heard. After remaining for a time in the state described by Mr. Evans, the candle was relit, and himself and Mr. Jones proceeded to the bed and uncovered the child e legBto above the knees, Mr. Evans feeling the different parts of the leg. At last, laying his hand on the kneecap, he exclaimed—"I have it. Here is what makes the knocks, I thought so before I left Adelaide. I knew it could be nothing else." Whereupon Mr. Jones contradicted him by showing that he could produce similar sounds with the kneecap of the other leg by catching between the thumb and forefinger and moving it from side to Bide. They put the child's foot into a box, and by moving the kneecap as stated, tried ineffectually to produce pimilnr sounds to those heard. Daring the whole time the child resembled a person in a trance, being undoubtedly oblivious of what was transpiring, so far as any. impartial person could judge. On leaving the room we were met in the store on our way oat by Mr. Rodeghiero, who asked both Messrs. Jones and Evans if they had discovered how the knocks were caused or what was disturbing the child, to which Mr. Evans replied that he had not rightly satisfied himself, and would wish to investiite the matter further, for which purpose Se promised to remain at Biackrock for another night, unless he obtained permission to take the child with him to Adelaide. Your readers after thiB statement will, I hope, know what value to attach to the one stating the child caused the knocks by putting out her hands under the bedclothes and rapping on the ground, which event Mr. Evans, in my opinion, would be only too glad to be correct. I may mention that dnring the time the child was in this state they tried unsuccessfully to wake her by holding a bottle containing ammonia to her nose. It undoubtedly caused the _ child to jump in the bed and bring her head slightly towards the bedclothes. There were other experiments also tried, bnt none had the effect of awaking her, " The pretty piece of acting" is undoubtedly preying on the child's system, as she seems to be a good deal thinner now than when she was brought here. If Mr. Evans found, as he states, that the child produced the knocks herself, can he explain how it was he tried so hard to get Mr. Scnnltze's consent to letting the child go to Adelaide for further experiments ? It might enlighten the pnblic mind a little. Mr Evans acknowledges having tried his hand at the knocking, but I remarked to him at the time that he could not succeed. On meeting both Messrs. Jones and Evans on the following day (Jnne 2) at the railway station Mr. Evans wanted to know if I was going to send in any report of what I saw. I told them that I had already done so, and as 1 did not know what conclusion they had arrived at that I would not do so until I saw theirs. They then informed me that they had had a report written, the substance of which they would not tell me then. I was very much surprised at hearing that Mr. Evans, after his promise of the previous night to remain for future investigation, contemplated leaving for Adelaide by the next train. Mir. Evans informed me that he was a member of the Psychological Society and that he came here to investigate the matter in the cause of science; that he wanted to make the thing appear a fraud, as the Adelaide people were going mad—some of them fit subjects for the Lunatic Asylum — through forming circles or stances since this affair started ; and asked me not to contradict his statement, which would in due course be in the Adelaide papers, unless the same reflected in any way upon my previous reports. I consider a person capable of such mean and contemptible conduct to be a far greater fraud than those whom he tries to condemn as such—Sissy Schultze. This is on a par with the Shropshire pigs standing on their heads and singing the National Anthem. As for the two sticks of toffy to be supplied to Sissy daily, I never heard of it until I saw it stated in that report. It is very strange that Mr. Evans would not tell anybody here that he found out how the knocks were caused, but when he got as far as Petersburg the bridle broke and his tongue got loose. Being disappointed in not obtaining permission to take the child with him as he expected, his statements afterwards remind me very forcibly of the story about the " Fox and Grapes." Mr. Evans after his trip from Adelaide found that he could not unravel the ghost story here, so he thought he would assign some cause for it. What a pity, after coming such a long distance, that he was compelled to give up the ghost. I am, Sir, &c.;, Biackrock, Jnne 15. A. HEALY. 