CHAPTER V. THE DEAD UAti'S TESTIMONY. About 10 o clock at night Hugo Luttrell waB been entering the courtyard at the back of the house, where keepers, erooms, and indoor servants were collected in a group, discussing in low tones the events of the day. Seeing theme persons, he seemed in clined to go oack by the way that he had come; but the butler-an old Englishman who had been in the Luttrell family before Edward Luttrell ever thought of marrying a Scotch heiress and settling for the greater part of every year at Netberglen-this said butler, whose name waB William Whale, caught sight of the young felloe and accosted him by name. "Mr. Hugo, Bir, there's been many en quiries after you," he began in a lugubrious lone of voice. " After me, William 1" Hugo looked Tightened and uneasy. "What for?" "You won't have heard of the calamity | that has come upon the house," said Wil liam, shaking his head solemnly; "and it will be a great shock to you, no doubt, sir; a terrible shock, btand back, you men, there; let Mr. Hugo pass. Come into the house keeper's room, sir. There's a fire in it; the night has turned chilly. Go soltly, if you please, sir."' .Hugo followed the old man without another question. He looked haggard and wearied; his clotheB were wet, torn and soiled ; his very hair was damp, and his boots were soaked and burst aB though from a long day's tramp. Mrs. Shairp, the housekeeper, with whom he was a favourite, uttered a Btartled exclamation at hiB appearance. " Guid guide us, sirs J and whaur hae ye been hidin' yoursel' a' this day an' nicht, Mr. Hugo ? We've haen sair trouble i' th' hoose, and naebody kent your whauraboots. Bairn I but ye're just droukitl Whaur hae you hidden yoursel' then 2" "Hidden.'" Hugo repeated, catching at one of the good woman's words and ignoring the others. "I've not hidden anywhere. I've been over the hills a bit-that's all. W hat is the matter ?" He seated himself in the old woman's cushioned chair, and leaned forward to warm himself at the fire as he spoke, holding out first one hand and then the other to the leaping blaze, " How will I tell yon 2" said Mrs. Shairp, relapsing into the tears she bad been shed ding for the last tiro hours or more, "Is it possible that ye've heard naething ava ? The laird-Netherglen himBel'-oor maister-and bave you heard naetbing aboot him as you cam doun by the muir 2 I'd hae thocht shame to let you gang hame unkent, if I had been Jenny Burns at the lodge." " I did not come that way," said Hugo im patiently. " What is the matter with the iaird ?" "Maitter?-maitter wi' the laird? The laird's deid, laddie, and a gude freend was he to me and mine, and to your ain eel' forbye, and the hale kiatra side will be at the buryin'," said the housekeeper, shaking her head solemnly. " An' if that werena enow for my poor mistress there's a waur thing to follow. The laird's fa'en by hiB ain brither's han's. Mr. Brian shot him this verra nicht, as they cam' thro' the wud." " By mistake, Mrs. Shairp, by mistake," murmured William Whale. But Hugo lifted his haggard face, which looked very pale in the glow of the firelight. " You can't mean what you are saying," he said, in a hoarse, unnatnral voice. " Hie hard? Richard-dead/ Oh, it must be impossible." "True, sir, aB gospel," said Mrs. Shairp, touched by the ring of pain that came into the young man's voice as he spoke. "At half-past 8 by the clock they brought the laird home hame stiff and stark, cauld as a Btane a're&dv.; The mistress is clean daft wi' sorrew; an'l doot but Mr. Brian will hae a Bair time o't wi' ber and the bonny young leddy chat's left ahint. Hugo dropped his face into his bands and did not answer. A shudder ran through his frame more than once. Mrs. Shairp thought that he was shedding tears, and motioned to William Whale, who had been standing near the aoor with a napkin over his arm, to leave the room. William retired, shutting the door soltly behind him, Presently Hugo spoke, " Tell me about it," he said. And Mrs. Shairp was only too happy to pour into his ears the whole story as she had learned it from the keeper who bad come upon the scene just after the firing of the fatal shot. He liBtened almost in silence, but did not uncover his face. " And his motherhe aBked at length. Mrs. Shairp could say little about the laird's mother. It was Dr. Muir who had told her the truth, she said, and the whole house bad heard her cry out &s; if she had been struck. Then Miss Vivian had gone to her, and had received the news from Mrs. Luttrell's own lips. They had gone together to look at Richard's faoe, and then Miss Vivian had fainted and had been carried into Mrs. Luttrell's own room, where Bhe was to spend the night. So much Mrs. Shairp Knew, and nothing more. " And where is Brian ?' " Wkaur should he be?" demanded the old woman, with some asperity. " Vi baur but in's ain room, sair caBt aoun for the ill he has dune." "It was not his fault," said Hugo quickly. "Maybe no," replied Mrs. Shairp, with reserve. "Maybe ay, maybe no; its just the question-though I wadna like to think that the lad meant to harm his brother," " Who does think so ?" "I'm no Baying that[onybody thinks sae. Mr. Brian was aye a kind-hearted iad an' a bonnv, but never a lucky one, sae long as I hae kent him, which will be twenty sears gane at Marti'mas. I cam' at the term." Hugo scarcely listened to her. He rose up with a strange, scared look upon his face, and walked unsteadily out of the room, without a word of thanks to Mrs. Shairp for her com munications, Before she had recovered from her astonishment, he was far down the cor ridor on his way to the other portion of the house. In which room had (hey laid Richard Luttrell? Hugo remembered with a shiver that be had not asked. Hb glanced rotmd the hall with a thrill of nervous apprehen sion. The drawiDg-room and dining-room doors stood open; they were in darkness. The little morning-room door was also slightly ajar, but a dim light seemed to be burning inside. It must be in that room, Hugo decided that Richard Luttrell lay. Should he go in ? No. he dare not. He conld not look upon Richard Luttrell's dead face. And yet be nesitated, drawn by a curious fascina tion towards that half-open door. While he waited the door waB slowly opened from the inside, and a hand appeared clasping the edge of the door. A Horrible fancy Beized Hugo that Richard had risen from his bed and was coming out into the hall; that Richard's fingers were bent round the edge of the open door. He longed to fly, but hiB knees trembled ; he could not move. He ttood rooted to the spot with unreasoning terror, until the door opened still more widely, and the person who had been stand ing in the room came out. It was no ghostly Richard, sallying forth to upbraid Hugo for his misdeeds. It was Brian Luttrell who turned his pale face towards the boy as he passed through the hall. Hugo cowered before him. He sank down on the lower steps of the wide staircase and hid his face in his hands. Brian, who had been passing him by without remark, seemed suddenly to recollect himself, and stopped short before his couBin. The lad's shrinking attitude touched him with pity. " You are right to come back," he said, in a voice which although abstracted, was strangely calm. " He told you to leave the house for ever, did he not ? But I think that now-he would rather that you Btayed. He told me that I might do for you what I chose." The lad's head was bent still lower. He did not say a word. " Bo." said Brian, leaning against the great oak bannisters as ii he were utterly exhausted by fatigue, " so if you stay-you will only be doing-what perhapB he wishes now. You need not be afraid.'' " You are the master-now," murmured Hugo from between his fingers. It was the last speech that Brian would have expected to hear from his cousin's lips. It cut him to the heart. " Don't say so!" he cried in a stifled voice. " Good God ! to think that I - I - should profit by my brother's death !" And Hugo, lifting »p his head, saw that the young man's frame was shaken by shuddering horror from head to foot. " 1 shall never be master here," he said. Hugo raised his bead with a look of wonder., Brian's feeling was quite incom prehensible to him. " He was always a good brother to me," Brian went on in a Bhaken voice, more to himself than to his couBin, "and a kind friend to you so long as you kept straight and did not disgrace us bjr your conduct. You had no right to complain, whatever he might do or say to you. Y ou ought to mourn for him-you ought to regret him bitterly bitterly-while I-1 .' "Do not you mourn for him,then?" said Hugo, when the pause that followed Brian's speech had become insupportable to him. "If I were only in his place I should be happy," Baid Brian passionately. Then he turned upon Hugo with something like fierce ness, but it was the fierceness of a prolonged and half-suppressed agony of pain. "Do you feel nothing ! Do you oome into his house, knowingthat he is dead, and have not a word of sorrow for your own behaviour to him while he lived ? Come with me and look at him- look at his face and remember what he did for you when you were a boy-what he has done for you during the last eight years." He seized Hugo by the arm and compelled him to rise; but the lad, with a face blanched by terror, absolutely refused to move from the spot. .' Not to-night-I can't-I can't!" he said, his dark eyes dilating, and his very lips turn ing white with fear. "To-morrow, Brian not to-night." But Brian briefly answered, " Come," and tightened his grasp on the lad's arm. And Hugo, though trembling like an aspen leaf, Jiielded to that iron pressure, and fol owed him to the room where lay all that was mortal of Richard Luttrell. Once inside the door, Brian dropped his cousin's arm, and seemed to forget his presence, He slowly removed the cover ing from the dead face and placed a candle so that the light fell upon it. Then he walked to the foot of the table, which served the purpose of a bier, and looked long and earnestly at the marble features, so changed, so passionless, and calm in the repose of death! Terrible, indeed, was the sight to one who had sincerely loved Richard Luttrell- the strong man, full of luBty healih and vigour, desirous of life, fortunate in the possession of all that makes life worth living only a few short hours before; now Bilent, motionless for ever, struck down <n the hey- day of youth and strength, and by a brother's hand! Brian had but spoken the truth when be said that he would gladly change his own fate for that 'f hiB brother Riohard. He forgot Hugo and the reason for which he had brought him to that room, he forgot everything except his own .unavailing sorrow, his inextinguishable reeret. Hugo remained where his cousin had left him, leaning against the wall, seemingly incapable of sptech or motion, oveioome by a superstitious terror of death, which Brian was as far from suspecting as of comprehend ing. In the utter silence of the house they could hear the distant Btable clock strike IX. The wind waB rising, and blew in fitful gusts, rustling the branches of the trees, and causing a loose rose branch to tap carelessly againBt the window paneB. It Bounded like the knock of some one anxious to come io. The candles flickered and guttered in the draught; the wavering light cast strange shadowB over the dead man's faoe. You might have thought that his features moved from time to time ; that now he frowned at the intruders, and now he smiled at them-a terrible, ghastly smile. There was a footstep at the door. It was Mrs. Luttrell, who came gliding in with her pale face, and her long blaok robes, to take her place at her dead son's side. She had thonght that she must come and assure her self once more that he was really gone from her. She meant to look at him for a little while, to kiss his cold forehead, and then go back to Angela and try to sleep. She took no notice of Brian, nor of Hugo ; she drew a chair to the long table upon which the still white form was stretched, seated hereelf, and looked steadfastly at the uncovered face. Brian started at the sight of his mother; he glanced at her pleadingly, as if he woald have spoken; but the rigidity of her faoe repelled him. He hung his head and turned a little from her, as though to steal away. Suddenly a terrible voice rang through the room. "Look," cried the mother, pointing with one finger to the lifeless form, and raisioe her eyes for the first time to Brian's face-"look therr." Brian looked, and flinched frcm the sight be i aw. For a strange thing had happened. Although not actually unusual, it had never before come within the experience of any of these watchers of the dead, and thus it suggested to them nothing bat the old super Btition which in old times caused a supposed murderer to be brought face to face with the man he was accused of having killed. A drop of blood was trickling from the nostril of the dead man, and losing itself in the thick, black moustache upon his upper lip. It was followed by another or two, and then it stayed. The mother did not speak again. Her hand sank; her eyes were rivetted upon Brian's face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he knew well enough in his sober senses that the phenomenon they had just seen was merely caused by the breaking of some Bmall blood vessel in the brain, such as often occurs after death, was so far domi nated by the impression of the moment that he walked out of the room, not daring to justify himself in his mother's eyes, not daring to raise bis head. After him orept Hugo, whose teeth chattered as though he were suffering from an ague; but Brian tooa no more notice of his cousin. He went straight to his own room and locked himself in, to bear bis lonely sorrow as best he might. No formal enquiry was made into the cause of Richard Luttrell's death. Arohie Grant's testimony completely exonerated Brian, even of carelessness, and the general opinion was that no positive blame could be attached to anybody for the sad occurrence, and that Mr. Brian Luttrell had the full sympathy and respect of all who knew him and had known his lamented brother, Richard Luttrell, of Netherglen. So the matter ended. But idle tongues still wagged, and wise heads were shaken over the circumstances attending Richard Luttrell's death. It was partly Mrs. Luttrell's fault In the first hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bitterly of the share which Brian had had in causing Richard's death. She had spoken to Doctor Muir, to Angela, to Mrs. Shairp-a few words only to eaoh, but enough to show in what direction her thoughts were tending. With the first two her words were Bacred, but Mrs. Shairp, thongh kindly enough, was not so trustworthy. Before the good woman realized what she was doing the whole household, nay, the whole country side, had learned that Mrs. Luttrell believed her Becond son to have fired that fatal shot with the intention of killing, or at least of maimiDg, his brother Richard. The Grants, who had spent the day of the accident at Netherglen, were of course eagerly questioned by inquisitive acquain tances. The girls were ready enough to chatter. They confided to their intimate friends in mysterious whispers that the brothers had certainly not been on good termB ; they had glowered at one another, and caught each other up, and been posi tively rude to each other; and they would not go out together ; and poor Mr. Luttrell looked so worried, so unlike himself 1 Then the brothers were interrogated, but proved less easy to "draw." Archie flew into a rage at the notion of sinister intentions on Brian's part Donald looked "dour," and flatly refused to discuss the subject. But hiB refusal was thought vastly suspicious by the many wiseacres who knew the business of everybody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During the days before the funeral Brian saw almoBt no one. He lived shut up in his own room, as his mother did in hers, and bad interviews only with his lawyer and men who came on business. It was a sad and melancholy house in those days. Angela was invisible-whether it was she or Mrs. Luttrell who was ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandered about the lonely rooms, or shut himself up after the fashion of the other members of the family, and looked like a ghost. After the first two dayB, Angela's only near relation, her brother Rupert, was present in the house; but his society seemed not to be very acceptable to Hugo, and, finding that he'was of no use, even to his sister, Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the house seemed quieter than it had been before. The funeral took place at last. Whan it was over, Brian came home, said farewell ta the guestB, bad a long interview with Mr. Colquhoun, the solicitor, and then seated himself in the study with the air of a man who was resolved to take up the burden of his duties in a befitting spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm; be seemed aged by ten years since his brother's death. He dined with Hugo, Mr. Colquhoun, and Dr. Muir, and exerted himBelf to talk of current topics with courtesy and interest. But bia weary faos, his sad dened eyes, and the long pauses that occurred between bis intervals of speech produced a depressing effect upon his guests. Hugo was no more cheerful than his cousin. He watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet seemed afraid to meet his eye. His silence and de pression were so marked that the doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colqnhoun. " I did not think that Mr. Hugo would take his cousin's death so much to heart," he said. " Do you think he does ?" asked Mr. Col quhoun drily. " I don't believe he's cot a heart, tbe young ecamp. I found him myself in the wood, examining the baric of the tree near which the accident took place, yon know, on the morning after Richard's death, a6 cool as a cucumber. ' I was trying to make out how it happened,' he said to me when I came up. 'Brian must have shot very straight.' I told bim to go home and mi&d; hiB own business." " Do you think what they say about Brian's intentions had any foundation?" asked the doctor. " ivot a bib Brian's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. She's as hard as flint. It's a bad lookout for Brian. He's a ruined maD." " Not from a pecuniary point of view. The property goes to him." " Yes, but he hasn't the strength to put up with the slights and the scandal which will go with it. He has the pluck, but not the physique. It's men like him that go out of their mindB, or commit suicide, or die of heart-break-which you doctora'call by some other name, of course-when the world's against them. He'll never stand it. Mark my words-Brian Luttrell won't be to the fore this time next year." " Where will he be, Colguhonn ? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains. He won't do anything rash." " He'll be in his grave," said the lawyer gloomily. " He'll be enjoying himself in the metro polis," said the doctor. " He'll have a fine boose and a pretty wife, and he'll laugh in oar faces if we hint at your prophecies, Colquhoun. I should have had no respect at all for Brian Luttrell if he threw away his own life because he had accidentally taken that of another man." .' We shall see," e&id; the lawyer. 