DOWN THE DANUBE. It was a perfect May.uiurning, a veil ot rosy haze, not yot lit up with sunlight, bung over the woodlands of the Prater and almost hid from our view tlie heights of tho Kahlenbcrg, as we sailed between the greou banks of. the Danube to Sim mering, at which place we found the steamer for Budapest. At Simmering we see the island uf Lnbau, which, in 1809, Bcrvcd Napoleon as a rallying point for his army, after hia defeat in the battle of Aspern, the email village which lies behind the island. It is here that he crossed tho Danube and fortified the surrounding banks, until he gained strength to cross the stream a second time and regain his lnst laurels by defeat ing tho Auutrians nt Wagrain. On the right bank of the rivur. a little below Simmering, is the site of the Turkish camp, where Suliman pitched his tent in his first siege of Vienna. There was little of interest until we readied Haiu burg, unless . the Gastlu of Cuunt Otto : Trauu, with its 305 windows, conld be called so. It luoked mure like a glass honst\ as we passed it in tho morning sunlight, than a cassle inhabited by human beings. At Deutehaltenbnri- we caught sight of ail old Roman rotunda, the remains of Roman baths, and a very oid Gothic church iu the centre of a ?. frravojard of past centuries. Hjiinburg, situated upon tho end of the Leitliagebiige, with Tlicban on a Bpur of tho small Carpathians, forms tho Rirta Hungarica, -through which the Danube flows into the land of Hungary. It is one of the most r-ancient towns on tho river. History du . clares it to be of Celtic origin, and later, with DeutchaltonburK and Patronell. i became the Koman Carnatuna. Upon the wooded hill which rises lieside the present town are the superb ruins of tho Human Acropolis, batlis aud antiquitioB of great value, among them an alter found -on tho terrace of tho Acropolis, placed \- there by Marcus Aurelius in 178, are exhibited to visitors. We Baw nothing, however, beyond the Acropolis, and ru niains of thu walls, for Hamburg was once a walled city, and below the to'wn on a grassy promontory thu ciluum raised to the memory of the Roman Emperor Probes, whose soldiers planted the first grapevine in Panouia. In thiB old city if we can believe the ' Nibelungonlied,' Konig Etzel, the Attila af history, spent a night on his way to flight Queen Cliriinhilda, and we are told that a portrait of this great hero is carved over one of the gaU-s of tho city. The ruins of Castle Rothelstcin, and a magnificiuit castle built for Prince Eugene of Savoy, wcro quickly passed as our steainur nearcd the spot where tho river March joins tho Danube at tlie foot of the steep rocky promontory upon which tho celebrated ruinB of Theban stand.' By what mysterious force were building materials ever raised to that height 1 We avis assured that it was built by the Sulaves in the sixth century. Five hun dred years later it canio into the hands of the Hungarian family ,,f lUthory, and 8(»«n .aflur into that of the Palftys. A romantic lore story clings to theso dark gruy wh1J3. A any young knight lovud ami carried oiVa lady. Her parents com manded him to givu her up ; he refused, of course, and the castle was blockaded. ThiB blockade was continued until starva tion prevented furl her resistance. Then the lovers mounted to the summit of the great lower which rices on the extreme point of iho rocky pruinoiju-ry, and ..clasped in each other's arms sprang into tho Danube. It is the most fii.'atful leap imaKinnblt' ; «e f;iirlj- shuddered .-is -?vo looked up to the dark ruin of this toyer, still standing like a sentinel on the verge of the now greuii Hill-side. My young companions had not cuas-'d speak ing of tin's li-gend when the city of Picss bin-g came in si^ht, the ruins of its i.ld ctstlo, like an uvui-rurncd i«a-i.il)lv, .rifii.-ig li'-h nl...,..t thu town. It was in thiB oasllo that Marie Theresa presented her infant Josef, to the Magyar mag nates, and caused that nitnioialjlo ecciie in which they drew their swords, shoutiiiK, ' We will diu for our Kins; !' This castle was destroyed by iii« in 1811. Piessbuip, like Hainburg, is of Ci- ltic «-rigin, and was formerly called Wnitic lawburgum, but was conquered Jind secured liy the Hungarians. Mathias Corvinus often held court here, and after iho Turks took possession of Oieu, Press burg became the crowning city of Uunganuii kings. It has sustained uiaiiy sieges during the wars in the early histoty of Hungaiy, but never passed out -«f Magyar hands after they won it from the Celts and Sclaves. After leaving Picss bnrg tho sconerj- became sli- angoly similar to that of tho Uppur Mississippi. The woods on the banks u«;re gruvnor than those we had left on the Austrian shore, and from under the furred oisers fringing the stream, long flat boats glided out to the river. They were rowed by peasants in oroad-brimnied hats and long blue aprons like a dress skirt ; one would have thought them women but for the long mustachios with waxed' endB, and their dark-blue cloth jackets, with large silver buttons in bunches of three, front and 'uack, and on shoulders and hips. Farther down the river were little mills for grind ing the grain brought by these peasant boats. They are small, barn-like build ings on the very edge of the bank, nver the water, sometimes ; indeed, raised «bove the water itself aud connected wit the land by a boat-bridge. The. wheels that turn these mills are gigantic, seem ingly as ? large as tho mill itself. They turn- very slowly, and rise out of -Mie watery * heir broad paddles drippiug with glistening drops' of -water, recalling to-sny mind Heine's lovely little poem : ' The mill-wheel dripping with diamonds, ., Which in the. golden sunset sVu'no V' , As we sailed past iloab'we -wught» glimpse of St. Martin or Mftrtinsburg, the celebrated Benedictine abbey, built by Stefan the Holy. One of the young ladies of our party bad visited the con vent, end gave , us a charming description of an ivory Alter there, carved in the year 907, containing a pictorial history of the life of. Christ Our steamer soon reached Komorn, which since the time of Mathias Corvinos has been the most important fortress of Hungary. One glance w*8 enough to convince us that it was im pregnable. It has never been taken. On either side of the town small grassy promontories run out into the river like projecting arms, and these are but as outer coverings to the fortress walla, the green banks presenting a row of cannon. From this portion of the river the journey ' was moBt interesting until tve reached Grau, and here the whole town, which was once a 'fortress, seemed now all cathedral. It is certainly a magnificent building, and as we steamed towards it late in the afternoon, the windows blazing with rays of tho setting sun, the gilded cross of the dome -flashing in the light, it seemed a palace not made with hands, but as if let down upon gorgeous sunset clouds from heaven. The cathedral is modelled from St. Peter's in Home, and wan thirty-five -years in building. It stands on a. rocky plateau far above the river, and this plateau slopes in grassy terraces to the banks of the stream. Adjoining the cathedral is the Arch bishop's palace, the seminary buildings, with library and picture gallery, and a large extent of garden; the high walls of which shut out the beauty of those classic BbaaeB from tho . curious observer. It was for the consecration of this cathedral that the Maestro the late Franz Liszt wrote the ' Granor Mass,' one of his ffnest compositions. After leaving Grau the Danube flows between high wooded hills and rocky promontories. Upon theBO banks are a few ancient villages, romantically situated in little bays arid curves of tho river, but nothing especially worthy of interest until the weird ghastly ruins of Visigrad were defined against the deep grey clouds, floating above the rocky billBide from which this castle risea. Visi grad, the high castle, is of Sclavonic origin. It has played a prominent part iu the history of Hungary. It was the favorite summer house of Hungarian Kinus, and Mathais Corvinus expended sue), sums upon it that the foreign am bassadors at his court were bewildered by its beauty, and the Papal Legate named it ' Earth's Paradise.' It was here that Cavl of Aniou, chosen King of Hungary in 1307, held his superb tournaments and festivals. like Theban and many other castle ruins in Hungary, Visigrad haB horrible legends connected with it, and the ghosts of two women are said to wander about its towere, one a princess, the other a peasant. I give these legends as they were told to me while sailing under the gloomy towers, the quiet stars looking down and the moonlight a'troam iug through broken arches, and silvering tho rugged stones of the mighty ruin above us. The story of Lady Clara, the daughter of Feliciau Zach, is the saddest of all tragedies. : She was the favorite maid of honor of Queen Emma, wife of King Robert of Hungary. She was loved by Ladislaws of Poland, the brother of tho Queen. She did not return his love, but through an evil intrigue of the Queen was deceived by the Prince and sent back to her father disgraced, for Ladislaws re fused to marry her. Her father and brothers discovering that she had been betrayed determined to bo revenged on the royal family. One day, as they sat at table, Felician and hie sons rushed upon them with drawn swords, and al though held back by the attendants they succeeded in slightly wounding the King and cutting off three of the Queen's lingers. For thiB attempted assassination tho greyheaded father aud his sons were instantly executed, and tho unfortunate Clara, fastened to the heels of a wild horse, met a frightful death. The other legund relates to the unknightly behavior of Matliias Coryinus. Disguised as a huntsman he won the heart of Vilma, a lovely peasant girl, who lived on the bankn of the Danubo, opposite Visigrad. He used to row acrosB the river to her every evening, and promised to marry her as soou as be could gain the Kimr's consent to their union. A t last tho young girl, driven to suspicion and doubt by the hints and repeated assertions of her com panions, that it was the King himself who was her lover, determined to cross the river, although he had forbidden her ever to do so, and herself gain the permission of (lie groat King, Mathic*, to her marriage with bis forester. As she wub admitted to the festival hall, where he eat surrounded by lords and ladies, she imme diately recognised her lover in the person of the King. Shrieking with wild laughter, she rushed upon him, crying out, 'Thy bride, Mathias, has come to the wedding,' then to the musicians, ' Now play us a Csardas !' She caught the King by the arm, and raising her hand to his face pro nounci J a most frightful curse upon him and }jJ3 house, then with the swift hoes of the wind sho rushed across the hall and sprang through the npon ?wiii'low1 over the para;-ut into the Danube '200 fuut below. Tlie irii:s£ left his. favorite cistle that very day, and never returned to it again. The uld Soliiuan tower, six stories high, that stands lower down on the liauk of the river, is so called because in tho twelfth century Prince Soliman vras imprisoned here for a year and a-hali by his cousin, King Lazlo XV. , against whom he bad vubeU.il. In 1520, Sultan .Boliman conquered Visigrad, aud it became a Btnuighuld of the Turks until Duke Carl of Lothringon in 1C84 freed Hungary for ever Iroin these barbarians. It was too dark before we reached Waitzon, thu next point of interest on the rivur, to sec very much of the city, exccptitschurch-towprs and the outlines of its bouses. -It was one of the largest of the Roman settle ments in Panonia, and rvmnins of Roman aequcducls, with monuments dedicated to Mnrs and Venue, are numerous. A tablet on one of these columns tells us it was the headquarters of the Second Roman Lepion. The lovely isle, Mar garet, wlH-re^Princess jUarnit,. daughter of jBela IV., raised a convent, seemed ciily a mass nf waving trees .is we passed it in the moonlight ; a few, twinkled through tlie lark brancbes, but we could form no idea of its boau'y and the beauty of its convent ruins until we saw them on the following morning in the sunlight, with the whole island hi- c .i 'garden uf delight,' as tho Turks called it, floating on the blue waters. 