THE GEEAT WE3TEBH SCHISM._ At the time or the third jnbilee,. two rival popes claimed the allegiance of the Christian world, It may interest some of our readers, then, if we tell something about the' origin of this state of things; and how it was terminated; or, in other words, if we give a short sketch of the history of that long-continued division among Christians, known by the name of " the Great Western Schism." To tell the story in all its details, would require a large volume ; but the chiefs facta may be briefly sutnnud up. For fifty years! two or more Popes disputed with each other the honour of being the rightful successor of St. Peter ; and the claims bf the- contending parties were so evenly balanced that the nations of Christendom were tolerably equally divided between them : very respectable Boman Catholic writers maintain that it is still impossible to decide with certainty which party was in!the right : Saints workiag miracles are! said, by Bomaaists,tohave been numbered among the adherents of either Pontiff:, and, finally (we quote from the Jesuit Maimbourgh,) even a general Couucil, which had the aid of the Holy Ghost to enable it to decide infallibly which was in the right, was unable to solve the question, and was . obliged to have recourse to its authority, instead of avail ing itself of its knowledge. For the Council of Constance did not venture to decide which of the rival Popes was the true one; bat by virtue of its authority; deposed them all, aud elected a new Pope of its own. The commencement of the great schism dates from the year 1378, from the death of Pope Gregory XI. For seventy years' before that time the papal chair had been occupied by a succession of French Pipes, who, to the great dissatisfaction of the people of Borne, had removed their resi dence from the city to Avignon, in! Franco. And as the Frencti Popes had for the most part nominated Preach cardinals (with whom lay the election of the new Pope), it seemed likely that this state of things would continue. But it so happened that, a little before his death, Pope Gregory had been induced to remove to Bom9, chiefly by the persuasion of Catherine of Sienna, who has been since canonized as a saint, aud who is remark- able as having had (according to her own account, at least): the marks of" this Saviour's wounds imprinted on her body, although, to spare her modesty, no eyes hut her own were ever able to' see them. TLe Pope did not long survive Mb removal io Borne ; and on his death- bed, having a presentiment of the evils which were to ensue, he called his friends together, and solemnly cautioned them to beware of men or women who, under the appear ance of religion, spoke visions of their own devising, Bince that be himself, seduced by such visions, had been led to reject the rational counsel of his friends, mod had drawn the Church into imminent danger of a schism. ' Sixteen cardinals (of whom but four were Italians) entered the conclave, to proceed to the election of Gregory's suc cessor. Previously, however, the chief magistrates of Borne had presented them with, a remonstrance, pointing out to them the miseries which Borne had suf fered from the absence of its spiritual head. ' " The sacred edifices were left without roof, or gates, or walls ; the abode of beasts, which cropped the grass off their, very altars. The faithful were no longer attracted to Borne, either by devo tion or. by interest; so that there was danger lest the unfortunate city should he: reduced to avast and frightful soli tude."- As, the only remedy for these they demanded the election of a Boman or, at least, an Italian Pope, adding some threats as to the extremities to which the people might proceed, if disappointed in their, just expectation. . .The cardinals received still plainer hints, to the same effect, after they had. actually entered on their deliberations. The place of meeting was surrounded .by» tumultuous mob, which at length biirBt even into the recess of the conclave. They threatened the cardinals with per sonal violence if they ventured to elect a foreign Pope — they would Bet fire to the place — they would tear them in pieces — "They would make their heads redder than their hatB;" and they kept up a constant cry, " We must have a Boman for a Pope, or, at the very least, an Italian." At first the cardinals' answered . boldly, that their choice must be directed by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and not by popular menaces ; and that if they made an election constrained by violence, the'- Pope so chosen would not be a real Pope, but an intruder. At length, how ever, they gave way, and elected an Italian, who took the name of Urban VI. The cardinals at first seemed well content with what they had done, and sent round to the different states of Europe, the customary notification of the choice which they had made. Perhaps bad the new Pope given no cause of complaint, they might have continued to acquiesce in the election which ,bad been forced upon them. , But Urban VI. bad scarcely been seated on his throne when he began to inveigh bitterly against the vices of the prelates, their simony, their injustice, their exactions, and their scan dalous luxury. In a short time he had made himself so unpopular that the car dinals determined to take advantage of the violence which had attended his election, in order to declare him unlaw fully chosen. WheD, therefore, the sum mer heat gave them a good excuse for withdrawing from Borne they retired to Anagni, and there commenced their pro ceedings, against Urban. They began by putting forth a public declaration, de scribing the tumults which had taken place at the election of Urban ; stating that they had only chosen him in the per suasion that, seeing the circumstances under which he was elected, be would in conscience have refused the Pontificate. But that, on the contrary, forgetful of hiB salvation, and burning" with ambition, he had assented to the choice ; that under the effect of the Bame intimidation he had been enthroned and crowned, and assumed the name of Pope, though he rather merited that of apostate and Antichrist. They then - anathematized him as a usurper, and invoked against him all aids and succours, divine and human. Before proceeding, however, to the election of a new Pope, the cardinals thought it desirable to obtain the co operation of the Italians, who, as we mentioned before, were members of the Sacred College. But, how were they to ho got to join in opposition to their coun trymen ? The cardinals hit on an ingeni ous method. They separately gave to each of them a secret promise, in writing, that he himself should be the object of their new choice ! The device was suc cessful. The Italian cardinals kept their secret from each other, and repaired to meet their brethren, each confident that he was to be elected Pope. But they had no sooner entered into conclave than they discovered that they had been all alike imposed on ; for a Frenchman was im- mediately chosen, who assumed the title of Clement VII. The B. Catholic world was perplexed between the claims of the rival Popes, and the whole of Europe was divided in their allegiance between them; the two Popes excommunicated each other and his adherents ; and yet these anathemas are stated, by respectable Bomish writers, to have done no harm to anybody, and saints flourished and worked miracleB in the ranks of both par ties ; the schism lasted for a period of about fifty years. We shall conclude this article with one practical inference from the whole story. Bomanists bring forward specious arguments to prove that it is necessary that there Bbould be, at all times, in the Church, a living and speak ing judge of controversies ; and they con tend that if there were not, Christ's Eromise to be ever with his Church would ave failed. Whatever interpretation theorymay puton thepromisesof our Lord, th e facts show that the BomiBh interpre tation cannot be the true one ; for the great schism lasted longer than the period ordinarily assigned for a " generation" of men. A young man, who had barely a rrived at maturity at the death of Gre gory XI., might have died at a respec table old age before the schism was finally healed. And such a man, during the whole course of his life, must have been uncertain where to seek for an infallible guide in controversies. There were at that time two who pretended to be the successors of St. Peter, and the most im portant religious advice given by them was, that each of them assured him that by acknowledging bis rival he Bhould be excluded from the pale of the Church, outside of which there is no salvation. And in this advice respectable Boman Catholic authorities are of opinion that both the Popes were wrong. Well, then, what we say is this : It is no use to a man to know that there is somewhere or other one able to guide him infallibly right, if he cannot tell who that infallible guide is. And it is poor comfort to him to be told that the Church had an infallible guide in former ages, and that it will have one in future ages, if there be no guide to be found while he is alive. If, then, God could leave his Church, for thirty years or fifty, without a head, or uncertain who that head was, he might just as well leave it in the same state for 300 years or 500 ; and whatever is meant, by the promise, that the gates of hell shall not prevail against the Church, we may be sure of this, that it does not mean that the Church shall alway have a visible head, whose religious teaching may be implicitly followed. Alas, even the simple rule, " to adhere to the Bishop of Bome," has its uncer tainties too ; for we have first to deter mine who the real Bishop of Bome is. Now, in all the time between the third century and the Reformation, not a cen tury has passed in which there has not been a schism in the church on this very point, and in which Christians have not been perplexed between the contending claims of different pretenders to the Bomish See. But the case of the great western schism is peculiar in tbiB, that high Boman Catholic authority can still be produced in support of the claims of each of the rival popes, or at least in support of the opinion, that either of them might have, been eafelj followed. Either the Christian world waB for years without a Pope, or else one of the two was the genuine Pope, and the other was an impostor. The real reason why Boman Catholics have been so anxious to make out that there was safety on both sides is, that it is not pleasant lor them to be obliged to confess that, with all their anxiety to find a rule which Bhall deliver Christians from all uncertainty, and all possibility of going wrong, their rule was one which set the half of Christendom in a fatal mistake for the space of several years. We can prove, at all events, from con temporary documents, that the question — which was the true Pope—was one which Christians were at the time held bound to decide rightly, as they valued their everlasting salvation. The cardinals first chose Urban as their Pope ; but they afterwards gave out that thiB choice, having been made by compul sion, and in terror for their lives, was invalid ; and they selected Clement as the true Pope. The following are extracts from acircular issued by the cardinals soon after (see Balazius Vitse Pont. Aven. ii. 847) : — ; "To all the faithful in Christ, the cardinals — bishcpF, prie sts and deaconi: — of the Holy Boman Church send greeting in the Lord. Bavirg been appointed watefcmen by the Lord God of Hobib, and occupying the highest post next after the Boman Pontiff, we are r - bound vigilantly to point ont to the. faithful the dangers which threaten their souls; and the snares and attacks of the 'enemy. Whereas, therefore, we have learned for cer tain, that that sedocer, Bartholomew, formerly Archbishop of Bari, falsely' calling himself Pope, haB, as another Antichrist, sent certain false prophets to different parts of the world, whom he alone aa constituted cardinals, together with some other defenders of bis wickedness, in order that, by false persuasions and crafty suggestions, they may seduce the Christian people, and may cause them, to the eternal damnation of their souls to adhere to the aforesaid apostate ; and whereas on thiB account, oar most holy lord, Pope Clement VII., has desired us, who have perfect know ledge of this matter, to. instruct the faithful concerning it : and whereas it pertains to none others than us, next after onr most holy lord, Pope Clement VIE., to inform the faithful who is the true Pope, therefore, we beseech you nil, in Jesus Christ, for the safety of your souls , to adhere to the eame lord, Clement," &o.;, &0. Here it is taught plainly enough, that the adberentB of Urban perilled their salvation ; and their certainly appears great show of reason in what the cardinals Baid — viz., That if any doubt should arise as to who the true Pope was, no one could be fitter than the cardinals (who are the next highest authority to the Pope) to decide' it; and it is hard to think that any man went fatally wrong who believed him to he the Pope whom the cardinals proclaimed as Buch. However we give an abridgment, on the other hand of Urban'B Bull denouncing Clement, which will be found in full in Baynaldus's Continuation of Baronius, An. 1378, p. 41:— Having enumerated the offences of which Clement and his party (who are termed " those children of iniquity and perdition") had been guilty,. in denying the authority of Urban, the latter pro- oeeds : — " Wherefore, being nnable, without griev ous remorse of conscience, to tolerate any longer sncb wickedness, we decree that Robert and Co. have been and are schismatics, and apostates, and conspirators against us, and blasphemers, and to be punished as heretics ; and we excommunicate and anathematize them, and we depose them from their cardinal- ships, and from all other ecclesiastical. digni- ties, and we declare them incapable of holding any in future, and we deprive certain of their lay supporters of all their dignities, I and of the order of knighthood ; and we con fiscate all the goods of the aforesaid con demned persons, both moveable and immove able, and we declare their persons detestable and infamous, and that they ought to be taken by the faithful and kept in close prison and under safe custody until we command further on the subject." " Further, we excommunicate any person who shall knowingly commit any of the bodies of the aforesaid to ecclesiastical sepulture ; from which excommunication he shall not be absolved until he have, with his own hand, disinterred and cast ont from ecclesiastical burial the bodies of the aforesaid. " Further, we command every faithful per son, of whatever rank — be he king, or queen, or emperor, or of whatever other dignity, even if he be cardinal of the Holy Roman Ghnrch — that he do not knowingly receive any of the aforesaid condemned persons into his city, camp, lands, or posseBBions of any kind ; and that he do not carry, or suffer to be carried, to any of the aforesaid condemned, or to the places where they dwell, any grain, wine, flesh, clothes, wood, victuals, money, merchandize, or any goods whatsoever. " Further, we command all the faithful to assist any persons' who may be engaged in capturing any of the aforesaid condemned persons, or in detaining them when captured, or in transmitting them to us ; and we excom municate any private pereon who shall trans gress the aforesaid commands, or who shall knowingly call the aforesaid Robert (styling himself Clement), by the name of Pope ; or who shall believe or hold him for a Pope ; from which excommunication he shall not be freed by any but the Roman Pontiff, except in the article of death." Of the remainder of the Bull we shall only mention, that he offers to all those who Bhall undertake a crusade for the ex termination of the aforesaid schismatics, and who Bhall persecute them to the ut most of their power, the privileges and indulgences granted to those who proceed to tho succour of the Holy Land; and that he releases the subjects of the princes who adhere to hiB rival from their obedi ence to their monarchs. Here, then, was a comfortable position for a private Christian to he placed in. On the one hand, Urban excommunicates him if he calls Clement Pope, or holds or helieveB him to be so; and he releases him from his obedience to his civil magis trate, if the civil power in question take the part of Clement ; while, on the other hand, Clement is not backward in similar threats, if he hold Urban for Pope. Bem'ember that the main argument for the existence of an infallible guide in the church is, that it is inconceivable that God could have left Christians exposed to the risk of error in any matter concern ing their eternal salvation ; but here we see that the institution of the office of Pope does not preserve' Christians from such risk of error; that, on the contrary; Christians were left for several years together perplexed between the claims of two popes, in favour of each of whom- so muqhmight .be said, and each of whom uttered the most frightful curses against the other and his adherents. 