I'ME. GOLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that w, cot all a dreats.' S B W. CLAOR K ROSELL. CuArEtu XX -(CoaTIrvuD.) The woyage to tue Indiin Ocean and back. anyway,' cried Hiram, ' touching at an island there. Ye'll allow that.' There was a general murmur of assent. 'Very well,' continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, and I should like to knlow if be was to find a countrywoman of oaurs upon that island, or any shipwrecked sailors belonging to the Verulam or any other weoeel, I should like to know,' he cried In his huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyes over the men, ' if there's e'er a seaman here as would say, ' I'm not again' to rescue that there woman or them there muen; it's a job I didn't sign fuor?' There was a pause, broken only by the flip of a sail as the schooner rolled to leeward and the rippling of the water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackening to the night, though their brows stilt held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea. ' Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, ham. mering at a flint for his tinder box, ' if you put it in that way, caut'n, it's right enough. Ne er a man here; I e'pose, believen in ghosts, hobjects ye can see cud yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yaru Johnny lay and listened to wasn't because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes on in parsons' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncom mon hidden from us in this woyage, and wanted to know what it was.' '"Well; ye have the truth,' said Stone;.' and I'll go a bit furder with you yet, mates-the capstn here'll bear me out; the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the islaid, wis 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a marl ? Why, I've known chaps afraid to say their prayers- actually ashamed to ask God's blessing upon them and those ther've left at home-for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, choopin' rather to put aside God's love than be jeered at by the meanest of his creatures.' \Vleil, that's true enough,' grumbled Breeches. ' I myself have had feelin's I shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded.' ' It's all that bloomin' Johnny I' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told thecook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was going to know what we was bound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for the echooner to take 'enr off?' 'And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Sawyer, turning upon the cook, 'that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of relating of it' ' I'll swear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast. ' that I never said nothing about the ghost's heres beint' like ridin' lamps for brightness. Yet Micky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper that forced me to'splain why I hadn't come forrard afore, or rather than I'dr ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been-' and here, as was apparently his custom, he expressed himself willing to incur I all sorts of frightful and horrible ,alarnities, asch as being struck blind and the like. This the cook answered byv calling Joheny many offensive names. But the crew now saw how it was. Tiere was nothing more e to argue about; besides it would be eight bells before lnig, and time for the men who had the first watch below to think of turn. I ing in. ' A queer, notion for them to have got into their neads,' said Uliramr to Stone as they walked aft;. ' better say nothen about it to Mr. Fortescue; it might make him I oneasy.' ' So I think,' replied Stone. 'I dunnn that I'm sorry it's happened either,' said Hiram; 'if the woyage was puzzlig to us aft it was bound to be puzzliig I forward ; but now it's onderstandlable to all hands-at least, onderetandable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind ye, Bill, 7 what I said to. the mnen don't irove that I cease to consider the whole bilin' of this start am?zin'ly soopernat'ral, as Breeches rightly r calls it. I've been running it over all the t aflternoon. and have come to the conclusion e that this here.woyage mrust be regarded as a whim put into the gent's mind by his dream. I If the hearings. of your island are correctly I given, we shall fuid it right enough, but that's all; nothon else but the island, it it ain't a savdade or two l? 'Well we'll-'have-to find that out by waiting,i said Stone. ' My view is, that since as mucn as he could find out about his dream turned out true she other part 'II be true like wise. Ye know,. Hiram, that there's no non sensical piety about me. What I believes in I keeps to myself unless I'm asked to speak. iMy notion is that one soul's quite enough for e a man to look-arter in this world, and that if I he conesarns himseef with other people's nould s he stands ta let his own go adrift. So, touch ing this h-re dream, I don't wrnt 'o hrc'gs:u as if I w is. some convearted retired sea cap' tan, who makes friends with parsons in the I hope of gutting a hoist into a berth ashore e through em ;all that I desire to eay is that c the Being who made them stars, and the I holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everything alliat on it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by outting a u uselul dream into his head as by bending ai gale of wind just when all hands think them eelves lost.' ' Wny, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, following the indication of old Stone's finuer as he I Pointed aloft; '-there's no limiting of the I Lord's power; everybody knows tha, ; and it 'ud he prebumprious.' he added, emphaesiing the 'h' as though he would have Stone to I observe his mastery over difllicult word., ' in me to esy the parson's dream didn't come I from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of wisions was more general. There've been a good many dreams going on in this world ever since Adam woke up and found Haeve along- I side of him, which some married men might consider in the light of a nightmare; but when it comes to one chap being mingled out-' He panesed, and added, ' Tell 'oe what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find r come true' ' What l' said Stone, gaping. 'Why, of a bisland-not with a ghost upon It-but wijth a sienboard standing up and saying. ' Four foot down lies ten tho u. sand pound in good m,,ny.' That 'nd be a I practical dream.. Bus when it comes to femalee in wisions impllorinr' of you--' He I was checked by Stone gripping of his arm, and at the same moment Mr. Forteecue came I out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden I Hope should find matter for talk in wbat Uaptain Weeke had told them. Certainly the curate's dream did not correspond with Johnny's notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost; but it our. nished the voyage with a motive that made it seem a queer and oncommon thing in the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows : and Mr Fbrtescue was promptly transformed into a mnysterious person to their fancy, who had visione.and was to a certain extent pon sessed, and was consequently to be treated, with respect and plitenses, because it was certain he could exerclse peculiar powers, and , was therefore a man not to be offended ona annoyed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breeches's notion, sand therest of the men took it up readily. For several days there was nothing much t talked about in the forecastle but Mr. For tescue's dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he had once heard ;. In fact, they ended in frighrening I oneanother with yarns about apparitions, corpse.candlee, figures of drowned seamen rising in dead calm weather at midnight to rend ships' names, then shaking their beads with gestures of grievonus disappointment and ,inking acnaa; even Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breeches, the cook, Goldemith, and Jim Kitt related a score among them, 'till the night watches became decidedly un uomfortable, and the skipper or Stone would 'wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couple But br degrees the supsestitious feelings among them wore themselves out; the men would notice that the curate was all kind. nres and gentleiese in hise. way to them, that be had always a pleseant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word for the helmsman, whoever he might be; he'd read from the Church Service to them on Sundays, and add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they had found out that they were a nood and willing crew the I captain a smart hand, and Stone a cenial old seaman it was a pleasure to work under; so after they had ' yarned' one another into an anxious and nervous condition, they 'i rired to' asd talked themselves eout of it, all greving--even the cook-that they had P .bllshs r sp xal arrangamest with the aothoS. I never been in a more domturtable tittle cract, nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage, dream or no dream. Indeed, Johnny's carrling his blundering tale forwardf proved os fortunate an occur. rencs as cqula have been wished; for filet, it converted tbe curate into a very impre.eive personage, not an much to be greatly Ilkol as to be extyemely respected; next it raised a curiosity amonguthe crew as to the issue of the voyage, and Ibis put a spirit of unanimity into them; then a certaoin kind of sympathy was begotten for Ir,' IPortesoue, after re. peated discussions in ard on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and griev ing cecretly ; his far-away look would be noticed, the very smile he would give was as but a light upon his face to exhibit how much of esorrow was there, and when the crew took thls acnd combined it with their belief that he could bee visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in his 'dreams, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him the island sbe was upon, and which William Stone knew all about, they felt a sort. of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn and wonderful, superior to I iny kind of jub seafaring men had ever been asked to deat with. But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Forteecue he had no idea that the confession he had rmads to the captain and mate was known forward. He certainly ohserved the askant glances the men would throw at himo, the wide berth they souaht to gire hiim when their duty carried them to and from where Ia was sitting or standing ; then, t14-r on, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the lees apprehensive recognition of hie gentle greeting; but he was too absent ruinded to attach the significance indications of the kind would will from a suspiclous or sharp ohnerver; he knew just enongh about I sailors to iuagine he could not err in attri. hbtting tlny oddities of behaviour to their habits and principles, until the merging of the crew's feelings into a general sympathetic willitignees and contentment left hibmnothing to observe, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The days slipped by, and the voyage to the Indian Ocean promised to he perfectly event lase. They carried a swinginrg northc.wester tirough the Horse latitudes, and picking up the snorth-oJst trade wind, after a couple of days of light hailing airs, in twenty-eigbt de green north, swept tdown the Atlantic with tie thulnder ot the breeze, that blew a fresh I ticle at times in their reefed mainseatil tll1 they found themselves one day creeping and crawling over ia brieny, burnished, glarlngg space of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breathing of air aloft, or watching with eyes that seemed entranced by tile breathless c deep fot the dimmese tarnish of draught faint. iiug cs it came outr of the pale azure rutled by the water-line. This was a trying time for I Fortee*ue. The spell of stagnation mighaes have been endurable to him the other siede of t Africa ;. but here was the eohooner swinging. c helpless near to the parallel oil which the'. island lay, but with a vast continent between, which had to be measured, and the mighty ocean off Agulhus entered before he should he able to verify Scone's solemn aflirma. I tioln. toth the captain and the mate must have I long ao guesseed that the equatorial hbelt would be toe place to tax the patience of the d man whose mind seemed eysu only when the b Goldell Hope was lsehing through the seas, bringing the island closer by every daring and r gracelul leap she took from emerald p ioullws to snowy heiatst ; and until the c braze canme thiat blew them clear of the d eqnator they were constantly apologising for I the weather. a h'oere's April the 5thb Mr. Fortescue,' iliram said, ' and to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such saniine as no I man with a conscience in him could fall foul t of. I allow that the run from the Thames I ias been longer than I bargained for ; but I what are ye goin' to do when its notheu but a thickness and ratchin' ?' And then old Stone would say : Well, this here stillness, sir, ain't cheer. I ful,certainly; but I've always looked upon this part of the ocean as a sort of halting. place for ships. It's the sign o' Neptune, and hero vessele which have Ibern hard drove, whleitler corling from the nor'l or from the south are glad to rest, as the Goldecl Ilope is, t to recruit their health, and dry themselves, atd sprawl a bit in tile an, like henr which y II ere got'upon a esnd-heap and wallow till they rtake it hole, when they cocks a leg and wing out, the wery picture of heabiness, to mcy way of thinkin'. But depend upon it, sir, th' Ilope'll make up for this spell of eittiu' down. I the eoumn-eaes trades ne still t-hluo.in', wait till the schooner catches 'em fair on the port bow, and then ye'll see how far of T he'll allow the Cape to remain in a lew days. lie happened to make this remark to For. tescue to the pr.eeuce of Hiram, who ex claimed:. Want dlye mean, Bill, by saryngit 'ir south.east trades be esil a-blowin' t What's to prewent 'en, ' Well, I dtano, I'm sure,' answered Stone; hut to t-I lyou the truth, skipper, sed many chlrngeos have taken place since I falust went to sea ice a boy, that it's a sort o' defyin' of I'rovidencenot to put Ir before notions which was formerly certatmtiee.' SIlut yot wouldn't say It the sun should rise to-mcrron nrorning, 1ill, en thctagh you wasn't sure ?' exclaimed HIhram, who partly from love of argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Forteecue, would often engage his mate in discuseious of this kind. t Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, 'cause if the san didn't mean to rise to. morrow morning, we should be froze todeath O afore we could speculate on hie intention. I But it's another matter with winds, which if they he governed by laws, dcn't seem to understand 'em When I wav flast oin' to i sea, the north.east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now and the south.est h trade more heasterly. Things are halterin', e don't see how they can help it. Take this here glbe. Astronomers say it's gaielin' in ,tnatter. Consequently it mustl he growing w bigger. Very well Now, take the sun. Astronomers say it's slowly consuming of it. self up; .L think that is likely, for certainly in England it nin't so hot in summer as it used to be. Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's growin' heavier, and the suca's gettin' smaller, our hothit's a changin, which must likewise alter the winde In fact, rmy notion is, Mir. Iirtescue, that in the course of ages, this here globe 'll run short o' water and be driestl p and become like the moon. Who knows,vthat there ain't astronomers in some of the planets watchtitg n tc hrongh telescopes as we watches them, and calculatin' from ecords their ancestors kept, that if this here glohe keeps all on as it is, in so many mil. ions of years it'll le like the moon, without a wisible 'tarn, nothen but face, and that all froz s up ? I'o which Hiram replied: * Why, that may be, for whos goin' to guees what'll happen milliona of years hence, and indeed, Mrt. For teesce, who wants t know ? If there isn't to he no trade winds in them times you'll find otherl aws hoperatin' which 'll answer jestae well. I'm notR a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I'm willing to feel consarnoed In what may happen down to ;uch time as a man's Kreat grand.ohildren are old men and women, but arter that things must become troubles to them as ain't now whorn nor likely to he dreamt tf for a long spell. D'ye see, asir ? No use talking with Stone hereof millions of years. If the sonth. east trades last my time Ishall be satlefied, or there's no chance of my roung 'une takin o seafarin', for the best of all reasouns-I in't got any.' 