CHAPTER XXX. MISON MYSTERIES (CONTINUED.) " I returned to Mr. Palmer, and re lated to him what the follow had said, and I represented that it would, in a business point of view, bo very impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead other men to think that, after all, paying didn't seem in tho least necessary. With Mr. Palmers' coticurrcnco I sat up that night and mado out a fresh return, in which tho namo of Aaron Dutch did not appear. : ' " Tho very day the men woro called out it so happened tliafc tho sheriff visited tho yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis appointment, complained to tho sheriff that I had threatened to koop him in tho gaol unless h'e paid mo £o to bosont olso whero. Mr. Palmer was present, and ho informed iho shoriir that I had nothing to do with tho selection of tho men, as he always, mado tho list out himself. The shorill' took no notico of tho complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for some weoks. " I havo now to spoalt of an event.which grieved mo very much. It soon became know 1 to tho prisoners that all ;bnsiness had to bo dono through tho ' clark.' If a man wanted a visit from a friend, tho clark' was appealed to. If a billot was required it was tho ' clark1 who was fee'd. If there was any money in tho ollico it was tho ' clark' who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crossworkthat was required to bo done had to pass through the hands of the 'dark.' " One day a message came to mo from a man named,Batty, informing mo that ho would give mo fivo pounds to send him to another station. I immediately went to the man and assured him that on receipt of tli'o money ho Bhould 'bb transferred. Ho told me that ho had no money with him in tho prison, but that ho would sond word out and get it. He accordingly sent a noto to somo girl witli whom lie had been living, directing her ..to givo tho ' clark' of the gaol £o to have him (Batty) sdrit to-somb bettor placo. This noto was delivered by a discharged prisonor; and the .house' at which'it was delivered was' ,a; brothel. Tho girl, after, reading the noto, throw it down'upon tho table. A fovy minutes afterwards tho * detective, police 'had occasion to pay a visit to tlio brptholj; and one of them took up tho noto and read it. Seeing in it that the gaol ' olark' had to be bribod, they determined to make i the experiment themselves. With this view they got a person who was not known at tho gaol' to, stop, the: free clcrk of Tipton Gaol as lie was leaving for homo, and maue linn tho oiler of £0 if he would send Batty to another es tablishment. r,. " Tho noxt morning the free blerjc asked mb (ho know very little of; the'business himsulf) it there was a man ,of tho namo, of Arthur Batty in • tho gavl. I. told' him that there was, and lie then asked mo if I could obligo hiin by. inserting his name in tho next list of, transfers.- 1 ari sworod that I could easily do, it if' lie wished it. ,'C ; "No moro was said; I thought in.my own mind that Batty'sfrionds had arrangod with tho froo clork in tho matter, and I was really'glad, as tho man had a largo family; that ho had tho opportunity of obtaining a trifle. Horwas a very gentle-, manly man, and was not in any way con cerned in tho doings of Messrs. Palmor, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, lie judged that things woro not exactly on tho square;'' TI10 ni'xt morning '.the froo clork untorod tho gaol ofUcos as pale as a ghost.;;; Ho was very niucli exoitod, and walked backwards and forwards in the oftico without spoaking a word. At last, turning ,to mo, ho said—' 1 am completely ruinod j what mypobri'amily willdoldon t know. God lielp mb! I'm ail unfortunate man.' r -it . - " Hb thoii wont on to tell mo that on fcho preceding evening lio had accepted a £D-noto from a porson who represented himself: to bo rotated'' jo the' prisoner, Arthur, Batty} which suin wiis givon him' with tho understanding that he was to sond 13atty away, as, soon as j possible, to somo other, station.; that tho person who handed the monoy to him was iii reality a. police agont, acting with the sheriff's con currence, ' and that tho1 shoriir had himself witnessed, from somo window, tho tran saction.' " ' I liavo boon sent for by tho shoriff this morning,' said tho poor clork 5 ' and thoro is a noto in liis possession which, oflioinlly referring torho us tho gaol clcrk, leads him to tho conclusion that I am accustomed to accopt bribes, Ho would not listen to my protestations of innocence, but told me ho had 110 alternation bub to dismiss mo at once.' ; " Indeed,' itiddbd, I was.hoartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as lie stoodbefore me so evidently distressed in mind at his Eosition. ' Ho was well connected ; had eon once a merchant in Belfast; I pitied him much because i. I knew well enough that lie had nevor received' a six penco from anyono heforo by way of a bribe. In faot, he had no. power what ever in,Tipton Gaol to make it worth,any body's while to'bribo him.' Hb lived 111 an atmosphoro of corruption, and ho know it; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, his -surroundings, served to proparo him to yiold to tho temptation, .when the, .iomptaiion was sot, before him. "I..Boon disoovotoil , ,that, tho same weakness' of ! character' whioh had led tho free clerk <0 accopt tho bribe liad also allowed him to make use of monoys which I10 had officially recoived,; and I confess that I thori commisorated liis misfortuno less.'- ' ' " It 'was tho 20th day of tho month (I romombor. it woll) when' his dismissal took place, and ho then had in his possession all the money I10 had received from prisoners and other, sources during the month, as it was his. practioe to settle with Mr. Palmor 011 tho last day of each month,,:. Tho amount that, at the thno of his- ,dismissal, lib - was in-; dobtod to tho gaol' was upwards of £50 rind ho had not a sixpence to pay it with. i„... '••Mi*."'Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with hiin, so lie. accepted a .••pronii«.snry\npte 'fot, tlib'surii) and signed tho'accounts :as ifjho had actually received tho' inohoy. ^ J saw th'o free clerk some tiine aftorwards, when I10 was carrying 011 business for, himself,-and ho thou,told 1110 that'lid had ubvcr paid 'Mr.'Palmor a six ponce, and never intended to do so, •. r •;> ■'. 1. cr ' > » v ! ,. ( U> ' • i. J i -,i.. ' • "Tho force of example ia great, and, therefore, it is not very surprising that the turnkeys of Tipton Gaol were many re moves from boing immaculate. They had not, it iB true, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer's character, but thoy knew something of his proceedings, and suspoctcd a great deal more, ^o wonder then that thoy wore anxious to do a littlo business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of con science as to whether it were legitimate or not. . . , . «« Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly ; nnd no one could have studied more to keep his subordinates in the path of rectitudo than ho did. Secure him self, ho made a point of hunting down others the instant ho became awnre that thoy were trespassing on his domain. I wo eases of dismissal I well rocollect. " Tho first was that of a man named Worth. Ho was attached to tho labor yard of tho prison, and for somo tiino had managed to carry on a,, very profitable business with tho prisoners. On Mr. Palmer's behalf I sold tobacco ab 18s. tho pound j but Worth, as far as tho labor yard was concorned, drove' mo out. of tho markot by selling a. pound of tobacco and a box of matches for li>s. Could this bo toleratod ?' Mr. Palmer declared not. «That man,' said Mr. Palmer, with aglow of virtuous indignation, ' that man must bo detected.' " That man was a married man with a family, and I wns not bo ealloiis-hoarted as to fancy tho job-which Mr. Palmors emphatic 4 that man .must' bo. detected' pointod out for mo to perform. I inti mated my disinclination to tho task of, detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer suid ho would take tho matter into his own hands. ' t " Two days afterwards tho head turnkey was called into tlie oflleo, and Mr. Palmer told liim that Turnknoy Worth (according to ,information given) was in tho habit of taking away from; tho gaol an/ portable article of Government property that came within his reaoh, and that on that very night ho was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Palmer pronounced the.fatal words, ' that man must be dotoctod.' ■ •'And detected.-lip was. As lie was leaving'the "corridor of tho gaol he was stopped by the hoaj! turnkey, and two bottles of the Govornmont" lamp , oil wore found in tho pookots of his over-coat'. Mr. Palmer recommended his dismissal, and dismissed'lie/was. Tho same woek I dis-" posed .of; thirty; pounds of tobacco to the men in] tho labor yard! ; ' " But I haye not'quite done with Mr;' Worth'yet. A fewjdavs after his dismis sal ho presented himself at tho gaol, was introduced to, Mr. Palmer's parlor, and on leaving it took with him'a. recommenda tion to .tho corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by some municipal oflicur. ' " Tho othur caso of dismissal was alto gether of "iny doing. 1 Tho work was cut out; for mo by. Mr. Palmer, and I was. stimulated to, its' 'performance' by a por 'sbiiiil animus. ' ! :! V Tho ,turnkey's namo was Blackbird. I had known for a long timo that ho was engnged'in 'cross-work,' and I had some times employed him myself to do little orranda for mo, always paying him libor ally for his trouble. On 0110 occasion I happened to aeo a gold1 watch advertised Ifor sale',: and as I had some'few pounds by mo, which I hart earned from tho thief ad vocato^ Mr.'Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and see tho watch in order that I might puiohaso it if it wero a good ono, and olieap. Blackbird's report being favor able, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that boing tho price demanded. Tho day aftor Blackbird told me that he had been drinking at a publio-house and had lost the money out of his pocket. This story I did not bolievo, and I gave him to un derstand that he must either bring mo the watch or tho monoy. He declared that he would do neither, and dared mo to speak about it. Six weeks passed away and Blackbird atill had the money. So long had I boon passive, but it was time to act. > "Lgofcto find out, through my agents, that tlioro was a man in tho yard for > who'm'Blackbird was in the habit of carry ing 'out notes. It so happonod > that it wiis one of tlioso agents who wrote tho notes, and so I sent word to > him to say that I' should liko to soo tho next noto before it was given to > the turnkey to take it out. , The note was accordingly sont to ine, and was > to the following ef fect. I don't, pretond to give tho exact words, but > merely the purport:— ' " ' Doar friend,—Tho stuff camo to mo safely, and I now want a lin and somo strikes. Tho .bloak acts on tho squaro, and you must sling him well for me. He tolls mo that Tom will mount for 1110, but I am afraid to havo him.' I'm gallid lio'd settle me. instead of turning me up.; Give tho iln and the strikos to tho bloak, and tell him all particulars. ... " I distinctly romenibor that tho noto was signed with a cross, but tho. namo of the person to' whom 'it was addressed I cannot rocollebt. It ,was, however, as I learned from ;ihy agent, to bo given to the barman of, the Ship Inn in the iirst instance; " I mado Mr. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances of tho case, and I10 pro-, posed having tho turnkey scarchod as lie was leaving tho gaol. I objected to this, as, after all, the note might not be found, and Blackbird would in that ease be always 011 his guard. I suggested that the head turnkey, should go to tho Ship Inn in plainclothes, and toll tho barman that he was instructed to call for tho note, and that ho wished to know whore I10 could find tho person by whom it was loft. I pointed out that his aftor proceedings would have to be determined by tho bar man's answor. It might happen that tho party named actually lived nt tho Ship Inn, or, porhaps, would bo really there when the head turnkoy called, and in such a caso a dilemma would ariso. But I told Mr. Palmer that I was pretty cortain, from all I had heard, that the party to whom tlio noto was addressed would call there in tho courso of tho evening to moot tho turnkoy, who conducted tho business for his imprisoned friend. If this worn tho case, the barman would merely say ho had received no noto, and tho head turnkoy would reply, ' Oh, then, I'll stop into tho parlor, anil when tho noto is brought you can bring jit to mo, and toll the bearer to wait in the bar till I comb out.1 . . ' i 1; ;v 7% suggestion!'wis adopted, arid!'to ;the Ship Iniv the head turnkey repaired in tho evoning as soon as tho lbok-uprin tho prison was over. ; K "Everything happened precisely as I expected. The head turnkey took a seat ■r;- *'•-* -i ' „Jl L'j.'iJ l'u tho parlor, and Blackbird, half-an-hour aftorwards, presented tho lioto at thobur, and thoro remairiediuntil—to Ills conster nation—tho head turnkey walkedoutof tho parlour and said to tho barman— Is tin's tho gentleman who brought tho noto ?' Tho barman replied in tho affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I'vo 110 doubt, a very sheepish look, said that ho was 'sold.' "TJ10 head turnkey reported progress to $Ir. Pulmor, and Mr. Palmor, when Blackbird appeared at tho gaol gates tho next morning, refused to admit him. "It was, 1 daresay, a mystory to .some people how I managed to dross myself in so expensive a slylo ; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold 0110 round my nock ; how, in place of having a watch over 1110, I carricd a gold 0110 in my pocket; how, too, tho usual order of things wns so re versed, that when turnkoys luldrossetl mo tlioy culled 1110 Mr. Green, and that I in iiddrossiug thoin exhibited moro brevity and less politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how somo men who never seemed to work at nil wero liberated, 011 tho reward lubor-systoni, weeks before tho completion of thoir sontencos, It was a mystery to mo how tho higher officers of the Government could possibly bo ignorant of Mr. Palmer's 'character,' nnd that no searching investigation was over niado into tho system (known to half the \vwld) which provniled at his estab lishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to mo how, with such surroundings and such examples,, it can bo oxpoctod that a prisoner confined for any length of time 111 suoh an institution as Tipton Gaol can bo returned to tho world othorwiso than twenty degrees worse than ho entered it." Such wero tho oxporionces of David Groon. I have hoard it slated, that shortly nftor tho publication of Nicholas Nkkleby, Mr, Dickens receivod a host of remon strances from Yorkshiro schoolmasters, who insisted 011 recognising in Dotlioboys hall; their own particular establishment, and in Whnokford Squoers a portrait of thomselves. I should not bo surprised if moro than one or two gaolors should-.fit tho enp 011 thoir own heads,- but they aro not likely to oomhiii the indisorotion of wearing it in public. 