SOCIAL EVENTS Events of the Week. Ilis Excellency the Governor, accompanied by llr. E.W.Wallington, was present at the Criterion Theatr e on Friday, 25th February, 'when ' The Royal Middy ' was performed for Miss Emelie Melville's benefit. On Monday evening his Excellency tlie Governor, the Hon. Rupert Carington, .Lord Sandhurst, and the Hon. J. Mansfield, accompanied by Mr. E. W. 'Wel- lington and Mr. Williams, were present at the Sydney Philharmonic Societ^s concert in the Great Hall of the 'University. Lady Carrington, who had some time ago expressed a wish to hear the oratorio, was prevented by indisposition from being present ; and, although her Ladyship was much better on Tuesday, his Excellency postponed his departure for Melbourne until Wednesday, when he left, accompanied by Mr. ; E. W. WaUington. ?»- i si -?* _ TT ? TT Xvora oananursc ana ine jnun. v . jsj-aiisiiexu, -mu i arrived on Sunday last, also left Sydney for Mel bourne, on Wednesday, to be the guests of Sir 'W. J. Clarke. 1 The Marquis and Marchioness of Huntley, who are now in New Zealand, are expected in Sydney about April 1st, on a visit to Lord and Lady Carrington. Lord Sandhurst and the Hon. J. Mansfield are to return on the same date. Lord and Lady Aberdeen, will arrive in Sydney i about the middle of April, on a visit to hi? Excellency and Lady Carrington. ? j The friends of the German Church in Sydney took advantage of the presence of H.I.M.S. Adler in the bay to organise a concert in aid of their funds, and to secure the help of the band of the Adler. Captain von Wietersheim readily gave all possible aid, and Friday, 25th, was fixed for the evening's entertain- ment. Never was bunting more tastefully displayed than in the decorations of the Protestant Hall, which had been entrusted to the sailors of the Adler. Dif- ferences of creed and country were alike forgotten, and amongst the contributors were M. Henri Kowalski, M. Horace Poussard, and Mr. W. Morgan, with Frauliens Emma and Christine Walther ; the German Glee Club; Herr Winckelmann, a fine 'cellist ; and Herr Laughanns, pianist. The band of the Adler played three selections, and Dr. Max told a ghost story in English which suffered in the trans- lation. The audience was as cosmopolitan in cha- racter as the performers were. The musical selec- tions were good, and the cause for which the enter- tainment was given will benefit considerably. On Monday last an afternoon dance was given by Captain von Wietersheim, on board the H.I.M.S. Adler, which was most charmingly decorated with flags, evergreens, and flowers. Boats were in readiness to convey the guests to the vessel, which was a pleasant retreat from the intense heat of the town. Amongst the guests were Mrs. Paul, who has lately returned from Europe with, her two daughters; Herr G. Travers, Consul- General for the German Empire; Mr. W. Battels, Mr. Otto Bauer, Mrs. M'Millan, Miss Creer, Dr. and, Mrs. and the Misses Eichler, Captain Meier of the Hohenzollern, Mrs. Henry M'Quade Commander Pike, R.N. Captain Harrier ; Commander Pullen, R.N., Captain H.M.S. Lark; officers of H.M.S. Rapid, Mrs. C. J. Roberts, Miss Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Justus Scharff, Mr. R. Böker, the Misses Montefiore, Mrs. and Miss Kiss, Miss Reynolds (Melbourne), Miss Mabel Byrnes, Miss Scholte, Dr. Schwarzbach, &c.; Captain 'Wieter- sheim and his officers exerted themselves in all possible ways to entertain their guests. The ship was inspected, and great interest shown in some rare curios from the islands. One mask, contrived to fit over a head and face, with a wig of cocoanut fibre, eyes starting from their sockets, and a huge nose, to be adjusted at pleasure, caused much amusement ; a black and singularly ugly monkey from Batavia is one of the ship pets. About six the return journey commenced, the visitors expressing themselves much pleased with their entertainment. Sir Patrick Jennings had but a short stay in Mel bourne, but part of that time was pleasantly spent in assisting at tne wedding of Miss Marion Halliday — daughter of Mr. William Halliday, of - DelviHe, St. Kilda, and Brooknong, N. S. W. The cere mony took place at the Scots Church, Collins- street, which was crowded with guests and. onlookers. The bride wore a trained gown of ivory satin duchessfe, the front veiled with exnuisite Mechlin lace, and riHp panels of lace were embroidered with pearls. The wreath was of myrtle andorange blossoms, the veil of embroidered tulle, was rastened with a diamond arrow, a ? necklet of tlie same .gems was worn, also a diamond brooch secured .the spray of bridal flowers on the corsage. These were the special gifts of the bxide'6 father. Five bridesmaids attended her, the sister of the bridegroom, who is well known in Sydney, being of the number, .in addition to two of the bride's sisters. They were dressed alike in cream-tinted frocks, draped with lace, and cream lace hats with pheasants' wings, and each wore a pearl brooch, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids awaited the arrival of the bride at the church, and accompanied her to the altar, where the bridegroom and Ms best man {his brother) were ready. After the service, celebrated by the Rev. W. Hay and the Rev. Charles Strong, the wedding party and guests drove to Delville, where a large marquee had been erected for their entertainment. There were fully 200 guests, including Sir Patrick^ and Lady Jennings, Miss Jennings, Sir James- and Lady MacBain, Mr. and Mrs. W, : Kerr .Thompson, Mr. and Miss . Godfrey Mackinnon, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Douglas, Mr. and Mrs. Kiddle, Mr. and Mrs. Chesney, Mr. and Mrs. Orkney, Mr. and Mrs. Raynes Dickson, Mr. and Mrs. James Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Sloane and the Misses Sloane, the Rev. Charles and Mrs. Strong, Mr. and Mrs. William Wilson, &c.;, &c.; The presents were exceedingly handsome and included per sonal and table ornaments in abundance. The speeches of Sir Patrick Jennings, Sir James MacBain, and of the best, man were particularly happy. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Kiddle left town for the Gippsland Lakes about 4 o'clock, the bride wear ing a handsome tailor-made costume of navy blue ciotn wixu wmte vest ana navy oiue suaw oonnec. The Bohemian Club entertained the Earl of Dudley at supper on the 23rd February. Dr. Hull and L&rd; Deerhurst were included in the guests, and the attendance of members was large ana fashionable. Cake fairs are now the fashionable means of raising money for charity in Melbourne. Mrs. Attenbo rough recently raised £60 for the children's hospital by a fair in her grounds. Mrs. and Miss Croker have ar ranged one in aid of the Toorak and South Yarra Try Society, and tlie St. Kilda Cricket Club have received £110 from a similar fair Ijpld in the St. Kilda Skating Rink. The city organist of Melbourne, Mr. David Lee, who was one of the visitors at the Jubilee muni cipal gathering, and is also hon. conductor of the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, has had a compli mentary benefit concert, and been, presented 'with a testimonial from the society through tlie president, Sir George Verdon. Mr. and Mrs. David Lee go to Europe for six months. . During the present year Mrs. Cain, Mayoress of Melbourne, will receive her official guests at her private residence, and not, as usual, at the Town HalL A proof of the progress little Bessie Doyle is making in her musical studies is given in the awarding her a scholarship at the beginning of this year. Little Ernest Hutchison, the musical prodigy from Melbourne, is now a pupil at the Leipsic Conservatorium. 