OUR SUPPLEMENT-WOLLONGONG. THE beautiful and fertile Illawarra district is, as is well known, amongst the most specially favoured in the colony. In length about sixty miles, and extending, laterally, from the coast range to the sea, its carboni- ferous and agricultural wealth could not fail to make it a thriving and prosperous tract of country, whilst the extreme beauty of much of the scenery is such as to make the name of Illawarra famous throughout the continent, and even far beyond. Within the limits of the district are many vigorous and interesting towns, amongst which may be named Wollongong, Kiama, Shellharbor, and Bulli. The name of the last has, it need scarcely be said, been terribly emphasised of late. We furnish, by way of October "Supplement," an expansive view of the first-named and most important of these towns, Wollongong. This flourishing place is situated, speaking topographically, in the county of Camden, and is distant 64 miles in a southward direction from Sydney. As a seaport it ranks third in the colony, being surpassed, of course, by Newcastle and Sydney. Before the construction of the breakwater the harbour was very defective ; but this work, in conjunction with the deepening and enlargement of the old basin, and the excavation of the Belmore Basin, has enabled Wollon- gong Harbour to fulfil all demands made upon it in connection with its large and increasing export trade in agricultural and dairy produce, and, chief of all, its coal interests. The principal collieries are the Osborne Wallsend, Mount Pleasant, Bulli, Clifton, Mount Kembla, and North Illawarra, some of which are situated many hundreds of feet above the sea-level. Lines of loco- motive railways connect most of the coal pits with the port, and the Wollongong coal is said to be preferred by Her Majesty's ships, and some of our largest steam Companies, to any coal procurable in .the Southern hemisphere. A very large number of men are employed in this important industry. The town of Wollongong is picturesquely situated at the base of Mount Keira, which is 1,540 feet high. It is well laid out, and the architectural arrangement is very good. The houses in many instances are finely built, and many of the banks, churches, stores, public buildings, and hotels, would adorn a town of fifty times its size. The breakwater is, of course, a very substantial and important piece of work, and was absolutely necessary for the development of the town and district. It ÍB surmounted by a very fine lighthouse, furnished with the latest and most powerful illuminating apparatus procurable. Our " Supplement " conveys, amongst other points of graphic interest, an excellent idea of the manner in which the busy cranes and coal staithes are worked. The utmost facilities have been provided for the speedy transhipment of the coal, which is so important a factor in the prosperity of the district. The population of Wollongong is about 3,000 persons, and the surrounding district is well peopled by prosperous settlers, engaged largely in farming, and ¿he develop- ment of those dairy interests for which this part of the colony is notable. The town boasts of two papers, 'The Illawarra Mercury," and "Wollongong Argus," a Municipality, an Albert Memorial Hospital, a School of Arts, with its literary accessories, Agricultural Societies, a Turf Club, a Gaslight Company, and many other indications that it has passed the tentative stage, and is already on the high road to successful expansion. Our "Supplement" gives a capital and striking panorama of this important town, the future of which is assured. Situated amidst enormous carboniferous deposits, sur- rounded by broad and beautiful tracts of unsurpassed fertility, and peopled by an industrious and energetic population, it " needs no ghost come from the grave " to tell us that Wollongong is certain to fulfil, more and more, its destiny as a powerful centre of wealth and enterprise. 