Notes on my Beat. I The feelings of every reader of the r olonUt last week will be In sympathy with tbe accused in connection with tbe Glen Innes abduction case reported that issue. He whs a yonng man and she waB 16J years old. Tbe old people after encouraging: them, would not let them marry and so they bolted. This, of course, in the eyes of stern morality is very wicked, naughty conduct, but as most of our parents have been in love themselves, many of tbom at least will not be able to see tbe force of bringing a criminal prosecution against tbe hero of a romantic and must determined attach ment. The prisoner out on bail had been at first led to believe that bis suit was favored by tbe old couple, but on their turning rusty, he, according to law, should have become fickle. This seema handly a fair reward for the jewel con stancy. Ttie law relating to miuors wants altering sadly. Tbe woman who does not know her mind at eighteen is rare, and the application of the old Eng lish laws to this country, where many ] girls are marriageit-le at seveuteen years as in other tropical and semi-tropical climates, is ridiculous. Speaking of the matter of courtship | reminds me of bow much wiser the . Americans are in their mode of throwing the young folk together than ourselves^ ' In all circles in that country, where! virtue is at least s« plentiful as anywhere | else, it is not the custom to surround the eligible girls with a barrier of etiquette and rigid social laws which repel rather than attract tho?' of the opposite sex ' inclined that w ly.' In the United States the young women, and more especially those moving in wealthy circles— that is of course the best, dear Mrs. Ponsonby -ii* Pointlookout, iu that uopedigreed country — have their own callers who are n't obliged to display to the amusement or pert youngsters their mutual understanding. She is allowed to go with her h.vpr to tbe theatre and other places of amusements without, being haunted hy that ghost of respect ability the wet blanket chaperone. The pair see each other and learn each others peculiarities previous to marriage, and are thus often s:ived from perpetrating one of those unsuiiahle matches, the nut comeof incompatibility of temper. The risks of draeeiu^' out miserable exist ences tied to each other for life are there minimised, but -?- most other English speaking countri'1* the young man is allured by a wbnleboned doll, which turns out after marriage to have very inferior sawdust within. According to recent Sydney papers ' the work of clearing away the rookeries of tbe city goes on apace,' and when one thinks of the nervous action recently dis played in similar dealings by the Mary- j borough Conncil, one cannot heln wish ing that we had a firm Mayor and united Aldermen to take np the question aud fight it out to the bitter end. What a disgusting one Adelaide-street i9 in spite of a few fine buildings, the latter only serving by contrast to bring out more strongly the squalid wretchedness of the hovels around. Because a house is safe, is no reason why it should remain to de file all tbe surroundings, but tbe Marybo rough aldermen were beaten in their last attempt, and they appear content to re .maiD beaten. However, there is evidently taome legal mode of wiping off the face of nhe globe these undesirable tenements, or ?else the Sydney and Melbourne authori ties would not be able to sweep their cities clean of them. I trust the Counci will stick to the matter and refuse tore cognise the right f-f stingy'misers to make some of our streets as unsightly and un even in appearance as portions of China, town in Sau Francisco. The day tbat this appears iu print the the Premier will be in Maryborough. I have often thought what an odd thing if must be to be a member of the family of a public man, especially of a leading poli tician, and to read and bear the criticism which one's parent — probably well loved and respected — undergoes at the hands of the press and peoplp. It must be exhi larating to read at breakfast in the morn ing a leading article pointing out that your father has now reached tbat pitch of iniquity that tbere is no going back, and that he must foreversupport himself by the grossest lies, political frauds, and general all-round blackguardism, or words to that effect. To know that some look upon him as a dishonourable man for no reason whatever, beyond political differ ence, and to feel tbat bis every effort will be construed by a certain section of the community into some vile plot to fill his own pockets, at the expense of the community, is not all joy. What the comforts of puhlic life maybe it is very hard to conceive. Ambition, of course, produces tbe desire for high position, but I should have thought that a man with meanB, and a profession, could hardly be tempted to try such a life for a second period. However, ' they all do it.' ***** And what a fearful contempt must a man of this clam get for a number of bis fellow creatures. I believe rayself tbat Disraeli was no less one of Nature's nobleman than Gladstone, aud that Sir Thomas M'llwraiLh and Sir Sainut-I Griffith are equal in education aud gentlemanly refinement. Such natures must therefore receive some severe shocks jn knocking against the crawl ers and fawners who surround them when in powvr, What must these leaders think when they land at cer tain places and find themselves wel corned not only by the populace — for as Premiers for tbe time tbat is right — but by leading electioneering dodgers, whose honeyed tongues can pour forth praises at the subsequent banquets on tbe very parties tbey have ao maligned on previous occasions. If it is necessary for leading politicians to keep in friendly touch with these rascals, place 'servers, and self-seeking indi viduals, bow poor an opinion tbey must iu time obtain of their fellow creatures. There are praises in store for Sir Samuel to-night, praises wbicb are kept on a shelf for State occasions, with the curses. The former are trotted out for Sir John | '' Brown, Sir John Jones, and Sir John j Robinson when respectively in power, and tbe corses are kept for them In due order when, weak, * ? » * * * ♦ * The schools have broken up and the youngsters are once more free to rob or chards and plague ma.' It is wonderful what security we seem to have in our State School system, and how few thoughts we spare for improving and bringing up these childreu. If we had to pay directly for their education we should, I think take more interest iu tbe question, but as matters now stand, a State school is an exceedingly cheap aud convenient establishment for keeping the boys and girls out of mischief aud away from thoughtless parents. I do not meau to hint that the education given is invariably a secondary consider ation ; ou the contrary, the majority of parents are well pleased to have their oil spring educated, aud others are quite content tbat the children, while being kept out of harm, should be employed usefully. But I do not think that either legislators or the parents take sufficient iuterest iu the system we encourage. Year by year we pay, almost unquestioned, for public education a munificent sum (£160,000 I think it bas now grown to) without a murmur, and without an enquiry as to whether we are keeping up with the advance which the outside world is undoubtedly making in national education. Tbe space at my disposal does not allow of my giving full vent to ray opinions on this education question, but the manner of training teachers, their prospects of becoming fit to teach, are certainly wor thy of special space. Tbe present ar rangements do not give sufficient scope for the introduction of fresh teachers on our staffs. Every now aud agaiu an in dividual school is favored with a head teacher from some outside colony or foreign clime, who may bring fresh ideas as well as experience, but the main por tion of teaching is done by those educated in tbe same or some neighboring school. As a consequeuce we have what I may term au inbreeding of teachers, which, must lead to helpless routine, clogged ideas, and confined enterprise. Tbe student teachers have to give an out rageous proportion of their attention to filliag up comparatively useless forms and, classification, and in the weary hour wbe.i this dry work aud that of teaching is over, the future head teacher has to study for his or her o»u impiovemeut. If tbere was a separate college where young p«rs'-us could become fitted for their duties and independently edu cated the result would be fir happier. Discipline I feel sure would would under 3uch circumstances he better, and the young teachers would not be driven to giving a smattering instruction to the pupils because they, in their turn, have received a similar educatiou from tbe former teachers whose knowledge was jnat as confined for the same reason. T should be glad to get a word from my teacher friends who may care to write to me on the syst?m, in strict confidence. Generalities I want aud not personalities. This Salvation Army row is a mystery to me. What on earth has Jenny Wat bins done to deserve the attention of a multitude or the castigation of a religious sect. And what has '? Major' Wright performed that he should be honored with a police escort, and have his fine taber nacle stoned ? Why a whole town should be turned upside down to accomo date a quarrel of this sort is unaccount able. Supposing tbat Miss J. Watkins or Mrs. Godfrey, as the Major terms her. is not all that is perfection, what then? She is not the only person in the Salva tion Army worthy of abuse on tbe scorn of virtue, and th» public denunciation of such a woman se^ms to me quite unneces sary , aud the very reckless cause of a silly hubbub and the means of manufac turing an uncommonly uninteresting heroine. However, I confess I have not got the hang of the accusations or of the reasons for wrecking the Army ball. I wish, however, tbat I had been on duty and handy to the blackguard who cried ' fire' that night. Of all the miscreants on earth this vile thing must be among the worst. He would actually consider it a good joke to tee people crushed to death as tbe outcome of his folly, and yet, I daresay, if I was tbe public floeger and had to lay it on bis bare shoulders, he would cry like a woman the first stroke. Would tbat I bad tbe chance. * * * * * The following which I take from a South Australian paper, the Kapvdn H raid, is not bad for vituperative power aud force of bate : It is worth insertion : —'The most detestable creature that has life is a sycophant ; and of all pycophante the sporting editor of the Morning CaU is most thoroughly and cousumately de tectable. For the man who flatters au orphan idiot to cajole it of its drool one feels a certain toleration not unmixed with respect for his ingenuity. The chap who alwayB speakB well of pigs in the hope that he may be permitted to share theirswilland entice theirfieas, commands admiration for bis versatility of purpose But the reptile who grovels before base ball players — who prints these persons names singly, and slobbers each with a recommendation individually applicable —who waphes their reeking feet with life long, lithe lieker, and dries thein with kisses, this toad, this snake, this leech, thi* louse may justly boast of a demerit absolutely secure from the belittering erosions of charitable interpretation and allowance. He occupies an eminence of unwortb tbat is inaccessible alike to tbe ministration of comoassion and assaults of eKecration. I don't know vbo tbe villain Is, but if be will come tothlB ofijee and reveal bis identity hy assumption of his customary attitude, I promise to dust tbe dome of bis trousers with a masterly and incomparable kick, in tbe memory and relation whereof be shall ever there after experience a natural and proper pride.' CONSTABLE X. ^ Towlk's PK.vKyBOYAir Ayp Steel Pii.ij* i'ou Fj'MAles quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing Bymptons ao pre valent with the sex. Boxes 2s. 9d., of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T. Towle, CliemiBt, Nottingham, England. Agents for Brisbane — Berkeley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists; Elliott Bros. & Co., Wholesale Druggists 