CONSECRATION OF A ROM.AN CATHOLIC BISIHOP. The consecration of the Very Reverand Dr. Corbett, who is to be the first bishop of the new see of Gippsland, took place at St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, on Thurs day last. Archbishop Carr was the conse cratory prelate, and be was supported by" Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide; Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania; Dr. Murry, Bishop of Maitland (N. S. W.); Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; and Dr.. Reville, Coadjutor-Bishop of Saudhurst. Dean Beechinor, of Launceston; Prior Vaughan, Superior of the Redemptorist order of New South Wales; Very Rev. Donaghy, Prior Butler, Very Rev. C. Nulty, S. J., and a number of other' clergy were also present on the occasion. The bishops and clergy preceeded by acolytes bearing lighted candies entered. the church in procession and preceded tc the sanctuary. The ceremony was .com muenced by Archbishop Carr calling upon the very Rev. J. Begarty to read the" mandate of his Holiness the Pope, during. which the bishop-elect sat facing the altar. He was then called upon to make his dec laration of faith and loyalty to the church, after which the mass was begun. At the introit Dr. Corbett was conducted to the high altar, and prostrated himself, being blindfolded and the Gospels placed on his shoulders by the very Rev. Dean Donaghy, whoactedas master of ceremonies through out. The Archbishop then came forward and performed the consecration, anointing. the bishop elect with holy oil on the fore head, and afterwards embracing him, as. did the other bishops. The ceremony was completed by the Archbishop placing the ring upon the bishop's finger and the mitre upon his head. The cruzier was then placed in his hand, and he was con ducted to a seat in front of the high altar. The sermon was preached by the Rev. J. O'Farrell, 0. S. S. R., one of the Re demptorist Fathers from Waratah, New South Wales. He took for his text the words from the Gospel of St. Matthew, "And Jesus advancing said unto them, All power is given to me in Heaven and on earth; go ye, therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, instructing them to observe all that I have commanded you; and be hold I am with you all days, even to the consumation of the world." The rev. gentleman, after dwelling on the import ance of the ceremony just completed, said that by receiving the episcopal ring the new bishop was reminded that he was neow bound by great oblioations, as he was now more closely unitea with God, who had bestowed a mark of distinction upon him. By the crozier, his pastoral staff, he was invested with episcopal authority, and reminded that he mmust be a just and zealous guardian of the flock entrusted to his care. The mitre placed on his anoint ed head reminded him that he must fight the battles of Christ and lead his flock on to victory. oe congratulated his hearers on being present at so important a cere mony, and sympathised with the new bishop's parishioners on the loss of their late zealous pastor, who had led them and endeared himself to them for twenty-five years. The musical performances were undtr the direction of Miss W-ilkinson, who pre sided at the organ. Haydn's Imperial Mass was sung, the principals being Miss Kate Maher Miss Frederica Mitchell, Mr. Mavorand Mr. Thompson. At the offer tory the hymn Vrei Sacnde Spiritu was sung by 'hIr. Thompson; Zengmrelli's Laudate was sung by Mr. Mayor, assisted by the full chorus on the entrance of the procession. After the consecration the Te IDumn (Lambolletto's), which was. brought from Europe by Miss Wilkinson, was sung by the full choir; and the Hal lelujah Chorus from the Messiah was ren dered by the full choir at the conclusion. of the serice.--Ag. 