[?] THE TEACHING OF THE CHURCH' OF ROME. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Dear Sir, — Tho peoplo are so generally slow to believe, that the Church of Rome really doos teach and instigate all this Irish crimo, which Legislation seeks to suppress, that those who affirm tins faot are constantly called upon for proofs. When we affirm that the liberty for which Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Pnrnell, Mr. Davitt, and Mr. O'Brien plead on the behalf of that church, is not the liberty of worship and civil rights, which all papiBts have in common with tho Protestants in the North of Ireland, but a liberty to kill and rob, these protestant people Btaro us in thejface, and seem to think wo have gone wrong in our minds. Yet, this is absolutely true. Doos the Church of Rome either denounce or excommunicate tho Irish murderers and robbors ? She can denounce parents, and excommunicato them, and cast them out of her " holy graves, to be buried with us heretics, for daring to ' send their children to the Grammar School, or to a Publio School ; but to her dear murderers, robbers, and criminals, she takes her priestly absolution. She has no denoun- ciation. or -excommunication for them. Theso nro some of tho proofs wo urge, that tho Pope, Priests, Jesuits, and Bishops of .the Church of Rome encourage their poor victims to the com mittal of the crimes in Ireland, which - the Crimes Bill now in passage through tho House of Parlia ment, seeks no suppress. The liberty for which tho Glad8tonians plead, is licenso for the poor dupes of Romo to commit theso horrible deeds. Whor. Liboralism meant equal, civil and re ligious rights for all, then wo woro Liberals. But now it means liberty to kill, rob, and curse your neighbours. We are Conservative to the inmost soul. The following is from the N.Z. Truth, and of our mind upon the subject : — Lord Robert Montagu says : " It is no hypo thetical case that has boon stated, but a real ex perience. The course of thought, or tram of idoas which led the Church of Rome, has been ex plained, and all thoso ideas havo been seen to rest on the doctrine of the Visibility of tho Church, while holiness has been fouud to bo an ossential characteristic of the Churoh of Christ (as opposed to Rome). Tho shock which was experienced at tho DISCOVERY OF THE GROSS IMMORA LITIES. (Lord Robort put tho above words in capitals) of tho Romish Priost, and tho knowledge that the Prelates of Rome taught tho doctrines of rebollion, excused dishonesty andjmurdcr " (mark it roadcr, Sir Robort charges their highest orders with excusing murder), excused dishonesty and murder, fomented agitations, disregarded the sacred and binding character of oaths, and were always carrying on political intrigues. The shock that was experienced by that discovery, caused an anxious examination of the first principles of the course of thought which had led Romo, and the essential character vine .found, wanting, the note, or mark of tho true church was not in the Church of Romo. " Tho arguments which had been vaunted in favour of tho visibility of the Church of Christ, were also seen, not only to be hollow and specious, but to disprovo tho cataclysm and subversion of tho whole superstructure, and the destruction of the course of thought which had led to Rome. "Our Lord said, John xiv. 21-24: He that hath my commandments and keepoth them , he it is that loveth me. He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings." In this the children of God are manifest (says John), and tho children of the Devil, whosoever doeth not Righteousness, is not of God, noither he that loveth not his brother. Apply this to the Roman Church, says Lord Montagu, " take one example only, " the Bull in Cccnd Bomine," which is in force in England (now, yes ! now). " We excommunicate and curse on the part of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Roly Ghost . . . all heretics, and all who favour and defend, them, and also all schismatics toho secede from obedience to us, and to the Roman Pontiff for the time being." Archbishop Doyle swore, on his examination, that the effoct of this Bull is, that all "countenance, salutation, fellow ship, and food or hospitality," must be denied to every one who is not in full obedience to the Pope. Reader weigh well theso words, and preservo care fully a copy of this paper to quote their own words when you hear it said " Protestants are not chari table to us. Protestants cause dissensions, and do not accept our love and our leaders." Protes tants reiuso to makejus " their Kings." "Refuse to make us their Prime Ministers." "Refuse to give us Power." Alas, Protestants pay the price of that Bull whenever they give tho reins to Rome. Look at poor Spain and Portugal, struggling under an in cubus. Look at Rome, obliged to purchase free dom with the bayonet. Look at poor Ireland, year after year, month aftor month, week after week, urged on by the Priest to rebellion, murders, assassinations, and kept in ignorance. The Priests educated in slavery. Unmarried Priests, that even Romanists say "are the last men to be trusted." Arc Protestants uncharitablo ? We nourish, feed, help, give a Million-and-a-quarter yearly to Roman, Catholics to do what ? To issue a Bull that curses, every one of us, and forbids the Roman Catholic to givo to us either fellowship, food, or hospitality, and Romanists will frankly confess, that if they got into their hands the Political reins next year,, they would practice their " Bull " as their " Act of Parliament." That bo- foro God they are bound to carry out when op portunity offers." That is their expression." ' Gokdox Fomoxa. Thus, dear; Sir, I maintain that we havo tho fullest evidence for what we charge homo upon the Roman Church, and Mr. Gladstone, both from the Church of Rome herBelf, and from noble men, who havo juBt left her deep abyss, for the yillainydhey. saw. in lior, and from all men of diligent research, good sense,- and honeBty of pur pose. ' ; Rome is said, to bo of the old sorpontwlio- de ceived Eve, by turning tho . truth of God into a lie iii: her ears ; , so does Romo now. with shallow Protestants. This wily snake charms the poor birds into its . mouth as it's pi'oy, Wo seek to break its spell,, and -'save, the birds from it's poisonous jaws. 1 remain, doar Sir, Yours very trulv. DANIEL ALLEN, Pastor. Sydnoy, May 23, 18S7. 