CUSTOMS DUTIES ON FARM PRODUCE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir,— In your issue of the Uth mat. a latter appears from Mr. Edward Pulsford, secretary Freetrade Association, in which he professes to introduce a little cool reasoning upon this ques- tion, anu or course ne assumes uuu u« ja iu < position to thoroughly deal with the matter. With Your permission, I should like to state a few facts in reply. Bacon aud Hants.— In the first place, he tells 'us that since the imposition of the duties in 1871 the supply of pigs to every 100, 1)09 or the population has been considerably less than the supply for 10 years prior thereto. Assumiug that the figures quotedi by Mr. IMib- ford are correct, what docs this prove? Will Mr. Pulsford give us the quantities of the manu factured article produced in this colony and the quantity imported prior to and since the impo sition of the duties,? It will be fouud that the returns included thousands of pigs which were reared iu a wild state iu different parts of the) colouy aud were of little or no value ; in fact, as;the laudsibecame settled many thousands were destoved as vermin. What, however, has taken place since the duties were imposed V We find that the value of piga ba< iucreased iu all parts of the colony, and iu this district the increase is over 3W) per cent., with the result that the manufactured article has also largely .fiucretised aud is still increasing. The register also shows that, whereas in 187,1 there were 2U,H)fi pigs, the number iu 1830 was increased to 308,205. Suice that year the .droughts have greatly teuded to decrease the number, no doubt, prior to 1871. Also, large numbers of pigs Iwcre fattened in this colony aud exported luto Victoria, and from theuce were imported into Sydtiev as bacon aud hams. This lias, however, now ceased. Mr. Pulsford says: "Vet4herc, in ,the face of an euorujons duty, there is not the ghost of a sign of any iuereaso, but very substantial evidence of decrease;" and theiefore this is the ground upon wbicli It is urged the duty should De repealed. So says Mr. Pulsford ; but at the same time he does not show that since the duties were imposed the cost of the manu factured article is increased. .This, however, be cannot, do. Cheese. — With reference to this article of produce, Mr. Pulsford argues that because in 1883 we were in a positiou to export largely the supply exceeds the demand, and therefore there is no need or a protective duty. In ths case of bacon and bams, the position being reversed, and according to Mr. Pulsford the demand exceeds the supply, the argument is that a pro tective duty is iJOt required. Such is the state ment made. Now, let lis look a little further iuto the matter and see whether the fanners will reap or benefit by a protective duty. Prior to 1871 the present factory system of cheese- making was unknown, 'or at any rate 'uot em ployed iu this colony; consequently a much less quautity and an inferior article was manu factured hero. Since that date large areas of .laud have been purchased from the Crown, large sums of money have beeu expended in imbrovements and in erectiug factories and rearing suitable stock. In cousequence of the encouragement giveu by the imposition of the duties, large quantities have been produced and we have been in a position to ex port. This has given employment to hundreds of families, and has encouraged a settled population. The 'poiiceldistrict of Bega jis, for instance, a purely dairying district, the esti mated population being by the police returns 7GQ0. There arc 2u0 dairies "and 53U landowners, these being almost cnlirelyidepcndent upon the dairying industrj. Now,'' although, us Mr. Pulsford says, we.exported in 1838 cheese to the 'value of £10,871, are we in a position to cou- tiuue this ? By reference to the register it ap pears that, in 188 1, these exports fell to £4U1>7 and in 1885 to £'1500, and I have no doubt the -returns for 1380 will show still less. What is the cause of this falling off it maybe asked? Mr. Pulsford gives a reason — "Simply owingjto the effect of drought." It canuot be said that this cause is attributable in any way to the farmers, I presume. We are unfortunately, in this colony, subject to severe droughts periodi cally, and the effect of the recent drought in this district can be estimated by the stock re turns. Iti .13S4-3; the number of stock regis tered was 48,825. Iu 1888-7 the number of stock registered was 20,433, showing a de crease of 22,3l»2, instead of a large in crease. These were chiefly dairy cattle aud cannot be valued at less than £100, UOO, which died through the effects of the drought Add to this the cost of fodder imported iuto the district for the support of the cattle at£U'U,OoO (a very low estimate) aud other losses to the farmers, aud that during this period very little cheese could be made, the losses to thid district nloce by the recent drought will exceed £250,000. It is asked why cannot we success fully compete with the neighboring colonies. The answer is that New Zvalaud, the principal producer, has a climate peculiarly suitable for dairying, with regular seasons and droughts are unknown ; the vaiue of land is less, and con sequently rents are cheaper ; the cost of freight is considerably less, being about one-third of the cost of what i; is from the southern parts of this colony to Sydney. It will, no uoubt, be said by some : If you cannot compete with others without a duty, then you must give up dairyiug and employ yourselves at something more profitable ; but is that a fair and just way of considering the matter, and would the public be the gainers thereby ? This district is mi- suited for agriculture except a very small area, ami if devoted to pastoral purposes many hundreds of families will be thrown out of employment. At. the present time very little, if any, cheese is beiug imported ; the price quoted is from 2d. to 4d. per lb. fs the consumer, may I ask, injured by the existing duties ? No doubt the lowness of the price is attributable greatly to the fact that the farmers, being such heavy losers by the recent drought, are sendtug large quantities into market to recoup themselves as soon as possible for their losses ; but the prices now ruliug are uot sufficient to pay working ex penses. Is this, then, au opportune time to repeal the duties ? It has been stated that if engaged in the manufacture of dairy produce will be ruined. This is no exaggeration, and I am assured that the present Ministry would hesitate before pressing for their repeal if they obtained reliable information of the present state of these industries. It has-been remarked that the dairy farmers who engage in butter- making are not showing so much autagouism to the repeal of the duties. One reason tor this no doubt lies tu the fact that at the present time the imported caunot successfully compete with the home-made article. No doubt the repeal of the duties wiU be more disastrous to the small than to the large farmer ; but experience shows us that a country is more largely benefited by small landholders. I would ask all members of Parliament to deal with the question of the repeal of the duties upou . dairy produce apart from the question of freetrade or protection : let them weigh well the effect of the repeal upon the country generally and upon the pro ducer. who is at tue present suffering and will for some time continue to suffer from the recent drought. — Yours, Ac., T.U. Bega, April 20. 