OULI. MELBOURINE LETTER. Tothin; better tests the calibre of a poli tician, especially if be be a Minister, than his manner of receiving a deputation. The points aimed at are to give a smooth; com. forting,non.conmitting reply,whichshalllead the inexperienced deputation to believe they have gained everything, and to, raise, no bristles, but leave in everybody the pleasant feeling that he has been most graciously re. ceived. and that the Minister recognised his as being the speech of the ceremony.: And though each -has a distinct, and, individual style, three of the members of the present Ministry are entitled to establish 'records" for supremacy in the art of deputation re ceiving,'and these three are Messrs. Dosw, De kin and Gillies. I give the supremacy to Mr Dow, simply on account of that subliine expression of absolute ignorance, asking for enlightenment which. he :'has always at command. When he takes his seat in the long room at the Lands Office,' in the centre of his satellites, he looks the personification of intellectual helplessness He gazes at the array before him as though he would say ' Gentlemen tear me to pieces if you will, draw lots for mylgarments, I am content if onlyl please you all." But if you look into the apparently passive countenance deeper?.ou will note in it a good deal of that ' ov. r the left" :leer which distinguished Poe's Raven, and will realise that the bland receptivisin shining out ofL the rugged countenance, :with its genial expres. sion" of 'permanent surrender to' all: de sands' is really an artistic bit of humbug, and the betity of it is, the deputation never realise h?iv delightfully they are being had until it is all over, and just when they think they, have talked him inti, the givine frame of mind, a few"sentenc?i poured' out from the chair show' that the' Minister has a bigger grip of the subject than any man in the room, and that the "consideration" lie promises is nmuch like that of'the lady wiho has'determined the date of her wedding day before the bashful Charles proposes. A splendid illustration of this was afforded by the seuatters' deputation last week anent. tick in sheep. The deputation poured out their arguments but got no glimpse of the 'Minister's mental subsoil until just near the end, when they suddenly ,ealised they had wasted their breath. For Mr Dow re membered that in Kara Kara there are many small farmers and landowners who have votes, and that in these days no longer does the'local squatter rule the election; and that some of his colleagues were sopositioned that it would be- exceedingly awkward to ask.them to oppress. the poor settler, by compulsory legislation for the' benefit of the gentlemen whose sheep are as the sands of the sea shore in multitude, and who have their cattle Upon 'a thousand hills. So the deputation received the usual answer-there is not a definite promise concerning any im portant siiatter on' Mr Dow's depirtmental record--and vanished as disgustedas ? ghost at cock crow. MlrDeakin's method is`a moieostatesiianlike one, but not nearly so much fun, to the spectator. It may be' described'in the simple sportsman phrase, the art of crossing the scent. His great aim is to throw the deputatioiiists sff the pursuit of the quarry they have in view, and let'them waste their eloquence on some issue less material. When men speak of what they have long considered debated and weighed, their arguments are apt to be embarrassing to a Government, but set them talking on·a side issue and.they will all follow one another like sh'eep through the wrong hole in' the fence.: This gives the clever dialectician an opening and by confus ing the issues, the reply when it'is a refusal, has its abruptness minimised end the deputation departs with the idea "well we haven't got what we wanted,butit ic evident he understands the,qi?estioi andwivill do. what lie can for us," which leaves as a residuum a friendly feeling, between the rejected ones'and the Minister. Mr Gillies' manner is that of the impassive faced guardian of the Treasury chest. He site silently, a target for the missiles of the deputation. Occasionally an ironical smile as some more than ordinarily glaring mis statement is made,t flits across the baldfasce, and now and then he will even interrupt by way of correction.! His aniswers are generally blunt refusals, clear and unequivocal, and in the majority of cases are right and just resistances to improper. importunity. But he has no winning ways and irritates often where he might by tact make friends. Even his' boons loose half, their . value by: the manner of giving, and the impression he leaves is much that expressed by a" country deputation on leaving 'the presence Chamber a few weeks ago "I'd like to,-smash his blooming 'ed, that I would, aid tlhen jump on him end then boil his bones." 