EDGED TOOLS. A TALE IN TWO CHAPTERS. Chapter I. — Monsieur Blitzini's Fibst Performance. The season was at its height at the little town of Witberington, on the south coast of England ; and She presence there of three German bands and a troupe of Tyrolese zither players might be taken as evidence that the season at Wither iegton was unusually brilliaot. At the pavilion on the pier — and what self-respecting seaside resort is now without its pier and pavilion ? — companies of strolling performers followed one another in rapid succession ; and with equal success. A wandering variety show had lingered for nearly a week, so attractive had. been the latest war song which the Only Macf&riane; had bellowed lustily in response to three encores at every performance. The celebrated Campbell Comedy Company had given a round of the legitimate drama — an elaetic term as Mr. Campbell understood it, for it allowed Miss Dora Dartmore (Mrs. Camp bell) to appear as the heroines of the Lady of Lyons , East Lyyine, A Happy Pair, and The Little Detective. After a week of the legiti mate drama the Celebrated Comedy Company had " departed, and tbe small boy 8 at. Witherington had torn down the vast pictorial posters, in whioh Mr. Campbell wae represented as shaking hands with David Oarriok, while Shakepeare hovered above them, distributing an impartial blessing. ; Now a new advertisement was to be read by ! those who were willing to pause before the hoardings scattered here and there through out the town. The advertisement was peculiar enough to deserve reproduction here la full : — PAVILION HALL. SBAKCB PRESTIGISPIRISTB, by MONSIEUR BLITZINI. This world-renowned artiste wiii visit Witherington and perform at the Pavilion Hali at S p.m., on the evenings o Friday and Saturday, 13 -h and 14th August, 16S5. important to those interested in tha. occult ! No manatmas or esoteric bambui zling ! ! Bead a plain tale! HL Btitzini, far-famed as a prof teor of the s > called art of magic, uauoreock, in the uxerciso i f his calling, to expose thu trick- and fallacies of tns Spirituiin s (ioc'.udiue the Davanport cabinet, the I'ght and dak seance, materialisation, etc. etc.). Thi . he did wi>h ease ; bm, in the course of the experiments suggested by his researches, he. strange to relate, made toe startling discr/v ry thit there is, in very truth, a sphere of spirits or geaii wi h «h >m it is pojtible for the duly initiated to enter into c nveree ; and, i pushing faie .investigations "etui "further he became pogsessi-d of tbe extraordinary and w mdioui puwer which he will hve the honour of exhibiting; Monsieur Blttzi&i; used to pe form his marvels by sleight-of-hand alone, the aid cf profuse machinery being, in his .opinion, contemptible, mill . ttrenger wonders he now performs without any aid save than cf the invisible above alluded to. Gome and See. At the end cf the performance, Monsieur Blitzini will be happy to gie a detailed account of his experi- ! ences and his discoveries to any intelligent member of ! the audience deriring thasame. | monsieur blitzini. Preetigispiriste, | Pavilion Hsli, Witherington, 13th aud 14th August, at 8 precisely. Oue of these alinring advertisemsnts w&e; : fixed to Che wall of the pier pavilion, but it : did cot attract as muuh attention daring the | first performance as it deserved, for a band | was playing in the middle of the pavilion, and t the end of the pier the noted man ! Oster and his seven sons and daughters were j giving their astonishing aquatic eniertain- i ment. M. Blitzini'e advertisement had,, however, i considerable interest for the two men loang- ! ing along the pier — two men whom" a boy I would have called: elderly, and whom an old man would have declared young. They were Steele Wyoming, an Ameriosn, and Geoil Cameron, an Englishman. They paused before the placard, and read it silently and with profound absorption. A emile or two flitted across the Englishman's face during the perusal, but the humorous gloom of the American deepened. 'Cecil,' said the latter solemnly, 4 this is tall talk, but I like it.' . Steele,' replied his friend, I think it is more fun than a barrel of monkeys.' 'It is very strange,' Wyoming remarked, with the air of a person making a serious confidence to himself, 'how well he o&n; talk American, Much better than I do, i& fact.' ' I had the advantage of studying it as a foreign language,' Cameron retorted with equal gravity. Perhaps that may be the trne explana tion,' said the American. 4 Now, what about this hanky man?' 4 1 think he ib just lovely/ interrupted the Englishman. 4 The esoteric touch is good, and so is the 4( so-called art of magic." ' 4 The contempt for the use of profnse machinery is quite Mfmhiayellian. Alto gether, be eeemB to have got bold of an idea ... .j, 7 'W y > 'J'.' A mW new' AM "We've bad over again fche converted and , and re-re-re-cohverted Spiritualist, , b t happen on a new kind of 5p,Kta„ne te a were engaged in exposing the bogus one, is 8?fe half bad,' Cameron added, 4 nnc I'm really gralefui to him for. eaymg pofchmg about that detestable rubbish,, fought reading. It would have been so easy for him to rinf in the old. semnd-sight basws end to call it thought-reading by spirits of the ninth sphere.' , . ,f Blitzini has » eeul . . . We're going to see him ? aEhed Wyoming stared at him silently for a few seconds, and then said, VWhy persist in asking foolish queetione? AB if members of tbe RoBioruolan Brotherhood could be anywhere and see an ad. of a fakirs show and keep away.' That's so, ' said ihe Englishman, as they walked, away. , , . Before they reached the end of the pier Cameron paused suddenly, and grasped his companion's arm and eaid : ' I ve an idea . ' Then I would suggest that you freeze to ft,' remarked Wyoming, pleasantly. « Sir,' replied Cameron, ' to speak your benighted tongue— I have no nE8 for you. Yet I wilt relent and tell you my idea. ' Fire away I' . 4 1 will be brief. This Blitzini used to be a conjuror, but now he pretends that he iB a conjurer no more, as the newly discovered spirits work all his tricks for him. This, naturally, is all jimmy, and he does his little deceptions just, like any other conjuror, of course.' . „ Of course,' Wyoming said, as Cameron drew breath. Now this is my idea. Suppose that there are really spirits of the ninth sphere, and suppose that they are of a sensitive nature, and do not like to be spoken of lightly— 4 The 41 Huffy Spook," ' commented Wyom ing gravely, ' 't a bad notion.' Spook, for ail it is German, is a blessed word,' said Cameron ; ' it's so muob more expressive than ghost or spectre. But you do not yet catch on. Just imagine those spirits reading this advertisement and seeiDg themselves billed to perform out of tfceir proper Bphere. It seems to me that this placard is calculated to hold themup to ridicule and contempt among the spirits of other spheres.' ' I see,' Wyoming interrupted, 4 and I think they would be justified In getting mad.' 4 And wouldn't they be likely to go for that magician,' asked Cameron, ' and have some fun with bim ?' ' It would be a cold day for the unlucky fakir,' assented Wyoming. ' I don't like to think what might happen/ the Englishman continued. Tbe American smiled solemnly and said, 4 Well, with a bewildered aDd baffled con jurer, and a lot of aogr? spooks lying around loose with their dander up, almost anything might baupen. And, if anything should happen, why, as Artemus Ward eavs, it wonld be money in that man's pookefc if he bad never be bbrn/ Fancy mow,' eaid Cameron, 4 what if this should occur to-night. He is to give his show for two evemngB only. Do you know what to-day is ?' Friday. Hangman's day, you know,' Cameron continued eagerly, 4 and it's the 13th of the month. ' That's a curiously unlucky combination, isn't it ?' the American asked. 4 I've had a baker's dozen of misfortunes happen to ihe on a Friday when it was a 13h. I guess we had better go to-night— perhaps something will happen.' - 4 Meanwhile/ eaid the Englishman, as they walked from the pier open the esplanade, ' we must dies ; 1 want a square meal tc give ni s strength to see tbe show. It's hot and dusty, so let's take a fly to the hotel — let's be hauled meaiere, as yon Americans say.' 4 It is wonderlul,' Wyoming remarked, as he beckoned to a cabman, ' quite wonderful, how well be speaks American.' 4 1 learnt it, replied Cameron, with amazing effrontery, 4 from Henry James's novels.' Aftsr their dinner the two friends lighted their cigaretteB and strolled slowly along the esplanade to the pier. When they reached the pavilion they found a stream of spectators trickling into the hail where M. Blitzini was to perform, At the suggestion of the American they tossed half a crown to see who should pay for the tickets. Wyomitg lost, and he selected seats in the front row. The hall was abont half full when they entered it, and a lew bet&rded; stragglers came in while the pianist was playing the overture. 4 1 know this hall very well,' said Cameron, as they sat down. 4 1 aoted here last year in private theatricals. It has one disadvan tage — there is no stage door. We bad to oome in at the main entrance jaBfc as we did to-night, and walk through the auditorium to that door over there on the right, which leads to the stage and to the two dressing- rooms alongside of it. We gave a comic opera, end we were very cramped for space/ 'I guess there will be ioom enough for the spooks to pat in their fine work,' Wyoming answered, intensifying his Americanisms, as he was wont to do, for the benefit of his English friend. Guess, spook, flue work. 'I'll gat 'em all three all ready,' said Cameron, quoting Sir Andrew Agueoheek. 'Yours is a great language, though, as I remarked before, you do draw on the German/ 'I wonder what may be M. Biitziui's native tongue?' asked Wyoming. 4 Monsieur is French/ answered Cameron? ' Blitz is German, and ini is Italian ' Then he is either an Irishman or u Russian,' the American declared, with an air of profound wisdom. 4 His programme is in French,' Cameron remarked, as he bonght one from the attendant ; 4 at least, it is in what purports to be French.' 4 It is a little short, isn't it ?' the American queried ; 4 seven tricks in the first part/ and six in the second.' 4 Total, thirteen again T cried the English man. At this moment the mnsieian left off play ing and the curtain xoae, revealing a stage almoat ibarHj'her e wasan ordinary driwte room table dp. the centre, and J1 the sida there were two, smaller tables with glass ton At the back there was a tall cone, like an extinguisher, except thatr it was quits seven feet high. Three, or four of the footlights in the middle had been removed, and an inclic ed plane led from tbe stage about half way down the centre of the hall. It Wag next to the run-down,, ,as it is teohnioallv called, that Cameron and Wyoming had taken- their Beats. A few seconds after the curtain rose, M Blitzini appeared at the right of the atsee' and, advancing to the centre, ne bowed to the audience. He was a man of lese than forty. He was tall -and slight, with a little stoop of the head. He had thick dark hair already grizzled. -He bad a youngish faoe' but ft was heavily wrinkled. Heavy eye' brows arched over «yes whioh were hia ohigf pereonal peculiarity ; they were grey with a streak of red in the iris. His hands were fine and delicate, but tbere was a feline suggestion in their movements. The ease of his manner was not artificial, but it might fairly be called excessive. 4 Ladies and gentlemen,' he said, as he surveyed the audience calmly, 4 1 hone tn have the pleasure this evening of entertain ing you with the sight of strange wonders. What 1 ehali perform before you is so unlike tbe ordinary performance of tbe ordinary oonjuror that, without eeeming boastful, it would be impossible for me to expatiate on tbe extraord.nary novelty of my program where it not that I cannot claim for myself any credit for the marvels whioh will be accomplished this evening. All that I have done is to discover the spirits of the silent Bphere and to indues them to lend us their aid for the working of many wonders. If, therefore, what you may eee here to-night pleases you, it is these spirits whom yoa must thank, not me. I am only a humble instrument in their bands, and they are the real authors of all the startling novelties whioh I hope to be able to exhibit before you this evening. , I have to beg that yea will bear this in mind. I nee neither apparatus nor sieight of-hand, nor do I iel/ in any way on my own dexterity or ingenuity. All that I do is to serve as tbe medium whereby theBe epfrits work wonders, closely akin to those whioh the Egyptian magicians wrought before Pharaoh — perhaps by ths same means/ As M. Blitzini finished this irregular speeoh, almost exactly tbe opposite of that ordinarily spoken by the professional con jurer, Cameron and Wyoming looked at each other in blank surprise, 4 This is pretty eteep, isn't it ?' asked the American. It is that,' the English anewered ; ' and I thick it is about the coolest thing I ever heard. Just. look over the programme, and you can recognise every trick on it, in spite of the fancy French names.' 41 Le Bouquet dTris," Eaid Wyoming, 4 that's the growth of flowers, I suppose, and " Li Pluie de Danae" ie the shower of money, of course. But what is "Le Tireur des Cartes?" 4 Jt'sbad French for the rising cards, P1L be bound/ Cameron answered. 4 And the others are as familiar as these.' 4 You think, then, that he Is hiding the old-fashioned tricks under new-faogled names, and that he is merely an ordinary oonjuror, who has chosen to give variety to his show by alleging that familiar spirits oome from tbe vasty deep to do lie bidding?' 4 Precisely so.' 4 It's a dodge worthy of Barnum at his best or Sara Bernhardt,' said the American, enthusiastically. While the two friends were exchanging impressions, M, Blitzini had retired op tbe stfcge, as though to eee that everything was in order. From the centre table he had taken op his wand. With this in his right hand, he advanced again to the footlights. 4 Ibeg y our pardon ror this delay of a moment only, but you must observe that I have difpeneed with an assistant, and that I shall not leave tbe stage during the performance. I shall remain before you the whole evening, except daring the brief intermis?ion between the two parts of the entertainment, and I shall have no assistants whatever — save the unseen bands of the silent spirits.' As be paused for a moment, Cameron said to Wyoming : 4 He has a carious accent, hasn't he ? It might be foreign — Dutch or Russian — and it might be English/ 4 He's not an American,' replied Wyoming. 4 1 feel sure of that/ 4 1 shall have tbe pleasure of beginning my entertainment,' M. Blitzini continued, 4 with- the strange marvel whioh I have called 44 Ljb Fienrs dTris." I have here a flower pot filled with garden mould, end I take six seeds from this package, and—' Here he interrupted himself and glanced w!ti apparent surprise at the right lappel cf bis coat. 4 1 beg your pardon, bnt I see 1 have presented myself before you without the flower. Fortunately tbe omtesion is easily rectified. I take one of these seeds and I place it in my buttonhole; I beg that the attendant spirits shall cause it to grow into a flower) I raise my wand Sn tbe air ; I apply it to tbe buttonhole, and you Me — ' M. Blitzini snited the aotion to the word, and the spectators did toe. Tbe eeed in tbe buttonhole gkew at once to a large sunflower, whioh spread over the lappel of his ooat. Then suddenly its outer oirele began to revolve and to crackle, while from the centre there shot out, with a sharp report, a long jet of flame. Tbe sunflower had changed to a small Catherine wheel, whioh spun round, banging, and blazing, and whizzing, and crackling, until it had spent its shorf-lfted fury. M. Blitzini stood motionless in the eenire of tbe stage, net lifting a finger to save his beArd, which was gefting singed, as tbe King ol Spain's was by Drake. A look of surprise came into hia grey eyes, and their red pupils glowed above the more material fireworks. At last the a r inning wheel of fire gave a final blaze and7 a sudden bang, and died cut and disappeared, 'I say/ said Cameron, 4 this Is something ike a trick.' 4 As you justly observe,' Wyoming re plied, 4 it grows interesting. Who would have thought the old flower trick had so mnch flame in it ?' A man must know his Shakspeare to talk with you/ Cameron answered. 4 You see I'm n American/ Wyoming wpii quote Shakqjeare/ vey en-ire e? 2 canjurobound upon wheel of firelike King Iw Did you actio that Blitfeiai «pemS quite as tnu huurprieedas ire are? ' 4 Be bears the 'ordeal foyfire very bravelv Cameron assented ? but I oonfess that V don t exactly understand- this.'- - Meanwhile tbeepeotstors : b»a been taroolluoM I ra IheirppWej ol rtie' ttnl brilliant Itiek. M. Blitzioi etood aUent in the oentte of « Hie ate, l»wing 8- acknowledgments, withonta !ttaea of the fl wer or ol the fire which Sail fotlowted it in 4e lappel of his ooat. Hib black doeskin cat was immaculate There was a flickering smile on hie lips, and it seemed as though it was only by a strong effort that he was able to keep the wand xa his hand from trembling. As the applause died away he roused himself and, taking op the flower-pot, he de scended the ran- down and etood among the audience. Hare he finished the trick in more con ventionai fashion. He borrowed a hat vnd held it over the flower pot, and asked a lady to plaoe her hands on the hat, and then removed the hat toreveala beautiful bouquet of hot-house flowers standing upright in the earth of the pot. He presented the bouquet to the lady gracefully, and then returned to I he stage to how again. It was with a lighter heart, evidently, that he began the second trick on the programme, where is figured as La Montre In destructible.4 Under this title M. Blitzioi began to perform the familiar feat with a borrowed watch, whioh is first proved to be a repeater, with the eooentric faculty of strik ing any hour that the owner may choose, and is then smashed to fragments in a mighty mortar. In the beginning of this trick, while the performer was among the audience, all went well ; but at the end, when he returned to the stage and wrapped the scattered frag roents in a sheet of paper, this sheet of paper suddenly disappeared, and the wheels and spring fell scattered on the Stage; Wyoming noticed a curious and enigmatic expression So the conjuror's face as he stooped to gather np the broken bits. M. Blitzini took another aoeet of paper, again it vanished from his Augers, and again the fragment!; of the watch fell on the staging. Collecting them once mrte, and taking a third sheet of paper, M. Blitzini stepped outirom the rUn-down, and (his time he was successful in making a parcel. He gave this parcel to the owner o! the watch and asked him to open whereupon the timepiece, was found in- t vet. 4 I shall now have the honour of, showing y.-ju,' said M- Blitzini, as he again took dp his position in the centre of the stage, ' if the assistance I count upon from the spirits of the silent sphere is vouchsafed to me, the wondrous experiment which I have called " L'Ecole de Ouisine etenne par Bellalldes." ' His French accent is good,' Cameron re narked. 4 But he isn't easy in bis mind,' answered Wyoming, who kept his eye fixed on the face of the magician. 4 1 shall now,' continued M. BHtzini, " venture to tax your good-nature again by requesting the loan of a hat.' As he came down from the stage his eye caught that of Wyoming, to whose ques tioning look he returned a glance of re assurance. Cameron and his .friend had seen already that the performer had. recog,- u teed them as experts in the art, and they wt-re conscious that, as Is the custom of conjurors, he was playing at them. Wyo ming held up his hat, and the magician e niliugly took ic from him and returned to the stage. 1 L'Ecole de Cuisine etenne par Bellalldes' was soon seen to he a variation on the familiar trick of the omelet cooked in the hat over the flame of a candle — the trick over which Robert Houdin, in his 'prentice days, burned his fingers and the borrowed h-u. M. Blitzini broke an egg into W y oming's hat, whereat the young ladies in the audience giggled convulsively. He added butter and salt and pepper, and he stiired these together furiously with a long- handled spoon — such as a man should have when he sups with the devil. Then he held the hat over a candle, and a smoke arose, and a fragrant odour was wafted across the footlights. It was clearly evident that the trick had been accomplished. M. Blitzini laid the bat on the stage just in front of the run down, and was about to put his hand into it to withdraw the omelet, chatting pleasantly the while, and making many small jokes about bis own culinary facilities, when he happened to cast bis eyes into the bat. Instantly he withdrew his hand, and started back In undisguised astonishment, commingled with terror. The head of a large snake protruded from the hat. and extended itself threateningly. With a sinuous movement it thrust itself forward from the hat anc started toward the spec tators. It was a huge boa-constrictor, apparently, and in girth it was almost equal t >the hat from which it was proceeding. Toe magioian stood stock still on one side, staring at the serpent as though fascinated, j only a tremor in hia knees betrayed, his fear. The head the great snake crossed the two yards or more of the space between the hat and thie footlights, and still the body continued to emerge from the hat. At- last it arrived at the run- down, and with, a slight effort it. raised itself and started to cross this little bridge to reach the audience. There was a sudden movement of alarm among the spectators, moBt of whom th ugbfc that the appearance of the serpent waB part cf the trick, and were yet fright ened by the fearful reality ; but this alarm allayed when the head of the snake, as it entered on the run-down and passed the line of the footlights, suddenly vanished. The tortuous body could be; seen still rising from the hat and pressing forward only to become invisible as it left the stage. It was some seconds after the', head disappeared before the tail of the snake left the bat, but soon it followed the. beadles . .body, which continued to move toward the spectators and which was steadily disappearing as it hit the stage. The tail advanced nearer the line of the footlights until only a yard of the snake's length was to bo seen ; then only half a yard was visible, at last the, final few inches, thin and tapBring, paseed across the diminishing disjance# qntil, with a tcr vibration, he iif/of 4au . travied « HPoo the rnudowa and into invisible spate. 7 - ' . Wyoming ' looked it eaeh other ! or amorcerit.and then turned again to watch M. B!itzisi, from| whom they bad hardly taken their eyes 'during the brief minute of the huge serpent's existence. They sgw him give one gasp before he recovered; himself sufficiently to take the abundant' applause which followed, an effect as novel .nd as surprising and as ihiexpliaable as this. Ha snatched op the hat from the floor, and rushed upon the run-down. In a moment he had turned out upon a plate, with which he had previously provided one of the spectators, the smrking omelet of which the appetising odours had been perceived before the appear- teg of the snake, and he had returned the hat unimpaired to Wyoming. ' He wbrks neatly,' said Cameron. 'But he is. powerful scared,' Wyoming answered. 4 These new variations on the old trioks surprise him as much as they do us.' Perhaps our joke is coming true— the spirits have taken umbrage at hiB unauthor ised use of their names, and they are playing tricks on him.' 1 Do you think that his familiar spook has gone back on him ?' asked Wyoming. What else Gtn I think ?' returned Cam eron. 4 The ,c Huffy; Spook" theory is the only tenable one.' 4 It will serve as a working hypothesis at least,' Wyoming assented. 4 But why is it that all goes well while he is down here among the audience, and that everything goes wrong when he is up there on the stage ? Have you noticed it ?' ' ' Yes Cameron answered, 4 I see it, and it is queer.' Oi the next two items on the programme there is no need to speak in detail. The trioks were commonplace enough in them selves, but. they proved to be quite un.com- men la their execution. There Was nothing as surprising or as startling as the serpent which rose from the hat and disappeared by inches with a sharp line as though it had been cut off with a knife, but they were as tonishing enongh. Wyoming kept close watch of the magi cian's lade, and he noted all his movements ; and he saw tbat M. Blitzini, in so far as pos sible, kept among the spectators and away from the stage. He was confirmed in his idea that it was only on the other side of the footlights that the Indignant spirits were able to take advantage of the conjuror's weakness. M. Blitzini had foil control of his resources so long as he was in the midst of . the audience, and both tricks went well enough Until the .exigencies of the perform ance forced the magioian to return, to the .stage.. And so it was with the sixth trick on the programme; which was called 4 La Tireur des Cartes,' bnt which Wyoming and Cameron soon recognised as the familiar illusion known as the rising cards, and justly popular among all modern magicians, as it is almost the only card trick which is showy enough for a large hall. M. Blitzini took a pack of aards in his hand, came down among the audience, and performed a series of most ingenious sleights. H6 passed cards into a man's pookelb, and he drew cards from a lady's fan. He gave one spectator a black card to hold, and then he touched it with his wand, and, lol it was a red card. He bade another spectator think of a card, and he then asked him if he prefer to find it at the top or at the bottom of the pack, and when the spectator chose the top, he turned over the uppermost card and it was the one thought of At last he asked six different persons in different parts of the ball to draw cards and return them to the pack, which, when this had been done, was thoroughly shuffled. M. Blitzini went back to the stage and placed the pack in a glass globe, and with this in his hand, he advanced toward the footlights. Turning to the spectator who had drawn, the first of the six cards he said : 4 Will you please ask your card to rise from the pack?' Before the speotator could make this re quest, a card jumped from the paok, flew to the side of the stage, and fixed Itself to the scene. M. Blitzini's voice quavered as be asked : 1 Is that your card, sir?' No,' was the uncompromising answer. A second card rose from the pack, skimmed through the air and fastened itself on the scene on the other side of thestage. Is that your card?' asked M. Blitzini, donbtfullv. No.' answered the spectator again. A third oard, a fourth, and a fifth rose from the pack in rapid succession, danced about the stage, and affixed themselves here ana there on the scenery. They were followed by a dozen more, whloh rose in a bunch, flew separately through the air, . and attached themselves to every salient object on the stage. ( Do you Bee your card, sir ?' M. Blitzini inquired again, with an obvious uneasiness in his tone. And again the spectator, answered No/ M. Blitzini had come neat the footlights to ask this last question, and he now stepped out upon tae run-down with the glass containing the remaining cards in his right hand. What was your oard ?' he asked with a disheartened smile. ' The king of diamonds,' the spectator replied ; and as be epoke the king ol diamonds rose from the pack and bowed gracefully. The spell of Ill-luck was broken, and the five other cards rose in turn from the paok. M. Blitzini was again able to bow acknow ledgments to the rounds iff applause which always greets this favourite feat when it is properjy performed. Wyoming, who was a close observer— be was an excellent poker player — noticed that although the magician's lips smiled, his eyes did not. The final nnmber of the first part of the programme purported fco he ' La Piuie ds Danae,' which Wyoming and Gs<.meron had guessed to be a fantastic title for the familiar and effective trick generally known as the shower of money. In this surmise they were right. With admirable dexterity M. Blitzini seemed to catch sovereigns out of the ciRnimambient nir he fcrand; them mihe bonnetaof theiadies and urtbt bearde of the men ; he discovered them here, there, and, everywhere ; he borrowed a bat, and he .threw into It enough gold apparently to suffice to fill it to the brim. He. gave a pretty touch to the. trick, making an ever- increaeing ate of gold pieces stretched from one4 hand to the other, and then from one hand into the hat — ' like a bartender mixing drinks and pouring a cocktail from a glass in his right hand to a glass in his left,' as Wyoming described it. While performing this ingenious variation on an old trick, M. Blitzini backed slowly up the run-down, with the shower of gold apparently increasing in volume. , From a hasty glance he ca?t behind him, Cameron and Wyoming guessed that he meant to carry the trick right back to the extreme limit of the shallow stage. Suddenly some thing happened whioh delighted the rest of the spectators, although It caused the two friends a p sinful surprise. M. Blitzini had scarcely more than set his foot on thestage, with the shower of gold still falling, when the sovereigns disappeared, and in their plaoe appeared a host of short, stout cudgels, which began to descend in a rain of pelting blows on the conjuror's back and shoulders! and arms. This spectacle of a man taken at a physical disadvantage caused the audience the greatest possible delight, - Even the more knowing ones, who felt sure that it was part of the trick, applauded the soared look and pained ex pression whioh crossed M. Blitzini's face, and which they accepted as the perfection of acting. 4 The spooks are playing pretty low down on the wonder-worker, it seems to me,' said Wyoming, compassionately. 4 A stuffed club is no joke,' Cameron answered. M. Blitzini's weird face had undergone many changes of expression since the sudden transmutation of the precious metal to dull wood. Amazement, pain, terror, and despair chased each other across his features. Unable at last to bear the unexpected visits lion any longer, the magician fled headlong to the run-down. As he crossed the line of the footlights the shower of bludgeons vanished utterly, and an arc of sovereigns began again falling from his hand to his hat. He closed this into the hat, showed that the hat was absolutely empty, and then returned it to its owner as swiftly as he eouid. He stood before the spectators perturbed and panting, and he bowed again and again before the plaudits of the audience, getting his breath hack in the brief respite to announce that this concluded the first part of the entertainment, and that there would be an intermission of ten minutes. With another salutation he withdrew, returning to the stage, and walking off hastily to the right. ' Well,' said Wyoming, as the magioian disappeared from view, 4 what do you think now?' 4 1 don't know what to thick, as I said before. It's a very picturesque performance, I take it, all round. ' 4 1 think I've found oat the secret.' 4 Stand and deliver,' said Cameron. 4 Assuming that these disturbances are caused by exasperated spirits, as we are justified in doing ' 4 Of course we are,' interrupted Cameron 4 you and I know modern magic from Alpha to Omega, and we know that these little effects arc quite beyond this man's power to control.' 4 Assuming this, I say,' Wyoming con tinued, 4 we have to discover why it is that M. Bli xziui meets with no misadventures except when he Is on the stage- Now, I have a theory. The front of the stage Ib circular, and it is only behind the arc of the footlights that spirits torment him. It has struok me that perhaps there has been a reversal of the sacred circle of fire within whioh the sorcerer who evoked spirits was safe from their assaults. 4 A circle such as Benvenuto Cellini drew about him when he spent a lively night with the spooks in the Coliseum at Rome — is that what y m mean ?' 4 Precisely,' answered Wyoming. 4 He was safe . within the mystic ripg of flamej because the spirits were without and oonld not brcar in. Bat Blitzini is at the mercy of the spirits confined wit bin the flaming segment of the footlights, and he is only free from torment and torture when he breaks out.' 4 1 shouldn't wonder if you were right,' Catcercn remarked, after a moment's thought. 4 Your theory that he is the Blave of the lamps and of the ring at least explains the phen menon, whioh is otherwise almost inexplicable.' During the performance of the second part of M. Blitzini's programme, the two friends had many opportunities of verifying the hypothesis, and they found that it was in aeeord with the facts. One of the tricks was performed wholly among the spectators without the retnrn of the magician to the stage, and in this M. Biitzini was perfectly successful, and no untoward incident marked its performance. But the very next illusion, called 4 La Botsson de Tan tale, ' required the constant presence of the eon' juror on the stage, where he operated .an ex change of two liquors, filling two decanters, placed at opposite extremities of the foot lights; and, although the ignorant spectators saw nothing at all unusual in the substitu tion of a cone of blue fire for. a bottle of brandy, Wyoming and Cameron knew that the mocking spirits were again taking a ireakish revenge on the forward magician who had dared to use their names without asking their permission In another trick, which appeared on the bills &b; 4 Lea Dra- peaux fie TUoivers,' and which required the conjuror to produce myeterionely a handle of the flags of all nationB. the spirits again gained the upper hand and changed the pretty silken emblems into a stiff eactns, the sharp branches of which bristled with thorns. In desperation M. Blitzini crossed the line of the footlights, his, face white with apprehension, but a glance of rigid determination still gleamed from his eye. I No sooner had be stepped out upon the run- ' down than the green cactus gave way to a i Bheaf of Italian flags. In yet another illu. ! sion, the next to the last entitled, ' Un Duel | aux Cartes,' & card chosen by one of the ; audience was to be oaught on the point of the eword when tbe speotator threwthe paek In. : the air. The preliminary flourishes of the brick, performed amid the audlenoe, were aepomphshrd without let or hindrance ; but when Iff, Blitzini took, up bis position in the centre, of the stage, with the naked sword Jet his hand, and when the epectofcor threw the eards towards him, the blade changed sud denly into a revolver, &"d the .pack was riddled by six bullets diseharged by the magioian involuntarily, aB though in obedi ence to a will stronger than his own. ' That is pretty good. I wonder what he will do next,' said Cameron, quoting the charming tale of the parrot and the exploded ship 4 If he has as much sense as I give him credit for,' remarked Wyoming, 4 be will crawl along to the last triok like a streak of greased lightning.' Cameron referred to his programme. 4 11 Le Mage Invieiblique" is the last triek.' . ' Invisibilique is good,' Wyoming re marked. 4 I'd like to know what it means ?' 4 1 take it to imply either that the image- that is M. Blitzini himself, of oonrse — becomes invisible, or that he has his eyes blindfolded so that be cannot see. We've paid our money, and he will take his choice.' 4 1 have been wondering what he means to do with that tall cone there at the back. He most use it in this, trick somehow, Wyoming said. 4 It looks like a huge ex tinguisher, doesn't it ? — fit to put out the candles of Giant Blunderbore.' As the Ameriean spoke, M. Blitzini brought the cone forward and placed it by the side of one of the light little ronnd tables, of which there were two, one at the right and one at the left of the stage. To the sharp eyes of the friends it was evident that the magician's nerves were unstrung, and that he was in great haste to get to the end of his labours. He darted now and again suspicious dances behind him as though in trepidation and bodily fear. When he began to speak his voioe was flurried and broken. 4 Time runs short,' said M. Blitzini, facing the audience, 4 and I am now approaohing the conclusion of my entertainment. I do not like to tax the kindness so to impose upon the patience of my friends, the spirits of the silent sphere ' — and here he shuddered slightly — 4 by whose aid I have been enabled to work the wonders you have beheld this evening, I shall have the honour of concluding my entertainment by exhibiting before you the strange feat whioh I have called the 44 Mage Invisibliqne." For this I need the assistance of two gentlemen from the audience, if they will kindly grant me their help.' M. Blitzini's eyes, which bad been wandering fitfully daring the delivery of this speech, now fell on Wyoming and Cameron, who waited for no further invitation, but sprang up the run-down and stood on the stage by his side- 4 Thank yon,' continued M. Blitzini, bowing. Wyoming thought he detected a fleeting expression of relief on the conjuror's face, as though be was glad to have some one near him to come to his aid In ease of need. 4 The beginning of this experiment is very simple ; it is only the end whioh la strangely startling and inexpressively surprising. 1 put a pack of sards on the centre table here. Then I etand on this little table with a glass top, and I ask these gentlemen to cover me over with thi? extinguisher, in order that I may be wholly unable to see what . may take plaoe on the stage. Then one gentleman will ccunt thirty seconds, while th other gentle-, man takes a card from the pack, looks at ic, shows it to you, and returns it. At the end of the half minute both gentlemen lift the tali cone and release me irom my solitary confine ment in this dark cell. -Then I will declare the card whioh the gentleman drew. First I ask the two gentlemen to examine this little table.' The two friends looked at it carefully. It was very simple in construction ; It had three light steel legs,, and it had a top of thick plate glass. They declared themselves quite satisfied. M. Blitzini turned to the extingniahar, and as he stood beside it he was at least eighteen iDQhes less in height than it was. 4 Please examine this also,' he said, tap ping it with hie finger. 4 You will see that it is very light, that it is made of sevsral thiokuesses of tough paper, and that there are no holes in it through whioh I can see.' Wyoming lifted the eone up and held it against the light, and.he saw no holes in it. Then he and Cameron scrutinised the ex ternal surface thoroughly.. At last they de clared themselves satisfied again. 4 Yery well,' said M. Blitzini ; 4 then we will proceed at once. You understand what is to be done. I am to be covered for exaotly thirty seconds, during which time one of you is to. take a oard from the paok, show it to the audience, and return it, leaving the pack in exaotly its original position.' The- two friends told him they understood 1 what was required of tbem. VThen here goes,' said M. Blitzini, and, although he was obviously trying to keep his voice steady, there was a distinct tremour in it. . Placing both hands on the little table, he sprang upon it, and stood erect. Wyoming and Cameron mounted on ohaifs, one on his- right and one on bMr left; they raised the huge eone from the floor and slowly lowered it over him. It rested lightly on the rim ot the little table.. Wyoming drew eat his w&toh; and began aounticg the seconds. Cameron stepped dowa from his chair, crossed to the large table in the centre of the stage, selected a oerd from the paok, glanced at it, showed it, returned it, and replaced the paok bb it wbb. Tfien he walked beck and mounted his chair again Wyoming had stood motionless, wiih his eyes on the dial, and his ears strained, to oatch the slightest sound. At last be returnedhiH watch to his pocket, saying, 4 Time's up' Then be and Cameron, amid a dead silence in the ball, seized the extinguisher and lifted it slowly. As it rose in the air, they beard a sudden murmur cl astonishment among the audieDce. In another second, as th;jy lowered the light paoesr coce to the singe shey saw the eau?e of this.. The little table where on M. Blitzini had stood, was empty, The magioian had vanished'; he had gone with4- out a sign or a sound ; it was as though he had melted into air. ? - Wyoming and Cameron examined the extinguisher: but it was no heavier than it had been, oar Was the little table -in any way altered The spec store flapped and shouted with delight at thie most original If ick. The t«o friends looked at each other in surprise. Affcer, PxebaDgiug ; puzzled " gl anoea they stTped down from the chairs on whioh they had been standing, and again examined the little table and the eone. Bat they found no clue to tbe disappearance of the magician. Then there arose from the hall a loud cry for the conjuror to appear. It was a hearty and genome call eneh as fit# lb strolling a store who bad starred at the pavilion had ever been honoured with, ' F tch him not,' said Wyoming to Cameron ; you know the topography of the plaoe.' Cameron crossed at once to the two drespingrooms on the side of the et age, whence M Bitzlni had issued at the beginning of the performance. Wyoming heard hia knocking and then opening a door he said a few words to the impatient spectators, suggesting that they should give M. B'itzini breathing time after his extraordinary exer tions. The andienoe took this in good part. There was a cessation of tbe loud, shouts and tumultuous applause. Then in a. minute Cameron came hack, looking- flashed and seared 4 He is not there,' he waispoaed to Wyoming. VTuen where is he?; asked the American, stariUd and with a sinking heart. 4 1 don't kuow I've searched the stage where he could hide. I do not understand it at all. Perhaps yonr epooks— — ' Bit here Cameron wee interrapted by impatient cries from the audience, who wanted to see the eon juror,. f Wyoming stepped forward to the eentre of the stage &Dd; made a neat little epeeah to the spectators, in the eoorse of which he .said tbai M. Blitzini had evidently determined that hia last trick should be a complete succses and a total surprise, and chat to this end he had chosen to vanish. He concluded by expressing his belief that they all appreciated the. remarkable' skill and address that M. Blitzini had revealed that evening.' Toe audience gave; Wybflffbg" a round cf applause, and broke up rbgpb&fiaraour.; The two friends; returned to their hotel, muring much and saringg&|j(?' . 4 Do you understand-tnu aeep damnation of his taking off ?'$ksked Wyoming, as t bey parted for the night. - ' 4 Nat the least bit. Doyen?' 4 NO.' At breakfast the- next morning Cameron passed tbe Witherington tbe table to Wyoming, and asked hlqlpjy1' . read the final paragraph of the lOoal repartfer-e. a :coaot of the strange eventsof the preceding evening. 4 Whether M. Blitzmi,' bo the paragraph began, 4 derives his extraordinary command over legerdemain, as our lively neighbours call it, from the abnormal -sources set forth in, his advertisement,, or no;> it .is a phifo sophioal eonnndrum upon whioh we need not eater now. Credal .Judas is Appella. Bat besides his being a juggler of no mean pro ficiency, he is undoubtedly s humorist of the first water. Trick after trick W88 trantfj mogrified in the most whimsical and faoetious fashion, and th admirable facia! powers which M. Blitzini exhibited in depicting emotions of surprise and consternation con tributed not a little to this effect. He well deserved the applause lavished on him con tinuously, and the excitement of tbeintelligent and brilliant audience knew no bounds when the extinguisher, which played. an important part in the last trick, was removed and Blitzini was found to have vanished in th» twinkling of an eye. We can confidently recommend all who like an exhibition of finished skill and a hearty laugh to attend M, Blitzini's second performance, ; afi vet tued for to-night. We hope, however, that on this occasion he will .not carry bift invisibility so far as to refuse appearing 4<> receive the plaudits of the admiring audience he has so cleverly amused.' . Wyoming read fcbis earefuHy, then he laid the paper on the tsbta, and said : 4 This re porter seems to be a good xnaqy kiuds of a fool.' 4 1 suppose we. ebail go to-night to see M. Blitzini's second performance?' asked Cameron. 4 Of eonrse,' was the American's short reply. Chapter II. M. Blitzini's second performance never took place — 4 Longman's Magazine,' 