The Wine That Conquer9* Care. Nay, frown not, fairest 1 Chide no more, Nor blame the'Mashing wine ; Its fiery Ups are innocent When thrills the pulse'with thine. Go, leave the goblet inmy hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling hen, Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched Up and quail The wine that conquers ease; And breathe upon the glowing eup, TiU thus its perfumes be Sweet as the seent.of the orange groves Upon some tropio sea. Then while the fingers idly stray ' In dalliance o’er the lyre, Sing to me love, some ran old song That gUBbed from heart of fire— Sang buoh as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom’s field was won, And Persia’s glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Bing bravely out once more 1 Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonUt shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a etorm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the pastl My soul shaU foUow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing Tby glorious minBtrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations bang Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, tby white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Fowls-—Speaking of the immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of. the ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The sidesare of lattioe-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On eaah tier there are twelve cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious number of three thousana,two hundred and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins for water on one side and for corn on the other, and there.is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at onoe removed, The birds are said not to softer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Yenioe, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a,e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the careless kindhearied ness of the. English, and handed over to the calculating mercies of the Italian. . BeggarsSupported by Gamblers-—Per haps the gamblers are the best support of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a faro bank is located—of course you don’t; you never saw anything of that kind, and:I know i will be quite a surprise to you to team that they exist, if; indeed, you know what they are—you’ll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are BUperetitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad look. Perhaps there’s a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. > I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He had a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the certain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave- him a penny. “ There,” said he,H that’s good-luck. My play will be a go.” It was a terrific failure. “ I wish I'd given him a florin I ” he said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn’t been enough to appease -the goddess Fortune. His Costumes-—Biohard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in medkeval costumes such as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. “ You are all dressed up to play ‘Gessler,’ eh?” said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelings of the - author of “ TannhausCr,” who nevertheless returned M. Damns' visit when next he went to Paris. After same delay M. Dumas appeared-at last, arrayed in a magnificentdressing- gown with large flower pattern, a-helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt -round this waist, and enormous riding boots. “Pardon1 me,” said he majestically, “for -appearing in my working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the .other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me when I write my love scenes.” 1 ; Moral Courage-—There-is a brave man in Kentucky. - Tne State is. noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters'; but the man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John 8. Bhea. 'On the stump recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Bhea: de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He flid not believe, in duelling. 2.. .It. was against the law. 3. There wa^aeavmie. dependent upon him to whom hedjBMjHtectidn. 4. -His acceptance of a challanMwiijrexclnde him from thepractfce of fi^jjiapHib'n in Ken tucky." These are ■agUkaMgwch ;his; op ponents trill find it .'difficult.to. tmswer.. At the same time, Speakers who do hot. believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but faaetioas applicant for em ployment in Brisbane cal lea upon the. aider man from bis ward, the other day, and press Jng- his: claims - to considecation upon! the ground 'of service - rendered . upon election, tuigadthe aldmman to aeeare him a piece. “Why, my dear fellow; you- are. too sick-to woek. ?I woaldgladly do anything I could for -you,'but it -is out of. the - question; there is nooueof the-departments that, would fit your case.” " Isn't there? What’s the matter with the Health Department ? ” -Female students am numerous in Paris (most of ulna Bussinns), arid generally ^ poor, so they club together and put their resources into a oommnn fimd. .'.Ons room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, sic., and a eimAi «wk dmw fee *i» 