BARNUM. IS COMINa. Who ill this enlightened age doubts the reality of electro-biology, olairvoyaaoe, levi tatton, and all kradrea phenomena? Have oot Sinnett and a host of others pushed their researches into the regions of the Unknown ? Aod have they oot returned from the Occult World with intelligence calculated to strike the agnostic dumb. Yes, and henceforth the ?proud Eoeptic must also stop his mouth. Be it known, therefore, that oar Northern Territory clairvoyant medium having on the 19th inst. taken an extra dose of the double-distilled magnetized elixir of steam, awoke the next morning, as he in tended, in Kentucky, where, near the confluence of the Tennessee with the Ohio he interviewed the famous Barnum, who,_ it seems, is assiduously engaged in collecting curios for a bazaar. " I intend," said the great showman, " to lick creation this time. Look here, stranger, my boa has just put himself outBiae of three buffalos and a full-grown elephant, and he ifl_ Btill as hollow aB a bamboo and tbree times yallerer. Jerusalem artichokes and little fishes I why my white mice are as big as rabbits, my cats are bb big as donkies, aod my gorilla stands 27 ft. 6 in. in his Btockings." "But what is your destination, Mr. Barnum ?" " Stranger," replied the big man, J' I expect to open in Adelaide within a fortnight from this time, and if I don't astonish the stupid boobies of that village, may my African Hippopotamus swallow me at a gulp." "KonEense!" our -correspondent ventured to remaik. "Why, sir, with your large collection you could not reach the city of Adelaide in less time than three monthB." At this Mr. Barnum broke out into such a stentorian guffaw tbat our correspondent says several of the neighbours came running la the expectation that some of the wild beasts had broken loose. After a while, however, he cooled down, and said that within twenty-four hours he would be on board of his gigantic balloon of 23,000 tons buoyancy, and that by means of his automatic propeller ho would be able to reach the Australian coaat slick in a week. He then gave our correspondent a list of novelties he had recently oollected for tbe special delectation and behoof of the greenhorns of this sunny land. The list in cludes the following among several hundred additional curioB: 1\. A mummified crocodile 57 stadia in length, exhumed from beneath the vaults of the pyramid of Cheops. 2\. The eye-tooth of a mammoth oyster of the older phocene period of the tertiary <tpoc. 3\. A portrait in water-colours of the elderly lady who went to bed a laundress and got up fine-linen. 4\. Captain Cuttle's watch, purchased of Mrs. Macstinger for 600 dollars. 5\. Portrait in oils of Major Muggins, oon victed of bigamy for marrying his deceased widow's BiBter-iu-law, during the lifetime of liis-first spouse. 6\. -Pull-length photograph of the .politician who never broke a pledge given to'his consti tuents on the hustings. ,7. Specimen of the bole that was sur rounded by the ring presented by Oliver Cromwell to Cleopatra on her marriage with Charlemagne during tbe first Puniu uvir. 8\. The monolith upon which Bi-il (Stumps immortalized MB name. !). The first egg laid by the Flying Pegasus in the fitute of Mranesota. 10\. The head-of Alexander the Great when a child. 11\. A snuffbox >made of a chip out from the Rorth 'Pole. 12\. Portrait of the policeman who was found on his beat when wanted. 13\. An original photograph of John Halifax, gentleman, found in the -tertiary of Yorkshire, and supposed to be Beveral .million years old. 14\. The printed -book seen in the kands of St. Barnabas centuries before printing was invented. 15\. Xhe orifioe in whioh the toad in a hole was found. 1<C. The toad itself. 17\. The maintop bowline of the Flying Dutchman. 16\. The last tack of the phantom ship. Id. Tbe ghost of a grim scrag of mutton. 20, Last year's Christmas bill paid and receipted. 2L Model of the growl of snarley yea. 22\. Boot frov tbe foot of fate half soled. 23\. Sheath of the sword at D oclee. 24\. The score made by a shooting star. 25\. The torpedo-boat in which Napoleon crossed the Alps. 