BARNA.WARTHA. vboll ode cobbi8pondknt. " Some'wrrto verses, . Some trace maps. Some writo music, I write 'soraps,'" It goes without saying tnat tne expert who compiled the specifications for the Barnawartha pump and well will have something to answer for in tho shape of sins of omission and commission when he comes to " jack up," for it's patent even to the muffs if the specifications were drawn up traywhere near the mark they would have saved us an awful amount of profanity being dedicated to the old pump and well by its numerous patrons, for by 'this time the new well would have become an accomplished fact, and thirsty souls revelling in easily prooured suotion. But it appears .the specifications not only left room for the proverbial coach and four to drive through, but a whole regiment of cavalry and a herd of buffaloes besides, the result being fresh tenders to be called, more brain power to bo expen ded, and more sealing-wax to be utilised. (They say the more work the more honor, but in this portion of Her Majesty's dominions that remark will stand challenging). ' In any cose tho very worthy compiler of the specifica tions will have another opportunity to distinguish himself. Let us hopo ho won't go to the other extreme this time and strangle the " candidates" with red tape. The social at the Cookenburra State Sohool on Satnrday night last came off as usual in grand style, the only draw back being the limited number of the fair sex. But that was more than com- pensated for by the amiability and kindly untiring efforts of the nine pretty divinities that were there. One bit of a hitch that happened to one of the "Jack's" of the party, as ho was escort ing his darling " Jill" home in tho calm stillness of the lovely night. The moon's pals beams that shone so sweetly upon them shone also on some beautiful ripe grapes in a vinoyard they were passing at the time. " Jack," desirous for" Jill" to have a bunch, gallantly vaulted the fence and procured her ono, but in getting back again he hitched bis pants in a big splinter of the top rail, and, losing his balance, fell forward and hung suspended, indignant, but helpless, by his nether end. What was to be "did." "Jill" essayed to scream, " Jack" swore " a docker," but without avail. His " Bliss's tweed" wouldn't give. Fortunately at the time a buggy load of the revellers that were driving home were hailed by " Jill," and poor " Jack" was speedily released, and joined the laugh as heartily as any of them. The only difficulty existing at the time was what excuse he could make to tho mater for the "breach" in his " inoxDreaaiblos." They say "it's better to be born lucky than rich," but what about being unlueky and not rich, To illustrate — Mr. John Draper, a steady-going, hardworking carpenter, of Barnawartha, not unduly encumbered with too. much of thie world's goods, has had the misfortune to lose another boree, this making three he has lost lately. The first, being lent, was accommodated with a feed of .: pol lard, .which proved its death-warrant; the second got staked and jammed be tween two logs, and died ; the last one, which gave up the ghost yesterday, was afflicted, with an indescribable complaint that baffled every remedy applied. The Stockyard Greek mining opera tions are necessarily, slowly but steadily progressing. The Bhaft was down some thing over 70ft. on Tuesday having been sunk thus far with windlass, but they intend to get up Bteam now right away, and get the engine to work. The con-' tractor for the tunnel commenced opera tions on Tuesday last, having to drive some 660ft, from the bottom of the dam-to a point near the Bhaft to conduot fchn Yffnt-.nr fnr oliiin.inrf nnrnnnPR. Thftrn are quite a number of men already em ployed just now, but when bottomed and opened out there will be a far greater number. We wish the plucky promoters every success. Everything is getting as dry as a lime-burner's basket. The scanty grass is dry, the waterholes are getting dry, the pump is dry, old " Bob" is dry, the vignerons say some of the wine is dry. In any case the writer's dry, and as thiB is a dry subject I'll " dry up" and make , for the Dry Creek and irrigate. The -writer went, aud haB- now re-1 turned a " wetter, if not a wiser, man," wet inside and out, but .as happy as a big sunflower, having come to the con clusion that "aqua" stands no show outside when "vinte" has full charge inside, but if ever he gets a chance at a certain Barnawartha barometer' he'll " go for it" with a slip-rail. 