News by the Mail. The English mails by the R.M.S. Massilia were delivered on Monday in Sydney. From our files to hand to January 21, we take the following: — -Hie Princess of Wales and Iter daughters remain at Randringbain, in which locality they are often to be seen tricycling. The Princess is said to nave been greatly dis tressed by the death of her favourite collie dog, which had been one of her chief pels for 20 years. The Prince is about to visit the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh at Malfn , irnnce AiDero victor acted as best man at the marriage In London of a son of the late Mr. Grenfell, of Taplow, who always entertained the Oxford crew for a week prior to commencing their practice at Putney. The 30 Balaclava heroes who survive are preparing a jubilee address to the Queen. There wfll be a week of jubilee festivities at the Crystal Palace during June. Jubilee preparation an everywhere in progress. Mrs. Gladstone has become lady president of the new Liberal League. The hit© Mr. Fnmk- Btusklfiod* thfl justittalisti left £5000_ with which to endow a Fish -Culture Professorship, but this has been much reduced through an absconding executor. Two brothers, according to the City Tress, recently had each £100,000 left them, one ot whom was -very angry that so large a sum should have come to him.- In order to rid himself of the burden of this wealth, he invited nine other members of the family to a feast, when they found stock worth a considerable amount under their plates. An eccentric lady in Ontario recently left £30,000 to a young lady, provided she married a certain young gentleman on the day of the funeral. Thie provisions of the will were promptly complied with. An eccentric Parisian has left £100,000 to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anunals. His relatives regard the will as cruel and will dispute it. An effort is being made to preserve Fairfax House, Put ney, in which Queen Elizabeth, used to breakfast when waiting for her State barge. What is known as the Westminster Tobacco Box is now on exhibition in London. It has been in possession of the. overseers since 1713. It is a horn, the plate bearing an engraving by Hogarth. Coldbath Fields, almost the lars-est prison in England, is for sale. There were 20,000 skaters on the Serpentine on Sunday, January 16. Tobogganing has been common on the heights near London. Snow has again fallen heavily in some localities. The hares, rabbits, and grouse have been dying of starvation in Yorkshire; and song-birds were picked up dead near London. The deer are dying in large numbers in the Scotch forests, and there has been a great destruction of sheep. Italy has been buried in snow. A captain has just succumbcd at Gravesend, a martyr in the cause of humanity. During the homeward voyage of his vessel from the Brazils, smallpox seized two of the crew. The rest of the sailors being alarmed, the care of the two sick men devolved on Captain Bew, who nursed them with tender solicitude. His patients recovered; but, after the arrival of his vessel in the Thames, the captain was stricken down with the disease and has died. The late Mr. Coopc, the brewer, leaves £540,000. The Easter Volunteer review will, most likely, be held at Brighton. . Franco has invited England to take part in the forth coming French railway jubilee. Considerable alarm has been created among the operatives at Lostock by the beliof that tho ghost of a deceased work man nightly appears at the mill. Several people declare that they have seen the ghost, and will not approach or leave the mill except in a body. Two young women, while walking on ' the line near Motherwell were overtaken by a train and cut to pieces. Owing to the alarming rate of infant mortality, the medical officer of West Hartlepool characterises the feeding bottle as the Herod of South Durham. The fog occasioned two railway accidents in Scotland. .A vessel which had been abandoned at sea, though laden with gunpowder, ran ashore at San Francisco, and exploded, wrecking many buildings and injuring several persons. A trial at the Old Bailey revealed the existence of a very valuable property known as Mobbs' estate. In 1791 a person named Mobbs died, leaving 250 acres of land, chiefly meadow, upon which a port ion of Hoxton now stands, to his two sons. Owing to the frauds of executors neither of them received a single sixpence. To-day theestate is worth many millions sterling and is the subject of litigation. . A man, residing in Clcrkenwell, 77 years of age, com mitted suicide with a darning-needle. Two labourers went into a barn, resolved on committing suicide. They took poison ; one died and the other re covered. A coroner's verdict of felo de se was returned on the one, and the survivor is charged with beinj* accessory before the fact. A man who stole a few pears from a stall in London, 10 years ago, has written confessing that he has been troubled ever since, and enclosing a postal order for Is. 6d. Of late there has been a perfect epidemic of horrible cruelties inflicted upon little children by their parents. At Willenhall the body of a child buried in April last has been exhumed, thero being a suspicion of poisoning. One of the .women charged in Paris with getting married simply to make off with the presents smashed the window SlAll ? A.-A J__ ? ... .. wj. AAci. aitcuip ieu w commit euiciac 'Wltii taO broken glass. Ten thousand people paid for admission on Sunday to witness a bull-fight in Paris. Statuettes of the wife of the American President have been moulded from old and mutilated bank-notes ground into pulp. The Americans have passed a bill for the suppression of polygamy. A large piece of rock on tho Canadian shore, weighing thousands of tons, from which visitors obtained ono of tho finest jviews of the Horseshoe, Niagara Falls, gave way as a consequence of the frost, and fell into the river. Railway carriages are now fitted up as churches in Russia, so that people can worship as thoy travel. It is estimated that Russia can put an army of five and a-balf millions of men into the field. A disastrous panic occurred on the night of January 18 at the Hebrew Dramatic Club, Prince's-street, Spitalfields, resulting in the loss of 17 lives. The club is a favourite place of amusement among tho Jews of the district, enter tainments being given almost nightly. The owner is Mr Smith, a butcher, of Dorset-street, Spitalfields. A benefit performance was being given last night. Various rumours are cun-ent respecting the origin of the panic; but it is believed to have been fflused by a man ^ and woman who were quarrelling out side the building. The woman screamed, and somo one outside raised the cry of ' Fire.' Almost instantaneously the whole audience, numbering about 500 persons, mostly Jews, rushed to the entrance, and in an incredibly short time 12 women, three boys, a girl, and a. man were crushed to death. A policeman, .attracted by the noise, summoned assistance, and seven persons, more or less injured, were extricated and conveyed to the London Hospital. Their injuries were not of so serious a nature as to prevent their being taken to their homes after they had received medical care. The scene inside the hall was of the most terrible character. The people were thoroughly horror stricken. Tlioso who were uppermost scrambled and walked over those who were prostrate in all directions. It is mar vellous that the loss of life was not m»ii greater. The bodies of the killod present a shocking spectacle, being much bruised and distorted. Those identified up to this morning were:— Isaac Levy, 70, of 207, Brunswick-building Goldsmith-street, Whitechapel; Mrs. Levy, 47, his wile Solomon and Lewis Eratofsky, aged 13 and 14 respectively of 49, Pelham-street, Spitafields ; Rachel Levy, 22, of SO,' Myrtle-street, Commercial-road, Whitechapel ; Regina Moncandam, 45, of 1, Catherine Wheel-yard, White chapel; Pesi Kohen, a girl, aged 15, of 2, Cobert's-court Bill-lane, Spitalfields; Esther Ellis, 16, of Colchester street, Spitalfields; Milly Gilbert, 36, of. 3, Chicksand street, Spitalfields ; Isaac Gilbert, 12, her son. The scene in the neighbourhood Wflfl Vnoaf: r)icfraccinn- A force of police took possession of tlie building.* The sixty-ninth half-yearly meeting of the Hunter River £-ew Steam Navigation Company was held at Morpeth on Monday. The report stated that the result of the operations for the past half-year left tor disposal £4990 ; balance from previous half-year, £|33, the available balance being £5724, which the directors recommended to be appropriated as follows:— Insurance account, £2000; to dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £2750; leaving at credit of Drofit and loss. £9/4-. Thfi »nn?+ n*,*? Messrs. RichArd Ciuckusll Qnd «Taqics D« JProutice vrere elected auditors. AN OPEN. ENEMY is not to be feared , but the secret foe should be guarded against. The only effective guardian against all forms of kidney and liver difficulties is Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters. 14 Eever known to fail M is the motto inscribed on its banner* 