The Novelist. BBIFTED. CHAPTER IT. RATHEIi STARTLED. I put my hand out for Mary. She had entered behind me, and my hand was taken. 1 started . It was not Mary's hand grasping mine, but Mai maduke's ; and he held me as if I were a frightened child. Then I could see the paleness of Mary's dress, shimmering and moving through the dark aisles. The moon was high enough to send a slanting ray down upon her. It made her look like a spirit. I said so in a hushed way to my companion. ' Yes,'—his own voice was hushed ] ' but do not say so to her, she will only laugh at at you. Let us follow her. She is going to the choir. The moonlight will be streamin down upon it.' And we then fell under the white light. Leaving it, the dimness became blackness. Far—far into eternity it seemed to stretch. Above somewhere—were these walls%— there wavered gray glimmerings, and other glimmerings, where was colour of shadowing red, and blue, and gold—were those widows! The moonlight did not wake them. There was only dim, weird grayness and half colour. Two steps more, and we were in the blackness. There was a line of checkered stone-paving where the strip of moonlight fell. It looked real and firm ; where Mramaduke led, there was only darkness. Would my feetj-suddenly fail and sink ; and would the towering pillars close in, and the high arches fall and hide me 1 I shuddered. We will come another way ;' and my guide led me quickly past a pillar, and under a canopied tomb, where a black marble knight lay. Again I saw the moonlight, and now it fell on the uplifted head and arm of a marble White, and gleaming, -and strangely, restfully beautiful, was the rising figure. Involuntarily I stopped, and then saw below the beckoning angel the sleeping body of a young girl—pure, and, white, and peaceful. ' How beautiful !' said I, under my breath. 1 Yes,' Marmaduke whispered. ' That's the gem of the cathedral.' We did not move. ' Are you coming V' A steady voice broke our dreaming. ' Yes, yes.!' hurriedly and impatiently answered Marmaduke. Two seconds more took us into the choir. A broad sheet of moonlight poured from the high east window. Fantastic flickering colours from the painted glass mingled with the white sheen ; the black oak of the carved stalls rose eerily their spired canopies ; by my hands were gorgon heads, and dragon heads of saints that guarded the end of eaeli set of stalls, and where were the steps which day by day the choristers mounted to their places. Over |all waved torn, dim-hued banners, still hanging ghost-like, with the quaint,' heraldic emblems striking out a weird, old life. In an instinctive way the tattered banners sounded a voice of reality out of the dim vagueness. ' Now go and play,'—so commanded Mary, —' and not anything doleful, or you will have Agatha and I flying into the organchamber after you.' ' Hark !' I was sure I heard footsteps. ' Ghosts, surely !' unkindly spoke Mary. ' There they come !' She pointed out into the darkness, and then took my shoulder in her grasp, and held me from her at arm's length, as if to put me nearer to.this drerdful sight. There was nothing ; but I shivered, and shrank up to her. ' I call this jolly 1' cried Mary "Do look sharp, Marmaduke, and play. Agatha and I wili sit here and listen.' ' You carry the wisdom of all the ancients in your brain. Who is to blow the bellows V " Dear, dear ! Do you mind sitting here alone, you child ? Yes, of course you do, I see., ' I should very much mind,' I decidedly said, in the courageousness of my fear. Again the tap of steady steps sounded. I was sure I heard them. ' Do come away !' I prayed. I got my answer out of the darkness. ' Do you want an organ.blower V It was a full, deep voice, marvellously clear in its utterance, and yet not sharp, but musical. In a second the speaker came facing us from the opposite side of the . choir. How can I tell what he was like, seeing my eyes were full of vague, dreamy, supernatural fancies 1 He stood straight in front of me by the side of Marmrduke, very tall, very dark, I should say, I am sure his beard was blak, and his face, I supposed, was a handsome face. He had dark eyes, and his featuress, perhaps because the moonlight was on them, looked white, like marble, and finely chiselled. Very likely the strange gleaming light made more visible the delicate lines and shadows. Were all Crowchester people so wonderfully beautiful 1 So far, my few hours' knowledge had shown me little else. But, foolishly, I did not like this man ; why I could not have said. Mary's hand on my shouder trembled —was she, too, frightened ?—and she took it away. ' Mr. Fry !' ejaculated she. At the same moment Marmaduke, How did you come here V He had a nature which did not control the show of his feeling. I saw he did not welcome this friend. • The door was ajar, my clear Kempson, and I can just manage to put two and two together. I thought to myself, that musical maniac is practising." He ceased for a second, but 1 could not say he hesicated, then began again, ' A change has come over the spirit of my dream, and it was needful I should see you to see you here. ] did not know ' ' I am not alone. I cannot talk business now,' Was Marmaduke querulous ? I scarcaly new him ; I had yet to iind cut that he ha the artist teniperament'which is sympathetic! is easily pleased, and easily troubled. ' And, still, is not that the silver lining for the cloud V The man bowed to Mary and me. What a foolish speech, thought I ; and none the better did 1 like him for it. Marmaduke played, and whatever else he might be, I was sure he was a born musican. Afterwards Mary told me that every spare moment he had he gave to music. That night, even, I think she told me as much as that as we walked through the dark cathedral aisles to the little side door, but I was in a tremor of fear. At the same time, my soul was strangely uplifted through the influence of the great organ music which had come pealing out, and had sung down the ghostly, weird influence of the night-shadowed churc. The two men were behind us, staying to lock up the organ. We had to wait foi them at the door ; for insead of leaving it ajar, as he had found it Mr. Fry had closed it. ' Foolish man !' said I ; 1 I wDuld have much preferred being in the outer summer darkness than in the sliut-up cliurh.' Had the man a faculty for coming upon people unawares 1 He was at my shoulder, saying, ' I hope that was not meant for me. I am afraid you said it because you found the door shut V 'Yes ; I did.' No doubt it -was unladylike; but my tongue was made to.say something rude to this man. However, his politeness was perfect. He would not see or hear niy intent. , 'I must plead guilty,' said he, in his musical voice, 'and 1 will tell you the reason.' • ' You are very fond of talking just now, Fry, I think.' Marmaduke spoke with irritation ; and why 1 Might not his friend speak if he chose 1 ' Yes,'answered the other, quietly. 'But we were passing through the doorway. I always was conceited. Miss Kempson will tell you the same." He seemed to wait for her to speak. Mary laughed a little uneasily. ' Am I to catalogue your virtues, Mr. Fry —or your vices?' ' I should not like to hear you speak of the last.' His voice was lowered for only Mary to hear; but the utterance of the low words was so clear that my ears caught them. We were walking across a corner of the Close. I do not remember what we were saying. Suddenly, Mr. Fry stopped, and said, Good night, then. My way lies in the opposite direction.' (To be Continued) 