VICTORIA. MliLBOUUNE. Sumltiv. Tiio E.M.S. Vulctta lias on board two of Clamper's beat boats, oue for lleucli, and the other for Mattcraon. iiotli arc progenia from Mr. G, Muir. The first irrigation works undertaken by the Victorian Government will shortly be couvwcuccd. The weir will be erected across the Goulburn Itivcr, between Jvagambil and Murchitiou. The cost is computed at about £04,000. A wrestling match between Cannon and Connor for tuc Grceo-Romati chumpionship of the world and a stake of £400, took place at the Alexandra Theatre on Saturday night. Tho result was decided by* the best two out of tlircc falls, A desperate struggle ensued for about twenty minutes, when the men retired for a rest. Upon resuming tonic most exciting work was displayed, and Con nor obtained the first fall. Camion having strained the muscles of his neck he was uuablc to coutiuuc the match. Connor con* sequently won the championship uud the stakes. The mnlcb, Shaw's English Professionals v. Fifteen u[ Uic ftast Melbourne Club, was continual on tfnlnrJny. The Knglishmcn resumed their 1h*t inuings, and t&oicd; 270 for the loss of eight wickets. At the Victnrifiti Amateur Kara Meeting held ill C.tullield on Natnnlny, the results »vcre very bad (<JV hftukeca. 1'iic fallowing IN the ibsue of events : t&LLixu; RACI:, 1<H> -)VS.-Maroney, 1; The Ghost, 2; Sorccrcr, 3, tiiglit starters. Won by ft length. HANDICAP HURDLE IUCE of lSOsovg. Whalebone, 1; Goodwood, 2 ; Human, 3. Seven starters. Won easily, ST. HILDA CUP HANDICAP, 300*-OV$. Abu»e, 1 ; I'haron, 2; Koliai, 3. Thirteen starters. This was a capital race ; wun by a head, the third horse being behind second by a head. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, 250eovs. Sweetmeat, 1 ; Marmion, 2 ; Roulette, 3. Nine starters. Won by three quarters of a leugib. FEDEKAL STAKES HANDICAP, 100 govs, Boy, 1; Ucdouiu, 2 ; Escutcheon, 3. Eight starters. Won by a head. SOUTH YAURA HANDICAP of 100 SOTS. Vascova, 1 ; William Tell, 2 ; Straight Shot, 3\. Twelve 6tariers, Won by a length. Monday evening. On Saturday nigbt a carpenter, named Wright, in a fit of frenzy, attacked his wife and her nurse with a knife at bis residence, Collingwood. The wife had only just been confiucd. Wright then cut his own throat and died almost immediately afterwards. The women will probably recover. 