TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodeus. CanlfiilJ will once mora be the rendezvous this afternoon, and, provided no interference is forthcoming from that nil important factor, the weather, Mr. Bond can evidently reckon on anomersuccesstulreunion. At the timeof writing thosovera! events contained in the programmo present on unusually formidable appearance, and the fields ou tlio whole promise to hoof satis factory dimensions. For the initial event, the .Trial Stakes, Morrison has a formidable team to select from in Don Giovan',; New Fashion and Dnfferin,- the chosen of which may win, and although; the Caulfiold fillies, Gadfly and Louise Berta, will require to . be. reckoned with, I like Don Giovan;- Goodwood -should take an immensity of heating in the Hurdle Race, and Iknow of nothing capable of lowering his colors, unless it bo Whalebone or Huntsman. Umbra and Success aro head and shoulders above the remaining candidates for the Selling Race, and in caso of ono or both being absentees, which is not at all improbable, I would expect to see the places, filled by The Ghost, Stafford and Sorcerer. As I intimated last, wcclr, -Atlas has .been fairly turned looso in-'tho Steeplechase,- at -10 St.; 8 lb., and, although I look lipoid Sweetmeat and Royal Oak as the noxt host handicapped candidates, I doubt whether ' either could successfully oppose Mr. Madden'a horse at the weights. On public form, Ringmaster reads an equally good thing for the Glen Huntly Handi cap, but as his movements aro invariably enveloped in uncertainty, there is no knowing what lino of conduct may be pursued with regard to. the eely son of First King. 1 like Sirocco and E. D. best of the othars. Mr. Barnard . appears to havo entirely overlooked Albert Loddon's meritorious victory iu the Criterion Stokes at the Y.A.T.O. February meeting, otherwise he would not have let him in at precisely the same weight for tha Two-year- old. Handicap, namely, 7 st. 0 lb. Under such favorable handicap conditions, I fail to see how Albert Loddon can very well suffer defeat, but next to biin I should look to Lady Lovel or Epicurean to supply tho winner. Tho delightful weather which, prevailed on Saturday last was instrumental- in attracting Co Wyndham the largest attendance over known to patronise the local racecourse, and as the other attendant surroundings wofoof an equally pleasurable character tbo extensive company must, have been thoroughly gratified by the visit. With reference to the racing, Romanofl's dual victory stood out as the feature of tho afternoon; and after the long, spell of ill fortuno experienced by "Mr. R. Flyllips," whoso black jackot and rod cap have very seldom been seen in the van since the days of ICit Nubbles and Napoleon, nobody begrudged him a turn of luck. RomanoiTs separate performances wero easily, achieved, but he was not troubled with weight, as his impost for tho second event was only C st. 6 lb. , including a 5 lb. penalty. The double winner is a 6-yoar-old gelding by "Tho Divor from Croani, by Troubador. It was a neatly executed coupt but as odds of 3 to'l were forth coming in tbo |Mambouriu Handicap, the market was tar from exhausted, and the stable could liavo thrown in for a larger stako bad they desired. - Thoy evidently did", not',, estimate tbo ' issuo in tho light oi the. moral which it proved, other wise tho matured gelding would havo started at similar odds which regulated his second triumph. At ono time he- threatened to bo knocked about in tho hotting for the Shire Handicap, but there could be no 'mistaking tho genuine' market ring with which ho canto before leaving the paddock. The manner in which ho dropped behind prior to-rounding tho homo turn causod his backers considerable uneasiness ; hut it was only momentarily, for he was no sooner clear of the bend than he carao through like an arrow, and won with a bit in band from Whisperer— a horse whose chanco was greatly fancied by a number of people who usually know their way about a paddock. By tho way, there were two Whis perers running at Wyndham, ono of whom Tiwmrml tlio Hurdle Race. This is In contra vention to tho V.R.C. rules, and should have been remedied at the tlmo ontrios were re ceived. Instaucos of this kind havo cropped up somewhat frequently of late, and for the guidance of thoso owners who aro not acquain ted with the rule bearing on this particular point I may atato that when a name bas been claimed for a horse any other horse for which the same namo is aftorwards claimed must ho distinguished by tho addition of tbo numerals IL or UI., &<-' It the same namo isolaimed for two or more horses at tho same time tho order of priority shall ho determined by tho committee of tho Victoria Racing Club. Any person ontering a horse in contravention of this rule is liable to a lino not exceeding i!50. To revort to tho Wyndham doinge, Whisporer made quito an oxamplo of tho Bold opposed to him in the Hurdlo Raco, nover being once headed from start to fluish, somowhat to the surprlso of thoso who mado Star such a hot favorito. By winning tho Flying Handicap with Prattler, and running second to Romanoff with tho' aid of Achmet, tho Mordialloo stable I mado a bold bid for tbo double, lite victory of tho- first named was preoeiKd by a protest against Richmond, who appeared at the scales -o, weigh out for St. Michael. Mr. Crooke, tho trainer of Prattler, informed the stewards that .Richmond had been engaged to ride Mr. Whittingham'scolt three weeks previously, and this being tho case they declined to weigh him out for St. Michael. Meanwhile the last named becamo a pronounced favorito, and as there was not time enough toprocure a substitute for Richmond ho was only withdrawn after the other horses had gouo to the post. There was considerable grumbling amongst both backers and layers, except, of course, from those who were fortunate enough to got on at the right time to Prattler, who jumped from 4 to 1 to oven monoy immediately it beoame known - St. Michael was an absentee. Tho stylo in which Snip cut out tho running caused tho favorite's friends anxiety until the distance was reachod, when the brown gelding com pounded and was comfortably settled by the 2-year- old, who, however,, repeatedly shifteu in tho run home. Tho easy manner in which Snip won the Selling Stakes later in tho day eomowhat enhanced Prattler's performauco. The stewards of tho Jockey Club ineditato an addition to the second paragraph of Ruio 35 (iii.), tho words in italics showing the altera tion : — "If a horse run in a hood, clothing or other equipment, it must bo put into tho scale, and included in tho jockey's weight." Tho first thing that suggests itself on reading tho pro posed addition is the motive influencing the alteration ; and it is only fair to presumo that tho projected innovation has direct roferenco to bridles and bandages, these being tho only ;form of " equipment" usually carried by race horses. Possibly a whip, oi, as the rules defiue, a substituto far a whip, may come under the appellation; but then thero is a rule which prohibits- a whip being placed in the scales, alsq leaving it optional for a jockey to weigh out -or in with his bridle. Tho -application of the'"equipment"cclauso, if adopted, would in this particular relationship' read somewhat oonlradietory.-There'oan bo very littlo doubt that the afiiendm£gt;-hasbec-u prompted in order to prevent fraud-' in tho direction indicated. What with charged breastplates, loaded whips and a novelty known as quicksilver bandages, it is said, to be no difficult matter to seriously deceivo a handicapper as to tho weight carried iu d race, and tho jockey Club lias evidently not taken action in this matter without just cause. This allusion reminds me of a massive bridle and breast plate habitually in use in a leading stable, and which. I first dis covered when it was utilised by way of assist ing to keep dark tho excellence of a V.R.C. Derby wiuner. If I mistake not, I saw tho same "equipment" in use' on a prominent 2-year-old during the autumn training prepara tions nt Flemington, and the juvenile alluded to I have reason to beliove never carried Ices than 9 st. in his morning gallops. The formation of a " bird cage " at Fleming- ton will doubtless be Tieived by different people in different lights, and I am quite pre pared to find that the encomiums that have been so liberally bestowed upon tho V.R.C. by critics generally in connection with this latost innovation will bo echoed by a largo section of the public. To many who,; liko myself, have business in the paddook and are necessarily anxious to get a complete and com- fortaklo view of the horses saddling, it will doubtless be acceptable and decidedly accom- modatlug, but I question its general popularity. When dilating upon the innumerable ad vantages possessed by Flemington over the crack racing centres of the. old world, Aus tralians have beon wont to conclude with the clinching boast that "half a sovereign takes you everywhere," in whioh particular respect visitors were bound to admit that Fleming- ton heat the courses in England, where separate charges aro mado to tho various enclosures. I shall therefore not bo surprised to find that many visitors ti> "L'lora- ington will object to what may bo looked upon as tho thiuead of tho wedge, which may eventually split up and destroy their present privileges. It will bo admitted, however, eveu by the offenders themselvos, that trainers are seriously incommoded by the crush to which thoy aro subjected when attending to the saddling, of their charges, and nervous horses are worried and made fretful thereby, to the manifest detriment of their; prospects of suc cess. Therefore I am disposed to view the erec tion of a bird cago as a protection to trainers which thoy have really a right to oxpoot from the club ; and perhaps it may be some consola tion to many of Ikosa who, in the past, when "having a look at the horses," have mistakou Hortonso for Lady Ashton, or Slalua for Game, that if thoy object to pay tho special charge to bo made to the birdcage thoy will have more room than heretofore outside, and probably kucjw quite as much about the condition of their particular fanciea as though they had beoh ahle to " throw an eye over them." Tho opening meeting of tho newly formod course at Richfield, near Mordialloc, will take place on Thursday next, when the fields promise to be fairly largo, and some acceptable sport should result. I am givon to understand that the course is admirably adapted for the purposes of a raco gathering, and I havo no doubt Mr. Bradskaw's new venture will meet with becom ing patrouago at tho hands of tho raco going public. Racing will commence with the Trial Stakes, which may'go to Flying Fish or Laura. Encore should win the Hurdle Race, followed homo by Whisperer or Sir John Moore. For tho Richfield Stakos I liko Louise Bertn, St. Micbaoland Prattlor iu the ordcrnamed. and Beta or First Top may appropriate the Selling Race and Achmet or Chronograph annex tho Mor dialloo Handicap. Tho Youthful Stakes ap pears at tho mercy of St. Michael, with Prattler and Carnival noxt best Tbo principal race meeting to engage atten tion on tho Queou's birthday will he that of the Syduoy Turf Club, when two important events will call for decision in the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, for both of which a nurabor of Victorian horses aro nominated. Neither is there auy cause for complaint at tho treatmont extended to them ; in fact Mr. Scarr has beon unusually lenient in this respect, as exempli fied by tho following weights Royal Stakes, Hogmanay, 8 st. 10 lb. ; Mozart, 8 st. 4 lb. ; Now Fashion, 7 st, 5 lb. ; Bonnie Doon, 7 st. 3 lb. ; Chicago, 6 at 12 lb. ; Master John, 6 st, 10 lb. ; and Sunshade, 6 st. 3 lb. Queen's Birthday Cup : — Ringmaster, 8 st 9 lb.; Dunlop, 8 st. 91b.; Bohemian, 8 st. 7 lb.; Ben Bolt, 8st. 71b.; Kohai, 8 st 5 lb.; All Gold, 8 st 3 lb. ; Mozart, 7 st 10 lb. ; and Bonnio Doon, 6 st 9 lb. Of tho foregoing I liko New Fashion best for tho Royal Stakos and Mozart for the Cup, albeit Foulsham's double, Chicago and Bonnio Doon, or two Bonnie Doons, may prove good business. Of the home contingent I prefer Mitrailleuse, 8 st. 6 lb.; Sorella, 7 Bt. 10 lb.; Yctman, 6 st 12 lb. and Dova, 6 st; for the sprinting race ; and Yellow Jacket, 7 st 12 lb.; Sorella, 7 st 2 lb. and Corban, 6 St., for the Birthday Cup. Owners are notified that acceptances for both events closo on the 16th inst One of tho most enjoyabio meetings at Flemington is that held on the Queen's Birth day by tho Melbourne Hunt Club by way of initiating the hunting season. Tho attendance is always numerous enough to lend gaiety and " go" to the gathering, and never sufllciently large to cause the aunoTance and discomfort of a Cup or Derby Day, and therefore it has in variably fallowed that those who have spent her Majesty's birthday at Flemington have experienced a thoroughly enjoyable holiday. The programme is wisely limited to five events in accordance with the exigencies of the season, to enable everybody to get comfortably back to town in good time, which at this particular part of the year is by no means an unimportant consideration. The first event on tho card is tho Hurdle Race of 100 sovs. over the popular distance of a mile and a half and a distance, following which, is tho Selling Race of 100 sovs., half a mile, with selling allowances, which will doubtless attract all tho sprinters who seem to be fed aud kept exclusively for these events. - The -Steeplechase has 175 sovs. added and is over two milos of country, and may therefore be expected to induce a numerous nomination. The principal event on a neat little programme is the Birthday Handicap, a fiat race of six furlongs, value 259 govs.; and is tallowed by the Soiling Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs., one milo and a quarter, which completes the list. Entries ior the above fire races closo at the V.R.C. office on Monday next, the 9th inst., at 4 p.m., the nomination fee in each case being 1 sov. The hitoh which occurred at the outset of proceedings at Wyndham on Saturday gave riso to considerable uupleasantuoss. It arose through Richmond making his appearance at the scales to ride St. Michael after having pre viously consented to accept the mount on Prattler. Mr. Crooko, the trainer of the last named, naturally enough objected, and Rich mond was not permitted to weigh out. Ou the decision boing made known Maurice Grifllu found himself in a predicament, and as time was all but up,and be had searched in vain for a substituto, tboro was no alternative bat to scratch St. Michael. Under such extenu ating circumstances. Griffin was of courso relieved of any obligation in -regard to the rule relating to late withdrawals. Dut tho trouble did not end here; St. Michael had become a fancied favorite, and on the strength of the support forthcoming on behalf of the son of Glorious odds of . 4 to 1 were freely offered against Prattler— tsrm3 which met with ready acceptance, cspeoially by those who wore cognisant of the difificulty attached to St. Michael It was not until tho field was actually under orders that St. Michael's with drawal was announced, whereupon Prattler jumped to even monoy. There was a rare old hubbub after Prattlor passed the post, and soma very uncomplimentary remarks fell from tho lips of thoso who were unacquainted with the peculiar circumstances relating to St. Michael's retirement. Those who were actuated to speak by tbo state of their betting books at once concluded that St. Michael had been made the medium of a bold fiuossiug stroke, and some littlo time elapsed bofore they wero convinced to the contrary. The discom fiture of the ready money fielders can well be imagined, as thoy wero besieged by the Prattler- ites, as well as by the St. Michael ticket holders clamoring for the return of their deposits. A display of irritability under suoli aggravating circumstaucos was not altogether inexcusable. Next Mondny will bo a busy day with owners, as, in addition to the other meetings notified, entries close for the various events to be run at Elsternwiol: Park on the 21st inst. Those com prise tho Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs., five fur longs; Hurdlo Race, of 75 sovs., about a milo and a quarter; Victoria Handicap, 75 sovs., four furlongs aud a halt ; Selling Steeplechase, 75 sovs., about ono milo and throe-quarters ; Tiino Ilauilicap Trot, 75 sovs., three miles ; Selling Race, 75 sovs. , four furlongs and a half ; and Elsternwick Park Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile, a furlong and a half. Tho nomina tion feo is 1 sov. for caoh event. At this sea son of the year seven events iu ono short after noon's racing are too many ; but tha unduo length of tho programme is probably duo to tho desire to cram in a second sell'ig race. The attention of owners an' irainers is again called to the excellent progra ate put forward by Sydney Tattersall's Cluq or thoir Grand National Mooting to be holi, a Saturday, tho 4th of June, and for whicl sntrios close on Monday noxt, tho 9thinst.,eit, ir at the V.R.C. office or with tho secretary, I Jamos Perry, Tattersall's, Sydney. Tho programme, whioh is short and particularly sweet, consists of tho Grand National Hurdlo Race, of 200 sovs., two miles; Flying Handicap, of 200 sovs., six fur longs; Selling Race, of 150 sovs., one mile; tho Grand National Steeplochaso of 350 sovs. , about threo miles, and tho Winter Stakos, a handioap of 250 sovs. , ono mile and a quartor. Suoh a neat bill; of fare as the above must of necessity meet with liberal patronage. Tho proceedings whioh led to tho protest againBt Richmond riding St. Hichaol at Wynd ham tended to domonstrato how easily a jockey engaged in a -private trial may be deceived as to the merits of the same. Prioi to the meeting, Honora, ridden by Rummage, "and Prattler, steered by Richmond, who hat only recently returned from India, were givoi; a spin, in which the mars had all tho best oi the argument. As Honora was scratched for the Flying Handicap, Richmond had no desire to get up on Prattler, albeit Mr. Crooke in formed tho stewards that he had been engaged three weeks previously to rido the colt. Pro bably, had he been as satisfied as was Mr. Crooke himself with the true merits of the ga with Honora, Richmond would have been only too glad to don the black and gold seamed jacket. In getting on to St, Michael Richmond evidently flattered himself, and perhaps rightly, that he was in possession of a better mount, hut as events proved he let go the sub stance only to grasp at the shadow. Anothej case of the .-Esopian illustration of tha dog and the bono. Tho committee of Eowes's Tattersall's CI at have decided to hold their annual meeting thii season on tho Elaternwick Park course, and tho full programme will be found in the adver tising columns. Nothing could bo more in accordance with, the fitness of things than thai tho club should celebrato a " double event," and therefore probably, tho date fixed is the 21st June, whioh will commemorate both Her Majesty's Jubiloe and the Proclamation ot the New Constitution. A belter choice of data could not have been mado, as the day which is usually a Government holiday, will this year bo obsorved as such by all classes of the com munity, and therefore the meeting will pro bably attract a bumper attendance. The pro grammo opens with a Time Handicap Trot of 60 sovs., 3miles, and the "legitimate business" will be initiated with the Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., IV miles. The Jubilee Handioap of 10Q sovs., 5 furlongs follows, and then the Pro clamation Steeplechase of 100 sovs., about 2 miles. The Selling Race of 75 sovs. , is oyer a distance of 6 furlongs, and the last, aud most Important event on the card Is Bowes's Tatter sall's Cup of 125 sovs., distance 1 mile and 150 yards. Entries for all these events close at tha Victorian Trotting Club ofllco, Bourke-street, on Monday, the 6th June, the nomination fee in each case being 1 sov. General entries for the Queen's birthday meoting of the Sydney Turf Club close onMon- day next, and oan be made either with tha Socretary, Mr. T. S. Clibborn, 163 King Street, Sydney, or at the V.R.C. office. In addition to the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, which have already closed, the events to be considered are the Hurdle Race, of 200 sovs. two mites, tha Sovereign Plate, of 150 sovs., seven furlongs, tho lowest weight to be 7 st; and the Steeple chase, of 400 sovs., of which 100 sovs, go to tho second horse and 50 to the third, dis tance about 3 miles. Tbe nomination in each case is lsov. Tho Sydney Turf Club intend to supplement thoir Birthday. Meeting with a day's racing for amateurs, to be held on Saturday, the. 28th inst. Tho programme consists of a Flying Handicap, 40 sovs., lowest weight 9st. 7 lb., 6 furlongs ; the Amateur Cup, a trophy valua 75 sovs. for the winner, and ono worth 10 soys, for second, 1£ miles, at the following special weights for age — 2 years old, 9 st. 8 lb. 3 years, 10st. 121b.; 4 yoars and over, list. 41b.; Ladies' Bracelet of 25 sovs. value, and one of 10 sovs. for second, 1 mile, lowest weight 9 St. 7 lb.; Veteran Race, of 40 sovs. for wiuner and 5 sovb. for second, 6 furlongs, lowest weight 10 st. 71b., and Corinthian Stakes of 30 sovs. and 5 sovs., ij miles, at the abovo special weights forage. All horses are of course to be ridden by approved bowl Jide amateurs, and entries, accompanied by 1 sov. each, must be made with the secretary of the S.T.C. or V.R.C. before 4 p.m. next Monday. At a meeting of tho stewards of the IVynd- ham Racing Club, hold ou Tuesday, it was resolved to submit the protest against Light- step, winner of tho District Race,, to the committee of tho V.R.C. The grounds of the protest aro that the owner of Lightstep is not a resident of the district. . . Tho Duke of Beaufort's filly Reve HOr. trpn the One Thousand Guineas Stakes run at New market on Friday. The winner is a ' chestnut filly by Hampton — Queen of the Roses, and as a 2-year-old gave ample evidence of paoc, her principal performance being in the Dowhursb Plate, which she won, bealiug Enterprise tho subsoquent winner of the Two Thousand Guinoas, Florentine tho Middle Park Plate winner and others. Entries forthe meeting to ho held next Satur day at Moonoe Valley close at Mr. A. H. Cox s office, Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, the 9tb inst. Tho events demanding attention are the Maiden Selling Race, of 50 sovs., five furlongs; West Bourke Handioap, of 50 sovs., six furlongs ; Hurdlo Race, 50 sovs., one milo and a half; May Uaudicap, 50 sovs., four furlongs ; Selling Race, of 100 sovs., four furlongs anda half; Broadtnoadows Handicap, of 50 sovs,, of 50 sovb., oight turlongs aud a half. The V.R.C, committee have confirmed tho following disqualifications passed at the Yarra- - wonga Sports Meeting on the 11th ult.: — W. Langford, jockey, aud tho horse King Billy, suspicious ruuniug, 12 months. Tho steeplechaser Freetrader, who has recently swept the hoard in the Western dis trict-, has beon purchasod by Mr. C. Wilson, owner of Gardenia, and tho aged gelding, si now attached to P. Heywood's team at Or- leigh Park. Donald got so badly away in the concluding ovent at Warrnambool that cortain people were of opinion he would havo won had ho recoivod a good start. This expression of ideas led to a match for 50 sovs. aside between the defeated favorite and the winner, the result being that Capping won much easier than a few minutes previously over the same ground. Mr. Kerr (Donald's former owner) put up the stake on behalf of Capping. In tho absence ot Mr. George Watson, the startor'a flag at Wyndham was entrusted' to Mr.'R, Sevior and Mr. J. Redfern, who officiated alternately. With the oxception that Beck with was left at tlio post in tbe Shire Ilandicag through no defect on the part of Mr. Redfe'ru, no fault could bo found with the manner in , which the fields were despatched, O'Connor, a light weight attached to Joe Morrison's stablo, rode a couple of excellent . races on Romanoff at Wyndham. He displayed marked patience on oach occasion, this being a virtue which few beginners in the pigskin are \- .possessed of. 1\. The Hamilton stewards hare dismissed the Balbirnie protest. Thero is a prevailing idea in Sydney that the imported trotting stallion Huou is capable of breaking all Australian records, and it has been arranged that bo shall essay the task on the afternoon of Tuesday, 10th May. Several other events will bo contested, including a Free for 'All Trot for a purso of 25 sove., mile heats, Ihest two in throo; and a Three Minute Class | Trot for a purso of 25sovs.,mile heats, best threo in five. Owners interested in the Ivanhoe (New South , Wales) Jockey Club meeting, to be held on tho Queen's Birthday, are reminded that acco'p- . tancs and general entries are due nest Satur- . 'jay. the stewards of the Hamilton Racing Club . bavo dismissed tho protest entered against , Balbirnie, winner of tbo Mounted Infantry | Rate, on tho socond day of tho recent meet ing. . Mr. Talbot, I understand, has determined to put Blink Bonny to tho Assyrian, an alliance \- - which should bo attended by the happiest re- sult. Tho first public appearance of a young ster by a Melbourno Cup winner from a Canl- \- field Cup Ticlrcss will be an event of some -'interest- > Mr. R, O'Connor, of Oatlands, Tasmania, has Darned his foal sister to Silvcrton, Silvcrmere, \- and report speaks highly of her promising ap- poaranco. Tho Tasmanians entertain a very high opinion of Silvermine's 2-year-old half- '>, half-brother Silverton, who is engaged in the Victoria Dorby. Merlin, of the 2 asmanian, seems to think it probable that the tempting \- offers mads for the eolt may lead to his leaving tho island, though up to the present they have all been declined. If Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held nn auc tion at Tatteraall's Bazaar on Wednesday after noon of thoroughbreds, on various accounts. . 'Amongst tho lots disposed of wore tlio follow- Jng: — Wellington, oh g, by The Diver, out of \- Fulega j Mr. Woods, 70 guineas. Gulpha. bg, by llio Diver, out of LiUlo Nell ; Mr. Weekes, 145 guineas. Two-year-old b g, by Darriwell, out of Typhoon; Mr. Jones, 155 guineas. Ifatamua, b c, by same sire, out of Emily Faithful ; Mr. E. Weeks, 75 guinoas. ' The committee of the Williamstown Racing Club has. decided to carry out a number of >' alterations and improvements at tho course, which will involve an expenditure of nearly \- £10,000. Id the first place a contract has been acceptod for tbo romoral of the present wooden e' grand stand and tho erection of a new structuro to accommodato 2000 persons. It will be 200 \- feet long, and will cost £6000. Tho design hows a substantial structure of brick and iron, ' provided with special arrangements for tho comfort of ladies. A private box will also bo sot asido for the use of the Governor. The press accommodation ia to be distinct fiom the public portion of the grand stand. Provision Is made for tho enlargement of the saddling paddock. Tho mound in front of the old grand stand will bo raised the full length of the new i„ui.,uic auu ..in v.vieim LU me weiguing yara. iho material for its formation will bo obtained .from tbo centre of the courBe, and the excava tion thus made will bo converted into an ornamental sheet of water. The lawn in front of tho new stand will bo laid down in English grasses and ornamented with flower beds. Tho improvements are to bo completed before the next meeting of tho club iu November. Spado Guinea andPasha have been scratched for all Sydney Turf Ulub engagements. Maokay has been scratched for the Royal Slakos. Tho balanco sheet for tho last meeting of tbo Canterbury Park Raeo Club shows a profit of £264, and this, together with Mr. W. Kelso's donation of £25, wilt be handed over to the Bulli fund. Many of the club's regular tmployis gavo their services free. 