LOCAL NEWS. AlíItlVALS AND DEPARTURES OF CAROO SHIPS. The steamer Australasian left Sydney on Wed- nesday for London, via Melbourne and Port Victor, with the following cargo:-From Sydney: 4404 bales wool, 24 bales cotton, 10 bales leather, 3747 ingots (7G tons 5cwt. lqr. 191b.) tin, 200 bars silver lead (C tons 18cwt. 3qr. 1811).), 3479 bags cobalt ore (ISO tons), 1572 hides, 05 kegs butter, 4 cases cheese, 5 cases woollens, 1 case photographs, 7 cases tortise shell, 19 cases pearshell. From Newcastle: 2748 bales wool; 37 bales gluepieces, 11 bales basils, 20 hogsheads wine, and 2 cases apparel. Tho Skel inorlic, from London, with a general cargo valued at X35,800, arrived in Sydney harbour on Wednesday. The steamer Afghan cleired at the Sydney Customs on Wednesday for London, via Melbourne, and Port Augusta, with 1485 bales wool, 770 bags ore, 22 cases pearlshell, 4 bales basils, 4 cases bark, from Sydney, and 1010 bales from Newcastle. CRICKET.-The opening match of the season takes placo to-day between the Albion C.C. and Pearl CO., and will be concluded on Saturday next Oct. 8th on the Albion Ground. The following will re preset the Albion C.C. :-P. Waddy, T. Onus, R. T. Smith, R. E. Norman, Neale, G. Brunker, E. Nash, E Bowden, W. Howell, W. Lindsay, G. Cosstick. Play commences at a quarter past two o'clock. No doubt our cricket grounds will be the scene of much bustle and excitement during the coming season. NARBAURI STOCK PASSINGS.-Following aro the stock passing since our last :-150 rams, Scott and Co's, from Collaroy to Bogamildi : Tudor in charge. 2500 fat sheep, Walsh and Elliot's from Oreel to Sydney, per truck ; Waugh in charge. 300- fat wethers, B. and S, Cohen's, from Gundemaine to Maitland, per truck. 100 fat lambs, J. Hardy's from Drildool to Maitland, per truck.-Narrabri Herald, Sept. 27. Sept. 27. ' r * .**«.».«, ' A CUIOKET CLUB Fore MORPETH.-Attention is called to an advertisement in our columns request» ing cricketers in and around Morpeth to attend a meeting on Wednesday next to form a general cricket club for the district. With the talent available ' from Phoenix Park, Morpeth, Hinton, Nelson's Plains, and elsewhere a first class club Should be formed. This seoms to be the only wny to keep this manly game alive in that district. There is not room for more than one good club. COLE'S SURPRISE PABTY.-An advertisement elsewhere announces that Cole's Surprise Party will appear at the School of Arts, Paterson, on Tuesday evening. The programme includes songs, plantation scene, double horn pipe, clog and character dances. Mrs. D. C. Carter will preside at the pianoforte. ILLNESS OP MRS. JOHN EALES.-We record with feeling of deep regret the serious illness of Mrs. John Eales, wife of the master of Duckenfield, the Hon. John Eales, M.L.C., who was seized with an attack of paralysis on Thursday evening. The esteemed lady with her husband and members of their family drove out to Eutherford on Thursday afternoon, and witnessed the several events being run in connection with the Northern Jockey Club's meeting. In the evening Mrs. Eales, who appeared to be in her usual health, and excel- lent spkits paiticipated in one of the most brilliantïestivities of the season in Maitland-the Benedict» Ball-and conversed cheerily and freely with he J friends as usual. As the evening ad- vanced, browever, Mrs. Eales took suddenly ill. I(j was at once seen that the lady was seriously indis-^ posed. Fortunately her medical attendant, Dr. Pierce, was soon present, and the attack was of so alarming a character that Mrs. Eales was removed to Dr. Pierce's residence under his direction, and a messenger despatched to Duckenfield for the Hon. John Eales, who came to Maitland at once. Dr. Pierce'pronounced the case to be a very critical one. Upon inquiry last evening at seven o'clock we learned that Mrs. Eales was still in a very precarious condition, and no hopes were enter- tained of her recovery.-Sadder still upon again inquiring, we were informed by Dr. Pierce that Mrs, Eales expired at half-past nine o'clock, never having regained consciousness from the time of the attack. By the sudden death of this esteemed lady a By the sudden death of this esteemed lady a large family and wide circle of friends have been deprived of an oxcellent mother and good, kind, charitable counsellor. Mrs. Ealoa was over ready to assist and minister to the poor of the district, and many a farailj will now . miss the kindly assistance so freely- at all times- , rendered them by the deceased lady. This sad ' event has cast quite a gloom over the community,, for Mrs. Eales was deservedly respected and beloved by nil with whom she came into contact in her everyday life, and much sympathy ia expressed with the Hon. John Eales and his family in their sad bereavement. We might mention that Dr. Pierce did all that medical skill could suggest, but without avail. VICTORIA THEATRE.-Mr. D'Arcy Read and Company will appear at the Victoria Theatre, West Maitland, on Monday evening, in an entertainment entitled " D'Arcy Read's Ghost," which is described in the advertisement as the greatest novelty of tho age. The season ÍB to extend over six nights, and seats may be reserved at Mr. C. M. Clark's, High street. 