i -nu MELBOURNE LETTER; i Monday. I flr Ellwj'3 holiday- weather;:- has -ed Euch a superior article that I gy there must have been more genuine gpyment at the opening-of T887 thah .tiiiriv a corresponding period In former „-3l But, before anything else, I ait' record here a eoleinni protest joiinst the absence of the customary fcme3 from 8no'1 peltries as, possess Item, on Hogmanay night. A New year's inorn nnnshered by. the gladsome paling of the merry bells is iike a plum- pnddiog boiled without a cloth round ft fnou,1h the same facts are there, tbej are unrecognisable. I confess, too, that the ivinq out of these old English customs .'s ?ore grief tome. After a residence i nearly thirty- four years in Australia, inrT'ot to be denationalised enough to pofr-rs no snch regrets, yet they come i, my pen trippingly. For, just as in rr« Ftilendid services of the Church of 3, Rlana there d veils a solemn beauty iftbought and phrase which stirs the and sometimes confuses with ,2ra the eyes, of those who most dissent cm the doctrines tbey express ; so it ;fms to me that in the old customs isociated with Yule and the Year's itivity there is a memorial loveliness e season loses much in parting with. r3ly, under tbe practical conditions life in this new land, it seems to us at the gods are really dead, that tlie ;Cb= of tbe goddesses of poesy, of ;;ic, of art, ara bushed, and that the sn!y and the bloom of life is over- iciei, as it was when the gods birew from the fanes of Greece, and ti: still Greece, but living Greece no ira. Through that exquisite poem of iter J. Daley, with which the Xmas inbsr of tbe Sydney " Bulletin" opened : vear, there runs a similar key- note, tone of regret that all the barpstrings bfi past baye been broken, and that h tbe changed conditions of life the ntv and rugged grace of the old time perished — Ami even as be paused and sighed or all tbe perished godlliebead Of those green years of old. deep sleep ell on bim, and, so dreaming-wise, H-- saw tbe ghosts of days arise, list long ago were drowned deep Down in Lethean waters dead. lie song of ancient times and folk |gti!l spake, when as the dreamer woke In new times and a new world, where jSaowe fall not, nor doth old world care jll strong men in their prime, bnt light |0f bluer skies makes morning bright jh promise of fair life and long A -a 3 resif al death at evensong. 6 the old customs slip away and are i of no more, I feel that we are ? touch with the motherland, and proud as we are of the Australian rnwing np to hold hereafter the i of empire, tbe effacement of the i habits and celebrative methods of ::a=t is marking tbe crpation of a which will be essentially practical, common-piace and commoii- ;i. and prizing belter the man who | i: vent an improvement in wooden ,>!=, >ia-j the poet, the artist, or the fiVcrnn'isr, no matter in what direction l;er;ies may turn. This hardening If national character, this death of ::ia! nnalitiee, which it evinces, this :i seeking amnsoment independently ik of the home, instead of within its hi limits, pregnantly illustrates tbe taebs of the Australian race, and I E3 reflect what, controlled by such is. will be its destiny, j :Ti any post- tenanean existence I icr joy on any other planet, I have lion te select a father, I think I shall je a wool-kins baronet. It really |e one's month water to bear that Sir im Claike presented his son on his ing morning, net only with Runerts- laud its belongings, bat a trifle of a b representing thirty thousand Sis ia pocket money. His bride fol also, both from Sir William and (ly, suit 's of magnificent diamonds, 1 they had caused to be set in Im s.pecifdly, in order to make the t mora marked. Sooth to say, the 3 presents on this occasion were Dv to be laid at the feet of a princess, tb? number of friends who testified Idlings by offering jewellerv, chiefly |e:;, was remarkable. All daylong, |e occasion of the wedding, the |r? and special messengers con- jjc ro arrive at the bride's residence £ present? of various kinds, until at & their number and value became so fe that, in fear that thieves should ft in and steal, they had to be 5T-1 to a place of security. Golconda fc to Toorak on the occasion, and », were to be seen rabies and 4t>. to preserve health, the beantiful te?, ermdems of fidelity, the emeralds, to; r? of constancy, the talismanic Ls-ttings, and, fittingly enough, the noises, emblems of prosperity, which, l eiven wion ,ne love of friendship aB !; naturs: accoaipaniment, are snp- A to carry with them happiness and f rtune. Of course, besides precious k and the cunning works of the gold j'.lvensmitbs, there were also sent L ef those useless prettinesses t are supposed to add to the plenish- ti the new home, and which are 'I yo systematically duplicated ; but paction of determining what to do V tsese was somewhat mitigated by ipvrt that a large number of the pr's were cheques for very com- W i sums, accompanied by a re- » that some souvenir of the R-yn should be purchased with them. hshion of acquitting the obligation i -i upon you by the receipt of an to a wedding by sending a Pei instead of a present in kind, is a flr;S one, and as it saves the trouble of P!Bg, it is a very convenient method r-arging a social duty. But the f11D?-bslls have ceased to echo now ; "Ijic of the gladsome marches, the at the last joke, has lapsed into ErR Few ynnfl coupleB have ever I i nP& married .life in the Anstra- wlomes under such promising con- " tta ano3e which are the lot of Mr it aPer' Clarke- Yet, as the I at each life must have its share of 1 13 inexorable, it is only" right to' jm ®r> 39 Thackeray did in his ''end mj play" that however glorious the ff'Dg of life, still clouds .maifccome; I 8 hope of happiness mpifc lie not \- E-erior circumatances, but in the i'ri- peace — t ' For each most mourn in life's ,adv?J1®9». Dear hopes, dear friends, untimely knled, Shall grieve for many a '' And longing passion uefulnl . The coffiing in of tbe New Ye".,WaS marked by an unusual quietude. Hither to no sooner have the clocks chimed - out the " witching hour," than cannon and firearms have been discharged, . shrill thistles have been'sounded, bells rung, and uproar has resounded- on all sides/ This year, however, the feftiye business has been conducted in ti ininot/key. No bands of rowdy young' fellows have paraded the streets, and although here and there a policeman has been jumped on, just for diversion, the genial and gentle larrikin has, as a rule, kept him self within bounds, and the police authorities have reported that he arrests made for disorderly conduct have oeer far below the average. And this is all the more remarkable in that the year just closed has been a singularly pros perous one, with the consequence that money haB been plentiful of recent months, and we have had no strikes of any magnitude to cripple the holiday- making of the laboring classes. Gan it be that the young fellows are opening their eyes to the fact that it is by no means wise to live altogether in the present, and that if the future is to contain aught of "beer and battle" the existing substance must not be squandered in riotons living ? The returns of the savings banks for the past year prove that the depositors have increased bv thousands, and the money put up now runs into very large figures. It will be interesting when the holidays are quite over, to institute a comparison of deposits and withdrawals. Should the former be in the majority, we shall have reason to look forward with hope fulness to the coming year. Presently we shall have the proceeds of the new loan coming in, to be followed by the results of the recent rise m wool, and tbe net gaios: from a bountiful harvest. With all this, the outlook would seem to be a very hopeful one for the Year of Grace, 1887. 