V.A.T.C. RACE-MEETING. A day's racing took place at Caulfield on Saturday, the different events resulting as under:—' SELLING RACE. Maroney, 7st. 21b. (Redfearn) The Ghost, 7st. 6lb. Sorcerer, 7st. 31b Eight started. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Whalebone, 9st. 5lb. (Williams) Goodwood, list. 61b Huntsman, list. 71b ! Louis, Marron, Revenge, and Earimil also ran. Earimil struck a hurdle, and parted company with his rider. Revenge struck the hurdle on the top of the hill, and fell back to the rear, a position which he occupied to the end of the journey. THE ST. KILDA CUP. Of 300 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each ; second, 50 sovs One mile and a quarter and a distance. Mr. C. Wheeler's jun. ch c Abuse, by Slanderer—Jointress, 4yrs, 6st. 81b. (Cracknell) Mr. H. Oxenham's Phaon, 8st. 12lb. (Harris) Mr. I. Foulsham ns Kohai, 8st. 121b. (Robertson Meteor, Newmaster, Lord Cochrane, Impulse, Desperado, Lesbia, Menotti, Lara, and Hot Iron also ran. Betting 4 to 1 agst Kohai and Lara, 6 to 1 agst Phaon, 6 to 1 agst Abuse, 8 to 1 agst Meteor. A capital start, Lesbia and Impulse being the quickest to move, Menotti and Phaon next, Lira, All Gold, and the others in a cluster. Leaving the straight Desperado and Lord Cochrane ran wide in order to avoid a collision with a trooper, and the latter was never after in the race. Lara carried on the running up the hill, Lesbia and Impulse were in company, Kohai and Desperado came next, and then Meteor at^l Phion, while Hot Iron was a length behind In the dip Lesbia headed Lara, and had Menotti, Meteor, and Kohai in company, and others in about the s i me places Opposite the stand the two leaders were racing head and head, Menotti was next a length away, Desperado, Abuse, and Kohai formed the second division. Then came Lara and Phaon together, All Gold and Hot Iron being last Along the railway the order was unaltered until the sod wall was reached, where Abuse ran up to second place. Phaon also left his company and was third. Kohai and Lara were next together, the last of the field' being Meteor. Abuse caught Lesbia at the turn, Kohai ran up to Phaon, and Meteor , moved up from the .ruck Abuse , was first into the straight, Lesbia on his quarters, Phaon . and Kohai within a length, then Lara and Menotti, Desperado, All Gold> Lord Cochrane, and Hot Iron. At the distance Meteor came very fast and Phaon and Kohai challenged the leader. At the end of the stand Phaon reached Abuse, but Cracknell kept him going and managed to get home by a length Kohai was only beaten for third place by a neck. Meteor was fourth, Lesbia fifth, Lara sixth, All Gold seventh, the last three being Newmaster, Hot Iron, and Desperado. Time, 2min. 29sec, HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of .260 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each; second, 50 sovs. Two miles and a quarter. Sweetmeat, 9Bt. 71b. (Gardiner) ] Marmion, lOst. 71b. (Malone) ... 2 Roulette, list. 41b. (Corrigan) 3 The Irishman, Curiosity, Nabocklish, Banker Clianthus, and Simpleton also started. Simple, ton baulked at the second fence. As they-went up the hill Nabocklish fell Time, 4min. 68sec. THE FEDERAL STAKES, Of 6 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added. For twoyear-olds. Sixfurlongs. Boz, 8st. 111b. (Moore) i Bedouin, 8st. 101b. (Rawlings) 2 Escutcheon, 8st. 12lb. (Ivemy) 3 Lady Lovell, Albert Loddon, Pingara, and The Dreamer also ran. Time, lmin. 21sec. SOUTH YARRA HANDICAP. Vascosa, 7st. (Williams) 1 William Tell, 9st. 13lb. (Olds) 2 Straight Shot, 7st. 111b. (Williamson) Mitrailleuse, Violet, Faugh-a-Ballagh, Gadfly, Damocles, Espeigle, Chicago, Approba ion, and Success also ran. Time, lmin. 3l£sec. 