THE GIPPSLAND COAL FIELDS IT has been determined by the Mining Department to send a diamond drill to Mirboo, says the "Age," for the purpose of boring for coal in that district. Accordingly, the foreman in charge of the drill which has recently been working at Wandilgong, has. with that object, been requested to dismantle his plant, so that the machine may be transferred as soon as possible. The locality to be tested is between the Scarlett and Boolara outcrops of coal, the area having been taken up by a syndicate who propose to thoroughly test its resources. The drill at present working at Cape Patterson has bored a depth of 1393 feet 5 inches, and the indications are considered to be extremely encouraging. It is reported that another seam of coal has been discovered near Mirboo, similar to that at Boolara and on Scarlett's selection. H r e would direct attention to our notice re enlargement of " Journal" by atldition of Literary tiu}tpfemenf, and hope hy this arrangement to aroid the exclusion of matter irhich haï been newnssitated of late by the. . itvreamng demand* upon our *[xi<:c. nest tceek openx a »eir quarter, intending subscribers Kill fiul this an exceptional opportunity for entering their name* on our list, tchich if rapidly increasing. THURSDAY, 7th April,being a public holiday in the Traralgon shire, Sir Du Ve, clerk ot courts, will issue summonses on Wednesday nest, 6th April, for the court sittings at Traralgon on 13th April. HEXKV LCCAS was brought up before Mr Peterkin on Tuesday, charged with drunkenness in the public streets. He was fined 5s, or 24 hours imprisonment in default. The money was paid. WE AKE desired to state that Mr. H. Taylor lias received the necessary dispensation for the establishment of a new lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., in Traralgon, and that die opening will take placc at an earlydate. WE LEAKX that Sir F. G. Hickox, of the Traralgon Brickyards, has been successful in booking two large orders from Warragul, for the new Government buildings and the Bank of Australasia. Sir Hickox's bricks have gained such fame that wc understand he has been asked to start a yard at Warragul, but has refused. LAST WEEK a hut near Mr. Campbell's was broken open, in the absence of the owner, and about £23 stolen. The thief is supposed to be a kleptomaniac who is suspected of similar depredations on some timber-splitters in the Toongabhie ranges, but there is such a method in his madness, that the charges cannot be brought distinctly home to him. However be will perhaps overreach himself in the long run, and be caught in the act. THE NUMBER of cattle trucks loaded on all lines for this week's Slelbourne sales 157\. There were despatched from Sale, sis trucks for Pearson, Rowc, aud Co.,and one for R- Gibson and Co. ; from Slaffra, two for Dougharty, Son, and Parker, and one for Powers, Rutherford, and Co. ; from Rosedale, eight for Pearson, Rowe and Co., two for A. M'Lean and Co., and one for Dougharty, Son, and Parker ; from Flynn's Creek, one for Pearson, Rowe, and Co. ; from Traralgon, three for Powers, Rutherford, and Co., and one for R. Gibson and Co. ; from Heyfield, two for Peck and Co., and one for A. M'Lean and Co- ; from Cowwar, one for Peck and Co. ; from North Slirboo, one for Pearson, Rowc, and Co. There will not be any live stock conveyed on Easter Slonday, 11th April. Sheep and cattle will be carried on the following day, Tuesday, 12th April. THE MINISTER of Lands left Slelbourne on Slonday afternoon for Gippsland. Mr. Dow proposes to visit Port Albert, and to go from thence to Foster and Corner Inlet, on the Great Southern Railway. Hie special object of the trip is to inspect tbe timber reserve at Slount Fatigue, with die new of determining to what extent it might be thrown open for selection. There is said to tre a great demand for lahd in that locality, and some Of the land in the timl>er reserve is thought to be suitable for cultivation. Sir. Dow will afterwards travel along the route of the Great Southern Railway, and will visit the timber reserves there with the same object. He will meet the Railway Commissioners at Corner Inlet on Saturday next, and wiU return to Slelbourne on Slonday. THE POST-OFFICE and Telegraph depart ment has made thé usual arrangements for the Easier Holidays.* Good Friday, tril 8th, will be observed in all telegraph ices as a Sunday,and all post-offices will be dosed to the public. Mails usually despatched on Fridays will be made up the previous night and forwarded on the 8th at the appointed hours, but where there is more than one despatch to any place on a Friday, only the first mails will be transmitted. On Saturday, April 9th, and Tuesday, April 12tU, all post-offices and telegp-aph offices will be open to the public, and business transacted : as usual. Oil Monday, April llth, all post-offices will be closed at 10 a m. Only the first delivery by letter- will be received and despatched as usual Telegraph offices marked in the Poxtal and Telegraph Guide as"oi»en on holida~=" will be open as usual. Those not so mar! will be open from 8.30 to 10.a. m,and from6toi p.m. THE RAILWAY Commissioners, who left Melbourne on Thusday afternoon to travel over the route of die Great Southern railway, have notesperienced an altogether pleasurable jonrney. The party, consisting of Sir. Speight Mr. Greene, and Mr. Darbyshire, engineer of surveys, were driven on'Friday'from Dandenong over the route . of the line to Cranbourne. Slidway between these towns they were met by a deputation of the residents, who asked that the station to be erected to serve their district should be finished as soon as tbe bailding to be placed at Cranbourne shall have been completed. The commissioners replied that no doubt need be expressed m that respect, as no difficulty stood in the way of obtaining the materials for the structure. At Tooraadin the townseople urged the Commissioners to ask the ublic Works department to shorten tbe road leading from the township to the station yard. The reply was given by Sir. Speight that although the work did not especially concern the Railway department, the commissioners would have no objection to bringing the statements ofthedepul under the notiée of the Commissioner of Public Works. The party then proceeded to the junction of the Bass and Alsopp rivers, via Tobinyallock and Lang Lang East. At this point, however, the rivers were found to be in such a swollen condition,owing to the heavy rains experienced in the adjoining mountainons districts,that it became a question whether it would be wise fortitie party («.proceedfurther. Tomcsturs HAVK been proclaimed under the Land AA, 1884, at Gwrmandaic, in this parish of Willnng, and also at Fern bank m the parish of Xindoo. WE CSDKFTSTAXD that the old "Stockholm Tare" claim, Aberfeldy, owned by the Traralgon prospecting party, is being openedup, with fair encouragement,some xety good indications having been met with. ATTENTION IS directed to an advertisement on oar 4th page of Messrs Robinson and Co's agricultural machinery. This celebrated firm have appointed Mr J. S. J)S. Milligan as their local agent, who will be able to supply any fanner's requirements expeditiously andon the most advantageous terms. THE C company, V.M.R. will be drilled this week as follows :—Thursday, Sale and Slaffra, at 4.30 p.m., falling in at Bundalaguah at 4 p.m. ; Friday, Rosedale, at 6 p.m. ; Saturday, Traralgon, at 3 p.m. Captain Thomas and Lieutenant Crowe to drill their own detachments mounted in drill order. YESTEH»AY EVENIXC a singular accident happened to a young man who was riding into the town. He was foolishly carrying an open axe on bis shoulder, aud the horse suddenly shying, the swerve drove the blade ot" the ase into his back. A nasty gash was inflicted, and after it had been temporarily dressed at SI'Cauley's Hotel, the young* man went on by the evening train to have the wound attended to at the Gippsland Hospital. COCLO ANYTHING be done by our loeal Board of Adviec to get the Traralgon State school removed to a more central position. To the bulk of the children the present situation is most inconvenient, some have to travel long distances, and lie away from their homes from morning till night, whatever may be the condition of the weather. At all events the school might be removed from its present lob-sided position to nearer the centre population, and the disadvantages reduced hereby to a ehv or minimmn " THE GHOST !" has startled some timid minds during the past few nights, because a simpleton has been wandering about the Ticinity of the cattle yards with a dark lantern. The youngsters have magnified the individual into an awful monster with a bullock's head and other horrid proportions, while alarming tales have been going as to the sudden appearanees of tire ghostly visitant, which have probably about the same foundation as the rhyme of the Fakenharn Ghost. At the same time, if pranks are being played by soiue brainless individual, the police would do well to stop them. THE LOCAL members of the Mounted Rifles are being put through a pretty stiff course of drill to bring them to an etjuality with their older established comrades. On Tuesday afternoon they assembled on the Recreatiou Ground aud had tlieir first mounted exercise under the command of Sergt-Major Jeffreys. All tilings considered they acquitted themselves verywell, and bid fair in time to become a crack corps. Wc understand that a number of the volunteers will join the camp at Frankston at Eastertide. Slit. A. H. KEESIXG, of Traralgon, has donated a silver cup, valued at £5 5s, to be competed for by members of the Morwell club. The conditions under which the cup is given are that there shall be not less than 12 entries, 200, 400, and 500yards ranges, and the cup to be won three times betbre becoming the actual property of the successful competitor. Sir Keesingis to be commended for his endeavour to promote a spirit of rivalry amongst the members of the rifle club, and we think (says the Gazette) Ids example could be well followed by business people in the township. MATTERS IX connection with the proposed Temperance Hall were advanced another step last week, when the Rev J. G. Wilson submitted the plans for the building to the Committee, who adopted diem, subject to the approval of the Central Board of Health. At the same meeting a reply was received from the district secretary to the Itechabitc Order, asking for fuller information relati ve to the Committee's request for a loan, as the Lodge might possibly have funds to spare for that purpose, in a week or two. Sir. Kewish was appointed seretary. THE MOST prominent theme of public comment and speculation continues to be that of the Yarrain mail service. The tension of feeling was, however, considerably relieved on Friday morning, when the editor of the Journal received a telegram from Sir. Groom, M.L.A., stating that the Postmaster-General liad acceded to the request of Sir. Peterkin, and would send an officer of the Department over the rival routes to report thereon. Sir. Green was selected for the duty, and he traversed the Rosedale track on Saturday. On Slonday morning the gentleman arrived here, and was taken over the Traralgon road as far as Germandale, where the Yarram highway is struck, and from whencc the road from both Rosedale and Traralgon is one. Sir. Green returned in the evening, and went back to Melbourne to present his report, the purport and result of which are awaited with considerable anxiety and expectation. On Saturday, Sir. Neville and Sir. Gibson were in town, and saw Sir Hoyt, the contractor, who assured them that if an annual subsidy of £150 were granted by die Traralgon League for three years, a first-class service could be supplied. The deputation personally promised to subscribe £10 each, but as they could not speak for the League as a whole on such an important matter, Sir. Hoyt wired his offer to Mr. Peterkin. An impromptu meeting of the League was at once convened, and the matter discussed briefly, the result being that the subsidy was increased to £200 for the first year, but it was not thought wise to extend the gnaraniee beyond that period. The decision was made known to Sir. Hoyt, who will act as he considers best, after what he has seen of the generouss enterprise and pluck of the Traralgon tradespeople. A DEPUTATION" from Warragul waited on Sir. F. G. Hiekox, asking that gentleman new Post Office inthat town. Mr. Hickox objected on two grounds—first, that the deputation should have been introduced by the member for the district; and second, that to grant the boon asked for would be taking undue advantage of other towns, and creating jealousies, but he would give the matter serious consideration. At this point the speaker informed Sir. Hiekox that it was the intention of the Warragul public to grant him (Mr. Hiekox) 1000 per annum for life.—Sir Hiekox : Sir. Speaker and gentlemen, I have given the matter serious consideration, and think I can see my way to comply with your wishes.— (Speaker; A thousand a year!)—Sir. Hiekox : In feet, gentlemen, I am so much impressed with the importance of Warragul, that I consider it my duty to assist in the development of that town.— (Speaker : A thousand——) Sir. Hiekox : Yes, gentlemen, a thousand or two, of brides, are neither here nor there, when we consider the uses they are to be put to.—(Speaker : A thou ) Sir. Hiekox : A thousand thousand tongues shall àng Your praises to the skies. Admiring aU your public works. As brick by brick they rise;— Go, tell your friends at Wapagul I've granted them die boon, And soon wiU send than bricks enough The deputation then thanked Mr. Hiekox, and withdrew, highly de3ighted with their success. When the result became known at Warragulj great" rejoicing took . place, and an agricultural show was held to celebrate the important event.—{ADVT.] Public meeting to appoint trustees of Glengarry Mechanics' Institute on Saturday at 6 p.m. An adjourned meeting re the establishment of a cheese factory at Glengarry takes place on Saturday night. The annual meeting of the members of the Traralgon Agricultural Society is fixed for Monday afternoon next- The committee of the Mechanics' Institute accept alternathe tenders for their new building next Monday. Sir Julian Thomas, " The Vagabond," visits Traralgon next Monday evening, and delivers some of his interesting rcuiîniâ-* cencas, under the tide of " Couvic-ts and Cannibals."' We have previously heard the lecture, and can promise our readers a literary treat, spicey with humour and anecdote. Messrs A. M'Lean and Co will seil stock at Slaffra and Warragul on the 1st pros., on the same date booths for Maffra race, meeting, and on die 4th cattle at Traralgon. Messrs Peck, Hudson, and Raynor announce sale of land at Yarram, and important clearing sale at Traralgon to -day, catde at Slaffra on 1st proximo, Sale on 2nd, and Traralgon on 4th. Stratford, Stretde, and Co conduct largo clearing s;ile at Toongabbie for Mr Slater on the 1st prox. 