MISCELLANEOUS. A case of smallpox has again broken out in Sydney. A body of a man, name unknown, has been found in the scrub neat Euditnda. For the latest week's run at the Broken Hill the result was 68,266 oz. of silver. The Jubilee celebration at Jamestown on Thursday was a great success, the procession numbering over 1,200 adults and children. A large fire has occurred in Blenheim, New Zealand, tbe total loss being estimated at £50,000. Lady Carrington has sent a cheque for £3 to M. Bissell, of Lithgow, who recently gave birth to triplets. Mr. J. J. B'i!».ir has resigned his position as a mem'x-r of the Boojoolee School Board of A -l \ icp. The Swedish elections hnve resulted in the return of 139 freetraders and 82 pro tectioniflf. A farm in Orkney, for which £2,500 was paid seven years apo, was sold at Kirkwall not long ago for £1,250. Another war correspondent (Mr. Phil Robinson) has arrived in Australia. He will delirer lectures in the .principal towns. There &ro; nearly twice as many births annually in Germany as in France. In other words, when 100 children are bora in the latter country, 184 axe born in the former. With reference to the Crndock *' ghost' tbe police authorities have withdrawn the information against the Hamsdorf family for imposition. The Register has received a sample of African bearded wheat from Mr. C. F. Pyman, of Wandearah West. It is fully 30 inches in height, and is just coming jnto ear. The Terowie paper, writing on tbe oilver ton railway time-table, says: — 'What Millar Bros, did with one train a day the Government perform in the most slip- shod fashion with two trains.' The ditectors of the Bank of England were recently asked to express their views in writing upon bi-metallism. One of them wrote as follows : — ' God has made two precious metals, ao I do not see why we should not use both.' The following paragraph from an Ame rican contemporary indicates what the Socialists will do as soon as they get the upper hand :?—' The Chicago Socialist who said that if Roche was elected ' we will carry the fire, the bullet, and the halter to the doors of the palaces erected by plunder/ is an humble applicant for a humble position under the new administra tion.' The new Liberal party of the German Reichstag is, says a Berlin correspondent, abo it to form an Anti Corn-Law League, with tbe object of organising meetings and dietributing pamphlets, so as to provoke a great agitation throughout the country against the raising of the corn duty by the Government. . The league will publish a newspaper of its own to support its prin ciples. The latest ' lions' of Paris are nine negro chiefs with unpronouncable names. They have been brought from the African coast by an enterprising contractor. The object is to show them the sights of the French capital, and then to get them to sign an agreement with M. de Lesaepa to engage their tribes to work on the Panama Canal. They are all horribly tattooed, and wear ivory bracelets. They speak English. Her Majesty is to get some splendid and valuable presents from India. Holksr's Jubilee gifts are of truly Eastern magni ficence, and the Rao of Catch ie bringing an immense casket of solid gold, all carved and chased by the famous Cutchee art work men. The presents from the Nizam of Hyderabad are brought to England by his brother-in-law, who represents him at the Jubilee fetes. In South Russia hemp is regarded as a preventative of phylloxera. It is sufficient to plant the hemp round tbe vineyard, and place it near the infected vines. The in sects are attracted by tbe strong odor of the hemn. the roots of which Drove poisonous to them. The following experiment will show the efficiency of this menns: Plant in the same barrel an infected vine and a hemp plant. In a few days the vine begins to revive; and, if you will pull the hemp carefully out, you will find its roots covered with phylloxera. One of the attorneys for Banmm eaid on April 25 that tbe terms of agreement on which his client withdrew liis suit for $100,000 against the Grand Trunk Rail way for the lose of the elephant Jumbo were private. From another enurce it was learned, however, that the Grand Trunk people had agreed to pay $5,000 ia caeh to Mr. Barnum's firm and haul tha circus, 8 J cars, over its rails free during the coming season. This is virtually a settlement for about $10,000, as Barnum's expenses on the same railway last year were about $4,800.— New York Herald. Correct measurements (says an exchange) of the course of meteors are rarely obtain able, but Mr. Denning, of the Meteoric Section of the Liverpool Astronomical Society, was enabled lately to announce that simultaneous observations of a meteor had been obtained, from which it appeared that Mr. Monck, of Dublin, bad first seen it at a height of 56 miles, that Mr. Backhouse had noticed it directly afterwards when it was 49 miles high, and from thence it descended to an elevation of 28 miles between Car narvon and Dublin. The whole of the visible path was 33 miles, and the velocity was slightly more than 22 miles per second. That was a terrible tragedy at Redhill the other day, committed by one who was once a Gawler boy. Steady and industrious, too, it appears that he was. There was no plea of drink, nor yet of sudden passion. He has, however, gone to his account, and there let him rest. Hie father was an old resi dent of Gawler, and was a private in the company of which Mr. Barnet was sergeant. On one occasion when they were engaged in a mock fight at the Port the father met with an accident. It appears that there was a moment of rest, and Hollis stood resting with his little finger on the muzzle of his gun. Suddenly, from some unexplained cause, the piece exploded, and carried off his little finger, scattering some of the blood about tbe ear of Sergeant Barnet, who can say he has not only emelt powder, but has been in a bloody engagement. — Bunyip. ihe lukon is one of the great rivers of the globe, its course, from its head in Canada to its embouchure in Behring Sea, being about 2,000 miles. It has never been thoroughly explored, however, and the task is now about to be taken in hand by the Canadian Government. There has recently been a rush on a email scale to the locale of some discoveries of gold near its source, and this has awakened a desire for definite in formation as to the country through which it flows. An expedition for the purpose has been organised, and this will start immediately from Victoria, British Colum bia. The exploration will first be directed to the portion of the river which lies within British territory, but this is the greater part of its length. The lower reaches of the river [ha\e already been surveyed by Lieu tenant Schwalk for the United States Government. — Leader. One of the industries along the Shannon River, in Ireland, is the capture and cultiva tion of ee's. The taking of 40,000 in a single night sometimes occurred years ago ; but the present product is much less, owing to the draining of tbe country and other influences. At Castle Connell are five im mense tanks, in which the eels are kept alive, and allowed to grow, tbe dead and weak ones being dipped out every morning by means of large landing nets, and sold to poor people. It is during this fishing process that the inmates of the tanks are seen to the best advantage, for every fin and tail are in motion, swimming upward and downward in one vast Hving mass. Eels of nil ages, sizes, and degress are there. Thou sands are there also in the tank, varying in weight from 2 oz. to 12 Ib. These latter are the well-flavored juicy fellows that are converted into the delicious *' collared ejl' for which Killaloe is eo justly famous. The Government has received more encouraging information from theKimberley gold-fields. The newly-discovered reefs exceed all expectations. Twelve reefs are registered, and more will be registered when machinery arrives. The population of the field numbers 500, all of whom are making a livlibood. Tho field is becoming more extended every week. From the Panton Hirer workings to Mount Dockrell workings the distance is 100 miles, and there are many intermediate workings. There is apparently an unlimited extent of auriferous country, and the prospects are good. Jackson's reef has been struck in several places, and the whole line of reef, to a distance of a mile end a half, is now taken up ; and specimens, surpassing any thing yet found on the field, have been discovered at Mount Dockrell, and reefs have been found at Panton River, with payable alluvial in the immediate vicinity. The 30-oz. nugget was found eight or nine miles south-west of Mount Coghlan. — Leader. Says the Sydney Tovm and Country: — The South Australian Orengegrowera' Asso ciation has been debating the propriety of shutting New South Wales oranges out of the South Australian market, on account of some of the fruit being infected with the circular orange scale. Owing to a short orange crop and the expectation of a multi tude of visitors at exhibition time, the meet ing decided in favor of the introduction of the fruit. The association did not, how ever, forget the fact that this colony last season shut out Adelaide grapes on the flimsy pretext of phylloxera, when it was well known that no phylloxera existed in South Australia. Fruitgrowers and fruit packers have been frequently warned in these columns of the great folly of export ing scaly fruit. No matter how good the fruit my be in quality, it is a most suicidal action to send it out of the country covered with scales. Insect pests in the orchards of all the colonies are unfortunately so nu merous now that it is ridiculous for one or the other of them to say that it is clear of them. A good cleansing law and a law generally regulr.ting the export and import of fruit are what we require.' There has been a mild excitement in the town this week (says the Moonta paper) in consequence of what is alleged to have been a most unprovoked assault last Saturday morning on Mr. William Martin, our local hairdresser. From what we have heard, this young man, with others, was at the Salvation Army Barracks on Friday, the day of the three weddings, when there was consequently considerable excitement of one kind or another. One of the prominent soldiers known as 'Peter,' wishing to keep order, tried to bounce a number of young fellows who were there, but not succeeding in this he told Martin be would see him next day. Tbe next morning, about 8 o'clock, as Martin was on the road from his father's bouse to his place of business, Peter, tbe Salvationi-t, overtook him, and in any thing but the spirit of meekness, approached his erring brother. Peter evidently thinks it is a soldier's duty to fight, and fight he must. Seemingly he has not yet been taught that his weapons should not be carnal but spiritual. Peter had zeal, and in his zeal he thought muscular Christianity was a grand thing, and -efore his friend of the previous night knew where he was Peter's fists were in his face, and he fell on the metal road. When down our heroic eoldier insisted on a most abject apology, which, our informant says, was given. The Adelaide correspondent of the Kapunda journal tells the following story : — Friend Jenkins,. member of the Assembly for tbe District of Sturt, is one of the most humorous men I have met, and since be has been in tbe fullest sense a public man he has carefully reserved the displays of his wit for suitable occasions. A very suitable oc casion was last Saturday night after the great triumph of Mr. A. M. Simpson in the Legislative Council election. Mr. Simpson is a tin man — that is to say, be is at the head of a big firm which manufactures all kinds of tinware. His Committee met on Saturday night as soon as the result of the polling had been announced, and eaid many congratulatory things to Mr. Simpson. A happy thought smote Mr. Jenkins — *' I ask you, gentlemen.' said he, 'to drink the health of the Honorable A. M. Simpson, and to drink it in tin pannicans which are alone of colonial industry and the work of our honorable friend. Ay, and as soon as you have drunk it— as soon as your panni cans have been drained — you may keep them as a memento of the day's work.' Need I add that tbe toast was most enthusiastically honored, or that the proposer immediately pocketed bis pannican, and was followed by others, each of whom took away a little tin dipper of Mr. Simpson's own make ? The Yorketown correspondent of the Moonta paper writes : — ' We have a splen did specimen of the Yankee * bad boy' in our district, who, if he continues as he has commenced, will no doubt have an event ful career. Though only about 10 years of asre be ought now to be able to write a fairly-sized book of adventures. The first episode chronicled was tbe theft of a gun, which, when be bad done with it, be smashed on some rocks. On being informed the police were after him he took a cart ridge to a friend of his requesting him to put it in a gun and shoot him (the boy), as he ' would not be taken alive.' He, how ever, was taken and punished, but that did not seem much check to him. The next game is to steal a boat, forcing a boy younger than himself by threats and blows to accompany him, and then putting off to sea. On a man giving chase and overhaul ing him he informs the man he would have put the oar through him had he known he was after him. Next he gets his younger sister and throws her into the sea, watches her for some time, and when she is nearly drowned jumps in and rescues her. Now comes another feat, where he collars two horses and starts for Teetulpa. On getting thrown from bis horse he steals a tin of jtm from somewhere and smothers tbe saddle with it to make him stick on, as he after wards eaid. He is sent to a school, a dis tance of about four miles, and his first trick there is to take the teacher's horse and ride him home. A good-natured friend, think ing to do him good by removing him from home, took him into his employ, and re moved him about 30 miles away to look after some horses. After some more tricks there, which brought him into trouble, his last was to take one of his employer's horses and gallop him off towards his own home. After getting about 20 miles on his journey he rushed him into a log fence, a portion of which entered the poor brute's chest, making a frightful wound, and stripping a piece of skin seven inches by eleven. The owner of the horse wishes to have the boy arrested for horse-stealing, but is informed that the evidence would not be sufficient to convict on that charge. His only course is to sue f«ir damages and for unlawfully using. This will in tbe first place cost him los for tbe information, &c;, which he stands no show of getting back, as the boy's father is in poot circumstances. He must therefore grin and bear it. ' 