A A1INEIi'S YAR?N. A?'iae gets some queer ideas in his head 'when he's out all alone in the mountains, said John Sanderson, an old prospector who had his head.quarters at El Paso, but who makes several incursions into the mining districts every ycar. Half of them, he con. tinued, believed in ghosts, nine out of toel in signs, and about all of them in luck. My own experience has changed my views in a good many particulars, and, for one thing, it has made me a firm believer in special providences. It didn't come about gradually, but through as marvellous an oscnpo from a awful death as, I believe, ever falls to men. It happened up in the Mimbres mountains four years ago this summer. The Mimbres lie in Now Mexico, down below old Fort Tleo Rosa, and they must be full of gold somewhere, because the beds of the creeks that find their way down the sides are so rich in placer diggings that you can't pull up a sago bush around there without seeing bright specks among the roots. I had a pot theory then that if you followed the creeks up high enough and looked close enough you would find a tremendous deposit of gold in decomposed quartz. I thought, you see, that a little of it had washed off the surfaoe ij the course of time and formed those placers. What I wanted to find was the mother gold. I talked the thing up to Charley Burke, another prospector and friend of mine, until he agreed to put np,lhalf the outfit and join me in the search. We got a couple of burros, the necessary tools, and started early in the spring. The country about the Mimbres is about as wild and desolate as any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt a man to attempt. It was one succession of gorges, gulches, and acclivities, all strewn with granite boulders from the size of a man's hand to a four-story block, and often we were obliged to leave the water course we were following and make detours that took days at a time. The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently looking for placers. We 'found no very rich-ones, but everywhere there was gold. Sometimes there would be lots of it in the bottom of the tin cup after we had taken a drink, and sometimes-here is a curious thing-it would be floating on the surface. I will let some who is better posted in science than I tell why gold now and then floats, but I only know that little flakes of it do, and a' lot of it is lost in sluice-mining that way. As long as we found placers we knew that the main deposit was ahead, so we pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last we came to a spot where the sand was barren for several days' journey, and then we began to prospect the country all around. To make a long story short, we struck a ledge one morning with outeroppings that crumbled under my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellow threads. " Charlie," I yelled out, all afire at once, "we have struck it." But before we sunk a shaft we found something else that sent our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a notification according to law on one of the posts, that Peter Sumner and Joseph Klautzy had taken possession of the Big Six and done the legal assessment work. I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft and came back to tell me that it didn't cover half the amount neces sary, under the law, to hold the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure enough, it was only down about half the required distance, so we took possession of the property, changed its name to The Treasury, and went to work, We built ourselves a rough shanty, rigged up a windlass, and began to sink. In a few days we were in a formation rich enough to make a man's head swim, and getting better as we went down. We were both so excited that we begrudged the time to sleep and eat, and we neither of us meditated for an instant giving the claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assessment work. What had become of the two men was a mystery. They had loft no trace except the notification-board and shaft, and it gave me the creeps now and then to think that they might be dead. But we were not in a frame of mind to lot sentiment interfeoi with busi ness. I suppose we had been there for a couple of weeks when provisions began to 'run short. We didn't want to both leave the claim at once, so it was finally arranged that Charlie should go down to the creok to ncamp about fifty miles away anl bring a supplj': He took both burros and started off. I calculated it would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy on my hands. I tried to work a little on the shaft. The formation was very hard, and we had rigged up a sort of cross-bar ladder. I would go down this, fill the bucket, climb to the surface and pull it up. At about noon of the second day after he left I was startled at what I thought was a man crossing a little gulch half-a-mile away. I only had a view of it between two rooks, and whatever it was it passed so quickly that I was not sure. However, I waited for a couple of hours, and then seeo ing nothing further, concluded I was mistaken, and I went down into the shaft. I filled the bucket with very heavy ore, climbed up, and had it about half-way raised when a man camue walking up the creek-bed towards me. Then 1 know that I was right before. He was an ugly-looking customer, big and brawny, with a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester on his arm. I had a little stick that I slipped on to the windlass handle near the axle to keep it from turning backward, and, leaving the bucket just where it was, I started toward the cabin to get may arms. He covered me with his repeating rifle, and ordered me to halt. " What are you doing on my claim? " he said. "I reckon you can see," I replied, put ting as good a face on it as I possibly could. "You mean you've jumped it, you cursed t~hief?" S"No, I don't. There wasn't enough w:ork on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody's." :"You lie." SHe looked at me over the sights with his :wicked greenish oyos for fuill a minute. Then he said: 2i:"' Did you ever 'pray ?"' " Yes," I faltered. "Then pray now. I'll give you two minutes to do it." " By that time my mind was clear enough to take in the whole situation, and I had no doubt but he intended to murder me then and there. With me out of the way, there would be no one to testify to the insufficient work, and I would simply be regarded, if the story of my death was over told, as a claim.jumper who had. been justly dealt with. I felt my knees begin to tremble and tried another tack. "If you kill me," I said, ".my: partner will be back and see that you hang for it." "I'll fix your partner in the same way, you claim- jumping ocur." True enough. Nothing would be easier than to assassinate Burke on his return, and we had so jealously guarded the secret of our trip that no one would know where to look for us. We would simply disappear, as hundreds of prospectors do, never to be seen by men again, and speedily to be forgotten. I had no hope of mercy from the instant I looked into the cruel man's face. I felt with a sickening qualm and a wild drumming in my ears that my time had come. "Oh,. for heaven's sake, don't murder me," I cried, "I will go." The man made no reply. For a moment my head swam, and then, with a sudden return of vision that was excruciating in its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest the gun-barrel over the windlass handle, and marked even that slight contraction of the eyelid that always just precedes a shot. The next instant there was a crash, an explosion, a cry all:mingled into one. I saw the man turning head over heels down the embank ment, the Winchester flying through a cloud of smoke up into the air, and all the while heard a loud, monotonous whirring noise that was like some gigantic clock running down. 1 did not realiso it at the time, but this is what had happened : When he, rested his gun across the windlass he dropped the barrel across the little stick I had thrust in to prevent it tumbling, and knocked it out. I suppose the bucket of ore weighed 1501b., and the great iron handle swinging clear around, gained such terrific momentum that when it struck him fair in the face, which it did, it lifted him off his feet like a cannon ball. The gun was' discharged by the shook, but the bullet went nowhero near me. Before I regained: my senses I heard the bucket strike the bottom, with a smash. When'I picked up the man he was un conscious, but moaning a little, and the blood trickling out' of his ears. His gun was broken.. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, and after Charley got back we managed to get him to Silver City. There the dootors put his face in a sort of plaster of Paris cast, but, although the wound healed, lie was out of his head, and eventu ally died. The night before he passed away lie motioned for a little slate he used to write on; for lie couldn't speak. He was very weak, and it took him a long time, but at last ho scrawled': " Who hit me ?"? Before they could tell him he fainted away.' The mine ? 'Oh, the mine pinched out after awhile and disappointed us. I sold my interest to Burke, and, I think, after working itfor a year, he gave up in disgust and moved away.-Mexican Paper. 