OUR MBS. MUCKLETON AT THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION. In spite of lfth Brickdust Alley, Perth, liar in g been plunged into the extreme depths of chaos last week, in consequence of the sudden disappearance of (lie dear old soul, who, according to the police reports, had joined the Bushrangers and had thereby forever outlawed herself—we are glad to say that the usual calm was now in a measure restored. The report of the special reporter of the police force had proved to be erroneous. Instead of the poor old lady having developed any bushranging tendencies, it appears, according to her own version, that when she had been overpowered by the two shots, which carried away her dress improver and her heirloom ornament on the top of her bonnet, and which had compelled her without warning to subside rapidly and silently into the miry ditch, her animal courage left her, and she experienced but one great desire —that was to get home. And she got home ! How ? is still a mystery. Dan'l, Barrabas and Ichabod were sitting up by the empty firegrate, endeavouring to extract as much comfort as possible from the bricks, of that article of furniture which had not received the tender touch of the hand of the housewife for over a day and a half—when Mrs. M. entered. The scene which ensued is almost past discription. Fully impressed with the idea that the substantial but damp person of his better half, w T as but a ghost Dan'l gave a yell, which would have done credit to a 16-ft. stop of an organ, and making a dive for the door missed his footing and shot Jiead foremost down the coal- cellar, landing on that portion of his head which had long since been denuded of all hair, and which bore the scar of many a wordy conflict. Barrabas the Innocent and Ichabod the Faithful being also imbued with the idea, that the supernatural was wandering about in a most unwholesome manner, parted with all presence of mind and after smashing all the ornaments in the room, including the bust of Gcorgius Leakicuss the Great Impartialius, in their endeavours to gain a means of exit, finally managed to place themselves in the vacuum of an old kerosene tin in such a manner that they were in immediate danger of being smothered. But a word from the female boss of the house was enough—one word and that was " Fools"— was sufficient to convince the sorrowing members of the Muckleton family that instead of an 1111- stantial member of the etherial tribe being a visitant at their abode of bliss, it was a more unwelcome visitor, viz., Mrs. M. in person. So much for the grief of our sorrowing relations. Dan'l with an obscure idea of making things in general, peaceful—appeared with a scared face outlined in strong relief with coaldust, whilst Barrabas and Ichabod executed a series of squalls from the kerosene tin which would have done credit to the Perth Musical Union when practising the " Messiah." It is almost unnecessary to linger over the liarrasing details which took place during the remainder of the evening—suffice to say that Dan'l in a hopeless state of sublime indifference to things in general and the world at large, retired to his virtuous hen-coop at an early hour, whilst Ichabod adjourned to the shingles to discuss the matter quietly with a few friends, leaving Barrabas to esconce himself under the grate for the remainder of the night. The 21st November is, as everybody knows, an eventful day in the history of Municipal Bodies— and even the usually, placid temperaments of the Ratepayers of ] fthe Brickdust Alley, Perth, were proportionately disturbed Waking up with a, Headache, the equal of which could only have been enjoyed by Julius Caesar after the Nornian Conquest in 189 B.C. (which literally translated means Brandy and C-oda), lie suddenly reiiiembered that it." Was-h the timesh for the re-election-sh of woter-sh." Grasping the importance of the occasion, alnd realizing the great influence it would have upon the destinies of Western Australia, if the votes of the Muckletons of that ilk, were given with due discretion. The dear old soul made up her mind and rolled out of bed at the same time, thereby distributing all Dan'l's hopes of another halfhour's quiet. There , was no time for breakfast. The supreme moment had come when the voice of the powerful should be heard throughout the land. Dan'l was dressed in his best and the family overcoat waved about as gracefully as ever, displaying in all its glory the red patch which decorated that portion of his trousers which had attracted the ire of the prize bull at Guildford Show, and had caused him so much pain and inconvenience. Barrabas the Iimocent and Ichabod the Faithful were also in gala costume and high spirits, whilst the dear old soul was as usual in all the colours of the rainbow and a perfect twitter of excitement. A sudden knock at the door fairly electrified the household, and it was only when Dan'l's nervous organization had regained its usual state by means of a little stimulant that Mrs. M. could persuade him to open the door. A most imposing array was present. Busses from all parts of the town decorated with placards bearing the ominous signs—"Vote for Shenton"; " Vote for Elsegood"; "Plump for " Traylen," &c.;, &c.; In the flurry of the moment the dear old soul, whose heart was given to the great George, entered the vehicle which for the day was devoted to the interests of the representative of cold water, and it was not until she was being hoisted out with the assistance of half a dozen able bodied mechanics, who were standing by, and her arm was taken by a fascinating canvasser who was at hand to conduct her to the voting screen, that she found out her mistake. What followed has never been actually chronicled, but the next thing seen of the old lady was a confused mass of clothing flying down the street whilst a voice like a decayed fog horn w r as heard calling out " Dan'l." Dan'l, after losing his better half, adjourned to the nearest public house to console himself with the nourishment which can be obtained from 3d. of malt, and after consuming the same, became impressed with the idea that it was actually necessary he should deposit his vote for Duffield in the nearest pillar box. This feat he accomplished in a manner highly satisfactory to himself and the boys who were standing by, and it was only when he looked round with a benign smile of love for all, that he beheld Mrs. M. coming upon him like an express cyclone. The change that came over his face was a sight to see but once, and be remembered for ever. Barrabas and Ichabod who, according to all the traditions of their creed, had kept faithfully close to the heels of the respected but inebriated Dan'l, twigging that the atmosphere was assuming a sultry aspect, left in a hurry and went to have a talk with Mr. Letch about the high rates of the " Parcel Express. '' When Mrs. M., after striking Dan'l affectionately with lier Sara Gamp parasol, learned the cause of the unusual disturbance round the Pillar Box in Hay Street, she at once took prompt measures to extract the vote, from the vacuum of the aforesaid official residence of correspondence, with a bent wire which she extracted from that mysterious arrangement which so vastly improved her figure. But unfortunately these proceedings did not meet with the views of the members of the metropolitan police who were standing by, and with a slight exchange of compliments and a moderate use of physical force, Mrs. M. and Dan'l together with the rest of the family were removed to the lock up, where they were enabled to discuss the matter quietly with Inspector Laurence. If it had not been for the intercession of a deputation of councillors headed by Mr. Shenton, who went and explained the matter to Mr. Gahan and thereby obtained a special dispensation from the Postal and/ Police authorities—the residents I of l£ths Bricktyust Alley would have in all proba- bility shared the same fate as Hughes, Jarvis and Thomson. All was right for a time. Mrs. M. voted for Traylen, Dan'l voted for Shenton, and Barrabas and Ichabod got kicked out. And the City Corporation survived once more ! ! ! ! What happened afterwards is not known, but it is supposed excessive excitement and was the cause of it. J * ^ * # # # # At twelve thirty p.m, the Metropolitan Fire Brigade were called to put out the flames of the Muckleton residence. One a.m. was the hour of a fearful calamity. Dan'l was last seen about thirty feet from the ground, being supported by the volume of water which issued from the water hose, whilst the poor dear old soul was observed to throw herself from the window in the disabille of an old petticoat and a fail before her face. Then all is blank 