BOGUS, BLATANT, BRUIMMIAGE BIOGRAPHY. Tian current issue of the Sydney Quar terloy Magazin contains a portrait and "life" of the Hon. Sir HENRY PARIKs, K.O.M.G. The portrait, *by Messrs. TURNER and HEnDERSON, the pub lishers, from a photograph by HEI-ny KTrG, is the best we have seen of the subject;' and the lotterpress is by "LH.W.H.H.," whose identity is no secret. The man with the alphabetical name does not begin as biographers generallydo. "JoHN S.urrT was born in Whitechapelin 1854, of poor, but very dishonest parents"-but launches out into rhapsody. Ho leaps into the ring with this bound :-''"Among the promi nent men who have done honour to their country and became entitled to its admiration by promoting its social, moral, and political advancement, Sir HENRY 1'AIKES stands unsur passed, if not unequalled. His career affords a lesson highly instructive and encouraging to young and old. His life has been remarkable for the con tentions in which he has been involved by his enthusiasm for political con cerns, unrestrained by prudential con siderations or sordid motives which usually guide the conduct of those who aspire to reputation, and who are aware of the danger of relying solely upon political integrity." Now this is very rough. Are we to understand that H. W. H. H. means us to believe that his political Jeremy Diddler is "unrestrained by prudential con siderations "-whatever that may be or is unaware of, or oblivious to the danger of relying solely upon " political integrity ?" Surely, from the start, he does not mean to ask us to believe that the Premier does not know his little way about ! Then the biographist gets on with the parentage and inevitable penury business-his early struggles-how he gct his edj cation reading philosophical treatises while poking up fires and tturiug the wheels of lathes, &c.; &c.; The story rarely varies. One anecdote of Master PAKIEis "we have not come across before, and we thank the gentle H. W. H. H., as PonTIA did the Jew, for the suggestion. Hero is the anecdote:-" In 1840 he occupied a post in the Custom House, Sydney, when, observing that some of the Custom House officials made too free with the packages, and witnessing an excessive quantity of wine drawn off, he exposed the trans actions in a lettei in the columns of .Dunean's l'Teekly Register of Politics, Fact, and General Literature. The pub lication of this missive created a sen sation in the department, and Mr. W. A. DuxcAN, the editor of the journal (and strange to. say subsequently a Collector of Customs), gave up the name of the writer, who was sus pended for three months for not re porting the matter officially. He was told if he made a formal charge he might be restored to duty, but he declined to do so, and resigned before the period of his suspension had ter minated." Oh! how like PAThcs! The boy is father to the man, and young Mfr. PAnRES, after exposing the " excessive quantity of wine drawn off," and other misdoings, and getting a lot of people into trouble, " declined to make a formal charge, and be reinstated to duty," but re signed before he could be sacked. This is grand. H., etc., is the very BosrWELL of biographers, and has un consciously hit the key-note of his pet's character. The biographer gives a, we presume, fairly correct account of PAucKES' various political actions; the elections he has won, and offices he has held. As early as 1855 Mr. PAltrKs, it seems, declared he would not seek re-election, but was "in duced td stand "-the same old game 20 years ago, we see. The many good deeds of the great man are given with an unction that smacks of the con venticle; they are all noble, unsur passed meritorious, magnificent. His services to the working men, in the cause of education and immigration, etc., are told with great minuteness, and, doubless, fidelity. As to Sir HxE~Y's private life, with a sublimity of biographical impudence we are told, "His virtues and qualifications are embalmed in the memories of his friends, while his foibles and asperi ties are too often raked up by his enemies." But then the gentleman of the three aitches and the double-you explains " perhaps his reputation may bias our partiality," which, if partiality can be " biassed," is a neatly- turned phrase. He is " the great pillar and ornament of constitu tional government," a fact we are glad to learn, and also " a man of warm but few attachments." Some of his friends have found his attachmont rather too warm at times--"sultry," in fact. We are told, " in his own own words,"-perhaps by his own pen -that " he has never belonged to any society, political or religious ; he never belonged to any organisation of any kind that could assist him in political life." No-true enough, because like the Sham Abraham sailor, all through his political life he has been in every-. body's mess and nobody's watch ; but has used every political and religious society and organisation, green, yellow, blue, or any colour, as tools-the whole of them in turn. Finally H.W.H.H. winds up with this burst of bathos, which should inevitably bring its due reward, a O.P.S.-ship, or even the first Chief_Justiceship, which has been solemnly promised to somebody else.:-"-The light he has shed upon the science of political economy may be compared, either for difficulty or im portance, with those which have given renown to the very greatest names in the history of political science-in a word, he is the most illustrious man Australia has produced." Not a word of the ghosts of BUvTLE or O'FALnrLL, or -of Kiama-of the Esmpire insol vency, with its preliminary appeal to "warmly attached friends." Nothing but honey and butter for this " most illustrious Australian." 