An anti-Chinese conference was held on Monday at the Trades’ Hall, Mel bourne, the members showing an equal representation of the Australian natives, amalgamated miners, the Trades’ Hall Council, and the Chel tenham market gardeners. The object of the conference was s.tated to be the consideration of the best means of checking the influx of Chinese into the colony. At an early stage of the pro ceedings, Mr W. Trenwitii, of the Trades’ Hall Council, moved that im mediate legislative action should be taken to prevent any further influx of Chinamen. Mr Peacock (A.N. A.) sub mitted an amendment in favor of a Royal Commission to enquire into the whole subject. The amendment was objected to on the score that it meant more delay, and that in the meantime the colony would be flooded with Chinese, and the original motion was carried nem con. This preference of a bald expression of opinion over a definite substantive motion is, in our opinion, a mistake. The declaration of the conference that Chinese immi gration is a nuisance and ought to be stopped, will be endorsed, no doubt, by thousands of people in Victoria, but without some definite action is likely to' remain without any practical effect upon the legislation of the colony. Had the conference gone straight for a Royal Commission their action would have had all the weight which must attacli to an unquestionabty fair and capable method of enquiry into an alleged national grievance. And in all likelihood the shortest as well as the surest way to the settlement of the Chinese question lies through an im partial enquiry into its merits by a Commission whose report would com mand the attention of the Legislature. The outcry against Chinese has existed for a quarter of a century at least, and, even where it has assumed a violent and aggressive form its results have been next to nothing as checks to Chinese immigration. The appointment of aCommission could hardly be refused, and most likely would not be even ob jected to, and we might expect that such a body would furnish definite materials upon which to found repressive legisla tion, or else report that such measures were unnecessary or inadvisable. The carrying of the resolution led to the retirement of the representatives of the A.N.A., their only instructions being to vote for a Royal Commission. Mr Spence remained as representing the Shearers’ Hnion, and at the subse quent sitting motions were carried in favor of raising the poll-tax to £lOO, of stopping the issue of naturalisation papers and making a more rigid exami nation of any to be hereafter pre sented, of imposing an annual tax of £lO on every Chinaman, of providing more strict supervision, by the health officers, of Chinese camps, aud of apply ing the provisions of the Workshops and Factories Act to the Chinese. These resolutions are to be presented to the Premier this morning, aud will of course be courteously received, and the usual promise made to give the proposals the consideration of the Go vernment. With the extra supervision on the part of the Board of Health, and with the application of the Factories Act to Chinese industries, we think everyone will thoroughly agree. When China men live in foul dens, and openly prac tise degrading vices, they do just what in some of the overcrowded cities the poverty-stricken and vice-weakeued Europeans do, and in either case it is merely a sign that social order and decency is not enforced by a strong enough hand. Chinese camps such as may he found loot a hundred miles away, are clearly in contempt of ordi nary municipal law* and it is nonsense to pretend that our municipalities and boards of health are not able to reduce a handful of Chinese to the outward, observance of decency and order. As. to raising the poll-tax to £lOO, and following it up with an annual tax _ of £lO, members of the conference might have known that either device is prac tically impossible. Mr Stapleton, who had previously reminded the con ference that the Anti-Chinese feeling was most active in Melbourne and its suburbs, and that owing to the protec tion given by the laws, and the great depth at which mining was now being conducted, the Chinese were gradually withdrawing from the goldfields, opposed the above proposition in the opinion that' “ The freedom of nations would prevent its being adopted. From bis own knowledge many of the Chinese w r ould be unable to pay the amount. As it was several of them were living on the verge of starvation, and -if they were taxed in all directions the taxes would in many instances come to more than they could possibly earn. The Chinese to a great extent were living on a bare pittance, and the question was, had the people the right to say ‘ If you don’t pay the tax we shall deport you back to China. 5 He did not think that they had the right. It was all very well to say that they would place them under restriction, but that would not answer, as the Chinese had no objection to going to gaol in the winter time, and they would thus become a charge on the ratepayers. Above all the danger would arise on the subject of prison labor competing with free labor, and that question was already becom ing a serious question in this colony,” Mr Stapleton takes a very practical view of the question, and his remarks strengthen our own conviction that the Chinese question can only be satisfac torily dealt with by concerted action on the part of all the Australian colonies. A" joint Royal Commission, which represented every member of the group might state its conclusions with an authority that the Imperial Government could not but acknow ledge, and although such a process of settlement might be somewhat slow, it would be sure. The Chinese question adds one more to the list of subjects which strongly suggest federal action on the part of all the Australasian dependencies of Great Britain. TnE movers and seconders of the reso lutions at the meeting in the Alfred Hall on Monday may be complimented on having placed the issue fairly and forcibly before their audience. A good point was made by Cr Little in show ing that in a neighboring colony the cost of railway material manufactured by the Government was much greater, and in some important cases nearly double that of similar goods supplied by contract. He also instanced the matter of locomotive building where our own Government had gone so far as to put about half a dozen locomotives together, and regretted that no return of the cost was available, as no doubt it would tell heavily against a renewal of the experiment of engine building at Newport. Another speaker regarded it as certain that the promise made with regard to repairs only being intended was not only about to be broken, but was always intended to be broken, and he could not absolve the Government from knowledge of and connivance at this intention. The positions taken by the speakers on Monday evening may be summed up as follows : —That the Railway Com missioners practically announce their intention to ignore the expressed opinion of the country, and the direct promises of Ministers of the Crown, by making new stock in the Newport shops instead of doing repairs only ; that this is constructively a breach of faith of a very serious nature, and that it includes a largely increased cost to the colony of its railway niaterial, a very serious injustice to existing foundries and manufactories, a most undesirable contraction of the avenues of profitable industry from our growing youth, and that it is a still further increase to the already enormous army of Civil servants. These are serious counts, but every one of them is susceptible of abundant proof, and their collective effect should be to make the Government pause before acquiescing in an injustice which will be a heavy and needless tax upon the revenue, and a source of much bitter antagonism to themselves. The chairman aptly likened the situa tion to that of a municipal council tax ing the residents and using the funds thus gotten for the purpose of compet ing with ordinary trade. It is easy to see that such a proceeding would be simply insufferable, while the fact re mains that the action of the Govern ment with regard to the Newport workshops is of a strictly identical kind. We hope the expression of i opinion given here and elsewhere will have its proper effect. Mr Gillies may be sure that the more the question is gone into, and the better it is underi stood, the stronger will be the general resolve that the manufacturing indus tries of the colony, built up with so much care, shall not be wantonly assailed at the suggestion of any Minister or any boards, nor on any supposed consideration of departmental expediency. Judge Williams has made a weighty appendix to his previous remarks about the desirability of sending first offenders to be specially treated or liberated on parole. The Castlemaine gaol, which is at last readyforthe puposes of this ex periment might, said the learned judge, be a power for good or a power for evil. If all first offenders are indiscrimi nately committed to Castlemaine the intentions of the reformers will be ab solutely defeated, as all who are new to arrest, are not necessarily new to crime, and an occasional black sheep being included with the rest might and would produce to the full the evils which, are charged to the presence of black sheep everywhere. “ If,” said his Honor, “ lialf-a-dozen offenders who, forerimes not very serious in their nature, be sent to that in' point of conviction * first offenders,’ but of : notoriously bad character, and the constant associates of thieves and magsinen, their corrupting influence upon a wholly dif ferent class of ‘ first offenders’ might, and probably would, be - pernicious in the ex treme. It is, therefore, plain that it will never do' to'indiscriminately send all first offenders who may be seuteuced to six months or under to this gaol. It is, I think, equally clear that the greatest care should be exercised before sending any ‘ first offenders’ to that gaol. Their character and antecedents should be patiently investigated and closely scrutinised, and then, if fou'ud satisfactory, they should be permitted to en joy the privilege of undergoing their term of imprisonpicut in a gaol set apart for an accredited class of first offenders, that they may be as far as possible removed from con tact with crime aud vice. It is better, I venture to think, to err on the side of being particular in selection than to run the risk of pollution, and thus to defeat a wise and good object by sending ‘ first offenders,’ of whose previous good character the presiding judge may not , be assured, to this special place of confinement.” ' In a case which produced the above remarks his Honor .sentenced one first offender to six months’ imprisonment with hard labor in Melbourne Gaol, and remanded two tnore for further enquiry into their antecedents. There is nodoubt that Judge Williams is making a most necessary discrimination while at the same time ably seconding the efforts of those who wish to give to young offenders a.chance of regaining ! their place in society. What was always really meant was to separate inexperienced offenders from adepts iu crime. Judge Williams points out that the fact of a first conviction is not a sufficient criterion, and it is to be hoped that his intention to make each case the subject of special enquiry will be followed by all who have the power to commit offenders to Castlemaine. Au. adjourned meeting of drapers and other storekeepers in the city and town, in terested in displaying goops on the footpaths was held last night at Craig’s hotel. There were about 40 present. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald was voted to the chair. The chairman read a telegrm received from the Chief Secretary, stating that the action of the police in en forcing the law on the subject had been stayed. Mr Snow, at the request of the chairman, related what action he and Mr luce had taken. On Friday morning they waited on 19 or 20 shopkeepers, who had signed the following telegram, which was duly forwarded to the Chief Secretary:— “ In connection with the motion carried at the meeting last night, and forwarded to you, in reference to the action of the police in enforcing the law pertaining to the exposing of goods ou the footpaths, &c.;,- we, the un dersigned, a majority of the drapers, representing the class most directly interested, respectfully submit that the meeting was hurriedly called, and was attended by 19 shopkeepers only, and we believe did not fairly express the feelings of shopkeepers generally. We are quite in accord with the authorities, and will loyally support them if the law is universally en forced.” Since then a large number of ad ditional signatures had been secured. The chairman said that S 7 signatures had been obtained to a petition on the other side. Some of those who had signed the petition against exposing the goods had also signed the other. "Mr luce moved—“ That this meeting urge upon the councils of the city and the town the advisability of enforcing the law prohibiting the exposure of goods on the footpaths of their respective districts.’ He thought the public lost by the present arrangement, for they had to pay for the deterioration of unsold goods, aud foi those that were stolen. Mr Thomson seconded the motion. Mr Kortlang pointed out that it lay with the police, and not with the councils, to enforce the law. Mr luce re plied that the police would be guided by the opinion of the councils. In reply tc remarks by Mr Beyer, hinting that the at tention of the police had probably been drawn by a recently-established firm in the City, Mr Suow said that the firm of Snow and Room was evidently referred to. On their behalf he gave the insinuation an em phatic denial. They had had nothing to d< with the initiation of the movement, but would help it on. Mr Beyer urged that until public complaints were made, no action should be taken. Mr Marsh thought the police had moved owing to thefts of goods from the fronts of shops. Mr Stephenson argued that those who desired to expose their goods should be allowed to, and that a large quantity of money was spent in Ballarat owing to the pre sent system that would not otherwise be laid out here. Mr A. Miller thought many people were prevented from spending money through the importunities of touts. The matter was discussed for some time, when Mr luce agreed to alter his proposition to read that the Chief Secretary be asked to enforce the law throughout the colony, and iu that form it was carried unanimously. The question then arose as to whether the peti tions for and against the practice should be proceeded with ami presented to the coun cils, aud the movers iu the matter announced their intention of going on with the w'ork of obtaining signatures. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Apartments have been secured at Craig’s hotel for his Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and suite. The vice-regal party will arrive in Ballarat to-morrow, and on Friday they will proceed on a visit of inspection to the Midas mine, Sulky Gully. His Excel lency will return to Melbourne on Friday night. Cardinal Archbishop Moran (of Sydney), Bishop Murphy (of Hobart), and Bishop Moran (of Dunedin), accompanied by Dr O’llaran, chaplain to the cardinal, and Dean Beechinor, of Launceston, arrived in Ballarat yesterday morning by the express train from Adelaide. We hear that the misunderstanding be tween the Ballarat Bootmakers’ Union and the firm of Messrs Whitten and Cairns has been settled, and that in future the factory of the firm will only be kept open 4S hours per week. We mentioned on Monday that Dr Macono chie had declined to retract his statements concerning Father Devane in connection with differences between the doctor and his wife, or to apologise for them. We now understand that proceedings will be insti tuted against Dr Maconochie at the City Police Court ou Tuesday, criminally, for slander. Messrs Purves, Q.C., and Finlay son have been retained for the prosecution, and Mr S. F. Mann will act as solicitor for the defendant. An application was made to the Licensing Court yesterday for a certificate that the Anglo-French Club was a bona fide club within the meaning of the Act. Mr Finlay son appeared in support of the application. Mr Gaunt, on behalf of the licensee of Fern’s hotel, objected, on the ground that it was only another way of obtaining a license to sell liquor for Mr Legal, the proprietor of the Restaurant de Paris, above which place the rooms of the club were situ ated. A similar application had been refused by the Melbourne Licensing Court, and it would be unjust for the Licensing Court to grant certificates to clubs having premises connected with restaurants. Mr J. J. C.. Fitzpatrick, hon. secretary of the club, stated that it numbered 73 members. The club was formed in order to enable French and English residents to meet together, and to improve themselves in French conversation. The entrance fee was £2 2s. The club would derive all the benefits from the sale of liquors to its members. The chairman of the court said it was a dangerous thing to allow a club to be where there was already an existing license. The application was refused. With reference to the decision of the Chinese of Golden Point to test the right of the Llanberris Company in preventing cer tain of their countrymen occupying sites on the company’s lease, it seems that the inter ested Mongolians are determined to fight the matter to the “ bitter end.” Some months ago the Town Council moved in the direction of breaking up the Camp, but a perusal of the Local Government Act disclosed a “flaw” which compelled the abandonment of the proposed course of action. Since the revival in mining in Ballarat East new claims have been started on and around Golden Point, and the Llanberris Company among others have organised new ventures. In order to provide ample room for the carrying on of these the company has had up to the present to expend £100 in compensation, in other words they have had to pay the Chinese for removing from the Llanberris lease, a portion of which they were in charity allowed to utilise many’ years ago for camp pur poses. The Camp has been a nuisance in Ballarat East for a long while, and Dr Radcliffe, the health officer, has fre quently reported unfavorably on the place from a sanitary point of view. Another meeting of Chinamen was held yesterday, when a fresh batch of resolutions were carried, the principal one being to the effect that no expense should be spared to test in a court of law the right of the Llanberris Company to interfere with the Celestials on the lease. It is stated that £200 has already been subscribed to pay legal expenses in the suit. Should the company be successful, it is more than probable that the camp will be broken up, as the Llanberris shareholders will claim full and undisturbed possession ol their lease. Should the camp be razed to the ground, Cr Elsworth’s suggestion of relegating the Mongolians to the ranges will probably be carried out. General Wong Ho, when in Ballarat, said that the health authorities should compel the Chinese of Ballarat East to reside in healthy domiciles, and further remarked that the huts in the camp at Golden Point were a disgrace to the district. In our Melbourne letter yesterday appeared an item bringing discredit upon a paragraph that appeared in The Star on the 13th August, complaining of the dilatoriness of the Mining Department, in connection with the plans of a certain mine. These were in the hands of the department for nine months; at the end of that time it was suddenly dis covered that there was a trifling error in them, and a correction had to be made. The statements reported by us were formally made at the meeting of the company re ferred to. The fact that the delay in this particular instance was beneficial to the com pany does not controvert the statement made by us that the plans were delayed, or that it was not until they had been in the possession of the department for nine months that the mistake referred was drawn attention to. We have received from the secretary of the Ballarat group of the Municipal Association a copy of the business paper for discussion at the half-yearly meeting of the group next week. Amongst other items set down for discussion are the following;—Three councils urge the necessity of securing Govern ment assistance to the work of extir pating foxes. Three councils suggest amendments of the Rabbit Suppression Act. The Shire of Mornington moves that votes for loans be a pro and con, vote by ballot, and be decided by a majority of such votes. The Shire of Warrnambool moves that steps be taken to have a clause inserted in the Local Government Amending Act, em powering police constables to prosecute offen ders against bylaws of any municipality with out obtaining the authority of such muni cipality. The Morningtonshire Council moves that the Government be requested to float a loan for the purpose of re-lending money to municipal bodies, at the lowest possible rate of interest consistent with se eming the Government from loss. The Shire of Warruambool moves that it is necessary that some limitation should be provided in the Local Government Ameuding Act as to the width live fences should be allowed to giow facing'a road, and to prevent the top overhanging the road. The friends of Mr Greville, of Greville’s hotel, will be pleased to learn that the report of his death which reached Ballarat two or three days ago was altogether unfounded. Mr Grcville is now on his way back to Bal laiat from Sydney. Mr John Cargeeg, who was so severely hurt by an accident at his steam chaffcutting works on Monday, was somewhat better yesterday, but it will be some days before he will be able to attend to his business again. The Rev. J. W. Inglis having tendered his resignation as pastor of the St. John’s Pres byterian Church, it was unanimously re solved at a meeting of the congregation to request him to reconsider his decision. Mr A. Miller placed the case of exposing goods on the footpaths very pithily from the point of view taken by those opposed to the practice at a meeting of drapers last night. He remarked that it reminded him forcibly of a man who came into a draper’s shop to borrow a pair of scissors from an assistant. It was all right the first time; the bor rower asked very politely—“ Jim, will you kindly lend me your scissors ?" Next time it was, “I say, Jim, let’s have our scissors for awhile.” The next time it was, “Jim, where on earth are my scissors?” So it was with the footpaths. At first it was a conces sion to be allowed to expose goods on them, and then it was looked upon as a sort of right. Now it was, “ What right have the public got to interfere with our highways?" The point was appreciated even by those it was directed against, and was greeted with hearty laughter. The marriage of Miss Maggie Brophy, daughter of Mr D. Brophy, J.P., and Mr M. J. Mungovan, teller in the Ballarat Banking Company, took place yesterday morning, at the conclusion of the 8 o’clock mass, at St. Patrick’s Cathedral. The wedding was pri vate. Bishop Moore performed the cere mony. List Monday the winter competition amongst the members of the Ballarat Fire Brigade took place, for trophies presented by Messrs Niven and Co., Mrs Reigelhuth, and Mr W. Dawson. The event, which was keenly contested, consisted of a man to run 20 yards, carry two coils of hose, fix hydrant, couple on first section of hose to same, and then fix same to breeching and run out two coils, fixing branches. In the first event Messrs W. J. Dark and R. Johnson tied with 42 l-5th sec, with Mr A. Reece third, 46 sec. In the run off Mr Dark was de feated by Mr Johnson, the result being Mr R. Johnson, 1, photographic album; Mr W. J. Dark, 2, epergne; Mr A. Reece, 3, lamp. It was gratifying to note the progress made by some of the young members who, although not successful, gave a good account of them selves. The capttain of the Clunes Fire Brigade, who attended to witness the con tests, expressed himself highly pleased with the proficiency of the men. We understand that the permanent charge of St. Paul’s parish, Ballarat East, lately vacated by the Rev. Canon Cummins, has been offered by the bishop to the Rev. George M‘Murray, M.A., now serving as coadjutor to the incumbent of Ararat. Mr M‘Murray’ has not yet accepted the charge. St. Peter’s Church, Sturt street, is about to take a new departure with a view to diminish the debt upon the vicarage and the additions and alterations in progress in the church. Having obtained the permission of Mr Gaunt, the vestry propose to hold, on the evening of Friday', the 25th of Novem ber next, a grand moonlight garden fete and concert, under distinguished patronage, in the house and grounds at Koonda, when Mrs Palmer (Miss Carandini) will sing, and at tractions of all kinds will be provided. A full programme will shortly appear. The official inspection of the Ballarat Battalion will take place on Saturday, loth October. The members of the Ballarat Battalion who are to take part in the entertainment in the Orderly Room on Friday night are requested, by advertisment to attend a full dress rehearsal this evening, at S o’clock. The band are also summoned to attend prac tice at 7.30 this evening. Sergeant C. T. Nicholls has been ap pointed Company Sergeant-Major in the lialiarat Battalion, vice H. Mitchell, pro moted to the rank of quartermaster-ser geant. We notice that the talented Payne Family are making a highly successful tour through the colony. They have drawn crowded houses in nearly all the principal towns of the northern and eastern districts, and in press notices their performances are favor ably commented on. They are now giving a series of concerts in the western district. Thursday, the 6th, and Wednesday, the 19th of October, will be observed as public and bank holidays within the Shire of Bacchus Marsh. Wednesday, 12th October, will be observed as a public and bank holiday within the Borough of Talbot. At the Licensing Court yesterday, Robert Wright, licensee of the Globe hotel, and Thomas Dutton, licensee of the Bute hotel, pleaded guilty to charges of Sunday trading, and were each fined £2, with 7s costs. William Price, licensee of the Fawn hotel, Sturt street, pleaded not guilty to a similar charge. Mr Pearson appeared for the de fendant. Constable Gorin deposed that on the evening of Sunday', 11th instant, he saw four men coming out of the hotel with bottles. One of them admitted that the bottle he carried contained beer. The de fendant was fined £3, with 5s costs. Messrs J. N. Wilson and James Adams, trustees of the Royal Mail hotel, Lydiard street, and Mr L. Phillips, licensee, applied for compensation at the Licensing Court yesterday, the license of the hotel having been surrendered. Mr Finlayson appeared on behalf of the applicants, and enquired as to the manner in which the court would assess compensation. His Honor Judge Casey said the compensation would be assessed on the difference in value of the house with the license and without it. Mr J. N. Wilson deposed that the rent of the hotel was £104 a year. The house was patronised by the poorer portion of the popu lation, and a considerable sum would have to be expended before it could be brought up to the requirements of the Act. He doubted whether, if the hotel was shut up, the place could be let without the license. F. M. Clax ton,auctioneer, thought that £2 2s a week was a fair rental for the place with the license, and it would be worth nothing without the license. The capital value of the land with out the license he would estimate at about £50 per foot, which for 24 feet frontage would, be £1200. T. A. Freeman, auc tioneer, said if the house was brought up to the requirements of the Act it would bring a rental of £3 a week. He thought the land was worth £60 a foot, and with the building and license about £2000. Twelve years pu- chase was a fair value for Lydiard street property. George Glencairn Lorimer, builder and contractor, said it would cost between £800 and £900 to erect a building on the site which would bring a rental of £2 per week. Louis Phillips, the occupier, stated that he had been 12 months in the hotel, and had paid £450 for the goodwill, &c.; The takings were between £20 and £25 a week, and the expenses were £7. The furniture and fittings were insured for £400. William Dobbie, inspector of public buildings, who was called by the licensing inspector, said the expendi ture of £25 would get as good a rental as was given in adjoining shops. Taking the capital value at £60 a foot, the ground could be let on building lease at £85 a year. The court awarded £200 compensation to the owners and £50 to the occupier. At the half- yearly meeting of the Ballarat Municipal Group, to be held next week, the following motion standing in the name of the Shire of South Barwon will be considered:— “ That, with a view of extending the general principle of local self-government, the neces sary’ steps be taken by the executive com mittee of the association to urge on Parlia ment as soon as possible to permanently reserve, by way of endowment, an area ol Crown lands to each municipality in the colony; such lands to be vested iu the coun cils of the municipalities for the time being, with power to lease such lands for any purpose they may see fit, and for any period not exceeding 30 years.” Accompanying the motion are these explana tory notes:—“l. The passing into law of such a provision would be the means of placing the municipal government of the . colony on a firmer basis, and, consequently, j owing to increased incomes, would permit of the municipal councils dealing in a more satisfactory and expedient manner with their public works, and on an extended basis with the general advancement of the colony. 2\. That it -would be means of savuig the Government numerous applications for special municipal grants, and iu years to come, when the endowed lands become more and more valuable, the handing over to the municipal councils a. large amount of the in ternal management of the colony. 3. That, seeing the Crown lands are fast passing out of the hands of the Crown, if the municipal bodies are to be endowed, the necessary pro visions should be made as soon as possible.” A prosecution against Mr D. Fern, the licensee of Fern’s hotel, Sturt street (for supplying liquor to persons while under the influence of drink) was heard at the Licensing Court yesterday. Mr Pearson appeared for the defence. The case rested on the evidence of Constable Spillane, who stated that he saw three young men, one of them under the influence of liquor, go into the hotel at about half-past 11 o’clock on the night of the 3rd instant. They left the hotel after having some more liquor, and one of them was arrested for drunkenness, and was fined at the police court. Constable Jeffron gave corroborative evidence. The defence was that the young fellows were not drunk, or if so, it was not apparent to those by whom the liquor was served. Miss Fern, who served the drink, stated that the men appeared per fectly sober, and other witnesses who were in the bar gave similar evidence. His Honor said the court did not think the evidence was clear enough to show that the person who served the liquor knew that the men were drunk. The case was dismissed. It is very probable that the Australian Natives’ Association will be carried to the extreme west of Australia ere long, Mr W. H. Neelands, lately president of the Euroa branch, is now in Western Australia feeling his way, and he speaks very sanguinely of his prospects. He has sounded the native born Australians at Perth, Fremantle, Albany, and Bunbury, and at each place his representations were well received. He in tends making his first effort at Perth or Fremantle, and expects shortly to be in a position to apply for a charter for opeuiug at least one branch. Mr J. P. Mustow, the licensee of the Princess Royal hotel, was proceeded against at the Licensing Court yesterday on a charge of Sunday trading. Inspector Parkinson prosecuted, and Mr Pearson appeared for the defence. Senior-constable Moly neux gave evidence to the effect that he visited the defendant’s place in company with Constable Fogarty. They found four men in the bar parlor, in front of one of whom was a glass of beer, and there were also two empty glasses, which had contained beer. The men in the room stated that they were boarders, but the witness knew that that was not the ease. In reply to witness’ ques tion, the landlord said he did not keep a bed book, so that he could not show they were lodgers. Frank Graham, one of those in the room, deposed that he had gone in to talk about football with the landlord, Mr Mustow. The witness had no drink, and Jacob Neave, a lodger, was the only one who had any drink. Similar evidence was given by Jacob Neave and by the licensee. His Honor Judge Casey, chairman of the court, thought the case should never have been brought before them. It was a pity that police constables should be going about the country to get up such cases. To mark the disapproval of the court the case would be dismissed, and £3 12s costs awarded against the licensing in spector. The members of the Congregational Church choir gave a recital of saered and secular music last evening in the church schoolroom, Dawson street. The admission was free, but a collection was taken up dur ing the evening on behalf of the organ fund. There was a very large attendance, and the concert was in all points a very successful one. Miss Figgis, the organist of the church, played two pianoforte solos with her usual ability, besides acting as accompanist; and vocal solos were given by Miss Edith Rees, Miss Haines, and Messrs A. Clarke, W. King, Rhys Bodycombe, and Ernest King. The choruses, conducted by Mr W. King, were rendered with remarkable accuracy and precision, and several of them had to be repeated. The programme was as follows: —Pianoforte solo, “ Cujus Animam,” Miss Figgis; anthem, “ Before Jehovah’s awful throne,” choir; solo, “Lord, remember David,” Mr A. Clarke; anthem, “ Hide not Thou Thy face,” choir: sacred song, “ The better land,” very sweetly sung by Miss Edith Rees and encored; saered part song, “ The home-land,” choir; recit. and aria, “David singing before Saul,” Mr \V. King; anthem, “I am the way,” choir: pianoforte solo, “ Polnische Tuuz,” Miss Figgis; part song, “ A spring song,” Miss Figgis; song, “Big Ben,” Mr Rhys Body comb; part song, “The three fishers,” choir; part song, “ The word and the look,” choir; song, “ Will o’ the wisp,” Mr Ernest Figgis; solo and chorus, “Now, tramp,” Miss Humes and choir. The following transfers of license were granted at the Licensing Court yesterday:— Royal Standard hotel, Main road, from Julia Ingram to Elizabeth Williams; Half-way House hotel, Skipton street, from John Hames, executor of the late Bridget Kinane, to William Astley; George Schmidt, of the Brown Hill hotel, was granted a new license, the old one having been accidentally de stroyed. The death is announced of Mr Stephen Shrimpton, formerly the landlord of 'Tatter sall’s hotel, Doveton street, and well-known in sporting circles in this city. Mr Shrimp ton, who was 47 years of age, died somewhat suddenly in Melbourne on Monday. The Licensing Court for the Ballarat group of districts will hold a sitting on the Ist De cember, to deal with offences only, and on the 7th December to deal with transfers and renewals. At the noon meeting yesterday, in Ebenezer Church,' Mrs Baeyertz, the lady evangelist, gave a practical and helpful address on the Christian life. An increasing interest was shown by the attendance. A meeting was held in the same place at half past 3, when Mrs Baeyertz gave a powerful address on “Holiness.” There was a very large attendance. Mid-day meetings will be held each day this week. To-night the ad dress will be for women and girls only. To-, morrow night Mrs Baeyertz will address men and boys in the church. Mrs Thornton is sorry that she will be un able to receive visitors, as usual, either next Friday or for some weeks to come, in con sequence of her absence with the bishop on visitation. The two test examinations in connection with the St. ' John Ambulance Association resulted as follows:—In the advanced class under Dr Morrison, examined by Dr Ochil tree, 17 went up and 15 passed, three of them with credit, viz., Miss Agnes Grace, Miss Hale, and Miss Humphreys, aud Miss E. Angwin, Miss Flower, Miss M. Grace, Mrs Kenny, Miss T. Lofven,- Mrs Martell, Miss Matthews, Miss Merritt, Mrs Oldham, Miss Parker, Mrs Sagle, and Miss A. Walker obtaind passes. For the preliminary, class under Dr Scott, of which: Dr Salmon was examier, 2S went up for examination, of whom 24. passed, i.e Miss Ham, Miss H. Nichtson, Miss Bosenblum, Miss S. Smith, Miss/alentine, Mrs T. Allen, Mrs Arnold, Miss Campbell, Miss Clegg, Miss Mary Crohey, Miss Dyer, Mis3 A. Grace, Miss J (race, Miss Hall, Mis3 Lewers, Miss Maccav, Mrs Madden, Mrs Morrison, Miss Pater, Miss Sherard, Miss Jessie Walker, Mis Ware, Miss Williams. The first five naied passed with credit. i resident of the Town informs us that a Mss Smith, of Eureka street, met a person icßallarat East on Saturday night who was •payin" “ghost,” and she received a fight,° which has resulted _ somewhat eiiously. Tile form was attired a thite flowing robe, and on suddenly making its appearance around a corner, it approached the girl. It is stated that Miss Smith is con fined to her bed since Saturday, suffering from hysteria, and is under the care of a medical practitioner. If this report be true, it is time something is done to arrest and punish the scamps who are indulging in such reprehensible pastime. At the Court of Mines yesterday, before his honor Judge Casey, the matter of the United Hand-in-Haud and Band of Hope Company, registered, to settle the list of contributories, was called on. Mr Finlayson appeared for the liquidator, and Mr Wynne for Messrs C. Thomas and J. D. Williams, two of the contributories. On the applica tion of Mr Finlayson the matter was ad journed until next Court day', with i-2 10s costs. Some formal business in connection with the recent examination of the insolvent Eugene Lamtnonerie dit Fattorini was trans acted at the Insolvency Court yesterday, be fore his Honor Judge Casey, and the court then adjourned sine die. On Saturday next the annual picnic in [ connection with the Victorian Railways Mutual Benefit Society will be held at the public park, Daylcsford. Au extensive sports programme has been prepared, and provision has°been made for the supply of luncheon on the grounds. It is expected that there will be a large attendance at the gathering from all parts of the colony. Two special trains will convey excursionists from Ballarat, leaving the western station at 7.10 and 7-25 a.m. The return traius will leave Daylesford at 7.25 and 7-35 p.m. Tickets may be ob tained from Messrs J. Davies (goods shed) and D. H. Crompton (office), at the Ballarat railway station. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—William Millett, residing in Grant street, suffering from a scalp wound, caused by apiece of iron falling on him at the Union Foundry; and Rosina Smith, residing in Errard street, suffering from a crushed finger, caused by getting it caught in some cogwheels at the Ballarat Woollen Mills. Arrangements for the Fancy Costume Football Match, iu aid of funds which are being raised for the purchase of anew brake for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, are progress ing satisfactorily. It i3 intended to intro duce several specialties independent of foot ball. At the monthly meeting of the local fire brigade on Monday (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) it was decided to write to the borough council for permission to hold the annual sports, in aid of the funds of the brigade, in the public gardens on Boxing Day. The present winter season (writes our Linton correspondent) has been remarkable for the number of deaths of old identities that have taken place in this locality, and we have yet another to record—that of Mrs Lambly, wife of Mr Jas. Lambly, a resident of long standing and highly respected. The remains of the deceased were followed by a long train of mourners and friends to the Linton general cemetery, where the body was interred. The funeral rites of the Wes leyan Church were conducted at the grave by the Rev. W. Graham, of Scarsdale. The mortuary arrangements were in the hands of Mr Nelson. The Rev. Father Corcoran, the predecessor of Father Ljuch in this district (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) paid the town ship a flying visit on Monday, and met with a very hearty welcome from his numerous friends. The rev. gentleman left here for the city this morning. The diamond drill for prospecting at Lawaluk, Mount Mercer (writes our local correspondent) passed through Buninyong this morning to the site selected by Mr Hedrick, of the drill committee. The engine and boiler will be conveyed thither on Thursday next. There was a blank charge- sheet at the Smythesdale Police Court yesterday. Dr J. B. Hayes, successor to the late Dr Stewart (writes our local correspondent) is now in charge of tiie Smythesdale district, and has already created a very favorable im pression as a skilled practitioner. The doctor has not yet fully made up his mind to re main permanently, but has decided to, at all events, give thedistriet a six mouths’ trial. Some wild bullocks (writes our Buninyong correspondent) are roving about on the road between Cambrian Hilt and Smythesdale. On Saturday Mr Bennett Dunstau was driv ing along the road when one of the bullocks attacked the horse, and gored him, and also broke the buggy. On Monday', when two of Mr D. M. Davies’ sons were coming from Ross’ Creek in a buggy’ with a pair of ponies, they were rushed by the same brutes, but the lad got into shelter. They were, how ever, delayed about an hour, being frightened to travel until they got clear of the bullocks. The weather here during the last two days (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) has been delightfully bright and fine, though a little chilly in the shade. The change from bleak winds and spasmodic showers, which have been of daily occurrence for a con siderable time previously', is decidedly cheer ing and appreciable. A miner named Thomas “Brady, residing at Yea, accidentally shot himself in the thigh on Monday evening whilst playing with a revolver. The wound is a serious one, but the doctor has hopes of pulling him through. Two brothers, named Michael Power, aged 15, and Thomas Power, aged 21, who reside at Warrandyte, and follow the occupation of woodcarteis (says the Telegraph), were in the Survey hotel, Balwvn, on Tuesday' night, at about half-past 10, when another wood carter, named Andrew Jobson, aged 27 years, entered the hotel, and commenced a quarrel with the elder Power. After some time the brothers Power, thinking that Jobson had departed, were preparing to continue their journey, when Jobson returned and dealt the younger Power a severe blow across the head with a large piece of wood, which he had obtained from his dray, rendering him unconscious. The elder brother then couvcyed the injured one to the Box Hill Police Station, where his wounds were dressed by Dr Dickenson, and he was conveyed to his house at Warran dyte. On Friday morning, as the injured lad grew worse, it was deemed advisable to convey him back to Box Hill, in order tfiat he might obtain better medical attention and care. As the condition of youug Power on Saturday grew critical, a warrant was issued for the arrest of the man Jobson, and this was effected on Saturday by the senior con stable. Acting under the advice of Dr Dickenson, on Sunday the dying depositions of the injured lad were taken by Mr Elling worth, J.P., in the presence of the pri soner. An Aye telegram from Auckland states that the wooden dwelling of n settler named Claike, at Swanson, took fire on Saturday, and while Clarke was rescuing his wife the structure collapsed, burying his two children. C|arke was severely burnt, and the corpses of the children were recovered, terribly charred. The condemnation of Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons’ steamer Clieviot, by the Marine authorities of South Australia has occasioned some surprise. While proceed ing from Melbourne to Adelaide on sth Sep tember, the vessel was delayed for a couple of hours by the breakage of a certain portion of the machinery. Mr J. Campbell, inspect ing engineer to the Marine Boaid of South Australia, reported to that body that the accident had been far more serious than ap peared on the surface. This report led to the suspension of the certificate granted to the vessel, ‘and it was only after tem porary repairs had been undertaken that the Marine Board consented to her sailing for Melbourne without either passengers or cargo. This having been reported to the Victorian Steam Navigation Board, they called upon their engineer surveyor (Mr A. Wilson) to inspect the ship and report whether she was in a seaworthy condition. Mr Wilson reported to the effect that the hull, engines, and boilers of the steamer, with the exception of some parts referred to iu his report, are in good seagoing condition, and with ordinary repair fit for many years’ service. The shipwright surveyor to the board (Mr D. Elder) also reported that all the equipments were in good serviceable con dition, as required by the Harbor Statute. At the meeting of the council of the Mel bourne ; University on Monday (says the Argus), a letter was received from the Bal larat School of Mines, forwarding a copy 0 f the revised constitution of the Shool, and directing attention to the provision therein which empowers the council of the Univer sity to appoint six gentlemen to represent the University on the council of the school On the motion of Mr Ellery, the registrar was instructed to write to the registrar of the Ballarat School of Mines, for°a list of the names of the gentlemen already on the list of the council and the names of gentle men willing and eligible to accept the posi tion. A single man named Richard England, a miner, 55 years of age, has been found dead in a waterhole at the rear of an hotel in Melbourne. An enquiry was held, and the magisti ate recorded that the cause of death was drowning, but there was no evidence to show how the deceased got into the water. By a telegram from Cooktown we learn that there is news from Dinner Island to the efl'ct that the cutter Albatross turned up safely, with Messrs R. Whiten and Oscar Goldberg, from Woodlark. Riceius, the the survivor of the Orangerie Bay massacre had to swim four miles to escape. lie was surrounded after landing, and was speared and clubbed, blit was protected by a native who sheltered him for three weeks, until Captain Ah Gim rescued him. The tribe wanted to kill and eat him, and made seve ral attempts on his life, but his protector mustered his friends, and, arming them selves, threatened to fight if the white man was interfered with. A native shot another while playing with a gun taken from the Cecila, and the accident nearly cost Riceius his life. At the shire council meeting at Rosedale on Monday it transpired that several deaths had recently occurred at Cowwar from diph theria, owing to bad drainage. The local health officer, I>r Walpole (says the Argus correspondent), told the council that when the summer conies an outbreak of typhoid is certain, unless a thorough and comprehen sive system of drainage is immediately car ried out. The council decided to place the matter in the hands of a competent umdueer at once to design and carry out a draiuage scheme. Louis Berger, a well-known resident of Devcuish, near Benalla, lias had his hand blown off by the bursting of a gun whilst shooting at parrots. A young man, aged about 22 years, named Denis Robertson, a recent arrival in the colony (writes the correspondent of the Argus), was accidentally poisoned on Messrs Manifold’s Daredite station on Monday. He was sent to work at an old sheep dip, and was particularly cautioned not to drink out of any vessels found there. Notwithstanding this he took a drink of apparently clear water out of an old boiler which had recently contained the mixture of arsenic used in the treatment of sheep. He almost immediately showed severe signs of poisoning, and was brought into Camperdown. Dr Pettigrew applied remedies, but the patient is very low and is not expected to recover. Beferring to Mr Brodribb’s report on edu cation in New South Wales, the Telegraph says:—“ Our correspondent (Mr A. Hauson), of Geelong, suggests the appointment of a commission consisting of Mr A. C. Ctirlewis, M.A., a senior inspector; Mr H. Rex, 8.A., a junior inspector, and Mr T. H. Templeton, a head teacher of lortg standing, to proceed to the adjoining colony and make exhaustive enquiries. Mr Pearson is much struck with the value of the proposal, and has taken it into consideration; but just at present it would be impossible to spare the officers named. When opportunity occurs some such course will probably be adopted.” A hawker named Harry Scott, living at Devenish, was charged at the Benalla Police Court on Monday with having at tempted his life by placing bis head ou the railway line near the station platform, at Devenish. On Friday afternoon, whilst shunting was going on and a train approach ing, Mrs Cotterill wife of the stationmaster, courageously rushed forward and dragged Scott off the line just in time to save his life at imminent danger to her own, as the engine rushed past tearing her skirt. Scott was remanded to Beeuhworth for medical examination. A married man named Michael Mornane, aged 3S year3, a resident of liarwon Heads, has been accidently killed at .Marshalltown. He was driving a horse ami waggonette towards home, when be stopped to speak to a brother of his. When be was about getting; off the waggon the lmrse suddenly moved on, and Mornane fell in front of the wheels of the vehicle, two of which passed over bis chest. He was brought to the hospital, where he died. The latest diplomatic canard is to the effect that Prince Bismarck proposes to placate France at the expense of Holland. “ A foreign diplomatist-,” who has been un bosoming himself (of course anonymously) in the columns of Galvjnani, declares (says the London correspondent of the that the Iron Chancellor is willing to give trance back Alsace-Lorraine on condition that Ger many is allowed to absorb Holland and her colonies. “ The vast colonics of Holland, observes the diplomatist, “ offer exactly what Germany wants. They could he at once made profitable without the outlay of a single thaler. Holland has sunk millions of gulden and thousands of men in Java and Sumatra. With German organisation and energy, the Dutch Imliesmight form a \\\ edge or strategic ground dividing England s tuo great colonial bulwarks —Australia andlndia. Prince Bismarck feels that I ranee and Ger many are natural allies, and that the rea enemy of Germany ami France and Russia is England. It is on this basis that the future of Europe and Asia is to be settled. lie Continent for the Continentals. Germany to cement a lasting friendship with trance by giving back Alsace and Lorraine, and thereby realise her dreatn o colonial empire. Russia, under the Kgis o Germany ami France, to secure a ioa. , no only to Constantinople, but to a » IUC coveted port on the Indian Ocean betnee Persia and British India.’ ~ Referring to the infamous “ FV;., business, “ Timotbeus ’ says:—* -“ a has managed his business wtdl, hnwe.er. is claimed that only three members wouiu have voted against the resolution. Certain ), only three members made then heard—Mr Gordon, Mr Anderson (Cres wick), and Mr Zox. Mr Gordon c.j a division, hut was induced to withers . - demand. Mr Anderson, who was the House, did not realise what was ta*'i=. place, ami when lie rose to insist upon a he was ton late, ami Mr Zox " ,l= L ", ~ with the protest —‘ A line haul, ~ a division had becu taken, it is a 'HI whether the votes of the memhcis " 110 , > sat for seven years could not ini' c eell . lenged on account of their direct pec ' interest in the issue, for they ceuain > conferring a benefit upon tliemseb c»- *- -The Victorian Railways, ibO;-' ~~«> r ‘ Who can that disreputable being be corner? Strange that he be able to travel first-class.’ Traveller- On. an ex-member of larliament. the country first and to the dogs at y - Helms forfeited respect, butt! elC ~«v cass, feiture of the railway pass.’ _ indeed,’ will moralise the visitoi. 