[?] ' 4 (NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPR&B8; ) " ! 4, W e i 1,1 suppose actresses ad npt the same | processes as fashionable wpihen? ' . ! | Not a bit of It. Acressea have to follow" | isinaple and quick methods ld make up for a stage appearance. The actresB who Wishes m make a good appearance usually washes her face in water and then in bay rum. Oriental cream, or a whitish liquid is next applied with ia sponge. When the face is dry ; it is then powdered with the finest chamois skin. ' Then the background, as it were; is ready, and carmine is delicately distributed with a fine velvet sponge over the features. The lips next receive atten tion by. the .homoeopathic application of a red liquid. All oi this is doue with in credible swiftness, and without any apparent I effort to obtain artistic effect. The par- J ticular part of the toilet now begins — I pencilling the eyebrowB. . A small camel's I hair brush, of the best quality, is moistened I with the finest Indian ink, and work ou the I eyebrows is fairly inaugurated. A delicate line is also drawn under the lashes on the I lower lid. This is the way the actress pre- | pares to make her appearance upon the j stage when she is impersonating a cuaracter that does not require her to look older than she really is. In that case, of course, she uses cosmetics and paints to produce I wrinkles and the necessary aged appearance. 1 nanoilo IWft 1 ora fpflo lifintlvy noo/1 uoauiuijoiic xiut -a wav Aiuuuvij uovu instead cf Indian ink to pencil the eye brows. The enamelling process, which originated in France, is very rarely resorted to on account of its baneful effects. It gives the face a ghost-like, waxy look, and is far from being beaatiful. It is a perfect art, though, and frequently very old actresses can build a new and youthful face for the stage with enamel. Used to a great extent it fi Us the pores of the skin aud poisons tbe muscular glands, producing disease. Some of tbe great and successful actresses, how ever, have outfits that a harem of Oriental j women might envy To euumerate a few ! of the articles — Glycerine, Indian ink, powders, carmine, lead pencil, sponge, poyzder-puffs, crimps, frizzes, chamois skin, puffs, braids, hair-pius, piece of steel for short curls, tooth paste, bay rum, Florida water, nail brush, tweezers for pulling out grey hairs, oardamon seed, dyes, aromatic pills for the breach, invigorators, sheet of zioc for cuiling hair, two band glasses, besides other artic es. The effect of loug I years of painting a face is quite visible and j noticeable by the generally dead appearance ot the skin. I would advise every actor and actress to pay a great deal of attention j to scrubbing their faces alter the perform j ance. They do wash the paint off, but ( oftentimes, being In a- hurry, they do not I wash hard enough. There is au art in 4 making up' as well as in acting." 