Walts ant* Sftetcijes, A Moment of Passion. I could never quite understand Mrs, Le vason, although I had known her inti mately for something like twelve or four teen years, and had been thrown in her company under very trying circumstances; but, although we had been through storms and tempests together, on sea and land, she had never allowed me to penetrate beneath the thick veil she spread over her past; and, singularly enough, in this little world of ours, I had never come across any one who had known her, or, what was more to the point, who had known her husband. During all our adventures his name had never been spoken. I knew enough from her own lips to be aware that she w&b; a wealthy heiress ; indeed her man ner of living proved that money was plen tiful enough, and when I first made her acquaintance, in a tiny Swiss inn, where she had had one of her worst attacks of her terrible complaint, without so much sb a maid with her, she had muttered that she was all alone in the world, but that I should not be forgotten if I stood by her to the last. She seemed surprised to think our cases were much alike; for I told her I was rich, too, and all alone. But when I mentioned my hero, who sleeps in his distant grave in Afghanis tan, and expected her confidence in re turn, she only laughed impatiently, and changed the subject as soon as she could. Still, for all that, we became staunch friends, and since then have travelled •well-nigh all over the world in each other's company. I suppose she trusted me be cause 1 really wanted nothing from her, either in the past, future, or present; for I never cared to question her, and my means were too ample to allow of her suspecting me of designs upon her purse. One year I was seized by a fearful at tack of home sickness; it was ten years • since I had seen London, and I yearned —shall I confess it?—for the familiar Bond-street shops, and a Bight of the dear dirty town. But Mrs. Levason •would have none of it; and instead of Bond-street, I found myself in Yokohama. Judge of my surprise then, when she berself proposed this last spring to rush over to our native land, en route for a bouse in Scotland, that, in a moment of extreme confidence, she told me was one among her numerous possessions. We tore through London and rushed up north by the mail train, and finally arrived breathless, dusty, and dirty, on the shores of Loch Maree. There was not a soul to meet us, and not one who knew even Mrs. Levason, though she had lived there until she was twenty-one. No wonder," said she, as she threw me a portrait across the breakfast-table; *' there is no resemblance there to me, is there ?" and she waited for my answer, looking me straight in the face in a most ■embarrassing manner. No; there certainly was not. Here was a pretty, charming, laughing girl, with bright brown curls and deep blue eyes, with never a cloud in them ; there, a sour, sad-faced creature of over forty, with quite white hair, and eyes generally 80 downcast, so miserable-looking, that I bad never learned their real colour be fore. She laughed when she saw my expres sion, and told me I need not speak. She saw what I thought in my face, and bid ding me amuse myself as best I could, for she would be busy for the next few hours, she took the picture, and went up stairs crooning an old Roumanian song of love and revenge, that always seemed to snake my flesh creep, there was some thing so uncanny about it. She came in horn one of her usual long, •solitary* rambles one day, and, sinking down into her chair, sat looking into the fire as if she saw dreadful pictures in the cheery blaze. She appeared bo old, so stern, I hardly knew her, and I looked apprehensively at her, dreading the re turn of her awful disease, and wondering how I could cope with " angina pectoris" so far from any medical assistance. And I suppose I must have said something, for presently she remarked, without turn dug her head, " No, Mary, I am not go ing to be ill; but I have had a fearful shock—" True to my resolve never to question her, I said nothing ; but, coming close to her, I put my band on her shoulder, and begged her to be calm, and to forget it as soon as she could. And I then found out she was wet through—as wet as if she bad fallen into the Loch, and scarcely had troubled to wring her gar ments out. Of course, I made her change all her raimant, and when she was clothed and warmed, I sat down by her and be gan to read Browning, hoping to turn her thoughts into another channel as quickly as might be. She seemed to listen quietly, but soon she turned to me and said, " No other woman would have been as sweet, as lit tle given to curiosity, as yon have been, Mary; I feel I can trust you, and am going to tell you my story. For five and-twenty years I have borne my sorrow silently ; now I am going to confide in you. I know too well now that I can really and truly trust you. Mary, to day, when I went out over the hill, I met any husband—" I am ashamed to confess it, but my heart gave quite a rapturous jump ; but I said sothing. I let Browning fall, and taking her hand in mine, waited quietly until she chose to speak. " The last time I sav him was at the wedding-breakfast. Think of that, Mary think of that! I can see him now, a false wretch, as he stood, his hand on the back of my chair, as I rose to leave to change my dress. And that was the very last I saw of him until this afternoon, when we met like two ghosts, and he told me that my revenge was complete, and that he and his were starving. Think of that, Mary—starving, and he might have * been master here, and of a dozen places besides ! No, my same is not Lovason ' —of course not—it is—" And then she mentioned a name that wild horses could not draw from me, but made me shiver as i if I too had had a bath in the lioch. 44 Never in all my life," she continued, had I been denied a single thing. I was the last of my race, and I was to make a ; brilliant marriage. A Royal duke had cast an eye my way, and a special act of j Parliament was hinted at; hut before ne gotiations were complete I had met Don ald, and soon we were engaged, and the j wedding-day fixed ; and I was head over ears in business and settlements, and all the rest of the bustle inseparable from a wedding like mine was to be. " Mildred Lawton was my poor com panion, Mary. She was pretty and j sweet, I knew, and 1 trusted her. Often enough when I was busy I sent her down to amnse Donald, and never for one mo ment saw the harm in it; but just be fore the day of the marriage Donald came to me, and confessed his love for Mil dred, begging me to release him and for- j get him as soon as possible. 41 But I laughed at him, and told him it waB only infatuation : he would soon forget her, for he had at first loved me really, Mary (and men cannot change like weathercocks, you know) : and after a while he said I was right; it was infatu ation, and he would forget Mildred as soon as ever he could. 44 T can't think why I did not send her j away at once; but—she was going to be my one bridesmaid—people talk so ; I wished to keep her under my own eye, and I really seemed to be in the right. He never met or spoke to her until the { fatal moment when I went up-stairs to change my dress, when Mildred, linger ing behind, met Donald. As he says, it | was an instant impulse, a moment of un- ; governable passion. Without a word they fled into the carriage waiting to take j us on our wedding tour; and when 1 came down the house was in confusion. 1 They were off, and there was not a soul true to me. I 44 Of course Donald begged and prayed me to divorce him ; but I never would. That woman should never bear his name, ' or be his honest wife ; and I have hunted them from pillar to post, until he has i been driven to come and beg for mercy for her and him, at my hands. Me is a 1 doctor; he tries to settle down. Then comes a whisper—then the scandal j spreads; and off he has to go, wandering through the world. She stole him from me—she sees the effect, Bhe feels the I effect. Does his love compensate her, I wonder, for sickly, starved, nameless j children—for blighting his whole career j —for ruining my life 1" As Mrs. LevaBon paused for a moment, and seemed unable to continue the story, 1 at last ventured to speak. " Love compensates for all," I said, crying. " Let him go dear—dearest Mrs. Levasou ! let him go, and let him marry the wretched mother of his children." 44You too, Mary!" she said faintly, " you, too ! Have you no pity for me 1 Remember the girl I was, not quite 21, young, rich, and beautiful. What am 1 now ! A woman old before my time, possessed of a disease caused by sorrow and trouble, and that may kill me at any moment. Nay, as long as I live I will hunt them down. I would not have told you my story if I thought you would have gone against me. Forget it all, Mary ; now leave me, for I want to be alone and, kissing me quietly, she mo tioned me away, and I left her as she de sired ; for I could never argne, and I seemed to have a good deal to think about. 1 set my window open, and, sit ting down, began to meditate; but pre sently was aroused by a curious sound, and, looking out, I saw Mrs. Levason gliding down the avenue, and making, I j feared for the Loch. It did not take j long to put on my hood and follow her ; but I shall never forget the walk. Leav ing the Loch on one side, she went on ! like a mad thing, over hedges and ditches, as it seemed to me ; nothing stopped her, | or me either, for the matter of that. On we went, until we came to a little village, I so hidden among the hills that I had never known of it before. Mrs. Levason stopped at one of the poorest cottages : here, and peered in at the uncurtained : window. Something she saw there seemed | to pleas# her, and, laughing to herself, 1 she went on into the shadow of the porch of the honse, and I followed, catching sight as I did so of a man and woman | sitting by the hearth together, in such an attitude, and looking so miserable, I my self could have cried over them, although they certainly deserved all they were suf fering. I had scarcely passed the window when, with a terrible cry, Mrs. Levason flung up her arms, and fell forward on her face.- I hurried np to her, and endea voured to soothe her, but it was no use ; and I rushed to the cottage and called " Donald, Donald !"—for I did not know his other name, and it was no time for ceremony. Poor soul, it was all over ; but it must have been a bitter moment for the other woman. For Donald had really loved his wretched wife, and their whole lives had been wrecked, as she said, only in a 1 single moment of passion. Curiously enough, the settlements, which had never been cancelled—I don't know, by the way, if they legally could— gave all to Donald, and poverty and care disappeared when my poor friend died. Cut I think she would have wished it after that death-bed scene; and though, of course, Donald and Mildred are mar ried, the story has got about, and the country does not care to visit where the five or six sons and daughters are all more or less good looking, and who have none of them any right to the name they bear. Sour stomach and foul breath can be quickly regulated by Dr. Bell's Bitters, and you will not require more than one bottle to prove this statement. Try it and be convinced. 