Visit of Bishop Otoe to the District. The Right Rev. Dr 'Id Flowers Goe, the newly-appointed Ani -i Bishop of Mel bourne, arrived at Rutb, jlen by the late train on Snturday night. He was accom panied as far as Springhurst by the Ven. Archdeacon McCuIIagli, of Sandhurst, who then proceeded to Chiltern, his seat being filled by the Rev. T. Moorhouse, who accom panied the Bishop to Rutherglen. Arrived at his destination, after the usual formula had been gone through, ho and his wife, who nlso accompanied'him, became the gnests of Messrs Graham Bros., of ‘ Netherby Vineyard. At 10.4& the following morning he arrived at St. Stephen s Church, for the purpose of consecra ting that edifice, and on his arrival he was conducted to the parsonage adjoining, and pre sented with the following address by the Rev. T. Moorhouse, on behalf'of the guardians :— The Right Rev. Field Flowers Goe, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne. My Lord, 'Ve, the office-bearers and members of 8t. Stephen’s Church, Rutherglen, desire to nccord you a hearty welcome to this remote part of your diocese, and trust that, with the blessing of Almighty God, you may prove to be a good and faithful shepherd, and defend the flock of Christ in this diocese of Mel bourne; nlso that you will earnestly uphold the faith ns it was once delivered to the I saints, and, like , a true successor to St. Paul, I deelaro It according to the Scriptures. We trust and pray that you and Mrs Goe may be long spared amongst us, and that the many onerous duties connected witli your high office may be more of a pleasure than a (Signed), Wm Houston Robert Burrowes Joseph Pearce Geo. Burton Wingrave ■ S. L. Davy John T. Herrin Royston Ready Henry Audley W, Burrowes, Congregation. The Bishop replied very feelingly, as follows Gentlemen,—I thnnk you for the address of welcome you have presented to me. Being a stranger among you it is very gratifying to have such a reception. Gentle men, I am as well aware ns any of you that our faith is menaced on all sides, and as you particularly refer to that, and ask mo to de fend it. I seek an interest in your prayers to assist me. Also I pray that the Great Head of the Church will grant me grace, so that I may be able to carry out the many duties de volving upon me. Again, gentlemen, I thnnk you for your kind and henrty welcome. I The CoNBEOHAriox. At 11.15 His Lordship entered tho church accompanied by the Rev. T. Moorhouse, Hr C. T. Roper,’and Mr Lambert, of Chiltern. The authorised consecration service of tho Church of England was then conducted by the Bishop, the quartette walking down the nisie of the church, and the large audience assembled joining in the responses. The deeds of the building were thru linuded to the Bishop, who signed them, and hnnde.1 them to. Mr Pearce, liia appointed deputy, with the request that they he deposited in the Registry. Morniko Service. ,‘At the conclusion of tho consecration ser vice the usual morning service was held, the preliminaries being conducted by the Rev, T. Moorhouse, aud Messrs Roper and Lambert. The communion service was also read, and dur ing Hie morning several appropriate hymns were sung by the choir, including an unthem. tlie solo portion of which wus entrusted to MisB E. Kirkup, Miss B. Graham officiating at the organ. The service having been com pleted, the Bishop entered the pulpit, and took for his text Epistle to the Ephesians 11,19, 20, 21, 22—“.Now therefore ye are no more strangers and 'foreigners, hut fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God ; And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone'; In whom all the building, fitly framed together, groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord ; In'whom ye also are huilded together for an habitation of Gud through tiie Spirit." Dining his discourse, which took the form of an address rather than a sermon, Ilis Lordship referred to the mean ing and benefits of consecration, keeping well under notice tiie wordH of the most appropriate text lie had selected. He stated that no doubt there ivoul l lie more freshness in the service hud the building been just erected, hut he un derstood that it hud been built for o'er 2U years. No doubt there had been a succession of worshippers in that time. Should he ask what is the need of consecrating the building, some would answer tlmt consecration wns needy aud ceremonial, while others would ask what is the meaning of the word consecration. He then gave a full" explanation of tiie mean ing’ of the word, stating tlmt it wos.not tlmt tiie material of the edifice was changed by the service—the brick and wood would still hear the same name, hut the uses of the building would lie strictly set apart to Divine worship. Not oven a tea- meeting would he allowed to be celebrated therein, and he. quoted the words of Scrlptiire where it is stnted that the Lord entered the temple at Jerusalem and finding those tlmt sold doves, money-changers and others, he overturned them, saying “Make not my father’s house a house of merchan dise.’’ The church wns to be free from com motion of any kind, aud when the business of the week was overall troubles of toil would be left outside, and all wcml(l enter the edifice for the purpose of ’ worshipping God, and God alone. At the conclusion of his discourse tiie rev. gentleman exhorted all present nut to he satisfied with being simply members of the church, ns many are satisfied with simply saying their prayers and following up a inure form of godliness, hut to come in true faith of the Saviour. Tiie address, wlikli was listened to without with profound interest, lasted some twenty minutes. Confirmation .Service. Tiie church was crowded to excess in the afternoon, when the holy rite of confirmation was conferred by the Bishop m some HO can didates. principally young ladies. After his Lordship had conferred the rite he delivered an excellent address to the newly ■ confirmed ns follows:—After explaining the nature of the oath they lmd taken ill pr mouricing the words, Ido, which tile learned Bishopputinthe most simple and eloquent form by reminding his candidates that they lmd tlmt day ratified the promise that had been made by their god fathers aid godmothe s at their baptism' •They lmd that .day made the solemn promise .that they would in future follow in che path ■ of virtue arid righteousness, and there wns no 'doubt tlmt it they did tills the great Father above would send his blessings to them. They had that afternoon made a choice, and God was alivuya ready to .assist them to do what j was right and to follow.his Instructions laid down in the ten commandments. Tho Bishop lmd laid his lmnd upon them tlmt afternoon to confer God’s goodness upon them, and hoped they, would all accept tlmt goodness from henceforth. There was made mention in the hook of Ruth that thero was a certain pious man named Elimelcch, of Bethlehem, when the judges ruled, and there wns .a famine in tho laud,-lie went to sojourn in the country of Muab. Kilmetccii died, and Moami Ids wife was left with her two soils, who'lii time took wires from the women of Moah by the name of Orpali nnd Ruth, and they dwelt thereabout' 10,years,.when the two sons died and tlicthreo women lived together. -4ln time the news came that the famine hail ceased in.Buthloliem, and Moami decided to return to her native country, and therefore she went forth out of the place, and her two daughters-in-law with her. She asked them would they prefer stay ing in their own land of Moab or go with her, and they replied, surely we will return with thee unto thy people. And Moomi said turn again my daughters, go your way, for I am too old to have a husband. They lifted ’ up their voices arid wept again, an J Orpali kissed her mother-in-law and' turned back ; but’ Ruth clave, onto. her.Moami said unto Ruth, be hold, thy sister-in-law has gone back unto her people, ao4 uatp j»« gods; ^etigg thou lifter thy Bister-in-law 5 and.Ruth said, v entreat mo not to leave thee.” From this it vould appear that Orpah had returned to the vickodnes3 of her people, and Ruth hndj continued to follow the path of rihtcousncsa. He would ask those who Thad given themselves that day to God, whclthey would be like? Would they follow the footsteps of Orpah back to wickedness, or thjso of Ruth along the bright road of righteousness? One of their chief helpers on the road if righteous ness was prayer. There was no nijd of great long prayers, but short earnest prayers were as good ; but they should not only] pray in the morning and eveniug, but at all times, and at mid-day they should send a short prayer to Heaven, like a little arrow going into the air He bad once been travelling in Scotland, and he noticed that all travellers carried a little book with them, which naturally was the guide book ; but the guide book of the Chris tian was the Holy Bible, and he would impress upon them the necessity of reading that precious book every day—say just a little, about ten verses, and would recommend them to commence with St. Mark, which was the simplest and easily understood. They had now renched the age that they were supposed to use their own judgment, and he hoped that all who had been confirmed would become good members of the church aud attend to their religions duties, especially the Com munion. His Lordship concluded a most able address by impressing upon all present the great necessity of following in the road of righteousness. Evening Service. A laTge congregation also assembled in the evening, the Ven. Archdeacon McCullagh, of Sandhurst, being the officiating minister. Miss B. Graham again presided at the organ, and Miss Reeve sang the anthem *• Incline Thine Ear” in a very touching manner. The rev. gentleman <ook the words of his text from Revelations XVII, 9—“ After this I beheld, and lo a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and hun dreds, and people and tougues stood before the throne, and before the Iamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands.” The revelation which was borrowed from the Jewish services was often mistaken in that book, some attributed it to a scene after a great battle, but it was evidently one of the Jewish great feasts which stood out without exception before God, There were only three great festivals under the law, and it was pro bably after une of those festivals that the text of the evening was attributed to. God intended all his children to be happy in this world and also hereafter, and mothers would not like to see their children going through the honse with sad faces and downcast looks. If people had only the love of God in their hearts they would then he able to go through the world without fear. To these three feasts were added four more, which were nevertheless sanctioned and admitted by law. The first of these was the passover, which came when the corn was beginning to form, which was cut and brought into the temple ns a gratitude. Fifty days after came the great feast of Pentecost, at which time the corn was ripened, and the farmer looked upon the pro* hable result of all his labors, which were sown in faith and rested in hope, but all fear was not gone, a lightning flash might come and destroy it while in stook, or a child might set.the stubble on fire and bring the farmer to untimely ruin. Upon the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost entered info the spirits of the disciples, and they went out into the world. Christ lmd only preached to some 500 people, yet Peter preached to over 3000 on the day of Pentecost—one had sown the seed, and the other had reaped the harvest. For a moment their, hearts wore hardened, but when Peter reminded them they could see what they lmd done. The feast of the tabernacle was when everything was green, and they wont into the forest, and cut down boughs, and the city of Jerusalem was completely turned into a forest. But there was something more than that, for at this time the Jew, who, had scat tered over many lands, turned towards home, which he had probably been away from for some time, he would be returning probably in wonderment if there lmd been a vacancy in his home, or if his d ar wife had been sick, and when they would meet outside the walls of the city there would be great rejoicin'”. During this great festival, while a Jewish priest was crossing the temple a voice broke the stillness of the people, saying, “ If any man thirst let him come unto me.” The Lord Jews had not reached the middle age of man when his face became sorrowful; but it was not crime or sorrow Dint moved the face of the Lord- Jesus, but the sorrow ho bore for the people he saw and loved. The most affec tionate hearts always sorrow the most; for instance, if anyone saw a man who had met with a sad accident they would fuel sorry at the time, and after a 111 tie time they would forget; but lot it lie a husband, a brother, or a son. then the heart would be wrung in anguish. The world was never intended for man’s natural home, hut as God wished it for him to suffer a little for a better home and the day is coming near when you will have to thank-. God for all his goodness. The law told us nothing of synagogues, ami when the temple of Jerusalem had ceased the religion of the Israelites likewise ceased. The learned gentleman continued to a great length upon Ids subject, and concluded a splendid sermon with an allusion to a most touching scene that had come under his notice, and ap pealed to all to follow that narrow path of righteousness that leads to the everlasting home. Mr C. T. Roper officiated as reader during the service. 