AMUSEMENTS. j MISS SIIERWIN'3 CONCERT.- j ihe great feature about last' night's pro- ! gramme oi music at the Opera House was iu i freshness. Though tho principal artists con cerned have now appeared" many times before a Sydney audience i'- is happily ' manifest that 1 their resources are as yet unexhausted. On Saturday the programme included ' manv j jiuiuuuin kwiiuu, uiuugu «> unduniu, U3U ueSO ' heard before .and commented upon in -| theeo column?. Las: night Miss Sherwia ! struck fresh springs of . - melody, la j Ganz'9 "Dear Bird of Winter " and Bishops' " Love haa Eyes," and of the rendering of these n fe-.v words ony be said. Ganz's ballad may be fairly described as a sweet song. The music itself is.EimDle aud tuneful, and as sung by Miss Sherwin it discloses many latent beauties which would j otherwise pass unheeded. Probably iew singers would pass successfully the ordeal of the quits unaccompanied cadenza which was sung with j such tuuefal accuracy last r.ight. Fewer still I would rival the even bird-like spontaneity of tbe j long shake which forms a feature in' the. song. I Iu Biahop'rt always grateful "Love has Eyes," I the artist's style might have served as a model of ballad staging — iu the variety of expression 1 imparted to the word?, tbe clearne-3 of the j enunciation, the absence of all straining at effect ana the delicious finish of tfig closing | phrase. Hero, al ter a shake given pianissimo, I the voice was swelled into a piano with such .1 well-judged skill as to give to the liatecot I a strange sense of musical and artistic 1 completeness. The house was enthusiastic, I and after much solicitation, the artist gave I with inimitable archuess aod spirit, "Ths j Dashing White Sergeant." 1 Herr Joliauu Rhode was best heard in varia- j tion.s on " The Last Rose of Summer," given aa I au encore to Sarasate's "Gipsy Dance?."' To 1 the Irish air, the artist, who appeared oil tha stage solus, piaved his own accompaniment, | sustaining the solo part with a network of bar- I monioua sound, which was given witly-'sach I smoothness aa to justify the expression that it I seemed " to flow from his lingers' tip?." ' This I new contribution to the artist's inclusive reper toire is all the more welcome because tho 1 variations make music, and uro not simply a j means of displaying technical skill.. Herr I Rhodes gave another new number in Paganitu's 1 "Perpetuum Mobile," but although the artist I pursued the strain with flying finger? which | never tired, to the critical inequalities of tono I were apparent which prevented the item being I included amongjt his best. As an encore I Rail's Cavatina was well played. .Mr. W. I Walslio sang "When thou art near" (Sullivan) I aud Signor Lenciont sang "CintCiu." - The I curtain thereafter rose upon a charm- I ing " set" for the garden scne (Act III.) of I 41 Faust." Iu this Miss Amy Sherwin gave an I impersonation of Marguerite very remarkable I for tender and modest grace. Fair and youth- I ful in appearance, Miss Sherwia displayed aa 1 unusually natural and feeling knowledge of the I chat actor, and from this point of view is to be 1 congratulated upon a rendering which rivalB any I thai we have seen, whether here or eiaewhere/Thiit I the part was well sung goes without Saving and I the character stamp. our Australian singer ai nil actress of unusual merit. Mias Acton Blair, I looking remarkably well ill her suit oi sapphire I blue, gave a good ruudering o: the fl'owerVoag I and appeared also as Murta. Mr/ W. Yiabh-j I was over weighted a Faint, and Signer Lea- cioni, as Mephistopheles, so burlesqued, tbe grand "Invocation" as to reader it? emission I on any future occasion highiy (h'sirab.e. . A I varied programme is announced for to-night ia our advertising columns. I The Misses Joran will appear for. tbe last lima I in Sydney to-night, when, iu connection with Mddle. Ahlini, a first-class programme will' be gone through at the Y.M.C.A.-hall. I The Acaaetny of Music will be re-opened oa Saturday night', when "The Original Professor I Pepper's Ghost" will make its appearance, with all the startling effects, as produced. >ia London. I Mr. Robert Kennedy opens for the first lime . in Syduev on Monday evening nctft at tbe I Protestant-hall in "A nicht wi' the Jaco- bites." I Our Newcastle correspondent wires J'Misj Carrie Swain opeued here ou Saturday nigh; ia 'Tomboy.' The house on that occa»iuu and last night was packed from floor tq ceiling." A skating rink was opened in the Assembly Rooms at the Victoria Theatre, Parrauiatta, yesterday afternoon. Tickets for the opening were by invitation, and a large and represpau live gathering assembled. In tbe absence of the Mayor and member for the town, Mr. C. B. Cairnes formally opened the link and. thanked those present ou behalf of the company Skating was then indulged in, many laaies aud gentlemen taking part. During the afternoon exhibitions in fancy skating were given by Messrs, A. Hughes aud F. Gould. Tbe roomu 80ft. by 32ft. Gin., and the floor is laid on India- rubba bearings. An orchestra varied , the pro ceedtags by selections during the afternoon 