ACTA POPULLi BT THB FliANETTB. ' ? -All tlio shelves, . The faithless winds, Wind roclcs, and sinking sands, Aro women all ! ttxe wreak of wretched man. ^^ Our troubles are increasing fast— crowding around ? us day by day— covering us close with the inky pall of gathering gloom, and, as the soulful poet sadly sings— 'It's all on account of Eliza.' The fiat has gone forth that thcro is only room for one sex in this craraped-up world or ours, auu uuau »c^ is, of course, the irrepressible female. The Hen Convention has assembled, and the resolutions unanimously passed are: 1. 'That the earth is the Lord's.' 2. ' That the Lord has given the earth as a heritage to his saints.'5 3. ' That we, the women of the earth, are the saints referred to.' Therefore, that miserable male insect, man, must go, and the business of the world will in future be carried on by his wife. So mote it be. The time was when Nature shuddered when she saw a woman attempting to throw a stone ; and whenever a woman started off to split wood Nature would eover her head and retire to a dark and moulder ing cave in temporary despair. That happy time has for ever gone. There is nothing too sacred or great for woman 'to tackle now. Only last week I mourned over the awful fact that a Melbourne woman had clutched a platform rail and proposed a candidate for municipal honour— or infamy, I forget which— and to-day I read that three women have been arrested in the same city for burglary. This is the latest avenue opened by which women may earn an honest livelihood ; but it is a terrible thing for us unfortunate men to ponder over. When one wakes at midnight's silent hour and finds a hulk ing fellow, 'jemmy' in hand, going through the bedroom, furniture by the aid of a dark lantern, one has the satisfaction of knowing that he can either shoot him on the spot, or scare him to death by asking in a deep sepulchral tone, ' Who's there ?' but with a female burglar these things could not be thought of for a moment. In the first place, you couldn't shoot a female burglar even if you tried. The heart and other vital organs of Mrs. Wilhelmina Sykes are covered with corsets, tapes, pads, sawdust, steel, &c;, consequently it would be a sinful waste of am munition to shoot at any part of her excerpt her head and limbs, and no gentleman would ever dream of doing that. Then again he couldn't think of being so exceedingly rude as to question a lady to whom he had never been formally introduced, and the chances are that if he did forget himself, and venture to remark that the police were coming, Mrs. Sykes might cuttingly remark, ' Sir, I do not remember that we have ever met before,' and then, after withering him with a scornful glance, she would sweep out of the room and declare she was 'grossly insulted.' It would be just as awkward to take it easy and allow her to rummage round as she pleased without interruption, because when the gentle ' jenirny' wielder had packed up the swag, common courtesy would compel the male victim to offer to see her home and carry her bundle for her also. If he didn't offer to do this he would be told he was ' no gentleman,' and ifhe did offer to do it, ' the wife of his bosom would tangle her hand in his hair, and for the next half h our or so he would have a deep-rooted idea that he was try ing to ride a bare-backed New Zealand earthquake. This is no place for a man to live if women are allowed to play the part of the midnight burglar. Painfully apropos of the above is the fact that Sir Henry Parkes appears to be turning traitor to his poor defenceless sex, and attempting to play the sorry role of Antony to quite a number of designing Uleopatras here. The Woman's Fund in aid of the dear old man has been so suc cessful that the committee have now on hand no less than 700 smoking caps, 20 dozen cigar cases, 87 dressing gowns, and 90 gross of fancy suspenders collected ; and as for carpet slippers, he couldn't wear the lot out even if he had as many feet as a neat of centipedes, and lived for 17,000 years. In return for this the grateful old darling has just declared that one of the first things he intends to do is to ' ask Par liament to give the elective franchise to the ? women of this country.' As it is shown that women have already turned burglars, it is diffi cult to see what necessity there is for them to turn politicians as well. No good ever comes from doing things by halves, and therefore, tbe better plan would be to go the entire swine at once, and let the women fill all the positions now held by men, while the latter stay at home and bottle-feed the babies, patch up the old clothes, and put in the rest of the time reading hogwash novels, and condoling with the fellow next door over the shameful hours their spouses keep, and the dreadful smell of cheap tobacco and stale fusel-oil that hangs round their heads when they roll home at 4 a.m., and exclaim— ' Shorl ri% ma dear ole man ; awfully bishy all day, an' — hie — I'm goin' buy yer a new hat fo' Shunday.' What Parliament should do, if ever Sir 'Enry brings up liis senseless proposal is to shave his head and treat him to a spell in a lunatic asylum, for although there may be a few ' strong-minded ' women who hanker after a seat in the Senate, still every true woman must look upon the doting Premier's proposal as the outcome of a bad attack of brain-softening. The three tailoresses of Tooley-strcet who are now urging on his new fad are not exactly all the women of Australia, and the sooner our amorous old Knight wakes up to this fact the better. Now that the reredos row is cooling down, our religious brethren who 'kick with the other foot,' as the saying goes, are worrying them selves baldheaded over another equally momen | tuous question, viz. — whether it is lawful or not I to ride to church in trams on the Sabbath day ? The time will probably come when the doubt will be raised as to whether it is lawful to even die and go to heaven on Sunday ; but in the mean while, the tram trouble will be quite enough to wrangle over as it stands at present. The old argument that the apostles did not ride in trams has bean duly hauled along, i but then there are quite a nnmccr of other ! things which the apostles never did, and yet we, the worthy followers of them, take a wild delight in doing. It doesn't pay to follow too closely on the lines of the early Christians, because they enjoyed very few of the great ad vantages which we revel in. to-day, and it is just as well to bear in mind the poetic reminder that — ! John P. Robinson, he Says they didn't know everything Down in Judee. They certainly did not, and perhaps we couldn't lose much if we were not quite so wonderfully clever as we are either. Trams, by the way, must- have something un . godly in their composition, £or they once caused a little breeze to spring- up between two of our own eminent divines. Father Dan O'Keefe, of St. Paul's, Dublin, was very fond of taking a day's outing to some romantic spot or another, and in journeying to and fro he always made it a point to ride on the top of the cars. The Vicar General, afterwards Cardinal M'Cabes was some what shocked at this, and at Ia3t wrote a quiet little note to his ' Deas O'Keefe,' sug gesting that in future it would be ad visable to take a lower seat and ride inside. Father O'Keefe, who was a bit of a wag in hia way, was not in the the lea,st disturbed by this delicate hint, but promptly wrote back to say, 'DearM'Cabe, — I have often seen you on the top of a horse. Be concistent. Next time you go out for a ride get inside the animal.' ' Dear M'Cabe' admitted he couldn't play to tha,t, and Father O'Keefe was allowed to straddle hi?, top-seat perch in peace for ever after. Father Tom Burke was another divine who had a great weakness for roosting high up in the cars, and one day he chanced while riding on top of a crowded car to pull out his Breviary, and read a little. While he was doing so, the evil genius of a rabid Evangelical lay preacher prompted him take a fall out of the great Dominican, and in a withering tone he called out, ' Father Burke, the Lord tells us that when you pray you should, not be as the hypocrites who love to pray in public, and at the corners of streets, that they may be seen by men. Now, when I pray, I enter niy room, and when I have shut the door, I pray to the Lord in secret.' ' Just so,' replied Father Tom, ' and then you climb on top of a tram and tell everyone all about it.' Touching the Centennial Celebration, Premier Parkes has simply stolen Sir Patrick Jennings's thunder, and spilt a great deal of it as he came along as well. There was something colossal about Sir Patrick's fourteen days' ''drunk' which commanded a certain amount of .respect, but Sir 'Enry's will be about as mean an affair as a ' Kentucky shout,' in which every man pays for his owa drink. The -asual spontaneous banquet will, of course, be held; the blind, ike deaf, and the lame from, all parts will be rounded up to attend, and to the intense disgust of Dawvid, the only Australian, orator, the speech of the dav will be delivered by our grand old Muddler, who will hold the post of honour, supported on the right by his friend Macnamaxa, of the Montpelier Estate, and on the left by the old Kiama Ghost. A dog-and-monkey show will be held on land, and our lovely harbour will be the scene of a new sensation called a boa,t race. The loading scien tists of the world will be invited to trot along', at their own expense, and open the Bondi Sewer, after which the Paddington poet will recite a Cain-raising ode which he is now busy brewing for the'auspicious occasion. A grand bonfire will be made of the Insolvency Court and its records ; n, coinage of half farthings to enable the people to subscribe to the Imperial Institute Fund will be struck, and all promissory notes, bills of sale, and the like will be officially declared to be null and void from that joyful hour. A monster tiger hunt will bo organized by Bajah Inglis ; rabbit coursing will be started by Frawneis Abigail ; and all the city fountains will run with colonial beer supplied free by the greatest Postmaster- General that ever licked a stamp or tied a knot in red tape. No religious service of any kind will be allowed, on that day., because the colony's prosperity is solely to be attributed, not to Providence, but to Parkes j and, in short, the whole rejoicings will be in honour of that immortal hero principally ; for with out his unerring guidance the land would long ere this have slithered away into everlast ing chaos. Such will be our Centenary Carnival, if our Grandolernan Premier isn't prematurely cut off by a heavy frost. I was always aware of the glorious fact that Australia is the greatest country in the world ; but it was not until I had read the speech of the President of the Medical Congress, recently held, that I discovered it was a great deal more so. Dr. Verco, the President alluded to, says : ' In Australia we have diseases which are com paratively rare in European countries. Hydatid disease is not met with at every turn, and the medical men here should be teachers to their fellows at the antipodes, instead of learners. Australia is the home of ptygeriurn, and the disease opens up a field for original invesbigation. What, too, is ' Barcoo ' — a British physician has never seen a case of that mysterious disease and knows little of it. An interesting field of obser vation has been opened up in connection with filaria disease — the tracing to mosquitoes of a number of serious tropical diseases.' Premier Parkes was therefore right — we have nothing to learn irom England after all, at least, in the way of such cheerful commodities as hydatid diseases. Our place is to teach, not to learn ; we aro the wise men of the earth, and when we go to Parkes's deadhouse wisdom will be in the same box with us. We have evidently hidden our light under a tub too long. Aland that is the home of ptygerium should be the first flower of the earth, first gem of the sea, and the next time Dan O'Connor applies the compliment to any other land he should be tied to a post and the patriotic women of Australia should whip him to death with stay-laces. (I don't know exactly what a ptyge rium is, but it sounds like a first-class word to pelt at a goat or an offensive politician.) Then again, what other land but ours can boast of the great, the glorious, the inimitable ' Barcoo'? There is really no other ' Barcoo' in the world, fellow Australians, but ours. No other brand is genuine. Take it home to your wife, as the patent medicine ads. say, and if you haven't got a wife of your own, take it home to the wife of the man next door. Look again, at our virgin forest of filaria disease, and those advance agents of our medical men and undertakers, the energetic and indefatigable mosquito. Watch him as he graily goes from house to house with his drayload of filaria, dropping it like the gentle dew of heaven, on the just and unjust alike, and singing as blithely by the way as a painter who is paid by the day on a Government job. The wonder is that we condescend to stay on this measly old world at all, instead of annexing the Milky Way and setting up business for ourselves ; but it is oar innate modesty that keeps us here, and when the next globe-trotter says we ' blow,' let him be taught that he is blaspheming against the marvellous land of the ptygerium, and the home of the invincible ' Barcoo.' While we are arranging for our great Cente nary splurge it would be a happy thought to club together and erect three mud statues for those far-seeing benefactors of the Australian race, the men who first introduced us to the Scotch thistle, the rabbit, and the wrong sparrow. These men are daily remembered in our prayers, of course^ but the popular feeling is that something more should be done for them, and it certainly would be done too if we could only lay our hands on the right men. The sparrow and thistle work too unobtrusively to call for much comment ; but as even the gigantic brain of our Minister for Mines is 'obfuscated' by the rollicking rabbit, the man who first imported him should have the largest share of the reward. As a sample of how our scut-tailed friend is thriving the record of the recent Teryawynnia (Wilcanuia) case is worth reading. The owners of this station, Messrs Wynne and Tuille, were lately summoned for not increasing their rabbit-routing army to the number of 180 men, and amongst the items for the defence we find that during the month of June -£7743 were spent in the unequal warfare j the result being that over half a million rabbits were killed, and about 25 millions came along to assist at the funerals of their friends. The station-holders were fined ,£17 odd, and this so disgusted them that they have submitted an offer to the Government to reduce by 75 per cent, the rabbits on their run, vrifchin six months from date, for the sum cf ,£3000, and they make this oiler with the knowledge that during the past three years it has cost the coun try ,£18,000, and the owners ,£6000, the results being highly satisfactory to — the rabbits. If this game isn't speedily stopped the question about the Chinese going need not trouble us any longer, for it is clearly evident that we must soon go ourselves. When read by the side oil the above there is a par. in a recent London paper which clearly proves that the festive rabbit is not too impartially spread upon the earth. In a certain country part of England the wives of three suspected poachers were lately arrested, and on being searched it was found that they had slung 27 rabbits on the inside of that mysterious implement of female finery called the 'bustle.' These enterprising ladies wore in the habit of collecting all the bunnies their husbands tiapped, but bein° snared themselves, the gentlemen got 12 month's to ' limbo,' and the ladies with the exaggerated ' improvers ' were treated to six. The lesson to be learnt from this would seem to be that the quickest and surest way to wipe the rabbits out Vould be to make the killing of them punishahlo by law. Stolen apples are the sweetest, and so great is the amount of pure ' cussedness ' in our nature, that if the rabbits were protected they would be wiped out in 12 months as effectually as if they were all bagged aud soaked for a month at the bottom of our lovely harbour. Brother Frawncis might give this plan a, trial, and if it succeeds he can send round the ,£25,000 so that we can bring out the Freeman in letters of wold on satin like one of K. B. Smith's spontaneous banquet programmes. 