THE ?.3IS$QP'8 GHOST-A TRUE STORY. During the hot summier of 1874, the Bishop of Chichester was waked in his palaee at four o'clock one morning, by the opening of thedoor of his bed-chamber, when a female figure, all in white, entered and sat down at a small table near to his bedside. The prelate, who protested afterwards that he was not fright ened, demanded in' a tone of authority: 'Who are you ?' Not a word of reply. The presence heaved a profound sigh, but would not speak, The Bishop then pulled the bell cord, which hung within reach, but the ser vants at that hour were sound asleep that nobody heard the alarm. He repeated the question-this time persuasively; still no answer, only a repetition of the deep sigh. Then the apparition took a packet of papers from its bosom ; laid it on the table, where papers of the bishop's were lying ; opened it and began to overlook the different docu ments. At length, when the prelate had rang, and rang, and rang, without answer of any kind, the spectre, without so much as having winked at his frantic efforts to arouse assistance, quietly gathered up its papers, I and returned them to its bosom ; then solemnly arose,. and departed as sedately as it had entered. When the servants at length appeared,.the. bishop demanded of them what they had seen. 'Seen my lord .' 'Aye-whom have you seen ? Who is the woman that has been here T' ' Woman, my lord - In short, when his lordship had told of his vision, his domestics were firmly of opinion that he had been dreaming. And when he appeared before his family ii the morning and told the wonderful story, they all said he must have been dreaming. But they were to think differently-when an aged nurse came down from her chamber, with pale face and wide-open eyes, eager to know if all was well with his lordship. She said she had been called up, towards morning by her patient (a girl sick with fever, whom she was nursing) and had gone down into the kitchen after some gruel she had left there on the hob. On her way back she had seen a tall, deathly- looking figure-apparently a female-robed all in white, coming out of his i lordship's bed-chamber. The figure's arms were folded over its bosom, and it sighed as though in pain and distress, or in agony of spirit. And now the thing became real and start ling. The work went abroad, and the whole town was thrown into excitement; and there is no telling where it would have ended, nor in what fashion the good bishop would have put it on record, had not the mystery been cleared off in the following very simple manner : One day-a week after the appearance of the ghost-the keeper of a private mad-house in the neighbourhood of Chichester, called upon his lordship for the purpose of return ing a paper, which he was satisfied belonged to him, and which he-the keeper-had found in possession of a poor crazy woman who was under his charge. Said he, in ex planation : 'She is a harmless creature, who thinks that relatives have robbed her of the estates. She has a lot of papers, which she guards re ligiously, as being her title deeds. These papers she carries in her bosom, ever and anon referring to them, and sighing over her sorrows. On that warm night, my lord, your people have left a door open; she had wandered away from our asylum ; and she must have entered your house, and opened her packet of papers in such a position that she took this document of yours utp by acci dent. She would never have done it inten tionally.' And so the mystery was solved; and the good bishop was very thankful that he could for evermore safely declare that the visit of his ghost was not a dream. mu m umu • m, mm nml 