Items. Cold. Inquest. Weather cold. Football match. Jubilee concert. Three tea-fights. On Tuesday next. Queen's Birthday. Street planting all finished. Season still most promising. Third cup competition to- morrow. Mr. Cave's offer largely availed of. Serious colliery strikes in Belgium. The Bulli Mine has resumed working. Another fatal accident from playing football. Jubilee demonstrations on the Peninsula. S.A. Bonds advancing in price in London. TheSonth-Eastem leases are withdrawn from sale. Send in your contributions to the Mayor's Fund. Public holiday next Tuesday. Record office dosed. Payment of members likely to be carried in Sydney. Plenty of public attractions on Queen's Birthday. Samoa and Tonga are likely to be annexed by Hawaii. There is likely to be an autumn session of the Commons. Someheavy insolvenciesin the other colonies. Is their coming ? Quite a crop of correspondence over Mr. Wayland's letter. A new torpedo said to surpass the Brennan has been invented. June 20th and 21st to gazetted Government and Bank holidays. Departures from Port Adelaide last week, 211 : arrivals, 182. Those who have not paid their taxes are liable for penalties. Mr. Cave has given away over six hundred chrysanthemum roots. An offer of .£20,000 has been refused for a racehorse in England. Heavier rains have fallen in the Hallett dis trict than we have had. Excursion tickets at single fares on the rail ways for the Exhibition. Last Saturday was the last day for paying the land and income tax. All the railway sidings and station yards in the colony to be planted. The Burra Company had a good rehearsal for the review last Wednesday. A great rush of visitors to the Exhibition expected about the end of July. Every volunteer who possibly can should attend the review next Tuesday. One thousand acres of Bundaleer Forest Reserve to be planted with trees. Five Nihilists executed, who were concerned in the attempt on the life of the Czar. Mounted infantry to be at the review. They are said to look like a lot of brigands. ' Jubilee Avenue' work to be commenced as soon as the money begins to come in. Father Cniniquy is said to have died, first returning into the Roman Catholic Church. Two thousand five hundred prisoners in the gaols of New South Wales on December -list last. The so-called 'desert' seems to be some of the best land about, and very suitable for small holdings. The S.A. Alliance counts it says, twice as many supporters in the New Assembly than it had in the last. Mr. JW. E. Sheridan, the well known A~nerican tragedian, died in Sydney on Wed nesday morning, Mr. J. D. Custance is applying for the posi tion of principal of the Dookie Agricultural College, Victoria. The filthy condition of the Yarra is being discussed in Melbourne, and steps will be taken to purify the river. Mr. Cave has sent chrysanthemum roots to Adelaide, Kapunda, Jamestown and Terowie, beside all round here. The Cradock ghost still causing some excite nient,'and no satisfactory clue has yet been found to account for it. The Umberumberkaconcentratingmachinery was stared on May :8th in the presence of a large party of gentlemen. Mr. Kethel, a Sydney M.P., has according to Hansard, an opinion that Adelaide is a miserable measly sort of place. Mr. C. Aldred, caretaker -of a Wesleyan Church in Victoria, claims to succeed an estate in England worth £3,000,000. The Northern Territory has many wants and if they are not supplied, its greatest want is separation from South Australia. A French army corps being about to be mobilised, the German press demands similar action by the German Government. Another proposal to lease a large area in the 90-Mile Desert to an English syndicate at threepence per acre, with right of purchase at ios. A railway cutting through the ymberum berka mine property has disclosed the presence of a lode ten feet wide assaying 2,000 oz. of silver to the ton. . A difficulty has arisen which may prevent Chaffey Bros, carrying out their Victorian scheme. The N.S.W. Government object to the water being taken from the river. Seven millions of umbrellas are made annually in the United States. It is a little over 100 years since Jonas Hanway was laughed at by his friends and the public for carrying the first about with him in London. A young man named George Pegley 17, highly commended for his forethought in rush ing to Prahran station to stop the express train nearly due, but arrived only in time to see it pass on to such destruction as particulars of late accident show. This colony shows the following exports during the first four months of the present year :— Eggs, £8,621 ; butter, £342 ; fresh fruit, .£7,889 ; leather, .£11,751 : jam and preserves, £7,807 ; soap, £2,836 ; wine, £6,739; bark, £38,474; S.A. gold, £38,053. The final report of the Royal Commission for the conservation of water was laid before the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. The report explains that in providing with the Vic torian authorities for the utilisation of the Murray waters, it was not sought to infringe on any rights which South Australia might be deemed to equitably possess. A conference of representatives of the three colonies issuggested as soon as Mr. Dealdn, President of the Vic torian Commission, returns from London. The question was one which demanded imme diate consideration, for although a large part of the Marray is within the geographical boun daries of New South Wales, Victoriahasalready entered upon schemes for intercepting the flow of her principal tributaries to the Murray, and has assumed the right to grant to Messrs. Chaffey Brothers power to divert from the main stream an indefinite supply to carry on irriga tion operations over a large tract of land in Victoria. South Australia is also dealing with die matter exclusively from the point of view of her own interests, and in our colony the large landed properties are exercising their power of appropriating the water of several of. the principal rivers without permission or re gulation by the constituted authorities. 