.. yield Naturalists' Visit to King's 111 Island. fj. Melbourne iu the Lady Loch, and as the \VE L ETT wjj at our chief scientific member called '' v were all sea-sick. There were twenty- '"'fls all told- \- ovt£l"" ea arme( * witl1 £ uns > P ocket Pistols, pisto etc. Oologists Bottonusts... Taxidermists Ratesermists OjncliologwtB Old BufleriBts Miscellaneous 2 8 2 2 2 2 6 2 Total 26 two sportsmen in addition to the eight L . tg Were very bad, and their dismal cries of, • 1 S o steward—bur—bub—basin," were most 1 However, all things have an end, and 11 sttlie oologists had thrown up everything they hit possessed of—even their billets—and we were j n'e sot on to King's Island in a very mixed t and very limp, but our spirits were soon 1)V the splendid opportunities at once ded us of examining the habits of the Leper F These little creatures were caught by the taxitirists with weapons made by Nature and L ked hy the combined skill of the oologists and Esenmsts. 1 hey were pronounced as belonging I dedly to Tasmania by the dark mark down V- backs and on their quarters. One of the Fcbaioeists was succeessful at first shot to capturc iLis Arteritis (bulldog ant). He sat down OH a kt of them, and almost immediately sprang in le air announcing his capture of a rare specimen, be of the bottoinists relased the conchologist and It the interesting little creature in a box out of Inns' way. This capture at once put us in good Irits, and we went after other things with a greater •Nature has been lavish with her creations on this (j and lias put many ol her simplest works , together. For instance, in one pool we rt 1 . Halmaturus Phalanjista paradoxus (Egilalitis rufibapilla unicula Hirundo lencogaster Collyriocynela Flabelliformis longicanda chrysommie Gvaucubos zosteiops coerulsscens 1'aclycephala olivacea parvirostris Flaviventris sericorms p'atycerus ill playing about together in the most amicable [tit, just like members of Parliament at the end the session, IE the day was hot some of the party took to iing, and they saw some very fine sharks, but lydxi not capture any. ] t was a beautiful sight •e the ooioeistB watching these monsters of the i through their microscopes when the sharks ?eafe out of reach. Dinner-time at last came, the conchologists gave us h' very nice meal. mm was as follows :— Mage a la tarantata, I'oisson tie Sweet William entrees, illack beetles a la maitre d'hotcl. Centipedes au naturel, Koast sand-hoppers. Boiled earth-worms. Mhisrattling feed we toasted ourselves in some Its of wine, in which the specimens had found a E,and were as jolly as sand-flies. The next these insects had us up early, and, armed with jets and boxes, we started out for a good day's Our chief bottomist in going through a swamp soon captured a dozen fine leeches, which to liim as if they had known him all their By the aid of a little salt we induced our lirtto let go the leeches, and we finally secured a,with an ounce of our botanist's blood inside i of them. We intend to send them to Parlia- [for exhibition, in order to show members how H to anything they get their hands on, which pent they do not seem to be able to do. kards raid-day we fell in with a rabbit, and T"ty made a determined effort to capture it, without success. We deplored our loss. s e of their scarcity in Victoria, and the the sight of one of them would give to the •s. Our sportsmen fired at it, but as they | TTF J put in any shot, they did not do much % One of us had brought Mr. Mirams' tariff Mo kill the snakes with, and it was most a '- All that was necessary, was to sit down Jakes resort open at any page and commence The snake not only came out of his hole ; ^t at once summoned all his family and ®s to the scene, and they all at once gave ghost. The report was tried on some of the >®d had the same effect. Indeed, it was so that wc had to put it away, or we should "M most of the fauna on the island. The reminds me of the stag 1 ', which were in lD c e on all parts of the island. Our chief •ogist tried to catch some, by'putting . »eir tails, but he was not successful, d «ubt, to the dampness of the salt, or .%to - the ...o want of - speed - in • our couchologist, 1.-1— te d It , g f r; and scant of breath. One of the oologists [|'., he running, but he fell into a hole, and Fdermists had to pick him out and clean j Uur sportsmen were very useful ; they J away right and left, and although they li t ° f U ' s in flesb y P arts they did great P « various times, when they were able to f^ough, which they did about once a day ; Indeed, that their victim was never seeu P alar ming incident took place late in the AN I 1 - TJ- 11 an Irak ool °gist and a conchologist. It Ifim tiful B flafc - The oologist, it app< I, rst i and went for it. with his not. net. The also saw it, and used his finger and f a ght ensued, and during the scuffle escaped. This so enraged the oologist |J? tlie conchologist an insect name, only U gn persons. The conchologist retaliated, M ™>y tint to his insect word. This k * i t " e Party that at dinner the centi- ' a *ay untasted. {To continued.) 