AQUATICS. GAUDAUR DEFEATED BY -HANLAN. (Rotter's Telegram.) \- . N&w; Yosjl .Saturday. t -The aeoond rate Between- Hanlan. and Gaodaqr-for tbe ScalllBg Oftaroplondjip of- Anerica,' waa; rowed on . Co« Tnllroan coarse taday( and resulted Ira "Yidfoty fur Hftnlaii. Tbe wee, wbicb wu tareo inflea, was rowed In temio. £2eec.. thetaro oortmen finishing on Rubostoreo tern In »e/oourae bl tae axlcb -Gmdanr. jkm dttaUed. The race, wftieh nu rowed an tbe dark, 4s regarded as » complete fife, According to a cable message pnUiabed to-' MrouJoy UMdanondGrttzdattriiavocoiredcsioe more (or tbe ampionsfaip of Axri erica, and this time toe ex-champioa lmi. defeated fata doughty . opponent. The . uneatiafactoiy port etthe uFMr it that (Hp particulara sent over tbe wire compel ns to tbe eonctasion (bat no idea a to tho relative merits of tbe two men isto he obtained from this race. . On the.pre- Tious occasion Gandaar woredownand beat the Toronto man; bat this tune, thcnigb Hanlan was Tletorions, the two ineo came in on almost level term though Gondonr war 4 disabled" daring the race. Unless -it was that Hanlan Amply paddled in alter hts opponent's mishap, we are at a loss to conceive now it was that Gandaur conld get bo near him in his " disabled" condition. Again tbe race we are told was rowed In the dark, , and thetroe occupied. 20min. 32eec., was Unconscionably, long. Altogether, therefore, the raco affords no time to be used in estimating' tbe dmiw <j either Hanlan jot Gaudanr against" Beach when tbey visit Australia Ufixt summer. .Of the champion, we know be is a etsriing scalier who rows straight shd re- "aires a vast amount of beating. The tridn «nd ways of American senllera are perplexing <o the Australian mind.- Perhaps the two oatoha between Haiils1 and Gaudaar have 1 «en bought off tostill farther bvystify the corn-, -talks. Scratch fours of the Melbourne City Club \- -<cre rowed on Saturday week, with the follow- Jig results : — First Heat.— -J. Horns) (tr),Tait, dtatson, Walker, v. W. Davis (tr), Mac- iloogdli Howe, Bhclbilm. Good race, Homal winning by a length. Second Heat. — 'V Mortay fntrLVoight, ftoott, Chrirty, v.- A. ' Villiuras (etr), Warriner, Son1tliorp& Shariic. j'ine raee ; won by A. Williarno. Final.— A. Horns), v. A. Williams. Won by Williams cfter a good race. Alebbt Hahw puts himself on record as Idllows:— 1 "I consider Gaudaur to he oucof tho finest scullers I have ever soen in a boat, but , not quite up to Hanlan iu stylo and finish. I j think be is stronger than Nod. hut not so natural a sculler. -Don't be surprised to learn that Gaudttur reaches tho turning scale ahead of Hsnlan. Hob faster tiito a ghost. Bat tho work -will tell On him more than on Ned, and I , look w» «eo- Hanlan. with his. superior finish, . take tlie lead front JAkh "at nboet the crid of two piiles. Tt will 'he one of the greatest races evfer rowed, and iftheiiinn both coma towiej joist in good condition and well boated, it will Ui; worth gomd many miles to see. T thihk Nod ' will have n shode tllu'best of it at the finish. TltKDukoof Beaufort has withdrawn the motion which ho had given notice to projKWO at tin last mooting of the Jockey Club, but which was postponed for consideration at the meeting Line held nl Nowmwket (wriuw the London fytarlsinan). Its terms were, as follow : — 4,Tiiat Mcasrs. WeAthcrby and clerks of courscw who receive nominatiaiis for handiuajiR. shall neither publirii them, ucr inform anyono of tho names of tho horses entered; that they shall merely give tho number of- entries ; mid that the names be not revealed or published until tho weights come out.1' Americau despatches state that Willie Bock with arrived in Kew York, on tlie 25tU April, occomjianied by Win." Taylor and Gspt. Paul lloyton. Bockwith stated that ever tinco he went to America (four years ago) lie received several challenge, but with the ex ception of tlilny, whom lis defeated, not a single challenge has como to tho scratch, llu was ready to swim any man living for any sum, from 109 dol. to 20,000 do!s. a side, from ouc buudred yardrf to one hundred miles, and to make tlie field still wider, be would ewiiu go- as«yo®-ideasc or bind himseU to use any ticular stroke to which his op)oi:cnt will restrict himself. . Irvine FiBber, a student in Yale College, has sitae Aii.improvemout ia rowing appnratus tb&t; h&sbeeii; used by (he members of the Uni versity crew with satisfactory results. Tt faithfully records each stroke taken by the oarsman. It somewhat resembles the instru ment that may befoujidjn a meteorological re cord room for .determining tbe velocity and direction of tbe wind by a pencil or a moving drum of paper. On the sine of the recording modjina ia an upright cylinder, which con tains an ordinary lead pencil, whicli is kept pressed fljgsinst a slip, of paper passing over the centre drum by a weak coil spriuir encircling the cylinder and terminating in a cap which covers tbo top of tho pencil. The movement of the pencil is made by the shifting of a slide which is connected by a wire with ft flap at the end of the oar blade. Then when power is ap plied, tlie pressure of tbe water on the flap causes it to give, and the wire attached pulls out a slide on the machine. At the same time making a pencil mark on tho strip of paper. The invention indicates too comparative strength of. differcut .oara- jneo, contributiug a plain and sure xfethod of selecting the- better ntan. There always: has been more or less doubt as to who Bhould 1 be the last man or two in a oollege crew, and this contrivance is alleged to solve tho diffi culty. Many oarsmen have tbe faculty of de ceiving spectators as to their row ing efficiency, bub this machine will show exactly where the strength and proper rowing lies. Tt indicates tho form or type of stroke pulled, and enables a rower to correct himself, as well as to be corrected by the coach or trainer, when a particular ' style or stroke has been decided on, every one of the crew can be made to copy- it: Ex- perieneed oarsmen have examined tbe record, and they prouoance it to bo an excellent thing to show the powers of the oarsmen. 