MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. THE RUSSIAN ARMY.-The Russian conscription for the pi osent year will comprehend 235,000 men. The effective of the army on a peace footing is 82l-,7Ü2 me'n, behind which is a reserve of 1,000,815, making a total of 2,125,577 soldiers. Add to these a militia of 2,100,000. and it would appear the Czar could set four millions and a half of trained men in motion in the» event of war. But where the money would como from is another question. The German bankers will not look at a Russian loan, and even in Paris the attempt to float one has been unsuccessful. A very sad accident, unhappily attended with fatal results, occurred (Bays the Forbes Times) at Mr. Gotenby's Burra Burra station on Sunday last. A young mau named Arthur Jones, nineteen years of age, and son of Mr. R. D. Jones, Inspector of Stock at Condobolin, wan engaged on the station and was in the habit of carrying firearms for the purpose of shooting wild dogs in the bush. It is supposed that he was engaged looking after his weapons, when Mr. Burgess, the manager, who had been out for a drive, found the poor young fellow lying on his right side quite dead, with a bullet mark a little above the right ear and a correspond- ing mark on the other side of the head. An inquest was held before Mr. Coroner Stevenson on Tuesday. Medical evidence showed that the bullet had passed through the head severing the brain. There was not the slightest reason to suppose that the wound was other than purely accidental, mid a verdict was returned accordingly. His remains were taken to Condobolin, where they were interred on Wednesday. The funeral was a very large one, as Mr. Jones and his family are universally re- spected there. The Rev. Josoph Tarn, while out shooting hares on Wednesday afternoon about three miles from Parkes was surprised to find thit he had bagged a rabbit. He Btates that ho saw several other rabbits the same afternoon. The rev. gentleman believes that he has been the first to shoot a rabbit in the Parkes district. Emus (says the Forbes Times) are reported to be exceedingly numerous *' out back" this year, the proportion of young birds being something quite out of the common. An accident occurred on Sunday afternoon on the tramway lino at Silverton, causing the death of a man named Dennis Blake, a labourer employed by the tramway company. He was riding up from the border'to see some of his mates, and was sitting on the side of one of the trucks, which is contrary to the regulations. Coming down the incline the tram jerked, and he was thrown out. Two trucks went over him, causing instantaneous death. An engine driver named Hamilton was killed in the Berry No. 1 mino Victoria on Monday by a plank falling down the shaft and striking him on the head. Death was instantaneous. The premises of Mr. James Prior, who occupied a farm at Golden Valley, near Jamberoo, were on Saturday evening, the scene of a fire that resulted in the death of one of Mr. Prior's children. It appears that Mrs. Prior placed her infant, three months old, on the bed, and proceeded to attend to her domestic duties, in another part of the build- ing. In a few minutes the room was discovered to be on fire, and Mr. Prior rushed in to rescue the child, but too late, as the bed was in flames and the holp less infant was so severely burned that it died this morning. IS is supposed the bed curtains came in contact with a candle that stood three or four feet distant. Fortunately there was plenty of water at hand, which enabled Mr. Prior to cope with the flames Early on Monday morning, as a stone-cars was passing along Darlinghurst-road, a black snake, about four feet long, was killed by the carter. It was fortunate (says the Herald) that the reptile was noticed, otheiwise it might have found its way in- to one of the houses close by. The supposition is that the cart was loaded with quarry rubbish on the Saturday, and Sunday being a hot day the rep- tile lind taken up its abode in the cart and was disturbed by the jolting, when it fell on to the roadway. The mysterious occurrence of live snakes in the midst of a city cannot always be ac- counted for by so reasonable an explanation as the above. A return has been prepared by the gaol authori- ties giving particulars of the number of prisoners flogged for infraction of discipline in the variouB gaols of the colony during the last five years. The return shows that the lash has not been frequently applied. During the five years 24 prisoners havo been flogged, the offence in every case being bad language or disorderly conduct. Six were flogged in Darlinghurst, eleven (a comparatively high per- centage) in Parramatta gaol, one in Bathurst gaol, three in Goulburn, two in Albury, and one in Deniliquin. " And what are we doing now, Charley ?" " Only hugging the shore, Carrie." " Charley" (and she looked at him in a far-away manner), " Charley, I wish I was a shore." " Why, Carrie, dear, you are not feeling ill, are you t" he exclaimed, in a tone of alarm. Then ho looked at her again, and thought he discovered a ghost of a twinkle in her downcast eyes and the shimmer of a smile playing around the corners of her mouth. He looked once more ; he was sure of it. The next moment Charloy was enacting the part of the yacht and Carrie was impersonating the shore. _ 