STRAY LEAVES j (BT FiXCHE IX THE "COIXEAIXE ALBIOB.") i Ooe ol tbe coolest business men we nave ; heard ot re aides a few miles op- conntry, bay | between Coleraine and Mooree. Hie is a far- j mer is this man, and bis account for sapplies , at a Coleraine store reached a very fur agnre gome months ago. The storekeeper is one who deals generously with hw customers and was qnite content to tske a three months' promissory note tor the smonnt owing to him. while the note was rtainring the grower of wheat was a good customer at the Coleraine store, bat nothing so filthy and drossy as tbe lucre oi commerce euwiuu umu uu siwms«.- tions, a week before tbe promissory note was das tor payment another very fair figure stood opposite to tbe rami casto trier's name in tbe storekeeper's ledger. Imagine the surprise of the tradesman when one fine day he received a letter from his customer, of wtrich the following ia an almost verbatim copy : — Dear Sir, — That bill of mine comes dne on tbe 4th and yon have sow soother account against me. I have the money to pay them, but as I intend going to Mel bourne in a day or two I want to keep it to boy some groceries with. Please add tbe amoant of tbe bill to tbe new accoaat and I will give yon a bill at six months for tbe Jot." Comment fails us. We thought tee had cheek, but after the foregoing we feel that we are the most modest retiring creature that ever irradiated the surface of a wicked world. A rather pretty ouarrel bss taken place between tbt legally combative Hamilton citizen, Mr. S. Smnel, and tbe sheriff, Mr. Anderann. From what we can learn, it ap- pears that Mr. Samuel walked into tbe sheriff's office at B llarat tbe other day and asked tor some information about a jury which he was not entitled to get withoat aa order from a ju-lge, a fact which Mr. Anderson quickly pointed ont. I think you are right " said the Hamilton solicitor, at once accepting tbe position, k but now I want yon to tell me when you intend to pnll ' the jury ?" " I cannot tell yon," was the reply. 44 Bat it is your daty to tell mc," said Mr. Samuel, quotiog a clause of the Juries Act. ' Do yon ome here to instruct me ia my duty?" demanded tbe sheriff, some what heatedly. 41 Ys, sir," was tbe re joinder, "I will instruct you in your duty just as I would a judge in chambers if neces sary." Get out of my office, sir," com manded tbe sheriff. " Certainly," replied tbe Hamilton man, with perfect politeness, as he backed out and took his departure. Of course this is another of those remarkable cases in which both disputants are right ; each will probably make bis compliint in due coarse and the Attorney -General will have to settle the dispute But we wonder at Mr. Samuel ! Cannot even the dignity au<i awe attached to tbe office of sheriff impress him ? Ooe of our warriors was beautifnlly " had " the morning after the recent practical exam inations. He was an officer and bad made the average cumber of blunders ou the nrflri/in Hmv Kext morainir he was engaged in conversation with Colonel Price, and the examination was referred to. Tuesame tests wereused in Hamilton that bad been employed by the examining offiser in other parts of the colony, but they had not been described in print or in any way made known to the £L Company officers who, had they been fore warned, would probably bare forearmed themselves with tbe necessary knowledge. " I can assure you Colonel," said the officer, in the course of bis remarks, " that we at Hamilton had not the least idea of the par ticular work we should be required to do at the examination?" The Colonel laughed aa he answered 44 Yon need scarcely tell me that Mr. Then that budding warrior felt that be was tbe most simple minded man west of Ballarat. He had pro tested too much about a matter which was perfectly obvious. Ws Iiapd liMn miifili Smnm&fl;&d; lie the fact that, according to an advertisement in a metropolitan paper, " a lady governess " requires a situation. We have become accustomed to heir of the lidy doctor and tbe Isdy barrister, and w e do not forget that we were never more cleanly shaved than when we were privileged to visit a iady barber. We had experience of men who shared as well, bat somch->w we did not hanker tor ehwes so often after we were cat off from our daily torn at the hairdressing establishment over which the fair razor-driver presided Yes, we have met lady lecturers and lady tele graphists and ladies in a variety of other avocations, but the " lady governess " seems qnite new. Either that or we have been dozing away our years while this reaisrkable species of governess has been developing. No wonder a poor down-trodden race of men cry out for protection against the other sex 1 A " lady govern ess " indeed ! What next ' We have seen articles in the agricoltnral papers which it is oar delight to read on leisure days, headed " Horses Have Mem ories," ' The Intelligence of the Horse," Ac. , Ac. There is a fond of information to be got ont of these articles, as a rale. It is interesting to know that a mare whose foal has tumbled into a pit will knock at the fro t dorr until the master of the honse appears, then seize him by the slack of his clotbes. cany him to the pit and drop him in to keep the foal company, and so forth. We have experienced some wonderful things in connection with horses ourselves, bat we know that the faculty of onr own trusty steed for finding an oat which we may have put aside as a provision against famine when the Common grass gives ont, is little short of phenomenal. Mr. B. Silvester bad a rather peculiar experience tbe other day, which he is not likely to forget, lie had driven into Hamilton, and pot up at the well-known Sentinel at a private house, at which our townsman was to stay overnight. Next morning he allowed the son to get a good fair start before he turned ont to see his steed fed, but Sentinel, who probably oonld not rest in a strange place, had risen a bit earlier and departed. A search was instituted, bnt no trace of the missing horse could be fonnd. Mr. Silvester had to mase Balmoral that day and couldn't wait for any particular none, so ne was oougea to make other arrangements and pursue his journey. He came from Balmoral to Coleraine, hoping to find the Sentinel in proximity to his own stable. Not so, how ever, but at Coleraine Mr. Silvester heard of his lost steed. It appears that on his previous visits to Hamilton the animal was always put np at a well-known livery stable. Not relishing Ins long abstinence during the slumbers of his master on tbe morning after hu arrival, the sagacious animal made hia way to the livery stable where he was usually cared for and being at once reooguiaed by one of the attendants was "taken in and for." No lack of intelli gence in the legal Sentinel, let nstell yon. We have so often been told and have ao long realised that this is an age of novelties that we ought to have been prepared for anything. If OlarenpSi-the jone "wb o .had ' that remarkable dream— were'abo'ut in these see bis great father-in-law, -"renowned War wick " we believe he was called, come sailing past a few years after death. Clarence oogbt to have lived on a few years, down to these days of spirit mediums, and be would have learned tbe polite art of commanding hia feelings, and wouldn't go frightening Braken- bury into fits by the relation of dreams whioh1 an not only " tbe children of an Idle brain," as Mercntio puts it, but are largely attributed : to oold oollationB of pOrk-pie, or something . equally indigestible, before going to bed. We have often ourselves had worse dresms than Clarence, bat we don't go about freezing the blood of onr friends with them sind t«3liog people that bur sonlwta heavy beoanseeach snake we sawhad fonr million eyes. . The citizens of this town would be perfectly Jus- tified in setting ua down as a valn boaster if wediidieayttringofthekind. Yetif weooly liked " we oonld a tsle enfold " jn oompsrv Men brithwfaiak|tbe .withheld (rtoiyrfHsm- let's fstherV ghost W<abe««K5ntdyaQll Ondbemmonplaoit TtlsbiieHiatkUia. letj'aenior, riostiblybsd ajfewpartioriUri on : his mind which 1wm:c£ Aeu> werest to' the : ,«"lgoto,iratwe do jnqtJjelopEjsqrjqro we ttreheiSilydUbnmiwpdh : cooEutiiig of » few slices of cold knb, with mint sanoe, bot green pens tod mntiicfi potn- ; ties, nod noise pickled onions, followed by a cold apple- dumpling, the whole being cor- dully assisted by couple of battles of ginger a!e. fitrsnge thit we had kfaitdr<SB ; wssnt ' it. I Yet we are not easily stsrtied or snr- priBed, bs tre here said. It vw wbQe tbe ' shock of that drestn short the theatrical manager was upon us, that a friend iud ns pros' rate by bringing into onr office s draw- tog which purports to be "Tbe Barglara' Cost of Arms," and which now lies before I : he. Certainly it is s txoiqne and ooe of the ; most remarkable pencil sketches we have j i seen. It was executed, we are informed, by j 1 s prisoner in Pentridge, nnd is a cleverly coaceirei piece of work. A fsitbfally drown j and well-proportioned shield is surmounted j by a pair of ekeletoa keys crossed ; a mallet is described at the intersection of the keys, a lantern in the upper, and a couple of knives in tbe lower angle. A circle drawn in tbe upper dip of the shield, contains the tieaa oi one wuo is sua to xaae a lauieriy interest in burgling pursuits, and other wicked practices, bat, whether the likeness is a good one or not, we do not presume to say, and we never want tc know from per- I sonal observation. Tbe " old boy," as bis friends familiarly call him, rests on the world, and over his head are the words Fa Vifcis." The shield is divided into tour parts by chains - to the right upper sec tions are Bach implements of the burglar's caft as an awl, jemmy, revolver, mid some others which we do not recognise, (they have probably been invented einee we left off bargiing.) Opposite, an execution is pour- trayed, the hangman, parson and corpse being in the regulation positions, respecti vely, while an angel flies upwards with the departed soul. Below this is a pair of hand cuffs, aod a prisoner's bead u seen behind the bsra of a cage ; to the right the scales of justice hsng a -tilt, an imp of the ancient party previously mentioned giving "them a vigorous kick in one direction. Outside the bKiaIi) nn ana aijln man in (4tOtna Ana in prison garments, with the hand of Death hovering over him ; on the other ride is a gaol warder. The motto is ' Dam Vivo Fracto," which nobody can say is inappro priate ; indeed, the whole representation has a consistency about it which indicates that a thoughtful mind, aB well as a clever hand, are the misused jtossessionB of the unfor tunate man who is reported to be the author of the burglars' coat of arms. 