MARY ANDERSON'S GHOST STORY. One of the best authenticated of modern ghost stories that I ever heard was told me lately by an English lady, who had it from (he lips of the heroine of the adventure, the fair and famous American actress, Mary Anderson. At one time during a former visit to England Miss Ander son was invited to pay a visit to Lord and Lady Lytton (the former beet known as Owen Meredith), who were then at the ancestral seat of the Buiwers, the well-known manor of Knebworth. The fair actress was a great a great favourite with the host and hostess, and had more than once before been their guest at their historical country home, a certain apartment there called the White and Gold room having been placed at her disposal. On her arrival on this last occasion another apartment was allotted to her, her usual quarters having been taken by an earlier comer. Her new room was equally spacious and handsome, though somewhat gloomy on account of the massive antique furniture, while a large picture of Queen Eliza- beth, evidently a contemporary likeness, hung upon the walls, and its faded hues and imperious aspect lent an impression of weird mystery to the surroundings. But these ideas only occurred to Miss Anderson after the inci dent I am about to relate. She found her room on first entering it very pleasant, and every arrangement had been made for her comfort, her maid having been installed in a small room just beside her own and communicating with it by a door. Miss Anderson arrived in the afternoon. Dinner was served at 8 o'clock, and the evening passed off in a very agreeable manner. No ghost stories were told, the conver sation taking an animated and merry tone, and the party did not separate till nearly 1 o'clock, "so you see," remarked Miss Anderson, parenthetically, when she first narrated the history, "it is not at all likely that I could have been suffering from indigestion." She' retired to rest, the door between her bedroom and that of her maid being wide open and that leading to the corridor having been securely bolted. No sooner had Miss Anderson blown out the light and laid her head on the pillow than she became conscious of a singular and unpleasant change in the atmosphere of the room, which became at once intensely cold and damp and overwhelmingly oppressive, so as to be scarcely respir able. "I could compare it," she afterwards said, "to nothing except a blanket saturated with ice water, and pressing upon my mouth and nostrils so as almost to stop my breath." Sh'e tried to cry out, but strength and power of speech seemed to have alike forsaken her. Then she became aware of something clutching at the bed-clothes : a strong grasp fastened at intervals on the coverlets and blankets she had drawn over her. In the extremity of her alarm she contrived, by putting forth all her strength, to raise herself in. a sitting posture, supported by her hands, and she was instantly dashed back against the headboard of her bed by a tierce grasp fastened upon her neck and shoulders. During this mute and terrible struggle Miss Anderson could see a light in her maid's room flashing up and going out, this process being repeated several times. She tried in vain to reach her own match box, which was placed beside her bed; but, failing in that attempt, she finally broke loose from the hold of her invi- sible persecutor and sprang from the bed, uttering: a pierc- ing shriek. Her maid rushed into the room, exclaiming in terror, "Oh, Miss Mary, did you see it?" "See what?" asked Miss Anderson, in renewed alarm. "Something— I cannot tell what — that caught me by the throat and tried to choke me as soon as I got into bed." On comparing their experiences, the mistress and the maid found that they had suffered in precisely the same manner, but the latter had contrived to get hold of the matchbox. "But every time that I struck a match, Miss Mary," added the frightened girl, "something would blow it out." The two terrified girls lighted their lamps and sat down together on Miss Anderson's bed, wrapped in blankets, to await the dawn of day, having first investigated the fastenings of the outer doors of their rooms, and having found them secure and in good order. As soon as it was light they dressed themselves and went downstairs, exciting a great deal of attention and comment on the part of the early risers among the servants by their extreme paleness and evident agitation. Finally the house- keeper came to ask Miss Anderson if anything was the matter, and the first exclamation of that functionary on hearing her story was: "What! — again?" This remark she tried to explain away, assuring Miss Anderson that she must have been suffering from nightmare, though she failed to account for the fact that this dreadful form of nightmare had attacked both the mistress and the maid at the same moment. — Philadelphia Telegram. 