Chapter xvi. — Looking Where Dick was The misadventure of Dick, with Joel Wray's share in it, and the change it was likely to make in Long Dick's late bad feeling to the stranger, made a great impression at the Manor iarm ana at baxtord. Pleasance especially was much interested in it, and never ceased to desire to hear the par ticulars over again, while she sorrowed for her old friend Punch. As for Lizzie Blennerhas set, the tale of Dick's narrow escape, communi cated to her without any preparation, caused her to faint away on the spot, and, after being brought round by rough-and ready remedies, to contiune shaken and weakly for many days. It was in consideration of Lizzie's illness that Pleasance, in the slack rime which occurs just after harvest, seized the opportunity, after ser vice one Sunday afternoon, to offer to take Lizzie oat in the little market-cart. Mrs. Balls was wont to drive in it to Cheam and effect such small sales of cheese, butter, and eggs as she was allowed to take for her housekeeping in addition to her wages, and which did not come under the tale of the great sales of cheese between the bailiff and a cheese-factor, who sent over his waggon for the produce. Pleasance had first accompanied Mrs. Balls in her marketing, and then been occasionally entrusted to do the marketing for the elder woman, when Mrs. Balls did not feel equal to what she was accustomed to regard in the double light of an important duty and a great treat As a step to this promotion, Pleasance had learnt to drive the little market-cart and its pony, the pony at Manor farm. Pleasance took some pride in the accomplishment, though it was by no means uncommon, three-fourths of the young country-women, servants or poor farmers' daughters in the farms around, being able and accustomed to drive such carts to market. At first Lizzie would not be persuaded to go and get the air, though 'Pleasance had out the cart on purpose, and bad come over to fetch her, and though any other Saxford girl would have grasped at the simplest form of an outing. 'I 'a no mind to go abroad, Pleasance, thank'ee all the same,' said Lizzie, with the languor of shaken nerves and depression of spirits. 'Come, Lizzie,' urged Pleasance, 'it is a jewel of a day, not too scorching or dazzling. I'll take you round the Broad, and we'll have a look at the wild ducks and the plover, though this ain't their best season ; I wish you saw them in winter among the ice,' said Pleasance, bringing forward the inducement which would have been most powerful with herself, 'I'll bring you back with an appetite for tea, see if I don't' ' Could you take me round to that there place where Long Dick fell in ?' asked Lizzie, tempted by the mention of the Broad, a morbid craving rising up in her wistful, blue eyes, ' I 'ould like that just, for I dream on it, nights,' she added with a shudder. ' To be sure I could take you, but if it mingles with your dreams, why go after it waking? It would be better if you could for get it, Lizzie ; Long Dick is none the worse, he is all the better of a gallant act done for him, for Dick is not the man to fail to heed or to forget gallantry in a neighbour. Your cousin is gallant himself,' said Pleasance, able to afford to praise Dick, with a warm colour in her cheek, which was not for Dick. ' The only precious thing which was lost in the Broad was our poor old Punch, whom you did not know from any other horse, that you should go and look at the place where he came by his end.' '? I 'ould like* to see if the place come nigh hand to what I see :t in my dreams,' persisted Lizzie. ' Very well,' said Pleasance, not disinclined to the pilgrimage on her own account, 'you will get the fresh air all the same, and perhaps the sight of the real place will satisfy your mind, and prevent you dreaming of it any more—only I know it very well, and jl dreamt of it last night, 1: admitted Pleasance, drawing a long breath, and with a far-away look in her hazel-grey eyes, but not as if the dream had been altogether disagreeable to her, not even though Dick and another had been in peril, and Punch had perished. Lizzie was lifted into the cart with less re mark than might have been expected in Saxford on a Sunday. Of course its population was doubled on that day, while its young men and women were loitering about in their Sunday clothes, whether they had been to church or not, and its older men and women were at least ' tidied up,' as in honour of a festival. Certainly this view of the Lord's Day was not altogether mistaken, if one went back to the original Sabbath, for it was held as a festival by the Jewish people — a festival of so sacred and inalienable a character, that a provision was made for the exception of the Sabbath in all ordained seasons of fasting. But Sunday leisure and company in Saxford only implied quadrupled facilities for gossip, and Pleasance and Lizzie's exemption from having their whole history, and prospects raked up, and their escape with no more than a passing comment rerulted from a diversion of public attention occasioned by the recur rence of the great Sunday afternoon event which never palled in interest to the minds of the villagers. When there was no special custom at the Brown Cow, Host Morse paid his hebdomadal piece of attention to his spouse, which happily answered the double purpose of occupying and enlivening himself during hours that might otherwise have hung heavily on his hand. With a noisy, hilarious clatter and bustle, be longing to the man, he yoked bis much vaunted bay mare into his dog-cart, osten sibly for the benefit and pleasure of ' the missus.' She, on her part, received the act of gallantry with a double infusion of her usual elaborate modesty and meekness, while she extended the boon to three or four boys and girls, children of one of these female relations of Mrs. Morse's, who frequently visited her in the plenty and stir of the Brown Cow. These children were crammed in wherever they could find standing room, and as they had frequently to be caught and dressed for the excursion at the last moment, with Host Morse and his mare fuming alike over the delay, the starting of the cavalcade was not only a thing of time, but was attended with much commotion. All the population looked to it for the Sunday afternoon spectacle, especially Mrs. Blenner hasset waited devotedly upon her crony to the last moment. Thus the two young women got away almost unobserved, and drove off through the lanes, which, in spite of the treeless rhar^ftfr of the neighbourhood, were rendered bowery by the degree to which the thorn hedges were crossed, tesselated, interlaced, and hanging all waving with an ezhnberant growth of brambles and dog-roses, travellers' joy, and briony. The proluse harvest of haws were already crimson. The abundant hips of the dog-roses were orange ; here and there a knot of flowers changing from white to peach-colour, crested the countless clusters Of rough berries — still green, not black — on the brambles. The great round leaves of the briony were still more like vine- leaves than those of the tramble, and the bunches of the green briony berries might have stood for tender grapes but for their dear solidity. The travellers' joy presented innumerable tufts of down, ind bore out its country name of ?? Old Man's Beard.' The hedgerows were rich, though they were not quite ripe, as Pleasance and. Lizzie «- gretted, that Pleasauce ought have gone out and picked blackberries, and they were agree ably, sugestive even withoutthehedge-sparrows and linnets, bees, and spiders in their webs that Pleasance was constantly de tecting. Lizzie's spirits rose with the change from the smith's house to the lanes, and with the motion which did not fatigue too much, rough as it was, in spite of Pleasance's efforts to exert her best skill in behalf of her friend the lame girl, whose ordinary mode of progression was the much more laborious and painful mode of walking. Lizzie was nearly cheered, for a hopelessly love-sick and ghost-ridden girl, when the cart drove up to the Broad — a different Broad from that which had mirroied the louring night when Long Dick had taken his way home by its skirts, and had all but fallen a victim to its confidence in ite shallows. The great sheet of water lay sleeping, not gleaming like steel — for it was not a dazzling day, as Pleasance had said — under a fair afternoon sky. Flocks. °f birds were coming and going over it, piping and screaming as they went. The barges and wherries that on week days often crossed the Broad, which was the con necting line between several of the slow, brimming rivers of the country, were in a great degree wanting on a Sunday afternoon, though one clumsy, lazy-looking, red-sailed barge lay gently swaying at the far end. There was also an absence of the pleasure-boats and fishing boatmen, whose houses bore the name of Broad End, and were presided over by the Angler's Inn, with hop-poles ia front and a tea-garden behind, the whole dimly discera able as a patch of weather-stained, red-brick, from the other extremity of the Broad. The little colony was mostly patronised by visitors from Cheam, and although some of them straggled over on Sundays, as a rule they were lacking. As for the windmills in sight, they were of course still. But the great Broad, its fluttering, screaming birds, and is speck of a boat here and, there, with the faint sound of distant ores, and the remote echo of distant voices, to break still farther the silence, did not strike Pleasance and Lizzie as at all dreary under the summer afternoon clouds. Neither were the women left to experience any feeling of solitude in the scene. Pleasance had not driven many yards along the road, which ran by the edge of the water, before the cart and its occupants overtook Long Dick and Joel Wray, who had strolled over in the Sunday afternoon's leisure, from the farm, drawn, and that together, in their *urn, by the recollection of the threatened tragedy in which they had played their part. The young men hailed the women, and has tened to give the the advantage of their know ledge in pointing out accurately the various localities of the story. At yonder corner Long Dick had taken to the water — a little to the left Punch had gone down — from that group of flags Joel Wray and spied the fallen man and horse, and first waded and then swum to the spot where they were disappearing. When Pleasance had craned her neck, and rivetted her attention on the absorbing parti culars, and Lizzie Blennerhasset had quivered and shivered anew to her heart's contcnt,;jbel Wray proposed a little change in the pro ceedings. 'Ain't you tired jolting along?' he ad dressed both the giris. ' Couldn't we leave the pony and cart somewhere, and go out for a little sail on the water?' he suggested to Dick. Long Dick entertained the proposal in his deliberate fashion. ' PowBy ain't restive, and might be tied to Tim Burford's boat-pole, which he have fixed on his own account down here. I know my man, and 'ould borrer his boat for as long as I pleased, without offence. What de'ee think, Pleasance?' ' I did not engage to drive home before five o'clock, when I must give Mrs. Ball her tea in time for going to the evening service. It is three o'clock now,' said Pleasance, conscien tiously but longingly. ' I don't think it would be doing wrong. It is not like having out boatmen on the Sunday. We are here at any rate, and to be sure the motion wonld be very easy, and the Broad air good fo- Lizzie. Would you like it, Lizzie, or would you be frightened ?' 'Not when Dick is here,' said Lizzie, without dreaming of equivocating with regard to her supreme trust in Dick, ?? though it weren't your notion, Dick, you be minded to go, bean t you ?' ? She put it in an undertone, only anxious to hear and meet Dick's views on the matter. The pony and cart were fastened securely to the boat-pole, and the pony put on honour by by getting the rank grassy margin of the reeds on which to whet its afternoon hunger. The men got afloat Tim Burford's boat, which he kept conviently for any custom that might arise at the more solitary end of the Broad. Dick lifted Lizzie kindly, and deposited her first, and with every precaution, on one of the seats. The movement was still more to bis credit because it left Joel Wray free to help Pleasance, but she needed little aid save the touch of the tips of her fingers to steady her as she sprang into the boat There was only one pair of oars, and the men took an oai tapiece — Joel, who somehow had the ordering of the boat, announcing that there was no steering required on a great mill pond like this Broad. The boat shot out from the shore; and Pleasance, who had actually never been in a boat either on the Broad or any other sheet of water before, took in the whole surroundings with a satisfaction approaching? that of Lizzie Blennerhasset's. She, sitting at Dick's side and looking up in bis face, was as happy as she believed she could ever be, and with undis guised and scarcely stinted happiness, though she felt that his eyes roamed past her in order to rest on Pleasance Hatton. _ The sky was all covered with little, dappled grey-white clouds, not so close set but that the pale blue could be sees between them. The clouds looked soft as the dawn on a young swan's breast ; and the sunlight which was be hind them, together with the blending of the blue and the grey, gave to the whole a delicate dove's-neck tint that was transferred to the water, though there was not depth of cloud or sufficient light to reflect the clouds in the water, only where they were nearest the sun and pierced by its rays, so as to be silvered into a snowy whiteness, they threw a dim glory over that portion of the Broad. Pleasance looked round on tne little com pany, of which she formed one, moving with a motion as Elysian as everything else on the Broad, which had become an enchanted lake for the occasion. She could not see her self, but she almost thought that the others were enchanten too, touched at least with the full radiance of their youth which was then revealed. There sat Dick with his magnificent propor tions set off as he threw ont his broad chest, worked his sinewy arms, and flung back a head massive as a Jupiter's to look behind him ; while Joel Wray, slim but athletic, did his spurt, of rowing with what to Pleasance's utterly uninitiated eyes was marvellous ease and grace, and smiled back at her ont of the Mack eyes in the animated brown face. As for Lizzie, her small white face and flower-like blue syes which were similar to yet different from Dick's steel-blue eyes— were all refined by suffering and by a love so great thai, however it might end, it had in its present self- abnegation something of the attributes of the worship of a saint, or of a higher worship still. That love lent to the worshipper a serenity which is rarely bestowed by earthly passion. And the peace and blessedness of being in company with and cared for by Dick raised Lizzie's type to its highest perfection. It did not detract much, though it took a little, from Dick aud Lizzie's looks that they * were in holiday dress : Dick in that treasured cloth coat and figured waistcoat in which, if the poor fellow had only known it, Pleasance always felt that he looked his worst, because least at home and most out of keeping ; Lizzie in that flutter of flounced French mousseliae de-Iaineand Swiss bodice, of a different colour from die skirt, which formed the chief adver tisement of her calling, ' like a pattern card,' Pleasance could not help saying, ' with the' poor soul and sickly, so that one grudges the trouble, not only of making but of putting on such a dress.' Doubtless because Pleasance was a class convert, or pervert, she was so staunch a work ing woman that she would make very little difference, and that never out of her adopted line of life, in her better clothes. She would have her calicot gowns of a finer quality, as well as fresh and dean, for Sunday, and she would go the length of a straw bonnet with white ribbons ; but she went no farther, either in material or making. Joel Wray, too (it might be because in his tramping the country he was in a transition state), bad nothing smarter than a suit of clean working clothes, in which he had been to church that morning, unabashed by any question of fit attire. The party were in apparent, nay, for the moment, in real harmony, whatever soreness and rebellion of heart were crushed down. Long Dick had responded to Joel Wray's ap peal, powerfully seconded as it had been by his service to Dick, that the two should prove friendly in being fair foes. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 