V i tiUR IRISH LETTER. ? i ??? ? -*. ? (l\ROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Dublin, Friday, Jan. 28th, 1887. We are not yet done with the enjoyment atten dant on the rumours, the conjectures, the con tradictions and the explanations of an English Ministerial crisis. It is not that rebelly Bandy's position was difficult jo fill, nor yet that the noble seceder has been, in any way, maliciously disposed towards his recent Cabinet colleagues. The fact, simple and pure, is that the Administration of Lord Salisbury is undoubtedly affected with ' dry rot.' It has no power of cohesion within itself, and hence the crisis, created by the resignation of a Minister, has been prolonged by an effort to introduce into the Ministry new blood and that, too, from Liberal Unionist veins. The Govern ment in its original constitution was weak. For its very existence it was dependent on the con stant support of the Anti-Home Rule section of the great Liberal party, and yet there was not a solitary representative of this body within the inner circle of the Administration. The situation in brief, consisted of a Tory Administration rely ing almost entirely for its existence on the co operation of a contingent of politicians who differed from the Cabinet in every conceivable topic save that of the Government of this ' neat little island.' Were it not for the split in the Liberal Party the Marquis of Salisbury and his friends could not occupy the Treasury Bench for a day. Naturally the Premier and his men do not like this position ; they know and feel that by it they are not able to attempt any legislation that has not the seal of Liberalism stamped upon it ; they can only act by permission of their legitimate poli tical rivals, and this the Marquis and his Conser vative backers do not admire. Here is the reason, of course, for the efforts of his Lordship to get up a combination Government — a kind of Coalition Cabinet — in which the leader of the Liberal Unionists was offered any post he wished for. The Marquis of Hartington not having taken the bait, and having declined to go over to Torydom in order to save the Tories, the coali tion scheme was abandoned in that form, and the Premier having filled the vacancy created through the retirement of Lord Randolph by the appoint ment of Mr. Goschen to the Chancellorship of the Exchequer, forthwith set about the reconstruc tion of his Cabinet Jjby shuffling everyone upside down. In this effort, too, he has been eminently unsuccessful, and up to this his generous over tures have resulted in nothing more brilliant than in getting Mr. W. H. Smith as the leader in the House of Commons and Mr. E. Stanhope as Secre tary. THE MUDDLING MINISTRY. The difficulties of the position, however, were not finally arranged until early this week, when it was found that in the shuffle of reconstruction Lord Iddesleigh had been shuffled out of the Cabinet. Then followed a fearful emphasis to his lordship's elimination from office. At three o'clock on Wednesday the late Foreign Minister called at the Premier's official residence to say ' farewell' to his friends there ; on entering Lord Salisbury's room Lord Iddesleigh became faint, sank into an arm-chair, and expired. The tragic occurrence has created a wide feeling of pain and honest grief, for ' poor old Sir Stafford ' was an unusual favourite with his party. Com menting on the event, United Ireland of yester day remarks that ' Lord Salisbury has managed to kill the most beloved of his old Tory colleagues, and to make an enemy of his ablest young one. The ' Egyptian skeleton' at the Cabinet meetings for the future will be accompanied by the mildly reproachful ghost of poor Lord Iddesleigh.' And the Daily News of this, Friday morning, says that ' the special circumstances which sur round that melancholy event, and which add greatly to its gloom and horror, must widen and deepen the general contempt for an unscrupulous and blundering cabal.' Lord Iddesleigh's doctor has not hesitated to pronounce his opinion of the cause of death. 'There can be no doubt that the events of the last few weeks acted prejudically on him through his nervous system, and that his death was immediately due to the mental excite ment and worry consequent on the crisis.' The loss of his lordship, besides the supreme indigna tion which the treatment he was subjected to has created, will be a severe strain upon the loyalty of Lord Salisbury's best followers— best from a rational point of view. The Liberal London papers are very severe on the whole position, and call on the Exchange Division of Liverpool (which Mr. Goschen contests within the next fortnight) to give the new Chancellor of the Exchequer, ' the Hartington lackey in Salisbury livery,' the same wholesome lesson which he received from all that was best and soundest in the constituency of East Edinburgh — 'for the sake of English reputation abroad, and English justice at home, in the name of firmness, honesty, and good government, on behalf of the Conservatism repre sented by Lord Iddesleigh and the Conservatism represented by Lord Randolph Churchill.' HOME RULE STILL TO THE FRONT. While all this confusion is going on around, Germany and France are begiuning to absorb the attention of Europe, and war looks imminent. How can a Tory Ministry ever expect to occupy office in the present conjuncture of home and foreign complications ? it is necessary to add that Ireland — as O'Connell would ejaculate — ' Blessed be God !' is the entire and sole cause of this political dilemma. Home Rule blocks the way and will continue to do so until Home Rule is an established fact in Ireland. All men with any wits about them know this, and there is a rumour abroad tha,t another Round Table Con ference is about to be held to consider on what basis, as to the treatment of this country, a re union, a reconciliation of the great Liberal Party, pan be accomplished. The propoyal is tho oil' spring of the recent speech of Mr. Chamberlain, and has been received with a variety of opinions, ' Mr. Gladstone, however, being favourable. Pro grammes have already been drawn out elabo* rately in the imagination of pressmen, and theone which seems most inclined to suit those who say much and do little reduces the Irish Parliament to be a mere registry office for the Acts passed in Westminster for the government of this country — a mere county board — without any hand, act, or part in the regulation of its own commerce, or in the management of its police. It is not easy to believe that Mr. Gladstone favours such a scheme as it is said he does. The silence of the League on the matter is noteworthy, since it is no doubt due to the ridiculosity of the proposal. No Irishman could harbour it favourably for five minutes. As I have over and over again written in your columns, this matter of Home Rule for Ireland will neither be minimised nor compromised. It may be delayed and postponed by a variety of circumstances, but it is inevitable, irrepressible, and beyond com promise. The Irish people know this, and therefore the dreaming or the drivelling of prosy politicians does not disturb or disconcert them in the remotest degree. Hence, beyond exciting their curiosity it is really no matter to them what the Knights of the Round Table may Avish, say, suggest, or do. The campaigners, needless to remark, work on steadily proving the incapacity of England to govern Ireland, and the futility of thinking that any artificial means can supply the absence of the natural and national remedy. The manful and earnest effort, regardless of personal consequences, which they are making to induce unreasonable, rackrenting, and exacting landlords to deal indul gently with their sadly-embarrassed tenantry wins admiration from every side. You heard of the conversion of Sir Redvers Buller to National League principles ; to-day a rumour reaches me that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has gone the same road ; and if this be true, then — more power to him ! NATIONAL BANQUETS. The round room of the Mansion House was, on Tuesday night, the scene of a brilliant national demonstration. The occasion was the banquet in augurating the second year of office of the poet patriot Lord Mayor— Mr. T. D. Sullivan, M.P.— and the guests par excellence were the Radical Head Centre of Home Rule in England and on the London newspaper press — Henry Labouchere — the colleague of Mr. Bradlaugh in the repre sentation of Northampton, and Mr. Conybeare, M.P., another able and earnest English Radical Home Ruler. The hospitality of the right hon. the host knew no bounds. Those bidden by his Lordship to the feast appear, from the list of in vitations issued, to have included not only every member of the Irish Parliamentary Party as well as of the Catholic Hierarchy, but the entire priest hood of this, the Archiepiscopal See. It was the subject of comment, however, that such national ists as William O'Brien, M.P., Timothy Harring ton, M.P., and Mr. High Sheriff Thomas Sexton, M.P., were conspicuous by their absence ; while the speaking was confined to the Lord Mayor, the guests, J. A. Blake, M.P., E. D. Gray, M.P., Mr. O'Riordan, Q.C., and Mr. D. B. Sullivan, M.P., brother of the Lord Mayor. The toasts were most judiciously limited to 'Our Native Land'— vice the Queen — ' Mr. Gladstone, M.P., and the Bri tish friends of Home Rule' — (here the guests of the evening devoted special attention to the very peculiar proceedings which have recently distin guished the political action of Mr. Goschen and Mr. Joseph Chamberlain) — ' Mr. Parnell and the Irish representatives,' ' The Legal Defenders of Irish Patriotism,' and ' The Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress.' There was no 'Army and Navy,' no ' House of Commons,' no ' Trade and Com merce,' and no ' Corporation.' ELOQUENT TOM SEXTON. The previous evening, in St. Mary's Hall, Belfast, the fiery-tongued Thomas Sexton, member for the western division of ' the modern Athens' and High Sheriff of Dublin, was entertained at a splendid banquet by the Nationalists, — the chair, on the occasion being filled by Mr. Thomas M'Clelland, one of the magistrates of the borough, and a member of the local Protestant Home Rule society. The hall was handsomely decorated, the company most numerous, including several Pro testant and Presbyterian Nationalists, and the spacious balconies were fully occupied with ladies. Letters of apology were received from Mr. Glad stone, Mr. John Morley, the Marquis of Ripon and the indefatigable Mr. Labouchere. The honourable guest was seldom more at home in his oratory, or the power and point with which he touched on the topics of the day. It was he said unnecessary to turn the Government into ridicule as they were doing that themselves, every day, in the most successful manner. He was particu larly vigorous in his comments upon the system adopted by the Executive in political prosecutions of ordering Catholic jurors ' to stand aside,' and he recommended Catholic jurors when they were told to stand aside to do nothing of the kind, and by this means they would create a crisis which should culminate in the abandonment of that vicious system. THE MODERN CASTLEREAGH. To change the scene of action : — Her Excel lency the Marchioness of Londonderry has only just returned to the Castle after a prolonged absence in England owing to delicacy. The so-called 'Dublin season' — that carnival of toadies and place-hunters, dependants and expectants — will be inaugurated as soon as their Excellencies will have returned from their semi-private visit to the family seat, Mount stewart, close to Newtonards, up in the North where they arrived on Wednesday. The first levee is fixed for the first of next month, and the first drawing-room for the following day. It is not thought that these assemblies of the ' English garrison in Ireland' will be either numerous or brilliant. Nothing could ever make a Castle reagh popular in the Green Isle. The London papers, however, do not hesitate to pronounce the receptions accorded him wherever he goes as 'most loyal.' If frigidity and platitudes, and the silence of tho populace, and the absence of those locally most trusted and respected, be the indica tions of loyalty, then he is received loyally — but at a temperature like that of the weather just now — below freezing point. THE CAMPAIGN PROSECUTIONS. On Tuesday, as was generally expected (indeed it was frequently announced from the Bench dur ing tho proceedings in the Police Court) the ' Plan, of Campaign' tr&veraer;j-=-Mi\ Dillon, MP,, Mr. William O'Brien, Mr. Sheehy, M.P., Mr. Crilly, M.P., Mr. Harris, M.P., and Mr. William Redmond, M.P. — were sent forward to take their trial on a charge of conspiracy — each of the honourable gentlemen having been bound in his own recognizance. And thus the first act in the ' screaming and laughable farce' was brought to a close. When the curtain will again be run up it would be difficult to guess, especially as the resignation within the past two days of Chief Justice May looks as if the Government does not even now feel at home notwithstanding the com pletion of its reconstruction. The fact of the matter is, the comical aspect of the British method of rule is very much to the fore these times. Now the rumour goes that the Crown have decided to apply to the Queen's Bench to estreat the recog nizances of Mr. John Dillon,himself in .£1000, and by Mr. Biggar, M.P., and Dr. Kenny, M.P., each in .£500 for his good behaviour, on the ground that he has, in disregard thereof — to put it tech nically — and the judgment of the court continued to propagate the Plan of Campaign. EFFECTS OF THE GOVERNMENT THREATS. And that he has without a doubt ! For in stance, on Monday he was present at the pro claimed meeting of Rosslea (and a great and significant demonstration it was !), and he spoke using his usual uncompromising language. Thousands were present, and quite a posse of constabulary put in an appearance. But still Rosslea spoke out on ' the Plan of Campaign,' and the papers the following morning jmblished columns of the report of the doings. This is how a ' proclamation' is now-a-days respected and observed in this country. English authority over here is dead, and the coroner's jury have returned a verdict Oifelo do se. Efforts to galva nize the body of the deceased are, of course, being made, and on Tuesday — a busy day in the metropolis this week — some of the members of the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union held their ' annual general meeting.' Faithful amid the few was the Duke of Abercorn in the chair, and the Provost of Trinity was also to the fore. Among the speakers — who really said nothing — were Raymond de la Poer, the son of poor ' Johnny Poer of Gurteen,' the formidable Colonel Saunderson, M.P., Smith Barry, M.P., the heir of the inveterate sportsman ; John Courtenay, of Ballyedmond, in Cork ; and T. W. Russell, M.P., the indomitable temperance man. But at the Protestant Home Rule Association meeting something was said, and the something came from Mr. Thomas A. Dickson, formerly the Liberal member for Tyrone ; and it came in the shape of a manful announcement that he was fully and completely converted to the principle of Home Rule as well as quite prepared to justify his ' turn over.' THE O'CONNELL DECLINE AND FALL. In his next edition of his admirable work on the vicissitudes of families, Sir Bernard Burke will, no doubt, give a chapter of considerable length to the O'Connells of Derrynane Abbey in Kerry. A short time since this historic name appeared in the Dublin Gazette under the head ing of Bankrupts, and the statement referred to the grandson, the inheritor of the name and the estate, and of the great Liberator, the Emanci pator of Catholic Ireland, the ' man of the people.' He is the son of ' my first-born, Maurice,' as the Tribune generally designated his eldest child, and is married to a daughter of Denis Shine Lalor, of Castelough, near Killarney. On the sad death of his gifted but unfortunate father he became possessed of the famous Derrynane Abbey, the mountain home of O'Connell, whence he used to address his public manifestoes to ' my dear Ray,' the secretary of the Repeal Associa tion. At the recent General Elections Mr. Daniel O'Connell was defeated in his candidature for one of the divisions of Kerry by an extensive vintner who bosses three or four big bars in this city — Jno. O'Connor, ex-Lord Mayor. But the O'Connell de cline and fall did not culminate in this Parliamen tary defeat. The times were bad with agriculturists —very bad indeed — and rents were not forthcoming, and hence it is announced to-day that a prompt and generous national subscription is absolutely neces sary to save the representative of the great Dan from utter ruin, and Derrynane Abbey from passing out of the family of Ireland's Liberator — the bold and wonderfully gifted and eloquent assertor of Ireland's Sights when it was treason to love her and death to defend. A strong appeal has been published for funds to prevent such a national humiliation, and it is anticipated that O'ConnelFs countrymen, the world over, will respond as be comes them, and rescue his celebrated and much loved Mountain Home from the desecration of the auctioneer's hammer. AGRICULTURAL MATTERS. Apropos of bad agricultural times : our ' most honourable' Viceroy, his Excellency the Marquis of Londonderry, has been in communication with his Irish tenantry on the ticklish subject of rent abatements. They, like most others of their class, have been sorely pushed and pinched, and they have made out a rational and fair case which cer tainly seems emphatically to justify their demand for a reduction. The Viceregal descendant of Castlereagh, however, can see no necessity for a reduced rental and he tells his tenants so, at the same time informing them that he is ready to sell them their holdings at a fair price. To this the tenantry have promptly replied that they are ready to buy from his lordship at fifteen years' purchase. No answer has as yet been vouchsafed, but it is not improbable that further correspondence may be carried on through the medium of the trustees of the Plan of Campaign, as has just been the case on the property of Judge Flanagan of the Landed Estates Court. He also has refused a reduction, and the Campaigners have taken the matter in hand. It is satisfactory to state in reference to this subject that Lord Dil lon has yielded to the able tactics of ' John' of the same name, and by clipping his rental of .£5000, has granted the unanimous demand of his numerous Mayo tenants. AN UNPOPULAR JUDGE. In one bound — no doubt an extraordinary one — Chief Baron Palles has taken a position on the Irish Bench like unto that which drew so much approbrium on the late Billy Keogh. Only yester day, so to speak, the Chief Baron was almost popular, for he was respected and esteemed as humane and impartial. However, his doings at the Sligo Winter Assizes and the pro-eviction harangue he delivered when sentencing the Wood ford prisoners have bracketed his lordship with the ' so-help-me-God' just mentioned. The sentences passed by the Chief JJaroE-— 18 months 13 wA 6 — on the Woodford anti-evictors have caused great indignation. He roundly and stoutly de nounced them, while his observations ' pitching into' the Irish Executive for having used 'pre- sure,' even gentle pressure, to stay evictions have brought on him a storm of anathema. The sen tences are pronounced ' monstrous,' the speech inhumane, and United Ireland pronounces his observations to be an ' incitement to murder/' I am reminded here to tell you that we have just consigned to the grave the remains of the widow of the aforesaid Billy Keogh— at one- time the best abused and most unpopular man in Ireland — the friend of the unfortunate John Sadleir, and intimate of the absconding Income tax Commission ei', the exquisite Edmund O'Fiaherty, brother of the ' honest Anthony' of the O'Connell period, and recently a theatrical manager in one of the principal cities of the States. Also within the past few days we laid to rest the widow of the late Alderman Peter Paul M'Swiney, a Commendatore of the Papal Court, and at one time a conspicuous figure in Irish Catholic politics. BRIEF MENTION. It is time to gather together a few pars by way of putting a full stop to this budget. Well — the good joeople of Kildare are about erecting an ap propriate memorial to their late pastor, the Very Rev. Dr. Kavanagh, formerly President of Carlow College. — His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, with his usual promptitude and vigour, has just corrected a Roman correspondent of the Daily News who gave forth that the Pope had directed the clergy of Ireland not to sustain Mi. Parnell. The Archbishop says that the statement is abso lutely false. — Mr. Timothy Harrington, M.P., the most indefatigable secretary of the National League, has ' memorialized' the Benchers to be ad mitted to the degree of B.L. The hon. gentleman will therefore make his appearance in Court next term in ' wig and gown.' Mr. T. Sexton, M.P., High Sheriff of Dublin, has appointed as his Deputy Sheriff Mr. John Clancy, a most advanced Nationalist, and one who has been in jail for Ire land. A vacancy has been created in the Par liamentary representation of North Armagh, by the promotion of Mr. M'Naughten, Q.C., to the office of Lord of Appeal. It is thought the Na tionalists will try their luck with this seat as well as with the Exchange Division of Liverpool against Mr. Goschen, the new Chancellor of the Exchequer. 