SUMMARY. Sir John Fopo Hennessey, recently suspended from the governorship of Mauritius by Sir Hercules liot)in?on, has been reinstated. " Tho Lieutenant-Governor is to bo removed. The Parisian police authorities mado great prepamtious for preserving order at the com memoration o( the anniversary of the establish men, of the Republic, held \eatenlay. A deputation from the Anti-Bounty Society inteud ashing the Government to ailow dis , cu.sston on the nngar houuties in the House of Commons. In the annual cricket match, Players v. Gentlemen o: Knglatui, the former made aa easy win in one inning?. Shrewsbury made 111 out of a total of ol'A The Victorian Minister of Defence and the Xaval Commandant of that colony are attend- i ii»ic a trial of the Breuuau torpedo at Sheet- hcis. Tl:c French Govevninent have decided to officially recognise the Melbourne Exhibition, but will withhold monetary assistance. The Irian Land Bill is meeting with opposi tion from many members who sapportea the Crimes Bill. The French Patriotic League intend organis ing » demonstration in favor of General Bou- langer and hostile to Germany. A new Bulgarian Ministry has been formed, with a member of the late Cabinet at its head. Tho Queen on Wednesday attended a garden party at llattiolu House, tho seat ot Lord Salisbury. Colonial and American bishops are to bo invited to the Pan-Anglicau conference ia Loudon next summer. A cablegram has been received from Sir Saul Samuel confirming the statement that the postal authorities in Fntnceresi.it the reduction of transit charges on mails on account of a con vention with the railway coui panic?, but that they will again consider the question. The colonial wool sales closed in London yes terday. In all, up to Wednesday, mU.uOO bale bad been sold during the pieseutsories, while UiMX'O bales were hold over. The coroniai inquiry into the Peat's Ferry disaster was coucimied yesterday, when a ver dict w;h returned that there had been great wnnt of supervision on the part of the Railway Department, that the engine wa« not powerful enough, and that, the brakes were not stidi- cieut, while their couplings were iucouqucre. Mr. Ed. 1'ulsford, secretary of the Frccirada Association, .show? that, compared with JsStl, our imports from Jauuary to July, 1S®7, have fallen by di-At-li'/JOy. To-day Lord and Lady Bras?cy and the Chinese Commissioners will be the guests of riir Henry l'nrkes on a trip to the Blue Moun tain?, a special tiaiu conveying the party to Liihgow. A rider was added to the verdict of the jury iu the I'e it's Ferry accident inquiry, earnestly requesting the Government to appoint a com mission to inquire iuto the management ot tho different branches of the Railway Depart/ incut. A resolution was passed in tho Tasmaniaa Assembly last night that a Royal Commission be appoiuted to inquire iuto the causes of typhoid ever ami the best means for check ing it. A complimentary banquet was given to Lord Brassey last eveuiug by the members of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron. The Treasurer has given notice to a largo number of men on the extra stall: of the Cus toms Department that thoir services wiLl not bo required after the end of September, the col lection of the acivalorcin duties ceasing at that time. The Grafton Council intend applying to tho Government for a special grant of £1000 to find work for the unemployed of tho district go, the roads. The Gareloch Sugar Plantation, Herbert River, Queensland, was offered at public auc tion yesterday, but as only £.50,01)0 was bid the property was' withdrawn. Heavy raiu is reported over tho districts be tween Rockhampton aud Brisbane. Fears are entertained of disastrous floods and the safety of the inilway earthworks is imperilled. Mr. William Whvte, tide surveyor at New castle, seized -1000 cigars, six boxes of tobacco and 141b. of opium on board the steamer Cbangsba yesterday afternoon. The full report of the departmental inquiry board on the Peat's Ferry accident is given to day. At an indignation meeting of Paddington ratepayers last night, a resolution was passed condemnatory of the council for the alleged delay that has takeu place in completing tho contract for Hargrave and Elizabeth streets. Three weeks were occupied in the coroniai inquiry over the Peat's Ferry accident, and -12 witnesses wero examined, some three times. It is expected that the cost will reach over £11 UO. The case agaiu3t Thomas Finney for shoot- iug his father was to have been heard at tho Kcuiern Court yesterday, but the lather refused to appear. A warrant for bis arrest was issued. At a largely attended meeting of the Sydney Habitation of tbe Primrose League last night Canon KeminU read a paper ou tbe " Life and Works of Lord Beaeonsfielit,4' A resolution in favor of the Irish Crimes Bill was passed. The Engash mails to June 1U, per i'. ami u. Company's steamer .Massilia, will be due in time for delivery to-morrow from the General Post-office, and' by city and suburban letter- cairiers at about 2.30 p.m. While searching for the outward and visible 8i«rns of a reported ghost, the police atTudden- h:tm. near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human boues. There are at present 1)1 house? in Sydney which contain private bars, 20 of which are hupposed by the inspector-general of police to be kept by "women ot questionable character. A cablegram ha? been dispatched to Lord Saiisburv by the Grand Master of the Orange institution of New South Wales informing him of the P2;h of .Inly meeting expressing sym pathy with his Irish proposal. It is probable that the Licensing Act will be amended in order to cope with tbe growing evil o: private bars kept by questionable characters. A swagsman, name unknown, was cut to pieces ou the railway line at Esaondon i Vic.) yesterday by being run over by a train. Mr. Andrew Kerr, town-surveyor of Warr- nauibool (Vic.) for about 20 years, committed suicide yesterday by taking strychnine. The stearntug Pharos was sunk in the Yarra, Melbourne, yesterday, having bevn struck full on the port quarter by the ateamer Franklin. Navigation in mid- channel is seriously im peded. The Premier of Queensland was bo uuwcU yesterday as to be unable to attend at bis office. The Chinese Commissioners yesterday paid visits to Lord Carrington, Sir Henry Paikcs, Mr.. Burns aud Sir John Robertson, and after wards inspected the Picturesque Atlas Com pany's works. Dr. Ashburton Thompson read a practical paper orj "A District. Hospital — Its Construc tion and Cost," at a meeting. of the sauitury sec tion of the Royal Society on Tuesday evening. Mr. W. Iforder, of the firm of Atkiu and Horder, Singleton, dropped dead while at work in his mill yesterday. It is expected that the new Patents Bill which cornea into force on August 1 will largely in crease business at the Patents-office. The Minister for Justice has decided to settle the Gosford deadlock by removing tho police magistrate to another district. In the Victorian Assembly yesterday tho Postmaster-Geoeral stated, on the authority of Mr. Doakin, that if .the colonies were united they might be able to obtain a reduction of 6(1 per ceut. in the European cable rates. Lord Carrington, accompanied by Mr. 'Val- lingion, Colonel Wardrop and Colonel St. Qoin- tin, left Sydney last night for Adelaide ou visit to the Exhibition. Lady Brassey yesterday afternoon paid a visit to the Goodcnough Royal Naval House, and ex pressed herself highly pleased with tho arrange ments. The Colonial Treasurer accompanies Lord Carrington and party to Deniliquin, where they will be given a public reception. Mr. Bums will probably deliver an address atfMaitland oa bis return. A complaint regarding the water in use at tbe Eskuank public school, has been found aa equally baseless as the one made from Box wood. The Payment of Members Bill was read a second time yesterday in the South Australian Parliament without a division. Tbe South Australian Government do sot intend appointing officers of the Railway De partment on tho proposed railway board. 