THE JESUITS AS TEACHERS OF TOUTH. We; have the Jesuits working among <us,-and recommended : and flattered most abundantly; especially for the excellence of their, order, as teachers of youth. It seems as if history was becoming merely an old almanac, and we are to ignore all its. facts. What is the verdict of history on the Jesuits aB teachers' of youth? They have, possessed unbounded advantages, authorisation and . patronage, Imperial and -Papal; have -been on their side. They (have had three, centuries to secure the .succesB: of i their - experiment; and . the result is — failure : utter, complete; inevit able. Mariana, the 'Spanish Jesuit, had entered1 the Society in 1554,: during the lifetime- of Ignatius, and therefore knew it well. In the sixth chapter of his. work on- the 'defects of the Society, he says- that 'the Jesuits first placed 1 the science of Humanity; and afterwards that' of the Arts and of ' Theology, in a deplorable' condi tion.' -And then he adds, 'It is- a fact beyond' all doubt, that at this time (4594) there is' less Latin known in Spain 'than there was fifty years ago. I think, nay; I feel positively convinced, that one of the ! great causeB of this evil is, that the Society has the direction of learning;' and Imake no doubt that if the world-were acquainted with the- mischiefs that result from this source; we should soon be deprived by some public act of the govornment of the -schools.' A hundred and seventy years later the King "of Portugal, in that remarkable edict which - prohibited the Jesuits from teaching," uses language which -perfectly corresponds with that of Mariana. ' From the. -moment,' says the ; King, - ' that < the schools were confided to the Jesuits; they declined throughout my dominions; in consequence of the -obscure and -repulsive mode of instruction which they introduced into them-: having for their great object in thus obstructing the progress of real knowledge- in Portugal, the keeping of the -people in a perpetual- subjection and dependence;— a system as unjust as it'was pernicions : they taught with -sinister objects ; and the doctrines which - those reiigious professors are even - obliged by tbeir> principles to inculcate upori-all who frequent their classes- and schools; -tend not only to ruin'the arts and sciences, but to - destroy ' at' the > same time1 both the monarchy and the religion of the country.' In France, at the eame period; the Uni versity of Paris; in an admirable produc tion -entitled Verites Academiques, .echoed this -reproach, while the University of Louvain had previously (in 16l8)'declared that -wherever the Jesuits bad- penetrated uthey: Carried ignorance along with them, or- perverted learning ; and that the uni versities upon'wbich they had seized had immediately" fallen into the -greatest 'obscurity. In Austria; the < reigning ' Empress, . Maria'' Theresa, deprived the Jesuits, of the despotic empire which they exercised over the1 University of Vienna. ' She caused it to be -notified to their- Provincial -that she -bad (judged it fit to confide to other- Teligious persons the chairs of -theology- which -the Jesuits filled in- that university ; and that she had consigned to : the' Archbishop the- disposition 1 of its funds; as well as the choice of -professors, \- which > -had - hitherto been deft- to -the -Jesuits;', that she had appointed two persons; whom she names, to revise' the. lectures which-might be given in -Theology and' Philosophy; - that- she had' also -appointed- a1' Director of the -Schools of -Grammar,' Humanity,- and- -Rhetoric, in order to prescribe- -the- mode of Instruc tion.' ' < The -Archbishop of Vienna; Migazzi; in an important' Memorial which he- trans- : mitte'd to the Pope in 1759; complains of : the deplorable state of education where it was conducted- by the - Jesuits, declaring . there was 1 scarcely : any discipline- among them ; that ' they sensibly' neglected- the , study of theology -that no- watch was -kept uver-morals or decencv of -exterior. even so far aB concerned the person. - He therefore j had been obliged (he says), -after, giving them a year's trial; but to no purpose; to. remove youths from under their care. _ 1 This Memorial 'may be found at length in- the sixteenth Suites des Nouvelles interessantes. If it should be said that these; after all, are but individual, and possibly; therefore, exceptional instances, we reply -in the words of the brilliant essayist (Villers), when characterising Jesuit teaching as a whole : ' To model science according to the interests of the Pontificial power, and render even Science ignorant in all things in which it was requisite that- she should be ignorant; to produce some things in the clearest light, and to retain others in the thickest darkness; to fertilize the kingdom of the memory and the imagina tion by rendering that of thought and reason barren; to form minds subpaisive, without being , ignorant of anything ibiit what could' affect their, submission, rlihe those highly-valued slaves of. the.great men of antiquity; who were gramqiarians, rhetoricians, poets, fine dancers, and musicians; - and knew everything; except how, to become free ; I cannot fear that I shall be contradicted by any impartial man in. stating that such was th,e. ays, tpin adopted .by .the Jesuits. -It was jngenipus, and inimitably . adapted to the end, , that they, had in view. It was calculated to form illustrious and elegant authors, learned men, orators, good Roman Catho lics, Jesuits, if you. please, but not. Men, in.. the. full acceptation of the term. He who. became a man under their, manage ment, became so independently, of that management, and in spite of it.' To the . same effect is the testimony of D'Alembert, quoted by Robertson,., that though the Jesuits made extraordinary progress, in erudition of every species, though they could reckon up mauy of tbeir; brethren who have been eminept ..mathematijans, antiquarians, and critics, though they have even formed some orators of reputation, yet the Order has never produced one tnau whoso mind- was so muah enlightened by sound knowledge as to merit the name of a philosopher.' .To,. take yet another variety , of this concurrent,, testimony, turn to Paraguay, where the Jesuits exercised an undisturb ed and absolute sovereignty for ,moe than a century. How did they , .use their power ? For the diffusion ; bf true knowledge they did. nothing. They , erected no Bchqols. rThey taught no literature, no , science,,, no Christian theology. They kept, the people at .large in a , state of perpetual. pupilage, imbecility,, and mental childhpod. .To prevent the intrusion of one new ridea, they prohibited all egress from .their own territory to the inhabitants, qnd.all. in gress to strangers. And to, render., ,tlie barrier to intercommunion still more im practicable, , they strictly forbade , the .acquisition of. any tongue except one.of the. rudest- and most unpolished of, the Indian dialects. The despotism over,mipd and body was unbroken and complete, fill. the. day of retributive vengence drove the despots ; for ever from Paraguay , The, fate of knowledge was. much, the .same in all the other Popish states, .rof .South. America. Speaking of. one of .these .so recently as. 1824, Mrs. Graham, s. ays, " The. very names of literature and.science are here almost unknown." Of-, another, Mr. ;Lindley, a traveller, in 18C8,, gives a precisely, similar account. Little more than twenty-five years ago,, printing, .was unknown in Buenos Ay res,, and every possible obstacle thrown in the. .way., of education. Even in Rrazil there.. ,vu ,po printing-press till the. Court fookup if s residence there in 1806, and jmpprted one from Europe. No Bibles or Testamants . had .ever been introduced ; . and. any, ,works .which had been admitted into so dark a region, were works-of congenial, darkness, . such ; as story-telling almanacs, .and ljves of Popish .saints, and; manuals of Ritual istic observances. . . ,The reports of the Minister, of: Public Instruction to the Italian Government in 1865\. and 1871, Bay of the. colleges, in Italy.: — ". Whether it be r.the ..matters .taught, the methods which.- are, made ruse of, or the, .character of-the teachers, jt is not in harmony with the progress of .science. and the wants of present society. The inspections fmade;: nearly all agree in indicating that the maxims instilled into the. minds of the students are entirely:in opposition; to our political institutions, and that the education given in them ofltt- not prepare enlightened men an$ ,good citizens . The state of education in the provinces -may be inferred from the extent,, to which .it, was cultivated, in the Eternal ; ,City .itself. The report of 1870, on the, Colleges and Seminaries of the City of Rome, .says : — " The students, that were examined showed that they , bad not had the moBt elementary knowledge of the earth's form and surface. They were even ignorant of the geography of Italy, as Boas, mountains, rivers, and populous arid celebrated cities. 'Questioned by me,' sayB' a professor, ' as to what they knew of geography, some even did not know the ; meaning of the word; others, after having aEBured me tbey had studied for two years, said that the Adriatic is a mountain, Sardinia a city, Milan the capital of Sicily, &c.; . Many had so idea of the rnmber of the- Italian population ; several " mistook thp name of the Peninsula for that of a town, and one told me frankly that he conld not answer, adding that he was a Roman, not an Italian. . . . One told me that Brutus was a tyrant, another that Dante was a French poet, Petrarch one of our illustrious poetesses, &c.; In speaking of Columbus, I was informed by one student that he was an apostle, and by another that he was the Holy Ghost,' " \- Now, if amid the classic glories of Italy and the inspiring associations of the Eternal City, the Jesuit style of collegiate education ieaves the students destitute, even of "the most elementary know ledge," what may we not expect from V their methods in New South Wales. 