ITEMS OF INTEREST. Tbo arrivals at Nap'es oi largo numbera of fugitives from Sicily creates great anxiety. Catania remstos the obief centre of tho oholeru epidemic. Ou XO'.h July thirty-seven oasee snd eightnon doaths were reported. At Ro. oella, in Oalabris, there were four oases and two dra'hs. According to information from Pie'ormarhz- burg, the Natal treasurer's financial etate- uiont made in tbe Legislative Council showed that owing to improved trade the deficit at th: beginning of iho year had beon reduced from 1.223,000 to L164.000 It ia expected tbat by the finanoial arrangements made lost session tbe deficit will bo completely covered during tbe current year. Corre spondence has been road in the Legisla tive Council wbio'i passed botwoon tbe Secretary ol S.sto for tbo Colonies and Mr. Jubu R ibinsou, when tho latter was in London as the Natal delegate to tbo Colonial Con ference. It is generally considered that Sir H. Holland means to cynvoy that unless respon sible Government ba accepted by tbe oniony all pubiio works dependent on loans must be stopped. juugmontwns given ar Lioipsio onotn -juiy in tbo treason trial wbiob b.B beon proceed ing before tbo Imperial Court. Kleiu was oondemned to six years' imprisonment io a penitentiary, and Grobert to fivo years, Kthart was acquitted. . Tho reasons assigned for tbo sontenoes are that tho guilt of both Klein and Grobort has beeD fully proved, partly by tbeir own oonfeesion and partly by tbe depositions ol witnegiee and tbe oorre- spondenon found to have been exobanged between Klein and Sohnaeboio. It is further oxplained. that both the accuteJ kuow tbat tbeir oommuDiostions wou'd bo racsivod by tho French Minister of War. In tbo eoutbern parts of Georgetown county, B.O., says tbe New York Herald, is a large eheet of fresh water known as Dawhe Lslte, widely colebrntod for its great quantity ol excellent fiBh of many varieties, About ten days ago a torrifio hailstorm of several bou s' duration passod over that eOotion, doing f rost damage to growing orops and beating arge quantities ol leave, and limbs of trees into the luke. A fow days after this storm the fiih in tb. lake began to appear by thousands npen tho surfaae of the water in a dying condition, the quantity inoreaBing daily, until the outface of tbo lake was literally ooverod with dead fishes. Tho water of this lake has always beon of a whitish colour, clear, soft, and pleasant to tho taste, but immediately after the storm it became as blaok as ink and bittor as quinine, in wbiob condition it bss sinoe ooutiouod. Dawhe Lsko is about two mileB long, and from two to DQO yards wide, and varies in depth from 10 to 30ft. Adjacent lakes were not affected. Particulars oi a most sensational murder trial in Oalitornia, the eequel of whieb wae the lynching of tbe murderer, are given by the Philadelphia correspondent of tbe "Times.1 Ono Hong-di, a Chinaman, recently brutally murdered a man aud a woman at Colusa. Cali fornia. He was tried on 9th July, tho juiy finding a vsrdiob ol guilty, and pronouncing his' punishment to he imprieonmout for life. Their verdiot inoonsod ths crowd in aoutt, who Rented tho man bacgod ; nnd tbe judgo said lie wonld not accept tbo decision ol the jury. Everybody boing armed, a wil-i scene ensued in ih« 0'iart-raom, n hundred pistols being drawn amid cries of "Lynch him?'1 Tho sbarilf rone and quitted tbo arowd, saying that, while ho disapproved of tho verdict, lie boped no blood would bo sbed in court. The prisoner wss then removed to ganl, A mob snrronndod th i building at midnight, broke in and seized Hacg-di, and draggod him out lo a bridge, where they hanged him by tbruwiDg him over tbo parapet with a rope round his nook. Tbe sheriff thon took tho b <dy back to the gaol. . A movement has been bognn at New York fori cutting a Nicnraguaynn canal under American auspices. A sum of 100,000 loL in gold has been paid to tha Nicaraguaynn Government for the couceoBion for cutting the canal. The Nicaragnayan Canal Ocn- Btruction Company has been organised with 12,000.000doL of capital, and will goon, send nut eugiueera to verify and relocate Menocal's surveys. It. is expected that tha company will bsgin the work of excavation aud of hotho-ir improvement when the advising bonr t i.f engineers, including Mr. Menocul, h i improved of the surveys. . .a interesting oolleotion of pictures Is now nig exhibited at tha Ameriotn Exhibition at ulsrl's Oourt. They prove thst Amerios is laming tbe business of painting in Paris, nnd (as was pretty generally known before) ia learning it well ; though whether Amorioa will long oonsont to run in French loading strings is qnite another question. Tha pictures poioted trader other than French iufluonoo are for the most part oo a- different and lower filaoe of art altogether. Snob are ths arge, showy, theatrical landscapes of a man who has bad aineiderabla vngno in some parte of the Uoited States, Albert Biorstn lt, a Dliiseldurf artist, and snoh tbo largo esnvas in wbioh the Ponnsylvanian artist Rotbermsl has. attempted tbe almont impossible task of representing the tni'ee in the bloody battle of Gettysburg. Still, though tbe painting of this enormous piolaro ia fealty enough, it gives a painfally true idea oi tbe deadly straggle in whioh, to nse the Northern phrase, " the back of tbs Reboliioii wa« broken." Tbe aruiiee engaged were, ss Moltke said, rather two vast armed mobs th»o trained armies ; sod hero tbsy are in oollision, thousands mixed with thousands in the grip of mortal oombat, A great pubiio meeting wss held in New York on Sunday, lO'-h Juiy, at wbioh Father MGlynn defied the Papal exoommnnioation, snd eald t— "I learned under the very shadow of tbs Vatiosn tbat tbe man who sins »gain«t his oonsoienos sins against tho Holy Ghost, and if any power on eartb, even though it be him who eite enthroned in .the Vatican, oommsnds a man ' to do or esy aught against his oonscieno?, to obey even tbat power were to - sin against tbe Hcly Ghost. If it were in their power as it was ones— thank God "it is na l mgsr — they wonld Imprison tho troth in daageons end martyr it at the stake in tbo persons of those who through no fault of their did read God's troth in tbo foots of rooisty, in the strata of tbo earth, and upon ths skies. It is notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of the world. Men aro being alienated from the oburoh. particularly Irom tbn Catbolio Church. Nowhere ie the Cratch more heed than in tbo en-cxIlcd Catholic countries. Tha (flirt to obtain a Pepsi representative at Washington is qnito in keeping with the -auin polloy that has led tbo JPope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland An Ecglish noodle of a Oatbnh'a lord, ibe Earl of Denbigh —and yon may always mlstrcs English Catholics, especially an English Cstholio curl, to outdo any Protestant in bis hatred of Oabbdla Irolandy-says thst the Pope told him not merely of bis great estrem and affection for Eogland, whioh is well enough, but of. bis groat desire to ba of nse to England Men who have fought for Catholicism have bean slapped in the face by thaPone to plaaie Prinoe Bismarck. So long as the Catholics 1st the Ramon msohins, of which the Pope is the mere pnppet, do this, that machine will nse Paddy io Ireland and the German Prddy and American P«ddy as pawns on ths polities! obessboord, to be sold oat at any time for what it otn got in return." Trevethick in 1810 made the first locemotivo (team engine. Till his expsri- ment it was -imagined tbat turned wheels would give no looomotlon, and: this mistake obstructed the introduction'of-steam navlgs- tmn byreyqlvlng paddles.. , 