THE ECHUCA EAST "GHOST." For about a week past it has been rumoured that a "real ghost" has been walking at Echuca East, and many of the younger resi- dents of the locality have been terrified and made nervous by the ghostly yarns which are related nightly by residents in the ghost in- fested suburb of Echuca. The idiotic person who is playing "ghost" is rather cunning, and although a number of persons have seen him he manages to slink away in a most mysterious manner. About four or five years ago an individual played "ghost" in the same locality, but his ghostly visitations were confined to a portion of the borough east of the railway line, which at that time rejoiced in the name of "Shinbone Alley," and many still recollect the "Shinbone Alley" ghost as the mysterious personage was named, whose chief delight was to scare boys and women almost out of their wits. Suddenly this "ghost" left for fresh woods, at least it was thought he did, as his disap- pearance was in keeping with his appearance \- he suddenly vanished, whether into the air has never been solved. The present ghost haunts the locality adjacent to the mill siding leading to Mackintosh's mill. A couple of evenings ago Constable Harris was in- formed of the appearance of a ghost, and consequently the whereabouts of the unwel- come visitor was not referred to in our columns. Harris when going out on the first occasion to get a glimpse of the ghost, fell across a long wanted criminal instead, and thus the "ghost" did not have an opportunity of making the stout heart of the constable leap into his mouth or the hair of his head to stand. But Harris went ghost hunting a night or two afterwards and the following morning met a representative of this journal who had laid him on, and with a downcast face, remarked, "You don't catch me hunt- ing up ghosts for you again." "How's that?" said the representative with a twinkle in his eye. "Why," replied Harris, "I went looking for the ghost last night, and was very nearly being made a ghost of my- self." A smile and anxious inquiries about "the ghost" caused Harris to make a state- ment which is worth repeating, "Well," said Harris, "from information received I went looking for the 'ghost' and on arriving at a secluded portion of the scrub in the locality I heard murmering and pro- ceeded towards the place from which the sound emanated (he did not say whether he felt scared, but no doubt he was) when suddenly a shower of broken bricks, old boots, jam tins, etc.) fell round me, and I called out to know what was the matter, when up arose a small army of the Echuca East boys who had taken me for the "ghost." The serious part of this joke is that the foolish individual has frightened several young girls, one of whom, a Miss Dewing, who saw the "ghost," suffered from a fit after reaching home, and was very nervous after the fright she received. On Sunday morning last Mr Berthaly, who was going to see a chemist, met the "ghost," and came up close to him. Mr Berthaly said to him - "Now I am so close to you I will see who you are." The next instant Mr Bertherly was unable to see owing to a powerful light being flashed in his eyes. On recovering his sight the ghost had vanished. Besides these persons mentioned, many others allege that they have seen the strange being, and if he does not vanish he will be seen once too often, as a number of stalwart young men are looking out for his footsteps, and should he fall into their hands he will be put through the mill in a few minutes, and that will settle him for a time at any rate. 