ECHOES AND RE-ECHOEs. EYES EIGHT I Scene—Staff Office. General Owen discovered looking OYer the newspapers to see what they have said about the Militia and the hatching of the regulations. Sees an article in the Register of an awakening tendenoy; reads it, and is horrified at the "grossly undisciplined" character of the remarks. Gives the usual signal-stamp on the floor, which cracks the plaster over the heads of the sergeants and drill-instractorB in the orderly-room below. Enter an old Boldier, saluting. General— " Convey the order through the usual channels to Captain De Bm-gh.that I want him." Order percolates accordingly. General soliloquizes in his good-hamoored way- Bank mutiny! by all the powers of war I'll bare the editor of this Tile ragpat in the guardhouse. Be dares suggest that I am slow and hampered with redtape. Perhaps 1 am: but I am also sure. 'When I came here I found such easy ways of doing work— No form or order, hut go-as-you-please. I fixed all that, and sent to rightabout a lot of clods. I worked the details out, and Used up things, Till one can lay his hand upon whatever he wants. Be it a button from a soldier's coat, I know its lack; No trivial matter doth escape my eyes or he o'eilooked. A model staff, by Jove, I meant to bare, and hare it now. They «ay the men are falling fast away. Well, be it so, perhaps they are. I have a staff that I keep lull of work—Ay! chocka-block. What is a regiment without a staff 7 Why, like a sword that hath no guard or hilt. [Filter Captain De Burgh ] General—Call a full muster of yourself and staff. [Enter the whole of the staff, and the General interrogates them individually and collectively.] Tell me, did yon no information give anent the force To folks connected with this paper here ? [Points scomlully to the newspaper spread upon the table,] [Ihey all salute and all say, " No."] General—Vvoa your solemn affidavit did yon not! All—So help ns, no I , GtnercU-I must believe you, bat, by Casir's ghost, 'tis passing strange. They reem to know so mnch about the thing, I am surprised. Staff—They learn by instinct what they ought to know—those papers, sir, And strange to say they're generally correct. The General fires up, ana the Staff wish they had ot said the last. General—Rank mutiny again, and by my staff ! So hdp me. David, wis a man so taxed. Bow dare you say the papers are correct! 1 hat's treason, and the rankest mutiny. Have you the regulations read, I ask; I mean the new ones that I've just got out ? Corporal Clingstone —Bel? pardon, Qen'ral, but this life's too short; They are so long, those regulations, sir, We'd be grey headed ere we reached the end. General—Ah! say you so, then give each man a Throughout the force, and he must study it. The Statf"—Beg pardon, sir, but .there's not men enough For one pa^ce each, and more would kill them off, Far worse than rifle-bullets or redtape. General—How dare you speak about red tape J. I do perceive a kind of cheeky tone That smacks of insubordination, too.t Now recollect the regulations say No man shall any information give to any paper. ' Slap—But, Sir, they have a fashion of their own Of getting news, and often 'tis correct. General—Came* again! I tell you once for all, No news that I myself do not give out is e'er correct. Confound these colonials, they seem to have wills of their own. Staff—We humbly think so, too. General—You're not to think, you must not have a thought except through me. So help me, Ctesar, here's a pretty go I My staff dare think 1 [Writes a general order ] " Officers and members of the Militia and staff are oidered not to think from this date. It Is an unsoldlerly habit and subversive of discipline. Officers commanding companies are specially requested to see that their men do not think. Any man discovered thinking will be fined a day's pay, and as they never get a day's pay under present conditions, they will be fined four [quarter-days' pay." The staff are dismissed, thinking a good deal notwithstanding, and the General adds a clause to the regulations to the effect that it is a breach of discipline for newspapers to publish any opinions whatever span the Militia, and especially adverse views. He calls for a return of the number of men in each oompiny who have been in the habit of thinking, with a report upon the approximate directions of their thoughts. Enter Orderly—II you please, sir, shall I cut out and paste in the stafr scrapbook them two articles in the Register and Advertiser ! General—Um, ah, eh7 what? well, on second thoughts, I think KOT. "I never Quite realized," says a correspon- , dent, " the foroe of the expression * Save me from my friends' until the other day when I became the victim of a friend's good intentions not carried out He had been an old comrade of mine, but I had not seen him for several years, and coming unexpectedly upon him in the streets of Melbourne I was shaken by the hand most cordially. It appeared that he was an important factor of the theatrical raternity, and in the fulness of his soul at seeing me he Baid ' Have yon been to the Princess Theatre yet? if yon have not I will leave your name at the door and yon can go to-morrow night.' I said I had not been, but would be delighted to go, and we parted with a renewal of the promise from him to frank me at tne door. I went to the Princess, passed up the handsome staircase, and was blandly met on the landing at the entrance to the dress circle by an impressive gentleman, who was a courteous Cerberus in dress clothes. I presented my card, and asked if that name had been left at the door. I was told that it had not. Somewhat taken aback, I explained that an old friend connected with the theatrical profession had promised to leave my name at the door. What was his name? was the natural question, and there I was thrown on my beam ends. I had, forgotten his name, my memory for names being most untrustworthy, and 1 said so with a very red lace. I was blandly and politely told that my friend must have made a mistake, and as I retired from the scene ot my discomfiture I thought I caught the whisper of the courteous Cerberus to the doorkeeper * Too thin and •tale a dodge. ^Therefore I say, 'Save me rom myifriends' whose intentions are good heir memories frail and their names forgotten." "Teetulpa topers are boarded in an iron ahed in a shade of 110'." On consideration one can easily understand the object of that. The best way to bring a toper to a sober state is to get the beer ont of the system, and this is one of the many methods. Put him in an iron shed with an atmosphere like that in the inside of a campoven over a slow fire and the heat will soon make him perspire beer at every pore. An honr or two of that treatment would extract every drop of the intoxicant, and then if the toper could be taken over a brewery to see the process of making beer he would never want to fill himself np with any more. They are original people at Teetulpa, very. 