NOTES OF TRAVEL. -a By the Rev. J. E. Tenison-Woods, P.L.S., &c.; I have been travelling in little known regions for something over three years. During this time 1 cave i fully took notes of every object of novelty and interest which was presented. ' I quite despair of over being able to publish all the records made of what appears to be of interest and value. The difficulty is to choose what part of my story I shall now tell. Natural history, as many may know, is my favourite pursuit, and it was partly owing to its attractions that I spent the one vacation of my life where I did. But I can see plainly that it would be ill judged to confine myself to my observations on that subject. Natural science is beyond question the most popular study of the present day, and probably the best read books of travel are those which deal chiefly with this matter. And here I should like to say also that science of this kind is truly its own reward to its votaries when they go into foreign regions. In an unexplored country it will be easily understood how the trees and flowers, the mountains and even the very stones room with interest to anyone who can trace in their lineaments their relationships to the subjects of modern science. Strange countries were enchanted lands to me. It was like the old fairy tale where the Sleeping Beauty awaited the hand of the stranger to break the spell of silence and mystery which clothed these lands. For the sea with its corals and its shells, the land with its gems, its fruits, and its flowers, the thousand, nay, tens of thousands, forms of life on every side, were unfailing sources of instruction, wonder, and delight. Not a tree, nor a moss, but had something to tell ; even the breezes, the storms, and the clouds had now versions to give of the wonders of nature. At the close of each day I had more to record than I could find time to note down, but what I have written is quite enough to lead to an embarrass- ment of riches in every department Let me illustrate this by an example of what the weather alone furnished me with as a subject for notes. I spent some six weeks on the summit of a mountain in the Malay Peninsula, named Arang Park, It was between 3000 and 4000 feet above the level of the sea, and scarcely five degrees north of the Equator. The ci i m ato was full of tropical extremes, and nature on every side showed what such a climate in a mountain region will produce. It would be difficult to exaggerate the gorgeous hues of the insect world, or the forms, colours, and brightness of the flowers. But being so high above the sea, the atmospheric phenomena were most singular and attractive. The following is what used to take place almost regularly day after day: At dawn the sky was clear, and the view from the mountain truly magnificent, There are few spots like it in the world. Rugged ranges and peaks over 9000 feet high ought to produce surprising effects in such a region, and so they do. Heavy purple and gold clouds always lay round their summits in the morning, and provided many-coloured changes of pressure as the day wore on. About 9 o'clock the sea breeze sent floating a stream of fleecy clouds up the valley of the Perak River. They lay like snow flakes far below us, at a uniform height of about 1500 feet above the surface. It was then the time to ramble out, for it was not yet too hot for a collection to be made in the sunlight. The air was always brilliant with the velvet panoply of many species of butterflies, while the forest re-echoed with the hootings and howlings of monkeys, and the peculiar clatter of the large yellow Thornhill. This was the time and place to see ferns, orchids, begonias, and the endless genera of Melastomacer with their vivid tints. A great deal of timber was newly cut down for a coffee plantation. This was our hunting-ground for insects and land shells. For orchids and ferns the dense forest was the pro- cave where fig trees, vines, and creepers made the paths dark with a subdued green light. At 1 o'clock or so the sky would be dim. But the floating clouds in the Perak Valley would be massed in its upper part into a dark thunderstorm. This would roll back slowly down the valley, gathering volume as it came, though discharging torrents of rain. Its upper part was soon changed into white cumulus clouds which towered up into the sky to heights that were bewildering. The lower part of the storm was a horizontal black curtain. Lowest of all were silvery mists which threw into surprising relief all the unexplored deep valleys of the Perak, the Pigs, and their tributaries. How mysterious and lonely they appeared. Every crag and rocky gorge was successively made distinct by the advancing curtain of mist The tempest would reach our mountain between 5 and 8 p.m. Then we would have the curious sights and sounds of a thunderstorm far beneath us. At first the lightning would light up the mist a thousand feet below our bungalow. The thunder was always indistinct and muffled, nearly lost in the continuous hoarse murmur of the rain, or the gentle sighing of the wind. Sometimes we would never see more of the storm or it would roll up to us in the shape of a white clammy mist. This came through every open door and window in streaks like winding sheets, perceptibly obscured the lamplight, and made everything stream with dewy moisture. Often as I have stood on the balcony looking down on the storm and listening to the rain, mingled at times with cries and roars of wild animals, of which there are plenty, I have seen my shadow projected in gigantic proportions on the mist beneath. By using a strong reflector, a single lamp was able to produce startling and ghost-like effects. Each day, as I have said, was like another in the regular phenomena of weather, and yet I could never describe what variety each day brought forth. Hundreds of problems used to suggest themselves to me when on the spot, and hundreds since, now that I am away, Though I had fine sets of instruments, I can only regret now that I was able to effect so little. Perhaps I may, one day, told more of the detail, but the foregoing will show that from nature alone there is an almost unending story to tell. But of course travellers see very much more than these things; man and his surroundings furnish the most fruitful subject of observation. I do not think that the most enthusiastic theorist about the rights or equality of man would be long in the East without a modifica- tion of Mb opinions. Whatever excellences or defects Western institutions may have one sees that the Oriental mind is utterly unable to adapt itself to them. I do not say that this conclusion, or others as important, will come home to everyone who goes to the East. Much new and valuable information lies as it were on the surface, but travellers don't seem to take the trouble to gather it I remember when I first went to Japan I tried to read up the subject and to inform myself well about the country. One of the authorities I consulted boasted of having done just the opposite. He had read nothing about the country, so as to be unbiassed. The result was that he described the Japanese as a people of charming simplicity, who neither drank wine nor strong drink. They were said to be living in arcadian felicity on the simplest fare, which, while it restrained their sober wishes, made them surpass all other nations in health and cheerful- ness. This writer was only in Japan a month. He did not see much beyond the treaty ports. At any rate his conclusions were very misleading. I found the Japanese to be an intemperate people. Drunkenness is certainly one of their national sins ; all the evils of intoxication are nearly as common amongst them as, alas, amongst ourselves. It is true that they are fond of plain diet that is, they eat principally raw vegetables and decayed vegetables, with seaweed, fungi, and raw fish. If this be plain diet (to some it would appear very plain, quite unattractive in fact then the Japanese deserve all the credit which such a course of feeding merits. But a healthy people they are not. Dyspepsia is one of the great miseries of the population. Ghastly representations of its victims are vividly depicted in every street- for the doctor's shops are covered with long advertising labels, and the fancied skill of "Van Mittyr (an ancient Dutch Professor Holloway) gathers a rich harvest among the sick and credulous. Western practitioners are numerous in Japan ; I have conversed with many of them, and they have all borne testimony to the manner in which the Japanese suffer from the diseases caused by the food they eat This is an instance, of which there are many, how unsatisfactory is the information given by books of travel ; but I had better not say too much on this sub- jests lest I draw attention to my own shortcomings. Of course there are authentic sources. One could not, for example, have a finer work on Japan than Beam's book. But it must be admitted that it is not readable. As a book of reference it is invaluable, and so are the works of' Satow, Thunborg, and Eaempfer, but who could read them through ? What I want to do therefore is to tell what I have to say in as interesting a manner as I can. ' I must try to solve the difficulty of the embarrassment of riches by not trying to tell everything. I must end. favour to place before my readers what I have sought for in books of travel, and frequently sought in vain, It will be of no importance to follow any^ohionological order, and it would be rather tedious to give a regular narrative of one's wanderings. Thus much is necessary as an explanation. Now let me add that I will deal first with a few little anecdotes which I could not introduce so conveniently elsewhere, Let me begin with something about wild animals. Every new comer to the East is affected about tigers much as new chums in Australia are on the subject of snakes. It is difficult to say which are the most numerous. Probably they are about equally dangerous. To the excited imagination of the new comer in Australia, every twig upon the ground is converted into a snake, i and frequently his fears give him no rest day or night So it is in the East with regard to tigers. Some new come-- will scarcely venture out in the most populous dish his, and they have their eyes and ears open for every sensational tiger story. Old residents go to the other extreme, and utterly ignore the existence of such animals, and throw discredit on everything concerning t' em. Yet, in fact, they are numerous in the Malay Peninsula. At one time it was said that the mortality caused by tigers in Singapore averaged about one a day. The number is not so great now. Yet it is not every tiger that preys upon man. This is well understood by the Malays, who are careful not to provoke hostilities with a well-behaved and forbearing animal. In one of my many visits to the Bindings, a group of small islands about 70 miles south of Penang, when cruising round the largest island in a canoe, I saw two young tigers discussing the remains of a turtle on the beach. My boatmen were accustomed to see them, but remarked that as the animals never molested any one they were let alone. The Duty of the village had offered me the use of a new bungalow he had just built, but not occupied. This I had declined, on the ground that it was too far away in the jungle. Some days afterwards some Sikh police told me that a large tiger used occasionally to camp under the house. I saw plenty of footprints and traces of the animal's visits, and mentioned the matter to the Datu. He said, "Oh, yes! there are plenty here, but they are not chat" (wicked) they never take even a goat, or a calf, nor is there any tradition amongst us that they have ever done so, so we will not begin a quarrel." But the fact is that the islands are overstocked with wild pigs and dear. Tigers swim over from the mainland for the sake of the game which is so plentiful. So the islanders escape, especially as they do not go much into the jungle. It is well populated with plenty of domestic animals, but no accident ever happens. This is such a strong contrast with the country around Among Park. There, a German planter had a splendid, wolf dog taken from under his verandah. In a journey up the Salama River in August, 1884, I had the misfortune to lose one of my boatmen under very distressing circumstances. The Salama River forms part of the boundary between Reddan and the province of Wellesley. It is a narrow, rapid stream, deep in places, with dense jungle on each side. Salama is its principal, if not its only, village. On different occasions I spent several days and nights upon its waters. In going up the stream slow progress was made by pushing the canoe along with bamboo poles. The canoes are very small, with a low palm-leaf awning in the centre, under which the passengers sit or lie down. There are rarely three inches of free board over the water, and though caution is necessary, a capsize is not very common. At night the canoe is moored under the bank, or in the long jungle grass, which might harbour anything. Many a life is lost in this way. One evening, when near Salama, the canoe was moored amidst some jungle glass. The Malaya said it was too late to reach the village. But while gathering wood, they called me to see the fresh tracks of a large tiger on the mud bank. Naturally, I felt uneasy, and persuaded them to go further on. To my surprise, a band or two of the stream brought us to Salama, which the boatman had declared was several miles away. Here we found the people in much excitement. Several tigers had come around the village, and a fine heifer had been killed the night before. We went to see the carcase, and as it was near a large tree, it was suggested that a stage awning should be made in the bran lilies, and a watch should be kept for the tiger, which was sure to return for its prey. The stage awning was built, while I went about getting a lodging and fresh boatmen for the next day. One of those was a fine middle-aged Malay who, when the agreement was made, borrowed a rifle from me, as he meant to keep watch with others in the tree. Early next morning I was awakened by a concourse of villagers it my door. They were much excited, and told me that one of my boatmen was missing. What had happened was this: three men had kept watch in the tree, and towards daylight the man to whom I had lent my rifle had descended to set some fishing-lines, and had not returned. His companions were uneasy, and with some villagers, armed with spears, were starting on a search, and asked me to go with them, We went first to the river, and at a glance saw what had happened, The boat was covered with blood, and in the mud there were evident traces of a struggle between a man and a tiger. My rifle had fallen undischarged to the bottom of the boat, but the man had been dragged away. It was easy to follow the trail in the jungle grass, which was all smeared with blood. Neither had we to follow very far. In about 800 yards we came to a space where the grass was trodden down, and there was my poor boatman lying on his back, stone dead. The tiger had played with the body as cats do with their prey, for the grass was beaten down for 10 yards or so. The back of the man's head was crushed in like an eggshell, and there were dreadful wounds from the claws on the shoulders and thighs. The animal had leaped from behind upon its victim. One spring had done the work, and though the body had been played with none of it had been devour d. The grief of the Malays was loud and demonstrative. The widow and some relatives were present, so the scene was affecting in the extreme. Revenge was the first thought A party of 40 or 50 men sallied forth with many dogs and a lot of useless weapons. There was much shouting and gesticulation, but evidently the tiger had little to fear. After following his trail for several miles, and getting much nearer to him than they liked, they returned to give their friend and neighbour a grand funeral. That night the tiger came back for his prey. The corpse had been buried meanwhile, so he carried off the heifer, the victim of two nights before. The Malays cursed him, and threatened to tell the Rajah. No doubt the animal was much concerned. I never went tiger hunting, though, next to pig-stick- ing, it is considered the sport of the East It is a fond idea with hunters to be able to display a whole tiger skin which they have obtained from their Sport. As a general rule, it would be better to have the proud satisfaction of having a whole skin of their own. Some companions of mine who were with me in Salama went tiger hunting on foot, while I viewed the sport at a safe distance on the verandah of the bungalow, where I resided. My friends had about 20 Malays, five Sikh soldiers, and about a dozen fine dogs. The Malays were all experienced tiger hunters and trackers. So, having brought the Europeans to the entrance of the hair, they all ran away. But the dogs rushed in e, two of them were promptly killed, and the others turned tail!. As the tiger roared very much, my friends and the Sikhs took refuge in the trees, of which unhappily there were but few, and none raised them more than about 10ft from the ground, so it was fortunate for their clothes that the tiger did not go for them. He was engaged in discussing a pig, and very imprudently they fired a volley. I believe they hit the pig, and it is to be hoped thatpiglead disagreed with the tiger. Eventually they descended from the trees and returned home quite satisfied with their share of the excitement Sir Hugh Low, the Government Resident at Perak, informed me that in a certain sense the tigers of the Malay Peninsula are gregarious, that is to say, that for months, or even more than a year, they will not be heard of in a neighbourhood, and then suddenly they become very numerous. They happened to be plentiful when I was staying with the resident, and live ones were repeatedly brought in. I heard also of many accidents, especially amongst the boatmen while sleeping in small canoes by the river side, The curator of the Government garden at Ayer Paris, near Malacca, informed me that one morning at daylight he went to examine his young quinine plants and came unexpectedly upon a large tiger; surprise rivetted them both to the spot for an instant, and then they both turned round and sped away from each other as fast as they could. i 