I WOULD GIVE THE "WORD, in tljp name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. (Oheers.) I look upon a man suoh as that man Roe, who carried out these eviotions, and poured the petroleum upon the roofs in order to make them blaze, I look npon him as nothing better than a Thng or Bed Indian. (Hear, hear.) I would have no oompassiop for such a man. And to he told, a8 we are told by the newspapers, that tint is In obedienoe to the law. I Bay I BECLINE TO OBEY THE LAW, The law for England la made for the English people, to suit the English people, and the law for Ireland must be made to salt the Irish people. If the law does not say so, we will make it. (Load applause.) We are told that if these unfortunate people had land for nothing it would not support them. Is that any reason why they should be turned oat ? At any rate, they are not asking any charity from the world, They were living there in their miserable dens asking nobody for anything, and not lqoklng for support to the rates or the guardians or to anybody else. They were iiVing on the air of heaven, and somebody envies them their oablns and their rooks just as If they were rats or wild animals. What advantage could this bring to anyone P The landlord can't graze the land, and he can't till it. It is perfeotly useless except by the spade, and manual labour of these people. If you gave ijb to an ordinary agriculturist he would not take it, It is only with the aid of milch cows apd a few goats they manage to struggle out a miserable existence. And simply for the purpose of a oruel vindication of the law, these people are turned out. This is largely, dne to the desire of the AGMTTS, AND ATTORNEYS to thake fees against the estate. Yon will probably find that the agent, and the sheriff, and the solicitor made large profits obt of these evlotions. Mr. He sly then referred to the Dillon estate, and went on ito speak of the Plan of Campaign. We are told in the newspapers that the Plan of Campaign Is proclaimed, but I am not aware of any farther evidence on the suttjeot than the printer's ink with which it was printed. I met Mr. Deasy to-day, who had been np the night before until five o'clock in the morning collecting rents on an estate in the West of Ireland, and nothing touched me more than the account he gave me of the confidence of these unfortunate farmers in him and his friends. They poured their gold into bis pockets, and when he was leaving, beyond the faot that he was a member of Parliament, they neither knew his name nor anything else about him. When the Tory party and the English people charge the Irish leaders with corruption, or with the desire to defraud or profit in some way by the people of this country, I ask you to observe the • magnificent confidence in the integrity of the men who have been carrying on this movement We will accept the verdict of a jury- of our oountry. That verdiot has been given—it is a verdiot of confidence and public trust, and I feel sure that if t}ie Wtffk of this movement is continued, still larger grants may be expected from it. (Applause.) It is satisfactory to know, in the words of the Daily Express, that neither a Nationalist no more than an Qropgeman can any longer be terrified by the whiff and wind of .Viperegal proclamations. (Applause.) The money reoeiyed after the Plan was proclaimed Wps lpur or five times in excess of what it yrpt before the proclamation. (Applause.) Jupt as the blood of the martyr^ is the seed of the Church, so projgequtions and proclamations are the support of this movement. I would like to tay a few words with regard to THE EVIDENCE GIVEN IN THE POLICE COURT •Ith reference to the Plan of Campaign by the Government witnesses. We have all beard a great deal In this country of the difficulties that arise In the administration of justloe, and one of these difficulties fa the reluctance of these gentlemen tdglVe evidenoe, which, I must say, if In future any. person wants to know how skilfully, or clumsily, or audaciously thay committed perjury, he has only to Me * lesson by the feat of the Chief Sraratary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland* The Irish people now know, from the. highest sources of justice, sociattodi 'fo this country—The Attorney- CUnerf], the Chief Secretary, and the jDndfr-Seoretary, the resident magistrates, and others—that when they ace examined in court it 1« not at all necessary for them to assist Tins IDIMNST&ATIOIR; OF JUSTICE, •pd that whpt thqjr ahould do, instead of jusUt^ng the administration of justice, asslU^tpelr ,o,wi» friends, whether in the itypfl w;' otherwise. Therefore, I hope thw as to the, attitude—the perjured altitude—taken up by the Govern- ment witnesses In the recent State trials will not be lost upon the people, and that in future, when accusations of reluotanoe to help the administration of juatioe are hurled at our head, we shall not be Wanting in illustrations as to how in the same sense these men were wanting in it, Lastly, when we consider the amount of pressure sought to be brought by Sir Michael Hioka- IJeaoU to bear, on reluctant landlords, it is remarkable that at the fount of pressure itself there was a landlord to whom it rihould be applied, because I observe that Lord Castlereagh, the Lord-Lieutenant of this country, has met his indignant tenantry with only an additibn'sil .offer of 5 per cent, on the 10 per cent', abatement he had already offered. Landlords throughout the oouptry have not higgled at 5 per cent, they haye not given us an ultimatum of 15 per cent.—they have given a 25 to 30 per cent, redaction. In the Court of Chancery several reductions of 20 ppr cent, have been given ; reductions of 25 per oent. are common afnd 20 per cent, frequent, and It Is only on the estate of his loyal ahd Protestant tenantry the Lord-Lieutenant is jnlggard enough to give only 15 per oent. I trust this fact will not be lost upon the loyal and Protestant tenantry of his Exoellenoy and of Ulster. No doubt freedom of conscience and the open Bible are great things, and it will, no doabt, be highly satisfactory for the Protestant raokrented farmers to know they can open their Bibles and pay their rents at the old rate. But they must remember this, that the poor benighted Catholics of the South and West of Ireland are getting thetr 20 and 30 per oent. reductions simply because they had the courage and manhood to insist upon'them. (Applause.) The Plan of Campaign has proved a more potent, a stronger, and a more determined weapon In the enforcement of law and order la this oountry than all the edicts the Government of this oountry has ever issued. (Loud applause.) The Chairman. Gentlemen,—Before we break up I am sure you will all be glad to welcome amongst you Fr. Egan, of Woodford. (Loud applause.) I will only say of him he has proved a more formidable obstruction to the Government than a dozen Saunders' forts. (Hear, hear.) 