THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Boyal. " The Tempest." George and Co. —Opera House. " The Forty Thieves." —Princess' Theatre. "Harbour Lights." Willia Garner and Musgrove's. Dramatic Company. —Bijou Theatre. Grattan Riggs and Co. —Alexandra Theatre. Closed. —Victoria Hall. Clark's " Silk Stockings." —St. George's Hall. Closed. —Waxworks. Dr. Lynn's Ihdas. —The Lynch Family of Bellringers the other crossed their conveyances over the river at Tabulam casks, the feat being successfully accomplished, notm standing the flooded state of the river. •Things theatrical are at present not very livelyin Buburbs. One night last week a show took place and management had not the requiste coin to pay the f of the company back to Melbourne. The fare was t pence each 121 —Chicago delights in big. things. The latest project to build a theatre, the most capacious in the world, will have a frontage of 362ft., a depth of 187ft., will 6000 people, and will coat £450,000. Probably it will be disappointment to its founders to learn that the G Opera in Paris cost more than twice as much. —The disastrous close of the Italian opera New York left 23 chorus singers and 16 members of corps de ballet in a state of destitution. By the gener of the Italian consul in that city and some of his patriots, and with the aid, of some liberal coucee ' on the part of the Translantic Steam-packet Compan the poor creatres were furnished with passages home. —A minstrel and variety show visited one of suburbs the other evening. 'No salaries were visible, the performers didn't offer; any objection. One of corner men turned out to be a well-known metropoli member of the P. It. —Glad to see Shaw-Cross up and about again. —Another addition to the population. A son and to the house of Tom Higginbotham. We may expectto shortly " Causes of insolvency—drinking the youngs' health." —Lynch, senior, of bell-ringing fame, is Hiving i Carlton. —On Tuesday, 22nd of March, the "Australia Comique," Harry Allnutt, gives a grand concert is & Emerald Hill Mechanics' Institute. A magnificent 1 gramme is being prepared of which more anon. —Mary Dickens, a granddaughter of the novelist,1® shortly appear in Barry Sullivan's company as leadi? juvenile. - —The Dan Barry Company arrive in Melbourne FriJij morning after a most successful tour in the North-m Where, though they struck circuses and other stor they carried all before them. —On Good Friday next the people of Adelaide havet rare musical treat in store for them, Haydn's "Creation will be produced by the Philarmonic Society, with always popular H. Gordon Gooch, A.R.A.M., condnc' On Easter Monday a grand miscellaneous concert will given. —Mr. John Gourlay, who is at present on a visitt) Melbourne, will very likely make his appearance 1) before returning to America. The New York Eer speaking of this gentleman, says:—Mr, John Gourlay iff sturdy, active, versatile and keenly humorous arU- In " Skipped By the Light of the Moon " he is sinfl inimitable! He says the most astoundingly provoW things, and sings and dances better than any ow specialty artist »n the stage he keeps the spectators' a roar of laughter all the time and, by bis outrage; distortions of the much- abused English language, nr. delicate maidens scream, staid maidens call forsnie" salts and sober-minded men feel around for brickbat! Such another entertainment cannot be found onIK footstool, at least on this side of it. That the funny must not even be hinted, for the word "iunnr does not fill the bill or describe the play. It 18 J ihantasmogoria of mirth, a regular emporium r ! aughing gas. Moreover, it is performed witb ftw® dash and rush that are captivating and infectious. —One of, if not the strongest, Minstrel and Varietyw®| binations that ever faced a Melbourne audience w shortly take the road. The managers of the concern Charles and Harry Cogill, who recently figured pro nently in the Royal pantomime, and previously » leading members of the Billy Emerson party. ForffW time past they have been busily engaged perfeo arrangements which, by-the-way, have, for reasoM their own, been carried out in the most mystery manner. Nobody, not even members of the know in what direction they are going (excu r course, the Cogills), We presume that the idea of W ing everything a secret was to prevent any " snide jumping out in front of them. Of one thing we certain, it will take a remarkably strong team to its own against them. Froii what we can glean tue^ C.'s are doing things in really grand style, pany, amongst others, will include Jsvo gent of Moore and Burgess' Minstrels) who are now doing^ antipodes in search of health, several members o'. .- recently disbanded Federals, Harry Sullivan («* " Fun-on-the- Bristol" push), ^George Jones (ofi ino ? Stockings"), Ted Amery, Jimmy Wilkinson, wais King (Billy Emerson's song and dance men),M>® Davenport (Clark's crowd), Fanny Sarony (Suerw ; aarty), and a boBt of other ladies and gentlemen, nu» : ng in all 30 actual performers, there being not a8®!> • dummy or " chair warmer." On the rise of the curtaw j company iB not discovered on the chairs; the stag^ empty, and the music comes from behind thesceiieB.^ ladies and gentlemen enter as if from a ballroom, w^j guests assemble on the stage, etc. The two Cogui 8 Bhow in themselves, and would, without doubti p« tower of strength to any crowd travelling. Tbecomp^ we believe (though, mind you, this is the gu&rdeaj;^ open in Warrnambool, then Portland, from tneu^ Hamilton, and eventually strike Ballarat. Only placeB named in order to get everything into smp*,j They then return to Melbourne, Atinot play, butF*jjj at once to Sydney, opening at the .Gaiety Theatre w. 2nd April, Melbourne is to have the pleasureoi company during Cup time. Business matters are hands of the well-known Fred. Duval, from wnoffi*,j pardon for giving the movements of theshow clean ® . Walsh and King are only .probable starters. ——"— TIVTV Company open in Sandhurst on the _Tl>e Dau genBation drama, "Snared." One of itb ^h".;, t ions of this piece is in the second act, be clJief aura^ i S a vast spectacular display of firehe .technic devices. The services of a well- •orlisana I'J*', iEt bave been engaged to make the uoffi) l>V r °ii-o spleil(iid as possible, while halficeue as f 0 '.'*;, t] ie performance commences a free .ii'liouv Wiil be given in front of the theatre jieplay_ a o draff tlie ,' iou 0 p 6 ra, there are two or three new -J}"'?!'™ iu6t uowiu Italy out of the innumerable tones jes bciufc r. 1 * j t f or th, which seem destined to live. " eS f the best is " Salaminbo," by Nicolo Massa, taken |0ne ->. . MV . .. Flaubert's l^lo nil famous work. Then there is Ifrom ous 1 , ifae i 0 -La Notte di San Giovanni," by ["Madawa I Leonora," by Serpeulc. Perhaps Mr. Ipascusio, ' j is way to give us one of these operas h i r 1 '^n nrto Mclbourne next August., lou l« s 11W;ent moineut tbe Fisk Jubilee Singers are _\t the l. . Vow Knfl.1n.nd. Tn Mnsliprtmi S doing iVoiiitaiits) they scooped in £170 in two nights. S s Co back from the provinces with a i , i 11of cold They open in Melbourue shortly, l 6ftl *mith to fortune and to fame unknown sends I I the manuscript of a new play, asking the great |D ama Uv to become his collaborateur. Dumas is for a |drauia U!,L tl. ified theu he seizes his pen, and replies :— tuWHK'ni l vou si',. propose to yoke together a.horse and s„ Howa.il J author, bv return of post:—"How dare r aUllsB i;- rail we a horse?" Dumas (by next mail):— l 5 '°V,! A vou>- play, my young friend." (He sent.) Se U L adv^meut of:-"A party wanted to travel I ^ n fii- atrical company as treasurer," brought about F 1 "' „, .j e between a suburban young man and a man the other day. "Did you ever act in e • nacitv was asked. " No; but I feel equal to the EUOU wi < .,J „ Q1] do ou ? How wm you go to work to o n ? C1 ',?'out on the road for our first show?" "Why, f ,, vou cot any money ?" "Not a crimson-coloured haveuc l^fc g^. i]ie luck the first night, and we may ^Jnnor business for a week. Can you arrange to keep Sug uutil we hit pay dirt?" " I don't see how." "And vou a talker? Can you got us put of a hotel where 1 oVpowins board, lodguig and the usual sundries, liavi nnthinc to pay with ? Can you give owners of halls the Lr!nd 6tand-off? Can you fix it with ticket agents to « ns as dead-heads ? When the ghost comes around smooth it with the company?" " I—I don't i »iipve I could." " Nor I, either. Young man, go hence 1 rn nut and strike a job of sawing wood, shovelling dirt nr ditch digging in Colhngwood. You'll have less on vnur mind and more on your pocket." _tfr F S. Norris, limelight artist at the Theatre l-Rnval Sydney, took a cab recently outside the Criterion ' Theatre and ordered the cabman to drive to Crown- | xiie man went down Riley-street, which is off the I direct route, and in Albion-street, close to Crown-street, I Mr Norris put his hand through the root aperture as a Ifjmal to Stop. As he went to alight he was struck f violently in the face, knocked down, and robbed of a ' valuable gold watch, gold chain, and pendant consisting f t a sovereign encased in crystal, one face broken. Hundreds of people were about, but the affair occupied t ] , a f ew niomeuts. Just as it was over, the last Crown- [ gtreet tram drew up. The cabman is described as a ' lantern-jawed, larrikin- looking fellow, wearing a cabbagetree )j a t, with a leather strap rove through the base of tbe crown. He drove a bay horse of fast pace. Mr. Norri6 is of opinion that a confederate struck him as he alighted. A limelight artist assaulted! 1 ! and no Kiguold to the rescue ? Oh, George, George! -Miss Florence Wade, Henry Alleyne and Company, last beard of at Auckland. Miss May Hill and Hoy Grenfell have joined them. The company, as a whole, is not anover-strong one. . _" The nsiug young Australian dramatist," Mr. Inigo TjTrell, and " the enterprising youug entrepe'immtr," Mr • George Dalziel, who recently assumed management of i tbe Gaiety Theatre with tlie purpose of reforming altoloetber and presenting a series of dramatic novelties, [ have disappeared, and the season commenced by them is [ now being carried ou -with more profitable results—by I tlie proprietor, Mr. Johu Solomon. Talking of Inigo, he | once informed us that he liad a piece that even tae stage I at the Melbourne Royal was not large enough for its proi Suction; anyhow, he's left the Gaie ty. A case of out I go ffor In-i-go. | —We ofteu hear of the theatrical people bringing down [ the bouse, and (in some cases) that if they entera church j tbe building will tumble in on .them. Be that as it may, ! but it is a fact that during tbe performance of " Faust" j at tbe Alexandra theatre, last week, while the act drop was down the church scene fell in on the top of those on tbe stage. This necessitated a little delay while repairs were going ou, after which the curtain was " rung up " and all went on as per usual. —We are sorry to hear that the New Zealand crowd, beaded by Johnny Hall and G. P. Carey, are not particularly successful. They left for Maori-land in September last, but the biz on the North Island was not tempting enough to induce them to tackle the South. Their opening piece was the now notorious "Mixed." "HisNatural .Life" was also included in the repertoire. Nevermind, Johnny, better luck next trip, old boy. —Ou Tuesday, the 8th March, Miss Minnie Palmer will open for a second and farewell season at the Bijou Theatre. The initial bill on this occasion will consist of Pinero's extravagant farce, " The Schoolmistress" (produced by special arrangement with Mr. St. Maur). A l^me paper describes the piece as one great laugh from beginning to end, —Anthony Trollope said that Australian people blow." Well, judging by the recent Firemen's Brass Band Contest, Trollope did not shoot very wide of the mark. r —An up-country paper thus:—"Dan Barry, with a ; powerful dramatic company, is showing in the south-east. | ^bey will play at Penola to-night. Dan is the greatest 16liowmaii this side of the equator. The way he puts the f jam on when he strikes a country town is simply | immense. His stock gag is that the town he is at present " itfing m is the prettiest and most prosperous part he . . 3 ever stuck. His only regret is that he could not lay ! Ji|s bones to rest in the beautiful little cemetery over the S it would give him infinite pleasure to do so, only I numerous pressing engagements in other places : peremptorily demand his attention." : i ~ Jirom y John Stofel Williamson is rusticating in Mel- Dourne. — Harry Sullivan, of " Fun-on-the-Bristol" 5?™" et y. benefitted at St. George's Hall on Saturday.— ,,, ,. lle Holly made a very successful re-appearance at J™ femperance Hall on Saturday.—Harry Allnutt, the Bio 9 18 to !^®' benefit in the near future. — George S'Snold s Theatre Royal season is to run up till Easter.— ve™ i 8 5 mg wel1 in the country.—Rumour says that a ome i)»»wj i actor-manager has been trying his Rirr^i eet hold of the Alexandra Theatre—Bill twP ' Drury-lane clown," is to throw in his lot with niimi . Family, a feat which now brings the total bov ki Performers up to eleven.—Fanning, a Sydney nriti'i fi Partner Alf Lawton on the corner in connection cZn lawton Minstrels.—Amery is engaged by tbe and ii nn J :ent; ~ Cauuou a " d Diuuie go for each other on \? n Satui 'day night.—Riggs' Bijou season closes sllort Jife and a ve Cbariip o i T> very merry one.— tbfi nvfm j 1 18 a richer man over Saturday's races to R fw °- f ^200--0n Saturday evening, when the rain wasnKtn^er f 1Ug do^u in torrents, Harry Sullivan's face Hart ofw ' a Palter.—Jack Fanning, agent in town.— wife 'in a l 3py Hours," in town.—Tommy Empson and Humv „ tbe , N -S,W. towns.—Hosea Easton has joined AmfttP„v=V sh Tlle latter - have finished in Sydney.- FolovnriL i? gone into training for the Clauscenon tanr r ^^ ^°es not accompany Martin Simonsen ular—"'at o 1 ltts ' pop-corn establishment very popmi8tresR''M- We - etlleart " has developed into the "Schoolladies ' Ul ? n l e Palmer's Bijou re- appearance.—Several bad npTO^h! with Simonsen's Opera Company have Waxworks destroyed by the recent fire next to the Sydney ® 1 P lons6 n Company are now on their road to s «urdav iiiaw t m ey °P en 111 the Theatre Royal on iournevAd i'?, ; Tlle principal members of the company small ? v v , Q V a " d > bavin g a concert to give on the way. ok bo ten weolts m, a t- The season is arranged for f aiBed tn L n price of admission to the stalls will be th e 6 amioHtn' d - the dress circle. This wUl test ^he opei-AE t^ u - y musical folks for high-class fare, "II Trovf tov .. e P 0r i°rmed during the season will be :— "^orma""-r ?' "Lucia di Lammermoor," "Faust," 0 ,'Un Balln in i!i D evereux" (new), "Barber of Seville,' ! ne n " r,n7,. - scbel ' a <" " Bigoletto," "Promessi Sposi," i M °ntechi" fh 1^Bol 'gia." "Belisaro" (new), " Capuleti °°Unanihnio v," 1)0,1 Giovanni," " La Traviata," "La opening hill »T> . n Trovatore." The latter will be the 6 tu m . • Brisbane and Adelaide will be visited in . —By the last mail we have the joyful intelligence that the George Melville Dra matic Company were in Gisborne (VZ.) and were making up their minds and portmanteaux to strike Auckland. We don't know what Auckland has done to deserve it; still it's a fact. Miss Lillie Bryer, we are glad to learn; has now fully recovered from her iate serious illness. Harry Power has left the company and joined Georgie Smithsou. —Signor Sali, the athlete, was to have been the recipient of a benefit iu Brisbane. The audience was such an exceedingly shy one that it was not thought worth while to ring up the curtain. We have heard of performers " carrying the audience with them," and this is what Sali will be compelled to do if things go on like this. Surely such a popular man of strength as Sali ought to be able to "raise" a bit of an audience. —New Zealand seems to be regularly cleaned out. Any quantity of shows are travelling, but none of them are making fortunes. W., G. and M.'s Dramatic Company are not turning money away from tlie doors in Wellington. —D'Orsay Ogden and Miss Hellen Fergus (Mrs. O.) have been hovering about Tasmania for some months past. A few days ago several of the leading residents of Seottsdale took it into their heads to benefit them iu the local Mechanics' Institute. " The Rifle Volunteer " and " The Bashful Lover" were performed by Mr. and Mrs. D'O. Local amateurs supplied the rest of the bill. —In the Divorce Court, Sydney, Sir William Manning has granted divorce in the case Mortyne v. Mortyne, in which the wife petitioned on the ground of her husband's misconduct with au actress named Frew. —The Georgie Smithson Dramatic Company write us from Wellington (New Zealand). They are doing ouly a soso biz. The principal members of the company are Misses Georgie Smithson, Nellie Edwards, Fynmore, and Messrs. James Holloway, Lawrence, Dunbar and Newcome. The last two newcomers. —Smith and Perman's Co. are doing Dunedin. L&chy; M'Gowan is with the>m. Biz not brilliant. —American papers affirm that Mrs. Langtry intends making the United States her home. She is investing all the profits of her tour in New York and Brooklyn property. We suppose she will soon be known as the New Jersey Lily. We are to have a new cigar shortly, christened after the Lily. —Mme Modjeska's latest production, "Daniela," not proving a success, has been withdrawn from the Unionsquare Theatre, New York, —Liddy with W. G. and M.'s crowd doing New Zealand. —Theodore Matthews, late clown at the Royal panto., has " brought down the bouse" with his circus in Brisbane. Of course they were on money-making bent, and in their endeavours to " raise the wind" the tent was blown down by a storm. Fortunately no damage was done. —The disbanding of the Hiscocks' Federal Minstrels has thrown out a few good people, from which minstrel managers can pick and choose. —Theatrical managers naturally enough object to open air shows when they take the shape of fireworks displays. But, here, listen to this—it is whispered, and, of course, is only " another idle rumour," that one of our managers is about to make arrangements at home for treating Melbourne people to open air shows ou a grand scale. —Mr. Boothroyd Fairclough is to be seen daily doing the block in Melbourne. Another really good man doing nothing. It's a good while now since Melbourne playgoers have seen this popular actor behind the footlights. There was some talk a short time back of his heading a company at the Alexandra Theatre, but (like a good many more things now-a-days) nothing came of it. —The Holloway Dramatic Company do the Victorian provinces at Eastertide. There appears to be a mint of money in this company since the return of Miss Essie Jenyns from England. Unless we are very much mistaken " Little" MacMahon is mixed up in this provincial spec. 