THE BOHEMIAN. -3/ Very little haa been written Vbout im pos'oraaa a class. Indlviduala from among the class Toave received their das share of attention from friends and foes asocca muii_reijuirea, uus no ausnor wina. wuulll I am acquainted haa attempted anything like .a logical definition of the subject. ' An impostor/' the dictionariea tell U3, is 'lone who endeavours to impose.' Yes j bat to impose what, and how-, and upon whom 1 The English Government and- '.people endaavoured to ' im poaef their rule and . their taxes upon their American, colonists,*, but the English did not earn- the title of 'im- postpra' by the attempt, whatever other terma: of reproach were, affixed to them. And IjBhould beTjor^i 'to,' regard the many well- meaning persona whoendeavour fco ^-imjxMie' their , opinions' on me by confident assertion, and constant reitera tion as~»' impOTtoia'yaciy^mora than I shoold bo describe ' the talented craftsman whOjIam.toldinprinteV8alang, will 'im- pose^ this article upon Eomething or other before its type is in condition to reproduce Impressions on paper joe the reader's eye. Stray thoughts of a suggestive kind on the subject of impoatora find a place here. and there 'among the writings of great men. -'i Butler- &ay3; ,-' the. pleasure i3 ? aa great of ^ being cheated, a3 to cheat,' and Jeremy Bentham. hint3 that . moat Im postors- begin by being dopes, . and that then the dupe character alternates with the impostor character until at last the latter triumphs and expeb-its companion aa an effete encumbrance. A Mend, whose words ?'-I used -to value as much as if I had read them in print, once told me that -he regarded a mutual acquain tance as an impostor, because he wore a peculiar- shaped hat with a broad brim. My friend argued thus : The head is the most dignified -part of the human frame, the seat of intelligence and the source of command/ and ia cho3en among all peoples aa the part to be adorned with the insignia of authority. It is there that the Kfag wears his crown, the noble his coronet, the knight his helmet or plumed- cap, and the matron, in the east of Europe, her crown,- and in the west her feather, 'NcHr-the man,' he continued, ' who surrounds his head with anything striking or peculiar, without any special right . thereto,; - and'-1 looks down upon me from under it — my friend was a little man— i3 seeking to impose upon me.' l Impressed with this view, I for many years regarded every man with a broad-brimmed hat aa an im postor, till having occasion to travel to the sunny south I adopted a wide-awake myself, and then I discarded the Idea. These little scraps are not : introduced bo much., by way of materials. -to serve any reader who deairea to write a treatise on the, subject as to Qluatrate the' paucity of ; learning aherit^ ttj* forcJ1n;the course of a fairly' studious life I have lit npon little more. Hypocrisy has' Had its fair share of flloatraiion, ridicule, and denunciatfon, but the, im postor, and the hypocrite are , two totally different animals, and the world of letters hasbeeri vastly neglectful of the' former. It is only proper, .therefore, that I should contribute my mite o£ experience as to a class of people to one of whom,' humanly speaking, I owe my life.' I lay very ill at the house of a friend, himself a member of the medical profes sion He would not treat me him self, but got other : doctors to come and do no, and confined him self to seeing that their treatment was carried oat. But I got. worse and worse, and at last my host suggested that — though he did not want to frighten me — I should make my will before I became too weak to do so. He then added— 'I have a delicacy in suggesting to you * to call in my friend Dr. D— , the author of 'Fallacies of the Faculty,' and, as you know, thoroughly detested by the profes sion as the greatest quack in London.' I could scarcely speak, but managed to whisper — te London is a large place. A man who is the greatest quack in London must be a clever fellow. Fetch Urn.' In the afternoon he came. My host met him in the hall, and the ' quack' immediately entered upon a long story of a dispute he had had in print and [n debate with his professional brethren, [n a loud voice, and with a broad Scotch iccent, he repeated the childish reasoning of his foes and his own conclusive demon strations. As he came up the staircase he paused every now and then to thump the banister by way of emphasizing the - [ores of his logic. He Btrode into my room with his hat on — and he kept it on— and continued his account of the fray, which became more and more stormy as it proceeded, like tha tale of battle ? chanted by the bard in the. sick chamber, of Roderick Dho. 'And there, sir,' he concluded, 'I im paled the despicable wretches on the horns of a dilemma from which they can't escape. Serfs of authority, slaves of pre judice, self- constituted exponents of a human nature too grand for their con tracted understandings — I left them, to rot, book-bound, in the learned offal of their dens cf ignorance. And I wound up with a little fable painting the difficulty of rescuing the public from such- impostors. It represented a traveller finding a jaded and overburdened ask lying helpless in a ditch, unable to move for the burthen strapped upon his back. Releasing the pack from the animal's back the humane traveller enabled the ass to regain his feet, but the first act of the donkey was to kick his benefactor, and so I conclude— - ' ? 111 fares the wight who, braving banded schools, , From learned knaves would save confiding fools. . .:^ ' . ';- _... . ?_-? ? And now Pm going to have a final shot at the lancet, and then I'll leave the rascals to their fate. 111 show it you when Tve done it, and now, good-by ; I must ' be off.' And he strode* to the door. . ' ' ' : . 'But tie 'patient, doctor,1' cried , my host, detaining him.; 'you've forgotten the patient.' . Jj '? ' Oh, aye,' said the doctor ; 'give me a bit of .paper.'. . ; v He wrote hastily on the back of a letter, and aa . he was _ not talking I managed to make my voice heard. '-Had Dot I better tell you,' I whispered, ' what's the matter with me 1' ' What 1' exclaimed ' 'the7! doctor, startled, 'you, sir, venture to tell me, sir, what's the matter with you ? Ye' ve a pretty share. of impudence' for your years !' . ? . 'But had you. not better see what I have been taking 1' (Here my host shook his head at me ; but too late.) ' What ye've been taking ?' roared the doctor. 'Ye must be an exquisitely constructed young imbecile if ye'd regu late the paces o* the lion by the foot prints o' the mouse. Take what I have ordered ye§ Kke a well-intentioned idiot, there's a good fellow; get out of bed whenever you like and go where you like, bat don't come and see me till Thursday' (it was then Monday), ''and both of ye come and dine with me at 6. And now good morning. Yes, sir,' he continued, as he descended tfre stairs, ' I've rammed and crammed the truth into 'em till it haa nigh burst theii ? craven sk na— humbu gs, Impostors,' *c , -&cr; till at last he left. 'A heartless, self-enveloped mounte bank!' X thought as I lay, exhausted, on my pillow. ? ? ? fl^ medicine came. 'X took oae dosa and eat heartily -for the first time for a month. I got oat of bed, but could bardly stand. Half an hour after the next dose; I dressed myself. I slept well fiat night. The next day I went out, and on the Thursday I dined with the doctor In company irith the gentleman at who38 Iiouse I lay. The1 'quack' was a graduate of Edinburgh; he had served a3 surgeon in a cavalry regiment through an Indian campaign; he was an accomplished scholar in other tongues and a master of bis tro, both in prose and verse. The dinner was good. I ate fairly bat drank little, and received many compliments from my entertainer for understand ing the position which he had taken np in hia professional controversies. Leaving, however, to another occasion my own further experiences on this inte resting subject, I may be allowed to burden the reader -with those of a gentle man and a lady whose names, a3 will be presently seen, I am bound to disguise. Let me call them Isabella Marvel and Ernest Singleton. Singleton had pursued a distiE gnished career at afampu3 College,' which Oxonians will recognise when I call it f ' Saint Deryorguilla' — a career which culminated in a fellowship at the same housa of learning. Among his intimate friends was a young collegian of the name of Marvel, the son of a London lawyer rapidly rising in repute. This friendship resulted in Singleton being invited to the Marvels' in the Long Vacation, when everybody in the house became very pleased with him and it was arranged that he should join the family in their trip on the Continent, where, on the arrival of the lawyers' long vacation, the party would ba aug mented by the addition of Mr. Marvel, sen., now on Circuit. Ths Rhine, the valleys of Switzerland, the streets oi Vienna, and the shores of the Mediterranean were all pleasant j but, even if the scenes had been leas inviting, no man in Single ton's place could have helped falling in love with Isabella Marvel. And no woman, capable of appreciating the wit and learning of an accomplished scholar. could have wished for a more manly specimen than Ernest Singleton. And so 3he fell in love with him. Met at Nice by Mr. Marvel, sen., the party resumed its rambles, during the course of which, without any esprea3 declaration, the relations between the young lady and her brother's College friend became, 'an understood thing.' Going home through Paris, at precisely the worst time of the year to see it, the travellers inspected its principal lions, and had time to spare for minor investigations. One evening at dinner Mr3. Marvel told Singleton that she had been with Isabella to see the famous Professor of Palmistry (M. Desbarrolles), of whom they had beard so much. ' He i3 such a charming man,' said she, Cl and he teli3 you such wonderful thinga, and hia fee i3 so trifling, you must really go.' Isabella'3 eye3 achoed her mother's advice. 'Qaite right,' said Marvel, senior, ' always idvise a young man to spend his money on impostors, and then he'll be wiser when he grows older.' 'As the ladies have formed bo high an opinion of this mountebank,' said Singleton, 'I will go ind Bee him.' ?: .. On one of the upper floors of -a tall bouse Singleton found the 'mounte- bank,' and having paid a fee to his at tendant wa3 ushered into the master's studio. The large room seemed haunted with ghosts of hands. Pictures of palms with all the lines and mound3 and marka concealed the walla ; plaster casts of hands crowded the tables and the shelves ; while cabalistic figures, which did not seem con nected with hands at all, decorated the chimneypiece. In less than a minute Singleton was seated with outstretched palm by the side of the Professor. What the latter said to him with reference to phalanges and mounds, his line of life, his hepatica, his campus Martis, his gratings, ind his crosses is more than I have time co recount. But. examining the cardiaca, jr line of the heart, just where it starts irom under the mound of Jupiter to march outwards beyond the base of the inger of Mercury, he pronounced these nrorda of fate — ' You are destined to gain ionour by marriage.' This was the very thing which at the moment was nearest to Singleton's heart, ind he thought of little else and remem bered little else as he walked down the staircase and back to the hotel. 'When he rejoined hia friends he men tioned, of coursej that he had seen the impostor, b^it hesitated to say what the latter had told him. Considering his re ations with Isabella Marvel, Singleton iid not regard it as quite the thing to nform the members or a mere lawyer's ramily of the 'honour' to which hi3 line )f the heart pointed. It would be. a3 nnch as saying that his fate would require lisi to jQt Isabella, or else that she would lie early to give place to a second wife, irho was to be the vehicle of distinction, rhis made him silent and thoughtful, and yhen the family observed this unusual :ondition they attributed it to some de pressing prediction from the chiromantic iracle. Now, it turned out that Isabella Marvel iad received quite sufficient food for reflection owing to her own visit to the jame quarter ; only, being a woman, she aad wits enough to conceal it at the out set. In examining the cardiac line of IVTibh Marvel the Professor had noticed a :ertain ring near the triple sources of its commencement under the Jovial mound. 'You are destined bo gain honour by marriage,' said he. Now for poor Isabella at the age of 20 It was quite sufficient ' honour' to marry & fine fellow like Singleton ; but, con sidering his apparent position, she thought the term inappropriate. So when she noticed hb silence on the subject of the Professor's predictions she began to pat two and two together, thua : — 'My fate is to marry a Duke, or say a Marquis or Earl, and Ernest Singleton has conse quently been informed that he is not destined to marry me.' Love, however, would still hare been lord of all if it had not been that Singleton had been so reserved and thoughtful, which gradually made the lady at strange momenta reserved and thoughtfnl too. The trip passed off very pleasantly, of course, for there were plenty of things and places to see, and young people cannot long succumb even to a chiromantic bogey. Every one wa3 pleased with Singleton, and. he felt a great liking for the Marvel family ; but the necessity for making a formal declara tion a3 regards Isabella had not arrived. The Marvels returned to their house in town, and Singleton to his collegiate duties. During all the distractions, joys, and solitudes of hia life at the University Isabella, though, lost to sight, was still dear to Singleton's memory. Sometimes of course he wondered in what quarter he 3hould meet with a Duchess, 'or say a Countess, so that he might at least reject the chance of attaining honour by marriage ; but he never met a Daclies3 or a Counr teas. Isabella, on her part, could, not sonceive of herself forming any attach ment except to Singleton, but she wa3 satisfied that he was only a talented gentleman without influence, and she thought if there vr&3 anything in cMro tnancy she should at least have the oppor tunity of refusing a nobleman. No nobleman, however, presented him3elf for her refusal. Singleton in course of time made np his mind that Desbarrolle3 was a thorough impostor, and resolved, having taken orders, to accept tha first College living that 'came down' to him, vacate his fellowship, and marry. Chiromancy seemed to Isabella such a thorough delusion that sha accepted the arrangement Upton Sicca, In tie West of England, belonged to Saint Dervorgtdllaj and, when a vacancy occurred there, it was refused by all the senior I ello^a aa being a poor living, and so it 'cams down' to Singleton, who, to the surprise of all, accepted it The fellowship was dropped, but Isabella had a handsome allowanca from her father, and therefore Ceres, a3 well &3 Yenus, graced the rectory at Upton Sicca. Meanwhile, Mr. Marvel, sen., had been elected to Parliament. After his first session he was appointed Solicitor-General, being tka ablest legal member of his. party. The Attorney- General becoming Chief Justice Marvel succeeded to his place, and about a fear afterwards there was a vacancy on the woolsack, A strong man was 'wanted 'there/ and every finger pointed to MarveL Marvel took the place, to. the great benefit of himself and of ' the party,' and there was much joy at Upton Sicca when the rector's lady (much beloved in the parish) put 'the honourable' on ker cards. It in needless to tell how often. Mr. and Mrs. Singleton left Upton Sicca to tha charge of a trustworthy curate, and tobka brief part in ths great world of London life, nor whom they met in town, nor what a favourable impression so admirable a scholar and a gentleman, made on the Prime Minister, to whom he was presented by so valuable a colleague as the then occupant of the. woolsack; Suffice it to say that merit received its reward, and on the offer of the See of Cantche3ter Singleton had an opportunity - of ! saying Nclo episcopan, but didn't. He took his seat on the Episcopal bench in the house over which his wife's father presided, and Isabella took her place at the Bishop's palace with the same grace which had made her beloved at Upton Sicca. Under these circumstances it was thought necessary by some one that the new Bishop of Cant chester should have hi3 portrait executed by a first-rate artist, and of course in lawn sleeves, for lawn sleeves look so well in a picture. . And one day the portrait was brought homa and was stood on two chairs in the library, like a. bishop on probation, waiting to be hung. : And as the Bishop stood and looked at it with a keen episcopal eye that would, allow of no latitude in essentials, Mrs.. Singleton came and stood by his side and took his hana and looked at the picture; too. ' By-the-way, Isabella,' said the Bishop, ' yon never told me exactly .what that chiromantist impostor told you about your— your— your prospects in life?' ' His words,' said Mrs. Singleton, laugh ing were these : — ' You are destined to gain honour by marriage.' 'You don't mean it!' cried the Bishop, startled. 'Why those are the very words he said to me. Charlatan ! moun tebank ! he ha3 the same tale for all. However, it teaches one a lesson' — — 'Indeed, my dear Ernest, it does,' said the lady gravely. 'At all events it teaches me not to deride a par son or a system until I have proved them. If you had not married me, you would not have been what you are, and if I had been tempted to be unfaith ful to our early attachment I might have been standing to-day in face of a picture less promising and less agreeable.' ' Yes, indeed, what you say is true ; but,' continued the Bishop (unable to extricate himself from the pictured sleeves), ' but, you know, my dear Isa bella, I should hardly like unequivocally to allow the truth of a system so calcu lated to mislead others into' ' Oh, I quite understand you,' said the lady, laughing ; ' you are ready to listen to the predictions of palmistry as a man, while ?yarning others against them a3 a Bishop. Ha ! ha ! ha ! Tres ecclesi astique, my new-made lord of lawn, and quite in character with what you have become /' And she laughed and curteaied, and left Singleton in front of his painted sleeves. ? ^_ ? 