THE WISE WOMEN OF INVERNESS. all bights beskbved. a tale By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Macleod op Dabe," "Ju dith Shakespeare," "White Wings," " Pbincess op Thule," &c;„ Ac. chapteb l — at fasslie park. Deep and heavy the long-swelling surge of the North Sea thundered along the Cromarty shore ; and high and shrill above that reverberating plunge sang and whfatled and shrieked a strenuous wind, sweeping inland from the wide waste of waters ; bnt nevertheless there was not a clood in the clear night sky ; the world was filled with a lambent white moonlight ; and far across the silver- touched waves there was visible the dusky outline of the opposite coast, by Fort George, and Nairn, and Findhorn, and Burghead. In a small and dimlv-llt MMlm In a farm-house bnilt high over that wild sea, an old— or rather, elderly— man was seated in front of a massive iron chest, the top of which he was carefully scraping with some kind of iron instrament. He was a man abort of stature, bnt of power ful build ; his face hard set and tanned and furrowed with wind and son and rain ; bis hair almost white, and white also the bnsby eyebrowB set over a pair of remarkably penetrating grey eyes. This man was Robert Graham, the ten ant of an extensive sheep farm; and the huge iron coffer before him, from which he was diligently scraping the last traces of whatever paint might still be visible, had been at one time the military chest of the garrison at Fort Angnstos, from whence it had been allowed to fall Into private hands when the Fort was dis" mantled. Bnt it was not the contents of this massive chest that seemed to concern the farmer ; it was the few remaining touches of green paint here and there ; and to aid him in the searching removal of these he had placed a solitary candle beside him, though, indeed, as the coffer stood in the window-recess, there was almost enough light coming in from the moonlit world witbont to enable him to prosecnte his task. Now so still and hashed was this little room that, in spite of all the wild roar of the wind and sea outside, the scratch ing of the iron point was quite audible ; and not only that, bnt also certain low muttering! with which from time to time tbe old man gave expression to sncb fancies as crossed his brain. Bnt these were broken and detacbed,for sometimes he relapsed into silence ; and so it will be more convenient to put them down here consecutively, and iu as plain lan guage as possible. 'I am not more superstitious than most ; bnt it's better to be on the safe side. Tbe earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof ; bnt He has permitted strange things to be In the world ; and maybe they have grown stronger than He intended, and can do more harm now. It's better to be friendly with both sides; ana ir mere was a avut-ortun, on rassne. it's not a man or boy on tbe piacB would I allow to cntatwlg or lift a stone there. It's live and let live ; and if the little people bide in these knolls, it's not I that wonld be for disturbing them; even if tbey cannot harm a man, as some say, maybe they can barm a sheep — ay, or a score of sheep. . . . And were there no Grahams, now, among the soldiers of Fort Augustus that they allowed this chest to be painted green 1 Is there a Graham alive that does not know what colour it Is that is fatal to every one of the name — ay, when It 1s even a com mon story that never was a Graham shot in battle bnt it was found the bullet bad gone through the green check of the taT- tan ? And twice and three times I stopped bidding for it ; until I said to myself, What has been put on can be taken off ; and what the knife will not finish the turpentine will finish; and where can the Ill-luck come from then f The five great locks, and tricks and con trivances to outwit a regiment : what prying eyes or fingers will get to know about my business when I have every thing shut np here! Alison may think what she likes ; tbe lass has grown saucy of late ; bnt this is no kind of cupboard or desk that she can try with her keys when I am np on the MIL N«, no, lass ; what I have tolled and moiled for, that I mean to keep ; and there will be no need to trust a bank In Inverness when I have a safeguard like this iron chest. . . . But not a spot or streak of green— not a spot or a streak. Who can tell where the ill-luck comes from 1 Sometimes It strikes at yonr blood and _ i! SaJ— — 1. J latnUnn marrow ; sometimes its a u»u season; sometimes it's a bank that breaks. Bat I do my best to keep well with both sides ; tbe minister has no fault to find with me ; and if there are things that are stronger for good-lack or ill-lack I do my best— ay, oven to keep from naming them. Maybe that was why I got the warning that J ean Gilles pie was to die— three taps on the window just half an hour before, and none hear ing them bnt myself. And the corpse- lights on Dromsinnon Moor — ifs I wonld have ridden along with the factor into the bog but for the lights — and I cried to Mm — but the cry be sent back was the cry of a drowning man. Bat there are some that have seen more than that, and have heard more than that ; and Ifs well to be friends with them that can hurt whether tbey are below ground or above ; ay. ifs better to say nothing, test tbey should hear evil spoken of them, and work mischief among the Iambs, or bring lightning about the house as I have heard tell Not since I was a senseless lad have T shot a single , hare— just in esse there might be a mistake, and a witch or a warlock spring np from the ground: Ifs better to be on the safe ride.' For a moment he seemed to have done with his scraping and polishing ; at ,H events, he laid aside the knife or chisel be had been using, , and proceeded to open the chest. Bat this was a serious undertaking, for -pot only had -the big key to torn five locks at once, but also there were bars and levers to be raised simultaneously, demanding the exercise of a good 3eal of strength. Eventually, bowevar, the i heavy Vlid- jdeldMl. He took hoth vmn Jt hod ® doubt the next minute it .would have been resting £0$® vrindow-slll M tM iMw#"!" Interruption that /etortied him. ThfcrSj waaabfltfbapidi-ahdThe'doorj of tbe room was thrown open. At the same time the roar of the sea and the wind that seemed to fill the honse rushed into the little apartment, and a cold air made the candle flame flicker. Robert Graham had not been expecting any such unceremonious visitor. He wheeled round in his chair ; the lid of the chest fell from hto hands and shot with an alarming noise— b11 the five locks and levers clanging at once ; and then he found standing before him the stranger who bad made this sadden entrance. And yet this was neither wizard or ghost that confronted him. - On the con trary, the newcomer was a good-looking yonng fellow of six-and-twenty or so, with frank eyes, close-cropped raven-black hair, and an expression of features that ia ordinary circumstances might have been pleasant and friendly enough, bnt was now somewhat embarrassed by un certainty. Obviously he was a sailor, but the smartness of his cos tame showed that he was not an ordinary hand ; in point of fact be was mate of a trading schooner then lying at Nairn ; his name, Alec Jameson. ' Pm sorry to inteirnpt yon, Mr. Gra ham,' he began, with some hesitation. But ye do interrupt me,' the other said, sharply ; and he scowled at tbe younger man from under the bushy white eyebrows ' Ye do interropt me. Think ye I have naething to do wi my time I I'm not a gentleman that can loiter abont wi my hands in my pockets, hin dering other folk and coming where he's not wanted. Ma ceries, there's some that canoa take a faint to leave until they feel a horsewhip curling round their calves.' There was a flash of fire in the young sailor's eyes ; but he strove to remain calm, and even conrteons. ' If ifs me yon mean, Mr. Graham,' said he quietly, 'you may rest content that there's not a man in this country side will lay either band or horsewhip on me. But let that pass ' ' What do ye want I' the old farmer said, abruptly. 'Time's money. ' Weil, I'm off for Inverness to-morrow morning — ; — ' ' Ye're welcome.' Bat Jameson seemed determined to be Civil, if that were nosaihln ' And Alison,' he continued, ' was asking if yoc and I cannot manage to ; part a little better friends. The lass is sorry — and no wooder — and if there's anything that I have done, if there's any thing wrong that can be put right ' 'Let Alison mind her own business,' was the instant rejoinder, ' and I can mind mine ; and, what's more, neither Alison's business nor my business is any o' youra So you're welcome to set off for Inverness as soon as ever ye like.' ' I did not wish to go without holding out my hand, and seeing if we cannot come to more peaceable terms,' the young sailor said. 'It's a fair offer anyway. It mast be a hard thing for a yonng lass to be in a position like that — troubling herself that tbe only friends she has should be separated by a quarrel — and a quarrel about what ? — for I'm sure ifs not me that knows.' ' Alison wants no friends but ber own kith and kin — that's enough for her, the old man said. ' Why should she take up wi' strangers I What is she to gain by that? Ay, it's not her gain,it'stheirsthafs iu question. Ay, ay, an old mau may be an old man, and still see clear enough. It's young eyes that are dazzled — it's yoang brains that are made a fool of — and a silly craytnre of a lass will believe any smooth-spoken idle fellow that comes hanging abont her and speaking her fair. But m have none o that in this house, young man ; so you've fair warning in tima Alison 'was left in my charge, and in my charge shell bide. Pm for no interlopers here. Pm for people mlnd- iog their own business. In trouble is she ? — and what's that to yon ? A pretty pack of nonsense >' 'Well, yes, Mr. Graham,' the yonng man said, civilly, ' Alison is iu your charge at present, bnt she might not be always. The deep-set grey eyes darted an evil glance at Mm, but he did not seem to notice that. ' You know what both her and me have been looking forward to,' he con tinued, io the most pacific tone of voice, 4 and I am sure it would be better for every one if there was a more friendly feeling abont it. And what is the objection ? If she leaves the farm, there's many another yon could get to keep the house ' ' And It's you that comes iu to tell me what X maun do!' the old man said, glaring at him. 'It's yon that comes to me wi' advice 1 Let me tell ye, my lad, that Pm quite capable o' looking after my own affairs, as ye'll find out if ye daur to meddle wi' them. Ay, or wi' Alison's either. A clean pair o' heels — thatfs the best thing for you ; and if Fasslle never sees ye again, Fasslie will be none the worse.' There was sufficient discourtesy in the words ; there was more in the tone in which they were uttered ; and the younger man, thongb he strove to keep cool, began to lose the timid look of ; appeal that had been in his eyes. Well, ifs a pity," he said. 'Hard words will not mend matters ; and £ had wished to leave Alison in happier spirits ' ' The leaving her is the brat thing ye can do, and tbe sooner the best. Have I not bid ye never darken my door again J God blees roe, is a men not to have peace and quietness in his own famine 1 the old man cried angrily. ' As to that, I am not so sure it is your own honse, the young sailor saia, quietly — but his face had gradually bran becoming firmer and firmer. 'But! am not a lawyer. It was Alison's father's honse, I know ; and I dare say he did not leave her Without her share in it But this Pm quite sure of, end as long as Alison fain it, and as long as 'she is willing T shonld come to'see her, Pm not going to ask anybody else's leave. I don't want to querrel, "Mr. Graham. I don't want toiriake matters worea Ifai deed, I'thonght I might "come to homo Hnd of a friendly understanding— if not for our own sakffoaat for Alison's. The lass is so$3buR|ibont > why. need, that bef' TOy Khnld toe-be in trouWe, whOT>!toerfai?no cause for it Pm not aaHpglfcw to many to morrow <or the . next v .ay ; it wonld be when it "was most eonvenientfor her and and also with atoutoof Rope— or at leMtj Of appeal— 4u' ids lotifc ; but toe wieAy reference to toe ownemhlp of the bouse had cansed toe farmer's eyes to gleam with wrath, and now his voice, when he spoke, was hardly under hie control, so fiercely angry was he. ' And bow daur ye sir ; how danr ye come here to speak to me about Alison or any other in this boose ? What con cern have ye as to whether my niece is well or ill ? Ay, I will tell ye what your interest is ; well I know that, my fine fellow, that can go abont the country like a gentleman, while other folk have to work and earn their living ! Alison ? — it's not Alison, bnt Alison's gear you're after. And ye think that a decently brought np girl like that will consort with an idle wastrel and gangrel, with a sailor chap, that has a wife in every port he sails to ? Get out of this house, sir ; that is my answer. What, do ye think the lass is blind I Ye come after her wi' yonr flattering and fawning; but ia she blind ? Doesna she see that it's her share, her small share, in the farm that yon're after, that her father left her, and that I bave tended as if it was my own ? And where would it be io a year — in a week — if yon had it to ecatter? But she's not blind ; she not blind ; jon'il go the way ye came, and empty-banded as ye came.' He paused, for fair lack of breath ; but meanwhile the face of tbe younger man had grown darker. 'Alison knows better,' said he, and as if it were safer to say no more. ' Alison !' the old man said, with bis voice now roused to passion pitch. ' I'll have her know — ay, and yon, too — who is master in this honse. I'm for no gangrels and wastrels skulking abont my premises — if there's a shot-gnn or a horse-whip handy. A fine thing, to make a fool of a silly idiot of a lass, that doeana ken the difference between an honest man and a thief — a thief that wonld get hold of whatever she has, and waste it in his idle courses. Bnt that's no done yet ; no, nor while I'm above ground will it be done.' ' It's the first time in my life that I have ever been called a thief.' Alec Jameson said— and his hands were trembling a little, though he spoke with a kind of forced composure. ' Well, I mean to see who is the thief' What maan trn nnn norm n ft ml V I - ' I mean this — pinmp and plain will I tell ye what I mean,' the younger man eaid, and it was evident that be had done now with all thoughts of pacification. ' I offered to make friends wi' you, for Alison's sake. That's not to be. Well and good. Yon and I will settle this matter between ourselves now, Mr. Graham ; and brag will not do it ; and bluster will not do it; and calling names will not do ir. Thief ! My good man, that is a very ugly word. It's I that want to know who is the thief " Will you leave my house?' the farmer said, springing to his feet. No. I will not. And I will not leave this room till I have said my say,' wae tbe calm rejoinder, though Jameson's lips were rather pale, and his eyes full of dangerous fire. ' Mind yon, Alison will be guided by me— that's oue thing you may make sure of ; and I'm thinking it's time there was a settlement abont her share in the farm that was left her by her father. Where has that gone to all these years ? Not a penny has she bad to spend on herself except for clothes, aud she's clad like a servant lass ; she is bnt a servant lass, bnt that she gets no wages. Where's her money ? Where's her father's will, that she can tell what belongs to her ? And you think that everything is to go on as it is, tbe lass slaving away at keeping the house for you, and never to think of altering ber condition, and never to ask questions, but to let you make away with her money from year to year f But there's an end to tbat now — there's an end ; and the lawyers in Inverness will be called in to declare who is toe thief. Rage pure and simple seemed to have paralysed the old farmer, bnt only for a few seconds. With s kind of inarticnlate cry of ' Yon scoundrel ! yon scoundrel !' he sprang forward with uplifted arm, as if threatening to fell his enemy. But Jameson merely held out his open hand, palm outward. Don't you come near me, I warn yon. You're an older man than I am ; and I don't want to strike yon ; bnt I will al low no mau to put a hand on me. Fm going. I've said my say. I wanted to be friends with yon — for Alison's sake. Now it's war. And there's them in In verness will soon be brought to declare which of as two is tbe thief.' He tnrned abruptly and left. . ' And may the lightning from heaven blast yon ere you set foot in Inverness streets 1' the older man said, scowling helplessly at the now vacant doorway. He went back to his Best In front of the iron chest, and sat down ; he was all shaking with the excitement of this stormy interview ; bnt the anger in his heart, instead of subsiding, grew only the snore fierce as he thought of the meaning of the young sailor's threats. He chanced to look ont of the window at the heavy- rolling sea that was clearly visible for miles and miles in the moonlight. ' Ay,' he said to bimselfl 1 tbat is the sailor's grave, wide and deep ; that is the thing that" comes to yon in the end. There are no threats when there's fifty fathoms o' water above ye — and I would to God you were lying there now I The Insolent scoundrel ! — and he has got this brat to go with him ; and the law yers at Inverness ? He rose and began to walk np and down the small apartment, muttering to himself sometimes, as was his wont, and sometimes standing etill to look ont on 'the far stretch nf wind-driven' moonlit sea. . . : ' There'e them that can hurt,' he was saying to himself ' and if all the stories be triie, sometimes yon can get tbem on yodr side, and they'll work for yon a mischief en your enemies as easily as anything else.: I've heard of ships being struck by lightning coming ont of a clear sky how was that bnthy Bome interfer ence!' But he's not on Che sea, nor "will be for awhile yet/I suppose ; the grave is waiting him there— wide and deep, wide andjdeep; but it may be a long time . He turned to the open door, as if fear ful that these, unspoken desires might be overheard ;;thea he went/to toe top of the /stair.: and listened ; there was no eound but the ery-of the wind and the hir 'plhage qf the sea ; then , he re- turned to the room, and shut the door behind him; and resumed hie "dgrk medi- -"Zt iiT-ZZi / : Thfe vpaompps uuike, to tome creep ing jpto arnap'stope :bnt.£Ujbe<«?en withhim yfit,HX:bmntoelieather for a mile round him. Ay, I have seen them twisting themselves into a ball, and writhing aud writhing as the circle of the fire came closer and closer on them ; and that's how I'll have him writhe sooner or later ; and then there will be a laugh. Ob, it's very safe yon are when yon're burning the heather ; you're on the ont- side of the ring ; it's tbe adders that are in the middle, and lively enongh they are when the flame comes hotter and hatter on them. And th- it's the flams I wonld have burning in his heart <' And then he went back npon the line of thinking that had occupied him when he was scraping tbe last traces of paint from the lid of the iron chest. ' I have been a careful man, careful not to offend either side ; and if they're friendly to me now as I think they were when the factor rode into the bog, maybe they would help. Ay, that wonld be the way to get even with him, instead of waiting for the wide grave there ; and maybe, if tbey would set to work at once, there might be a stop pnt to his bnsiness with the lawyers in Inverness. They say the wise women can manage it,' bnt it's hard to get at them ; the fiscal hnnts them and bants them whenever he gets the chance ; and there's scarcely a one left now. But I've heard of them now and again, and I conld find out ; and if the nnknown people are friendly to me — if they understand that I never took a stick or a stone from a StihJtrulh all the years of my life — then, my friend Jame son, I may be apsides with yon ; ay, it will not be the lawyers in Inverness yon will be thinking of : yon will be writh ing like the snakes when the heather is on fire.' chapteb n. — by the shobe. Meanwhile the yonng sailor had quickly recovered his equanimity ; as he went down the stair and along the pas sage to the outer door of the house he was somewhat ostentatiously whistling — just in case one or other of the iads or lasses might happen to have overheard these high words And probably in mak ing that final appeal to the old man he had been moved rather by the wish to please pretty Alison Graham than by any ilififinfrf kf»w ftf anPMfle ami nAw It A von no worse off than he was before; rather better he was, in truth, for this open de claration of war was preferable to mere shilly-shally and futile balancing of pro babilities. Alison would now know the worst ; she would be called upon to choose for herself. And as for the taunt that it was only her money that he was afcer — well, he would leave that question also to be settled by Alison, and be thought he knew what the answer wonld be. Aud so he left the house — fixing his cap tight in order to face the fierce gusts of wind — and set ont along the road leading by the shore. If he was whist ling now no one conld hear him, for all the night was filled with the rush and roar of tbat wild moonlit sea that came thundering in on the rocks below him ; bat there seemed no farther need to make any such profession of cbeerfalness, for apparently he was quite alone in this strangely clear and vivid world. For some little distance; as he walked smartly on, the road followed toe windings of the shore, then it strnck inland somewhat, skirting a plantation of larch and spruce, and It was at the corner of this wood that Jameson paused and looked around him, uncertain. He had not long to wait. The next moment tbe figure of a young woman had come qnickly and quietly out. from the dnsk of the larches into the open moonlight ; his sweetheart was clasped in his arms. Well, Aiiie, lass, ifs a wild night to be keeping you outside.' ' But what said he, Alec ? What said he?' she broke in, with a trembling anxiety in her tone. ' Is it all right now, Alec ? Have yon made friends ¥ Tbe young sailor laughed In an embar rassed kind of way, and poshed back the thick tartan shawl which she had thrown over her head and shoulders, so that he conld get a better view of the uptnrned oval face and tender dark blue eyes and rich and abnndant chestnut brown hair. He seemed in no harry to begin his story. Those eyes were pretty to look at, despite their eager qnestioning, and her brown hair that he had brought abont ber cheeks, was soft to 'toe touch. ' Tell me, Alec. Is it good news yon have ?' she pleaded, for that short langh of his sonnded rather ominous. 1 Faith, Aille, lass, the news is none of the beet,' said he (thongh be spoke quite cheerfully, and petted and careseed her at the same time). ' Bnt it's nothing to be downhearted abont. not a bit, my brave lassie. He cannot blame yon for what has happened, anyway, and yon'Il be no worse off at the farm than before.' ' Bat what fans happened then, Alec ? she said, with her troubled eyes fixed in tently on him. 'What has happened Well, toe faf 8 io the fire this time, and no mis take, and toaf e about what has happened, Aiiie, darling,' said he, rather ruefully, and yet with no deep chagrin, for he wished to make light of the whole mat ter. ' Oh, there's to be no more beating abont toe bash, I warrant ye ; yonr uncle and I bave come' to a plain under standing at last.' You've quarrelled — worse than ever!' she cried. 'Well/ said be, and he took the pretty oval face io hie two hands, ' and what is there to be frightened at t Why should vour srettv eveslookso troubled. all about nothing ¥ ' And yon said yon wonld be patient — yon said you would be patient for my sake,' she said, reproaqhfally. ' And I was/ he answered. ' I was indeed. Patient ? Yes, as long as might be. Well, f 11 tell you the tmth, Aiiie. I did what I could at the beginning. I tried to be as friendly as ever I could speak ; thongh I would riot/have taken what he said to me from any-other man, for I kept thinking of yon, Aiiie, and of yonr life at the farm ; and, says I to my self, Hard words don't break bbnea, and ifs all for Ailie's sake ! Then there came something tbat 1 couiu not etana. ' He p3U8ea, eeemingly.relnctant to go on. What was it, Alec?' Z. He regarded her in silence fur a second or so, pretending : to scan her face curiously. . .. -,uy ' But if I put Bnch " toing8 into your head, my . dearie, /maybe yon'd think them 'true T : ci ' .'Whsttoingsil- - Supposing jypu were - to hear , it said that it was tint yon fhat l wanted, bnt yonr money, yonr share of the farm and the house f He affected to retreat from her a little bit ; and, in fact, withdrew his hands from ber shoulders. 'And if yon told me so yourself I would not believe yon,' said she, simply. But are you sure now, Aiiie ? Maybe it's true. If yon were to be told that I was an idle wastrel and vagabond, with a wife in every port the Princeu Mary sails to ; and that 1 only wanted to get hold of your money to scatter and spend it, and to leave you when it was done, I daresay — supposing yon were to hear that eaid of me ?' There was a proud smile on her face ; she did not aoswer. Look here, Aiiie,1 he continued. 'Just consider. Maybe they're no so far wrong. Here am I with an offer from the owners of the Princess Mary tbat they'll make me skipper as soon as I can raise enongh money to buy a fifth share. It's a terrible temptation for a maD. And then there's a voune lass at Fasslie that ought to be well off if ebe had all that belongs to her ; and I come courting that young lass, and telling her ahe'e the prettiest young lass in tbe north of Scotland — only that's no lie, for her looking-glass can' tell her as mnch any day in the week — and pre tending that ifs her I'm after, when ifs the captain's cabin in tbe Princess Mary I'm after ' ' And yon wonld have the money to morrow morning, Alec, if I had it to give to yon,' said she — which was a quite illogical climax to these specula tions of his. ' But wait a minute, Aiiie,' he said, ' for this yon'Il never gness. I go to see the ancle of the young lass, to make peace with him, and win him over ; hot he'll no hear of anything of the kind ; and what is ail the quarrel about ? — why, It's about the young lass's property; and her share in thiB and that, and what tbe lawyers in Inverness would have to say. Money — money — money — is the whole cry. Veiy well, and yet yon eay you wonld not believe that of me ¥ And maybe ifs not tbe first time I have heard such things hinted,' said she, witn a smile ; ana, toaeea, u no re mained at a little distance, and affected to scrutinise her, the look that she be stowed on him in return had not much of doubt or distrust in it. Oh, yes ; and many's the time I have been glad to think tbat something wonld be com ing to me — if my uncle would only make np the accounts. For, if we were to marry, Alec ? ' If we were to many ?' he cried, and he came nearer her again, and took hold of her by the two shoulders. Well, when we marry,' toe said, with downcast eyes, ' it will be something to start the honse with, wherever we live. Ob, yes ; and the share in the ship, too — if it is possible — do yoa think you would be five minutes withont that, if I had tbe money in my hand ? Wonld it not be for my good as well as for yours, my dear ?' ' Yes, yes,' said he, ' for there's the dMuntsnn'ft niWn AIIIA Anil VAII rftnW come a voyage with me now and again ; aud I would introduce you to my other wives in the different places. I am not afraid of that,' she eaid. ' Well, now, Aiiie,' said he, speaking more seriously, ' when that was cast in my teeth — that it was your money I was after — I could not stand that. To be called a thief, too ; ay, and who is the thief, says I ? Where is the money yon bave kept back from Alison all these years ? What kind of a story will the lawyers have to make out 1 For it was a stiffish quarrel, Aiiie, darling, and that's a fact , and it's all over "between him and me, for certain ; and we've got to make the best of matters as tbey stand. Ifs never airain shall I be within that house, that's fixed. No, ifs you that have to come to me now ; I will never be iceide that house again.' Alec, Alec 1' she said in a voice of deep entreaty. Surely it is not so bad aB that ! I asked yon to be patient — ' Patient, lassie !' he exclaimed. I tell you I was as patient as man ever was— bless me, I had to warn him back, or he wonld have struck me with his fist. The man's mad, Pm thinking ; or else ifs this — that he fa keeping back even more than we suspect, and that the veiy mention of lawyers is enongh to drive him out of his wits. Well, what's done is done ; what we have to do is the next thing. You see, lass, I have no right to interfere in your affairs at all.' Aud why not, Alec ?' said she: 'And If not you, who else, then?' It's not my node I wonld look to. I think he wonld be glad if I were dead and ont of the : way. 'No doubt ; that's the very thing that woold suit him ; bnt we cannot juBt oblige bim so far as that, lass,' Jameson said. Out of the way, maybe ; yes, we may take ye ont of the way, or ont iff his way rather ; bnt if ye were to he ruled by me — or if it was my business to interfere — he would soon find out that ye were not dead at all, but veiy much alive.' 'What would you have me do, Alec? I have none to look to but you. What Is it you want me to do ?' said she, with absolute trust iu her eyes. 'Leave Fasslie,' said he, at once, 'and come and live with my mother at Nairn for a few weeks. Then we will get mar ried; and then I will have the right to interfere in yonr affairs — and who else ?' She sighed a little. 'It's a pity/ ahesald.at length. 'I thought some friendly arrangement might be made. Why should my ancle be set against it ? He will have plenty, even after I go.' 'Perhaps there fa a little settling np of accounts that might be inconvenient,' the yi>nng man suggested, drily ; bnt instantly he iadded, in a tone of vexation. But how is it that money, and money, and money seems to fill toe whole Of this night? No, no, I will not interfere. Somebody else must guide ye, lass. Take advice, now ; go to some shrewd-witted person, and just tell the trnth. Say yon nave a sweeuiearx,-auu you are iron sure of him ' ' ; ' Alec !' toe said — and forthwith the pretty, appealing blue eyes began to fill withteare. / ' f Bnt ifs toe Way of :(bB world, -yon foolish creature !' he said, with prptended anger. , How doyon know toat your ohde.fa notijjghfcl "> ' y-- \ v 'It isno uBeyoitr speaking lflre. toat —to me/ -toe <said, preudly. , fifq -and jt-fa Tito; fair, ; Alec. And it fa not so : fam& time we have together- "tliat jwi should throw it away in speaking non sense.' Well, then, will you leave Fasslie ?' . For answer she clutched hie hand, in ! affright. Her feminine watchfaluess had caught sight of something that he had not noticed at all — the figure of a man away along there on the white moonlit road. ' It's my uncle,' she said ; and in stinctively she caught her lover by tbe arm aud drew him further into the dusk of tbe trees. But tbey could still easily make ont the dark figure coming along the white road ; nay more, tbey could observe bis every movement And presently it was apparent that be waB searching every nook and cranny along the shore ; and they guessed readily enough that be had come out in quest of his niece, having missed her in tbe houee. Jameson and hie sweetheart stood perfectly still, be hind tbe screen of yonng larches and spruce. As for the yonng man, he was nnito aware that the farmer wonld be in a violent temper ; bnt he did not heed that mnch. He merely thought it would be an excellent joke if Alieon'a nncle were to go by their hiding-place, so that the girl might get home before hire. And if he did fiod her, what more conld he do than scold? — and he, Jameson, wonld take care that the words were not too uncivil. But the next moment a quick pang of dismay — or of anger, or of both together — shot through hie heart. The old man carried a horsewhip ! - A horsewhip — and for whom ? Would he dare to raiee it against her — even by way of a threat — as he drove ber home ? AU the young man's biood was on fire. A horsewhip — to his Alison ? ' Here, lass, come along ; I want to see what this means.' He took her hand and led her ont into the road. When the old farmer came aloDg, they were standing right before him. ' Aud ifs there ye are, ye Hmmer, ye hussy — disgracing an honest man's honse !' he eaid, in tones of suppressed rage — but he did not come any nearer, for Jameson had stepped forward. uuiufl wi wi ya cuenutr less hussy ! The two men were now face to face. ' Another word like tbat to the lass/ the younger mau eaid, 'and by the Lord I'll heave you on to tbe rocks there !' A timid hand was put on his arm ; he shook it off ' Leave me alone, lass ; we're going to settle this thing now and here. ' Settle it ?' the old former eaid — and tbe horsewhip which he held in his hand shook and trembled with the violence of his passion. 'And who are you, sir, that daur to come between me aod her ? I tell yon I will have the mastery of her so long as she bides in my house — I will not have the very name of tbe place dis graced by ber wandering about at night wi' a vagabond Oat of the way, now — and yon, you Hmmer, home wi ye, ere the very servants come out to mock ye.' And perhaps he would have gone for- wftt-d a RA17.A Kflr hv tfaft arm and draff her home, but tbat the young Bailor who stood before him did not show the slight est intention of stepping aside. Oo the contrary, he was very much iu the way, and remained eo ; aud there was a kind of sarcasm in his look. 'Yes, it's a fine home for her to go to,' said he (for he was not ranch of a hand at scolding), and it's a fine guardian yon've been to her, just as if she had been your own bairn. Ob, yea ; saving op for her, and scraping everything to gether for her, it was juet ont of kind ness, I suppose, that she has scarcely ever bad a sixpence to spend on herself. Yes, and selling the pony tbat her father bonght for her ; that was to add up, too, t — » X BUppUW. 1 Alec, Alec,' the girl said, trying to interpose. 'And you, ancle, why should there be a quarrel ?' ' Will ye go home — will ye go home, I tell ye !' the old man roared. ' No, ehe will not go home until it saits her own convenience/ Jameson said ; and he Beemed to grow more and more cool and quiet in demeanour, the greater the rage of his antogoniet became. ' It's a nice home you've made it for her since her father died, and it's a pleasant life the lass has had to lead. Well that's about over now. If its news to yon, you're welcome. — Alison is going to leave Fasslia' 'Leave Fasslie !' the other gasped. It seemed, then, there was a conspiracy between these two ? They had laid their heads together to dare him — to try to cheat bim out of that hoard that he had been so diligently amassing ever since the menedemanf ftf tho farm fall intfr til hands I' 'Uncle, I do not wish to leave Fass lie,' Alison pleaded— and she had been crying a little over tMs wrangle that seemed so hopeless, aud that seemed to bode so much troable for the future No, nor will ye leave Fasslie with my will, ye graceless hussy !' he cried. What ! leave the place ye were born in — and for what ? To face the world with an idle vagabond ' < Vagabond he is not !' 'she exclaimed, firing np at the word. ' And you will do no good with me, ancle, by speaking ill of him—' ' Aiiie, lass, what does it matter ?' her lover interposed ; bnt she was not to be interrupted; ehe wonld have her say out " - ' And I did not wish to leave Faaelie ; but wbat else ib mere now 1 vy use can I do bat that I There will be no peace ' What else fa there ?' he bellowed, for he was like a madman in hie impotent fury."— Jameson, standing there facing him, and daring him to advance a step : What else ? There's a whip to curl round your shoulder, ye impudent limmer.' ' Ay/ said Jameson, quickly, ' fa that it, then ?' Before toe farmer conld tell what had happened the horsewhip was snatched from bis hand, the etick-of it snapped in two, and both pieces whirled >nr 4-Jirnrieh the air — and fallinc. in- deed, on the rocks below them. 'And it's the same for yon, if yon like viny " man/ rthe\ yonng /sailor said, witfa iue eyes afire. . Would yoa like to follow? A horsewhip— to a young lass I To speak of each a thing, yon white- headed old thief and co ward — by the Lord,. I wonder- 1 can let yon etand there.'. '-'X . For a moment it Beemed w if the old mftn were abbot to nfah on hfa «n- tagoofat (who was sorely hampered, too, by Alison' clinging to him and trying to' pull him away), but he suddenly changed his mind ; he turned and strode off — crunching the stones in tbe road in the blind fury of bis wrath ; aod plainly enongh tbey conld hear him say : ' I'll i bave the dogs down — I'll bave tbe dogs down, and chase ye from the country side, ye scoundrel vagabond 2' Aod then toe yonng sailor tnrned to his sweetheart, who was all trembling and sobbing and frightened ; and he < wonld wipe- the tears away from her pretty face ; and be wonld call her all kinde of soft pet names ; and bade her be of courage. For you Bee how matters stand now, Aiiie, my dear,' eaid be, aud be smoothed her bair back from her forehead, as if he wonld bave nothing come between bim and tbe open clear depths of her eyes. ' and it's no nse hoping that a madman will become a reasonable mau. Your Ufa at the farm will be a misery as long as yon bide there ; and I am not afraid to ask yon to come away : anything will be better than that ; and wheo you are living with my mother, then there will be time and peace and comfort for yon to consider what you will do next. No, I am not afraid to ask yon to do as much as that ; for that will be for your good, I know.' ' But I will do anything yon tell me, Alec,' said she, and her absolute confi dence in him was apparent as mnch in ber manner as in her words, ' for I have no one in the world to guide me but you.' ' Aud your own common sense, Aiiie. And you must not trust me any further than what a stranger wonld say was right.' ' But I do trust you ; and how cau you help that ?' said she, with a smile struggling through her tears. ' Then I'll have to goard you against yourself ; and very easy it will be ; for when you're living in Nairn we'll just get the lawyer-folk to tie up whatever money ys may have — I mean whatever money they may be able to get from your uncle ' But they cannot tie it np if I want to give it to you,' said she. 'And, ob, Alec, wouldn't it be fioe if we couid buy the made captain ' ' Yes, and what would be just as fioe would be this — if we were to rent a small cottage just outside Nairn, or Elgin, or Inverness — and yon to have a little garden to amuse yourself wi' when I am away — and a lit'Ie servant-Iara to help you. You see, Aiiie, everything's to be little — the cottage, the garden, tbe ser- vant-laes — it's like the old song, you know. 1 When a little farm we keep—' ' I say, eveiything fa to be little except one thing, and that fa the love in yonr heart, Aiiie.' ' But you eannot expect me to keep that little,' eaid she, regarding bim with ber fond, trusting eyes. ' Anything else — except that' ' No, no ; you will keep that as big as you can, my dear, as long as it is mine,' said he. Then he bethought him of the farmer's parting threat ' Well, I must be ofi Aiiie ; for I don't want to be worried by a lot of yelp ing collies.' ' Oh, da yau think toe dogs wonld harm any one that fa with me?' she said, confidently. ' Well, it's no nse having any more quarrelling ; there's been enough of that for a while. And as soon as I get back I will go through to Nairn, and my mother will arrange for yonr coming — and the sooner tbe better. The Prin- cese Mary will not be ready for a week yet ; and you conld write aud say where I am to meet yon ' ' But If my uncle will not let me leave the farm ?' ' How Is he to hinder yon ¥ 'He might lock me np in a room/ said Alison. And Iondly he langhed. ' Fm thinking that would not last long, Aiiie, my dear ! Fm thinking I would soon have some of the lads with me, and we'd get yon ont if we stripped the elates off the roof. No, no ; it's when yon want to leave the farm, you'll leave it — I will take care of that ; and your room will be ready for you in Nairn — as neat and clean and smart as new pin.' Aud then at last he had to go ; and he had comforted her amazingly, and ehe was smiling through her tears ; and when the final good-bye was said, and the last hand-shake and kiss given and taken, and the last, long, lingering look with drawn, she tnrned and took her way towards the solitary farm house, through the lond-reverberatlng, clear, moonlight night, (To he continued in our next ) 