Brevities. Kingswood. Tomkins still missing. Guilds meet Monday night. L.O.L. meet Thursday night. I.O.O.F.,M.U., meet Wednesday night. Municipal Council meet Monday night. Skating ring in full swing at St. Marys, St. Marys brass band to be reorganised. I.O.O.F. meet Tuesday night. Important meeting. The winds that shaketh the barley, cometh and goeth. St. Marys Choral Society will lose their leader in a few weeks. Queen's Lodge, 982, E.G., meet Monday night. Second degree. Adjourned inquest on the "Claremont Ghost" on Wednesday. Open air Sunday school at St. Marys broken up last Sabbath. Twenty-Six peers have formally protested against the Crimes Act. Some valuable pearlshell has been dis- covered near Dinner Island. The proclamation of the Irish National League is urged by The Times. The whole of Ireland has now been pro- claimed under the Crimes Act. Five chinese cabbage encouragers were "nicely saved" on Sunday night. He drank the hot water and sugar—for- got the whisky. Poor chap was tired. Concert next Friday at St. Marys, in aid of the Parsonage Fund. See advertise- ment. The Pride of the Forest, U.A.O.D., will during the month of August initiate members at half fees. H. J. Braithwaite is the favorite for the Bismarck L.O.L. Handicap to come off this afternoon. Mr. John Shanes Park Harris gave the bullock to be roasted on the Plymouth run- ning ground. Musical and Magic Lantern Entertain- tainment at the Public School next Satur- day night Southern Cross Lodge meet Tuesday night. Installation of officers. Reception of balance sheet. Mr. F.Horstman will supply refreshments at the L.O.L. sports to-day on tho Progress Association Ground. The estimated; population of the colony on June 30 was 522,287 males, 462,783 females; total, 1,055,050. There are fifty six acceptances for the Bismarck L.O.L. Handicap to be run off to- day. First race starts at 11.30. The people of St. Marys are agitating for a railway from St. Marys to Luddenham. A public meeting will be held shortly. The jubilee sale is in full swing at Lear- mont and Co's, corner High and Woodriff- streets. See their jubilee hats at 1s 6d. The twelve jurymen, who went up the Luddenham Road said in one breath, "Well did you ever." They certainly never had. Mr. W. Fleming will sell by auction, at Atkinson's Hotel, St. Marys, household furniture, &c;, this day. See advertise- ment. Mr. A. W. M'Kinnon, for many years public school teacher, shot himself at Port Macquarie, on Tuesday night, beside the grave of his wife. The Penrith Amateur Minstrels give an Entertainment in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. Thomas Wilton, on Wednesday night. Mr. S. E. Lees will address the electors on Saturday night next at the Temperance Hall, Penrith, and on Tuesday week at the Protestant Hall, St. Marys. Mr. A. F. Johnson, who met with such a painful accident last Thursday week, was removed to the Sydney Hospital a few days ago. He is progressing favorably. Sir Patrick Jennings, in a Pall Mall Gazette interview, said that the Australian colonies were in favor, on Imperial grounds, of granting Home Rule to Ireland. The Government offer prizes of £150 and £100 for tho two best designs for the Centennial State House, the competition being limited to architects in this colony. The Pope has just written that territorial sovereignty is the only guarantee of Papal liberty. He also desires to make the in- fluence of the ohurch felt in the colonies. It is reported that we are shortly, to be served with a writ for libel. Now, sub- scribers and advertisers, pay up, so as to give us a chance of defending this action. A match for £2 aside, between two local peds, Webster and Splisbury comes off at five o'clock this evening on the Progress Association Ground. Webster is the favor- ite. The tender of Messrs. Drummond and Burleigh has been accepted by the Depart- ment of Public Instruction for a weather shed in connection with the Public School, Castlereagh. A large meeting in favor of Home Rule in Ireland and condemnatory of coercion was held in Gundegai on Tuesday night and on Wednesday a cablegram of sympathy was sent to Mr. Gladstone. The Marquis of Salisbury, speaking at Norwick, said that "Freetrade is condemned, by everyone except ourselves," and that it was necessary to retrace some steps for the benefit of the British farmers. Mr. David Buchanan spoke on protection on Tuesday evening at Bathurst. He said he did not want to argue with small men like Pulsford, for he had just come out triumphant from an encounter with John Bright. Seymour's second novel gift sale com- mences this day. Every purchaser to the extent of 5s will receive a handsome gift. Their last sale was a tremendous success, the present one will be carried out on the same lines. Penrith people won't attend lectures where a charge is made for admission; or at least it must be something specially good to fetch them. Mr. T. W. Hawkins lecture did not come off on Saturday night last owing to tho paucity of attendance. The Rev. T. E. Clouston, on Wednesday last, paid a high compliment to the ladies. He said that recently he had to deal with a committee of gentlemen over a certain matter, but so far had done but little good. Had the committee consisted of ladies the business would, he felt sure, have been settled long ago. 