THE COMIC ACTOR. [GASTON SCHAEDLER in Le Figaro.] " Good evening, Chariot, and good evening to Mother Martin!" "Thank you, my friends; good evening and good night!" •So, tucking up the collar of his overcoat, with both bands deep in his pockets, Martin, the comic actor of Montmartre, went his way. walking at a brisk, nimble pace; he pasBea before the cafe of the theatre, followed the Rue d'Orsel, turned to the right, and ascended the Rue des Martyrs. A few minutes after he raised his head, and glancing to the top of the house—the fifth story—his eyes rested a moment on a window which, despite the late hour, still formed a joyful luminous picture in the surrounding darkness; then, smiling, he crossed the etreet, rang the bell,, called out his name in a sonorous voice as he went by the porter's lodge, and ascended the staircase four steps at a time. Before he had reached tbe fifth flight a door opened, and an old woman, her face illuminated by the rays of the lamp she held in her hand, exclaimed— "Is that you, Chariot T' "Yes, m'ma; good evening, m'ma!" He flung both his arms round the old woman's neck, half stifling her with kisses; then both sat down before a table whereon two covers were carefully laid. There, in the moist heat that pervaded the neat little dining-room, they had their supper, while he recounted all the details of the evening, giving importance to the slightest incident, noting the partB of hiB role in which he had produced some effect, telling stories abont his comrades, chattering and gossiping about everything and everybody. Martin loved her so deeply,his mother! When still at Bchool his father died, and ail his mother's tenderness from that day centred in him. She had brought him up somewhat like a girl, surrounding him with evejy attention, starting at the slightest cougb, working day and night to supply all his wants and satisfy his merest craving, and when, grown a big boy, he had said to her, " M'ma, I should like to be an actor!" she not only consented but encouraged him; so heenteied the profession at the theatre of Montmartre, where he was still one of the troupe. He was not a great actor, certainly, but he was a general favourite with the frequenters of the place ; his thin face, with its high, red cheek bones, hiB big mouth, his tremulous voice, which seemed to issue from a clarionet, and especially the good-humoured manner he had of saying a funny thing, made people burst out laughing as soon as he appeared on the stage, and gained for him quite a renown throughout the quarter; his success, however, never extendtd beyond. Bet what was that to him, since he had his mother's whole admiration? His calm, quiet, humdrum life suited him so thoroughly that he could realize no other, and when, after the performance some one nvited him out to a party of pleasure he woald exclaim," Well, and what about m'ma at home?" Once only Martin had had a big grief. The evening when this occurred a great discussion had arisen in the green room; each of those present spoke in high words, swore hastily, and spoke of sending seconds; a wind of battle was in the air. When our actor arrivtd? a newspaper was placed in his hand. He read a long article, in which comedians were sorely treated, but, amid all the insulting language used, one thing struck him more forcibly than all the rest; it was said that stage players were incapable of harbouring a single genuine sentiment. He said cot a word, but an expression of ineffable sadness came over his face. In the evening, when he came home, without saying a word, he handed the newBpaper to his mother, pointing to the article, and when she had read it through, he exclaimed, as two big tears rolled down his cheeks— Say, is it true, ma'ma, that I don't really love you ?" Already mother Martin had hugged him to her bosom, and, with a wild glitter in her aged eye as if to defy the author of the scurrilous article, she yelled out frantically— 'The villain! let him come and see whether you don't love your mother, my dear boy!" u . Oce evening in December the theatre was crammed with spectators, because tt happened to be the first performance of a piece wherein her boy played the chief role, and his name appeared in large characters on the posters outside! It was a real triumph for Martin. Each time he walked off the stage the applause burst forth with redoubled vigour; never before had his comicality shot o?er the foot lights with such irresistible effect, provoking laughter among the coldest; never had he so well personated a part, tasking himself to his utmost. The fact is that, in that great crowd, he saw but one person at the other end of the pit, hoisted in her seat, and applauding with rapture—his mother. Poor mother Martin, he played for her alone that evening. When ithe curtain fell on the laBt act Martin was called back by name—one of the reatest honours on any state. Mother Martin, quite beyond herself for joy, quickly sought to get out, stumbling over those who were next to her ; she made the best of her way to the back of her house, where she took up her station in the dark alley through which the artiBtes came out. Her head was so flooded with joyous thoughts that she forgot to wrap round her shoulders a warm shawl she had on her arm; she went and came, spoke in audible tones, got impatient, and found that he had neves before been so long in changing bis dress. At last he appeared. She bounded toward him, and putting her t>vo arms round Ms neck, murmured in a voice half-strangled with emotion— " Oh ! my boy ! my owp, dear boy!" Martin, deeply moved, put his arms around her waist, and pressing he fondly to his heart, stammered— '•Then you are pleased, are you, dear 'Could it be otherwise?— oh, my dear Chariot!" That evening, their lodgings in tho Rue des Martyrs seemed transformed into a palace, so happy were they, so bright the future pictured itself to their minds, and the supper, with champagne—an attention of mother Martin—was gayer than ever before. IIL The following evening Martin, notwithstanding his success on the previous night, seemed preoccupied: he acknowledged the compliments of one and another with a constrained smile; was irritated and nervous; found fault with the property-man, hurried forward his comrades, and tried all he could to have the curtain up before the right hour. " Why, what's the matter with you ?" asked one of his comrades, who knew him to be kindness itself habitually. " I? nothing 'tis mother Martin; she coughs fearfully; must have caught cold while waiting for me yesterday evening." *' Poor woman! but nothing will come of it?" "No, nothing serious, I hope," replied Martin. At the thought that "it might after all be something serious" he felt a cold chill run down his back, and his face turned deadly pale under its red paint. At night, whan he came home, although, as usual, the two covers were placed on the little table, mother Martin had gone to bed and her state seemed worse; she tried to laugh, however, GO as not to alarm "her boy;" asked questions about the evening, recalled yesterday's triumph, and, recollection once more rousing her enthusiasm, she lost sight of the burning sensation she experienced about the cheat; but a dry, husky cough repeatedly interrupted her speech, without, however, once rooting out the sood humour of that adorable old woman. On the following day the doctor declared she bad an ir:fiimmation oi the lungs. Ei^ht days after, as he came from behind the scenes, Martin caught sight of one of his mother's next-door neighbours. A cold shudder ran through all his frame as soon as he saw the woman. " Come quick, M. Chariot, your mother is very ill. She wants to see you." He was eff in a twinkling. Running at full speed he jostled the paesers-by, whom he would have knocked down, nay killed, if they bad attempted to intercept his way. What was that to him 1 His mother was ill! very ill! This was the sole thought that engroseed his mind as he ran along—his mother was very, very ill. He ruehe up the staircase; but on reaching the landing he stopped short, not daring to enter, suffocated, stupefied, without an idea. A tremulous voice from the inside of the lodgings roused him from his torpor. "Is that you, Chariot?' " Yes, ma'am said he, quite softly, scarce daring to open his mouth, lest tbe tears should well ap from his eyes. Mother Martin, pale as a sheet, had raised herEelf in her bed ; she took her son's head in her two wasted arms, drew him toward her, kiseed his forehead, and with death's rattle in her throat, heaved a groan full of the deepest anguish. "Chariot! My Chariot! Mv own dear boy After which, as if by a supreme effort, she had clung to life until her son came home, her head fell heavily back upon the pillow, and she breathed her last, still holding in a convulsive grasp the hand of her child, IV. Sad, dejected, lowering brow and feverish eye, Martin, without uttering a word or shedding a tear, followed bis mother's funeral ail tbe way to the cemetery of Saint-Oaen. Not until the sable coated men, surrounding the eeffin with ropes, roughly lowered it into the grave, bringing _ down a quantity of loose stones upon the lid, did he make a movement. He stepped forward, but paused, livid, hiB eyes fixed on the yawning hole, his hands contracted, the naila of his fingers entering his flesh—then, without saying a word, automatically he allowed himself to be led away by his friends, who, startled at his calm demeanour, stayed by him until the hour he entered the theatre. For be had to play that evening. Already, the previous night, no one being able to assume his part, the house had to put off the performance, and his stage friends had been so kind to him ! Although far from rich, they had sent [such a lovely wreath for mother Martin's funeral! He could not really place them in a dilemma—so. play he must. He did play, and played admirably, discovering effects which surprised everybody, and bringing down the house with roars of laughter; an artiBt this time he proved himself to be, in every sense of the term! The spectators made him quite an ovation, and some, to whom he was a stranger, said with enthusiasm: "How side-splitting he is, to be sure! Only look, he laughs so heartily that tbe tears are in his eyes," It was the truth. All the muscles of his face were puckered up: his mouth, wide open, was distorted ; his laugh broke into hiccough*, and, with nervous twitchings, small, round tears flowed from his eyes, adding white Btreaks to the red paint ou hiB cheeks; his whole head, in fact, was so comical in his expression that the good public were convulsed with laughing. At last the performance came to an end! Martin went up to his dreseing room, rapidly changed his dress, and went out without even washing the paint off his face. His friends tried to retain him, and get him to go along with them; but, in spite of their endeavours, he would give them no answer, and seemed to have grown deaf and dumb; he but half-opened his mouth, and, softly, with his usual good-natured smile, whispered— " Well, and m'ma, that waits for me ?" And all, deeply mcved, made way for him, evincing the greatest respect for his unbounded grief. The snow fell thick in small ronnd (lakes. Martin turned up the collar of his overcoat, pnt his hands deep into his pocketB, and mechanically, as was hiB wont, took the road which led to the Rue des Martyrs. On reaching the house where he had so long lived, he stopped and looked up; but there was no bright light upstairB to welcome him home! Choking and nervously trembling, a sudden fright came over him; he ran away with all his might straight before him, like one suddenly seized with a fit of madness. Unwittingly, he took the deserted road along which the funeral procession had wound in the morning. He passed the city gates and soon reached the walla of the cemetery, over which he scrambled with the nimblenesa of a cat, leaping from the top of the wall inside. Quite beyond himself, he threaded the tombstones, jumping over the slabs in his way, without once tripping; his tall, thin body gave him a weird aspect, and he looked lifce'a ghost issuing from one of the thousand tombs which surrounded him. Suddenly he stopped. There before him, in the newly turned clay uprose a little black cross, on which, in the light of the moon, the name of Martin was paintea in white letters. He faltered and fell on his knees; memory was now returning; he remembered I tbe reminiscence of all his life gradually filled his mind. He called on his mother with a hoarse voice, wept aloud, beat his forehead and shrieked in nis affliction —but, alone, afar off, the depth of the cemetery re-echoed his lamentations. It was one general outburst of pent up agony that sought to find egress from his breast; his heart was overfull to breaking, and his brain wandered; he dragged himself on his belly in the mire; rolled over the tombs, and, in his distress, bit the ground with his teeth, and filled his mouth with clay. But he stopped; a smile hovered over his lips fiom a long, long way off, S3 if from the depth of the earth, he thought he heard a voice, a dearly loved and sweetly cherished voice, the voice of mother Martin, which said, " Is that you, Chariot?" Yes, m'ma, here I am, m'ma!" He shouted, and thereupon fainted right off; his body sunk deep into the soft earth, moulding itself in the clay, as if he sought to bury himself in it. In the morning the custodians of the Cemetery, as they went their usual round, discovered by the side of a new tomb, which had not yet received its railing, a shapeless heap entirely buried in the Bnow. " Probably some poor dog who has come to die on his master's grave," said one of the keepers, as he drew near; but the fellow suddenly recoiled, exclaiming— " It's a man!" He leaned down, placed his hod in the region of the he ait, and merely adeed, as he took off his cap— " He's dead !" The body was quite deep in the earth, the keeper uplifted it, brushed the mud and snow from the dead man's face, and the head of poor Martin appeared. And, from his half-open month whereon death had placed the smile of hope, from his laughing month with its fat, comic lips, still seemed to come the words— Here I am, m'ma, dear m'ma!" ROUGH ON PILES."—Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. 4zk 