THE THIRD. The years had passed. Again 'twaB Christmas Eve; Again the silver moonlight kissed the hills, And lay in gleaming sheets across the lake, And flashed and sparkled in the singing rills. A voice, once sweetest music, spoke to me. And I amid the flickering shadows heard ; But not one answering chord spoke in my soul, And not a fibre of my heart was stirred. I thought of that fair beauty lying low. Your mother, darling, had but lately died; Ana all ray neart witnin me seemed as stone, Listening to that low whisper at my side. ' I was mistaken.' Thus your father spoke. ' My heart bnt strayed a little while from you; And when too late, like swallows homeward bent, Sad and repentant, dear, it backward flew. 'But through the years that Lily lived, be lieve, I tried to do my duty to my wife ; She sever knew that one mistake of mine Had really cast a shadow o'er each life. *' But now, at last, I come to you, my love, The world has suddenly grown strangely bright ; Come, be my daughter's mother and my wife, And through my life its oae fair, guidiag light.' He ceased to speak, and silence fell around, I beard the distant waves break on the beach ; Through the green vines a sighing night wind swept, A cricket perched and chirped within my reach. I waited, silent, thinking of the Christ, And of that golden rule laid down by Him, And how eo oft our feet by faith must walk, Because the clearest light on earth is dim. And so I bent my bead, and as a child I asked the Child Divine to gaHa my way, And in this trying moment of my life To touch my lips .and teach them what to say. And then I spoke, with heaving breast and slow, ' To yonr sweet child a mother I would be ;J I loved her mother, and for her dear sake I'd guard her little daughter lovingly. ' Bnt for the rest, the love I had for yon Died by your hand; can dead things live again? In vain you try to make the marble speak, You seek for last year's blossoms all in vain. ' Had you loved me you should have known it then. And not have wronged so cruelly the girl Whose Ir.ve was worthy of a full return, Who should have been to you life's choicest pearl. 'I do forgive the wrong against myBelf ; You wronged your wife more than the girl you left, Though by your act the promise of my life Was to its glowing centre rent and cleft.' I did not let it come into my voice, The burning Ecorn that filled my heart for him ; Though, with its trembling force my hands turned cold, And all the lovely light grew pale and dim. I thought of all the past— its cruel pain. Men think but lightly of these hearts of ours; They win them for a moment's idle whim, Then cast them from them as some withered flowers. Love is immortal, so the poets say. Then what we love must be immortal too ; To some ideal wrought from our own brain, Surely immortal love is scarcely due. Love live?, I think, while that it feeds on lives, But that is Burely more than fleeh and blood ; More than the fairest form of human nnuld That ever on this earth since Adam stood. While that we love is worthy of our love Then is love deathless ; then the very grave Csn Eet no bar between the souls whose lips Have drunk together of that crystal wave. Eut when the shrine iB empty, oh ! my child ! We may go mourning to our sad life's end, But to that shattered idol, worthless, base, Kot love itself can grace or beauty. lend. And yet, my child, I have been often glad That I spoke gently to him on that night ; For, though I knew it not, we never more Should stand together in each other's sight. I do believe he ie with God, my child, Atd when we meet in that fair land of heaven I may perchance, I hope so, darling, find Something to justify the love once given. Percbance — who knows?— it may be I shall find My thought of him wrought into living fact ; From my ideal be may be supplied With all of greatness that his being lacked. It may be ; for, my child, we do not know What means God nses for His own great ends; Nor how the ceaseless friction of this life To the soul's stature grace and beauty lends, God sees the inner, we the outer fide ; God sees the reason, we but feel the smart ; And it may be that nob'eat being grows Above the ruins of a broken heart, Some twelve months later, dear, there came tome A message, pitiful, repentant, sad, That for a moment pierced the silent past, And stirred again the love that once it had. And then, from far across the great wide sea, My blue-eyed darling came to nestle down, And of my life, so cold and sad, to be For evermore its sumhine and its crown. There, darling, I have told yon now The tale yon oft have begged to hear ; Bnt let no sadness dim yonr eyes, : , :; '. And shed for that dead past no tear, ' ,' \ Elf e I tball wish thit I had let ; ~- The fcilent grave its «ecret hold ji ???*-*? --^ The tale that causes needless pain '''-': Had better never' have been told. ~. Believe roe, sweet, that all is well When God the moulding took shallgrasp ; Each blow is helping to release The angel in the marble's clasp. Perhaps it may be, never quite, Ie that imprison'd beauty free, Until, redeemed and purified, ? The soul shall God the Father see. Take for your comfort tills, my child, No lot iB ever BunleBB quite ; God always to the saddest Bends Some golden rays of heavenly light. Tomorrow yon will be a bride, And life's best crown will rest on yon ; Darling, to every vow yon take Be to your inmost centre true. Some women lightly hold the gift Of man's tone homage, nobly given. Believe me when I tell yon, dear, Life holds nought holier under heaven. Ah ! better be as I am, child, With all of love dead but its ghost, Than win a true man's faithfnl love And fail him when he needs you most. See, dear, the sinking moon hangs low, A diBC of gold along the sky ; And the sweet murmur of the bells Soft on the breeze is wafted by. What do they say, those Caristmas bells ? They speak of hopes and joys long dead ; They Btir a thousand memories That we had thought forever fled. Bnt better Btill, they speak, those bell?, Of peace on earth and God's goodwill, And promise that his presence shall The 'whole wide'' earth with glory fill. And we, whose lives are desolate, Hold that sweet promise in our souls, And wait in patience for that hour While still time's river onward rolls. Aye, we can wait, sinqe in His hands God holds all men, and grasps all things ; And we rest safely, hidden so, Beneath the shadow of His wings, The moon has sunk behind the hills. In your blue orbs a shadow lies ; KJbb me good night, and wake, dear child, To morrow under sunlit skies. Leave all of sorrow with this hour ; Be brave, go forward, look not back ; The shadows always lie behind, There's light ahead along life's track. Set to the sun your face, my child, Your eyes keep ever on the light ; Be patient, faithful, true, and pure. And leave the rest to God. Good night ! 1887\. Agnes Nkale, 