NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Bright Weather. Races to-morrow. Frosty nights at Teetulpa. Italian opera season announced. Mr. John Hodgkiss is seriously ill. Warden Hack returns from Teetulpa. Fatal railway accident in Queensland. One hundred Californian quail arrived, Another seance with the Yanyarie ghost. Another case of embezzlement in Victoria. Trotting match in Victoria for £200 aside. Adelaide footballers leaving for Melbourne. Slight accident on the Glenelg railway line. The Baron is favorite for the English Derby. Vulcan beat Sir Edward at Morphett Vale. Sydney Town Hall to be illuminated on June 21. Hoarding removed from the Bank of Aus- tralasia. Sir Hy. Loch gives a fancy dress ball on June 22. The new Bank of Australasia is a handsome building. Mr. O'Biien is creating a little diversion in Toronto. The Hon. J. L. Parsons's lecture was well attended. The Hon. J. L. Parsons entertained a large audience. Mr. John Hill has named his three youngsters. The Union of Christian Churches still as far off as ever. Small supper-room to be erected at Govern- ment House. Five and a half tons of silver ore realised £1,171 14s. 10d. Will of Mr. Martin, of Malvern, Victoria, proved at £31,695. The Royal Water Commission will inspect the Murray River. Upwards of 300 men are now reefing in the vicinity of Teetulpa. The Hon. J. White will try to win the English Derby in 1890. New land laws and mining regulations for the Northern Territory. Attention being directed to the vacancies in the Legislative Council. Lord Carrington opens the Sydney hunting season next Wednesday. The Hon. Henry Scott is not aware that his election has been vetoed. Neil Matterson rows Peter Kemp over the champion course for £200. Special train from Mount Barker this even- ing for "Harbor Lights." Series of free fights at Elsternwick over the starting for a trotting race. Notice given of fully 100 amendments to the second clause of the Crimes Bill. How is it that B. Dixon & Co. are not ex- hibiting at the Jubilee Exhibition? Sims's rush has by no means turned out the ephemeral rush that was predicted of it. Three cab proprietors arrested in Sydney for having a private whisky still on their pre- mises. Mr. Parsons understands what is required in the way of fresh legislation for the Northern Territory. One of the most important manufacturers of an important industry not exhibiting at the Exhibition. Mr. Geo. Chaffey doubts the statement about New South Wales objecting to his using the water of the Murray for Mildura. The railway to Quetta, via the Hurnai route, has been completed, and railway material for 300 miles of line is being collected in the Pishin Valley. Don Affonso, the second son of King Luis of Portugal, will be deputed to represent his Majesty at the jubilee festivities of Queen Victoria. The Government Resident of the Northern Territory speaks hopefully of the future of our distant possession, which comprises over 300 million acres. Stated that a noble visitor to Sydney laid Lord Carrington £10,000 to £100 that the Hon. J. White would not win the Epsom Derby in side 10 years. A correspondent who has spent 15 months on Western Australia writes strongly advising people not to go to that colony in the hope in making a living. The Czar of Russia has conferred upon Queen Emma of the Netherlands the Grand Cross of the Ladies' Order of St. Catherine, which was instituted by Peter the Great. The Premier of Victoria discredits the report that the New South Wales Government has lodged a protest against the waters of the Murray being diverted for irrigation purposes. Her Majesty has declined to grant a charter conferring the title of lord mayor on the chief magistrate of Cardiff. In all probability, how- ever, the mayors of Cardiff and Swansea will be knighted. Senhor Hermenegillo Capello, the African traveller, has, according to a telegram from Lisbon, been appointed Portuguese Commis- sioner for the settlement of the dispute between Portugal and Zanzibar. This is by a future Adelaide Academician:— If Hunt is an artist we must make a show, For he always comes to the front, But when he's artistic, ah! then you must know There's one artist whom we could hunt. The Alpine wall which shuts out Italy from Europe is again to be pierced through. This time the tunnel is to pass under the historic Simplon Pass over which Napoieon made his great road, and the work will be commenced at once. Dr. Bernard O'Reilly's "Life of the Pope" will be ready in about a month's time. The volume will consist of some 600 pages, and will be fully illustrated—the pictures having been specially engraved from photographs sent from Rome. Public excitement in gigantic engineering feats has been almost exhausted by the com- pletion in rapid succession of the Mont Cenis, the St. Gothard, and the Arlberg Tunnels, so that the progress of the new Simplon tunnel will probably not create great interest. Vienna has decided to erect a statue to Joseph Haydn, a native of Austria. The execution of the monument has been entrusted to a dis- tinguished Austrian Bculptor named Natter, and will be solemnly inaugurated on May 31, the 78th anniversary of the great composer's death. The new edition of Mr. Ruskin's "Examples of Venetian Architecture" will be ready in a few days. Owing to the small number of im- pressions formerly printed the steel plates are in excellent condition, and the impressions in the reissue are not perceptibly inferior to those in the old. A decree has been signed by the King of Italy by virtue of which a new and complete edition of the works of Galileo will be pub- lished at the cost of the State. The Minister of Education, with the assistance of some emi- nent professors, will superintend the publica- tion, which will fill 20 quarto volumes of 500 pages each. In commemoration of the jubilee the Salt family, of Saltaire, will transfer to the public 45 almshouses providing accommodation for 60 people, with extensive grounds and infirmary, built at a cost of £40,000; also £30,000 left under the will of the late Sir Titus Salt for the benefit of poor people of the district as an en- dowment fund. In digging the foundations for the new Rath- haus at Hamburg a number of articles belong- ing to the early middle ages were found weapons, domestic utensils, skeletons, orna- ments, &c.; This is accounted for by the fact that it is the site of the first "burg" or castle of Hamburg, which was taken by storm under Duke Bernhard of Saxony 700 years ago. The most interesting of these relics of old Hamburg have been placed in the museum. GOOD AND BAD SIGNS. Finding a horseshoe or a 20-dollar gold piece is a symptom of luck. Stub your right toe and you are going where you are wanted—your left, where you are not wanted. Stub both and you will go where you don't want to go yourself. If yon see a new moon through the glass you will have sorrow as long as it lasts; and if you see a nail in the heel of your shoe you will suffer until you pull it out. If you break a mirror it is a sign that some one will die within the year, and if the mirror belongs to another man you will have to pay for it. MAN AND HIS SHOES. How much a man is like his shoes! For instance, both have a soul to lose; Both have been tanned, both been made tight By cobblers; both get left and right. Both need a mate to be complete; And both are made to go on feet; They both need healing, oft are sold, And both in time will turn to mould. With shoes the last is first; with men The first shall be the last; and when The shoes wear out they're mended new— When men wear out they're men dead too! They both are trod upon, and both Will tread on others, nothing loth. Both have their ties, and both incline, When polished, in the world to shine; And both peg out. Now would you choose To be a man or be his shoes? 