CONCERNING BIGOTS. [By the Rev. T. de Witi Talmage, D.D.] Do you notice the difference of pronunciation between shibboleth and sibboleth? A very email and unimportant difference you say. And yet that difference was the differenoa between life and death for a great many people. Gilead and Ephraim got into a great fight, and Ephraim was worsted, and on the retreat came to the fords of the river Jordan to cross. Order was given that all Ephraimites coming there be slain. But how could it be found out who were JSpbraimites 2 They were detected by their pronunciation. Shibboleth was a word that stood for river. The Ephraimites had a brogue of their own, and when they tried to say shibboleth, always left oat the sound of the ' h.' When it was asked that they say shibboleth they said sibboleth, and were slain. 'Then said they unto him, say now Shibboleth ; and he said Sibboleth; for he could not frame to pronoonca it right. Then they took him and slew him at the passages of Jordan.' Avery small difference you say, between Gilead and Ephraim, and yet how much intolerance about that small difference ! The Lord's tribes in our time — by which I mean the different denominations of Christians — Bometimes magnify a very small difference, and the only difference between BcoreB of denominations to-day is the difference between shibboleth and sibboleth. The Church of God is divided into a great number of denominations, some of them founded by very good men, some of them founded by very egotistic men, and some of them founded by very bad men. But a? I de mand liberty of conscience for myself I must give that same liberty to every other man, re membering that he Vuo more differs from me than I differ from him. I advocate the largest liberty in all religious belief and form of wor Ehip. In art, in politics, in morals, and in religion let there be no gag law, no moving of the previous question, no persecution, no in tolerance. Von know that the air and the water keep pure by constant circulation, and I think there is a tendency in religious discussion to purifi cation and moral health. Before the sixteenth, century the church proposed to make people think aright by 'prohibiting discussion and by strong censorship of the press ; and by rack and gibbet, and hot lead .down the throat tried to make people orthodox ; but it was discovered that you cannot change a man's belief by twist ing off his 'head, and that you. cannot make a man see things differently by putting an awl through bis eyes- There is something in a man's conscience which will hurl off the moun tains that you threw upon it, and unsinged of the fire out of the flame will make red wings on which the martyr will mount to glory. In that time of which I speak people went from the house of God into the most appalling iniquity, and right along by consecrated altars there were tides of drunkenness and licentious ness such as the world never heard of, and tha very sewers of perdition broke loose and flooded tbe Church. After a while the printing-press was freed, and it broke the shackles of the human mind. Then there came a large nxunbee of bad books, bnt where there was one mam hostile to the Christian religion there were 20 men ready to advocate it; so I have not any nervousness in regard to this battle going on between truth and error. The truth will conquer jost as certainly as that God is Btronger than the devil, Let error ran, if you only let truth run along with it, Urged on by sceptic's shout and transcen dent&li;&t;'s spur, let it run. God's angels of wrath are in hot pursuit, and quicker than an eagle's beak dutches oat a hawk's heart God's vengeance will tear it to pieces; Bat I want to make a distinction between bigotry and the lawful fondness for peculiar religious belief a and foraoB of worship. I have no admiration f Oi- a nothingarian. In a world of such tremendous vicissitude and temptation, and with a soul that must after a while stand before a throne of insuffer able brightness, in a day when tbe rocking of the mountains and the flaming of the heavens and the upheaval of the sea shall bs among the least of the excitements, to give account for, every thought, word, action, preference, and dfelike— that man is mad who has no religious preference. But our early education, our physical temperament, our mental constitution, willTery much decide our form of worship, A etyle of psalmody tiiat may please me may dis please yen. Some would like to have a minister in gown and bands and surplice, and others prefer to have a minister in plain citizen's ap parel. Some are most impressed when a little child is presented at the altar and sprinkled with tbe waters of a holy benediction, 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tha Holy Ghost;' and others are more impressed when the penitent comes up out of the river, hiB garments dripping with the waters of a baptism which signifies the washing away of sin. Let either have his own way. One man likes no noise in prayer-— not a word, not a whisper. Another man, just as good, prefers by gesticnlationand exclamation to express bis devotional aspirations. One Is just as good as the other. ' Let every man be fully persuaded in bis own mind.' George Whitefield was going over a Quaker rather roughly for Borne of his religions senti ments, and the Quaker said— ' George, I am as thou art ; I am for bringing all men to tha hope of the gospel ; therefore if thou wilt not quarrel with me about my broad brim, I will not quarrel with thee about thy black gown. George, give me thy band.' In tracing out the religion of sectarianism, or.bigotry, I find that -a great deal of it cornea from wrong education in the home circle. There are parents who do not think it wrong to caricature and jeer the peculiar forms of religion in' the world, and denounce other sects and other denominations. It is very often the case that that kind of education acts just opposite to what was expected, and the children grow np, and after a while go and see for themselves, and looking in those churches, and finding that the people are good there, that they love God and fear His commandments, by natural reaction they go and join those very churches. I could mention the names of prominent ministers of the GoBpel who spent their whole lives bombarding other denomina tions, and who lived to see their children preach the Gospel in those very denominations. Bat it is often the case that bigotry starts in a household, and that the subject of it never recovers. There are tens of thousands oi bigots ten years old. I think sectarianism and bigotry also «se- from too great prominence of any one denomi- ? nation in a community. All the other denomi nations are wrong, and his denomination is right becauEe his denomination is the most wealthy, or the most popular, ot the most influential, and it is 'oar' church, and 'out' religious organisation, and our cnony and 'our' minister, and the man tosses his head, and wants other denominations to know theit places. It is a great deal better in any oom nmnity when the great denominations of Christians are abont equal- in power, marching side by side for the world's eonqueak Mere, outside prosperity, mere worldly.power, is no evidence that the church is -acceptable to God. Better a barn with Christ in the manger than a cathedral with magnificent harmonies roQitur through the long-drawn aisle and an angel from heaven in tbe pulpit,_if there be no: Christ in the chancel and no Chmt injthe robes. Bigotry is often the child of ignorance. Yon seldom find a man with large intellect who is* bigot. It is the man who thinks he knows a great deal, but doesuot. That man ia almost always a bigot. !I%6wfcole*endency of educa tion and civitoation is to bring * man vat of that kind of state of jnindandhaart. There was in, the Ear East »igi^«belistr*nio». aide of the obefisTt^MB white..Motter side of the obelisk w»s«teent a™*to«_»gl 'J™* obeluk was bkfe; and. '»V«PM;MWSS and looked; atrthafc obeliik, **£*&*»? »*, walfcwcgand ife .QnelmwtaWMWonfcsi9** Mother at^odiBjrid^-*^^ «nw fej™°r eacn one taking a* only oneBdevani a» happed to tn«*,.ttieiEt«(ry«aye, andtneyKot into a *aak quarrel about -the t»Ior-of -that ; obelidc One man said it wan white, Matter : man -said at *m8 -green, *notfcer«iMiwid it'. was blue; «ndwhen they were in tbe vety heat of the cantrovery a .more inWiligwitj traveller came and said, 'Gentlemen, I have Been that obelisk, and yon ^a^e aH ir^hftand yon are all wrong. Why didnx you walk all around the bbs&k1;?' took out for the man who sees only one side of a religions 'troth. Look out for the man who never walks around these great theories of God and eternity. He will be a bigot inevitably— the man who only Bees one side. There is no man more to be pitied than he who has in his head just one fdea-.no more, no less. More light, Jess secta rianism. There is nothing that will bo soon frill bigotry as God's sunshine. 