New Soutli Wales. SYDNEY, Julj SO. SnnTeen, the Chinaman who attempted to committsuicideby disembowelling himself at his residence, Lower George street, on' the 26th instant, died in the Sydney hospital yesterday afternoon. . ; . ELM.S. Raven was at Noumea on the 2oth instant. She had come from the New Hebrides. Seven of her crew arrived in Sydney by the steamer Sydney invalided, having contracted fever in the New Hebrides. The fever is still raging at the French military posts there. The French warship Dives has left Noumea for the New Hebrides. J. TV. Smith, the herbal physician, denied vesterday at the inquest on' tne body of Cissy Bradshaw that he administered noxious drugs, but the jury . returned'a verdict - that death resulted from poison administered by him, and he was committed for trial on a charge of murder. . - -V- ? ; ~s . Charles Levison, aged 20, of Dorlinghurst, died . yesterday from * the effects of taking "Rough on Rats." He left a letter expressing his intention of committing suicide because he owed money. ' - /r'; Lord Carrington, accompanied by Mr. " J. F; Burns and Captain Waliington, returned to Sydney yesterday afternoon. ' ; , ' . Sydn*et, August . 1. . The Government is endeavouring to procure a suitable steamer to place at the disposal of Dr. Bevan for his New Guinea explorations. The Mabel, Government launch, was on Satur day taken for a trip down the harbour to test steaming capabilities and general fitness for service, and it is not at all unlikely that she ?will be selected for the expedition. One of the most important questions brought before the Minister for Justice at Silverton was that of border telegraph rates. The matter is to be brought before the Postmaster-Gee eral. The scalp bonus system now in vogue among the rabbiters is to be abolished as soon as pos sible, and other methods will: be adopted. Fencing subsidies will: also - be- closed, -and everyone will be compelled to destroy the rabbits on his own run.^ \ The steamer Comet, which ;went ashore at Richmond River on Thursday last, has been successfully floated. At a meeting of the members of the Tobacco Operatives Association, which was held ou'Fri day night, it was resolved not to accept the reduction of 10 per cent, -which had been pro posed by Saywell and Co. Yesterday afternoon a man, name unknown, was found lying in a pool of bloo 1 in the bush at the rear of Baden Baden Hotel, Coogee. He had a deep cut on one of his arms, and beside him, on the ground, was discovered a razor. On examination by Dr. Reed life was found to be extinct. -r An attempt is to be made - to. save the ma chinery of the steamer. Waratah, stranded re cently at North Bulli. . A married woman named Julia Fielding, residing at Waverley, was taken to the hos pital on Saturday morning, suffering from the effects of opium poisoning. It is stated by the . husband that she had in mistake taken a large quantity of opium and tincture of iron. Every effort was made to relieve the woman's suf ferings but without avail, and she expiied shortly after her admission. A fire broke out early on Saturday afternoon on. the premises of Lloyd and Collinses fancy goods warehouse, George street, and before it was got under it* spread to the. adjoining premises of Kerry and Jones, photographers, and Ferrari, wine-shop, doing damage to the amount of several thousand pounds. The loss is mostly covered by insurance. At a meeting of the Cabinet held cn Satur day. at which all the Ministers in town were present, several important matters were con sidered, including'the disposing of the tram way. - A 6erious garrotting case occurred early this morning. Mr. Congdon^ agent of the.Wool loomooleo Fish Market," upon leaving his. resi dence near Forbes street was garrotted by two men, who attempted, to rob him. .. After a violent struggle the men got off with his books, but failed to obtain £60 which was in his I pocket. The would-be robbers are still at large, and are said to be strangers in Sydney. The body of the man found in the bush near Coojree yesterday, was identified as that of , William Boston, residing at Randwick. He is supposed to have committed suicide by making a gash in his arm with the razor found by his side. -^Thomas M'Lcan, the miner who was injured last Wednesday through an explosion in the Bondi sewer, succumbed to his injuries last night.- . Stuney. August 2. Sir Henry Parkes was obliged to remain away, from the Colonial Secretary's office yes terday, in consequence of a serious illness, which made itself apparent on Sunday morn ing. The hon. gentleman was seen twice on Sunday by Dr. M'Laurin, who advised absolute rest, and yesterday evening Sir Henry was considerably better/ A fiad case of Buicide was reported from . Wollongong, a domestic servant named Isabella Thompsorihavingpoisoned herself with "Rough on Rats." The evidence at the inquest bhowed that Ehe had been dastardly treated by a young man, a member of the Salvation Army, to whom ehe was engaged to be married. The inquest on the body of Julia Fielding, whojis supposed to have died at Wa\erley, from an overdose of opium, lias- been adjourned till Thursday, to allow of a chemical unalyaH. The captain and crcw of. tbo schooner Re liance; which foundered, in the vicinity of Cape Byron the other day, arrived at, Sydney, on Sunday by the schooner Spufwing, ' At a meeting of the Bulli Relief Fund Com mittee yesterday tho statement that the widows . were dissatisfied "with the mode of distribution; was generally repudiated. One widow wrote saying she had been grossly misled in signing the protest. ' Intelligence has been received of the loss of the three-masted' schooner Cairndliu, , which was chartered by the Presbyterian Missionary Society* and despatched hence to the New Hebrides in -April last with a full cargo of missionary stores for various stations in the group. The Tessel drove ashore on a reef off jSIalo Island, one of tho New Hebrides' Group, 'andbecamea total wreck. . The crew landed safely on the island, and will be sent on to Sydney by the next vessel. The Cairndhu was a schooner of 161 tons.' When tho mail left the schooner was lying on the rocks full of .water.-.' . ; "MV-- fievan, the New Guinea explorer, made a successful trial on Saturday of the steam launch placed at his disposal by the Govern ment of New South Wales for carrying on his explorations. An influential committee has been formed to raise funds for the expedition, and both Quensland and Victoria are promising assistance. - Another attempt at suicide was made last . evening by taking " Rough on Rats." A young woman named Catherine Harris, residinsr at Redfern, took the poison, and now lies in a very dangerous state. This makes the third case, two of which were fatal, of staking f?Rough on Rats " within the last few days.: / ; A man named Palmer was to-day fined £20, or threo "months' imprisonment, for having thrown a board on a railway lino whilst drunk, thus obstructing the railway train. Another man was also fined £20 for selling lottery packets, said to contain money, for. 6d. each in the streets of the city. Snow is G feet deep on the high land at Hiandra. r SYDNEY, August 3. In connection with the proposals of the Steamship Owners* Association that the sup posed claims of certain owners of steamships against the Government for the conveyance of intercolonial mails be referred to arbitration, it is understood that the Government will not agree with them. Having gone carefully into the grounds on which the claims are based, the postal authorities are", of opinion that these cannot hold good, so that if the affair is to be settled at all it will be either by the steamship owners withdrawing their claims or else taking their case into a court of law. ' : Cardinal Moran, accompanied by Dr. Carr and a number of bishops and other ecclesiastics paid a visit yesterday morning to the Domi nican convent, Newcastle, on tho way to open the Convent of the Redemptiomst Fathers, at Mount Alphonsus, Waratah. The opening was a very imposing ceremony, and the collection amounted to £1,000. . The Minister for Justice has received a wire stating that since the coming into operation of the new Patents Act on Monday 50 applica tions for registration of inventions had been received. The German squadron, consisting of the Bismarck, Carola, Olga, and Sophie, leave Port Jackson this afternoon for Apia, Samoa. : A seizure of contraband goods was yesterday made by the Customs authorities on board: the E.. and A. Company's steamer Airlie, which arrived on Friday last from China. Three cwt. of tobacco, 1,000'cigars, and five tins of opium, were found concealed in the forehold. ; The Murrumbidgee at Gundagai rose 5 feet on Monday, evening, and is now 16 feet above summer level. According to the agreement' entered into between the different intercolonial steamship companies, the rates for freight and passage money were yesterday increased. SYDNEY, August 3. General Schaw is busily engaged on his investigation iuto the state of our defences. So far he has been, conducting his inquiries alone. The case against Murray, a Queensland digger, and Hannah Mullins, for having an illicit still in a house near the Haymarket, lias been dismissed, there being no evidence that the accused owned the stiff, or occupied the house.. . The inquest on the Penrith ghost case was resumed this morning, and further adjourned until Monday. Medical men still say the bones found are human.: A gold reef has been found three, miles from Cobar, and has caused great excitement in the district, land being secured by old miners along thecourseof tie reefs. Charles Alex. Jenkins, a solicitor of the High Court of Chaiiccry. and an officer in the 19th Hussars, pleaded guilty to-day to ob taining goods by false pretences, aiid was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment and fur ther remanded on a; charge of forging the name of a Victorian squutter. He has already served sentence in Pentridge. SYDNEY, August -1. Last night, at a meeting of the general com mittee of the Bulli Relief Fund, held in tlie Town Hall, the* report , of tlie executive com mittee was adopted, trustees appointed, and the executive committee empowered to continue their services till the completion of the trust deed. There is now a balanco iu hand of £38,203 5s._ The A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Gunga was towed into port last evening in a disabled condition, haying, broken her shaft 6ome 25 miles to the north-east of the heads. A blacksmith awaiting trial at Quarter Sessions, for burglary, yesterday escaped from tlie Hiilstou gaol by means of skeleton keys made from some wiie found in tlie exercise j yard., j On Tuesday evening an aggregate meeting of the western miners carried a motion calling upon the manager of tho Eskbank Colliery to | discharge tho blacklegs employed there or accept 24 hours' notice from the men.. It is expected that there will be a general strike in tlie district. A serious flood is reported from tho Albury j district and the lower parts of the town are I under water. .. Fears are .entertained for the I safety of the railway embankments. It has been decided by the miners of Lithgow to support tlio Iocked-out miners at the Ka toomba pit in their demands, and supply them' with strike money.. . ' ' f ' In reply to tlio request of n deputation ur"ing tho adoption of a system of penny postage, the . l'ostmnstcr-Gcneral yesterday explained that the: state: of tho rovenuo-would i not allow of a trial of eucli a system being | made this year. I 