TELIGION AND LAW. THE MORAL POWER 0? CHRIS TIANITY. By the Rev Da. Bevan. Christianity has been called the republica tion of the lave of Nature. It is a Revela tion of the Being and will of God, with evidence and sanctions which cannot be gained by reason, and not found by the mere inspection and experience of the uni verse. It is quite certain that the Re vela tion of Jesus Christ adds not only to our stock of religious ideas, but it increases the clearness and multiplies the power of those which we naturally possess In the same way Christianity has relation to morality. It not only furnishes us with moral ideas, containing certain positive commands and revealing dnties which are otherwise alto gether unknown to man, but it also deepens our convictions of right, gives a new force to the obligations of nature, and supplies an inspiration for holy and pure living which can be to&nd; nowhere else. It is certain that we do not learn what is right and wrong originally from Revelation. The sense of right is an original faculty of our nature. A school of painting may develop taste and correct the errors of s&athetio; judgment, but no school of print iug can furnish a blind man with sight, as it is not from the school of painting that the men who can see gained the power of appreciating the difference between colours, aud knows blue from yellow. The child has to learn oftentimes by bitter experience not to put its finger in«o the fire, but it is not experience that gave the child the power of feeling the fire's heat. So we may be dfr Iplined by life and educated by revelation iu respect of moral behaviour aud ethiori character, but neither the one nor the other furnished us with the sense of good and evil or the faculty which condemns us when we are wrong and approves of us when we do right. Morality like religion is natural to man. Revelation both for morality and religion improves the natural power and enlarges the field of practical life. It does not create but it easts inB human action. It is not the origin bat it is the support of obligation. WithgRt it nature would have perished. The ttw would have been but an empty sound echoing vainly in the halls of our beiug — of a voice crying in the wilderness, regarded by no man, heard by none, answered only by its own vain reverbera tions. CHRISTIAN ITT A XOBAL BELIGSQN. The religion of Jesus has been emphatically a moral religion. Every cultus has involved a discipline, and some faiths have developed to the least minutiss of conduct their relation to character and action. But none of them have shewn bo sublime a moral character. None of them have been so essentially ethical. And it may be fairly maintained that hnman nature has gained a nobler height of virtue under the influence of Christianity than in the case of any other of the great faiths ol humanity. This is the object of the present inquiry. We shall endeavour to show the moral power of Christianity. I. This may be first of all seen in the supreme character of Jesus Christ. TWO VIEWS AS TO THE NATURE OP JESUS. There are two views which are taken of the nature of Jesus. The most general is that of the Catholic Church, that He was the Son of God as well as the eon of man. That iu Him the second person of the blessed Godhead was incarnate, and that He was th refore a unique and supernatural beiug, His human nature necassarily sub limed by anion with the divine, so tha He was at once the highest manifestation of God, aud the most perfect of the race of men. The view taken by some who would stzil claim the title of Christian is opposed to this. It forms the naturalistic or so-called critical view of the person of Jesus, and acknowledging the noble development of His manhood, it denies to Him the posses Bion of any supernatural or divine nature. Affirming this to be an ideal presentation of our Lord's being which ages of trost and affection, admiration and love have de« veloped, Christ is a sort of myth, a poeaie of church. Real and historical on the basis of his personality, but rendered miraculous aud unique and divine by the progress of devout thought and tender retrospect. It need hardly be said that of thesa two views we cordially and completely accept the former, believiog the creed of Christendom to be only orderly presentation of the absolute truth concerning the person of our I0'® the same time, let it be noted that, for the purpose of our present argument, we need not demand the .acceptance of this position. For even by those who deny the supernatural in Jesus the supreme moral dignity of Jesus is emphatically asserted. Indee », they pro bably insist the more upon the virtues of Christ in proportion as they deny the dignity of His divine personality, for the difficulty of the problem Increases almost to contradiction when the reduction of our Lord's nature fa carried to the extent of ordinary dimensions, both ®Pon. human and the divine side. All# theref , unite in setting the moral height of Jesus as unspeakably high. Christians adore Him as a God, with all the perfection of the God head shining through His humanity. Critics are borne away when they wriw of the characteristics of His being, into strains of eulogy that can bardiy b® tinguished from the words of wo p- Poetry Batches the fire of the temple s alter, and the flame that burns before the Nazarene is that of a sacrifice to God. philosopher may deny His Godheo d, then affirms such qualifies of His hood as man has never exhibited. AM person of Jesus as Interpreted by Church may be miraculous. As . by its opponents, the nature of our Lord found Incredible, Bui aU join in the witoew to the dignity of His nature and the sublime ! height to which His virtues reached. It is need! ess for me to remind you of that 1 pure character, that elevated worth, it is a holy Being that the angel promises Mary shall be born of her. His growth is in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man. What a question is that which He dares to place before the Jews, Which of you convinceth Me of sin ? He becomes the denonncer of the people's guides, and hesitates not In the dignity of His character to cleanse the temple, and sit iu judgment even upon the highest teachera and leaders of the people. Wnerever He moves, men feel that there Is a heavenly presence among them. At His death the Roman officer iB assured that He is a Son of God. " Holy and harmless, separate from dinners," is the character He leaves behind Him among His discipleB. In all His history there is no trace of a sense of moral unwortbi- nese, do strivings of conscience, no sense of abject baseness in the presence of God, no trace of penitence in all His career. Now, this is phenomenal. It is unique in the history of great religions leaders, but it is only part of the universal proof of the perfectness of Christ's character, and the high range of moral attainment upon which He ever stood. The moral oharacter of Jesus Christ is the great fact of the Gospel. THE HOBAL FOBOE OF JESUS. What, then, must be the force of this Personality upon ihe race ? We do not now speak of the evidential weight and rhetorical persuasiveness of the moral nature of Christ as seen in the history of the church But we Insist upon the fact that the nature of Jcbus, the moral elevation of our Lord, has been one of the most energetic forces in the possession of the Christian church, It arrests attention, and especially draws men to its contemplation. The view of virtue does not only produce admiration, but it tends to reproduce itself. Moral dignity Is itself a moral force. He who seeB may come to like and love the virtue that he seeB, and, liking and loving, may cause him to become like, and to live even as that which he loves The moral power of Christianity iB no wonder when we remember the character of its Founder. More than any other system the religion of Jesus depends upon the person of Jeeus. Christianity is Christ. The Gospel is the Nazarene himself, The mere acceptance of a body of doctrine — the enrolment of an individual in a community — these do not constitute personal Christian life so much as attachment to the Lord, and a certain incorporation of the believer with Him in whom He trusts. To be a Chris tian, then, in this sense fa to lay oneself open to the mightiest influences for truth, virtue, self-denial, and purity. Hence Christianity has been through the person of Christ, whatever inay have been the philo sophical conception of that Person, a power of a moral and a spiritual kind. A Christian man becomes a Cbristly man. A Christian community centres round Christ, and draws from him law and inspiration, Influence and conforming force, A Christian age repeats before the world the multiplied image of Jesus Christ. Men learn of all other teachers, at last criticise and judge them ; but men love JesuB Christ, and at last become like Him. The first element In the moral power of Christianity is the personal character of our Lord. THE CHRISTIAN CREED A MORAL ENERGY. II. The second element in the moral power of Christianity is the peculiar charao ter of the faith which it demands in the work of its Founder. The church of Christ in all its forms has held a specific doctrine concerning the object of Christ's coming into the world. Jesus Christ was not a mere rsvealer of the nature of God, and an interpreter of the supreme will of the Governor of the universe. Neither was He manifested as a mere spec tacle and example of high moral character, a noble life nobly spent, One of the earliest preachers of the Gospel declared that the subject of His ministry was Christ and Him crucified. All parts of the church have therefore testified as to the meaning of the cross of Christ. It was the co« summation of a work, a special work, which Christ had come into the world to perform- It was the supreme and intensest form in which the work was done, at once the highest place of the worker in His work and the crown and conclusion of it. Parts of the church have at times dwelt exclusively upon what our Lord did. Some have forgotten what He di : in what He was. The full and catholic teaching of Christianity embraces alike His Person aDd His work. What, th-n, was the work of Jesus Christ ? W t shall state it in its most general form, free from any peouli-r phraseology which belongs to the schools and smacks of a limited and narrow theological theory. He died, in the language of Scripture, for our sinB, and rose again for our justification. As the church sings in its ancient hymn, " Thou hast opened the kingdom of heaven to all believers." Thus we see that Christ s work, &cc; rding to the doosrine of the Christian ohmch, had relation to man's moral nature. It was wrought in some way between God as the ruler of men and the Btate into which men had brought themselves by sin. _ Christ dealt with human sin. He had relation not merely to any particular sinner whom He may have encountered when He was upon earth, bnt to all sinners, to the sinful state of the world, to man as a whole from the first of the race to the last that'shall be born, and that relation was intended to change the condition of man, to deliver him from the guilt of sin, from the curse of sin ; and, finally, to extirpate all t in from the entire race, to blot it out from the universe of God, and to restore the Divine universal family to the order and the love ; and the perfect bliss of the Divine nature and will. Now, you may formulate this work of Christ in any way you please, But the fact of it and its large and significant applica- oation you cannot deny. If you do. you make nonsense of the Bible, and convert all tbe teaching and all the history of the church of all ageB into a contradiction — a ridiculous i and foolish vanity. Hence we may see the immense moral force of Christianity, bated a» it ig upon audi facts and each interpretations. of them. It is impossible to conceive a more powerful lesson of the evil of sin, and there fore a stronger deterrent from it, and a more vigorous incitement to goodness and virtue than such a scheme of salvation as that revealed in Christ and perfected by "Him. All the power of the Divine nature is invoked in the sending of the Son of God. The mischief of sin is so immense that nothing but a Divine intervention, and that at an enormous cost to God Himself, can undo the evil and re- establish the good. No man, no angel, no created being can under take the work- God Himself must be the saviour of men from sin. Creation is not so great as Salvation. Providence and the infinite plan of all life rising to its highest In the life of man are not vaster, do not demand more of the power and the wisdom of God, than the removal of guilt and the restoration of holiness and the re- assertion of law. GOD ALSO CONCERNED THEREIN And all this involves suffering, not merely of the guilty- -of the creature, bat the suf fering of the innocent — the Creator, the Son of God. God Himself mast Bppear — He must undergo the impoverishing of the incarnate life ; He mo&t; climb painfully the steep road of an earthly pilgrimage. He must endure, in the person of His Son, temptation, the assault and malice of the Devil, the agony of tbe crosB, the shame and tbe darkness of death. It is only thus that sin can be expiated, that a method of salva tion can be seonred, and that the gate of heaven — the heart of God — can be again thrown open to the moral being who has fallen and sinned, and lost his primal inno cence. Now, suppose that all this be nothing bat a dream, even then its testimony for morality and virtue would be < f enormous power ; while if it be true, its energy as a moral restorer cannot be conceived by buman thought or expressed by human language AU the qualities that act for human better ing are called into play by the contempla tion of this method of salvation. Wonder a:vl awe, delight and admiration, gratitude and love, spring up in the presence of these facts We gather them all into tbe one expression, " the ciobs of our Lord Jesus Christ," and it must be " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believes." What we, should expect from the nature of the case is veritable fact iu tbe history of the Church The s-iear presentation of this truth has always been accompanied by a higher and a holier life. Obscure the cross, and human virtues grow pale and feeble, and expire. Exalt it, and they bloom in the light like flowers in sunshine. It is the mighty engine of a world's re newal. Christ declared that, if He be lifted, He would draw all men unto Him Aod so has it ever been, so is it now Men are drawn to Him on that cross, end as they are drawn they become like Him, their moral nature changed into the similitude of His own, III. One other feature ;n the moral power of Christianity remains to be noticed, and that is its sublime claim upon man in his personal obedience to its laws. The character of Jesus and the work of Jesus might have been, objective facts, wholly apart from man himself. They might have been presented in history, and as such man might have learned them, and a certain impression of a moral kind been pro duced upon bis inind an < heart. But there is more than this in tbe Christian scheme. It is a discipline. It makes certain demands upon man It lays upon him injunctions. There are its rules of behaviour. It is religion. It is also ethics. Tbe fundamental principle of Christ's teaching Iu this regard had respect; to the shattered nature of man. Sin had disturbed the order of the human miod, the faculties of the soul. Sin had ruined the entire fabric of man's spiritual being. Hence Christ declared that a new creation, a new birth, was necessary at the very outset of that life to which He summoned men, and for which He came to make provieion. He breaks through the curous questioning of the Jewish ruler about his own claims to be a teacher sent from God by the deep, ail-searching declaration, that except a man be bcrn from above he cannot see the Kingdom of God. Then to meet this need — this fundamental and primal need of human nature — He teaches that God, who had already provided the objective means of redemption by His Son, would also provide the subjective con dition by the gift of the Holy Spirit. That Spirit He promises to His disciples. That Spirit He pours out upon His Church. That Spirit has long dwelt among men, restoring, purifying, renewing, sanctifying, applying Christ's work, crowning and completing in personal experience what the Lord had finished by dying on the cross, and rising frGm the dead, and ascending into glory. the inspiration of goodness. Upon this basis, then, Christianity has built up its ethical system. It gives its laws ; it demands obedience. It does not add to human duty, bnt it defines it, makes it clear, extends it, links it with faith in God and dependence on tbe Holy Ghost. It has its laws for the individual as related to his family, to his dependents, to his age, to his country, to his kind. It suspends the rules ol all external discipline and ritual, and in their place implants' a seed of holiness and vircue. It changes the machinery of morafr into the life of goodness. Instead of the medicine of empirical ethics, it supplies the bread and wine of a heavenly righteousness. A man under tbe Christian discipline has sot to satisfy the demands of an external con formily with a set of laws, but he has to live out freely the instiucts of a divinely- wrought nature. It is not moral rule ; it is moral life It is no philosophic school ; it is Christ in you, the hope >>f glory ; it is the Spirit of God dwelling within the soul i man. What wonder then, brethren, that wherever Cbristlaol y has appeared it has come with immense moral force. It is impossible to conceive of anything wbich should result in a nobler life, ae it is useless to seek for anything which can be set by the side of this Christian virtue. It saved a world that was hastening in its decay to a . grave ot rottenness. It has again and again restored humanity to virtue( and to hope, | and to life.- Is is- the engine cl all modern j -growth, and . the companion and incentive of all modern progress. It takes an indi vidual man and so changes him that you cannot recognise tbe old lineaments of evil in the new countenance of the saint. Apply it, and it never fails It- builds the New Jerusalem upon the ruins ot decayed faith and overturned goodness It is the earnest, as it is the promise and tbe procuring of tbe heaven that we expect the personal appeal And, as 1 close, et we ash you whether the Gospel of Jeeus Christ has become this moral power to you. Is is quite possible to make it no more than a scheme of doctrine — a collection of pictures. V ou may value it and admire it. and praise it, and show it to your neighbours, and blaze it abroad to a world, but you have made it a vain thing if you have not done more with it than this. Are you making it a power of your life 1 Have you subjected your nature to its influence ? and are yon perpetually control ling your life by its laws ? Have you taken the first step in opening your heart to that spirit ? Serious questions for serious men ! 