AMUSEMENTS. "The Tomboy" is to be produced for the first time in Sydney to-night at the Theatre Royal, when Miss Carrie Swain, a volatile ac tress, vocalist and dancer, will sustain tho title role, and will sing -44T-he. Mother's Lullaby," "The Kiss Song," "The Tyrolean Maid " and " Head over Heels." Mr. R. Wat son will join with her in the duet 44 We're going to be married on Sunday," and the cast for the drama will include Mrs. Geo. Gordon, Miss Jeunv Watt-Tanner, Messrs. B. N. Jones, J. It. Greville, Haus Phillips, F. Dark aud others. New scenery has been specially painted for the production by Mr. John nennings. 44 Nell Gwynne," a now three-act comic opera, the music by Robert Planquotte, the libretto by M. B. Farine, will be staged lor the first time iu Sydney at the Criterion Theatre to-night. Some protty music may be cxjjccted from the composer of " Les Cloches de Corncville " and half-a-dozen other successful operas, aud bright dresses aud new scenery will form added at tractions. The caot draws upon the strength of the company very largely, and amongst others includes .the followiug artists: Nell Gwynne, Miss Eurilic , Melville ; Lady Clare, MissijColbornc-Baber ; Jessamine, Miss Fanny Liddi'ard ; Charles II., Mr. George Dean; Buckingham, Signor Verdi; Rochester, Mr. Artnci Beaumont ; Weasel, Mr. John Forde, and Beadle, Mr. Edwin Kelly. Miss'Minnie Palmer gave a juvenile night at the Opera keusc last night, which, favored as it was by betterweather than we have lately had, proved highly successful. To-night the accomplished actress makes her last appearance at this theatre, wheu 44 My Swectneart " will be again performed. On ilonday Mr. George Darrell's company opens a twelve nights' season with a realistic drama,44 The New Rush," which being a purely Australian story should find especial favor with an Australian audience. "The Wide, Wide World "will be produced at the Gaiety Theatre for the last tune to-night, aud will be followed by the farcical sketch "The Silent Woman," and with these perform ances tho Vivian season will close. Uu Moudav the theatre will open under the management of Messrs. Tyrrell and Dalziel with a uew drama entitled 14 Qneen of the Turf," for which a com petent cast has been secured and a full orchestra under Mods. N. LaJFeuillade. " lie!!, the Romany," is the attractive title of the new drama announced tor production at the Hoy al Standard Theatre to-night, when Mr. Dam- pier will play a strong character part as tell, the Romany, Elliott Gray, and the Chicalcary Bloke. New scenery has been painted, aud the new drama will be brightly staged. 44 Au Englisn Lass" is in rehearsol at this theatre. Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels are doing well at the Academy of Music, where their new enter tainments with the present strong company will prove attractive for some lime to come yet. Cottier's Minstrels will occupy tlieir usual ground at the Protestant-bait to-night aud on Monday, when a varied entertainment will be given by the company. The Theatre of Varieties will be opcu at Newtown as usual, and an entire change of bill is announced for to-day by the management. The Australian Waxworks opposite the Cathedral will be open as usual, where the last nights of tho Vanishing Lady are annouuccd. , Caffery and Penn, the Barrier Island murderers, are added to the collection. The Strasburg clock ia on view at the Apollo- hall, Kidman's Buildings, where this ingenious mechanical contrivance is attracting much at tention. The Exhibition Building will shortly open with the " New Japanese Village," for which theliapcrial Dragon Troupe has been engaged. Mr. Pain, the great firework manufacturer, who illuminated the Health, the Fisneries and many of the great exhibitions in London, an nounces his first great display of fireworks to be held to-night in the Domain, wheu the pro ceeds will be devoted to local charities. The gigantic device representing the bombardment of Alexandria by Her Britannic ilajesty's men- of-war will be represented, there will be a grand lattice work of fireworks. 400i:. long, fountains "of silver fire, the Falls of Niagara in sheets of leaping flame, numberless flights of rockets, and many devices utterly new and never beiore seen in this part of the world. The grounds will be brilliantly illuminated, the band of the New South Wales Volunteer Artillery will attend, aud the whole promises to be a display of dazzling splendour. The grounds will be opened at 8 p.m., and the fireworks will be let off at 9.15 p.m. Mr. Cecil Forrester's original polyphonic sketch, " The Wedding Party," was given at the Manly Aquarium before a large audience last night, the special cveuiug boat from Sydney at 7.30 p.m. being well filled. It may be said at once that Mr. Forrester is a first-class artist, and one of the very few we have seen who have been capable of the sustained effort and variety of resource needed wheu the continuous amuse ment of an audience is attempted single- handed. Half 9 dozen men could be named now living who can do this successfully, and Mr. Forrester is one of them. A pleasant, well- bred manner, a cultivated voice and a powerful falsetto, added to marvellous facial expression, are the qualities npon which Mr. Forrester chiefly relies ; and as these, without natural humor, would be but "as a sounding brass or tinkling cymbal," the artist is blessed with an eye which inconstantly throwing its droll sug- gestiveness upon everything and everybody that cornea within the range of its vision. "The Wedding Party" is a sketch which serves to introduce a host of eccentric characters to the audience in the person of the actor ; Miss Christina Jones, a spinster of 45, warbles the ballad 44 Waiting," with a bridling air, which throws the audience into convulsions ; Mr. Spooner, the amateur, who is only too willing to "chortle in his joy,5' shows how throaty that double-voiced horror the untaught tenor can be ; and Matthew Jones, the newly-married man, with dramatic tendencies, iu the character of Macbeth, apostrophises an inoffensive chair (representing the ghost of Banquo) in blood curdling tones of agony, which would melt the heart of a tiger, or make a cat iaugh. Many other characters elicited the warmest applause, and the 44 Farmyard Imitations" were admir able. Mr. Forrester's engagement lasts until Wednesday next, up to which time at least the aquarium will doubtless be crowded. On the whole, it does not seem likely that Mr. Claude Lepiastrier, the courteous secretary to the Manly show, can succeed better in pleasing the patrons of the aquarium than he has done by the present too short engagement of Mr. For rester. 