Revenge. 1 have served in the French nrmy' (as .-mruci'ii) (uni' sacrebleu ! I never yet But (ere i an insult 1'rum mortal being to pais mui Lii-ed. It was in the Tyrol last year. While Wandering through that picturesque conntiy, I frequently encountered two la dies—-ne olderiy, the other a widow—> charming, petite, spirituelle—Adrienne 1 At hiBt we found ourselvei quartered at the same hotel, aud I rapidly Buccumbed to the fair widow's charms—she was so sym pathetic,-so vivacious,' yet with all that sa. voir fain of experience which aa elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure — liow delicious its lineal AVhat masses of magnificent tresses I What perfect rows of ivory her coral-lipped Bmile permitted us to see I What healthful bloom ( lie exercise and mountain uir had lent to her cheek I Yes, I would propose that evening. ' Tim. night I went up to dress for dinner —an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the maitre d'hotel to change my room for one with a more southerly as pect; hut when 1 had climbed to the first fl'jor (no light exercise I) where my new apartment was located, 1 found 1 could not leeollect tlui number. A' little reilectibn, however, made me decide it was No. 18, but, to make certain, 1 listened for a moment at tho door—all was still within—turned the handle softly and entered. Nom de Dieul .who was this? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay . the ghost of Adrioann 1.' Adrioimn? ' . hut. Adrienne- djs6gured-.-'*rilSgfaf3t^SiS8yt«!?: bald, with her cheeks falling in on the tooth-1 less gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dres9) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille 1 A lay- figure waiting to bo transformed by her maid into my Adrienne—waiting to be mado into my decoy—but I would bo re venged I Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended liastily to tho parlor, whero 1 found most of tho guests waiting for tho dinucr-goug, I caught a glance of astonish ment at my own undress uniform, and a thougnt struck me—I smiled, Tho house happened to be full, just then, of a very, fashionablo company, tho ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and 1 know there wn9 a cer tain countess who was especially Adrienne’s rival in this respect. Ah I I would shamo iier before them all; 1 would give her a lesson under her rival’s eyes—she shbuld learn not to tiiflc with honest affection— Mon Dieu 1 yes I 1 1 am a mesmerist. Ity will is' iron. I sat down apart, and turning,my eyes from those present, put all my will force into action. .One—two—three—four minutes, aud there was a footstep outside the door_ the handle wns gently turned and Adrienne appeared-—yes I precisely as I had seen her before I Tno whole roomfuil of listless guests rose us if simultaneously galvanised —tho ladies shrieked “ A ghost "_but Ad rienne.advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I made the releasing passes with my hand—3he awoke—gave one glauiju round at tho staring company and the scorn ful eyes of her rival, another at her figure re flected in tho mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sauk—a fainting heap—on the floor I 1 was revenged 1! That same night 1 thought I heard somo one moving about my room, nud found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent spring, fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris 1 had to publish my loss before l could move out of lied. Adrien in-, h ..<11\. ft the house that night, hut not without retatia ing. —tfaue, vtte—h’ass-viol. A revolutionist—An acrobat. 1 Pastoral'iutelligouco—Church news. “ Dupes aud their prey ’’ is tho Aye’s sido hc&ding; to a pur. about au- old doad-hoat wliogot at u in’un for 'nineteen pounds.' Tim colonial politicians who arc to rodeive knighthood from tho Queen will thereafter have to ho distinguished us rank impostors. Wb read that on account of Hoods iu ono part of Now South \Yalo3 cano cutting has been suspended. This should bo interesting to school-boys. ° Joiiu Uradicy, an old Crimean campaigner was burnt :iu his house, near Kyuotun, the other day. Poor fellow; like utruo soldier, lie died under lire. ’ Tho latest scssiou of N.S.W. Parliament died game. “ There's no doubt, Mr. Speaker but that Clarke's in tho swindle up to his neck,” were tho lust words heard os the house adjourned. •' J.I10 neighbors of Mr_will ho in terested to hear that lie has changed liis residoncj,” says a local paper. Now is nut tliut rattier rough on Mr._? -\y0 would ho interested to hear that a certain neighbor of ours had shifted liis family to another suburb; if would savo us the trouble of carrying in our firewood nud looking up our hens of nights. 11m meanest man has just cropped up at Uallarat; ills wi c pulled him for nmiutuiu auco, and, aiuougst other charges, accused hun of bullying her bccausu slm ato between meals. \\\ e1 expect slm had been eating seed cake in bod. We liavo a treasure of S wife • slm does lier household work, her owu wash! ii1^, splits tho wood, and attends to a gar den on 0110 meal a day, hut the meal lists all day. 