2 ANDTJNLIKE. M>, E. BRADDON, T£Mtt:«UdyAudlw8aoreV- Etc. o i: (Continued ) «: niaaen her somewhere iu ?rak o! h"n8e.' »id St. K" -fev'";" r qr he may have buried her in the -..-.-garten.;-. < WOnla Pot 1,9 ea®y to hide a oorpae In tne largest house; nor easy to din grave neiween mianight and morniug In summer time, snob a grave as shon'd not bo obvious o Every eye. The one Bate hiding place would be the river ; but that is more than a quarter of a mile from the house, at the nearest point.' B0' draS! the river?' 'asked St! \- Anetell. ' I mean to get it done ; bat your lordship remember that it is only within the 1 few- days I snooeeded in finding the \- Biaeford boatman, and that it was his description of bis passengera appearanoe and conduct which confirmed my enepioion of There is suoh a thing as instinot; hut ope mast have some h?:ter jastlfiaation than instinct before taking Bctive eteps in a bnsiness of this kind." It is tbe fault o! yonr tribe,' said Ht. Austell, Yon are all over cantious. This man bears the brand of Gain on bis f ore- \------ head.' e: « You are right there. He has the criminal manner distinctly marked. I saw that when I spent an evening in hi« mother's honse, and I was almost as certain then as I am now that he made away with his wife.' W ben can we get the river drav-ged ?' asked, tbe Colonel. . — u.-.? ' To-morrow at daybreak,' answered Mel- notte: I have engaged a couple of men to do it. They know tohat tbey are to search for , bnt they will keep their counsel, and toll any onrions inqnirera that I dropped a valuable watch into the stream yesterday afternoon when I was rowing. I hired a boat at tbe bridge yesterday, and rowed np the Ghad and along the Abbey river, and in this place, where everything is known tbev con cerns other people's busineee, that fact ia sure to be known. The men will begin to drag at apoiat that I Bball indicate to them nearest to the Abbey, and work down stresm for a quarter of a mile — theu go back to the \- same point and work np stream. It the body was thrown into the river it ' will be loand within those limits.' ' What if that final evidence is found? The murderer will have had time to get out' of reaob of jnstice before a coroner's inquest : - can. bring his crime to light,' said St. 1 Austell. " ; « He will not leave the country very easily. All the principal ports are ! beiag \- : watched.' But what of the smaller ports ? He will get away, if be wants to escape.' 1 1 don't believe he intends flight,' said the Colonel. ' Sir Adrian's manner was natural -enough this afternoon when he talked of his brother having gone np to town, and the \- possibility of hie travelling sooner or later. Be has held his ground so long that I Eee no reason why he should take fright now,' Unless be smells a rat, and suspsots Mslnotte,' eaid St. Austell. I t I | The late winter dawn found St. Austell . .awdke iu his old-fashioned four-post bed at the hotel by Chadford Bridge. He had been toBsing about all night, sleepless, save for brief snatches of half unconsciousness, which were rather waking dreams than sleep. Not for one instant of that weary night had 'Helen's image been absent from his thoughts. .Again, and again, and again he r.ad lived over their last meeting — .recalling her looks and tones — her reluctant yielding to his -prayers — and then her final promise, solemnly given, that Ehe would be his. He remembered how he had stood by her Bide, with her hand clasped in his, .and had said to her, ' This promise makes you mine for ever, love. There must bo no -going back from your words to-day. To me it is s piUJ-..-! before the altar. May tbe worafc evil happen to me If I ever' fall away irom' my fidelity to you-' He had spoken in good faith, and now In his despair he told him self that this wae the real love of his life, \-- and that if ehe had lived he wonld have been true to her to the end. ' She was beautiful enough to enelave a man. for a lifetime,'- he said -to himself. ' She had spirit enough to make her a diffi cult conquest ; she was j clever enough to be a delightfal compaction .for a clever, man. .She waB the one perfect woman whom I have known.' He rose at daybrCGk, worn out by Bleep. IeBshees, and tried to refresh himself with an ice-cold bath. The house was astir early in the hunting ee.-isan, and there: was B greal cry for baths and boots, and hurrying te. and fro of oh&mbEr; maids in the corridor, by tbe time Lord St. Austell waa dressed. .His breakfast wae raady iu the pretty sittingroom looking . cn to the road and the river, at eight o'clock, but be was as little able to eat gb he had been to sleep. He eat staring at the' fire, and sipping a oup of tea, while he pictured to himself what the men were doing in the Abbey river. . He had intended to be down there at ' daybreak and to watch them at their work -from the beginning. He had thought about it all night, bat when the morning light OS rae, bis courage failed bim. It was all too ghastly. How would death ' "have need her, his beloved, she whose smile was to have been his Aurora, who was to hqve looked upon him in the happy dawn, :ia tbe glad beginning of eaoh new day. How would she have fared in that cold couon, ' .where thqy were seeking her ? F->r tbe first time sinee bis boyhood be prayed with all the strength and fervour ot 3 believer — . forgetting nis scepticism, his so-ciology, his joewlmism, everything, except the mental; ; agony. which wrong that prayer from bim. j Ha prayed (bat tbe men with the drags i . might not fiud ber. That she might atillbe i . . , living, lost to him, perhepH, but living and i r : lovely as: she bad beeu v hen last he -looked apoa her faoe. The men must have been at work for more than an hoar by this time, and it would take bim nearly an hour to walk to the Abbey Iver j .yet still he eat wich his breakfast oup in h(| hand, a«vug oii ioe IJCBIVBVSUI xdnctant to faoe tbe result of that loathsome -work. At last, with an effort; he rose from tiw arm chair, put on his ooat, and went out. Then were three young men starting for a a distant meet ae he left the hotel. Taey were -clattering over 'the bridge, ' lighting their cigars, and talking and laughing ; full of inane joooiity, as it seemed to 2t Austell. He almost hoped that one of them would be JiiUed before they eame baok in tbe evening, ' \- Me execrated tbem for their mirtbfol inep- -ftitode, as tbey went jogging up the etony jfftt, slapping tbeir horeeB' haunches and vraggering in their saddles. Ho was glad to St away from the old English town, and i fringe of modern villai, to the lonely high V. jxoad, end then to the footpath aoross the . .. Verb, lo that tribatary of theCb8d whloh \- was called tbe Abbey river, a stream in wbieh many a fat aod placid lay-brother had fidwd with net or line, and piaoed hie eel titikete in the good old nonkishdaya. Bt. Amtell went down into the deep glen tbcongh wbieh the river ran, parallel with " tbe nnlroad. He went by the eame narrow path wbiob be bad trodlen last AogHst, _ , . tmder the heavy summer ioliage. Now the tlOCgbS WC?£ &ud; ;ks n'lutc- lookcu ooldly bine bebiDd tbe dark,trfioery of leafless twigs. He saw tbe eoene te in a dream, the wind-swept hillooks and follows, tho great Jbrown trunks of the oake, and In tbe distance tbe bright gleamiig river glanoinig June and there, aerosa anjopenicg in the wbb&iriu; Ho west dewf to the Perk, where be met Mtt. . Badieky yesterday Sfferucog, Thsie vras , nc one . io sight, trd? fiobld h'a hear ihc to-ond of the Srone sarepicg alcag ihe prjtitils -3d. If the ssca were still at work (key wer?- out. oi ear -j&ok; He walked otowiy iilong, nopiog that tril .w&e; over r and it at ncthing had keen amsAjbat a Utile further -on he mtt Mel. -txiottsf and thvi firet'gisace it nlsfaoe told St fS.a«teli that bad hsau a ghastly die- ' -avvry. f '?naaf -6re: "year/ doing here; LotS Bt, Anvkll,' dtid Metnorie buvedly." Pray go "!fcaeh. hss»l>iviJB«oed,'iiDd,'you ?abBshwl.p <rrcu"?'-kicUV i»i»& Mi«au-Jior. ought noi. to' Oe ieen nere. It may dv'yo'a harm by-and-bye.- Take my advice and get way from this neighbourhood as soon as you can.' . '"What have they found — where?' asked St Austell, ignoring his advioe. They have found a body in a deep pool farther down the stream — It : is bet's, there rfre' ample means of recognition. Tbe loog brown hair, a wedding ring and keeper, a Persian rug wound round with a silk handkerchief. If her murderer had taken pains to seoure her identification, and to ehow that she did not throw hereeif into the' river, but was thrown in by somebody else, he eould not have done more. Yes, it is very sail, my lord,! as if in answer to tbe agony ia St. Austell's ooautenance, ' but there ie no help. It is all over and done with It is only what I expected. , What you have to do is to get away (ram Chadford before tbe inquest, and to keep your name out of the business, if you oan. You are known to have been with her on tbe last day cf her life, to have planned an elopement with her. You may be suspected of her murder — who knows.' I don't care -whether I am or not. Where ia she ? Lst me eee her,' said St. Austell, trying to pasB Mr. Mslnotte, who contrived to block the path. For God'B sake don't go that way. The men are carrying tbeir burden to the dead- he use. Let no one who loved her look upon ber' — lot uo one but the surgeon see all that death and the river hava left of poor humanity.. Come back: to Chad worth with me, Lord St. AuBtell ; I am going to the Coroner.' ' What of her murderer ? Is he to escape you ?' Not if I can help it. I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard before I see the Coroner, and when I have aeen him I shall get a magis trate's warrant for Mr. Belfield'e arrest, and I shall take the first train for London to put tbe warrant in force.' Sir Adrian will have oommnnioated with his brother in tbe meantime perhaps. Does he know what has happened?' Not yet, I think. There was no one down by tbe river while the men were at work, except a gamekeeper, and I told him my story of having dropped my watoh into the stream, whioh be seemed to swallow easily enough. I don't think Sir Adrian can have heard anything yet, but there will be plenty of talk, I suppose when the remains have been taken to the dead-houBe.' ' Lord St. AuBtell looked back along the river path. He saw the men in the distance- carrying their burden on a light hand-bier, whioh . they must have taken with tbem from the dead-house in expectation of this ghastly result. The burden wrb covered with a black cloth, and they were walking slowly in tho bsme direction bb St. Austell and Melnotte, only a good WBy behind. He made no farther attempt to see what- lay beneath yonder gruesome covering; indeed he felt that Melnotte was right, and f.nnf: hA umnld nnt fnr wnrldq have looked upon those poor relias ot all that he had loved. Let not that horrible imsge come, between him and hie memory of her fresh young beauty ; let him noc be reminded through her of what ho himself must be — o' poor humanity's common doom. He walked back to the town almost in eileoos, and lefi the deteotive to do his work alone. Mel notte suggested that he should goto the oottage and break the news to Colonel Deverill, but this St. Austell refused. 1 1 oan help no man to bear his burden,' he said; my own Is too heavy for me.'- It was part of his burden to know that hie unholy love bad been the cause cf Helen Belfield'e death. If her husband was- the murderer, it wbb her lover who bad brought about theorime. CnAPTEB XTjTII. — 'Lei Me'be Yens Servant,' Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left the house in Lieson Grove. He was too deeply agitated n un auiotly back, to his hto'. pat a good sapper and drink a bottle of wine and -gu co ooa »ua rust: "" He' know that eiecp -woo impossible, nnless ho could bring it about by eheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked from the Abbey to Bideford and had elept the sleep of exhauston in the bottom of the little sailing boat. Hie only chance to-night was to walk down tbe devil of reatleBsnoEB that was In him ; so he turned his face north ward and walked to HampBtead, and then struck off towards Finahley and Hendon and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and at seven o'clock, breakfasted at a little publio-houee by the side of a canal, some where between Finohley road and Child's Hill. It was a houee chiefly affected by bargemen, and nobody took ooy particular notice of him, the barmaid- merely remarking chat in all probability 'he was a swell -who had been on the drink last night, and bad been walking about to sober himself. He 1 was sober enough thisuiornfng evidently, and was proof e gainst all the barmaid's blandish mente, though ehe bad taken tbe trouble to take her hair out of papers before ehe carried him his breakfast of eggs and bacon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate ot bread and batter supplied by Madge, and be was faint and siok from the unaccustomed fast. He fell asleep by tbe fire iu the public- house parlour, slept through tbe entranoss and exists of several relays of bargemen, elept amldet the odour of beer and the jingle of pewter pots, dozed on till the afternoon and then paid hie eoore and went away. He rmnfl nis way across tuti uamn to vac Edgware-road and thence to Lisson Grove, where he went Into a «lopseller's shop and bought a oomplete suit of euoh clothes as are worn by tbe lower order of working men — an Oxford ebirt, oorduroy " trousers, fustian jacket, and hob-nailed _ boots. He changed his olotbes on the premiees, and re appeared hi Lisson Grove in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this tran eformation. It's a lark, sir, I suppose ?' be said. Yes, it's a lark,' answered Mr. Bslfield, as he walked out of the shop, Well; I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky«looking ent to be up to suoh a move as that,' said the yonng Israelite, to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Baifioid'e " olotbes away. i ' There's a lady at tbe bottom of it, I make no donbt, Benjamin,' replied the other, die missing toe subject, whioh remark wbb more ! aocmrate than speculative observations are wont to be. It was do«k when Mr. Bslfield rang tbe bell at the Folorn Hope. Madge opened the doer and did not reoogniee him, as he stood facing her silently, with hie back to the light. What do you want, my good man ?' I want to be yonr servant, as I told you last night.' Mr. Bslfield, why are yon still hanging about here ?' cried Madge, inan agonised tone. This is sheer madness,1 I believe it ie next door to madness,' answered Valentine, following her into the parlour, but it is madness that only you oan ours. There's no oae in my going abroad, Madge, without you. I should only carry my guilty oonsaienae and my misery: with- me, go where I miaht — Africa, Asia, the North Pole— it would be all the same to me. There ia no plane so strange, no life eo wild and - full of danger, excitement, oocupa. tion, that would make me forget, so long as I were alone. You have the " power to com fort me. Yon have the power to lay the ghost that haonts me. You alone can tell- me that I have repented and have expiated my ein. Yon have the faith that moves mountain, and ,by; yonr faith I may be saved. " 'Leave me to myself and I shall "pc-:Uh Inevitably. ' There ia no help, no -eui's, bur through you.'. You are mad,' si— said. - Yea, it.is all msducss. I beve a good work to do here, and Ic»-aaot le-ivc i'..' ' / I - ' 1 Let mo stay here hen,: and work for yon. That Is what 1 i-.-avoeome for— to be ypor dxudgo, your slave ; to be what Caliban whs ic Frospero. X am dressed for the part, yon see. Yon will fled how handy : I oan maxe cleaolug windows and: sernbbing fizgstonea, doisg work; that .you- -and tbe Motors cisaoi do, with, all your willingness ; £?5il- And in had eases, when a patient > juR watebing &: sight, I "oan do my part : ze & walcb-dcg Yon don't know wbat I onn' be under' your ' transforming puwtr. Madge, I have no friend in the world but yon.' Yds have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend.' ' No. To my mother my life has been a lie. . She only is my friend who ' knows- my sin and my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, arid when l leave the country go «i«h me as my guardian angel and my wife Test the trnth of my repentance, if yoo will, before yon trnet me. See bow changed a creators I Lave become. How all that Ib vilest in my nature has been purged out of it by tbe horror of my. secret Bin. TeBt me to the uttermost as your servant, before you : accept me as yoor hasband,' . . Madge began to waver. . He who was pleading to her knew not how urgently her owe Veert wae pleading for him, how fondly ehe Iced him even in his degradation, etained with the shedding of blood. 1 believe if" would . be ! for your own safety to leave Ecglsn-.t instantly, ' Bhe said.' There is no knowing when danger may arise, bnt if you ere bent upon staying in thiB hoase ana helping us in oar work, I will talk to the sisters and see wbat oan be done. 0;r fortnightly committee meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, and most of the sisters will be here. If tbey consent to your being employed here — as a servant — I have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at toe end of toe paesage, wbiob yoo might have as a bedroom. It is small and rather dark, but . it la. dry and well ventilated.' Give me any den, any cell,' said Valen tine. 'Do yon think I oare how "I. am lodged.. I want to be near- you; Madge. I want to feel the support of your presence. That ie all I ask.' You must not, call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret.' 'Yon shall be Bister Margaret; until you are wife Margaret. And now order, me about let me begin my slavery. Give me any work there is to be done.' I don't think there is anything you oan do to-night, but you shall' clean all the windows to- morrow, if you like. Our windows have always been an affliction' to me. We have done our best, but women are not good as window-cleaners. To-night yon can take a holiday, but on future evenings we oan give yon some pen manship to do for us — letters to charitable people who help us. . What must wo call you, by-the-bye? You have a eeoond Christian name, I think.'- ' Yea. I waa christened John .Valentine, bnt I waa always called by the seoond name, because my mother preferred it.' . , . Then here we will call you John.' She began to prepare the tea, s.3 she had done on' toe previous oveniug. and two" ot the sisters came in to fetch the trayB for their patients. One was an elderly woman, the other a girl of two-ahd-twenty, a' pals," gentle- looking creators, with a wistful . expression in her large, blue eyes. . aisufis lucroci qoccl \ (sicuviuo, iu, uucfu l»8 Mr. John, a person who in the outride world had beoh a gentleman," but who. had offered himself to them ns a servant. , ' . . If all the eisters approve, I ttiiak we may keep him here and find him very useful,' Bhe said. In the meantime he will stay here for to-night, aud he "can- help you both in carrying round the ooal-scuttles after tea.' ' Sister Agues, the fair girl, eai down to tea with Madge and Valentine.. She bad a slightly nervous mauner, aod spoke rarely, but . Valentine was interested in her ap pearanoe, and inquired her history by-and- bye, when eho had gone hack to her dutieB on the nnner floor. Her'e is a sad story. - She belongs to very rich people, and three years ago her ' life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and her family were ell opposed to tbe match, and made her break off her -engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed in the Soudan. She heard ot his death unexpectedly from her partner at a dance, and for six months after- she was out of ber mind. When Bhe reoovered, nothing wauia induce her .to reeume ner old life o£ fiao-otoihca- and parties, nothing would induce ber to hear of another lover. She devotes her life to oharitable work, and all the money ber father gives ber is given to the poor. He is very liberal to her, although he dieapproveB of her way of life. She epeude only one d&y; of every week in this house, but she works for us ont of doors, goiag about the streets at night, and talking to wretched women whom tew girls of ber age would have the courage to approach. Tba fragile-looking woman has pecotrated the darkeBt alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous Btreets in Rataliff Highway, where even the polios go at tho risk ot their lives. She has never suffered any harm, has hardly ever been in-' suited by a ooarse word. She has done more good th»n any other member of our sister hood, aitboagh all have worked well,' i She oan take yonr plaae when yea have gone to she other eide of the world, Madge.' Madge shook her head with a sweet,' serious look, full of touderneBe, I shall never leave my work, Mr. Bslfield, I have gi-eii myeelf to it as much as il I had taken a vow. Iam very sorry tor you. I would do much to befriend you or to be of use to you, but I have put my baud to the plough, and I shall never take it aw»y.' Valentine got up and began to pa'oe the room, fuming. It is madneBs,' he exolaimed ; ' a woman's craze. Oaly a woman woold ever think of eaoh a thing. Are there not hospitals for siok women ?' 4 There are hospitals for disease, but there are no hospitals lor toe weak and ailing ; there ore very few refages for fainting sinners. There are plenty of orphanages for the spotless ofaildreu, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood. (Jhriot loved toe iunooent children, and oalled them to his knees ; but he had Inexhaustible pity for toe fallen women.' So be it, . You have set the ball rolling. ' You have begun the work. Others can aarry it on.' 'I will not leave it toothers.' You can continue your good work in the Antipodes. Yon -will find Bin in the new world as well ae in the old. There ie no colony eo recently founded that Satan has not helped to people it. Come, Madge, be reasonable. ' Three years ago you spurned mo bsoau&e; I dared to approach ycu as' a eeduoer. Yoo did well, and I deserved yonr contempt. Now I oometo yon In all honour ; I offer yon all l have to give — my name) my. life, my fortune, eneh ae it ie. I am to inherit all my mother's property, and I shall not bo a poor man. I come to you with a blemished life, etained with one hour of darkeet ein. Rut I am not altogether vile. I have repented that fatal boor in the long agony of months. I shall repent it all my life. Ooly you oan make that life tolerable ; only you oan heal my woonds. Be my wife, Madge ; take ma with all my sins.' She held ont her hand to him aeheetopped in bis-pacing to and fro, and tbey remained for Bome momenta silent, with clasped hands, he looking down at her, his ey'eB kindliog as he looked ; she very pals and her lipa alightly tremulous. You love me, Madge,' he said breath lessly ; yon can forget all lor my sake.' 4 1 am very sorry for yoo,' she answered softly, 4 bat I have done with individual love. I have given my heart aod life to my sorrowing sisters.'' ' It is a etazs, Madge ; I eay again it is a craze.' ' Yon have not seen the good done - yoo have not seen the altered faces. There are women now iu happy honest homes whom we have picked up oat of the gutter. If you were to see one young wife I know of, with her hasband and her baby, yon would not believe there had ever been a staio on .her life. .'He.', took her, knowing what her. past had been, and he has - oherished her . as a pearl bt pziee. These. are, rare oases ;. but they are bright spots -whioh oheer as and help as on word throngh many a dark night.' Well, yon are resolute, I suppose. Yon will go on helping strangers, and you will abandon me to my fate.' „ / ; . : ' I do not: abandon - you, : T -will do any' thing in my 'power to help yon; short: of sacrificing duty for yoor eake.. : I think yon an very nowise to loiter hen when yon ought to be getting far away from - England, »UH.ug.,yMUr lutucuy ..iu a suanga woild. Yoi.r wilc's'.reiaiions will riot'be satisfied tor ever without certain kbowiedge of her , : ate.- An investigation tnay be set on. fool . at any -aoment, aud the tiro to' may . be brought ' to light. You ahaalJ be out of the way before that, oan .happen. ' , ' I toll you I; do not value my life nnless you' will share it. I would rather stay here 1 and clean wiudqws, than riot in luxury at 0e Antipodes.' .. .. Madge answered nothing. She left the bopeiestneea of toe situation. Ha had anoseu to aome there, and she. had not denied bim shelter, bhe had taken upon herself in some wise 'the responsibility of hie existence, since she had spjfeen of. him to the Sisttre; >Dd now she felt that bis presenoe there would L>e a constant source of anxiety and mental disturbance. She would have, to, be per petually on her gnaru, for ever, denying a love which wae the strongest passion of her life. It nad b6en in her despair at resigning dim that she bad gone upou her mission' fo her mother. All . that ehe had . done for others had been the on- shoot of ber despair ing love for him. -and now he offered bim- self to her in honour, and sue refused him. ; If I give way to bis fancy, he will forget all the past, aud his repentance will become a mockery,' she eaid to herself. 'I cannot st3od in tbe place of his dead wife. I oaonot profit fay his. arime. How could I ever be at peace, remembering that it wae murder that set him free to be my husband 7' ' (TO BE CONTINUED ) 