BARNUM. IS COMING, Who in this enlightened age doubts the reality of electro-biology, clairvoyance, levitation, and all kindred phenomena? Have not Sinnett and a host of others pushed their researches into the regions of the UnKnown ? And have they not returned from the Occult World with intelligence calculated to strike the agnostic dumb. Yes, and henceforth the proud sceptic must also stop Ms mouth. ^ Be it known, therefore, that our Northern Territory clairvoyant medium having on the 19th inst. taken an extra doBe of the double-distilled magnetized elixir of steam, awoke the next morning, as he intended, in Kentucky, where, near the confluence of the Tennessee with the Ohio he interviewed the famous Barnum, who, it seems, is assiduously engaged in collecting curios for a bazaar. " I intend," said the great showman, " to lick creation this time. Look here, stranger, my boa has just put himself outside of three buffalos and a full-grown elephant, and he is still as hollow as a bamboo and three times yallerer. Jerusalem artichokes and little fishes! why my white mice are as big as rabbits, my cats are as big as donkies, and my gorilla stands 27 ft. 6 in. in his etockingB." "But what is your destination, Mr. Barnum?" "Stranger," replied the big man, "Iexpect to open in Adelaide within a fortnight from this time, and if I don't astonish the stupid boobies of that village, may my African Hippopotamus swallow me at a gulp." " Nonsense !" our correspondent ventured to remaik. "Why, sir, with your large collection you could not reach the city of Adelaide in less time than three months." At this Mr. Barnum broke out into such a stentorian guffaw that our correspondent says several of the neighbours came running in the expectation that some of the wild beasts had broken loose. After a while however, he cooled down, and said that within twenty-four hours he would be on board of his gigantic balloon of 23,000 tons buoyancy, and that by means of 'his automatic propeller he would bs able to reach the Australian coast slick in "a week. He then gave our correspondent a list of novelties he had recently collected for the special delectation and behcof of the greenhorns of this sunny land. The list includes the following among several hundred additional curios:— 1\. A mummified crocodile 57 stadia in length, exhumed from beneath the vaalta of the pyramid of Cheops. 2\. The eye-tooth of a mammoth oyster of the older phocene period of the tertiary tpoc. 3\. A portrait in water-colours of the elderly lady who went to bed a laundresB and got up fine linen. 4\. Captain Cuttle's watch, purchased of Mrs. Macstinger for 500 dollars. 5\. Portrait in oils of Msjor Muggins, convicted of bigamy for marrying his deceased widow's sister-in-law, during the lifetime of his first spouse. 6\. bull-length photograph of the politician who never brcke a pledge t^iven to his constituents on the hustings. 7\. Specimen of the hole that was surrounded by the ring presented by Oliver Cromwell to Cleopatra on her marriage with Charlemagne during the first Punic war. 8\. The monolith upon which Bill Stumps immortalized his name. 0\. The fiiBt egg laid by the Flying Pegasus in the State of Minnesota. 10\. The head of Alexander the Great when a child. 11\. A snuffbox made of a chip cut from the North Pole. 12\. Portrait of the policeman who was found on his beat when wanted. 13\. An original photograph of John Halifax, gentleman, found in the tertiary of Yorkshire, and supposed to be several million years old. 14 The printed book seen in the hands of St. Barnabas centuries before printing waa invented. 15\. ihe orifice in which the toad iu a hcle was found. 16\. The toad itself. 17\. The maintop bowline of the Elvinp s Dutchman. last tack o{ io ^e phantom ship. 19\. The ghost of a grim scrag of mutton. JO. L.ast years Christmas bill paid and receipted. 21\. Model of the growl of snarley vou. 22\. Boot frorr the fbot of fate half "soled. 23\. Sheath of the sword of D ocl-a. 24\. The score made by a shooting star. 25\. The torpedo boat in which Napoleon crossed the Alps. 