Most Points. If there is one idea which more than another has taken hold of this generation, it is that Parliamentary palaver is being overdone. Government by talk has been tried and found wanting. The popular instinct clearly divines that, if Parliamentary loquacity goes on increa sing at the rate whioh recent years give evidence of, Government by talk will soon amount to the negation of all Government whatever. We are not in the least astonished that the phrase " Shut up!" has found its way into Parliament. It may be very rude, but it is the voice of th 9 people expressing its inmost sentiments through its representatives. Even when it takes the shape of •' Dry up" it is but the popular in stinct striving to express, its way o£regarding the " dreary drip." It iB delightful to learn that the first boom of the knell of Legislative talkee-talkee is already heard, and that in the British House of Commons. A bill has been introduced to limit tho duration of speeches. We are entirely unconcerned to state what the varying limits are. It is quite enough to know that the idea has actually taken shape, and in carnated itself in a bill, that no legislator has an indefeasible right to speak to all eternity. The House in Committee may make the time longer or shorter, or may vary it according to circumstances, but at any rate the idea has gone forth that bounds shall be sec to speechification. Now, although tho bill, if it passes, will confer a distinct boon, we shall, nevertheless, be ungrateful enough to accept it only as an earnest of better things to come. Even while a limit is set to discourse, it is still assumed that every representative has a right to speak. Why should this be ? We are ac customed to consider it as a natural right, whereas it is a purely artificial and -most mis chievous one. If any one has an argument for or against a proposed measure, why cannot he submit it—extra-murally or otherwise—to his leader, and let him manipulate itP Even the limitation of speech to a quarter of an hour would, if acted up to, make legislation intolerably tedious or even impracticable. De pend upon it when the people discover the im mense gain secured by fixing a term to indi vidual palaver, they won't be disposed to stop there. The next natural and inevitable step after the limitation of speeohes will be the limi tation of speakers. When that reformation is achieved, representative government will begin to show what it is capable of. Until then, don't talk of its' being on its trial. Don't oven call it representative. Does any body really maintain that the speeches in Parliament represent the people P People who wish to keep up their illusions— • whioh, indeed) are the source of more than half the pleasures df life—should not read history; - or, if they do so, they should stick to the pleasant popular narratives in whioh the pioturesqiie and the heroic are held of bo muoh more aooount than the strictly accurate. It is a real bereavement to be deprived of your William Tell. The whole cause of morality seems" to suffer when Richard the Third is made out to be so muoh less of a " shooking example " than our childhood believed him to be. What a terrible thing, again, it is to find out that some of our favourite historical sayings were never uttered, at least until long after the event. To be told that " The Guards die, but do not surrender," is a purely imaginary speech, has quite a morally disintegrating effect. A cold shudder goes to the roots of one's nature on being' first made aware that the Duke never said "Up, guards, and at them" at all. A large portion of the British publio will be greatly shocked to find that another of their oherished beliefs, whioh they have held on to for reasons that go far beyond the merely picturesque and romantio, is con structed of very moonshiny material. It is the custom of those who look forward to a time of great stress and trouble for England to oomfort themselves with the notion that just at the turning point our^Amerioan cousins wil , be suddenly moved as one man to ory out, "Blood is thicker than water!" and will straightway throw themselves between England and the enemy. This belief is founded on the story that in the Peiho River business, when the British were being hard pressed, the officers and crew of an American man-of- war whioh happened to be near, fired with a sense of kindred, cried out as above, threw themselves into the fight, and turned the fate of the day. What a shame it is not to let this beautiful story alone—it has been suoh a oomfort to many a foreboding heart! Bat a writer in the Atlantis Monthly, an American too, who knows all about the business, bursts it like a bubble. It appears that tbe American flag-officer had merely gone in his barge to the British flag-ship, to call on the Admiral, while the firing was going on. During this oall the men from his barge climbed on deck, and like sailors, who will do anything for a lark, turned to and lent a hand at working the guns. To be sure, the flag-officer, when he saw what his men were about, did make the oelebrated remark; but, when one knows the real circumstances, the virtue has gone out of it. So goes another pleasant illusion. One may take for granted that there will be no more poems written on the fraternal intervention of America at the Peiho; and if any still hope that, ia England's crisis, blood will prove thicker than water, they must look out for some other historical groundwork for their expecta tion. It is not very long since some fifty or sixty members of the Victorian Parliament went 'across to Adelaide to visit the exhibition that is being held in that city in their—shall we say, "official" capacity. They went, they saw, but they did not conquer; on the contrary when they returned to their own country they were dejected and disgusted, and it would not be exaggeration to say they were angered also. It was not the exhibition itself that they had to complain about—that was well enough in its way—but they were exceedingly disappointed in the people, who, when they wore not en* gaged in attending to their own affairs, were giving themselves up to the enjoyment of the big show, and did not devote themselves to the members of the Victorian Parliament. This was not complimentary to men who expected to be made much of, and some of them oould not conceal their chagrin at having been neglected for the other exhibits. The inoident, we are glad to observe, has been taken ad vantage of by Sir Henry Parkes, who no doubt hopes to score a point against the rival colony. What if a number of New South Wales politicians happen to go to Adelaide and* be made much of P Will not that be gall and worm wood to the Victorians P And the latter are inno cently assisting to bring about their own discom fiture. Ithas probably never occurred to thomem bersof the Victorian Ministry that Sydney poli ticians could be made much of anywhere, and others may think the same. Bnt Sir Henry is an old and skilful tactician and knows his way about. He knows the attractiveness of a pretty face as well as most men, and with his country's legislators he sends their wives and their daughters, and the Victorians are franking them over their lines to the scone of their con quest. Sir Henry would not trust his members there by themselves ; they would not be looked at probably, or, if they wero, who would know they were men of importance P But some of them have daughters, aye, and pretty daughters, too, girls who can smile tbe senses away from most men of ordinary capacity. They will meet with attention enough from those Adelaide men, who are as susceptible as their neighbours, and for their sweet sakes their parents will not he permitted to feel that they are neglected. Then, when the train starts homeward, there will be waving of handker chiefs and other tokens of friendship, and the New South Wales M.P. will feel that he is somebody even at Adelaide; but the Victorian member's hears will be more sore than ever! la our day the "balanoe of power" in Europe is a muoh more diffioult thing to keep up than it was in the days of our fathers, when plenipotentiaries would sit round a table with a map of the Continent before them and make mutual geographical arrangements whioh were good at least for a certain number of years. The scales are far more delicately hung now than they were then. If France has a soldier more than Germany the equilibrium is done for, until Germany raises an additional man to restore it. If one nation gets hold of a new explosive, all is instability everywhere else, until the discovery of some equivalent devilry elsewhere makes the balanoe even. Anew idea in rifles alters the Centre of gravity at once. You can never tell how the " Balanoe of Power" lies nowadays until you look at your newspaper and find out what is the lateßt invention. But now that Franco and Germany have worked themselves about even la numbers of effective soldiery., in explosives) and in the latest rifle contrivances) one might naturally look for a little pause in this constant shifting of the Weights. The balance just now appears about as equal as it can be. But, alas, it seems now going to be dependent on quite a new set of considerations. The problem has shifted from tho province of mechanics to that of naturalhistory. Whowouldhavedreamedhalfa century ago that the "balanoe of power*' would become a question of bird- training P As soon as Germany discovered that France possessed a new military arm (wing—rather) in the shape of carrier-pigeons, she felt that her pre-eminence was gone unless she pos sessed a trained staff of oarrier-pigeons too. She got that, and tho rivals were equal once more. The " balanoe of power" was restored; But equality-is not enough for the Teuton. The insatiable desire to go always "one higher" threatens again to destroy the equi librium. The Germans are now training hawks, whioh they mean to let loose in time of war on the-enemy's oarrier- pigeons, and so up goes the scale again. Nor need it be expected that the weary process will end here. "Exoelsior," in the sense of "one higher," is just as muoh the motto of France as of Ger many. Doubtless they will adopt the tactics of Mister Zion Jersey Boggs, and outmatch the hawks with eagles. If they want to adopt his words, too, they will just suit the case:— "Them glorious birds of liberty, Theuksvmbols of our country's fame, Wild, aarsy, furious, snd free, Ungovernably rowdy game; They shall revenge them gentle doves, Our harmless messengers, by Gogs I . In which the horks Eev stuck their forks," Cried Mister Zion Jersey Boggs. Not so very long ago a number of Chinese (we take the story from American sources) "ran the long gauntlet of suffering from the Pacific Coast to the inland Territory of Wyoming," where they settled down to work in the coal mines. After a time their white co-miners wanted to get up a strike, and re quested the Chinamen to' join the movement. The latter declined. The white miners there upon loaded their rifles and shot them down. Some of the Chinese died on the spoU; the re mainder crawled to tho surrounding desert, where they died of their wounds. Even to us who look upon the " yellow agony" as a most un desirable social leaven, this sort of thing seems very shocking indeed. We aro sure that even the most infuriated anti- Chinese agitator in Queensland would stop a long way, a very long way, short of this method of getting rid of such obnoxious fellow-workmen. We are sure that such agitator, although he regards a Chinaman who has settled in this colony as "matterin the wrong place," believes at the same time that " John" is more than mere matter, and that he has a human soul like. himself. We aro sure that such agitator but no; on second thoughts we are not so sure pf it as we professed to be. The typical rabid agitator who, at the recent anti-Chinese demonstration in this town, cried out against the employment of a Christian missionary among the Chinese here goes surely even further in ~his hostility than tho Wyoming miners. His animosity seems to extond even to the Chinese soul. He would deprive them of everything that has "arelish of salvation" in it. He wonld have them Bhut out not only from " Chinamer's gardens," but from Para dise itself. Is he afraid that they will crowd out the Caucasian there? Is he afraid that they will jump his claim to the grace of God? Or is it that his.hostility to them is so muoh more intense than the Wyoming sort that his own ultimate felicity will not be complete unless he can behold them, through a tekscope, undergoing the prophesied fate of Tarn o' Shanter ? If such is his state of mind, and if it is in any way characteristic of a class, we hasten to assure him nnd them that they need in no way distress themselves about such a contingency as their being crowded out of heaven by Chinese. Neither need they fret thenwelvos with the notion that whatever Divine grace the mission iry may instil into the Chinese is sd much sub tracted from their share Of it. In both these oases, their alarm, if it exists, is {Perfectly groundless. The future prospects of such will be in no way affected by the ultimate beatifloa tion of converted Chinamen. - Being buried alive is a 801*1 of tiling that very feW people are supj-kwed to enjoy whatever maybe the oironmstanoes under whioh they have experienced the sensation; it is said to be a most uncomfortable feeling when the victim is alone, and little less so when he has companions in his misery. But it k pos sible to be- plaoed in a more trying position than that even, and this is said to have happened to a woman in Adelaide, who had gone into the family vault to inspect it, and by some unexplained means was olosed in. Now, we take it that being reoeived into the bosom of one's family in this way is not quite the sort of thing that most people care about, even though it may have all the charm of novelty. The patriarohs had a weakness for sleeping with their forefathers, but we cannot Ball to recollec tion an instance of any patriarch wishing to lie awake with them; that ia quite another sort of thing. We have often heard that some de ceased friend made " a beautiful corpse," but the most lovely corpse would cease to be attrac tive under these conditions, and it is quite con ceivable that the deepest affection fdr one's departed relatives would be turned into disgust and loathing. This poor woman at Adelaide did not feel at all at home with her friends whose experience of the situation extended over various periods, but all of whom were quite old chums compared _with herself. -It was not unnatural under the circumstances that she should scream; that is what most women would have done when they had got through the preliminary fainting. Most men might have done so too. But then oame another difficulty: the publio is still influenced by superstitious feeling, and stand in mortal terror of ghosts, and who would expect to hear any other voice than that of a ghost coming from a olosed vault P Eventually somebody was found who was brave enough to open thai vault, and tho poor woman was restored from the grave to her friends and relatives. This is no joking matter. The present year is the Queen's Jubilee, as most people are aware; it is also the. Jubilee of South Australia; and without having the advantage of experience we think we may make bold to say that few people would care to spend their double Jubilee in that way. But may it not have been a put-up thing P The woman perhaps had literary tastes and wanted to make a hit I The Vagabond got himself put in prison on purpose, and did well by it. Our friend of the Observer followed suit, and was nearly poisoned in the Brisbane Police Offloe cells. May not this brave woman have been in search of new experiences, for how else oould she have been shut in that vault? 