FRAGMENT OF FUN. \\\ oraan ia mortalljr afraid of a mouse, they aay, bat a moustache doesn't scare her a bit* : -. . Don't call a very lar#*, strong, sinewy man a prevaricator. If you are sure he is a prevari cator hire another man to break the news to ** Wilt thoa hare ms, Sarah?’’ said a yonng man to a modest girl, ** No, John,** s^tdthe girl, “ bat yoa may have me, if you Smith, with effusion : Hallo, Brown, is that voa? i heard that yon were drowned. Brown, with aadncs* : No; it was my brother. Srai*h, thoughtlessly : What a pity! Merchant: Well, porter, I want you to tell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter: The boyi promised me two dollars if 1 wouldn't say a word. ’* I with you would pay a littU attention to *hat 1 am saying sir,” roared a lawyer to an «*j:>**»perating witness he was examining Well, lam paying &■ little attention ai I cn.” was the calm reply. " Who ” eaid a member of the Canadian donee of Commons, to the members it ho wets trying to choke him off, '* who Drayed chars?" " It was an echo,!' retorted a member, amid a yell of delight “ In tha sentence—' John strikes Wil liam', " atked a school teacher in a mannfac taring town, " -hat is the object of ' strikes' f " Higher wages and shorter time.'’ promptly replied an intelligent pnpil. " 1 don't l;ke these ahnes," said a lady cus tomer, " because the eoles are too thick." '* Is that the only objection ?" blaodly asked the bootmaker. " Y*i," was the reply " Then, mad.m, if yon take the shoes, 1 can aaenre yon the objection -ill gradually wear " What it that big iron thing fall ef holes T‘ “ A locomotire boiler." »aid Tom l.aora looked thonghtfnl After a moment's silenoe, she naked : " Why do'they boil loco motive* f" Tom looked amitsed. "To make make tender," ne said slowly. Collector, to servant girl : Is Mr. Jonesin! Servant: No, he is out. C. : That’s a fib I ..whim enter here a tnioate ago. S. Q : l tell yon be'e cat C. : L say he's not not ; he’s in. S O. : Well, he's out of money, auo <h.t out ii enough for yoo, anyway. Audit Boston Hostess: Did you not think the allegro movement of that conoerio nj B-e thoveu most inspiring t Friend, from the West: Stunning I And wasn't Mr. Beethoveu himself perfectly elegant I Such lovely whiskers. I do wish he’d play again I " Mary, here's an advertisement i» the caper that I think I'd better answer." " What ia it for. John ?" " Why, it says, 1 a good setter dog (or tale, by Edward Smith.’" " Well, what do yon want of a setter oog. John ?" " Oh, I danno, only I thought it •night do to watch the house at night; and as it ia a tetter, we oould use him on the eggs during the day.* At the Con oert—Young Candid : Did yon ever hear anch horribly diaoord.nt, ear eplitting, iufernal-. Old Prondfnt: Sir-r-r 1 That*! my sldsst daughter, and-. Young Candid: I repeat, air, such inferua! clatter as the idiots behind as are rnakiug. Why, 1 can’t hear a word of tht song An Australian prelate, on his Brat journey around, waa dang into the deep mud by a res ive hone. Kiting ruefully, with his chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the bishop consoled himself with the reflection : " I have left a deep impression in t bat part of the diooeee, at any rate ’’ A very deal Boston man hae a oharming wife and a cross dog. One morning * friend met him and said: "Good morning, Mr. Blank. Year wife made a Tery pleasant call on ns last evening." " I'm very sorry,” was the startling answer of tht deal citizen, " I'll see that it doesn't ooenr again. I'm going to abatn her up after this." A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and tha waiter bawled to the cook : " One Iamb.” " Greet Seott, mister," cried the oountrymau. " I can’t aat a hull lamb ; gimme some fried oysters instead.” " One fried," bawled the waller. " Wall, Methu selah's ghost 1 Ulster, one fried oyster hain't gpla. V) bfl ehotajjfc Cfomao a doetn of ’em. Dura thee* city eatin’ plaeeip'l" Barber, to cuawmesih chair: You’re quite bald, sir. Caelpmfr :Yep. Barber::Young Ban, tea. ‘ Customer : Yap. Buber : Wear ypar bat too hhuefc.: j/Cdstamiar: Nop, Baib#r: Run in tat familyr Caitomw : Nop, Barber: Root* of tbeh*$rd«Bea»«d? Caitoraer: Nop, Bubw: Pew! Coatoraar : Nop, I •**&•*: Kf—vifaf OmtVonw : Nap, jgy'tly: Whet aurad tbel bmldna»a? 