IV. Sad, dejected, lowering brow and feverish eye, Martin, without uttering a word or shed ding a tear, followed his mother's funeral all tbe way to the cemetery of Saint-Ouen. Not until the sable-coated men, surrounding the coffin with ropes, roughly lowered it into the grave, bringing down a quantity of loose stones upon the lid, did he make a movement. He stepped forward, but paused, livid, his eyes fixed on the yawning hole, hia hands contracted, the nails of hia_ fingers entering his flesh-then, without saying a word, auto matically he allowed himself to be led away by his friends, who, startled at his calm de meanour, stayed by him nntU the hvur he entered the theatre. For he had to play that evening. Already, the previous night, no one being able to assume his part, the house had to put off the performance, and his stage friends had been so kind to him I Although far from rich, they bad sentlsuoh a lovely wreath for mothe. Martin's funeral 1 He could not really place them in a dilemma-so, play he must. Be did play, and playea admirably, dis covering effects which surprised everybody, and bringing down the bouse with roars of laughter; an artist this time he proved him self to be, in every sense of the term 1 The spectators made him quite an ovation, and some, to whom he was a stranger, said with enthusiasm: "How side-splitting he is, to be sure! Only look, he laughs so heartily that the tears are in his eyes." It was the truth. All the muscles of his faoe were puckered up: his mouth, wide open, was distorted : his laugh broke into hiccoughs, and, with nervous twitchings, small, ronnd tears flowed from his eyes, adding white streaks to the red paint on his cheeks; his whole head, in< fact, was so comical in his expression that the good public were convulsed with laughing. At last the performance oame to an end 1 Martin went up to his dressing-room, rapidly changed bis dress, and went out without even washing the paint off his face. His friends tried to retain him, and get him to go along with them; but, in spite of their endeavours, he would give them no answer, and seemed to have grown deaf and dumb he but half-opened his month, and, softly, with his usual good-natured smile, whis pered " Well, and m'ma, that waits for meJ" And all, deeply moved, made way for him,, evincing the greatest respeot for his un bounded grief. The snow fell thick in small round flakes. Martin turned up the collar of his overcoat, put his hands deep into his pockets, and mechanioally, as was his wont, took the road which led to the Hue des Martyrs. On reaching the house where he had so long lived, he stopped and looked np: bat there was no bright light upstairs to weloome him home! Choking and nervously trembling, a sudden fright came over him; he ran away with all his might straight before him, like one suddenly seized with a fit of madness. Unwittingly, he took the deserted road along whioh the funeral procession had wound in the morning. He passed tbe city gates and soon reaohed the walls of tbe cemetery, over whioh he scrambled with the nimbleness of a cat, leaping from the top of the wall in side. Quite beyond himself, he threaded the tombstones, jumping over the slabs in his way, without onoe tripping; his tall, thin body gave him a weird aspect, and he looked like a ghost issuing from one of the thousand tombs whioh surrounded him. Suddenly he stopped. There before him, In the newly turned clay uprose a little black cross, on whioh, in the light of the moon, the name of Martin was paintea in white letters. He faltered and fell on his knees; memory was now returning; he remembered 1 the re miniscence of all his life gradually filled bis mind. He oalled on his mother with a hoarse voice, wept aloud, beathisforehead and shrieked in his affliction -but, alone, afar off, the depth of the cemetery re-echoed his lamentations. It was one general outburst of pent np agony that sought to find egress from his breast; his heart was overfall to breaking, and his brain wandered; he dragged himself on his belly in the mire: rolled over the tombs, and, in his distress, bit the ground with his teeth, and filled his mouth with clay. But he stopped ; a smile hovered over his lipB ftom a long, long; way off, as if from the depth of the earth, ne thought he heard a voice, a dearly loved and sweetly oherished voice, the voice 8f mother Martin, which said, " Is that you, Chariot?' ''Yes, m'ma, here I am, m'ma!" He shouted, and therenpon fainted right off; his body sunk deep into the soft earth moulding itself in the clay, as if he sought to bury himself in it. In the morning the oustodians of the Ceme tery, as they went their usual round, dis covered by the side of a new tomb, which had not yet received its railing, a shapeless heap entirely buried in the snow, "Probably some poor dog who has come to die on his master's grave," said one of the keepers, as he drew near; but the fellow suddenly recoiled, exclaiming " It's a man !" He leaned down, placed his had in the region of the heart, and merely adeed, as he took off his cap *' He's dead 1" The body was quite deep in the earth, the keeper uplifted it, brushed the mud and Bnow from the dead man's faoe, and the head of poor Martin appeared. And, from his half-open mouth whereon death had plaoed the smile of hope, from his laughing mouth with its fat, oomio lips, still seemed to oome the words " Here I am, m'ma, dear m'ma!" 