CYCLING NOTES. Last week the Adelaide Amateur Cycling Club beld their monthly meeting, with Mr. Hayman in the chair. It was decided to hold a jubilee race meeting during the next few months, when the season comes round once more. As this is a year of jubilee, and most societies and clubs are commemorating in one way or other, it is to be hoped that the other dobs will all do their best to help to make this and all other meetings a grand success. On April 12 laBt an interesting contest between three cyclists and a Russian trotter owned by Herr Stefan Tupen, of Vienna, was held in the Austrian capital before a large number of spectators. The distance was 10,000 metres, which led 40 times round the course. The trotter, a handsome grey, led for the first lap only, when the wheelmen passed him, the result being a dead heat between M, M. Jules DuboiB and Paul Medinger, two French riders, with Mr. Duncan, of London, third, the Russian coming in fourth, and therefore last. The time for the French men was 19 minutes. The prize of 2,000 francs was divided by the winners. In the second race of 1,000 metres Mr. Duncan won in lmin. 12 Bees, against the._before-named French rider i The i&test; novelty in machines is a tandem unicycle. The wheel is 54 inches, of full roadster weight, but with tangent spokes, great strength and rigidity being necessary. Around the wheel extends elliptical frame, which is ad justable upon the axle much in the same manner of " tetter totter." One rider is seated on the front and the other on the rear end of the frame, and the difference in weight equalised as much as possible by the adjust ment of the frame on the axle. The riders sit facing in the same direction, each one pedal ing, the pedals being connected with the wheel by adjustable gearing chains. The machine is geared for a rapid pace, for it will be necessary to maintain great speed in order to keep the wheel erect. There is no steering attachment whatever to the wheel. The steering will be done by the riders swaying their bodies to and fro. A rather amusing story is told of a cyclist who was ambitious to win honors in connec tion with a grand lantern parade held in Mel bourne recently. It seems that in order to try the effect of the experiment of smearing his machine with phosphorus, he availed him self of the darkness and quietness of "a little ere the midnight hour" to ride down a neighboring street. - For a time all went well. The machine "glowed with a Btrange and fearful light," and the effect surpassed all the expectations of its delighted owner, who rode along in triumph. Presently a horse and trap came round the corner. The animal came on Bteadily for a few paces, then thinking something was wrong in the? uncanny object approaching it, sniffed and snorted, once, twice, thrice, plunged and bolted in the direc tion whence it came. At the same time two young ladies standing at a garden gate ought sight of the two wheels of living fire, and rushed inside, Bhrieking that they had seen a ghost. Their father, an old Cornishman, re marked, "Nonsense," and, picking up a stout Btick, rushed out through the garden gate, determined to settle the unwelcome visitant, ghost or no ghoBt. On reaching the footpath he prepared to cross the road and take up a position behind a tree opposite, but when half way to his intended stand glanced up the road and saw what curdled his blood and caused the few remaining hairs on his venerable head to stand on end "aa quills upon the fretful porcupine," for not a dozen yards away was the glowing apparition coming straight at him. Half a minute later and the wheel caught him squarely on the nose, while the cyclist turned a summersault into the gutter. The old man yelled, the girls rushed out in hysterics, and the enterprising devotee of the wheel, picked himself up, apologised, and juBt got round the next corner as a couple of gentlemen in blue arrived on the scene 11 