Political and Social STTMIKÏ, TOEBIXAT,. 7TH JCNB. I IK tile oonflicfc at Sooth Sydney, Jfr. WISE, the new Attorney.General, escaped only hy the slcin of his. teeth. Ho entered into the contest with absolute confidence, and waa oertain he would give the Protectionists such a drubbing that they would not dare to meet » Free-trader again at the poll until the champions of Free-trade had gone to that bourne from which np traveller, returns. Mr. WISE was under the pleasant delusion that the Govern- ment was venerated throughout the country, and that ho himself was regarded as being aa great a I political phenomenon as tho famous WILLIAM PITT. But he soon had his eyes opened on this subject. To see him when he presented himself on the platform of the new Masonic Hall to make his first speech to the electors, on the occasion of bia seeking a renewal of their confidence, was a kind of a revelation. Never has there been a politician in this colony who exhibited more conceit.. But conceit ia'not Mr. WISE'S worse failing; he is extremely vulgar and offensive in his platform utteranoes, and that is a faule the heinousness of which 'cannot be exoeeded. For offensiveness of speech tb ore is no man on the Opposition side of the House who can hold a «andie to the ATTORNEY GEXEIÍAL, and it waa therefore in accordanoe with the fitness of things that his principal lieutenant in the recent campaign was Mr. JOHN HAYNES. Mr.WiBEH first speech couTinced many of the voters who supported him at tho general election, that. they JVMI,!in tho ezoitement'of the time greatly overrated the. man, and so they either voted against him, or abstained from voting. Had tho buttle turned on his own merits, it ia certain he would not have polled 500 vote*. As it was, he won only by i0 votes. The two .morning papers haye explained that the reason why he did not I achieve a more marked victory, was because his friends in the electorate were over-oonfldent, and therofore did not exercise their franchise ; and thoy stated that tho number of pcoplo who voted on Saturday was fewer by many hundreds than the number who voted at the contest last February. The explanation and tho statement are alike erroneous. .Aa a,matter of fact, the interest in Saturday's proceedings was most intense, and when the figures are. caret ally analysed it is Boen that about as many people roted on Saturday as took part in the contest in February. What the election signifies is want, of oonfidenoo in Mr. WISE, and growing distrust in the Government and in their policy. By the legal profession generally, the appointment of Mr. Wis« to the Attorney-General- ship is regarded with'the strongest disfavour, and many of them '? have expressed the opinion that the effect must be to degrade the office in the estimation of the pnblic. . THE notion that Ute present Government will save the country is'now seen to be'utterly untrust- worthy. , Confidence intheir ability to do any good work, is now rapidly evaporating,. The Eei nini) Jfctrê (a pronounced Free-trade organ) ridicules them. : Some ' prominent Free-traders stated On the polling day for South Sydney that Mr. WISE should have been opposed by the Free-trade party, beoause of the treason practised by the Govern- ment. There aire now 430O people on tho relief works in and about Sydney ; the wages paid to these average about £1000 a' day. Sir HENEY PAIUÍES says, with unblushing effrontry, that the majority of these people came from Viotoria. But .Mr, HENRY HAYTKB, the Government Statist of that oolony, asserts that during thé first qunrter of the present year moro people arrived in the colony from N.S.W. than, ' departed therefrom to this colony. That, is a crusher for the PARKED, and REIDS, and. PI/LBFOBDS; and other romancers who have tried to gull the publio on this qnestion. The unemployed are undoubtedly a result of Frec 'ttade. ' ,Anöffib'r' rei8uit)was'given by a deputation from the Balmain Protection Union, that waited on the Premier yesterday.r They declared that in the electoral distriot of Balmain-there are about »00 empty houses. .That is a fact whioh is cal- culated to arrest the. attention of all really earnest mop. . The deputation asked the PREMIER to alter the tariff sp as to encourage native industries. He might have replied that that waa impossible with- out an appeal to the oonntry ; but instead of doing that, he made a long statement in favour of Free trade,, which was packed with , the most absurd errors and deductions. How Sir HENRY PARKES can believe in the nonsense which he talked to the deputation is most mysterious. At the general election the Balmain people sowed the wind, and now they are reaping the whirlwind. They would have PARKES and Free-trade, and the result is 900 empty dwelling houses, factories either closed or working only a quarter time, and hundreds of mechanics and their families plunged into misery. THE cloture resolutions ar* likely to bo laughed out of existence. They are the produot of a oommlttee1 whioh includes-the PBKMIKB, a barrister, a solicitor, and. other educated, persons, and yet t(iey are as clumsily oonstruoted as if they had been drawn ap by a aobool-boy. .- They were brought into operation early last week, and for the remaining portion of the week they aBordod immense amusement to the members. Some of .the. Government supporters expressedtheir regret that they had. taken any part in passing them, DUBÍKCÍ .the. Week tba SFEAKEK gay* additional. .proofs of bis incapacity forth», jx»ition ho oooupiea. 'Bïr.^Vpjtrkg.'ia "a wéU-mean(ng man ; ,jrat he ;does not possess' intelectual., r^netratipn, anti conse- quently he'is per^toaily blundering. -The majority of hts mistakes are,'by the kindness of the Press, concealed from, the publio, but they aro none the less 'minrion's ;.and if Mri Youtifi does not soon improve, ¿t will bi beoeasary for him, in order that respect foe'nW important'oÉee may be oonserved, to return to the floor of the House. IT . ia generally understood; that the late Speaker, Mr. EDMUND BARTON, has become a Protectionist, and that wheo .a favourable ' opportunity presents. itself, he will resign his seat in the Legislative Coiindl, and returù ba tho. tower House. He is the tory man who ia needed, to lead the Protectionist party, for he possesses the confidenoe ot the country, and has a strong, a clear, and a judicial intellect, and it ne shoald accept tho position of leader, the Freetraders'would soon afterwords fall, into a .moribund condition. Poon JACK.' TEKCE, barrister-at-law, passed away last sight, and is to be buried to-day. Three'years ago' he was bro^ight tö'the'point bf death by a peculiar - fora) !ef pnhnonary disease. He was delivered from danger by one of the oity doctors, who made a brilliant diagnosis' of the oomplaint, and «hen carried oat an equally brilliant, oonrse of treatment.' He got sb well that all bis friends pre- dicted long life for him. . He waa a constant attend- ant at. the Aaaooiation . Cricket Ground when athletio. aporta ware held there, and no person waa more welcomed by the habitues of that recreation reserve. He had a bright faoe and a cheery laugh, and everybody who kne.w him loved , him. " I came suddenly,into^oontaot with him.last Friday or Saturday morning, at tho. corner of King and Elizabeth, streets ; he was then in the act of utter- ing, a merrjr joke, and his joyous laugh on the ocoasion is in my ears'as I write. The age cannot spare thé men who have always happy faces. A? CANADIAN, named Mr. LOCKE BICHABDSOH, has been engaged for a fortnight past in giving a series of Shakespearian and other recitals to the people of Sydney and sobarba. Anyone who reads the press criticisms of Mr. BfcHABDSON'a entertainments, wonld oome to the ooncluaion that he recited in the most magnificent mainer. Generally speaking, I am not. taken io by Press criticisms ; but I was takeniia by those' ooao«rning Ur. BICHABBSOX. I went to hear the gentleman. The piece selected for the occasion was the Christmas Carol, At the end of ten minutes I wondered that the ghost of DICKKKS did not'appear, and whisk the reciter off to some «aper-terrestrial region, and keep him there, so that he might no longer be able to irritate humanity. ? I, however, waited 20 minutes longer to see if the bad impression I had received would be corrected ; but it was deepened instead, and sp, j with maledictions on the newspapers for their unconscionable puffing, I ' retired from the hall. CHARLES CLARKS is the only professional we have had in this oity who wa».able to recite DICKENS' writings in an effective manner. THE Jubilee meeting nttho Town Hall was a sur- prise to the MAYOR and some other people,- bat as yet there has been no protest against the action whioh was taken on the occasion. Let tho truth bo told : there is no enthusiasm here on the subject of the Jubilee ; the peoplo are not so enamoured of Royalty os Lord CARRINGTON hos given them credit for being. , 