Chestnuts. 1 It is rnoroly n case of relative humidity whore a friend sticks closer than a brother. It is wonderful how polito men aro in the summer. They even lift their hats to the breeze. Tho lecturer who was struck with a rntt.nn ncrtr said lio likerl fun. but that was -00 ? — ? ' ? .. ' a pretty hard yoke. 'You don't look well; you need a change of hair,' said tlio Indian as lie scalped tho tenderfoot on the plains. An exchange says that racing men do not care much for reading. Then why are they bookmakers ?, ' . Jack— Ah, Miss Ivato, it's the little' things that tell. Miss Ivato— Yes ; little Vpthors and sisters. Somo of tho milkmen hang pails of milk down the well to keep tho milk. cool. Some of them use too much rope. Judge — The prisoner is discharged. Prisoner — Well, begorra, I didn't know Gi was loaded ! Wifo— In tho game of lawn tennis, my dear, what is tlio most difficult tiling to acquire? Husband— The lawn. ' What is tho matter ?' asked a lawyer of his coachman. 'The horses are run ning away, sir.' ' Can't you pull them up?' 'I am afraid not,' 'Then,,' said the lawyer, after judicial delay, ' run into something cheap.' Ada : Why, one of your cheeks is red as lire and the other pale as' a ghost. Ella : Yes. Harry was on one side and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other. Midnight burglar (sternly), 1 Give mo your watch 1' Iiumoious Mr. Poggs : . 'Certainly, sir. There you are ; it's a Waterbury,' Burglar (recoiling) ' Groat lieavons, man ! do you take mo for an organ-grinder.' Tennyson has bean very disappointing for the last few years, but ho has just written a line which delights his friends and carries consternation into the hearts of his critics. The lino reads : I have laid down my pen for a while. Do not marry for riches, my son, but remember that the husband of an heiress is seldom obliged to get up at 5 o'clock in the morning and build the fire. . Ono of our .lawyers being asked a few days since what a contingent fee was, said : ' If I bring a suit for you and loso the case I got nothing ; If I win the suit you get nothing. Little Dick— 'I don't want to do that.' Mamma — 'But you must.' ' Why ?' ' Because I say so.' ' What's the reason I have to mind you 1 I ain't your husband.' News comes from- Georgia to the effect that a man in that State is ' living pleas antly ' with his eighth wife. This shows the value of trying again if at first you don't succeed, A living cleric recently made this startling announcement : ' My brethren we all know what it is to have a half warmed fish,' — i.e., half-formed wish — ' in our hearts.' The same individual lias been known to speak of 'Ivinquering congs.' He must be a relative of two other clorgymen, one of whom gave out his, text from the ' Colostle to the Epis saris,' while tho other read ' knee of an idol ' for ' eye of an needle.' JM.CGUINESS JUOOTS 'A' HE JLflW,. Mrs. Flaherty — Pliwat's. this, Mrs. McGuiness ? ' Ye'ro jist been married to a sicond husband, and it's coir.ing out in a new mourning driss ye are ! ' Mrs. McGuincss — Oi alwiz mint to wear; -'? mourning for' poor Mike, i but Oi hive^ .had the money till now.: . McGuinness is well^, fixed, praise the saints! 