Sunday Reading, The Sceptic's Question An swered by Himself. Br REV. MONBO Gmo», t) D. Preached at the Anniversary of Cheehunt College, Thursday, June 30. "Pilate saith unto Him, "What la truth!" unto them, Behold tho Man. johnxix.5 THE sceptics question, answered by him-' self, unintentionally, unoonsciOuilrv biifc laoflt admirably. No answer cadldbe better. ypQ tfrftnlf thee, Eilatey for tile word. It was meant for BCorm> it has turned to praise. As oat of tho mouth of babes and sucklings, so, out of the mouth of a witness as unconscious u they, Gfod has ordained strength.because of the enemy. It is Baid that in nature the sting ing nettle is closely attended by tho healing blade, so here the sceptic's question with its most appropriate answer. A. little further on. there is another unconscious answer. Pilate had asked in hia undecided way: 'i "What shall I do with this Jesus which is called Christ?" and out of mouth comes the right abswer t " Behold your King!" But one is enough at a time; wo shall confine ourselves to the Bceptio's question with its answer, and add Pontius Pilato to the stuif of Cheyhunt'College for the hour. It may bo worth while, for once, to get a sermon from the Procurator's chair. Jjirst and foremost, there is the truth abeut humanity. What* is man? What are we to fTiinV of human life; its meaning and value, its hopes and prospects, its duties and responsi bilities, its taturo and destiny? Come how, ye biologists, hero is a life to study 1 Come, ye anthropologists, *' Behold the Man." By all means study all kinds of men, the wild men of the woods, the most degraded specimens you can. find if you choose; but do not con sider your induction complete till you havu given, as much attention at least to the noblest and the best, and, above all, to the man whose life, by consent of all intelligent persons* is most of all worth looking into, xou know tie common reference to the play of " Samlet" with Hamlet left out. Surely you do not in tend to reach to a conclusion as to man's placo in nature, with the If an left out, His nanie never mentioned, His great Ufa heVer once re ferred to P We hive not a Word to Bay against the investigation of the lower forms of life, (he exploration of all that contributes to our knowledge of the meanest part or function of our complex nature; and if it is ascer tained as a fact, that our bodies ore closely conneoted with a succession of forms running down to the lowest organism, so let it be. Iiet us have all the facta, however moan .they may bo or seem, to be? btit then let us have them till, however mat thoy be > all the facta that point to what u grand aad elevating) as well aa those that point to what is mean and degrading. Why ehould attention be fixed so exclusively on the facts which belong to the lower phases oi life P Why should the scienco of life, claiming, a& it does, to include mind and heart and soul in it, be defined, as one of its greatest ex ponents defines it, as the science of living .matter, a conception which, however appro priate to the lower ranges of life, is utterly 'inadequate in tho higlier? Starting out with that conception, it is'of course necessary to restive all thought and feeling into modfiica ' tions of living matter, to make conscience and character, faith and hope, and love and righteousness, nothing better than so many varying movements oi living matter; and,, of course, when tho living matter ceases to be living it is dead matier, and in that dead matter is to be found all that remains of faith, and love, and hope, and life, in tho shape of ashes and water and gas. Now, so long as one keeps working mainly amongst molluscs or .even among troglodytes, it is not difticult to think t that all is only living matter; tho mental phenomena are so very low in type that they are easily managed without spoiling tho de finition. But when wo come to the higher ranges of life we reach a region where, if we deal honestly with the facts, wb cannot disposo of them in so easy a way. It is impossible to do it honestly in dealing only with ordinary men; the difficulty is greatly increased when we are confronted with great minds and noblo souls, whioh have adorned the history of man kind ; but whon wo louk at the greatest of all, it becomes nothing less than an insult to reason to suggest it. So long as we are look ing at creatures in which tho animal is clearly predominant, it is ea*y to think of them as mere animals, made up of living matter and nothing' else ; but a« soon as the spiritual become* manifestly predominant, as in tho better sort of men, it is only by the most un worthy sophistry that tho higher can be merged in tho lower; and when you turn your attention to One in whom the spiritual so shines out as it does in this Han, in whom tho spirit so manifestly lords it over the flesh transfigures the common clay of its environ ment-gives it a glory whioh is manifestly not its own-it is impossible to believo that wo are looking at a mero phaso of tho animal lifo flickering up for a moment autl falling back again to bo u cast as rubbish to the void." It becomes manifest that iu Hiiu thero is lifo clear out of tho rango of protoplasm and its variations, infinitely higher than any con ocivulilc xuoUou of living matter, isco how tho ife amines, out in contrast yfi\h the poverty and meanttess of its setting, a demonstration that spirit and not flesh is the ultimate truth of humanity. "Behtild the Man!" See Him in Hishumblo honieatNazdreth) teioiit^drd.djJ ftedfcahde dnly a carpenter. See. Him trudging the dusty roads and climbing the steep hill Bides of Palestine, to outward appearance only a poor pedestrian. See Him despised and rejected of all the' great of the land, to out ward appearance only a deluded fanatic. See Him before Pilate, His form scarred with scourging, His faco, pale with anguish, the thorn crown tirkm His brdw; niocknlg voices end aOowlifig races all aroiind, id flii abear ance a common criminal. And then think of that great soul of His, see it in its awful and majestic loneliness; compare the magnifi cence of this spirit with the sname of the flesh; the glory of the life with the abjectness of the living matter ; and then say, if you can if you daro-that the real truth of that manhood is to bo found in tho paltry matter of it) and net itt the magnificent, glorious Divine Spirit Which shiies out of ita poor tenement of clay. No, nomy biologist friendj I do not think so very meanly of you to suppose it possible that you can behold this man, and not realise that you are hasty in your conclusion that matter is the substance) and aplrife the that life id driljr flassiiig bt'eathj and dd&th.; the lord of all. Behold the tnatu fitld see that spirit lords it over matter and life triumphs over death. We are quite willing to reserve our judgement as to molluscs and apes, and we may not think it nocessary to enter into controversy in regard to those poor wretohes in human shape that seem to be scarcely human at all) which so many think it so important to investitfatei Perhaps the animal la jw jfte]tonderant In tkm that; it may swallow Up anything that seems to rise above it, and carbonic add gas [be the ctOtH and con summation Of heir life; But ifcneH i£e iidfta fttni tKdae fthith haVe tie very least' signia* dance to those which are the most significant, and especially -when we look at the One above all others, from whom there is most to be learned, we see-it is not a matter of faith; we see it-we see that the animal is merged in the spiritual, that mortality is swallowed up of life. And, accordingly when mfe read a little further on of Sis resurrection from the dead) we can not be surprised. Why should we be surprised ? It is tlio survival of t^e fittest. Is, He not} of all meii tHak ever lived upon the eartlij ths very fittest to survive, aud can we suppose tnat nothing in that noble soul survived after He bowed His head and gave up the ghost ? It 13 not possible^ The Apostle Peter was certainly right when he said it was cot possible that He should beholden of death. So far we have been thinking of the 41 Man" as the most significant tyrie df i&wibdod; tile wOrldhAs cVer tad in. it, and, therefore, best of all wCrt^ study if he "would find out the truth, of human nature and human life, with its meaning and purpose^ its responsibilities and prospects. . ,, 5, . . But aa fte odnliiiile UekoldingtHa " Man" e find very, Very much more in Him. lie grows upon us wonderfully, as He grew upon His first disciples who began by asking : tl Wbat Tparmw of T"n" is tVw ?" and endea by seeing in TTi'm " the glory of the Only Begotten of the Father, full of graoo and truth." We find that that noble life is not only a type ^ of humanity but a mirror of Divinity, reflecting all of the glory of God which it is possible and needful for us to see» Those who are of the earth) earthy* -who httve allowed the faculty bf spiritual discernment to die out or become obscure for want of use, will, oi course, fail to Bee it; but they who aro." of the truth," they who have that spiritual sympathy which is necessary to the recognition of beauty or glory anywhere, "will certainly see in tho Alan Christ Jesus the face of God. Elsewhere in Nature we can, as it were, touch the hem of His gar ment, but wo cannot know Him till we look upon His face; The face i6 nature's mode of revelation and recognition, and chief of all " the human face divine.1' Your face is not yourself, it is only the outward expression or incarnation of your spirit; but if I refuse to look into your faco and will not listen, to your voice, I must remain unacquainted with you. In the same way, tho Han Christ' Jeaus is the faco of God to us. By looking at Him we become acquainted with our Father in heaven; not otherwise. uNo man cometh unto the Father but by Me." Hence present day agnosticism. Tho agnostic is perfectly right in saying that God cannot be known by the pure intellect, but neither can we know one another in any such way. In our present con dition the only way of certainly^ knowing spirits is by looking into faces and listening to voices: why, then, should wo wonder thut in order to know God we should have a faco to look at and a voico to listen to? "Behold the man" is the Gospel for tho agnostic. Ah! my good and learned friend, you are right in everything except in turning your back on Christ. It is perfectly true that you cannot find your Father God m earth or sea, with telescope or microscope, by alembic or retsrt: it is perfectly true that you cannot reach Him by soaring up on wings of specula tion ; but you can find Him by humbly sitting at tho feet of Jesus and looking up into His face, and listening to His voice, giviug special heed to thoso most weighty words of HJS : " A am tho way and tho truth aud the life; no. man comoth unto tho Father but by Me. And theso words remind us that the truth in Him is living, saving truth It has a wondrous power on the beholder. As wo look and listen we aro bumbled in the dust, brought to our knees, constrained to cry out for pardon ana for purity. And as we watch Him, with the crown of thorns on His head wad the oross upon His shoulder, and follow Him through the shame and agony of that awful day wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities, crucified and slain for .u8~-<'ur hearts are won. Divorced from tun, tho nate fulncas of whwh is seen in tho awful sacnnco as nowhere olso; divorced from sin wo aro yielded unto God and have peace, and hope, and life. ';. . . . And as still wo .follow Him through tho jpttw of .lwiUi «p tlie i!,rol,e 011 now is nnated, wo find »s Atop a moanuig m tho second word of Fixate as in tliot first. "Behold your King." And now we know \ Lfor®Pi"t takes the wo etUl continue beholding in the Man Christ Jesus, as in a glasS; tie glotj of the Lord, we are changed into the same image,- from glory to glory by the Lord, the Spirit; and this there ;7de^ velopedinustrue life,-not thi mcre trtf/tatiMi or fluctuation of living matter for a few years; but life maeed, life which the trnth has made free; life which, rises above the mnrtnl ®fnf"fe'es "tself from the transient and mortal, and takes firm hold of the things that cannot bo shaken, and so gives promise df at last emerging from its tenement of clay, victorious Over death through the grace aid power of Hun from whom it Came, and who is e.~? of life and glory. Such is the ex pected crown and consummation of tfee Christian s evolution, which begins by behold .ing the Man, and has the promise of ending by ||or hko Hun, when we shall see Him m But does not evolution; rowehow or other, «un» our flank ? There is a vague idea in some minds, that the vew genesis of all things, wnich has found so much favour with a large proportion of thinking men of our day, is un settling the foundation* of the Gospel. These . dispelled if it were only re membeir'ea. that; interesting and important as is the Qtlesticfii ' Wheifce r'' mnch more im portant and decisive is the ^desticrtt "?What?" ?Theories of origin are interesting, bat facts of : we much safer guides to truth. ' How the truth which we believe is grounded on no douM* fnl or difficult question as to how things came to be what they are, but on plain palpable facta "toe great fact of sin, attested by the universal dMMcleMo } the great faota ot the life of (Jhnst; the great facts of the history which led 31- 01 that which has followed .His death ana i&stiftectitm; the great facte of experience, the eiferfeuce iff a tost multitude whom no man can number, out of 'very kindred and tongue and people and nation, who hayefound m Christ an ever-living, ever-present, Jbnead and Saviour. We have not a word of disparagement for those interesting discussions as to the origin of all things; but it is surelv manifest that tbey cannot pet cinde facts, nor can they (knupate with them in practical im portanctei There is fl disposition in oar day to attach far too much relative importance to the question ctf Origin; and in nothing is this more marked thrift Id the attorrfpt to' determine mini's > place in nature by^ ifi^iiirjes* a? to the origin of species. Just think how1 AM we are to be misled in such estimates. What is a statue, for example ? Could you get a satisfactory answer by visiting some marble quarry where labouring men are howing out the raw material ? TVcuM ,^e Vatican, or one sight of the Apollo Beltideftf, ^ite you a better idea of what a statue is than a lifetittfe spent in the Quarries °* Carrara ? What would ythi think of the art critic who should insist on estimating" < j/0 i 60016 great painting in the Academy bythe result of his inquiries into ita material origin-&& quantity and cost of can vas, paint, and frame ? In the uamo way, if you judge a man by hia viable origin/ get a poor, degraded, and utterly wrong idea ctf mmwhereas, if you judge him by the out come of the great artist's work, you are much more likely to reach tho truth. Let our friends dig away in the quarries; and we nhall take interest m their work, and read their books,, aud rejoice in any true result they reach: but ho result which they can reach by anv such digging^ need at all dlfrtirftsh the appreciation and delight with which we ooflteitiplate the Man Christ Jesus, and open our hearts to the linng power of the grace and truth which a million facts and experiences prove to be in Him. v Our position is quite secure, then, as far as science is concerned; but what of criticism? Here, too, we may possess our souls in patience, for here, agiiti, it hi not Christ and criticism which. ever are at strife; it is the Bible and criticism, or, rather, current notions about the S nS currentnoti°n8 about criticism; and the Bible, as we have seen* being a long line of witnesses, questions of date and authorship interesting though they be as historical ques tions and Biblical questions-leave the grand witness to spiritual truth and to the coining Christ undimraed and undiminished in its power, whatever be tho result. But, then, do not these critical questions affect the Gospels themselves? no doubt, but they do not really affect the Gospel. How did th? first preachers tbero were 110 written Gospels at allr We really do not need to discuss the Gospels before finding tho truth in them, any more than wo need' to aualvse a loaf of bread before getting the good of* it. It is simply a question of looking and listening, of seeing and hearing.- Aa the Lord Himself said to 1 llate: "Evervone that is of the truth heareth .My voice.1' The life shines out in their pages, and anyone who is of tho truth can see, by simply looking at it, that it is genuine, that it cannot bo an invention. You might as well »ay tho sun was^an invention, a clever invention of four electricians, or, rath or, to make the comparison just, of four men who knew , nothing about electricity. I could as soon beliove that as buppose that Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John invented that life and set it blazing iu the ^spiritual firmament these ISOO years. ^ There is tho life, and wo havo only to look at it. Here is a Hum set before us as no other man lia.s ever been, clearly, vividly, without adornment of language, with perfect candour and sincerity, with all the transparency; of truth, with tho gloiy of His spirit luminous before us. We have only to look that we may see. The message is not, " Behold tho Book," or "Behold the Books," but "Behold the Man." And here all Christians are at one. There is no division umonjj us in regard to the truth. The sneering question, " What is truth ? " has often boon asked with tho finger of scorn pointed to tho different- churches, as if each claimed to havo tho truth apart from all tho rest. But such an imputation is utterly unjust; at all events, it is unjust now. The different churches may claim to Iv.ir witness to souie sum!! fraction of truth which others do uot maintain, but in regard' io the truth-that whiih is central, vital, fundamental-all evangelical 6hxffchcs are at oiie. He time is happily past and goto# whfen- the unity of the faith was supposed to ta∽̱ a great system of the universe, in which the mind was expected to go back to the decrees of God in a paat eternity, and to sweep on majestically to the ianram mation of all things in an eternity to corney picking up easily on the road such fragment* of truth as lay in its path across the circle of the sciences, and if any luckless fact of science stood in the way, so much the worse for it. Identity of opinion through such a mighty range is no longer thought of. We have come, or are fast coming/ back to the simplicity which is in Christ, to recognise that the unity church is hastening, may ho otherwise de scribed as that of the knowledge of the Son of God, according to the great apostle who looked forward to the day when aU should attain to that unityi so reach the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ. There aro few things more hopeful than the growing disposition among Christians to make less of professional truth and more of who said* 1 .' I am the truth;" less of faith a« a thing in its&f; and more as a link which binds us ail to Him; less of the dogmatic, *'I know what 1 have believed/* and more of the apoatolio, "I know whom I hare believed ; " to take as our great message to the world, not " Behold tha church!" or " Behold the creed I" but " Be* i the Man!" of the faith towards 