Light and Health. BY W. GARRET HORDER ;tsj | Preached in Wood-green Congregational ' ' Church. {?#.{ "I am the Light of'the \rorW.,,-3ohii'viiL':12. u Wilt thou be mudo whole!"-John v. G.:; In \ TN tbor Howard Prize. Essay, for. 1885) oti *£< ?>'11 Tho 'Preservation' of -Health," ' by Dr. ' i! Clement Dukes, the following passage occurs: i.n \ ."Light/-is , not. only tho great preserver of j health, but a great preventer of disease; for { Tyndall found that sunlight arrested the growth i of organisms, so that," as rBr« Miufphj st&&, } sunlight serves .the doubloj purpose or. aiding i the growth of those organisms which are necca 1 uary for man, as well as of ' man! himself, "while j it'retards tho production of those which fltfe j antagonistic to his existence." Many illustra * tions axe given of this in tho essay. The t ^author,- drawing upon his own experience, says, j * that when house surgeon in a London hospital, | he found that in one of its warda, which was ; very dkrt, simple fractures took seven to 14 « days longer in uniting than they would have | done in .a well-lighted ward, whilst they'wero 1 Eifraid,to, put .compound fractures in it at all; i and when, from want of space, they were com i polled to do so, they chose a bed where the i fight was greatest. STi^s Florence Nightingale, < asthe' result of her wide observation, remarks: [ " One of the greatest observers of human 1 things says: ' Where there is sun there is | thought.* All physiology goes to confirm this. ! "Where, is the shady side of deep ralleys, there ie j cretinism. Where arc cellars and the unsunned ? sides, of narrow streets, there is the degeneracy : and weakness of tho human race; mind and i body equally degenerating. Put the pale, ?! withering plant and human being into the sun, andj if not too far gone, each will recover i :s heart and spirit." I am told that in Franco ?i; there are hospitals where they trust almost en v; tirely to light for the cure of disease. Surely fr there is here an earthly analogue to a spiritual ; - fact, namelv, that only by the beams of the : Sun of Righteousness can the evil growths in ? humanity be stayed and the good ones be foa teied... Let'us consider this twofold influence of light. , Illustrations of its repressive influence | Vmeet us in every realm. Where light does not . : reach, mildew, fungus, disease germs flourish. : In the darkness moth and rust do their destruo .**31 tive work. Where the ? sun's raj^s are inter A \ cepted by trees or buildings, parasites flourish. vJThese are ohildren of darkness which hate tho V:»; light.. ?When tlio siin's rays aro feeble, as,in i the winter, dust and dirt accumulate, but as ; the spring comes on, and the light grows, these m, [ are revealed and. cleansed away... And so is it : in a' fc. light does not reach to cheek its growth. In '" the'.darlmess, aia is /not seen as sin, its tnie nature and destructive influence are unnoticed, it is even counted as right, as something use "5 has justified; and so the canker spreads, the J seeds of "death multiply, the dust that nourishes all lies undisturbed in the moral gloom. Deeds V" are;done without shame which those in the ught dare eoarcely speak of, much less do. In f : our great cities sin flourishes chiefly in tho v night. The moon and stars, with their feebler light, are tho witnesses of greater iniquity than ,/ the Bun with his more penetrating beams. And ? where the Sun of Righteousness does not reach, men perpetrate without fear things of which it £. is a shame even to speak. Look at heathen ft lands as they are revealed in the records, not s only of missionaries, but of travellers and scientists, and you will realise that where the rays of tho spiritual sun have not reached, or reached but feebly, all abnormal and noxious iwths flourish. 3Ir." Prescott's il History of arico"- shows us how in tho fair name of gion holocausts of" human victims were f ottered to tlie gods. In our ovni country, Stonehenge and Avebury «ro the memorials of like bloody deeds done in honour of the gods of our forefathers. In China there still prevail* superstition, cruelty, tho utmost hardness of heart. In Burmali, .men >nthoutvtriaX^\vere,. but*quito' recently,' huiried by "liundrwis 'to' i death at tho word of a fickle monarch. In many a heathen land it is impossible to tiring » up whit© children, not only bccauso tho climate is prejudicial to their health, but also because \ . of the prevaiUng and scarcely..concealed ira-. .... purity of the natives. It may bo said ".such 3 i things'o'nly occur, among savago peoples-that v what they need is civilisation." That cannot truly be said of' India, since she has had for ages.tho benefits of civilisation; she was, in fact, surrounded by these when our forefathers in this land were only painted savages. Nor win it be said of Greece and Rome, where cul ture reached tho highest point of perfection. Dr. Dollingcr, in his masterly book, / ".Tho Gentile and Jew in tho Courts of tho Temple of Christ," says, and every: statement is' 'ratified by authorities:. "The ordinary. tragedies were ' there cut and dried, catastrophes proved in sipid, and at last they demanded living realities. Tho actor who played tho robber chief, Laureolus, was actually, nailed on tho cross be fore the spectators' eyes and then torn in pieces by a bear. -Actors came on the stage in purple mantles, and gilded vestments and crowns, and perished by tho sword, while tho fire consumed their fine clothes. Tho morning's amusement exposing men to lions and bears, and there was no respite till tho arena was empty of com batants by death. Life at last became a mere drug in tho market." It may be said, are not deeds of darkness done in Christian lands, with all their boasted light? Is not their social life tainted by prac tices too loathsome for recital. Frankly and sorrowfully we admit .that we have much cause for shame and humiliation, But there is this difference—with us such things flourish in the darkness, and are carefully concealed. But in Greece and Rome they stalked abroad in tho full light of day. Men were not ashamed of them. They were even done in the fair name of religion. In the museum at Naples may be seen a tripod from a Pompeian temple too loathsome to be described. - In Pompeii itself, on tho very front of one of its ruins, may be seen a sign that would not be permitted to re main now for a single hour in any European city. There are those in our day, especially in. France, who desire to restore the pagan ideal of life, and who deem it preferable to the Christian. They talk of a pagan renaissance. They assert that the light of culture is bright enough to dispel the evils of the world Surely they have not learnt the lessons, which lie on the surface of classic history. Such a light is not clear or revealing enough to set evil in its true nature before us, The natural world would be full of abnormal growths were it not illuminated by the sun, and the growths of evil in the world can only be first revealed, and then: repressed, by tho beams of the Sun of Righteousness. Surely our own experience has taught us thins. How has moral evil in.our own natures been checked or overcome? "By knowledge, by culture? No ; by moral and spiritual influences. Indeed, culture often only gives the evil a more refined form, or clothes it in fairer attire! It cannot break its spell over the heart, or cast out its influence from the nature.. A higher ppwer has always been needed tb do this, and that atone has actually dono this in our midst. A recent writer has well described a Christian civilisation as one u that for all its miserable stains, for all its dark and bitter shames, has yet this mark of Christ upon it j that, amid all its "disasters, it can never lose its hope^-a hope that' vitalises \ a hope that lias in' it always tile power of recovery; a bope that can lay its very mouth in the dust of its repentance, and yet retain its hope. A civilisation once Christianised can face the utmost reality of the grimmest and direst; facts, can face the lies, that hold their own, and win; tho oppressions that stand rooted in age-long wrongs; the prison-doors that the centuries have laboured to bolt and bar; the graves of all who have died in vain, dono to their death under the heels of the ungodly ; it can face all .this,, and live and hope." Culture, like a mere rushlight* can neither resist nor check the evil growths in humanity. Only the Sun of Righteousness has been mighty enough to resist or check such growths, as Whittier nobly says of the Master, Christ i- ; Thou fu&eestus; Thy purity Both all our lust condemn; J The love that draws us nearer Thee, Is hob \\\ith wrath to them. '' - . Our thoughts lie open to Thy sight; . . And naked to Thy glance, a Our secret sins are in the light Of Thy pure countenance. \--Thy healing-paiiis; a keen distress, . . :_Thy tender li£ht shines in; ; . ; Tto-sweetness is the bitterucss, Thy grace the pang of sin. Nor is it otherwise in relation to the fostering of healthy growth*. In the essay to which I have already referred, Dr. Duke says: "Those whose occupation deprives them of light, even when the supply of air is.plentiful,,carry.the trade-mark in their faces-absence of light. "Without the sun, the great source of light, the necessary chemical changes which go on in our body are more or less impeded, and instead of health and vigour of mind and' body, mental and bodily depression take their place, and subsequently disease and death."" He further says, 11 that children, like plants: need the sun, we can sec by the colour of their faces and their unbounded activity when they get plenty of it; their pallor and lethargy when it is denied to them." And the same principlo holds good in a higher realm-there cannot be a full moral "and spiritual development apart'frora the rays of the Sun of Righteousness. Apart from such rays there,is no arrest of evil development; but the higher and more spiritual elements in human nature wither and almost die. It has been said, and I believe, with perfect truth, that no nation or. tribe has ever risen-from -bar barism without some influence from without thatliftecL.it to a higher leveh V. Even Professor^ Tyndall admits that,men niedi"a~Iifting in fluence."- In heathendom men"" have^been uplifted by those from whose character* some broken rays of tho Divine light wero reflected. Iu Judaism, by holy men who spake,as .they -were rinoved by the Holy Ghost. Through such, foregleams of tho coming light were cast On .the darkness 9f,the.;worldv. vBut it was not till the light itself appeared'that men grew to .auything .: like a full development of their 'nature." Until ^then: the higfier eleinsnts * in .luimanity-faith, hone, love, kindness} gentle ness, wive in raro ana exceptional instances, lay dormant. "Wo Keek in vaiu for people in whouv theso virtues were commonly seen. v By the light of nature men learnt'to bo stern, heroic, enduring. By tho light of Christ alone have thoy grown' gentle, gracious, merciful, self forgetful. The old world "furnished many noblo examples of patriots, warriors, athletes; but it failed to furnish a manhood touched with tho finer beaiity which is so often seen in a j .world on which tho light of Christ has shined. There are, indeed, parts , of . our ?. naturo I -which flourish without any special Divino j inftuonco, but that which is highest and most spiritual, languishes until touched^ by tho . | developing .light of God. The remains of I ancient cities furnish proof aud illustration of all this. Such remains show that whilst tho paganj world excelled our own in tho purity of its architecture, in its baths)its forums, its temples, it was greatly inforior in its tokons of Iriuancss, tehderness/pity to the sick, the poor, the aged; no relic of a single hospital or asylum has ovor been brought to light amid tho ruins of any of the cities of ? tho olassical ago. . Indeed, tho feelings which would have led to such erections wero utterly despised. "Virgil describing tho: peaco and repose of .the wiso man introduces as ono of tho features his being exompteil from feeling pity for a necessitous person. No cuie ctf tio thousands of rich ffien seated at Homo ever conceited the notion of founding a hospital for the poor tir the sick. J ulirin was the first to he struck with the aspect of Christian itiafcittitKma of this kind, and to view them as a standing reproof to heathen selfishness." Nor is it otherwise in eastern lands. In them there is a like absence of the tokens of pity and love. It is not that the capacity was wanting either in classical or heathen lands. Vast aa are the differences observable in men of. different nations, their tiriderlviiig humanity is essentially the same. M Gtad hath riiride df one bicfod all nations of men to dwell oil all the fatfe of the earth/* " One tonch of nature makes the whole World kin." Ono nation may more easily be roused to .pity, and love than another one, but all are oapablo. of such feelings. * Hie" feelings "are there, but .like germs they are dormant, and await tfio influences that may kindle them to life and . beauty. i)r. tells of an African'tribe who boasted that nothing could diaw teare from'their eyes, but as they listened id the storv of the Cross from the lips of that devoted missionary, the forbidden tears 600n became visible-they could not be restrained. "Were the sun to .shine in full eastern splendour on fibtne northern land, the snow and ice would soon give wrty before his beams. And when tho Sun of Righteousneaa.has touched oven the sterneBt'people, tie gentler graces of love and pjty, like heavenly flowers, have soOn graced tfceiif lived. Matthew Arnold, who is not the man to do injustice to the claueio^l.-world ho loves so well, speaks of u that hard pagan world," and tells "how deep weariness and sited liist^madt human life a hell," - But-even that hardness melted utider the "beams' of Christ, and the wilderness blossomed as the rose. ' It is sometimes asserted that Christianity . moves in regions where it is impossible* to" test its influence.. This may.be true of not'a few of its representations by preachers and. apolo jrjate. but it is not wholly true of Christianity itselr. One great realm in which it works lies open before our eyes. We may behold the fields on which it shines, and compare them with those to which its beams have not reached, or from which its beams have been shut out by the prejudices of men. In such a comparison' the noblest testimony to ite virtue .is revealed. Any fair comparison between the Ages before and after the Adveut, or between heathen and Christian lands, must furnish ample testimony to the health-giving influence of the Sun of Righteousness. In- Christendom, with .all its shortcomings, there is, even where Christianity is* most 'diluted or'.mingled with elements foreign to its chiiracter, a repression of the evil;, tendencies, and a fostering of ..the holier ones, J which would be sought , in vain beyond its ? boundaries. Whilst ^ within ; the circle - of; Christendom, where the beams of Christ shine 'with greatest power, are found the least growth of ;ev5, and the amplest growth of those fruits . of the Spirit which render beautiful the trees in the garden of humanity. The ancient pro phecy of l&Ialachi; has been already abundantly. | justified. "But unto you that fear my name ; shflll the Sun of Righteousness arise with heal- ' ing in His/wings." ' ; . \\* f I 