OLD GRIDLEY'S GHOST. The Strange Story of the Loss of the "Oro FIno." " Why, Dunham, what's the matter? How your hand. trembles I Are you sick ?" "No; not exactly." " What ails. you then I Speak out, man. Have you been seeing a ghost 1" "To tell the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning. I haven't made a trip these twenty years that 1 dreaded like this." "Seen Old Gridley again ?" " Yes." "Pshaw! I" thought that was it. Haven't you seen him a dozen times be fore and nothing came of it ?" "This time he had his sextant." All this was at the breakfast-table. Dunham was mate of the Oreo Fino, mak ing tri-monthly trips between Portland and San Francisco. He had sailed thirty years, been round the world twice, been captain about six years, but lost his ship and couldn't get another, and so was glad to be first mate of the Oro Fino. Dunham was it the habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for he never saw but one; that was old Gridley. Gridley was mate of the vessel on which Dunham made his first trip as a ship-boy. That trip was Dunham's first. but Gridley's last. Gridley had a passion for beating ship's boys with a rope's end; he died in the act of beating Dunham with a rope's end; Gridley was taking an observation with thh sextant, and, as the boy vas passing with a bucket and swab, a su" iin lurch oLthe ship threw him against the mate. Gridley seized a rope's end, and was belaboring the boy soundly when a boom, providentially left loose, struck him and knocked him overboard. Ever since that, on numerous occasions, Dun ham had seen Gridley's ghost-usually with a rdpe's end, but sometimes with a sextant. He had never been able to'see any particular fatality portended by the vision with the rope's end. He had seen it a dozen times ; and on some occasions, his best luck had seemed to follow the apparition. Not so when the ghost with the sextant appeared. He had seen this only twice--once, the night before he fell from the foretop and broke his leg ; the other time, the night before his ship was cast away. Last night was the third time. He had awakened and found himself lying on his back. The room was perfectly dark; it was also perfectly still. Dunham could see nothing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless, he felt that something or somebody was in the room that ought to be out of it.. He also felt a draught of cold air. Dunham was no stickler for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and locked the windows before re tiring. The air could not come from the windows; neither could it come from the bed-room dooe, for that opened into the sitting-room just opposite to a window, and if the door had been open he could have seen the window.. Despite Isis natural courage, Dunham was frightened. Heo raised himself on his elbow very cautiously. He looked about the room; he. could see absolutely nothing. He reached over to where Maggie, his wife slept- she was there. He moistened his finger in his mouth and held it up. He could then sensibly feel the draught of air coming from the foot of his bed. He got up and struck a light. Looking over his shoulder as lie did so, he saw, at the foot of his bed, old Gridley. It wouid do no good to shout loud-I-is wife would only laugh at him. He had often waked her up to look at the ghost, but she professed never to seo it. It would do no good to go up to the apparition and try to seize it 0 -he had often done this, and it only dis- c appeared for an instant, to reappear in u another part of the room. So he left the b lamp burning and got into bed with his J eyes fixed on the figure. b This time Gridley had his sextant, and a seemed busy bringing an imaginary sun fi down to an imaginary horizon. The opera- t tion completed, the figure turned to the a bureau and seemed to be making the g calculation. Then he turned to Dunham, and shook his head negatively, and dashed u the sextant to the floor. A sudden crack o startled the mate. He had turned the a lampwick too high, and the chimney-had a cracked and fallen to the floor. u In the morning Dunham was a little a nervous. However, having taken a cup or g two of strong coffee, and if it must be con- t fessed, a thimbleful of brandy, he felt more a composed. Joey Dunham, the mate's only child, a a boy of ten years of age, almost always ac- t companied his father on his trips. This s time Dunham proposed to leave him at d home; but the boy seemed so disap- e pointed thathisfatherfinallygaveway, and c they started together down to the wharf. b Whata busy scene is the departure of c an ocean steamer! Drays, 'busses, cabs, I carriages, rattling and thundering on to a the quay; mountains of luggage piled p upon the wharf, or being lowered into the n hold; stalwart Atlases staggering under t the worlds of trunks which they have shouldered ; mates, crews, porters, cabmen, b passengers, boys, all shouting lustily in a solo or chorus ; the ship's engine blowing v off steam with a deafening roar; the timid a ladies, making their first trip, being led a trembling over the plank and up the stair- f way, and laid on the sofas in the cabin; r old voyagers, with one leg over the rail, b smoking their cigars-all conspire to make I the scene one of rare excitement and con- v fusion. a Joey was perfectly at home, and while his father was busy, stole up into the wheelhouse, which had incautiously been v lift unlocked. The wheelman, coming along soon after, met Joey stealing down I the steps, looking scared and guilty. a Now the gun is fired. The bell rings. d The hurry and confusion are increased g tenfold. Hasty farewells are said; hasty t kisses exchanged; handkerchiefs are 1 brought into vigorous use. The throng of I friends who have come only to say "good- f bye" begin to pour over the plank to the I wharf. The captain stands on the paddle- I box. He stoops and pulls a handle ; down a in the depths of the monster tinkles a bell; a in a second more the paddles dash the t water into foam. The captain stoops and c pulls the handle again; the paddles stop, but the ship is started enough to allow the cables to cast off. They are all cast off but the stern cable-that still holds, and the head of the great black monster swings slowly out into the current. Another pull I at the handle, another splash of the pad dies, and the stern cable is cast off. The gun sounds; she is loose I A cheer from a the crowd on the wharf, a cheer from the crowd on deck, and the ship has fairly s turned down the stream and began her c voyage. t In an hour she was at the mouth of the I Willametto, and struck the strong, full current of the Colitmbia. Having more sea-room now she begins to use her strength. The flames roar through the c flues; the engineer turns on a full head r of steam; the clear, sweet water of the c river, cut neat and clean by the prow, is a dashed into snowy foam by the paddles, a and sinks and rises in a swelling wake for .t half a mile to the stern. Fisling boats t and Indian canoes glide past her like a shuttles, and before you can fairly turn to t look, are tossing and rocking on the swell many rods behind. A black hull, supporting a cloud bf dingy-white canvas is seen ahead. It is the fudsopn Bay Company's store-ship, bound for Vancouver. A flash, a cloud of white smoke, a heavy thud, and she has saluted the Oro Fineo. A jar and a thunder-clap that startles the old ones, and sets the ladies to screaming, and the Oroe Fino has saluted her. Three cheers from the strangers as the British flag runs up to the masthead, and throee cheers as I the stars and stripes curl and snap in the stiff breeze from our gaff. Now that she lhas passed, and the sun falls on her can vas, she seems like a great bank of snow falling on the river. Nearly everybody is tired of watching her, and many have gone into the cabins to avoid the wind which is growing chilly, and others are composing themselves in twos and threes about the deck, when a new and more thrilling episode calls them to their feet again. Durham and two men come tearing up to the staircase to the quarter-deck. The bell tinkles, and the paddles stop. "lIan overboard 1" is the cry. Every one rushes to the stern ; everyone scans I the boiling current. " There, I see him!" cries one. "He's treading water !" cries another. Everybody can see him now ; r but by this time the tremendous momen tum of the vessel has left him a little speck a quarteir; of a' mile behind. [It takes an age to lower the boat. Finally it is off- 3 Dunham in the stern,- and the sturdy a sailors bending the ash dangerously. a "Can' le hold out ?" " Oh, yes; can't you see him? He's treading water." "No, he's floating." "Anyhow, lie keeps 1 up bravely." " How slow the boat goes !" s ' Why don't they pull ?" In fact, the I boat was cutting the water like a fright a coned fish. M?en on the ship involuntarily Sbent and strained, as though they could help in that way. The boat nears the I floating object, now only a speck in the Sdistance. Ajoyful murmer goes up from Sthe ship. "Hoe's saved !" " Ohl, thlose I strong men!" But Dunham slheers tihe boat around, and picks up only a lhat and r holds it high in the air. The owner had a long since sunk. By the time tlhe tired f crew were taken on board and the vessel Sunder headway, it was dark. They made Astoria by midnight, and lay to alongside the wharf. a The wind,freshoned during the nghlt, a and by morning a heavy gala, filled with a salt spray, was driving ini directly from the sea. The pilot reported that it would be i imnpossible to cross the bar in such a blow. s So they waited. Dunlhamn's presentment of bad luck had beoon strengthened by the Sloss of the man from the ship, and he was ; more Inervous and gloomy than when he left home. So he took his boy and went Sashore. He went to the house of a friend s and left Joey there, with orders to return Sto Portland by the firststeamer that should go up. He also wrote a letter to his wife t -a little longer than usual, almost two s pages, and a little more affectionate than it usual. He excused himself for writing by o telling hler that the bar was so bad they y couldn't cross it, and it was a little too dull r to stay there doing nothing. d By ten o'clock the squall had abated, 0 and by noon the pilot said he thought he could get over the bar by taking the north channel. While the firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house-it was ouly a few steps-and bade Joey good-bye, and told him to be a good * boy and mind his mother, and gave him cc sundry other items of good advice which I i, fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very ti amusin" game of see-saw with the little w girl of the house. gi By three o'clock the ship was fairly di under way again. By five, sihe was safely i over the bar, and had put her pilotaboard ci a steamer which was waiting on the out- a side to enter. The captain having been 01 up all the previous night, wentto his cabin rc and turned in for the night. The passen gers were all either sea-sick or chilled by ct the cold wind, and had gone to their rooms o0 and into the cabin. The wheelman, by as orders from Dunham, made out Cape Dis- ni appointment and Tillamook Head, and II took his ranges from them and put the ship on her course. He had only time to w do this when a fog rolled up so dense that even the light on Cape Disappointment w could scarcely be seen. Dunham assured himself that the ship was on her right hi course by going into the wheelhouse and tt looking for himself. Having done this, ci and knowing the coast perfectly, be felt ca pretty safe. He was a little confused and fn nervous, however, and so he went down to m the cabin and overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions just as though SI he had never made- the trip before. Heo seemed to be all right. "Bring your hi vessel in range of Cape Disappointment d and Tillamook Head, and then put her about south by east." He had done this S fifty times before, and had come out all oa right. To be sure that no mistake had si been made, he climbed up to the wheel- d house, and quietly asked the man at the wheel how he had got his range. He an- n swered promptly and satisfactorily. I Every thing was according to orders. t So Dunham cursed his nervousness, and walked back to the smoke-stack, a Thewind had gone down with the sun, a but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the ji deck for half an hour, then went below to get his cloak. Being chilly, he went up a to the hurricane deck and sat with his ri back to the smoke-stack. Being nervous a he lit a cigar. Being careful, he walked t1 forward to see how things were moving. He thought he heard a distant roar. He y listened and could hear nothing. He walked back to the smoke-stack. In ten c minutes he came forward again. He thought he heard the roar of surf. He called to the man at the wheel : a "Abbot I" "Ay, sy, sir." . "How does she stand ?" "Sou' by east, sir." That was all right; that was the course Dunham had put her on. He went to the paddle-box and signalled r the engine to stop. Then he called a man and had the lead thrown. "Twenty- four: Plenty of water," thought Dunham, and ~ started the engine. He then went to the o captain's cabin and knocked. The cap- si tain did not hean the first time, and he n knocked again. - c "Who's there " g" "The mate." The captain opened a port near the head t of his berth, and asked him what the matter was. Dunham reported. The captain told him it was all right ; that it was foggy, and the roar of the surf with such a sea on and no wind could be heard ten miles. Dunham rather thought so, too, and went away. During this parley, s and while the mate stopped a few minutes to look after things below, the ship had I made more than two miles headway. By t the time Dunham got on deck again the 8 roar of the surf was frightful. He fairly screamed at the helmsman : "Abbott!" - S"Ay, ay, sir." "How's her head ?" " Sou' by east, sir." Amazing I Dunham ran to the paddle- a box and jerked a signal. The engine c stopped. Then he rushed to the captain's c door and called him out in the name of the gods. Both flew on deck. There was no mistake about it; there were the breakers not half a mile ahead, judging by the sound, thundering and boiling against I the shore. Dunham had almost run the ship's head on shore, and that, too, when she was holding precisely the same course by compass that he had put her on fifty times before. The captain roared : "What's her course o?" " Sou' by east, sir." "Put her sou'west." " Souawest, sir," echoed the man at the wheel, and the wheel soun round and the chains rattled. The captain rushed to the signal-bell and started the engine, and got the ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had she started on her now course when a scraping sound was heard and felt-then bump, bump, bump, as though the ship had been lifted up" and set down hard three times ; then a crash and a sudden stop that sent theo. captain and mate on their faces, and brought the smoke-stacks crashing through the decks, and snapped off the topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunken rock, and began to fill at once. Who got to shdre, and how they got to shore, matters not. It is the same old story. The news spread on wings. Men came and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf. or dug them out of the sand, or identified them in thle shed, or paced the beach day after day looking out on the remorseless sea that sullenly clung to its dead. The captain and the rwhleelman, Abbott, went to Portland together-Dunhasm they never found-and there they talked over the strange affair and exhausted all their ingenuity in vain to account for the loss of the ship when on the right course on a still night. When the wrecking-tug was ready, they went out to the wreck. It still hung on the rocks. The bows were high out of water. The two men climbed up into the wheel-house. They unscrewed the compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shore. There they opened it, and lifted up the card and needle, and there lay the little instrument of death a broken knife- blade. The handle and the rest of the blade were in little JoeyDuiham's pocket.. He had tried to pry out theglass, to see what made the card swing around so when hlo held his knife by it, and in doing so had broken the blade. He concealed his mis chief and stole away. The Emperor of Austria.who is a great smoker, has been onlcreh by the doctors to give up the fragrant weed. They attribute his neuralgia to it. li3[Slajesty was in the ihalbit of smoking twenty cigars daily. A Florida grass is sometimes used as substitute for hog bristles iin paint brushes. 