Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 22, THE TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery. " What d'yo think, though, of a triple 8\°twM Jaok Martin who put tho qneation, as he leant over ibefenco ol tho home-padilook at Kammill* station, ono blazing Sunday forenoon in December* . Jack—his looal oopaoity of stockman to the contrary notwithstanding—wbb a gentleman, there could bo no doubt of that. Good c.luoa tion—good manner*—good heart—but that important something which yclept '• ballast," and for lack of wh.oh-tn carry the ft«uro further—the argoByof .Taok h existence had Buffered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual ahipwreck. < But. by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to theao flighty bouIh to take tho world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, " yarning ^ there, that morning, with an old blue shirt on his baolc and an archaio « cabbage-tree over his good-natured oountenanoe, wbb aa cheerful as if he had not been the son of an aristooratio Lincolnshire rector, and brothor to half-a-dozen high- bred young women in far-away England. If Jack waa oheerful, however, his Btory was not, and the smile of incredulity upon the faoes of his listonerH soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity whioh tells of tho power of the born raconteur. All this was Jaok, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I oan testify that the story made a deep impression on me at the time. It may not likewise affeot you, but at anyrate here it i'*" It was six years ago," Baid Martin, and just after I'd had that oropper over tho wire fenoe at Carmiohael's on theJGoulburn. As I've told you beforo, I waB pretty well smashed up on that oooasion, and as soon as I oould be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that astonished the dootors—who, between our ■elves, don't know everything yet, and bo in less than a month I was able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow x?ho had come into a bit of money while he waa working with me on Oarmi ohael's station. Either a Swede or a Nor wegian he was—with Halk Djorren for hia name. A deoidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as ho and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew hia place was on the coast, and I thought a Bpell in the sea-air would be just the thing for me. 11 Well, to out matters short, another week found me abont a hundred miles up to the northward, at a plaoe oalled—I think— Whandamo. That's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter muoh, for it waa a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in tho middle of a sorub-oovered flat, bordered on one Bide by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile oil along the ooast, Mr. Ualk Djorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from tho timbers of a wreok. Ah in deed, perhaps it had, for there had been a good few ships driven aBhore thereabouts, from time to time, and the Whandamo people had some ourious tales about the ghoBts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of oourse, I laughed—but not for long I " I'm not nervous, and I'm not suporsti tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. " Well, I foBsioked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of saying that I was welcome, be made me feci it, whioh waa better. Indeed, he was a man who never said muoh at any time—a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed oreature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton's Riccaboooa, and who was not without a fair share of Ricca bocca's learning either. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the Bhore, and, aB ho didn't volunteor any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. 11A dreary shore it waa; nothing but sand and aorub aa far aa the eye oould reaoh. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; but, aa you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for that, and so for a oouple of days I wandered about, thinking of old timea, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the sand hills I should see the spire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far aoross the fens. " Well, I think it was tho fourth night I'd been at the plaoe, there was a full moon. I waa wandering about with Bjorren'a gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like — but that's what everybody gushes about, ao I'll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when she waa fairly up it waa easy to see that she waa no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of ■peculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I waa gazing Bteadily at her big red oro, when there suddenly rang out bohind me a shriek bo blood-curdling that I started violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor did I think of pioking it up, for when I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything elae olean out of my head. Within about three hundred yards of me, and running in my direotion, waa a woman. A small, slight framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet. I oould see them twinkle white along thousand as sho ran. No 1—she was a tall woman, with a white dress, and what seemed to be a knifo in her hand. No I I said to myself a second time— wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senseB were leaving me—as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roughly-dressed man, with what appeared to bo a tomahawk in hia left hand—I saw his face distinctly—white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over hia ahoulder aa he came. " Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to bo, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from hia left hand to his right. That broke the spell I There was qomething so natural and human in the action that my wits oame baok to me in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I oould use it as a olub. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When I stood up with it graspod by the muzzle in both hands—the man waa gone I"—and Jaok, with true dramatic art, oamo here to a dead pause and began slowly to out up tobacoo. " Gone?" IaBked. " Bun away again, do you mean?" 11 No, air I Qone I—disappeared I—van* ished I" " Come, oome, Jaok I" I said, Ikughing. " That's the stereotyped sort of thing, you know t You abould have finished things off with more originality 1" " Den't it strike you," said Jaok, gravely, that it'a just beoause I'm telling the troth that I haven't finished off, aa you say, in a lesa stereotyped manner? Were I stuffing you, M we aay hereabouts, nothing would have been" easier than to give matters a mow °r'» Perhaps you bad some • hard stuff' with you, and saw double ?"' said liilly Anderaon, the red-nosed little cook, who Yitht, soul, and spoke according to bis lights. «• Saw treble, you mean I put-1» tlje store man, who was the wit ot. the station «' though that's but a bane insinuation. Martin shook bis head. NoboyB.he said. " Strange to say, I hadn t at that time tasted any liquor for over four months. If I wasn't downright out of my mind foi: about thirty ssoonds—for it all passed in that time —I saw exaotly iohat I.tell you, andexaotly at * Was there nothing that oonld have oon oealed tbe figure?" I asked. =. oni1 « Nothing. Flat as the palm of your band for half a mile on every Bide of mo. i>ui hear mo out 1" and, having lighted his pipe, Jaok hitehud himself further upon tho fenoe and went on— _ T #«i» rt »I oannot doBorib9 to you bow I felt. II seemed to me as if the whole """P4 mo had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. Tbe very moon Boomed to have ohanged into some awful thing—some fearful personality, if you understand mo—that kept glaring downwards on mo as I made the best of my way baok to tho but. .. 11 Hero I saw something that wabd I fit oil calculated to steady ray nerves. Bjorren was asleep, and apparently dreamin^-Bome awful dream, by the look of him. His hair very long and shaggy it was—was tossed all about the Pillow, and his face was streaming with perspiration. Ho kicked about, too, and struggled, and at last ho cried out something that mado me start once more. Tho axe I ho said—'the tomahawk I My God I she s down I' I went over and shook him till he woke. ' What'a the mattor, old man ? I said. 4 Havo you been dreamitiK ? He eat op* Bhua dering and wiping the damp from his face. ' Dreaming I' ho BBid. ' Yes, thank God it was only a dream I' Then, when bo had coma round a bit, ho told mo his droam; and—you may boliove me or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately—" but this is what he told DQ6»'' •' He thought first, he said, that bo saw far baok into the early times of tho colony, and that three pcrsonB, a man and two women, occupied the very hut wo were in. It seemed to bo known to him at the same time that these were the Bole survivors of ft Bbipwrook, and that tho man had built tho hut out ol wreckage. Tbe man» t00f ho seemed to know( had formed an attachment to tho younger of the two women, and thUB aroused tho deadly jealousy of tho other, who waB bis wife. And now, aB tho dreamer saw them, a quarra arose. A quarrel which grow more and mora savage, until the injured wife snatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who ruBhed Bcroatmng out of tho hut* Across the moonlit sands Bbe lied—after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in turn the faithless husband with a tomahawk." 11 Rupidly tho second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, until tho hunted woman waB overtakon, and throw herself down upon her knees, screaming wildly for meroy. She did not rcoeive it 1 The fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength—out her throat 1 It was tho work of a moment, but, before tho murderess could rise to her feet again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and, shifting tho tomahawk from hia left hand to his right, ho drove it fiercely into hiB wife's Bkull. Down she went beside her viotim, and lay there as motionless—and aa dead—as a log. Tho man, too, remained as motionless, after he had Btruok the blow, aa if he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that iB; then he flung tho toma hawk far away across tho sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantio with horror and remorse, olimbed upon the roof, made a lino fast to the rude ohimney, and hung himself 1 " Suoh wasBjorrcn's dream," went on Jaok, after a pause, " and 1 leave you to guesB what effect it had upon mo, ooming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morn ing came we examined the outside of tho chimney, and found, euro enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inoh made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line the murderor hanged himself with, or it might not. You oan form your own opinion; all I know iB that I've described the matter exaotly as it ooourred, and that I cleared out of tha aeoursed plaoe that very day. As for Bjorren, oonoludbd Jaok, getting down off the fence to depart, " he may bo thero yet, for all I know. He was just the Bort of chap to suit suoh ghostly work, but one suoh fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I oan't bear the Bight of the full moon." This was true enough. We had all notieed and laughad at the peculiarity in question, though whether it bad its origin in tho manner desoribed ia a point whioh I have never— whatevor you, reader, may do—been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent ooourrenoe, however, induced me to think il possible that the whole story waa the morbid emanation of a brain trembling—though wa knew it not—on the verge ol inBanity. Not is this supposition invalidated by the art with which the talo was told, sinoo it is_ a matter of common experience that lunatios will sometimes exhibit, in somo particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of tbe sane. » * » * In the month ol .February '75, or about fourteen 'inontbB after hearing the story I have here reproduced, I was on my way to tho Wannamilla oountry, in Queensland, and had got as far as Jelligap, on the Maodonald Itivcr. Just before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pulled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon a little orowd round tho hotel door, to know what was the matter. Tho general opinion inolined to bushrangers, and it was with some thing like disgust that the Jelligapians learned it waB only a lunatio tbe troopers were after. A man on Oolonel Masterman'a Yaruna station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mind, ana, after firing twioe at tbe overseer, had mounted bis horse and taken to the bush. ;: " Wo'ro bound to hnvo him before morning, though," said one of the constables. " Ho was seen taking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to hitn." And so it proved. About eight next morn ing the troopers rode into tbe township again with tbe lnnatio—still on his own horse, but bound and handouffed—between them. Some thing in the poor creature's faoe Btruok me as being familiar. I went closer. Good God i —it waB Jaok Martin 1 "JackI" I oried. "Jaok Martin—you know me, don't you, old fellow ?" He C laughed ohcorfully. "Oh, yeB," ha said, "I know you quito well. You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you dono with your win gs, though ? Exouse my not raising my hat, but you see"—with a glance at hia bonds—" thore are serious meohanioal dim oultieB in tho way I" " Where are you taking him ?" I asked the troopers. 11 Magistrate and doctors, first, biz—then I Buppose, to Brisbano Asylum ?" And to Brisbano Asylum poor Jaok went; but he didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was In Brisbane, and called to see him. " Martin ?" said tho olork, turning over tbe leaves ot tbe book. " Martin, John. Ah, hero it is t Admitted, 23 Fobruary; died, 27th. Four days afterwards, you see." I did see; and saw, too, that it was better so. 