, 1887. The Congregational Jubilee. " The Intercolonial Conference. PUBLIC WELCOME TO DELEGATES FROM ENGLAND. In the evening an enthusiastic audience crowded the Adelaide Town Hall to give a public welcome to Dr. Dale and Mr. Albert Spicer, the delegates from England. Tea was laid in the Banqueting and' Refreshment-rooms between 5.30 and 7 o'clock, and was partaken of by quite 1,000 persons. At 7.3J the meeting in the hall began with the singing of the k«mn " r/iraraivl Forward be flnr Our Watc.hwftrd' Watchword" bV by the Jubilee 1 1 Choir, consisting of 250 voices, 1 under the baton of Mr. C. J. Stevens, and with organ accompaniment. The President of the Conference (Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A.) was supported on the platform by the leading delegates, and also by several prominent ministers and laymen of different denominations in the city. The CHAIRMAN said they were thankful to God that He had enabled them to arrive that evening at the goal of so many of their hopes and anticipations—the starting point, he trusted, for fresh work and nobler enterprise. They wanted to join in heartily welcoming their friends, who had come over the seas to be with them on that occasion. (Applause.) It was indeed an event to be remembered— the coming of a man like Dr. Dale into their midst that he might give them the inspiration of bis presence and likewise his thoughts tLuching the great questions that were interesting to them alL They remembered how, many years ago, their venerable friend Mr. Binnty came out here, and how much good work he did. (Hear, hear) They wished to welcome Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer in the same way as they did him, and also to welcome all other friends, and ask them to join in their welcome to those who had come out from England. (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. JEFFERIS, on behalf of the Churches in New South Wales, extended to the visitors from England a most hearty aud affectionate welcome. Dr. Dale was a man whose value could not be held within the confines of a sect; he belonged to the nation; yea, he belonged to humanity itself. (Applause.) The Spicer name was held in high honour in the highest mercantile circles in the world, and Mr, Albert Spicer was the worthy son of a venerable father whose name in the Churches in London was one of the most honoured. (Applause.) He trusted that the visitors would be able to learn much from what they saw in Australia, and carry away truths which they might declare in the old country. In the present crisis of the Empire's history, when Ireland was in a terribly discontented state, it was not Conservative coercion or any number of Crimes Bills that would settle the question. He believed that the statesmen of England were learning to-day from Anstralia that Home Rule, with such modifications as the position of Ireland itself as the immediate neighbour of England demanded, waB the thing to settle the controversy. (Loud applause.) Upon this and upon a multitude of other subjects touching our national life Dr. Dale might win for himself a larger measute of knowledge than he possessed now by studying earnestly and accurately the free working of the An^lo- Saxon life in Australia. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN read a letter of welcome and congratulation which he had received from the Rev. Charles Price, of Launccstm, who began work as a minister in the colonies fifty-six years ago, and is now the oldest Congregational preacher in Australasia. Mr. Price expressed regret that, owing to domestic troubles, he could not attend the Conference. The Rev. Dr. BEVAN, who was heartily eceived, delivered a very eloquent and arnest address, in which he welcomed the ititors in the name of the Congregational hurches of Victoria. He described the advantages of life in Australia, and avowed is determination to permanently remain ere. He impressed on the audience he necessity of more individual activity in the work of the Church, reminding hem that the constitution of a Congregaional Church would not admit of progress if any of the members fell away from the discharge of duty. Just in proportion as the machine of Church life was delicate, in that proportion it needed to be tenderly and carefully worked. He trusted that the best results would attend the Conference. Mr. A. SPICER, who was loudly cheered on rising, said it was very hard to be able suitably to respond to kindne&s; upon kindness. His good wife and himself had been in Adelaide six days, and the kindness they had received on all hands had been simply overwhelming. In North Adelaide they had found a splendid host in the Chief Justice. (Hear, hear.) Asone who had been engaged in commerce for a long time he wished publicly to thank those commercial gentlemen of Adelaide who had given him such a warm welcome. What he had Eeen here would never be effaced from his memory. He had gone through the streets of this fair city, and had Been the working men with their looks of happiness and satisfaction that contrasted strongly with the unhappy scenes which he bad witnessed in England a few months ago. He had taken part in the reception of the Queen on the occasion of her opening the People's Palace, and on that day he drove through some four miles of the streets of the East-End of London, and he would never forget the hungry gaunt look that many thousands of persons bore on their faces. His wife and himself accompanied Mr. Mearns, author of ''The Bitter Cry," on walk through the streets of London during a whole night. Starting from the far weat and going eastward they gathered a large crowd, whom they provided with a few honrs' warmth and comfort, and a good hot breakfast to conclude with. He was sure that the people of Adelaide would join with him in the prayer that the time might never come when in these great colonies they might see such sights as he then saw. (Hear, hear.) He seemed to think that he had a right to a place on the platform, because he remembered the fact that a resolution had been parsed at the Congregational Conference in Sydney specially thanking his father as Treasurer of the London Missionary Society for the work he had done dnring the last forty years on its behalf. He remembered also with pride that the late Mr, Thomas Qninton Stow came from hia own county, Eesex. (Hear, hear.) He had come to Adelaide because he had been invited. (Hear, hear.) He was teld that his wife and himseif had been invited as representative non-ministerials. He had come to learn. He ventured in the Conference on Tuesday to make a simple suggestion, but he soon found that this was not a place for him to teach in, and he would not attempt it again. (Laughter.) He came to rejoice with them on account of the work they had done here during the last fifty years. (Applause./ He came as a Congregationalist and as a Christian. He loved the fundamental idea that the Church consisted only of a gathering of Christian men and women—that wherever two or three were gathered together in God's name there He was in their midst. He urged tbem to greater effort on behalf of their Master. It was said sometimes that Congregational Churches were muck more fitted for what were known as the middle classes of society than for the wealthier classes for the working people. He ad' mitted that they did seem to lose large number of those who had belonged to tbem in the upper middle classes. They said it was a hard thing for two generations of carriages to drive up to the same Church door. He hoped that day would soon come to an end. If they only sought to do Christ's will social temptations would not lead them atray from what they knew to be right, (Hear, hear.) Some of the happiest associations of his Church life had been with the working classes of the district in which he resided. If the Churches generally were not attended by the working classes, it waa not the fanlt of their system, but of themselves as the members for not working more devotedly for the cause of Christ. (Hear, hear.) Referring to his connection with the London Missionary Society, he asked whether Australia could not perform a more important part than Bhe had hitherto done in the conversion of the heathen. Whatever talents Christians possessed must be exercised in order to ensure development. Because their fathers had fought and won it waB for them to be up and doing. (Applause.) During an interval the choir rendered the " Hallelujah Chorus," and a collection was taken up, resulting in a Bum of £40. Dr. DALE, who was most enthusiastically received, said it was just two weeks since he landed in Hobart, and from that time he and his wife and child had been receiving the moat extraordinary kindness from all descriptions of people. Those who shared with them their Congregational faith had given them a moat hearty welcome, and men of other creeds and men of no creed at all had also received them most generously. He had discovered how deep aud how fervent was the passion that bound their hearts to that great historical land whose traditions were theirs as well as his own, and whose future he hoped would be theirs as well as their friends in England, (Applause.) It was a ereat and noble passion which bound the hearts of men to the land and race from which they had sprung, and it waa a still diviner passion that came from the vivid consciousness of kinship with all who had received that eternal life which was their inheritance in Christ, and who belonged with them to that invisible and eternal Kingdom which couid not be moved. It was two or three years ago since he received from Mr. Searle an invitation to visit this colony. He was glad to see that gentleman in the meeting for many_reasons, and especially for this, that he wonld sustain him when he stated that twice or thrice be had told him that it was im- possible for him to come ont. If the colony of South Australia ever wanted to find a Commissioner to send to England in order to carry out some difficult negotiations he would venture to recommend Mr. Searle, for he had the most original method of carrying negotiations through. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He was glad to have come out with Mr. Spicer. to whom the London Missionary Society and the Congregational Union owed so much. On that platform he wondered why they had asked him (the speaker) to come out. He could tell them nothing they nad not been told already and told many a time by the Rev. Mr. Fletcher, Dr. Jeffens, Dr. Bevan, and his friend Mr. Clark, who received him with such hospitality at Hobart. They could speak with a knowledge of the condition of their Church life which it was imooesible for a stranger to possess. He was more and more conscious of the immense differences between the conditions in which the Churches of this colony were serving Christ and the conditions under which they were serving Him in the old country. Consider how the soil of England was crowded, and the manner in which the soil of this great country was unoccupied. He bblieved they had some 900,000 square miles of territory in South Australia, and the population of that vast territory waa onefourth less than the population within the boundaries of the borough of Birmingham. The crowding of the population in England created economic and social differences of which they in South Australia knew nothing. A great part of the time and strength of the best men in Churches at home was devoted to movements for social reform which were unnecessary in this part of the Empire. He had been told that in Australia they could never find in a nrimary school a child that did not appear to be well fed. Day after day and week after week in Manchester last winter thousands of children attending the public schools bore in their very appearance signs of starvation, and apart from provision made by public charity they were unable to do their lessons because they were BO ill- fed. He heard a Catholic priest say it was financially worth while for schoolmasters to bny dinner tickets for the children under his charge at a halfpenny apiece in order to secure food for them, because he would recover the money in the increased grant that he would get from the examinations owing to children being better able to learn their lessons. Member of Churches had to devote their services and wealth to struggling with the misery that was concentrated in the great masses of population by which they were surrounded. As he croEred from Hobart to Melbourne, and came on from Melbourne to this city, the question occurred to him again and again, how was it they could not transfer to this virgin soil thousands and hundreds of thousands of English people who lived a hard life at home, and who here might live in ease, health, and prosperity? (Hear, hear.) He put it to the Congregationalists of the colonies to consider whether they could for the sake of their brother Congregationalists over the sea initiate some movement by which they might brin? to their chores men who would increase the Btrengtn and help the life of the Churches in these lands. Tbey could get thousands of men to come to Australia to seek for gold, but if the immigrants from the old country consisted only of that class of people he ventnred to Bay that such good results would not follow as might be expected if men came here with a view not only to provide themselves with more scope for their industry, but also from a higher motive of trying to assist the Churches of the colony, and to form noble institutions for a young and rising people. (Hear, hear.) They had difficulties of their own, grave and per- plexing enough, here. It was not for him to attempt to offer any solution for them, but in all thingB the Churches of Christ existed for the performance of great and divine services. In all conditions they had a common work for their Master? and for the human race, and at a time like this when the people here were reviewing the history for the first fifty years of Congregationalism in this colony he would like to speak to them on the graver and more serious aspects of their Church life. What was the real strength at the present moment of the ChurcheB in the colony? That strength was not to be meaEured by the statelinesB of their Church buildings, for the structure of reed and wattle that Mr. Stow helped to build up might in God's hands have served a purpose quite as high as the noble edifice winch had been built in Mr. Stow's memory. They conld not measure their strength by the number of their Church buildings, or by the size of the congregations, or by the wealth of theirpeople, or by theconBiderationandeateem conceded to their ministers, or by the influence to which sometimes he was inclined to think we attached too much importance— the influence they were exerting on the public and political life of the community. They must go deeper and in a different direction to discover their real strength. Looking back on their own personal history they could say they had been reaching forward to a better and wider knowledge of the Christian revelation. The gospel was infinitely simple and infinitely profound, and unless the members of Christian Churches were increasing in the knowledge of things eternal and divine, it mattered not what eternal signs of prosperity they were able to look round upon in their Church life. Were they as thoughtful about the great truths of the Christian faith as their fathers were? Did the great discoveries that came to them concerning the thoughts of God seem to them as august and wonderful as they seemed to their fathers? He would ask another question. It was only slowly that either individuals or communities understood how the will of Christ concerning human conduct was to be actually translated into practice. Let them look back and consider whether the moral standard of their Churches, and whether their own personal mora standard was higher than it was twentyyears ago. They had been passing through great commercial vicissitudes during the last two or three years, and he asked them to teBt the acceptance of their belief in Christ as their Master in secular matters by the manner in which they had endured their troubles. Their theory was that whatever their calling they did service to Christ, and, as he had often ventured to say,_ no matter what business they were in Christ was the true head of the finn and they were working under him. It had been Hia business that had suffered. Had they looked upon it in that aspect and regarded the late depression in the light of their position as servants under the Master of their businesses ? Now that returned prosperity had come, were they receiving it not simply as a pleasing change but as something to be welcomed because they were servants of Christ ? The Churches were intended to realize the true Christian idea of a divine society. Christian life was not an isolated life, and he would ask them whether their Churches had been growing more and more like the household of God. Again, the Church ought to be a perpetual means of revelation not only of God's thoughts but of God himself to those who belonged to it. That revelation came in many ways— partly in the pnblic assemblies for worship, and from the teaching of the ministers, and partly from the mutual ministry of those who were included in the fellowship. Had their vision of God's glory become keener and keener as year after year went by, and was their sense of gladness more and more intense as they realized that they were children of the eternal King and heirs of immortality. The Churches also sustained a relation to Society and to the race. He believed they were founded by Christ himEelf, and were not merely communities which owed their origin to the members who formed and constituted them. Unless a Church recognised Christ as the founder and bead it overlooked the true position in which it was placed. It shut out the true glory which Christ desired to give to it. Churches were the visible monuments and memorials of the most glorious events in the life of Christ. They existed because the eternal Son descended from the heights of God,moved by infinite pity for_ the sorrows and infinite mercy for the sins of our race, and determined to become man and die, and to riEe again for our redemption. Christian Churches were monuments and memorials of that fact, and the .ministers had to preach that gospel. He believed in theology, because he believed in the functions of the Intellect in relation to things divine. They disparaged the dignity of the human intellect who spoke lightly of theology—(hear, hear)— but the gospel was not a theological system. It was a perpetual testimony of the power and grace of Christ. Churches existed that they might sustain the testimony of the preachers by their own testimony and the power and glory of the unseen living Lord who abides with the Church for ever. Of late years great assaults had been made on the four evangelical records, and Christian men had spoken of the fact as if the whole of the Issues of Christianity depended on their maintaining those books intact. He protested against such an idea. We had millions of evangelists scattered over the whole world who could tell a story of what ChriBt had done in our own time, and the genuine neijs and authenticity of their own story could not be challenged. (Applause.) One more question. In a famous creed were the word®, "I believe^ in the Holy Ghost." Had their faith in Him become an obsolete tradition, having a plice in their theological scheme, but not in their practical life? Devout Jews whose imagination was filled with the glory of divine manifestations of their fathers failed to recognise the Son of God when he came in their midst 1,800 years ago, Was it possible that they had overlooked the importance of the spirit working in the midst of the Churches? He hoped this Jubilee Conference would lead to their ppealing to God to grant tuem a better understanding of the power of the Holy Ghost, who was already in their midatj He expressed hiB hearty concurrence ana sympathy with what had fallen from Dr. Bevan regarding the future of these great colonic 8. He reminded them that in this young laud any steps they might take at the present time might be fraught with very great consequences to the future of these colonies. God had placed upon them a trust the magnitude and solemnity of which would be measured centuries hence, as they could not measure it now. He entreated them to rise to the thought of their great vocation, and to allow it to be said of them by coming generations that they in their time had served God and their race with the same temper and the same faith that had been manifested by those whose memory had been held dear by all great peoples, and had secured for them the bomageand the reverence of many generations. (Loud applause.) After the singing of a hymn the audience 