The colonial Press was recently blamed for misleading agriculturists because it advised them to turn their attention to other than cereal products. The Press wishes to see the colony progress, and it urges farmers to make such systematic and judicious efforts as would benefit themselves, whereby tbat object would to a great extent be attained. It is well known that there are a number of landholders who have improved their prospects by acting on the advice publicly tendered* With wheat at the low price that now rules and the land almost exhausted it ib as much as the poorer farmers can do to keep their heads above water, and they have not the meanB to turn their attention to wool-growing; while before going in for orchards and vine yards they wish to make sure of a market for their produce. There is great force in the saying that he is a benefactor to his epecies who can make two blades of grass grow where only one grew before, and he is superla tively so who helps the agriculturist to double his income. We purpose re ferring to a few things which may by some be thought trivial, but which are none the less important adjuncts in keeping the wolf from the door. In our laBt issue we Etated tbat during the first four months of the present year the value of the eggs exported was £8,621. That amount shows that this industry is receiving more atten tion than formerly ; but it is a mere bagatelle to what it ought to be. The rearing of poultry is attended to in a practical and profitable way by com paratively few farmers. Some people even do not attend to their fowls regularly, but allow them for the most part to scratch for a living. At certain seasons of the year eggs are plentiful and cheap, but were proper care paid to the poultry -yard, and the birds fed in cold weather with warm food, the fowls would lay more regulariy. Boiled grain and pollard are recom mended by poultry authorities as suit able food for fowle for making them profitable. Every* farmer might in crease his income to a certain extent in this way, and a very large export trade ought to be established. Very little capital is required for this industry, but it demands a certain amount of attention. The export of butter for the above mentioned period was worth only £342. It might be urged that the first four are the worst months of the year for producing butter, as the feed is dry and scarce and the weather hot. It is also urged that dairy-farming is not profitable in the absence of facili ties for irrigating the land, which is necessary to produce green feed and root crops. We admit that it is an advantage to have a good water-supply, and to be able to use it to advantage. But much may be done to make dairy farming profitable even in the absence of a liberal water-supply. The silo can be turned to account, and where skilful attention is given to the storing of ensilage an invaluable substitute for green feed or root crops is secured. Cows thrive remarkably well on ensi lage, and the milk is rich and plentiful. Persons who have not tried that method of preserving food for dairy cattle can have no idea of its value. A few acres of rich, well-manured land sown with oats would yield a heavy crop, and oats is preferable to either barley or wheat for ensilage, but it must be cut and pressed when green and in full sap. By each farmer keep ing several head of choice cows this colony would be able to show a large export of butter. Attention to matters of this kind should enable agricultu rists to hold their own while the price of wheat keeps low. On a farm where there is plenty of grain and milk pigs could be kept at comparatively little cost, and bacon-curing ought to be a speciality on every farm. This, however, is not the case, and what little is sent to market is badly cured, and many of the pigs appear to be of a wrong breed. The consequence is that colonial bacon does not hold a place in the market that it should do. These are matters that ought to receive great attention, but in reality very little heed is paid to them. Since Mr. Hawker's re-election as senior member for Stanley he has set himself to work to fulfil the promise he made on the hustings. He knows that he can do more during the present Parliament than he did in the past, because his experience will help him; and although the new Parlia ment is not yet opened he has been working in the interests of hie constituents. Clare, the oldest, largest, and one of the most important towns in the electoral district, has seldom been the recipient of Ministerial favors. We are aware that if every town received what it thought fit to ask for the country would soon become insolvent, for there are things which,while verynice to have at other people's expense, can and ought to be done without, or else paid for by those who receive the benefit. An instance in point is the waterworks connected with several country towns which are not paying full interest on the outlay. There are some things, however, that, costing very little, would be a great boon to a community and save them a good deal of useless expendi ture. Two or three Insolvency Courts in different parts of the colony are one of them. And our senior member recently waited on the Acting Attorney-General, in response to the wishes of electors, to ascertain what steps had been taken to establish an Insol vency Court at Clare. He will no doubt keep the subject before the Minister until the wants of the people are met in this respect. Mr. Hawker has also presented a petition to the Commissioner of Crown Lands from a number of residents of Snow town respecting his granting commonage for the depasturing |of great cattle. This is a very necessary thing, and it has our heartiest support. Until recently the resi dents have been liberally dealt with in that way, hut owing to the number of blocks selected by working men the original com monage area has been . considerably cur tailed. So far the Commissioner has done what he could and promised to obtain a report on the matter. A reserve of three miles around the township is what the petitioners require, and we hope they will be liberally dealt with. Clare is unfortunate in this respect, for it cannot boast of an acre of commonage ; but, being a private town, that is only one of the ills it is heir to. There is another matter we desire to draw the attention of our senior member to. The Conservator of Forests is about to have 1,000 acres planted with trees at the Bunda leer Forest Reserve, which will give work to about 100 men, who are to be taken from Jamestown, Gladstone, Port Pirie, and Laura. Thus Clare and the neighboring districts are excluded. We recently called attention to the desirableness of the State obtaining timber reserves in these ranges for future requirements, and we trust that the Conservator of Forests will be in structed to report on the subject. From the experience he has gained in the working of his department he is undoubtedly the best judge as to whether the scheme would eventually pay or not. We believe it would. And if so, a certain amount of re munerative work would be secured for our local unemployed. Buggy Accident. — On Wednesday afternoon, between Sevenhills and Penwor iham, a serious accideat befell Mr, J. T, Fickling. He was standing in the trap putting on his overcoat, when the horse gave a plunge forward. Mr. Fickling losing his balance fell head foremost out of the back of the buggy, and was rendered insensible. A boy who noticed him lying on the road ap parently dead ran to Sevenhills and reported the occurrence. Assistance was soon at hand, and Mr. J. Moran drove the sufferer to the Black Eagle Hotel, where he regained consciousness. A messenger was dispatched to Clare for Dr. Smith, who went at once and attended to the sufferer. On further inquiry we regret to learn that the injuries sustained by Mr. Fickling are very serious, he being paralysed, and in a critical condi tion. A Petition. — On Tuesday last Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P., presented a petition to the Commissioner of Crown Lands from 29 residents of Snowtown, asking for a com monage three miles round Snowtown, as a reserve for great cattle. The Commissioner promised to consider the matter, and for warded a reply in due course. Fatal Accident to a Bailiff.— On Monday evening last Mr. Lummer, bailiff of the Riverton Local Court, lost his life. It would appear that while out for a drive he accidentally fell out of his trap. The horse attached to the vehicle went home without him, and search was at once made, when the unfortunate man was found dead on the road near the township, bis neck being dislocated. The Yanyabrie Ghost. — The public of late have heard a good deal about the above 'spiritual' visitor, and as M.-C. Shegog eaid he found a clue to the rapping, Mr. 0. Hamdorf writes as follows from Quorn to the Port Auguata-paper :— ' Your correspondent who writes you about M.-O. Shegog having caught the little girl's hand and foot rapping on the box, and seeing me and the boys through the window of my house at Boolcunda Creek working strings to create rapping, is nothing but a lot of booah, and must have been written to make me look a fool. What a fool I would be to get up a hoax, and is it likely I would encourage a thing that would frighten my wife from living ia the house ? She being 6o afraid of the rapping I have had to move. The little girl says Shegog was never near her. Let any sceptic come again and watch for himBelf ; the rapping follows the child. I am not so stupid as to believe iu ghosts or spirits, still the rapping is to be heard, and I cannot account for it, but would he glad if some one could, as the mystery has driven me from my home, and is no laugh ing matter to me.' Glare Local Court. — There was only one case, Curran v. Stafford, set down for hearing at the above court on Wednesday last, and it was adjourned by consent until the next sitting. Fire at Laura.— On Tuesday afternoon a fire broke out at the Laura Hotel, but be fore much damage was done the flames were extinguished. A stove-pipe in one of the rooms got heated and set alight a parti tion, which was partly burnt. Adelaide Insolvency Court. — On Tuesday in the Insolvency Court the case of Messrs. F. G. Richardson & Co., of SaddloTrortb, Auotionoors, vraa adjourned for two weeks. Thomas Work, of Narridy, farmer, was awarded a first-class certificate. Cable Nbwb. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — The scrip of the loan of £850,000 recently issued by the Government of South Aus tralia has been steadily advancing in price, and now stands at £103|, that being a premium of 2§ above the minimum, or £ per cent, above the average rate at which the loan was taken up. — The Press of the City of Berlin iu commenting upon the ap plication of General Boulanger for a vote of money to enable him to mobilise one army corps of the French troops during the au tumn are now urging the necessity of making immediate preparations for mobil ising one army corps of the German regular soldiers at the same time, so as to be pre pared for any contingency that may arise. — Serious strikes have taken place in the colliery districts of Belgium, and troops are held in readiness in caae of disorder. At present no rioting has occurred. — The Colonial Office has received a dispatch from Sir Charles Mitchell, High Commissioner for the Western Pacific, dated April 13, confirming the reports as to the religious persecutions iu Tonga. Sir Charles Mitchell states that King George has promised to compel the natire chiefs to re spect the Constitution, and that he has also guaranteed that the religious freedom of the Weeleyan body will be respected. — It has been discovered that there is an enormous wheat ' corner' in Chicago. It is reported that the syndicate controls the chief American centres, and owns half the wheat in Liverpool. — The total quantity of wheat afloat for the United Kingdom amounts to 1,670,000 qrs. Larbikinism. — That parasite of society, commonly termed in the colonial vernacular a larrikin, has cropped up again in our midst, and, like the depressed times, is more free than welcome. For some time past we have been free from the depredations of larrikins, but the ' festering sore' broke out again on Wednesday evening last to the annoyance of peaceably-disposed townsmen. On the evening in question a gate on Mr. T. F. Reynolds's premises was removed from its proper place and conveyed to the Court house. Another gate in the immediate neighborhood was also unhinged, and on the whole the young gentlemen appeared to have a high old time of it. - It was a beau tiful crisp night for euch exercise. The black tracker was put on the trail, but so far he has not bagged his game. Football. — On Wednesday afternoon a scratch match was played on the Oval by members of the Clare club. Some of the players showed very good form, aud with practice will be an acqusition in the field. The ground in places was sloppy, and some of the.nien bad a few tumbles, which, how- , ever did not cool their courage. After j pluying for about 20 minutes half time was ; called, but as only a few turned up during ' the second half the game was abandoned, no goal being scored on either side. A mutch will take place on the Clare Oval on Saturday between the Clare and Sevenhills clubs. The following are the names of the players : — Clare — J. H. Tsrdif, T. Filzsimmons, H. J. Filgate, C. Clark, C. Reardon, W. E. Robinson, T. A, DuKieu, F, Baum, 0, Wiseman, R, Bell, S. Hoar, W. Hoar, W. Crabb, W. Currau, ? H. Bryant, M. Kimber, C. Ross, P. Naulty, G. Richardson, and E. Gooding. Emer gency— W. Kimber, T. French, R. Croll, and G. Moody. Sevenhills — J. Mahon | (captain), J. Streeit (vice- captain), Til lenger, R. Mahon, McCann (2), J., A., and T. Roachock, A. and J. Walsh, L. Streeit, Coxon, Messenger, C. Mahon, T. and J. Martin, McMahou, Cain, Costello, Scales, Trestrail, Moran, Jenner, and Horsman. It is expected that a few of the Sevenhills players will not be able to turn out. Sermons. — By a notice ia our bueineee columns it will be seen that the Rev. Albert Stubbs, minister of the Wesleyan Church, Clare, will preach two sermons on Sunday next, May 22, the first being a discourse to the young, and the second a sermon on tem perance. Nigger Jubilee, — Remember thenigger jubilee in the Clare Town Hall on Tuesday next, when 18 dusky performers will appear before the footlights. Epps's Cocoa. — We would draw our reader's attention to a notice in another column having reference to Messrs. J» Epps & Co.'s cocoa, an article so well-known aud universally used by the public throughout the world that it would be almost pre sumptuous on our part to say anything in its favor. It has been judged in the scales of public favor and not found wanting. The medical profession certifies that Wolfe's Schnapps is the purest stimulant procurable.. Sound Advice. When you get a good article note the brand. Persons should he careful to get Wolfe's Schnapps. 