THE STORYTELLER. HOW TTO\ 'MICE DID PLAT. By IjOcee Sxc-cxios. ts ' Haspes's Ba^aas.' The village of Spruce Creek o&nsiried; of ice Baznet bomesresa and tbe other booses. Tbe nomesresd was not rise wisest eot cy anT means tbe newest cwellli*^ in tbe TilLsie. fens it represented the aristocracr of tbe place. Whatever tfce omsSde worid knew of Spruce Creek it knew xhroniih tbe Barnex family. Into it h*d been bom a commodore, a Jcdge, and a Qsjjor-gsssr&l;, sud thas the navy, the law, and tfae army ksew of it. Whenever there was a great dinner, or a parade, or a sisxe innera! or recsps^oB. Sprace Creek always looked to see whether tbe rsanse oi Bsrpet was on tfae published list oi dignitaries, sad v&Jned; she occasion aecordingly And now still further glory fell upon it, ane it was nepsesentea in literature In most or tbe leading magazines tbere saddenJy appeared poems by BenJah Applegsie Baraet. This was s distinguished and distinctive name, as tfae commodore had been Keuben Apoiegate Barnet, aud tbe jnoge Benscai Apptezate iJarnet, and in this family full names were always signed. The only shadow tipon this new honour was tbst Beulsh did not live in* Spruce Creek. Her lather, who had been a younger brother of the general's, had eone to Denver, where be had married the daughter of a rich mine-owner, and had been engrossed in business at once. He was always intending to return home, but, unless his ghost accomplished the visis, tils intentions bore no fruit. He died, and his wife died, and they were buried in a tomb far more splendid than anythinsr Sproce Creek ever knew. The commodore, the radge, aud the general in turn departed this life, but they all slept together among the Applegates and the Barnets, and Miss Page and her stepmother lived in the homestead together. Miss Page Barnet, who was the general's only child, bsd always kept dd a friendly correspondence with her Western cousins, and, often invited them to visit her. After Beulah began to justify her claims to her name. Miss Page warmly suggested that the ' homestead was the proper place for three young; unprotected orphans, and ur?ed them to ' come home' She was, however, hardly prepared for the instant and warm reply she received to this invitation. Aland., the eldest, wrote as once, and told her bow dearly they loved her for such a thoaght. and that, by the most fortunate chance in tbe world, a capitalist wanted a furnished house, and he was going to buy theirs a= it stood. So Spruce Creek had again a genuine sensation, which it felt was perfectly legitimate, as it came through tbe Barnets. The young people had not been in the village twenty-four boors before it was decided that Maud was a Barnet, and looked like her cousin Page. Beulah was an Applegate She had their soft yellow hair and brown eyes, with dark lashes and brows; but ! Wilbur, the boy oi seventeen, probably looked like his mother. This, they all felt, was a pity, as ne bore the Barnet name, and ought to have looked it. The Denver Barnets were delighted with their new home. Their aunt Phtx-be was jnst sweet, and their elderly cousin Page was everything that was kind and good. The homestead im pressed them at once. The Jarre rooms, the great square hall, the low broad staircase, and the handsome heavy furniture delighted them. The silver, the china, was in turn declared delightful, and almost the first thing Beulah said was, 'Oh, cousin Page, what possibilities you have in this house !' Before many weeks they were perfectly at home. There was a ' new phaeton, and three saddle-horses, and a groom. They made a tennis-court, and for ten miles around the country waked-up. There were music and singing, and sometimes dancing, in the old hcuse. They made up riding parties and picnics, and Miss j Pase learned to play tennis, and she forgot all her old games of solitaire, and if a partner was wanted she danced. It surprised her to find how she enjoyed pleasures which seemed to belong to young people only, but it all made her feel older. The rush of youthful life around her isolated her, and when she danced with a young iellow whom she remembered as a baby, she felt as if, to make amends, she ought to go upstairs and get out a cap and glasses. And it amused her when Ehe was reminded by their questions that these college graduates, men and women, who knew so much more than she did, and knew that they did, did not remember anything of ' the war.' And she — well, she stopped telling stories of the great men whom she had met, because too often a suddenly abstracted yet intent expression suggested1 that her auditor was calculating her probable age. Her cousins never offended in such ways. They accepted her forty years as a self-evident disadvantage, but loved her in spite of them. And so they took her on the tide of their younger, more progressive life, and Miss Page liked it The one drawback to the new order was the upset condition of the house. In former days, when a zoom was fixed it was ' fixed,' and there was no need of further thought concerning it. Now a room was in the order— or disorder— in which it happened to be left ; chairs out of place, the piano opened and piled with music, windows without nets, curtains crooked, rugs anywhere, hats everywhere but on the hat-rack, and books and newspapers in all directions. Mis3 Page could have borne all this, and she did not mind straightening a room every time she entered one, but it annoyed her to have so many alterations suggested. Beulah even drew plans for putting a bay-window in the library, and for throwing into the parlour a little room where Mrs. Barnet kept prefcervcs and barrels of sugar and coffee, and where Miss Page made cake. Wilbur wanted to move a grape arbour so as to enlarge the tennis-ground, and when his cousin hesitated, he offered to pay all the expenses. To Miss Page the Barnet house was as finished as the Great Pyramid. The house belonged to her and to her stepmother, but it was practically Miss Page's. Mrs. Barnet was the second wife, and so seemed like a modern wing to an old building, a postscript, as it were. The whole '.Barnet family and the villagers looked on her as only a second wife. The mother of Page was the real Mrs. Barnet. And she realised this, and never pretended to interfere as a first wife might, in the affairs that were purely Barnetian. And bo -the summer passed. The cousins were perfectly at home, and took as much interest in the affairs of Spruce Creek as anyone else did, and certainly added very much to its social life. \ ? ;? ' .-. ?'? '..-.?? ' ' ; ? ? ? ; In September Miss Page was ill. She had neuralgia, and night ' after night lay awake groaning with pain. The doctor gave her pills, powders, and drops,, but she did not 'respond, and he ordered her to the sea-shore. .-.-??'?' ? ? .- ? She planned to'stay two weeks, but the weather was charming, ?the sea-air did her good, and so she determined to give one more week and perfect the cure. Then .the :' whole family wrote to her and begged her to stay just one week more. Not one ot them could '* bear the idea of her coming back while there was a twinge of pain left.' So, greatly touched: by this eager affection, to which Miss Page had been a stranger since her mother's death, she stayedstill another week. When this was almost gone Maud wrote to her and bade- her come on the 28th and on the 5.10 train from the ctty, through which stie would have to pass. Thishusi ness-like and peremptory epistle surprised her a little. There -was not a word about her health, and ahe read between the lines, '?Now that we are ready to have you, come.' But Miss Page was ; not morbid or distrustful, and she smiled over it and obeyed. : It was dark when she reached Spruce. Creek, but Wilbur was waiting aejthe station, and seemed delighted to see her. There was a suppressed excitement in his manner that flattered and pleased her no little. They walked along tlie; road and in at a aide gate which gave them a short-cut through the grounds. 'Let us go in nt the front door,' he said; ' you are too distinguished a stranger to take any meaner entrance.' As they reached tbe porch the front door was thrown open, and a golden light shone oat, and a white, slender figure darted into it. It was BenJah. She stood there, slim, and youthful. Her1 gown was oi some, soft woollen stuff, and was in straight lines excEzs whse & heavy eco3 sirc^ h^h ancei hex arms fell in a Securioa© « xbe side aiad gathered It »P-. _ v,,,~™~ -Wbx, vca look like a rocrare,' cr.ea Miss Pare, n*rryins ?««a£ Sadden!^ she sic^i^d, snd a =sy peal ot laughter szeered ha Sise sscoa like iLe *«3y wh^ ?* xrent to church one idsy_- sad 'kcaHdabo** sad kofced auwmd,' ana xeaMr would sj&rass; ss soea bare seen s cesd rssn en tue ground as what sne -Sd see. , ,, ' Tee Hcaaessead' hsd vsnsshed. In its stead was a house all cok-ci, bT^tuess, sr-d 'orie-a-brsc. Eveiyiiiin? that was ot the Barnes ar-d t£-e AppfessKS hid cone. And gone was its aristccr&cr;, aud its dii^iirf oi are ard of birthright^ i£i5s Pare stood frozen by tie horror of the si=M. The king wao saw sn empty space where shoald have been the palace of fas caccbter, the Princess Aladdin, was not more shocked than sbe oow was. . Bni the horror in feer fees was taken for snrpnse, the sickness of he&zi; thsi made bar biain whirl ttss read as admiration, ana Maod came jrayiy forsraid and bsde her welcome. ' Cc*m.~* she said—' oc-me see what a transformation scene we itsve prepared fox yoa. Confess. Cousin Page, is it not lovely ?' 3Jiss Paae couM hot sreak. She was so sensitive and tender tiaat sbe'cbuld not tell these happy, loving faces how hateful the hosse looked, and she was too honest to deny herself. 'It is s great surprise — '* she besan : and then she lookea at the little group, and smiled. They were all so picturesque ! Msod was in a dress of pale dull yellow, and around her throat, and wrists, and waist, was a curious embroidery of pearls. Mrs. Baxcet had a trailing dress oi brown brocade, and the finest and softest of thin muslin was wound around her head into a turban instead of a cap. They all stood in front of the door leading into the parlour. Miss Page, looking in, saw a room new to her. All the paintings were gone, and a new paper covered^ the_ walls. The heavy curtains were down, and long soft folds of dark red silk had taken their place. As she looked she saw objects familiar to he-, bpt in new places. The chairs were covered with Chinese embroideries : over the aim oi one sofa hung her own mother's India shawl, and on another was a tawny South American fur robe. On a table wa3 the leopard-skin from the library floor, and in the corners were fans and parasols, and in a recess stood a great earthen jar of blue, in which the Barnet house-keepers had for generations been used to make their pepper hash. In it were now two Ions stalks of cat-tail. On the mantelpiece there was nothing but shells, brilliant in colour, and heaped up as if they were bricks. They took her into what had been the library. By what name it now knew itself she could not imagine. The heavy bookcases bad been carried away, and in their place there were some little bamboo shelves, on which were books, flowers, and corals. Where the general's sword had bung was an Indian bow and arrows. The piano had been moved to this room, and the old stove carried away to give room to the great fireplace, which Miss Page, for Ihe first time in her life, now saw. In it, on a pair ot great fire-dogs from the garret, blazed a fire of hickory, 'which produced a temperature of about eighty-six degrees or more. The flower-stands from the diningroom windows stood off in dark corners, and tbe old spinning- wheel, brilliant in modern gilt, and hung with ribbons, was in a window. The shades were gone, and pieces of red and old gold striped matting, rolled, and held by pale green ribbons, curtained the windows ; and on the table where for generations had rested the family Bible was a great piece of yellow coral from the earret But what most surprised Miss Page in this room was the table set for dinner. It was certainly a very pretty table. The cloth was pale yellow — it was her choicest lunch cloth — and down the centre was the heavy plush border embroidered with white lilies which had once formed part' of tbe parlour lambrequin. Ferns trailed over the cloth ; dainty little jugs from toilette tables upstairs now held ?what once formed the contents of the massive and now banished caster. On one side were arranged some easy-chairs, and on the other a sofa piled up with cushions. Miss Page recognised the large square table which had always stood folded in the hall, but it seemed to her lower, in spite of the impossibility of cutting down the great clawed feet. ' :Now,' said Beulah. holding her cousin by the hand. ' we will dine like reasonable people, and each meal will be a poem. We will no longer go into a stiff dining-room, called by a bell, to feed ourselves. But here, in this lovely room, with our life around us, we will have what will give us spiritual as well as physical vigour. And if we are not all here', a tap'— and she lightly touched with its wooden hammer a small Burmese gong —'a single musical tap will give warning that the table is spread.' ' Then this is not the dining-room ?' said Miss Page, feebly. 'Itisthe 'living-room,'' cried Beulah; 'we have restored that full, significant title. It is not a library, a parlour, a sitting, nor a dining room. It is our liviiif/'TOom, Cousin Page.' * ' And we are going to live simply,' added Maud ; 'we are not going to proiane it with horrid greasy smells. Our food is to be pure and sweet.' ' Hay, for instance?' asked Wilbur. . Maud looked sancily up at him and said, 'If you crave it, dear.' Then they led her into the large, well-lighted room which she remembered as the dining-room. A heavy curtain hung across the doorway, and Beulah paused before she raised it. '! IPto tnis room,' she said, 'we do not admit the world, j Ihis is our family-room. In it are what we as Barneta prize. I) am sure, Cousin Page, that you will like this arrangement.' . I o 'Miss Page it seemed like the tomb of the Barnets. Faith ful to the central principle of unity and harmony, everything here was heavy and massive. The windows were draped by the damask curtains from the parlour ; here were the bookcases, and a great carved secretary which formerly stood on the second floor in the hall. All the family portraits were gathered together from different parts of the house, and the General's sword hung over the mantelpiece, with the Commodore's hat above it. On the brackets and or. tbe top of the bookcases were scattered pieces of a set of silver once presented to the Judge, borne ancient samplers were fastened below the windows. ' And you see, said Beulah, pointing to some framed certificates of .. eu niemDersh'P9 in Bible and Foreign Missionary societies that we didn't disdain even these tokens of the individuality of our ancestors. And Maud is going to paint our coat of arms on a tile that we will let into the mantelpiece instead of that dread iul marble scroll, and I have already ordered from a heraldry office a proper family tree, which we will hang upon an easel which is to be made of those muskets from the Revolutionary .war. ? ? .;??;.;;. ::--. ?? ..??:. ?;.-_., ' It is easy to see,' said Miss Page, ' that you have explored the garreta. , ; , ?' ? ' Every trunk and closet,' cried Maud, 'and oh, what lovely things you had put away !— things from all over the world.' ,,. B*OUE!P. by the commodore,' added Beulah, possibly for Miss Page s information. 'It was the coral— that great piece in J?e~*^'*vinK-room»' continued Beulah, 'that gave us the first idea. .VMlbur went up into the garret one rainy day and explored and_ 'etoougnt the coral down, and told us of all thoseChinese embroideries, and so we went up, and we explored, and we brought flrst one thing and then another, until we began to see that-we were introducing a new element, changing the character oi the house, and so the idea grew ; and own, Cousin Pace haven't we surprised you ?' oii»faKe, ''You certainly have,' said Miss Page. ' And pleased -you ??' 'Mumma,' cried Miss Page, suddenly, turning to Mrs. Barnet cannot I go to my room? Had I not better go there ?' 1 h o;ltn? r(l followed the party from room to room. She appeaTshe'cametohS86 Wllh nnXi°U3 W ftmrno* at tblia | Bhi'S°tjSS?-i8 Chfmgeci there-' shQ aftid* ' te* he- nl0'e- e\t\a ; | i Now, for the first time since she. entered the house wiiTD''' m elt at home. Either because they had not dared to mysrfr 8e E because they had not time, the girls had not touched Mira pJ1 °r I own room, and she hardly knew whether she was crvinc»f8e 8 I pleasure or pain as she sank down on her faded blue Ionium m saw all the familiar furniture in its place. - But she Wi been there long before there was a gentle knock at her dnnr not, Mrs. Barnet came in. uor« an-I ' I was afraid you wonid not like it. Page,' she said ' Like it !' cried Miss Page. ' Oh, mamma, I do not rpo i, you could let them do it 1' . not 8ee h°w ' Indeed, my dear, I had no idea they meant to go so far nna do you know, I feel as it they rather took me for granted Th did not consult me much, Paee.' ' ney ? At this her step-daughter smiled. People were apt to take M» I Barnet for granted. - Jur* ? ' They might have thought of me,' then said Miss Page I ' They did ; they thought of you in everything. Yon hav* «~ I idea, Page, how often they said, ? Would Cousin Page like t^ I do you think ?' ' . B| I ' H'rn,' said Miss Page, I 'They fancied you would be delighted. And it w rathei- I pretty, don't you think?' she added, with a timid eagerness that I was bent on finding some ground of conciliation. I ' I don't know,' Page replied, ' I might think so of some new I plebeian house. But our house, mamma, the Barnet home I stead ! Why, everyone knew at once that it was the home of a I family of blood and breeding. It spoke for itself.' I ' You won't — ?' ' * I ' Oh no,' cried Miss Page ;' ' I won't disturb it to-morrow I But they must understand that it won't do — that the old order I must be restored.' I ' Well, then, just for the present' I ' But a very short present, mamma.' I But the Barnet homestead had not yet exhausted its surprises I for Miss Page, and when she went down to dinner— called by the I musical, lingering gong from Burmah— she fonnd a stranee I gentleman in the 'living- room.' He was, however, strange to I her only. With all the others he was evidently on the moat I familiar terms. When Miss Page entered the room he was I playing ' cat's-cradle ' with Beulab, and this frivolous game I usually records a step beyond the primary one of the holding of I zephyr. He was a tall man with blonde hair and Shakspearian I beard, but he was not young. When Beulah introduced him as I Mr. Dunbar.and told Miss Page that they were so much indebted I to him for all kinds of help, and for suggestions in altering tbe I rooms, and they that never could have accomplished so much I without his assistance, the helpless victim of their cruelty I concluded that he was an artist . But before long she discovered I that he was the ex-Governor of a western state, and had come I east to put his little son under medical treatment for threatened I blindness. Miss Page despised flirting men, especially if they I were married, and at once she retreated into an icy silence. Then she discovered that for ten years he had been a widower. This bit of information was skilfully given by Mrs. Barnet, as they drew away from the fire with the nuts. ;?? Before many days had passed. Miss Page became used to Mr. Dunbar. She could not help it, as he was alwajs coming and going. His littie boy was never happier than with Beulah, who read to him, and taught him songs, which he sang in a clear, sweet soprano. The little eroop of three, the father, the boy, and Beulah, interested Miss Page. Had Mr. Dunbar been a bachelor, Miss Page might have thought him too old to marry I Bealahtbut a widow or a widower are relatively so much yoariger than spinsters and bachelors of the same age that she felt she could not object on this point. And soon she began to feel that the ex-Governor was a man to whom a woman might well trust her future. When Beulah amused the little Charlie, the father talked to Miss Page, and she found him kindly, wise, and full of cheerful philosophy that seemed to be tounded on strength and experience. ? One day he drew from her the story of her discontent ; ' I am not at home,' she said. ' I wander around these rooms like a visitor. I feel like a poor relation who must count up her blessings whenever her discontent or discomfort threatens to choke her. I used to dust and arrange the rooms ; now I ???am almost afraid to touch anything. Yesterday I turned a fan around, and Maud cried out that I had broken a beautiful harmony by putting the blue instead of the red side out' ' You ought to banish, the 'girls, and surprise them when they return,' he said. ' We have no right to shout for the new king before the old one dies.' Miss Page shook her head. 'They enjoy it so much, Bhe replied ; ' and I could not condemn them now to an order of life that they would feel was formal, and, as Maud says, false. No, she added, with a little sigh, ' the only thing I can do will be to marry them off. Then, after they are gone, mamma and I can restore the old order. But' — and then she sighed again— I should miss them.' , Mr. Dunbar looked a little keenly at her. He fancied that now the shock was over, Miss Page had her own unconscious enjoyment of a freer, brighter lite. ''? ., One day she told him that the night she came home she conla not sleep, and about one o'clock she came downstairs to get. a pack ot cards. ' Of cards ?' he repeated. , .' 'Yes. I used to play solitaire when I was nervous— before the children came— and I thought maybe it would tranquillise me. But I could not find them. At last I opened the drawer ot the table on which the family Bible has lain for generations, ana there I found the cards, and Wilbur's poker chips, and everything they use in playing.' ,'. 'Yes,' he said ; ' we put them there as we found them, Miss Beulah and I. You played your game ?' ? ' 'Yes.' ' What did you play? I like solitaire.' ' The Salic law. You play with two packs, but the queens are ot no use. You put them aside.' , ,1a At this he laughed ; but that evening he brought out the enrcis from the desecrated table drawer, and made Miss Page teach him the Rome. ; . They had many such little confidences, and Miss Pftg.e uegtm to feel as if she had almost a mother-in-law's claim upon him. ' ??'.??-?'' * ? i t One day he came into the house as she was at work in wiiac had .been the oarlour, but was now, the ' red room, biie wiw sitting by the window sorting over yarns. .. ( _ ?- '1 am glad you have come,' she said. ' I am watching ior Beulah: When she comes I shall have to go upstairs, unless you will take her out again and keep her tor awhile.' 'Why can't you stay here?' , „„,, „ '.' Stay here 1' Miss Page repeated. 'How can you ask sucji n question? Do you think I should have the courage to sore on* scarlet yarns in a crimson room i£ Beulah were present . ''Come into the next room.' 'No; Maud and Mr. Lynn are there.' 'You would disturb a greater harmony ?' 'Yes.' Then he sat and watched -her for a while. ' How long has Miss Beulah been gone ?' 'An hour, at least.' ,., . - .r Then, after a time, he asked another question : ' When is wr. Lynn going back to Denver ?' 'Next week.' ? 'And Miss Maud's marriago is not to be at once? 'No, not until next spring.' , nii.ey He got up and began to move some bronzes on a table. * ' had once ornamented the mantelpiece— a well-balanced, sy' metrical, row of three pieces— but they looked 'so convention'' and devoid of idea ' that they had been scattered on t*°\ea. .. * carried them to the mnntel, and moved Borne of tbe snens, »- put them in place again. ' Do you like that better ?' he asked. Misa Page looked op, and her eyes filled with tetuft, ''^Twould ' she answered, 'if my father's picture hung there as it used to do irom my earliest memory. '''No^'The^nBVvered:' 'I would rather have all different, if thIn^SSStSWbackOon the table, and sitting down by her, fook her scissors, and began to snip bits of her scarlet yarn on the iloor. He! ! was leaning forward, with his elbows on his kn.f when the cirls marry you'll have your old home back,' he anid 'That is still your dream-?' ? ~- ;--?- ? -.--,.... ''Yes ; but it is not altogether a pleasant one. I love the Miss Pflffe laughed at this. '. ' Botli of them ?' she said. ''Yes both of them. '.I do not' know two lovelier, sweeter mrls But Mrs. Bnrnet loyes- Beulalrbest.' ' So do I,' she said in her/turn.- ?' 'I am sorry,' he said, *' but do you love her so well that you ! will refuse to consent to a-' little plan I .want to propose'' i He laid the scissors down; and .looked at Miss Page. I ' No ' she answered, 'I; will not. I love her, but I do not ' mean t'o interfere w4th her happiness. ','. ? ' - ' Then you would consent to. r»art with her,? ' With whom?' cried a.gay voice at the door. . 'Whom is it vou are going to part with? Not. Jane, Cousin Page, when we hove just got her trained so beautifully.?' Miss Page coloured violently. . She hardly knew how to mee't the situation, with Beulah, all flushed and. rosy, coming in on the scene, asking about the servants. 'Oh, no,' she hurriedly replied — 'not'Jane.' ; , ? . ? . ' Well, it can't be Melvina. Neither you nor Aunt Barnet could eat a dinner cooked1 in-your .'own house by anyone else.' Then noticing lor the first. time the confused look in the eyes of her cousin, and wishing by an entirely absurd joke to turn a sub ject into which she had so thoughtlessly blundered, she came up to Miss Page, and leaning.over her chair, said, with a little laugh 'Perhaps it is 1?' y . - ' To her surprise, Miss Page turned . her head and looked up. Her face was now almost colourless, and a light that was neither calmness nor happiness shone inher, soft grey eyes. ' It is you. dear ! We were talking of your marriage.' 'Oh, no ! cried Beulah, darting around- the chair and falling on her knees as she took Miss Page's hand in both her own. 'Don't talk of that, Cousin Page ! I do not want to marry— not now, at any rate. 1 want'-.to stay here in this lovely- home, and write a book. You know1,' and she turned her pretty head and lookedupattheex GovernorjWho was still standing,' what I have often said to you, that a woman ought to try and do her best work while she belongs to herself— before she is under the in fluence of another person.' You don't know, Cousin Page,' she continued, ' because we have never talked on the subject, how strongly I feel about this.*- So don't let us ever say a word about marrying until I have justified my individuality.' At this fine phrase, uttered by a very pretty, very fashionably dressed young lady in a new walking-dress, with a charming hat on her soft hair, both the'ex-Governor'and Miss Page smiled, and with a hot blush Beulah answered the smiles. ' But I am very much in earnest,' she said!) 'I do not doubt it,' Miss Page replied, taking hold of the round little chin and turriing.-Beulah's lace toward her own eyes ; ' but, my doarie, when it, is a question between happiness and individuality ido not allow happiness to be the sacrifice ;' and then Missl Page gently loosed her hand and : moved as if she WOUld go. .-*: '? : '?'.'- But the ex-Governor sat. down in the chair in front of her, and Jenned over toward P.eulah, and took her hand. 'Are you my friend?' he said, with a grave smile. .. The girl-nodded her head, and' her eyes sparkled with mischief. Miss Page saw that she' did not understand the gravity of the position. ;-? '?';?- . i\ ,\ v ? 'Then range on my side no,w,'^he said, .'and help me when I tell you'thajb your cousin was mistaken when she said we were talking of your marriage.': It was a* marriage, ' he hastily added, 'but not yours.' ;?? ? '? ?' * ? ' Miss Page stood up. In her eyes were pain and confusion. ' I am sorry,' she said — 'I am sorry I- misunderstood you.' ' Whose' marriage was it, then^ Mr. Dunbar?' said Beulah, who was still kneeling. . _ ' It was her own. I was just trying to ask her to marry me.' ' Ask me ?','; cried Miss Page. ' Yes, you ;' and he came to her and took her hand. ?' I wanted to ask you if no other home could be sweet to you — if you would not consent to go away ; with me, to leave Beulah in the homestead in the care of her aunt, and to let me make a new home for yoii.; It would -not be the Barnet Homestead, Page, but it would hold the present instead, of a cold dead past in it, and I should try to make.you very happy in it' 'Oh, it is hot possible,' snid MisB Page, drawing her hand away, and stepping back and leaning against the table on which one of the bronzes stood. ,' 'I have no thought of marrying. I am not young.' ' But I want you f.o think of it: and you are younger than I am.] ?' .? ' . - Beulah had jumped to her feet, and she ran to her cousin and put her arm around her. ; , ? \ 'Oh, Cousin Page,' she said, 'it would be lovely! and you would be so happy ! You were never meant to petrify in this old, old house.' ? ?? - 'Believe her,' cried the ex-governor, taking both her hands in Ins own. ' Come with me, Page. Leave the Barnet house to its ' ghosts and to these younger people. Come with me, and you ] will see how sweet and perfect your own life, can be. Trust me, #?? you nave 'ever yet lived your own life.' ! 1 hus surrounded, thus encompassed, with Beulah's arm around jier ana her eager eyes 'beaming down on her, with her lover's . nnncls holding both her own in a firm grasp, like nothing she | had ever known, what was Miss Page to do ? . ..I one looked down, with the colour rising in her cheeks, and tnen she looked up into Mr. Dunbar's eyes with a frank and modest grace, and with a.proud little gesture that well became a nnugnter ot the house of-Barner, she drew her hands away and slipped ofl from Beulah's tender arms. t fUo,.y°n think,' she said.un a voice soft yet full ot pride and or leeling, 'that such a; subject as this ought to be discussed before witnesses ?' ?.'.'?.-' ? The 'witness' laughed, arid in,her turn coloured at being thus arraigned as a trespasser,, and at once she ran out of the room. 