? TABMJ —Thursday, the 29th of July, 1887, will long remain a red letter day in the "'asmania. r It _ _n the evening of th at day, Johp George Ravies, member for Fingal, would address the House ph the financial statement, vast crowds as* aembled j iq fact, the House was packed in e v e iy » T » ik b ic « ^ tO hear the wttris of wisdom from his lips. As eoon ae it wfiS i that he was about to commence, tffitted the Ministry with not having commenced retrenchment by first reducing their own salaries (of course be reduced his own when Mayor), wap not displeased at the downfall (4 the latp fiovernigepb png hoped some of them would never be in power again, they were leeches, the present Ministry would do like the late one, they had a tragedian and a low comedian, the Attorney-General was the bloodthirsty yillain of the drama. The listeners were spell bound, their imagination parried them back to the time of Demosthenes, when like a rude awakening from a dream, the voice of the junior member for West Hobart was beard to call the attention of the House to the fact that the hon. memher for Fingal was reading his speech. Rhode of *pouglaa behold your euocessor, miners of Fin gal1 hearken fo the voice i— 1 “ Your member1is reading his Speech.” Citizens of Hobart pbseyvjeyoju1late Mayor and weep) The apdigppp listened with breathless excitement, the Attorney- General rises and mores—what f Why, th at the hon. member for Fingal be allowed to read his' speech". Spectres of Fort Arthur, arise! 'Ghost of our forefathers, con a forth, and,behold. youraucceBsormay r ^ ' i speech! Thg hon. * were offered ; sadness wore obi§rred' . . . fanes of the Opposition. Listen, oh shade of Walpole! behold an orator ipdeed. in wuum were is n o g n u e; Tasmania baa a man above pnoe. H irtl hv quotes 6hake»peare— • vilUin WJih ® smiling cheek—goodly anplp, rfltten to the core. At thisr point a flow *n the vicinity was heard to moan in a loud manner, thinking she hoard the volop of her offspring. He resumed \ he W0» favor of a poll tax on Chinamen, but oould (the hon. member waxed wrath), and of oourse forgot that a tew 4*yg before fop wag desirous of bringing the servant girls under th e clause of imprisonment in the Master and Servant* Ant. I t is useful to have a bad memory at times | b ut the electors of Fingal ........ will*not forget, . „ whistle of a steamer blew three ■thngi,: the audieaoe smiled and cleared out, praying for an early dissolution of Parliament, and a scarcity of such members as the one fo Fingal.—Yours, etc., HUGH KIRK. 