; A Ghost Story Mr. G. F, Underbill, in 'Time,' writing upon the subject of the super natural, gives the following:— It is often said, and truly so, that stories in relation to apparitions are apt to become exaggerated in the recital: but there is a story which I heard from the principal actor in it, and which cannt be regarded as the result of a spectral illusion, so incomprehen sible, that I am tempted to briefly narrate it, only promising boforehand that it shall suffer no exaggeration at my hands. It is a common saying tb.atagbO3t is aristocratic, and, like most common sayings, there appears to be some element of truth in it. At all events, many of our noblest families boast of the possession of a familiar spirit, which is supposed to appear on certain occasions, and for certain ends. An acquaintance of mine, Mr. P ? who has earned for himself a world wide reputation as a scholar, and who is a man devoid of the slightest sus picion of fanciful imagination, was in his younger days private tutor to the heir of one of the oldest houses in the peerage. He and his pupil were in the constant habit of going out for country rides together. One day they were riding down a lane, on one side of which was a large field of some fifty acres in extent ; there was no barn or hayrick, not even a tree, or any object in the field which could serve as a hiding place for any person, but every part of it was everywhere visible. In the middle of it they saw what ap peared to be an old peasant woman, who was crying as if she were in great grief. Kindness prompted them to ride into the field to see if they could relieve her distress in any way ; but when they had reached the spot where they had seen her, to their surprise she had utterly vanished. It was broad daylight, and, as I have said, there was no place where she could possibly be hiding, yet she had by seme unaccountabe means disappeared. Naturally they were puzzled, but supposed she must he somewhere about and did not wish to be disturbed in her sorrow ; no idea of the mysterious occurred to either of them, nor did they for a moment dream of anything in the shape of a spiritual visitation. So they rode away. That same even ing the pupil had a headache, and did not come down to dinner. My friend, Mr. P ? , in the ordinary course of conversation narrated the incident which had happened to them during their ride, when, to his amazement, the countess, the mother of his pupil immediately screamed and fainted away. During the scene of consterr nation which naturally ensued, one of the gentlemen turned round to ray friend, and exclaimed, 'Good gracious, P ? -, do you know what you've said?' Astounded at the question, Mr. P ? replied, '.No; what do you1 mean?! Why, that old woman whom you saw is always .'supposed to appear to the heir or the family Mora death. Mr. P ? said nothing, but thought the whole affair was an idle legend, inven ted by the- vulgar superstition of the Middle Ages, and to which no credence should be given. The young heir had never heard of the legend, and after this incident the grestest care was taken that it shou'd not reach his ears ; nor, so my friend told me, did it ever come to his knowledge. Tet within a few months he died. Now Mr. P — -had never heard of this family ghost or banshee, nor was there any conceivable reason for. his imagin ing what he saw. - This case, therefore cannot be treated as an ordinary hal lucination ; ; but must, I think, be treated .as the mysterious result of Bome magnetic power. My own idea is, that the organisms of my friend and his pupil were both susceptible to some form of magnetic influence, ex cited by an individual spirit, or being without a corporeal existence. 