Australian Tales and Adventures. No. S3. THE TRIPLE GHOST By Alexander Montgomery. "What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghost?" It was Jack Mirtin who put the (jycution. as be leant over iho fence of the home-jinddook at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. Jaok—his local capacity of stookman to tbe contrary notwithstanding—was a gentleman; there could be no doubt of that. Good educa tion—good manners—good heart—but not that important something which is so tersely yclept " ballast," Bnd fat lack of which—to carry the figure further—the argosy of Jiok's existence had suffered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. But, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty sonla to tako the world more easily than tbeir fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old blue Bbirt on his back and an archaio " cabbage-tree " over hia good-natured countenance, was as cheerful as if ho had not been tho son of an aristocratic Lincolnflhiro rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred young women in far-away England. If Jaok was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of incredulity upon tbo faces of his listeners soon gave way to tbat look of breathless fixity which tells of tho power of the born raconteur. All this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I can testify that the story made a deep impression on mc at the time. It may not likewise affect you, but at anyrate here it is. "It was six years ago," said Martin, and jnst after I'd bad that cropper over the wire fence at Carmichael's on As I've told you before, I was pretty well smashed up on that occasion, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that astonished the doctors—who, between our selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 was able to get abont again protty well. Then I bethought mc of a fellow who had come into a bit of money while be was working with mc on Carmi chael's station. Either a Swede or a Nor wegian he was—with Halk Bjorren for hia name. A deoidedly queor fish ho was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as he and I bad been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew his place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in tbo sea-air would bo just tbe thing for mc. 11 Well, to cat matters short, another week found mc abont a hundred miles up to the northward, at a place called—l think— Whandamo. That's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter much, for it was a miserable dog-holo enough — stuck in the middle of a scrub-covered flat, bordered on one side by low B.indhills. Boyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. As in deed, perhaps it bad, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, from time to time, and theWhandamo people had some curious tales about the gho?ts of the drowned, and bo forth. At "these, ot oourse, I laughed—but not for long I " I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that ever befell mc in my life. "Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of Raying that I was welcome, ho made mc feel it, which was better. Indeed, he was a man who never said much at any time—a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed oreature, who always suggested to mc a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton'a Riccabocca, and who was not without a fair share of Ricca boeca'B learning either. I know he was well read in tbe classics, for one tbing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ him?elf in anything bnt mooning about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. " A dreary shore it was; nothing but sand and scrub as far as tho eye could reaoh. Put mc a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; but, as you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for tbat, and ao for a couple of daya I wandered abont, thinking of old times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the sand hills I should sea the spire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far across tho fens. " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the place, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising ont of the sea, like — but that's what everybody Rushes about, so I'll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when sho was fairly np it was easy to see that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind 'mc a shriek so blood- curdling that I Btarted violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea- water. Nor did I think ot picking it up, for when I turned round, I saw a eight that drove everything else clean out otmy head. Within aboutthree hundred yards ot mc, and running in my direction, was a woman. A small, slight framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran. No I—she was a tall woman, with a white dress, and what seemed to be a knifo in her hand. No f I said to myself a second time— wondering with a swift flash ot the mind it my sen?ea wero leaving me—as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of mc and still running on. A tall roughly-dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his left hand—l saw bis face distinctly—white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over hia shoulder as he came. "Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from mo, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left band to his right. That broke the spell 1 There was something so natural and human in the action that my wits came back to mc in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, bnt I could use it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to übo it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle in both hands—the man was gone I"—and Jack, with true dramatic art, came here to a dead pause and began slowly to cut up tobacco. "Gone?" I asked. "Run away again, do you mean?" "No, sir! Gone I—disappeared I—van ished I" " Come, come, Jack 1" I said, laughing. " That's the stereotyped Bort of thing, you know t You ahould have finished things off with more eriginality I" " Don't it strike you," said Jack, gravely, that it's just because I'm telling the troth that I haven't finished off, as yon say, in a less atereotyped manner ? Were I stuffing you, at vre say hereabouts, nothing wonlcl have been easier than to give matters a mora original turn;" ? ' ') " I'erhapa you had soma ' hard stuff' with yon, and saw double?.' said Billy Anderson, tho rod-nosed little cook, who was a thirsty soul, and spoke according to his lights. " Siw trrMr, yon mean !" put in the store man, who was the wit of the station—- " though that'd but a four insinuation." Martin shook his head. "No boys,"he said. " Strange to say. 1 hadn't at that time tasted any l'qaor for over four months. If I; wasn't downright out of my mind lor about' thirty seconds—for it all passed in tb?t timw —I paw cxiotly n:hnt 1 tell you, and cxaolly ?s I to'l yoo.V . . " Was there nothing th&t; could have con cealed the figure?''l o?ktd. Nothing. Flat as thu palm of your hand for half a mile on every side of roe. But hesr me out I" and, having lighted his pipe, Jaok hitched himaolt further upan tho fence and went on— . " I oannot de3oriba to you how I felt. It seemed to me as if the whole scene around mo had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have changed into some awful thing—some fearful personality, if you understand me—that kept glaring downwards on mo as- I made the beat of my way hack to the hut. " Here I saw something that wasn't at all calculated to steady my nerves. Bjorrcn was aaleep, and apparently dreatninc —some awful dream, by tho look of him. His hair—very long and'shaggy it was—was tc.sacd all about the pillow, and his face was streaming with perforation. He kicked about, too, and; struggled, and at last ho cried out something' that made mo Btart onoe more. ? The axe 1 lie said—'the tomahawk I My God! phe'a, down I' I went over and t-hook him till he woke. ' What's tho matter, old man?' I said.: : Have you been dreaming ?' He cat np, shud dering and wiping tho damp from his face.; ' Dreaming !' ho said. 'Yes, thank God it was only a dream !' Then, wbenhehad come, round a bit, he told mo liia dream ; and—you may believo mo or not, lad?, said Jack, slowly and deliberately—"but this is what he told me." " He thought first, he said, that ho saw far back into the early times of the colony, and that three pcrsonfl, a man and two women, occupied the very hut wc were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that 1 theeo were the sole survivors of a shipwreck, and that tho man had built tho hnt out ot wreckage. The man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger of the two women, and thus aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who was his wife. And sow, as the dreamer saw them, a quarrel aro?e. A quarrel whioh grew more and more savage, until tho injured wife snatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed screaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit ; sands she fled—after her the maddened ; avenger with a knife, and after her in turn the faithless husband with a tomahawk." - "Kipidly the second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, until the hunted woman was overtaken, and threw herself down upon her knees, screaming wildly for; mercy. She did not receive itl The fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival,, and, holding her down by main strength—cut her throat t It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess could rise to her feet again, the husband arrived upon tho spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from hia left hand to his right, he drovo it fiercely into his wife's skull. Down she went beside her victim, and lay there as motionless—and as dead—as a log. Tho man, too, remained aa motionless, after he had Btruck the blow, aa it be bad been turned into Btone. For a few moments, that is; then he flung the toma hawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, bo lost not a moment, but,, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon ; the roof, made a line fast to the rude chimney, and hung himself I " Suoh was?jorren'a dream," went on Jack, after a pause, " and I leave you to guess what effect it bad apon me, coming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morn ing came we examined the outside of the chimney, and found, Bure enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inch made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line the murderer hanged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion; all I know is that I've described the matter exactly as it occurred, and that I cleared out of the accursed place that very day. As for Bjorren, conoludcd Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, " he may be there yet, for all I know. Ha was just the sort of chap to suit suoh ghostly work, but one such fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the eight of tho full moon." This was true enough. We had all noticed and laughad at the peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described is a point which I have never— whatever yon, reader, may do—been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however; induced me to think it possible that the whole story -was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling—though wa knew it not—on the V6rge of insanity. No* is this supposition invalidated by the art with which the tale was told, since it is a matter of common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direction, a pkill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. ? ? ? * * * ? In the month of February '75, or about fourteen months after bearing the Btory I have here leproduced, I was on ,my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and bad got as far as Jelligap, on the Macdonald Kiver. Just before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pulled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon a little crowd round tho hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushranger?, and it was with some thing like disgust that the Jelligapians learned it was only a lunatio the troopers were after. A man on Colonel Masterman'a Varuna station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of bis mind, and, after firing twice at the overseer, bad mounted hia horse and taken to the bush. " We're bound to bavo him before morning, though," said one of the constables. "He was seen taking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him." And so it proved. About eight next.morn ing the troopers rode into tho township again with the lunatio—still on bis own horse, but bound and handcuffed—between them. Some thing in the poor creature's face struck me aa being familiar. I went closer. Good God I —it was Jack Martin ! "Jack!" I cried. "Jack Martin—yon know me, don't you, old fellow ?" He ? laughed cheerfully. "Ob, yes," ho said, " I know yon quite well. You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with your wings, though ? Excuse my not raising my hat, but you see"—with a glance at hia bonds—" there are serious mechanical diffi culties in the way 1" " Where are you taking him?" I asked the troopers. ? " Magistrate and doctors, first, sir—then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum ?" And to Britbane Asylum poor Jack went; but be didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Briabane, and called to see him. " Martin ?" said' the clerk, turning orex the leaves of tho book. " Martin, John. Ah, hero it isl Admitted, 23 February; died, 27th. Four deva tjterwards, you see." I did eve; and saw. too, that it was belter to, - 