tilt 'ISaKaUai'uc ©irnes CAROO, WEDNESDAY. MAY 18, 1887. JUBILEE CELEBEATTOSS. A few weeks ago we suggested the necessity for taking steps to in some way celebrate the Jubilees of Her Majesty's reign and the founding of this coluny, in our own district. It is gratifying to find that already active measures are being adopted with that object m view. Our Moonta friends have completed their arrangements, and have hit upon the happy idea of having a medal of Moonta copper specially struck, for presentation to each child joining in the procession. At Wallaroo and Kadina meetings are to be held this and to-morrow evening respectively, for the purpose of dicus sing the subject. At present there is some diversity of opinion as to the precise form of the celebration. There is a general consensus of opinion that: the main feature should be a proces sion in which the children, connected with the respective schools should join. But while some are anxious "tp have a united gathering on the race •coarse at the joint expense of the unvtis, others feel that it would be much better to have the demonstration in the towns, and for each to aeteepar* ately. And we must confess,' that, jailing a united gathering of all the towns, the latter view appears the most feasible. There w# several reasons that may be advaneed in or of each town acting alone, butfcfoe roost powerful is the fact that in the middle of June, and * season eo wet as the present promises to be, the whole undertaking if carried out on the race course might collapBe, or acci dents might arise through a number ■of children getting wet, that would arob the celebration of all pleasure. However, if undertaken in the towns, there are the Institute Halls and pub lic schools which might jbe called into requisition, and the-Jubilee'Could thus Ve celebrated, no matt^ivWtfw ^rr^ it^night be. We would suggest ^t^a^h inHhe forenoon there be an assembly] when all the people,,, led by the chil drgji, should sing first the National I.Anfchein, and then the Soiig of Austra lia. After this a procession of chil dren^ the different Orders in the t.twDs aud others could be formed, and marched through the principal streets, after which refreshment could be dis pensed, or anything else done that might suggest itself to the Committees. The most important feature, however, should be the singing, and we take it that the first duty of any committee that may be formed will be to appoint in each town someone to undertake the work of teaching the children, and leading them on the day of Jubilee. ShbciaXi Burs to Kadina.—A special bus. wi}] leave Wallaroo this evenig at 6.45 for Kadina, returning after the concert. 'EkaHTM.—In our report of the concert at Wallaroo Mines. Mr G-urner was credited with a recitation. It should have been Mr . Gummow. Moonta Philharmonic Society.— The Moonta Philharmonic Society will give an other of Iheir popular concerts this eveniig, at which Mr McMillan, whose elocutionary powers have won for him golden opinions, is expected to contribute two of his best pieces. Celebrating the Jubilee.—The Mayor of Wallaroo.Has called a meeting of all inter ested, at the Council Chamber this evening, for the purpose of deciding the best means of celebrating the jubilee in oarotrn town. The Mayor of Kadina has conve»"d a meeting in the local Council Chamber for the same pur pose to- morrow evening. St. Mast's Chubch.—-On Sunday last the Rev. C. Wood, who will probably be the successor of the Be v. R. Kenny, M.A., to this parish, preached at Christ Church, Kadina, in the morning, and at St. Mary's, Wallaroo, in the evening. There were good congregations, and those present were highly pleased with the discourses. The School Savings Bakes,—Mr Jas. Malcolm, Chairman of the Local Board, in forms us that the progress made by the banks is Tery satisfactory. At Wallaroo Bay 160 accounts opened = £8 Is 6d, Kadina 123 ac counts—£5 7a 2d, Wallaroo Mines 109 a« oounts=£3 8s 9d ; making a grand total of 3C2 accounts=£16 17s 5d. The chairman has received letters from other districts asking for information on the subject. We are pleased to see the deep interest taken in the institution by the children themselves. Bibi® Christians, Moonta. Minks.— Special services were held on Sunday, May 15, in connection with this Church, when sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev T. Piper, and m the afternoon by the Rev J. Goodwin. On Monday evening a public meeting, presided over by H. R. Han cock, Esq., was fairly.attended. Mr Stephens, the Treasurer, presented a statement which showed that the liability on the Church pro perty had been reduced by £45. Alter this addresses were delivered by the Revs Potts, Goodwin and Piper, the Cirouit minister, who is announced to give a lecture this '(Wednes day) evening, entitled " A tnp to the Sun, and what is to be seen there." Special Services.—Special Services were he'd it' connection with the Wallaroo Mines Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday and Monday last. On Sunday sermons were preached morning and evening fcy Mrs Taeseli, of North Adelaide, and in the after noon by the Rev. W. Bullock of Kadina. The attendances were not so large as was expected, owing chiefly to thp wet weather, and the muddy roads resulting therefrom. A public meeting was held on Monday evening, presided over by Mr D- Bewe. The speakers were the Revs. A. McDonald (one of the ministers of the circuit), W. A. Langsford, and Mrs TasselJ. Music was rendered by an efficient choir, and altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. Death i&om; Typhoid.—We regret to re cord the death of MiiBter Arthur Opie, eldest son of Mr W. Opie, of this 'own, from typhoid fever. Young Opie, who was an iatfliigem lad, was a compositor in the office of this paper. About four weeks ago he complained of being unwell, and the doctor was seat for. It was found that he had all the symptoms of typhoid, and was treated accordingly. At first it was thought that the attaok would be mild, but when the fever left him he was so weak that bo gradually tank, and died on Saturday night. The funeral took plaoe on Sunday and was largely attended, the juvenile Oddfellows, of which deceased was a member, walked in procession in front of the hearse, four of his fellow workmen from the office acting as bearers. Great sympathy is felt for Mr and Mrs Opie in their ead berearment. The Sjxvebton Line.—The Silver Age of the 14th inst says:—" We have received a telegram to the effect that the South Austra lian Commissioner for Works " expects" that " both the Silverton end Penola railways will be handed over to the Government on June 1." We do not ktiatr about tbe Penola rail way, but concerning that to the border (which we presume is what is ment by the " Silver ton railway"), we have heard so many assur ances of this kind that we have become some what sceptical, and shall believe in the line being handed over when that event takes place, and not before—even should every official in Adelaide, from the Premier down to the hangman, aud everyone on the railway, from the contractors to the humblest navvy, combine to assure us as to any other date. The Sooth Australian Government can Dot get much more from the line than the 20 per cent, tbey now enjoy, and they probably don't consider the indirect losses the colony sustains by the present system." Sating-Lira *T Sea.—The committee ap pointed by the Board of Trade, on the sug gestion of the Imperial Conference, to formu late proposals with a view t" inoreasing the safety of life at sea, have presented their re port. It is recommended in the first place that all wsels sailing from the ports of the United Kingdom with emigrants should carry with them boats in a certain proportion to their tonnage and the yumber of passengers and crew carricd. The minimum capacity prescribed has been increased to tbs extent of 100 per cent. Besides this it is recommended that it should be obligatory on every ship to ! Carry sufficient life-saving gea/ to be of servico in Saving the passengers and crew in case of | emergency, fhe Board of Trade will take | these recommeniiatipns into consideration b<> I fore conferring with thfi 4-dmiralty. j- National Baii/IP Coscsjay, Kajhna.—It will be seen that the National Bnllad Concert which attracted so large an attendee? at Wallaroo on Wednesday last will be repeated io thfi Kadina Institute Hall this evening, in aid of tfefl food* of the Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural Society. We understand that there will be a re--arraflgpnsent of programme, and the introduction of some npyr songs. One feature will certainly be new to a j^adina uudience. The town has had Bnglisb, Irish, -a#d Scotch singers, aid many others,- but a lfcuiing audience has never had an opportu nity Xmfors si listening to pure Welsh songs and chorus6«, Sfesre no doubt that the promising season hu Reared the hearts of those who take the greatest jg&rest; in the Agricultural Society, and that they wjjl fhow their gratitude by patronising the concert. TiftB pndert&king; entailB a good deal of labor on tfoa-p&ft; of tbe performers, and the only recompense fkfif peck is. a hamper, house. SiB J. W. Do-W££-^=-Tt-e Adelaide cor respondent of the Areas JSxpfess says "Talking of the Ministry/'wjlj Sir John Downer, K.GM.G. find his Ministr/ in power when he returns from "satisfying Ibe! «xig<¥ic}ei of the Empire." Poor man!—the 1 sense he eo^ertaing of the tremendous weight j attaching to fau u/tterotieee, almost made him i weep when he stood up J?^ra the Conference, j He always gives you tbe idea a man who is in awe of his own greatness. Jflks &£$l}Qmett le has impressed his relatives with the eamk ] j^elief ; and tbe other day one of bis brothers1 aetutiily'wanted the decision io aCasepostponed until- the Court could have the benefit of the. Attohiey-Grenettl's counsel." Speaking of Sir John's opening speech the editor of the JZapunda, Selald say • -•—It jyasjust as well that Sir John did not express his feeijngs in 4lie language of enthusiasm and rhetoricj for. if the :prodiiot ojP hi8 deliberate thought was eo j falsojne in its humiliating flattery, bis langu age riiust haTe onttosdjad JjoadyisJB onder the ' inspiration of the moment. Sir, then Mr, Jo£n4ra8.nrj loving to Her Majesty, and his ipeeeh reimnilB us that gratitude is not always retrospective, bat bat been described as a sense of favors to come. Moonta Benevolent Society.—The first meeting of the newly appointed Committee of this Society, was held on Friday, May 13, in the Council Chamber, when there were present the President (Captain Deeble), Treasurer (Mr W. Cowling), Secretary (Mr W. J. Phillips), Messrs J. Beaglehole, Wilkinson and Uffindell (Committee), Revs Goodwin and Wylie and Mr D. Archibald, ex-officio mem- bers. Apologies were received for non-atten- dance from Captain Hancock and Mr J. Clark. The Chairman handed in the names of two new subscribers, and the Secretary acknow- ledged the receipt of one guinea from Captain R. Cowling. Several applications were laid before the meeting reported on by the visitor, seven of which were from residents on mineral sections, and were dealt with as follows:—No. 1 was voted £2 ; 2, 30s ; 4, 30s ; 7, 20s; and 8, 30s. Nos. 3 and 6 were not entertained, and No. 5 deferred until the next meeting, the total voted being £7 10s. Mr Wilkinson tabled the following motion for the next meet- ing—" That in future relief be not granted to fit subjects for the Destitute Asylum." The Secretary was instructed to call future meet- ings when practicable, on the first Tuesday in each month. Mr Howe and His Detbactobs.—Our Gladstone contemporary is sorely exercised just now regarding the remarks made by the Burra Record and ourselves in the matter of j Mr Howo's treatment of the deputation from ■ the unemployed. The Areas Express is j satisfied, h"wever, that Mr Howe will be able I to explain everything satisfactorily '' when 1 the proper time arrives." This seems ex I tremely problematical. Mr Howe's oppor tunity has passed. If he was right, then, Mr Bray must have been wrong in the action h* took next day. And if the latter was the , case, then was the time for Mr Howe to have j put his foot down, es this appears to be the modern style of displaying one's indepen dence- We should be extremely eorry to hurt the fce'ings of the farmers of Crystal Brook, who have always been living examples of all that is consistent and unselfi*h. But in their action they have made the mistake of trying to •' strengthen the hands" of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, instead of rendering thaf- assistance which would en eouraee him to " put his foot down." Mr Howe has eyidently got on the hornB of dilemma, and the mistaken kindness of his constituents is merely adding to his discom fort. The Government SxrtB of Advehtishtg. —The Narracoorte Herald says •" When Mr Jenkin Coles arranged the leasing area in the South-East, with a limit of 3,000 acres or so to be held by one person, it seemed as if this part of the colony had at last got a iand law which could be relied upon as being per manent for a few years, and which by means of the compulsory residence clause would pre vent further increase of the very large estates. A good deal of trouble was taken in various ways, to make generally known the details of the law relating to this area reserved for leas ing, but so far the results are not conspicu ous. This may be partly caused by the law ^ being repealed almost as soon as it was put | into operation. The Consolidated Land Act ! of last year (which, up to the present, is, we ' believe, the Jaw on this nuhject) made several ] alterations of importance in the method of j dealing with this Area, the ohief of which is 1 that as much as 20,030 may be held by one person under 14 years grazing and cultivation j lea#e. A sale of about 640,000 acres within this Area is advertised—(if a notice in the j Government. Gazette call he called an adver tisemen!) to tako place on May 19. This sale ; is typicHl of the difference in the ways of J managing private and Government business. Two months ago about 11,000 acres of land at Glencoe, near Mount Gambier was to be j leased. The object of the owner was to obtain tenants and he therefore advertised extensive ly in nearly all this papers of the colony and several of Victoria. This sale of 1,000 square miles of Government land is apparently being managed by people who don't care whether it is a success or not. It is unreasonable to sup pose that the list of the sections in the Go vernment Gazette will be seen by more than half a dozen persons interested in the 6ale and ; yet beyond that notico there have only bsen two or three two-jnch advertisements in some of the Northern p'ipers. In the four South- j EaBtern papers, tho Victorian and South Aus- ! traiian readers of which will provide at least j more than half of the purchasers, there has not been a single line of Government notice." The Chubch avd the State.—Referring to the above the Christian Weekly savs — The address of the Rev. S. Hebditch at the recent Congregational Meeting has excited no small amount of interest. This was to be expeoted from the comprehensiveness of the address, and also from the very pronounced manner of dealing with the subjects included. We agree with Mr Hebditch iu most that he says, especially in reference to religion in the State. It is to be measured by the number of religious people and the amount of religion in them, rather than by the dimensions and costliness of "any Church organization, whether recognised and supported by the State or otherwise. The true Churoh is to be found in all the isms, and for any individual Church to speak of itself as " the Church" to the exclusion of the others it simple and supercilious arrogance. The designation expresses " bigotry, intolerance, and false hood." We do not wonder that Mr Hebditch should speak of such a Church as being "the greatest enemy to Christ." The criticism of Dr Kennion, the Anglican Bishop, wsb chiefly technical, and did not, in our opinion, touch the soul of the address. We were surprised, however, to find Dr Kennion pitting Mr Hebditch against Paul in reference to th* remark, " The Church is the greatest enemy to Christ." Dr Kennion must have misunderstood what to most common people is plain enough. Challenged to take our choice, we should eleof Mr Hebditch and Paul, beoause we believe they both recognise as the true Church all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Were the latter once again to visit this world, we have no doubt his strictures on the Church ot Mr Hebditch's condemnation, the Church of an exclusive, intolerant, and persecuting spirit, the Church built upon national statute and 8tafc«-made creed and ritual, would be even more severs than any we liaye yet listened to. Destitute Matters at Moo5tri.—Our losal correspondent writes on Tuesday :—Mr Lindsay of the Destitute department in response to letters sent to tho Bosrd by the Counoil and Benevolent Society, with regard to the case of a man who was not in a position to bury one of his children, inter viewed the Mayor (Dr Jann>s) this morning at the Council Chamber. Mr Lindsay Baid he was sent by the Board to know the wishes of the Council in destitnlo matters generally affecting the neighborhood. The Mayor explained the position of * flairs and pointed out tlfo portion and the disadvantages arising from having always to communicate with the Officer at Wallaroo in cases of emergency, through having no responsible person in the town to grant immediate atsis^ tance—such as the case referred by the Council. Mr Lindsay informed the Mayor that Mr Bennett (the looal officer) had power to make a# order in such a case if he thought 6t, in support pf srbich he quoted two items of £4 fis in the yea* 188#, and one in 1886 for interments. The Mayor said he uiujer stood Mr Bennett to say he had no power to make an order. The deserved ness of the case or otherwise was not disoussed. What the Gfii^ncil desired was that some one in the town shfiiflj? be appointed to take the res ponsibility and direct in all esses. Scores of appo«Is had been made personally to him oy perjqns requiring relief where no satisfactory reasons had been assigned for cutting off or refusing rations. Mr Lindsay said inoreased relief in tb# Moonta district had grown daring the past 'twejye months something like £244. He did not care £o express an opinion on the case referred to until Mr Bennett had sent in fcis report, but he said if sucfi a cafe arpse in the ci*y where a man was in receipt of 85s per week and was not in a position to bury a member of "his family he would get the person to fign an agreement for the repay ment of eipenppt by instalments, and give «xi order for interment.- The contract price fop burials-by the Board never exceeded 2 If, a»d he expressed the opinion that greater economy should be observed by those who were left; in Blmost destitute circumstances. Instead of spending £8 for burial purposes it would be better foj? tbpse left to save half this sum. Mr Lindsay promised to lay; the whole matter Jjefotfe the Bofrd when they_ would communi cate the reSuit to the Council. Soft weather. A pliable Government. Sunshine and shower. KESPEOTABixrry defined. Crisis in the Fiench Ministry. Mr -Fuener off to Broken Hill. D^BTErokiON increasing atMoonta. . Owen Terrace to .be madefy contract. Mr Honrs has had to raise, his foot again. MooNTA Philarmonio Concert this evening., The South-Eastern lands withdrawn from sale. Mi E. T. Smith has returned from Mel bourne. Mr Lindsay from the Destitute Board at Moonta. Wheat at Moonte advanced threepence per bushel. The fencing on Milne Terrace being pro ceeded with. ' What shape is the local jubilee celebra tions to take. Moonta wants a responsible relieving offi cer of its own. Wallaroo will contribute over £30 to the Bulli relief fund. ^Government Geologist recovering from late railway accident. The Wullsend miners have voted £700 to Bulli relief fund. National costumes and songs, Kadina Institute to-night. Gawxer is troubled by a strong crop of larrikins just now. Rainfall registered at Moonta for May to the l7ih is 2.533 inches. The Jamestown people are going to have a half holiday on Thursdays. The Company's mill at Moonta now short of wheat but plenty of water, Queensland mine ventures are being floated in ^England by the dozen. The Eev. j. A. Dowie has been making an ass of himself in New Zealand. A good deal of theory about the disadvan tage of doing work by contract. The contractor* for the line from Silverlon to the Border have out a silver lode. The Alma mine, Wnukaringa, turned out 386 ounces of gold during last month. Heads of families getting rid of their res ponsibilities by going over the border. Sales of British Consols are reported ut £103 5s, the highest price ever recorded. Jubilee meeting Wallaroo Council chamber to night, and Kadina to-morrow evening. Property holdeis in every town before long to be called on to support their own poor. The Mayor and Corporations of Hind marsh have forwarded an address to Her Majesty. Respectability to be consistent should include obedience to local Boards of Advice. A miner named Samuel Spear fell 160 feet down a shaft at Broken Hill, and wa6 killed. The King of Tonga has promised that christian freedom will be respeoted in future. The local mounted infantry to be asked to take part in the demonstration on Accession Day. Destitute subjects who cannot provide themselves with olothing, &c.;, must go to the Asylum. Oub Wallaroo amateurs appear at Kadina this evening in their National songs aud tableaux. Playful Irishmen, live Welshmen, and bare-legged Scotchmen at Kadina Institute this evening. The Pastoral Beard has still a lot of country to deal with. They are now off to the west'ard. Mr Howe returned from the Ninety-mile desert, and affirms that 10s per acre is abund ance for clearing. The present Government have a happy style of of making their own view« fit those of a seeming majority. The rainfall registered at Moonta to 17th instant is 2*641, and that for the wholeof May, 1886 was only 1*560. The Adelaide parsons are engaged in preaohing at each other just now on the theme started by Mr Hebditch. The whole of Zululand, with the exception of the newly formed Bepublio, has been pro claimed British territory. The owner of Maud S., the renowned trotter, has refused £20,000 for her, and says ho would not take £60,000. The new President of the Mo&nta; Benevo lent Sooioty made a good beginning. Two new members first meeting. The Mount Barker people have decided that their lights shall not be hid under bushelfl during the exhibition. 10.000 volunfeors and 5,000 regular troops lined the route taken by her Majesty to the opening of the People's Palace. During the lsBt fifty years the commerce of Great Britain has increased in value from £172.000 000 to £642,000,000. PlilCE of wheat at home had an upward tendency until the improvo prospects of the home crop were mado manifest. Yes, day labor is preferable in the matter of drayman, when you can get one quiet enough to come out for a quarter. The farmers are "jubilant." This expres sion, if we are not mistaken, has been used once or twice sinoe the recent rains. The New Zealand Government are giving the unemployed work clearing land, at which it is supposed they will earn 4s 6d per day. Mr Paknell arrived in London on Friday from Ireland. He was indisposed, and pro ceeded to Boarneraoulh for the benefit of his health. The Maitland Farmers' Union has dis covered that the Government are spending too much on the public establishments in that district. Colonel Godwin, who belonged to the Staff in the early days of our present "Volun teer system, has been entertained by the offi cers of the Militia. The Port Augusta paper says the reports of the Government F-esident of the Territory are always set in the key " Man never is, but always (is) to be blessed." A faulty rail has been discovered on the Sills line, not far from the scene of the acci dent last Easter twelve months. Repaired in time to prevent accident. Mr Pendleton has actually got a two color bill announcing excursion trains for the Exhibition. His medical adviser i« holding himself in readiness for a sudden call. The Czar of Russia has received the com forting intelligence that be hna been sen tenced to de&tli;, and that 50 Nihilists have been selected to carry oat the sentence. As enquiry by an Age reporter has elicited the fact thut even after the iate accident ODiy one out of the eight guards complied with the regulations in carrying duoger signals. The Presbjtery of New Zealand in a fit of liberality has granted the first church, Dunedin, permission to introduce instrumen tal music, in tiio shape of an organ, alias a " kist of whusseb." The British steamer Cormlua, which left Barrow-in-Furness, England, on February ]3, with a full cargo of etnel blooms for Amerioa, has not since been heard of, and has been given up as lost with all hands. New claims fur injarios in Victorian rail way accident continue every day. The doctors declare that the patients are pestered by lawyers and their clerks who are anxiouB to push business in this direction. Mr Bbat is said to have exhausted his stock of *'soft soup," and will now be com pelled to pontine himself entirely to " Oily gammon" in his dealings with inexperienoed new members and pliable old ones. EliiilOTi R. Finoh, of Gawler, ieeling the pressure of bad times, hit upon an easy way of making £2 5s, by opening a letter. He will spend the jubilee season in the study ol geology in the vicinity of Adelaide. A report just published by Dr Eck shows that the ayeragp rate in European Russia is 68 percent, higher tb^g in England, rhis means that roughly speaking, three Eng lishmen live as long as fiye Russians. . Muttaby discipline in Germany is now so severe that if a beetle crawls down a soldier's baclf vyhile he is in the ranks he musn't even shudder. He h^p simply to "tand still and hope that the brute will orajyl up $gain. Those northern'electors are peculiar. After the elections are over they Bre r.t a loss to know how the wrong men-have been returned. Still ontsidera are not allowed to vote; how can these miscarriages be accounted for P. JlTDSS Cooper, who threatened to close his court at Townsviile (Q.) in default of pay ment of his expenses, admits that he might I have recovere$"the amount by legal process; but he knew too much about the law's delay to sue. ' Had our Premier's emotions npset him after he saw that first speech of his in print tnere would have fceeg no occasion fojr surprise. There are degrees even of^twaddle, and this effort certainly does not stand either first or second.- . - v ^ Haitdoef, the German,, who has the sole possession of a very lively ghost at Booclunda Creek, Is indignant because it has been sug geated t.faat the "eerie t ie itor". isofhie own manufacture. Hamdorf is evidently not Protectionist, -A-1* English flketoh 0/ oar Premier says that he comes from a family of lawyers ; just as if the Downers had never "been known apart from that exalted calling, ITow, this is piling on the agony just a" leetle" too much for old colonists. Db MoGiynn, the Catholic priest who was suspended for endorsing' H^nrj George's land policy, haB entered the lecture field. His theme is " The Cross of the New Crusader, the Fatherhood of God, and the Universal Brotherhood of Man." A Mrs McDonald in Viotoria has obtained a verdict for £150. because of injuries received on the railway platform from a lamp truck wheeled by an cnergetio porter. In the past we ha.e oUt 0f the w of thoge machines; we shall change our~tuct;os. As Jiord Rosebery is still anxious to have a Tew leading colonists sent as representatives lu . j .House of Lords, it is thought steps should be taken at once to desnatch Messrs t/Oglm and Hardy, unless the Central District positively refuses to be comforted without them. A shock has been administered to England's Civil Service Commissioners by the discovery that certain wise gentlemen make a business ot passing examinations under the names of men not so wise, and hand over the passes and clerkships secured by their wisdom to their less brainy employers. _-The People's Palace at Mile-End-road, East London, the foundation stone of which was laid i» June last by the Prince of Wales, wasformally opened by the Queen on Saturday. I he Prince and Princess of Wales and several other members of the Royal Family accompanied Her Majesty.. . ^HB "V-editor of the Christian Colonist, vindicates Edith O'Gorman's mission. Rev. editors are noted for their peculiarities. They know the full meaning of «Blessed is the peacemaker, and probably in their efforts to stir up denominational strife they are acting upon vhe medical theory that "like cures iike. Db CocKBtTEir waB so overcome at the Jamestown social that he assured those present he had never changed his views. This is satisfactory. We felt sure the chance of front manifested at Mount Barker, was not the Doctor s fault, but his misfortune in natiur^ " feeder with an accommodating Abchdeaccw Dove has giTen another example of Christian charity on the question of separating Church children from Protes tor. He evidently b-long* to the same school as the old Scotch baptist, who said in answer to a querist, that his principles were the same as the Apostle Paul's, except that le (the baptist) was a " wee thing strioter." An official statement has been published to ri°™n Robinson has entertained 11,000 persons since he came here. We scarcely see what-benefit this will prove to the Governor. The public gauge these mat ters by comparison, and no other Governor has been foolish enough to take notice of gos sip to the extent of publishing a copy of his housekeeping accounts. .i ,itory £0es that a sprightly young thing playing in the pantomime at Brighton, England, received £100 under unconventional circumstances A rich maie resident first sent ner ioO, and later on his wife put in her £50 lust »o show there was no animosity. This is fa,"at t,me on record that one woman has come forward with such a substantial mark of esteein for another woman's understandings. ■No further light has been thrown on the mystery at Port Newry. The Harbor- master reports after a careful examination that the ! flat's and marks clearly indicate a complete survey. Ihe residents state that the marks ' were made by three sailing vessels, and are Clearly not th« work of the Government gunboat Palumah, which was engaged in hood^ W°rk °" the COasfc an(* ne'gfebour— The New Zealand bill to give the Parlia mentary suffrage to women has been printed. I It is entitled " An Act to Exteud the Right ! o. voting at Elections for Members or Repre- j sentntives to Females." It is, states the New Zealand Herald, in effeot an amendment of qualification of Electors Act 1879, and pro vides that all women of 21 years of age and upwards shall have the same right of voting I as men ; that the names of fem- iles shall be placed on the electoral roll, and that they ' sha have the like rights and privileges, and ! shall be suofecc to the same disabilities as ' males. 