The people of New South Wales have certainly a most unique way of doing business. It is not one thing nor another thing, but it is everything she puts her hands to. We all know how stiff mju uaa oeen over a iui of things. Euch as (he New Hebrides affair, the annexation of New Guinea, when, had she united with Queensland, we might hs,*,'o had all the eastern half of ?-??e island, the federation of the colonies, theit union for defensive purposes, and so forth ; but few were prepared to see her act such a silly part in the matter of her own centenary celebration, the day is close at hand. On the 20th day of January, 178S, Governor Arthur Phillip landed on the shores of New South Wales for the purpose of establishing the first settlement in Australia. On the 20 :h the whole party were removed from Botany Bay to Fort Jackson, where they landed at the deep water core now knowD as Circular Quay. A flagstaff was erected, upon which tho Union Jack was hoisted, the marines fired volleys, the health of His Majesty and the Royal Family was drunk with encores, and thus the infant colony was founded. Of coarse, a hundred years is a very long ime, and if the colony has grown some what grandmotherly it cannot be helped ; but it is particularly unfortnnate for the rest of the group that she has also become ; so ill-tempered and crotchety, blocking the way to federal action in a manner that is becoming quite alarming. She came out in the Soudan affair, and quite recently she sent home a Jubilee address of loyalty ; but thise demonstrations cannot be the outward and visible signs of an inward spirit of love and loyalty, or she would not be so unwilling to unite herself with the adjacent portions of the Empire for purposes of national poli-y. As an outcrop of her internal workings she already supports a literary production called the Republican. Of her popula!ion about one-third is Irish or of Irish descent, and that perhaps may in some measure aff ird a key to the prevalent feeling in certain quarters— forlhewrongs of Ireland touch a chord of sympathy in the hearts of not only her more favored sons in the colonies, but also in the heart of colonists generally. One cannot help observing that there is a feelir.g of unrest, and a want of decision on public questions which augur un favorably for the future destiny - f New South Wales. While such feelings o' unrest prevail, it is impossible to foresee what may occur at any moment. Now that the Bight Hon. Mr Dallev has practically retired from political life, there is no great leader left but the venerable Parkes, whose able rule is well supported by the present Parliament ; but there is a strong under-current of opposition which may break out on the surface when least expected, and may end in disaster. We think that the experience of the past is enough to justify our conclusions that New South Wales will be the first to cut the painter— and that ere long. For years &he; has maintained an isolated atti tude, refusing to fraternise with the other colonies in any federal reform. Her Par* liament has been a disgrace to all Aus tralia for its low, riotous behaviour. [ Her best men are dying out and are being replaced by stump orators and republican debaters of a very questionable stamp. One of the strongest indications of & revolutionary spirit is the indecision of the public mind on every great s ubject Only a year ago the electors returned a Parliament of protectionists. Shortly afterwards they reversed their decision, and packed the Assembly with free traders. And now again, irresolute to the last, Bhe has lost the chance of celebrating her centenary in a becoming manner, all owing to the unsettled state of the public mind. Sir Patrick Jennings' Government pooh-poohed the centenary celebration at the proper time for taking initiative proceedings, when probably all the other colonies would have responded to an invitation to take part in a manner worthy of our present s'anding in the world ; but every proposal which emanated from either the Tress, the Parliament, or the people of New South Wales was over ruled by a majority of discontented grumblers whose filial love must be down to zero, or they woald not have hestitated to seize such a grand oppor tunity of drawing the empire together on the beautiful Domain which overlooks Port Jackson. The International Exhibi tion of 1879 gave ample proof that an invitation to Sydney, on such an auspi cious occasion as her lOOih birthday, would have called forth a hearty response both from the foreign Powers and the varied sections of the British Empire. The Garden Palace was destroyed by fire, and the cost of constructing a suitable edifice stood as an excuse for the opposition of some person?, but that excuse was a very ! lame or.e indeed. The time, however, has uow passed, and it cannot be recalled, i Victoria does not intend to allow the centenary of British settlement in Aus tralia to be lost in obscurity. She is doirg what New South Wales ought to have done ; and it will ever be a blot on the fame of the latter colony that she failed to do her duty on such a memorable occaeion. Still, at the eleventh hour, the Sydney Press is teeming with absurd proposals of how best to celebrate the centenary. Sir Henry Parkes suc ceeded in getting an Act passed through Parliament to enable the Governor to set apart some land near Sydney, now lying comparatively waste, of not less than 640 seres for a park, to be called ' The Qaeen s Park, and to ba opened to the public on 20th January next. Within this park it is proposed to eiect a huge buildiug, to cost £150,000 tho object of which, and the uses to which it is to be applied, are quite undecided yet. The building is to be called ' The State House ' — a rather significant name, de cidedly suggestive of tho days that are to be, rather than of those that have passed since. Governor Phiiiip iaudod at that re nin kabiy semi-circular basin of deep blue wa'er into which the little creek emptied, which still meanders through the Botanic Gardens. Bafors oLe-half of atother centu'y pisaes, we venture to predict that Nuiv South Wales will ba a Kopublic— 30 tlm this iiija of a Sta'e House is not so absurd after all. The British Empire will :-u:vivo the shock ! We only hope that Nrtiv doUi.h Wi.'ch — v.'h-j l.y the way is in ni a i;-jw uaisc — will rola.n hor f-i -.- trr.de. policy, and h:1.^ our potatoes ...... ,r, -? jy *h? i-s ojjIv a z':s0 'a. -ha ccior-iss. Laotcdston Hospital Board. — The monthly meeting of the Hospital Board v. ill be held on Thursday, August 25, ikai#*d of Thursday uoxt as usual, At the late meeting of the Launceston Cnamber of Commerce, held on Tuesday last, a very important question in the shape of the money voted for the opening up of .the West Coast 'svas* discussed, at thg instance of Mr J. Thompson. He spoke at some length, and very pertinently too, on the shabby, .and . .absurd , way this part of the country had been treated on the present estimates. He pointed 'out that the only road recognised was that from Marlborough to tho Linda, for which £2000 was allotted— a road which would have one great objeot for the South, namely, that it would diverge the tide of traffic in that direction. The sole prayer of the great bulk of the West Coast miners has been for some attention to be paid to a good track fjom Waratah to the several recognised mineral localities, as that has been proved to be by far the most practicable. It is the miner who has had tb tramp through this 'dark con tinent' with his -601b ewag, in the teeth of a West Coast uianirL, tC ' where fleams the glorious metal In a thousand mines,' who knows where the track should be. Strange is the fact also that when about 15 miles of a track from Waratah to the Linda had b5en constructed the work was stopped, the .policy of the Govern ment being evidently that anything worth beginning was not worth ending. The road via the Lake district, which, like Paddy's short cut, is the longest way round, and one - «f the recommendations for its construction was that it would open np a fine lot of picturesque country which would be rery ' attractive for visitors. The worth of a track to a new and permanent goldfield seems to have assumed a new phase, the prior object being to find out ;if it would be advan tageous and interesting to excursionists and, pleasure-seekers, while the .. digger must get to his claim the Iiest way he can. It is sincerely to be .trusted that the new Administration will weigh carefully the meaning of the resolution .which was so unanimously adopted 'at the late meeting of the above Chamber, and that when the subject is brought on : for consideration some of our many boasted mining industry champions will be ready to lend some little force to the ^ importance of the motion, which was as follows Tbat this Chamber beg respectfully to bring under the notice of the Executive that the demands or necessities for the opening up 1 f tracks from Waratah and the several rt cognised mineral fields, including the King River and Mount Lyell, which were very much superior to those which ap posed in the public estimates ss intended to be granted for a track from Marl borough to the Linda,- and tbat the sum at 'least equal to' that referred to.be placed on the estimates.' A coEEESPOKDEKTaigninghimself 'Miller,' in the columns of a contemporary, writes a very sensible letter on the subject of the wheat and fl?ur dnties. According to his showing the tariff heeds immediate re vision — for the duty is heavier on the raw material than on the manufactured ar ids. Ho says—' The duty at present Is 20s per ton on flour and 61 per bushel on wheat, it . the lowest calculation it takes 45 bushels of wheat to make a too of fl mr ; that means a duty cf 22s 63, and as 45 bushels of wheat weigh 2Y001b3, the importer of , wheat has the extra charge to pay of freight, wharfage, and cirtsge on die 7O01bs, which, together with the . increased duty, cornea to about 10s per ton extra ; so that every ton of flour the local miller makes out of imported wheat stands -him - about 30s per ton, as against 20s in imported flour. The natural result is Vict-orian fl jur can be sold here for less money than the local miller can make it for ; in fact one of our commission agents in Launceston is now doing so, and it is a well-known fact that almost every port on the coast iB being supplied with flour from Victoria, and at the same time I have no doubt the mills on the coast are only working ha'f lime, If they are doing that.' This is certainly an odd way of doing business. How the Victorian protectionists muBt laugh at the simplicity in taxing our breadeaters, to the injury of our own flour manufacturers, and the benefit of hoBe across the Straits. Perhaps our lawmakers will do something to remove this anomaly when the revised Cuetoms Bill, altering the duties on tea, spirits, and opium, is introduced. Naebow Escape fkom Poisoning. — On Saturday night Mr A. DeLittle, a well-known and respected young gentle man, resident in Launceston, had a very narrow escape from death by poisoning Tt appears Mr DeLittle bad been suffer ing from a cold, and procured some cough mixture to take at 'Tegular intervale, but on the evening mentioned . a dose of liniment was admlstered in mistake for the mixture. Dr. Cottrell was sent for as soon as the error was noticed, but it was several hours before Mr DeLittle was out of danger. It is, however, gratifying to be able to note ho is now almost as well as ever. Police Cocbt. — At the. Police Court yesterday, before- Measrs. H.'. T. A Murray, P.M.,' and B. P. F-arrally, J.P., Percy Westerway was charged on remand from the 9th inst., with having, ;'between the Sth and 22nd July, obtained goods to the value ef £3, by means of false pretences, from John Rich, jun., of Turner's Marsh. Mr J. B. Waldron ap peared on behalf of the prosecutor. Thomas Batamaii deposed— He was pay master in the employ of Messrs. Bolar.d and Scott. He was acquainted with orders given by workmen to storekeepers for provisions, and bad«een the ono pro duced before. There had been £3 9s coming to the prisoner,- and he called at the Launceston oflice and explained that he could tiot get any more credit from Mr Rich, and aeked if he could draw his money, as he wanted to pay Mr Rich. The witness then paid the prisoner his | money, and when he (witness);went up the line on pay day Mr Rich presented the order (produced) for £3 given him by j the prisoner. The witness then told Mr Rich that the prisonerhad drawn his money. About a fortnight after the prisoner claimed some money in the name of Wilson. There was £1 18i 6d owing to a man named Wilson, but the witness waB not aware that the - prisoner had assumed the name of Wilson. If a map entering the employ of Messrs. Roland and Scott a second time did bo under an assumed name he was generally discharged. For tho defence Thomas Turner deposed — He was timekeeper on the Scottsdale Rail way, and remembered the prisoner asking him to see Mr Bateinan and try and get him soma money, as ho wanted to go into town and see the doctor, but did not wish to take all bis pay. The witness asked Mr Bateman for the advance, bnt he refused, and gave him (witness) instructions to give tho priaonor the order for his money. . This closed tiie case, and Mr Murray slid as it was the prisonous fiist offonce tho B-:nch would deal loniently with him. They wero nuro that he would find life inoro profitable if he tried to keep strictly hones!. They sentenced him to six weeks' imprison ment. The Mastodox Minstrels. — The tedium of Depot life was considerably enlivened last evening by a very credit able performance given by the Maatodan Minstrels, the major part of the members of which are juveniles. The first part of the entertainment, as nsual, consisted 'f tho customary black circle, aod the second part was made up with ' varieties.' Tho old men mustered in yo;:d nunibe-*s s'.'.l s -enud to appreciate ti-o i-fl'-ifi-* vf Uus I1UI0 c-:.mp:i:;y io j.ffurd uuiru a.: evtLtiii^'a 2iiiUEe.nr.n1t. Wki.ls Hair Balsam, — If grey, restore; to original color. A11 ol -gant dieting, niftons and bemitifiei'. Ni oil nor grease. A Tonic Restorative. Stops iiiir coining out, strcE0'then3 cleauses, heals scalp. Death from Poisoning — Yesterday Mrs. John Kerslake, a well known resident of the Sandhill, died through swallowing a quantity of strychnine, administered by her own hand. The sad circumstances are that the unfortunate woman was sitting in her house talking to her daughter and a neighbor, named Mrs Southerwood, and when the latter went outside she took up a bottle of strychnine and commenced eating it with a knife. Her daughter endeavored to take the bottle from her, but she only managed to get the knife, and Mrs Keralake, who seemed intent on her terrible work, de- liberately swallowed a quantity of the poison out of the bottle, and went outside and took a drink of water. Dr. Stewart was immediately sent for, but the woman died before he arrived. An inquest will be held at the All the Year Round Hotel at 3 p.m. to- day, before Mr H. T. A. Murray, coroner. The Salvation Army.— The Salva tionists and their friends had a hearty meeting at the Elizibeth-street Barracks yesterday evening, and after somewhat of tne service, Maj -t Graham gave a few particulars of interest, iu J^.r. nection with the cause, arising out of the conference recently held in Melbourne. He stated that the dommissionerj Ooloncl Barker, would bj here in October for three days, parsing hence to Hobart en route to New Zsaland, and hoping to be back in Launceston in time for their anniversary on November 29th, but if he found this was not possible, Colonel Pollard would take his place, when they hoped to have an extra good time for a week. The object of the conference had been to centralise the work iu the Australias, and with this end iu view it had been decided to have one head centre alone for the whole of the colonies, but to increase the staff government from C to 12 officer*, which it waB believed would be productive of even more unity than had existed in the past. To commemorate the change in this in ternal working of the Army, it had been decided to alter the size of the issue of the War Cry, which, on and after the second week In September, would be issued weekly somewhat In the shape of a monthly journal, containing eight pages, which would be increased by a supplement once a month to 12 pages, and he hoped increased support would soon allow the weekly issue to be of the latter size. As it had also been found that several of the branches were in debt, it had been decided to inaugurate an extinguish ment fund. Tiie money collected in each colony would be expended within its boundaries, and it was hoped by the strong quarters sustaining the weak all debts would soon be obliterated. Daring the past year the total number of Salva tion literary productions issued was 4,106.662, while the total amount received from all sources, and paid away in the work — the accounts having been duly audited— within the Australian colonies during the past year had been £66,000. Tiie nunher of those who had presented themselves at the peiiitent form had been 10,000. and although they did not believe that all these were io day true Bjldiers, yet many they knew were faithful to theii pledge, aud thousands of wives aud children were the better for their efforts that day. The Major referred to the cablegrams that had appeared in the Taemacian papers relative to the alleged failure of the meeting of the Army in the Melbourne. Town Hall. Thio, however, was not quite correct, 'as while in former yeirs the admission had been free, and consequently the bail had not ab'e, though its capacity he believed was about 4000, to hold all who flocked to it, this year charging Is 6d a head they had had over 2500 persons in ihe buiidiiig. The speaker concluded with giving an account of the work of the Army in Queensland, and some of the newly eetilid quarters in this colony. The proceedings ot the evening were brought to a close by a coffee supper. Majoi Graham has a clear, taking delivery, and a strong grain of sound common sense we can heartily recommend for adoption bj those attemp'. ing the amelioration of the condition of their fellow creatures. Expobt op Sheep. — The s.s. Flinders, which sails for Melbourne on Thursday takes the following consignments oi valuable Btud sheep, to be offered for sal- in Melbourne by Messrs, Powers, Ruther ford, and Co. and Messrs. M. D Synnnt BroB., and are shipped bj the Tasmanian Woolgrowers' Agencj Company, on account of the owners. One hundred and fifteen loose and 4 cagei from W. Gibson and Son, Scone ; 22 loose and 2 cages, W. S. Smith, Harland Rise ; 17 loose and 7 cages, W. H. Gibson, Fairfield ; 14 loose and 1 cage, J. Rigney, Bona Vista ; 27 loose and 7 cages, estate of the late R. J-ones, Riccarton'; 18 loose and 4 cages, J. W. Keach, Chiswick : 4 loose, H. S. Grueber, jun , Ormely ; ( looso, R. Viney. Fern Hill ; 5 loose and 1 cage, Finlay Bros ; 3 loose and 2 cages, B. Archer, Woodside ; 14 loose and I cage. Jamea Viney, Fern Hill ; 2 cages, Ji B.Gibson, Pleasant Banks ;. 6 cages, H. Gatenby, Rhodes ; 2 cages, James Cox, Clarendon ; 2 cageF, A. M. M Kiunon, Mountford ; 2 cages, C. B. Grubb, Strath roy ; 1 cage, P. W. Archer, Panshanger : 5 cages, T. Parramore, Beaufort ; 3 cages, J. Parramore, Wetmore ; 2 cages, W. EL Bloomfield. In addition to theao, uir James Barwick, of the Tee Tree, will ship 24 rams on his own account-. In our local rc the sheep that were shipped in the s s. Pateena, which sailed for Melbourne yesterday, we were 'in error as to the number and value. The number should have appeared 231, and the value £4000. The Jubilee Address io the Queen. — At Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall's establishment may be seen a specimen of what the jubilee address will be which the Tasmanian people intend presenting Her Majesty the Queen. The address is to be ornamented with views of most of the principal towns, and a remarkably effective water color picture of pine cones, butteiflies, and wild flowers, tho work of Mrs Chs-B. Meredith. The wordiag of the address has been engrossed by Miss Patty Mault, in the thirteenth century stvle, and the signatures, numbering 24,000, has been engrossed after the same manner with capitals, copied from King John's Mtgna Charter of 1217 by Mr' Mault. The address is to be most elegantly bound and when completed will be one of the finest works of its kind ever produced in the colony. Intercolonial Rifle Match.— Amongst the passengers in the s,s. Pateena, which sailed for Melbourne yesterday, were the r.-«'!owing r fkmen who aro io represent T ..siiiania in the Intercolonial Rifle Mitch to V-e fired in Adelaide shortlv : ? Li utenants Watcliorn. Croft, Golding, Hie ii'i-rleon, Penny ; Sergeants El'Ieiinan, Giirr, Lovfitl, P.ai!. Tinker; Corpora! Carter, ana Private Peart. Majors M-uiio and 'f avi. s, E.nd Ciptain Fjirthorne also accompany tho team . Columbia Skatisc Rink. — There wss only a limited attendance at the Columbia Skating Rink last, evening, when a candie race was run eff in two heats and a ii.ial, resulting in a win for A* Masjey, J. Jonea coming second. As tho raco was of some what a novel kind, a go :d deal of interest was manifested In it. A fug-of-war is announced for to- morrow night. Floods in the Couxiuy. — A ccord ir ,r to tho following telegrams, posted up at the local telegraph office jesterday. tl*e rivers in the vicinity of Avoca and Firi'nJ are very aiush swollen by tho late iv.iri : — Finn?.!. 15:?q— ' There is a very hi;b flood in S'-.uth Eilc 1 1 'is rnoniina', auj rn;ds to 7-TaDgana and Mathi-ma *?*.- ?in p tSB&ble.;' Avvca, loth — ' Virj' Irish lioo.I iu S- u!!i TCsk. Tr-» riv -r : s :=tVl r,sji,r.!l i f ?- 7*a. l-i:h — River is flooded and ia The 'Tasmania* Catholic Standim).' — Wo have rcctivc-? the current nuirl er of this journal, which h a fp.irly good one, containing inforioct'.-j-i of an Uiiereating nature for its readers. Alleged Theh of Potatoes — During the laut few days the police have been in- 1 vestigating a charge made against certain ; of the crew of the tug Tamar for stealing i eever&i; bags of potatoes from the Don 1 Wharf at Formby, with the result that 1 information has been laid against two i men named Plaice and Rowe. I 1 appears that When the tog towed the barque Davenport round to the Mersey, ' she berthed in close proximity to the Don wharf, and it is surmised that the bags were stolen during the night and taken on board. The articles were missed on the folljwir.g morning, and information given to the Launceston police, who searched the boat, and discovered five bags con cealed on board. The case will probably ccme on for heating ou Thursday. Sr. Francis Xavier. — One of the at tractive programmes de concert for which all musical entertainments in connection with St. Francis Savier's seminary are bo justly celebrated drew together a goodly audience at the schoolrooms adjacent to the Church of the Apostles yesterday evening. Amongst those ftho had kindly given their services in aid of the school ruuu llie repreientitives oT the fair sex were hardly ao strongij represented as is customarily the case, but wherever Mrs Mitchell and Miss Pollard are numbered amongst the pxeci^ianlei we; may be certain that the vocalisation will be worth giving our best attention to. Miss Armstrong is always pleasing, and though Mrs Sullivan was apparently somewhat nervous in her premie motes she rapidly gain ed confidence, and added materially to the success of the evening. The rendering of ' La Marche Hougrolse' by Herr Carl Meyer, who, by-the-bye, Is the talented pianiste of the Cuckoos, met with an Unanimous encore, and showed the perfect mastery of the performer over the instrument. Mr R. Green's peiformances on the piccolo are too well known for their excellence to need much reference to, but at the same time we may note that he fully sustained his reputation. Mr Hilford, beyond sustaining the part specially allotted to him on the programme, also ably filled voids arising at the last moment. The programme also inc'uded the names of Messrs. H. Green, F. Quinp, Kennelly, and Sullivan, all of whom added their quota to the enjoyment of the evening. With Miss Eilis at the piano, it is un necessary to say the vocalists had no cause to complain of the ability of the ac companyist — still we will say it, for she is always so willing to help on a good cause, though she may not figure prominently. St. John Ambulance Society. — Lasf evening a large number of men and women who have been attending the medical . lectures recently given in connection with the St. John Ambulance Society, pre sented themselves at the Olass-room of the Church Grammar School, where a written examination was conducted by Dr. ! Thompson, Hoose Surgeon of the Hos , pital. Longford. — Our correspondent writes-: I — A football match — Longford v. Delo 1 raine — took place on (he recreation 1 ground here on Saturday last. A fair number witnessed the contest which was a very friendly one but rather one-sided, . a 1 Dsloraine played two men short. A. ? Sutton c.p'ained Longford, and G. Field D loraine, Longford winning by 8 goals 1 22 bshinds to Deloraine 2 behinds. The : goa'-kickeis for Longford were— G. ; Archer (2), T. Kearns (2), B^an, Fpr 1 sythe, Hunter, and Llnstead. Besides 1 the goal-kickers, the following played well 1 for their respective clubs For Longford — Sutton, Stokes, Marvell, Robinson, ' Appleyard, and Holgate ; tor Deloraine — i Field, Smith, Bennett, Rocke, and Poole. — A few minor cases were disposed ot at 1 the Police Court here on Monday. Football. — From our Cressy corree 1 pondent we learn that the Morven Foot ' ball Ciub suffered defeat at the hands of ! the CresBy Club for the third time this ' season on Saturday. The Morven Club ' was synonimous with rough play, but the result of the day's play would make one ' doubt whether it is not possible for the ' leopard to change its spots, for a more 1 friendly and pleasant game could not be imagined, notwithstanding the visitors , were playing z. losing game, and the , captain of the visiting team is deserving [ of commendation for the Bpirit in which 3 he controlled his men, and urged them to \- play the game. Of the play it must be . said the local men as a team are the j superior, though there were striking I illustrations of individual brilliant play, notably Roles and Donaldson for the s Morven, but there seemed to lack a unity ! of p'.ay and concentration of action. The I Cressy team worked like trojans to a , man, and seemed to play more unitedly. , Those most prominent for good play were j Gatenby, Delmer, Baker, Foster, Cald ; well, Stebbiiigs, and Doyle. The game I terminated in a decided win for the lucal i men, namely, Crcesy — 7 goals 10 behinds ; Ev.mdal 1 — 1 goal 4 behinds. George Towk akd the Heads.— Our correspondent writes : — A large concourse ' of people followed the remains of Ihe late Mr Reisz to their last resting-place in the George Town Cemetery on Friday after noon. The bnrisl service was read in a most impressive manner by the Rev. J. Walton, of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Launoeston. — The contractors engaged in forming and macadamising a portion of the road between George Town and Lefroy are pushing forward with their work, which is rapidly approaching completion —Intelligence of good stone being found at Lefroy continues to arrive, and a mining revival in that town and consequent improvement to the whole district is confidently anticipated. — Grave rumors are sfljat concerning the advent of a ghost on the Low Head road. I would like to intimate this festive spirit that some one in the interests of psycology may feel tempted' to try the tffecs of powder and sh^t on it. Baing, no doubt, well versed in dead languages, it will hardly require an interpretation of the words verb. sap. Mole Creek Ploughing Matches. — On Tuesday, August 30, a ploughing match will take place at Mole Creek, on | land kindly lent by Mr Richard Shaw. The prizes are to be competed for by ploughmen from Mole Creek, Cave-Side, and Chudleigh only, and with no other than swing ploughs. Train Mems — By the express train to Hobart yesterday, the Hon. W. Moore, M.L.C., and Mr H. Conway, M L.A., were passengers. The Poor Man's Ministry. — The Mercury in yesterday's Issue remarks that the collection of increased duties on tea and spirits without 6ven a resolution c-f tho Legislature is allogothar improper and illegal, and adds — 'In the meantime, the consumer — that working man of whom the Ministry is the pirticuler friend — 's the hapless and helpless victim Should tho new duties now being levied, not re ceive the sanction of the legislature, the duties paid will be returned to the whole sale dealer, and through hiai to the shop keeper, but there will be no refunding to the wofking man.'' A Year's Wool Exports — Tho Daily Gazette, a journal devoted wholly to shipping, published on Tuesday a valuable table of the exports of wool from Sydnay atid Newcastle for Loudon aud continental markets from July 1, I88G, to June 30, 18b7, with shippers' names and th.' number of biles ehippe-d by eoch for the p.'riud under review. The total shipments from Sydney were 203,292 biles, Messrs W. and B. Hick heading tho hex,, and Messvr. D .Igftty and Co. comity next. The:e were, 40,124 bales shipped from Newcastle f.;r the sftme period, the G rent Nnrl hc---is Wnol-dumping C.j. topping i ll.-. v. Ml 12,058 bales, and DiUety and Co. follow ing wit.': ('08:! b:-l;-.s. There wrs .' . -r. t .'a' (.{ ,-W to in- =.:.v -? ... , a;. a ilioso taken fcy tie ALiuttla ou F-jbrairy £5 lael. Ws big io direct our readers atteuftou to tiie announcement of A. SiacajiALU, Oealr.d OMries-sU-cot. that he lia-s jn=t- opono l a j m-iui of Crockery aud Glabdwaie of exception- j ally good value (21J ' Intercolonial Items — On Monday afternoon last Mr- Ho'iora Wall, aged vears, a resident of T-esdale. died suddenly in a railway carriage, when the train was oming from Baliarat to Geelong, at midday. She had been suffering from illnefE for some time, and had been recommended by Dr. Muslior to come to the Geelong Hospital. Soon after the train started from Leigh-road Mrs Wall died, and her body was subsequently taken to the morgue at this town awaiting an inquiry or the receipt of a certificate from Dr. M iiellt-r as to the cause of death. — The dwelling of Mr Andrew Rowan, merchant, ei'uate at Elst.ernwick, was entered by burglars on Tuesday night last. Entrance wast ffected through ihe drawing room window after midnight, at which time Mr Rowan retired to his bedroom. When the s -r vants opened the doors next morning they found a package of knivis and forks lying on the vefandah, where it had been dropped by the thieves. Some electro-plated ware, valued at £25, was stolen out of the dining room, and two overcoats were taken from the front p usage.— A s .d accident happened on Sunday afternoon last at Shepparion (Vic.) to a little boy named Bertie Ramsay, aged nine yeSrs. He was returning home from Suuday School with another lad, and on tha way picked up a flisk of gunpowder, and in order to have some fun, as the poor little fellow says, tbey went home and got 'some matches. They then obtained an old coffee pot and poured the contents of the flask into it, but liot knowing the danger, young Ramsay, who tfaS standing directly over the pot, struck a match, and dropped it into the powder, which ex ploded with a crash. The poor little fellow received the explosion full in the face, and was, knocked some yards away. When picked up, his eyes and f ac9 wei e found to be severely burned arid blackened — Further evidence given be fore the Select Committee of Inquiry into the medical quackery of Sydney and colony adds to the list , of those who have for years traded on the credulity pf the public. One In luorative practice stated he was a ship's cook formerly In Tas mania, and used to be washer-up and handy man about Sydney restaurants This man, who Is 50 yens of age, is stated to be a great drunkard, yet he hid addressed one witness as follows : — ' I am doing splendidly. I have five ladieE boarding in my place who pay £3 3; weekly and so much for attendance. Two of them will be confined, but operations will be performed on the other two.'1 Another cise is that of a Man who had nc medical training whatever, who wa3 stated to have been the manager of a bank that failed in Victoria, and afterwards did some woolbroking in Sydney. He had been heard the other day to say he wai making £60 wee'iiy. A gentleman whe has been agent for a number of insurant ( societies deposed that within his own experience he had met {#? men practisirf aa medical men in the colony without anj qualifications whatever. A Strange Divorce Case. — A singula: action has been commenced in the Count; Court by a divorced wife against- hei husband (eays the Age). Mary Am Cameron, nee Carroll, seeks to recovei from Alexander Cameron, slater, of Sand ridge-road, South Melbourne, £*219 foi services rendered as his housekeeper The defendant yesterday applied to Judg- Molesworth in Chambers that the plaintif should be directed to give security foi costs. He stated upon affidavit that thi plaintiff had no claim upon him whatso ever. She waB formerly his wife, but hi obtained a divorce from her on the 24 1 December, 1884, on the ground of he: adultery with a co-respondent, who hat since absconded from the colony. Thi plaintiff was desirous of returning to thi defendant's house in order to take care o her two children, and he allowed her t- do so. He paid her £1 per week as 1 gratuity for a considerable time, until b; her drunken habits and neglect of thi children he was compelled to turn he away. He never engaged her in th- capacity of housekeeper, nor did he agrei to pay her any wages. He believed tha this aotion was brought merely £0 extor money, and he was aware that th. plaint iff had consulted Mr Gaunson ant other solicitors, who had advised her tha she had no claim against him. He added further, that the consideration for .whicl the plaintiff lived with him after he divorce was an immoral one. She had n. means of paying his costs, and no cause a action against him. -The plaintiff re pudiated the statement as to immorality and said that she came back to the defen dant in consequence of his importunities She was residing' with her sifter at Koroi in October, 1885, when the plaintiff cam and took her to his bouse, having pre viously sent her £6. Out of the £1 h referred to she paid for the grcceries am other articles. The last, assertion wa repudiated by the defendant. His Hono thought the case was one in which securit; for cos's ought to be given, and made al order accordingly to the amount of £15 Terrible Boat Accident.— A terribl boat accident occurred on the Danube a Puks, in Hungary, recently. While 1 ferry beat, containing 300 pilgrims of al ag«s and both sexes, was crossing thi river, a sudden gust cf wind caused thi boat to capsize. A dreadful scene ensued theunfortnnate drowning creatures clutch ing at one another, and rending the aii with their shrieks. It seems to have beei quite impossible to afford them any sue cour, and those who escaped did so bj swimming ashore. So far as is known u t to the forwarding of this dispatch only 5( or 60 managed to do this, the remainder, it is to be feared, having been drowned A prie3t, who was accompanying the pil grims, saw the danger the boat was ir jast. before it overturned, and s olcnnilj blessed its occupants. A moment lat. 1 the catastrophe occurred, and all wtrc struggling in the water. The priest, being a strong swimmer, was one of th'.se who reached the shore. Thedrowned aie estimated at from 200 to 250. Over 10Q bodies were next day recovered and laid out upon the shore at Paks for identifica tion, The tight is described as terrible, and the ecent-s that take place as the re latives are recognised among the long line of dead are heartrending. ' Robb'KG a Train. — Another daring railway robbery is reported from America. An east- bound train on the Southern Pacific Railroad had arrived at Schulen burg whe a a gang of men 12 ia number took possession of the train and began plundering the passengers, whom they treated in the mcst brutal mauner, strik ing themo'.i tha heads with their revolver'. Among those who wrre thus maltreated wa? a lady. The robbfri afterwards pro ceeded to pillsge the mail and ex press cars, and finally decamped with 'oe.o'y to tl^e va'ue -f about lo,000:lols bssides a quantity of valuable jswelleiy. The World's Biggest Money' Vault — The United Treasury Depart ment, at Washington, is now a: work o ?; what is claimed to be the hrge't sio^l j money vauit iu the world, and which v. i 1 hold when fill! 103,000 OOOdo's in silver. Is v.ill be 89ft Ioti£ by 50fr, wide, and lift Ola high, ii.eide diuicahiuiis. Tho walls surrounding tliia treasure house will ba 4ft 6in thick If au enterprising burglar shou.d try to effect an entrauca by way uf the Treasury Department he would have to f. rce au iron dnnr i-vsr fi:i, tqiure. ,ii:d ?4 1 i. iliiik, Lisli shut a -?()' the building from the cour'yarti ; then the vault; h.a two heavy doors, and each eel! has its ov. n door. The arcMttcts claim that ihe vault ia 1 e a'id bucglar proof, bnt it will also be gu iid d from tin outside by the Treasury watchmen. Gas ykkmjs Taly'.w Candles.— Pro- fc'-. .-;* Tboi.'li liogi-rs, in the Contem piirnrii li- ri'-ir i-av- 'I fcnvsj n-» dcjbt ?. ?! hunir: ? ?? y !ib:: bo;-u aided by cHoart artificial light, but i:. may bo d :ul-tuU whether huuian health has been bet-.i ._d. l:i ihe dL.ys uf tallow caudles — ao vsi-y !-?»;!( agj— pa--p!e went io bed eavlj- ; in iao tlaje of gas Loins people seem hardly to go to bed at all.' Polar Extlobations. — At a recent , meeting at Sc. Paieisbu g of ihe Russian j Geographical Society, D- Bunge made an ' inieiesting commuLication on the subject of the Polar expedition undertaken by him in conjunction with Baron Toll. Th.0 expedition was initiated by and carried out at the cost of the Academy of Science* The escort consisted of two Cossacks and Bis other men. The travellers visited two localities. First they went into the j northern region of Yakutek, and, having crossed the ocean and the ice, they passed the summer of 1885 in the extreoae northern group of islands, Liakhov, Koteluoi, Eaditffdkoi, and others, having covered a distance of more than 120,00ft versts, or about 9000 miles from Irkutsk. They visited places where the foot of man had never trodden. The object of ths expedition was to survey the above montioned places, and to tako obser vations of their climate, geography, flora, fauna, etc. On the 7th of May they divided into two parties to facilitate the work of exploration. Dr. Bunge pro ceeded to the islands already named, and Baron Toll visited New Siberia and othec islands. On one of these excursions the travellers found on some islands hills apparently formed of petrified logs. On examination it was diecovered that these hills consisted of stones of the tertiary formation, with strata of coal. The re sult of Baron Toll's excursion was a large 1 zoological and botanical collection, with * valuable geological observations. The expedition attained 75 deg. of northern latitude, but the excursions were con siderably interfered with by frosts. The travellers underwent great privations. Dr. Bunge stated that the famcus Nor denijkiold expedition was particularly favored, the sea being at that time free from ice. for a considerable space. Since then the sea haB not once been clear of ice, so that it would be difficult to reckon on a course of navigation in the north. AmusemeKIs. — The Rev. Dr. Talmage in a recent sermon gave the following jgood, sound, common sense utterance ' There are a great many who denounce ball playing. They hate puzzles. They despise charades. They abhor tableaux. Ihey say : 'Away with all parlor games P They talk as if they would like to have our youth dressed in blue uniform, like \- the children of an orphan asylum,- and ' march down the path - f life to ihe tune of 1 ' The Dead March in Saul.' Young Men's 1 Christian Associations of the country are ' doing glerious work. They have fine read 1 ing rooms, and all the influences are of the \- best kiri-?,and are now adding gymnasiums* I where, without any evil surroundings, ' our young men may get physical as well ' as spiritual improvement. We are dwind l ling away to a narrow-chested, weak ) armed, feeble-voiced race, when God calls . \- us to a work in which he wants physical I 1 as well as spiritual athletes. I would to jM 1 God that the time might soon come when / ! in all our collegas and theologicil semi' ' narir.s a gymnasium shall be established. The best msn that the world ever knew f have had their sports. William Wilber force trundled hoop with his -children. r Martin Luther helped dress the x Christmas tree. Ministers have pitched r quoits, philanthropists have gone a skating, prime ministers have played r bill. This church to day is filled with men and women who have in their soals j unmeasured resources of sportfulness and f frolic. Show me a man who never lights r up with sportfulness, and has no sympathy 3 with the recreations of others, and I will show you a man who is a stumbling block 9 to the kingdom of God. Such men are j caricatures of religion. I would trade off r 500 such men for one bright-faced, radiant j Christian on whose face are the words 3 ' Rejoice evermore !' Go forth, O people, B to your lawful amusement. God means f yoa to be happy. 3 American Suicides —The result of a a record kept for the five years ending with „ February, 1887, of the suicides in the a United States has been published. The c suicides thus brought to notice number 0 8226. No alarming increase is to be per B ceived year by year if exception is made (. cf the unusually heavy list 1943 — of last i t year. The average for the period gives A B about 1645 to each year. The statistics ' j seem to show conclusively that summer is t the season when suicides are the most frequent and winter the season when they ^ are most infrequent. - As regards the r months, June shows the largest list and D February the smallest. ,f Art Treasures.— Among the art trea t_ sures of the Earl of Lonsdale which were sold was the Sevres porcelain service, formerly the property of Madame du I. Birri. Tills service is painted with t vases and f stoons of flowers in colors on e white ground and band of gros bleu and gold ornaments on the borders, and with e the initia's D. B. in fljwers and gold in 3 the centre. The service consisted of 133 lB pit cfs, and was sold in 34 lots for an x acgrt gate total of £1812, or an average y of £53 per lot.. A pair of verrters were a sold to Mr F. Benjamin, of Bond-street, for 150 guineas ; while Mr Robson paid 116 guineas for 12 plates, 100 guineas toe e 14 plates ; and Mr Phiipot secured the 1 12 large offae cups and saucers for 105 \ 1 guineas. A Louis XVI. upright mar* 1 queterio secretaire, with fall down front V 3 and folding doors beneath, inlaid, and 1 B with finely chased ormolu, was sold for ' \- 800 guineas to Mr Wertheimer. 1 The Rate of Human Growth.— r Observations regarding the rate of growth 1 of man have determined the following ' facts : — The most rapid growth takes ' place immediately after birth, the growth 1 of an inf-int during the first year of its ) existence being about eight inches. The \- ratio of increase gradually decreases until ? the !-ge of thr-e years, at which time the siz3 attained is half that which it is to 1 bc-como when full, grown. After five years ' the succeeding increase is very regular till : tho sixteenth year, being at the rate, for the ; ! average man, of two inches a year. 1 B 'yond 16 the growth is feeble, bciDg in 1 t-hf: following two years about three-fifths 1 of an inch a year ; while from 18 to 20 ' the increase in height is seldom over one ? inch. At the age of 25 the growth ceases, save in a few exceptional eases. It has been observed that, in the same race, the mean size is a little larger in the city 1 than in the country, a fact which will be received with doubt by many who have come to regard the rustio bb a model man. j The Efficacy of Advertising . — A few 1 week 3 since a lady lost a brooch, which S she prized very highly, and. being 1 desirous to recover it if possible, she V : advertised for it in our paper. Her ^ advertisement had appeared but a few ^ timns, when, on going to her bureau 1 drawer, sha there saw the missing brooch, looking as natural as ever. We always thought there was efficacv I11 advertising, and this in?tance is conclusive. An Extraordinary Piano. — A piano forte of extraordinary qualities has just b-vn made in England to the order of an America geu'ieaian Ti e instrument is of the finest q'i?lity, bat the moBt valu able p'.rt is tho This Im been de sie'ifd by Mr Alma Tadema. and -dimei with painiiug3 by Mr E. J. P.'yntcr, R.A The cost waB between £2000 and £3000. The Coal Foum/.t; v — Starting on Dr. Dawson's assumption that one foot of citil repr/aenta 50 generations of coal p'aots, and that each generation took 10 years to mature— a very moderate assampiion — and taking the actually measured thickness of the coal measures in some localities at 12,000ft, Professor Huxley calculates that the time repre sented by the 003! formation alone would be 6,000.000 years— eufficiotit to show that when we come to deal wi'h geological time tiie unit of measurement is a million of y.a-a. M7* T. H BosW'-?'tli no1 h^-riv rti- ^mrnt that he is now prepaid to tune piano' in town or country Notice is (liven in another column that the ^ pai'iniM'Fiiip hitherto existim; beUvueu Alfred ('!. Hiivjitou and James Murfetl, *Lr.rl in;; Sheffield as R.aieral titoieki-oiiere, has fj,,pn 1 d'Vi-.olveit by muiual cogent. The bii:;ine;s ' will in future be carried on by Mr Kingston' to whom all debts must be paid. ' 