No. 15. A STRANGE STORY By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange one. Is it true? I do not know. Jud-.vd from tlio stand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and in to me, 1 cannot but believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which cannot be explained, and which will not be explained away. We live our visible life, as it were, psssieg over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind us being the irrevocable past, and that before, tha in scrutable future. Yd!iat these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, roienee tells us nothing about. Do. then, tha disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my 6tory tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years Bgo, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just- come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land of Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father’s sister. He was of about the same age as my self, and 1 was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that wo were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanoilul credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. Ab 1 have said, we were deeply attached to each other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pyladea, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good-and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the houndless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day, should become, as they were, lords oi the soil. But to become equstters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had soma good letters of introduction, and acting on tho advico of a gentleman who had known Jim’s father, wo determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not suit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lacked tho epice of romanoa attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the orashing timber, and down atony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out bo r-— in the solemn bush„ vhe cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hatB, tha blue shirts, tho breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable—on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station would we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There wera plenty of squatters who would willingly take ub on their runs, and “ break us in ”—for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Scotchman, which was situated on the upper part of tho Goulburn river in Vic toria, and which embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, carrying about oight thousand five hundred Wo went to work in right Sown earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that wo succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Macgregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have hie work done thoroughly well, and aa wo were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bushmeu. So much so that after wo had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to ue that weshould take the eole charga of the station during a visit which he proposed to take to the old country. Nothing could have suited us better. Young, ardent, our own maeters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ero another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi cally “bosses ” of the sitnation, and certainly, monarchs oi all wc surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae’s, over the ranges soma twenty miles away. Oarhouse, as we considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. 16 stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the homo paddock, and that sloped away past a small creek that formed one of the eiiUients of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as “ Macgregor e G.vp,” and be ing the eole means of communication that existed between our peaceful valley and the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of tho bouse was closed, for there were far more rooms than two b&eheior;’s could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, aDd our common sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our otlica, smoking-room, library, and music-room, for Mr. Macgregor had a good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughters, who had aeeompanied him Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Alee. Payne, the head stockman, who slept over the stables, an ugly aud hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the hack of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the “Maister,” and tyrannieed over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome oolley slut named Fly, who located in Epots, indifferently in mine or Jim’s bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The etation hands had their huts at con siderable distances, and we rarely eaw any of them, except when they camo to the house for rations, or on other business. Halcyon days, indeed, ware those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in the Goulburn, shooting in the hill3, kanga rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who could have been happier than Jack AUeyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The blaoks took to spearing our oattle. Why they did it wa could not tell, for we had always treated the few who had shown up on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they came from wo could not conjec ture, for there were practically none belong ing to our immediate neighbourhood. Hone, in faot, of any account, nearer than tho Warrigal tribes of Gippsland. They werelferooious and miBohievoqs enough we know, but we could not imagine that they would leave their native haunts bo far away the southward, and cross the ell but inac coaeible fastnesses of the main range to do us an injury. We could not account for their presence, wo could find no reason for their sots, unless, indeed, they were some wander ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe But there was the unmistakable fact. We were first made aware of it by Alee, our head Btookman, riding up to the house in hoi haste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, so he informed us, been out to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot cf the hill had cemo across blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our choicest breed. The blacks had carried off some of tha flesh, and had left the rest to the hawks. Was he sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house as fast as ho oonld, to see what was to be doue. What was to be done? Ah 1 that was & ** Find the marauding scoundrels. Just ro. Bui whore to find them ? Where to look for them? Thov were miles away, no donhi, gone this way or that, who could tell? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, aud wo were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our counsels, eat up late that night discussing the matter, al though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never could come across them. Had we had native traokers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have a wonderful instinct, and a natural love for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in tracking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribs, but so it is—but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the buaheraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these canning denizens of tho woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But d? their presence wo had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an occasional beast for foodi they bad, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, end for sheer love ot bloodshed. Who could toll how soon they, treacherous nr.d vindictive as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events wo went continually armed, wa and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, could wo have found them, which a3 I have said, we could not. Then for a timo came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate ourselves in having get rid of our troublesome visitors, when almost simul taneously wc hoard of no fewer thau three fine young head of cattle bung found c-louplitured in widely different parts of tho run. We were at our wit's end, but clearly something must be dono, and at once. This kind of thing 'could nos bo permitted wgo on. cut how to prevent it 1 Why the wretahe3 had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again we held a council of war, and again wo felt ourselves powerless to cope with the evil. We felt certain that tha blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in tha dense bush that hordored cur run, or whether, as wa3 most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the north ward ol us, we were unable to say. It 13 as certain however that they were not located cn the run, as, had they been, wc should have been sure to have fallen in with the marks of their fires, it not with tbo ruins of their wurloys o: branches oi bark. Wo sat late in the night without having arrived at any aettled nlan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to rids over to Carfrae's tha following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best ba done. Perhaps that was tha best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time in the colony, aud might reasonably bo supposed to bs better acquainted with the habits cf the savage tribes, and tho best method oi dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shanc and which eluded my mental grasp at ths~8amc time as it would not be laughed After on early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts te induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able “ Our plain duty is clear,” ho said, “ we have already lost something like a score of cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to tho mischief, and unless wo take Borne decided step there is no telling what tho result will bo.” I could not contradict this, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. II Never fear,” he replied cheerfully, “ I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of tho white man’s thunder and lightning to venture within coooy Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that 1 saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily oyer the grassy stretch of the homo paddock in the dircotion of the gap. I watobed him nntil ho was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning bud, and then I turned into the house with something like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not eome. I blundered and bungled through my corres pondence for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the “Dwellerson the Threshold” of which we read, I had no dis tinct comprehension, bat which was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint bat ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light bat troubled slumber. My dreams, if dreams they could be called were, as my waking thoughts had been, “ without form and void,” yet dimly shadowerod by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, bat all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, halt wail of a dog, so weird, so in expressibly sad, that it seemed to tarn my very blood to ice. I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door. As I stepped out upon the verandah, Fly, our collie dog came whining and cronohing to my feet, and crouched tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a now Gorgon. Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had seen start for Carfrae’s some hours before. Pale to lividness, Bhadowy, ethereal, with s look of pain on his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood welling from a deep gush in bis breast. 1 stood as it turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to spook, powerless, clmost, to think. Was I eiiil dreaming? No. Thera ha was, plaiuly palpable before mo. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my heir stiffen on my head. I felt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all X could do was to gaze entranced and spell-bound in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it came nearer end sliil nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke “ Jim'." The form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smile spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was eurely enough to have driven me so. I was as sano as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. I tell yon I .mio it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With a hoaroo, harsh halt laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. J. did.know it. _ I ran round to tha stable, naSSy saiTiiiu'a 5"' horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and hatless, costless, r.3 I was, gaUopped down the home paddock. Where was I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one fooling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for that a foul deed had been done 1 knew only too well. I headed for tha rooky bluffs that formed tho Gap, and bathed in perspiration, and with tho hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across tho intervening down. Did I think of danger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, llsvsuge I H rVeUgo 1 Soon l reached tho Gap. All still, all silent. Tho grim walls hemmed mo in on cither hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into tho gloomy defile I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save tho clatter and ring of my horse’s iron shod hoofs over tho rough boulders. I dismounted, and slowly led ray horse over tho r: gged track for it wr.a un safe to rids. More dismal, more wildly soli tary grow tho scene, a quarter of a mile, half a mile, a mile, end then— A” last. There he lay. Yes, there ho lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, trne hearted, handsome Jim. D.adl Dead 1 Alas! Alas ! Dead ! Dead 1 Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading hia horse, through tho defile. A spear thrust which entering his back, had corns out at his breaet, and had oloft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, as if in mockery of my unutterable woo. Do f feel shams in saying that tho tesrs foil hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold face, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine savo in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A mau Bhsds tears hut seldom, but when he does, they are, ns it wero, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wistfully into tha face of my dead friend T know not. I iclt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven eent relief to my over charged feelings. Ths grim defile, the bush beyond, It at my feet, seemed to ewim round mo. All earthly things wero blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. Biit“o<—-— »ut tho awakening, on 1 the awakening. I found myself lying on a couch in tho front room of our house. I awoke as it might be after a heavy sleep and l know not whom 1 was. For a time I lay only partially con scious, yet still entirely conscious ot seeing forms I knew around me. Alec. Payne, Doctor llao from tho township, and a fomr.lo with a face strange to me, stood ronnd my bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con lueion. I tried to raise my hand, and it foil back on tho eonnterpane, seemingly ns heavy 83 lead. And then, i spoke, or rather, as it eeemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and guspiug waa tha “Where am I?" I asked. “ Thank God,” ejaculated the Doctor, “ fhe worst is over. Mind and memory aioretarn “ For a time I lay still, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, cs in an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, tbo gloomy gorge, the dead bedy of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, been found lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Alee. Payne, who had from a distance corn me galloping wildly in that direction, cud who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths’ door, down with n violent brain fever, for days', ever since, hut, thank God, the danger was past. As for tho appari tion I had seen, Dr. Kao discoursed learnedly on psychology and kuidred ninUers, proven to his own satisfaction, doubtless—tnat at tho time I saw it, or was supposed to have seen it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and tha trouble consequent on tho ravages mada on our stock by thp blacks. He persuaded mo that it was all fanoy, imagination, tha out come of a heat oppressed brain, all the rest of it, by whioh scientists try to explain the un explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense would toll me that he vraa right, and that it was only in my own die turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no donbt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but for all that, 1 say, as Shake speare says “ There are moMthingif mHeaverfand earth Horatio Than ever yon dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to th8 spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my oonsin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before—I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them tho existence of a town in lower Egypt, all traea of which seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 4ft. long by lft. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given, butTrofessors Kara baeek and WesEeley believe it belongs to tho eatly part of the sixth century. Tho bride groom was named Theon, the bride Marisi She hod a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and tho future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for “ an ordinary legiti mate wife.” There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties credo soribed as belonging to the town of Justian* opolia. Tho editors declare that they can find no mention of this place among any lista of the towns, etc., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Bur mah, the latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to black. Bnrmah also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of whioh is known as Job’s Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Mooro this grass derives its name from the largo, round, shining fruit it beam, in which can be traced some resemblance to tears. It occurs in Japan as well as the Asiatic continent. 51 i 