! (Sunday Reading. Looking: Back from the Slough. ; BY IKE REV. Da.- TAISIAQE. No man having put his linnd to tlic plough and lookm"- hack, Is lit for the kingdom of God.-»St. XukQuc.&t.; 'jTlHRIST'S illustrations were dir&Wtt; from \j every-day life.4 "We hardly over fold Him making any; allusion to Grecian or Egyptian antiquities. You always immediately know what Ho means. "We who speak in Sprayer-meetings, and Sabbath schools, and pulpits, might learn many a practical lesson from Him in that respect. It is often the case that the illustration is so elaborate and learned, that the audience find harder work in under standing- the illustration than the subject which they propose to illustrate. But it is not so with Christ. His comparisons were as plain as that white is white and black is black; and the most illiterate man that evef heard Jesus talk knew immediately what lie meant. i Well, Christ was gathering up his friends and- associates. He wanted especially to test the reality of their earnestness by demanding instantaneous discipleship. Ho wanted them immediately to become His followers) or not at all. There was a man standing there who said that he really intended to become one of Christ's disciples, but ho wanted to go homo first and say good-bye to his friends, nnd make arrangements before he undertook the Christian service. Christ "would not consent to that. Ho .knew very well that if that man went back his family wouldpersuado him to stay, and he would never .enter into the discipleship*. and, therefore, Christ expresses His dissent to' the proposition of the man in the words of my text: "No man having put his hand to the plough and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God." I Many of us were brought up in the country, iand we learned how to plough. It seems a very? easy process to a man who has never tried, as he stands looking over the fence and sees the plough glide smoothly through the field. One would think all you have to do would be to take hold of the handles and put the point of tho coulter in tho soil, and then tell the horses to start;' but to send the plough vigorously through at equal depth of earth, and, without being stopped by stone or stump, make a clear, straight furrow from one end to tho other, requires a good deal of care. Many a one has lost his patience in the process, and when he first began to plough hus been knocked flat by the plough handles. Here is a boy that attempts to plough, but instead of keeping his eye on the beam of the plough or on the horses that are dragging tho plough, he is looking this way and that, 'sometimes looking back to the end of tho field from which he started. The husbandman comes down in tho field and says: " My boy, you will never muke a plough man in that way. You must keep your eye on youc work, or I shall discharge you, and put someone else in your place. See here, what a -crooked furrow you have been making." Now, it is this illustration that Christ presents in order to show r up . the folly of that man (who, once having started towards heaven, is * averted this way and that, often looking back te the place from'which he started. " No man having put Hi£ hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for tho kingdom of God." ; I stand bsforo many who have been roused to religious consideration, and some have passed on into .the.life of the .gospel, but wo..have nothing for-them but congratulation and; good 1 cheer. ; Others havo not got so farasthat. They heard it thunder, they were awakened from their lethargy; their prayerless lips began to move in petition. From being inattentivo hearers, you could,, see they wore affected with a very deep anxiety. They asked the question of tho gaoler. Tripped up lay tho misfortunes of life they felt the iieed of something better thin earthly solace. Under the uplifted 1)attlc-axe of disaster, they felt they must havo a helmet. Thoy were importunate for Awhile. Ministering spirits, "who watched tho state of the soul, wero ready-to strike exultation over their return. They had started. Thoy hai their hands on tho plough.> The barren soil of tho heartz began, to uptutn in preparation for a glorious harvest. But mid-furrow, tho plough stopped. They looked back, and showed thoy were not fit for the kingdom of God. They halted, some of them never again to start others to .bo-persuaded by tho; Spirit of'.God, through'thiTsermon, to.resume their duty. I | I. I remark, that many surrender their leligious impressions, simply becuuso, liko this man in the text, tlicy do not want to give up their friends aud connections.,. The proba bility is that tho majority of your friends aro not true Christians. You dp not want to turn yourftack upon them. You do not, by your action, .want.seemingly ,tovcondemu their be haviour; and so tho wifo waits for tho husband Jfco eomo to Christ, and so the husband waits for tho wifo to come to Christ, and they neither eomo. Ono in lifo! One in death ! Ono in the loss «f tho soul! And so thero are children *»*ho do uot come because parents do not come. [Theysay, "If religion were really, anything particular, father -'would attend to it.. If re ligion were anything very important,! am sum iny mother would attend to it. Thoy stay out of tho kingdom, and I will stay." All, it was not so with tho serviug maidiu the honao of Naumau'tho'lepur. .. Amid all tlio grand sui> < fundings that were hostile to religion, she mamtiiined hor simple, heroic faith in God, | and through hor instrumentality her master | cured of the leprosy, " J!"' 1 i.noed n6t 8° history to find in AaVe Maintained the faith . j §?. " firanes wnrohoiise, go ^tohinc Shop, go to that dry-goods S vi111!,y6n wiU.fiud men faithful to turn ?t i_around 19 jeering and carica J3llt' unhappily, there are some who cannot serve God alone. They resolve to start hoa\en.Wttr.1, but one good round of laughing worn at the supper-table ends all their religious impressions. They want to get to heaven, but tuey cannot endure the d6nlp«ti£ Opposition, the social Opptatidh. they put their hand to the plough, attd say, "Witness, ye men and angels, this day I take Christ, and start for heaven but to-morrow they look back. Down at the club-houso one day, they say: " Where is Mr. bo-and-so ? I have not seen him here for four weeks. " Oh," says some one, " ho is at teadmg religious meetings." After awhile, the new convert gdes airlid tlidee old hsyboiatea, tim. i?011 Toy 800 hlrtl cSnlinS, they say: Oh, here comes our Christian. How solemn he looks! Mighty good he has got to be, .hasnt he? Come, now, you're a Christian, tnoy tell me; just get down hero and pray for whistle one of your old church tunes, what! ashamed to do it ? I thought you were a hypocrite. You like sin just as well as you ever did. Oh, to stand that bombardment, to be thrown out of old companionship, to be tabooed, and caricatured, and pointed ut, is like cutting off the right arm, or plucking out the right eye, Shd Jttii ciahiiot stand it. J.riumph over tli'ose influences: maily have. Go doWh under them: many do. II. I remark: that sometimes peoplo sur render their religious, impressions because they want to take one more look at ein. They re solved that they would give up sinful indul gences, hut they have been hankering after them ever since, thirsty for them, and finally they conclude to go into them. 'So there is a man who, under the influenco of the Holy Spirit, resolved ho would become a Christian, and as a preliminary step he ceases profanity, lhat was the temptation and tho sin of his life. After awhile, he says, '1 X don't know as it's worth while for me to be curbing my temper at . ail times-to bo so particular nbout my speech. Some of tho most distinguished men in the world have been profane." And so tho man who, resolving on heaven, quits his profanity, g»ts back to it. In other words, us tho Bible describes it, "tho dog returns to its vomit again, and tho sow that is washed to her wallowing in tho mire." " But," says a man, " X will for Christ givo up sharp practices in business. I once was fraudulent; I will cease to bo fraudulent, even respectably fraudulent." But the time passes on, and one day he wakes up and says, " I find that men in my branch of business over reach. I don't know why I should bo blamed if sometimes I should overreach. Besides that, it is impossible to- bo severely honest in this day, and a man must make a living. Religion may do very well for the church, but it don't work in the business." So the man goes back to his old sharp practices in business, forgetful of the Bible -warning, " As a partridge sitteth on eggs and hatcheth them not, so riches got by fraud; a man shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at the end ho shall bo a fool." Oh, my friends, there are ten thousand witcher ies, which, after a man has started for heaven, compel him to look back. 111\. I remark, again, there are many who surrender tlieir religious impressions because they -want ease from spiritual anxiety. They have been talking about their immortal soul, they have been wondering about the day of judgement, they havo been troubling them selves about a great many questions in regard to religion, and they do not find peace imme diately, and they say, "Here, I'll give it all up. I will not be bothered any more;" and so they got rest; but it is the rest of the drowning man who, after half an hour battlin" with the waves, says, " There's no use; 5 oan't swim ashore, I'll drown;" and ho goes down. Oli, n-o do not tide the fact that to become a Christian demands tho gathering up of all tho energies of the soul. Wo do not deny the fact that there may bo strong dyings out and tears, that there may bo sleepless nights, that thero may be loss of appetite until food shall become loathsome but who are wo that, having fought God for 20 or 30 years, wo should become spiteful and rebellious becauso in ouo day or hour, or in one . week or mouth, we do not find pardon ? I havo known men who, after 40 or 50 years contend ing against God, warriug with all tho con centrated passions and powers of their nature against tho Lord Almighty, were indignant because at tho first prayer they did not get . blessing. Alas! alas! if after a few tears and I a few-struggles wo surrender our retys-ious im pressions, and in a matter about which wo can afford to make no mistako wo look back, I see there aro many souls hero to-day, all surrounded by temptations that would keep them away from God and heaven-temptations to the right; temptations to tho loft, tempta tions behind them, temptations before them and I .tell you now, that your only deliver ance is in tho -strength of tho Lord God Al i ^iohty, to trample them down and go on get ting the victory through tho Lord Jesus Christ. Alas.' if you surrender and aro out to pieccs by tho bombardment from all sides, rotir only way out is forward into,the liberty and light of tho | gospel. Alas! if now you look back. IV. ! havo to remark that the vast majority | of tlioso who onco saw their duty, and started heaven wan], but havo looked back, never start again and aro lost. There is nothing short of tho thunders o£ the last day that will rouse them, and'that will bo too late. I think that out of-overy hundred eases thero aro not more than one or two that. over start heavenward again. I do not know there is more than one out of a thousand. Having started and stopped, t hey, stop for ever, so far an religious impres sions 'aro emicern^V. Misfortunes conic-no divino_!illoviatiou for them. Sickness comes no divino physibian for theiu. Death comes 110 divino warmth to take oil' tho chill, or heavenly lamp to illumine the darkness. They die crying, " No hope In and plunging down into the bottomless depth, the winds whistle it, " ?i° hope I and destroyed spirits re-echo it, "No hope!" and everlasting ages hand it an to everlasting ages! but there is no liupa, THey sotted; tKej--e'tDjipecJ, th'ey looted baci; dfld that ehded Weir tipportiiiJiiies for solvation. Ihey became lost men. But, as I have just now remarked, there ire exceptions to the rule, and I preach this morn ing to those exceptions. I want to tell those who have begun to seek after God, but have surrendered their religious impressions, of a Saviour's compassion and the bleeding croBs of a dyitig .Tenils ! Sinful soiii. wiiat Ihoi! tloite! Crucified the eternul Son. Oh, how could you look back? Did you know it was at fearful hazard ? that the death anzel might smite you ? that the door might shut f that the Holy Spirit might fly away and leave you undone and desolate ? Oh, what a inercy that God spared you ; that when you ltioked hack God did not look back; that when you stopped praying. .God did not stop be seeching; that tho blt/t/d of tic atonement, upon which you put your ungrateful foo{;.did not cry out in vengeance against your soulI look upon you with amazement. I thrill with horror at the risk you ran. I feel as if to-day I must with unwonted earnestness lay hold of that soul, lees the mandate from the throne go forth, ''Cuthim down! why cumbereth he the gound?" Oh, God, spare him another hour. Hold back the decree. Knock once more at the iron grate of his soul. Fly, messenger of sal vation* and make quick, work ere it be too late. But why should I.my brother, plead with you about your duty when you know it better than I can tell-you ? Sfinistera of religion may get seme norelty of expression and some originality df illustration; but; after alij we feel that we are. arindunbifig the same did truths that have been ringing through the Church of Christ ? lor ages, We dare preaeh no other'doctrine, for the apostle says, " If any one, though he be an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel, let him be accursed." Yes, my friends, you know all this story. You "will not in the last great day be able to plead ignorance. You know if you die out of Christ, you die for ever. You know that the days of your probation on earth are so uncer , tain that nothing can be more uncertain. You ! know that in proportion as the soul's opporhi nities for ^ salvation have been numerous and I elevated, its last account will be stupendous. You know-you cannot doubt it-that beyond | the margin of this life there is another life^-a glorious heaven or an awful hell, and that towards one of those destinies you are speeding swifter than the lightning! You know all that. You know it so well that you can never &&T; you did not know it. Could you blame God if He should cease importuning *? Could you blame the Holy Ghost if He should be goner Could you blame the Lord Jesus Christ if He should say, "I have done. I pleaded with that man. He has rejected Me. Now I will reject him r ** What plea, what excuse i could you make at the last day ? Could you say, " I never had any chance * Why, "the open books of judgement would show you the record of Sabbaths-sermons-10,000 religious advantages. Would you say, " I never was warned ?" The story would be told on that day that you were often impressed with the I uncertainty of life; men falling on either side ! of you; accidents crashing into eternity men | and women, perhaps, whom you knew ri^ht well, and whom you knew were not ready to I S°* | Would you say on that day, " I could not [ convert myself God would reply, "I was ready at your call, by omnipotent Spirit, I to convert you." Ah, no, my brother, on that day, if you neglect what I tell vou this morn 1 'mS? you will be speechless. The voice of your conscience affirming the stern decrees of God, it will need no sentence from the throne-vou will utter your own sentence. It will need* no implement of torture-your conscience will be the inquisition. God will not push you off, you will jump off. No apology to make. No possible escape. Then and there you will see the awful mistake you made in this wotfd-having put your hand to the gospel plough, in an evil hour tempted by the devil and allured by a sinful world, you looked back. If you should sell a thousand pounds* worth of goods and get for them a worthless note, if you should go into a speculation, and your partner in the speculation should go off with all tho capital, you would not be so cheated as you have been ten thousand times cheated about your soul; and Satan, encour aged by tho fact that he has robbed you sue cessfully so often, attempts now to swindle you out of heaven. There are some of you to whom God has given very largo faculties for usefulness. If you had coino into the kingdom of God, you might have made tho Church of Christ rejoice long ago, and what vast useful ness you might have accomplished with tho mental furniture which God gave you! And yet, I think, that you are ready to admit that, so far as your owu soul is concerned, and so fur as the wel fare of others is concerned, your life has been a failure, and tho only question is now, whether the few remaining years of your life shall go in.tho same diiection. Oh, if at last you havo a deliborato going out of this world; if, lying down to dio, you know you are going to die, and you havo an opportunity of .-looking back upon your life, I am afraid that your pillow* will bo very hard and thorny. That must be a mighty Catholicon which can soothe tho anguish of a man looking back upon a -wasted lifo. Amid tho chief sorrows of that day to you will bo tho consideration that you onco were almost disenthralled from sin, that onco you did make up your mind to seek after God, and did really start heavenward, :ind put your hands on tho plough, but lacking in persistence of purpose, and wrongly estimating tho hoards you ran, and deceived by tho fatal spirit of procrastination, you looked back. "Behold, now is tint accepted time, now* is the day of salvation." Look to Christ, and live. 