8I1TA3 :??? .t The Jjifimore correspondent of the Express wtitesV^We Have'nb'w', is the latest ex citoment. a'gliost. : It is true it is so far invisible, but we have heard it ; or some of our townspeople have. At present it con fiiies'its'bporatious to rapping on tho walls of .sag. |Yy. Knight's dwelling, where it commenced operations at about 9: o'clock r -on last Thursday night— Mr. Knight being absent at ,the time'- Mrs. Knight, who thought-it was someone knocking outside, c^Jlodi out,' .but getting no reply took: a \- light and wont outside, but no one was about. Later on Constable Kennedy and \- Brew came, and searched the house idside;-' an4', out, and .underneath, .but loud and close to scare tSem, no 'cause C!j{ildiJbe:'.fo'Und ? for it. The wall was rapped violently, and the delf, &o;: , shaken on it, although there xraa a light in the room ; .'arid 1 the spot where tno rapping seemed- to -occur was seen and pointed out. Thfcliwalltfa'J af; single weatherboard -one, \?ithoutlining or anything against it _ to conceajiany animal, or 'mechanism which might used to cause the knocks— therefore the matter is so far- inexplicable. ?r Perso^s who have witnessed it say the ra^8(to6 '.sttfftiingly' toud and sadden, and seem to be on the bare boards. As might be expected, Mrs. Knight w. suffering very much|frotn' the shock to system^ for when tne'1 first ; knocking ,%ame she was alwe („withr several , little children, her hui&apdi; being away, from Lismore for a ^ couple of days. The knocking came again at intervals 6nrFriday and Saturday nights, and although all sorts of means were re eorted'to^to -flnd -out the causej atid .both objurgations and adjurations used to exorase the~tr,o;ublesome spirit, yet it kept upWtB-ttiost inexplicable atid unbecoming behaviour. So far the affair is a complete mystery, which , would prove interesting to meddlers in 'occult matters. Anyway, I am sdrity *°r the poor lady,1 who had been so (Ktatlyslaraiedtasto'cause -her to be eeripfisly, ill ifroai tha, disturbance, and who naturally thinks it preeagee some evil to her or her 'family.' „ ? 