T/EfiTST.ATTVE! COTFNCIXi. The Pkbsedksi took the Chair at 2 o'clock TARTPP REVISION BILL. ?Hie Hon. D. MUJSKAi, in resuming tne debate en the second reading, said he had new addressed the Cfounsil on aquestion m which he had had more difficulty in coming to a aeeision. bu yruGuvisiea jua always been and were still in favour of free trade. Hereditarily and by education he was a Freetrader, and his business relations made him lean towards an unrestricted inter change of goodB, while the arguments in fa vo ail oi free trade coald not be satisfactorily con teadictedV Set he felt constrained to vote for the Bill— {Hear, hear)— because we re quired all the revenue we could get to make both ends meet and to wipe off the deficit. He did not believe in protection as a prin ciple, bat he did not see much to choose be tween this tariff and that which, it waa to replace. r The last tariff waa most objectionable. It waa proposed as a protectionist tariff, bntithad signally failed in many respects. One or two industries were rather harmed. To tha tailoring and making-up trade- it. certainly did much harm, and it led to the imDortation of goods previously made here. We would obtain about £50,000 extra from the new tariff, Of this about £36,000 was made up by extra duties on drapery. This tariff was better than the last. Free trade was impossible under the present cir cumstances of our finances, for we could not do without the revsnne. If this Bill were rejected the already protracted diHcusaion would be renewed next session. The time should be devoted to more important mat ters. Dr. Campbell's figures with reference to the proportion of the population engaged in manufactures were not altogether fair. He had compared the year 1883 in South Aus tralia, the best year we had experienced, with the average for ten years in Victoria. He had shown that while in 1883 the proportion of the population employed in manufactures in South Australia was 44, the average in Victoria for ten years was 4 '6, making the two almost alike, but last year the figure for this colony was 31, and for Victoria 4*9, so that the leeway we had to make up was not 1,800 men, but something like three tunes as many. Why in three years had the proportion of peraona employed in manufactures in this colony been reduced one-third? Simply on account oi the bad times. It was interesting to kno w that when a colony went in for protection not more than 5 per cent: of the population would be employed in providing the local supply. It was a n»intake to say that money was sent out of the colony in bad times. It waa when we were doing a large trade that money was sent away. The time to establish industries waa when trade was good, as it ought to be next year after the good season. Every new country should extend itB manu factures and its products, and not remain satisfied with a few staple products. In any country at first simple manufactures must be carried out in addition to the staple products. He referred more particularly to butter, cheese, and dried fruits. If we did not make good butter, cheese, &c;, and use the articles we raised from the ground, we should be compelled to do so by a prohibitive duty. He did not- call that protection— it was a piece of education. We had to export our surplus productions to import articles necessary for every civilized community,' such as iron and me t&l;, timber, ? textile , fabrics, machinery, and watches. Trade between countries in some re spectB should be carried on in the same way as trade in districts where free interchange was desirable. It would be better to exchange goods which we could manufacture for those which we could not instead of attempting to manufac ture them at a great loss. Therefore, we should depend upon our wheat, com, and mineials, which we could produce cheapest, for the necessary imports of raw material, necessaries, and luxuries. For tiie luxuries we had a right to pay a sufficient duty aB revenue. Some of the articles cf drapery were luxuries, and could bear the imposition of a fairly large duty. He did not agree with protection as a per manent thing, but it was sometimes necessary as a temporary help in the initiation of in dustries. W e had to compete with England and Europe with established manufactures. Two or three things Btood in the way of our establishing industries, but these could be overcome by temporary help. Capital was needed. Some industries were left alone, because the capital required was too great. A great source of loss in the establishment of an industry was that the hands were unedu cated, and for the first two or three years the articles were spoilt and had to be disposed of cheaply. We should, not undertake any manufacture which after a time would not be able to keep out the imported article. The woollen industry could be carried on suc cessfully as soon as our artizans were sufficiently educated. Within certain limits it would be wise for us to foster, even by protection, for a few years industries whi*h could ultimately be Btable and profitable without being unfair to the consumer. Protection, how ever, to bolster up any industry year after year he would oppose. The additional taxa tion through the tariff was £50,000, and of that £36,000 to £40,000 was on drapery. Our deficit last year amounted to something like £300,000, and surely we had enough to do to raise from additional, sources, besides the Customs, sufficient to make both ends meet The burden of the extra taxation would fall on the wealthier classes, because the addi tions were principally on articles of drapery not used by the poorer classes. The imports of drapery for 18S5 amounted to about one million pounds, and by the tariff of 1886 the duty was £114,000. According to the new tariff the duty would be £150,000, but as nearly all the articles of drapery except mole skin trousera worn by the working classes were free the difference would not burden the working classes. He strongly objected to the 15 per cent on moleskin trousers, because that duty would not lead to the establishment of a factory, and would only increase the revenue to the detriment of the classes wearing those goods. He estimated that the duty paid by a man earning £2 10s. a week would not be more than 3s. weekly, if he gave up drinking beer and spirits probably la, and certainly not more than 2a. each week. Really the working man was not so heavily taxed in this country. They were told that our imports oi boots and shoes were £75,000, and of Victoria £88,000, and that the duty did not prevent the importation of boots to Victoria. But our copulation was only one- third cf that of Victoria, and therefore this £75,C00 ehould be reduced to one-third. ho tariff would exclude some of the better classes of boots, which the wearers could afford to pay for, and the increase of duty would not affect the working men's boots, which would be made here whether there was a dnty or not. It was merely imagination to think that the increase would fall very heavily on the people generally, and from a revenue point of view he almcEt wished that it was more. There were many needless alterations which would be ineffective in the direction of protection, because the manufactures which they protected were already estab lished, whether protected or not. If it waa found that a few industries were inaugurated come good would be done. The Hon. W. A. E. WESTE&SKINE; moved — 'That the House do now divide.* .negatived by 10 to 9. The Hon. fl. E. BRIGHT said that the tariff would increase the cost of living. The country was against it Thirty-five meetings Bad carried resolutions against the Bill, and only six for it This was a better teat than printed petitions sent forth from Ade laide with paid canvassers to obtain names. The country had been taken by surprise by the Bill, which at first was merely oa the principles of protection, and the admission of tea, coffee, and sugar free was put in as a sop. But now it was without the sop, and they should reject it The new duties would fall very heavily upon the poorer class ss. Besides, it was clearly proved that an in creased dnty did not lead to increased reve nue, and the tariff now claimed to be one for revenue, and not for protection. The majo rity of the colony were not the manufac turers, and Parliament should in justice consult the wishes of the majority. The agri culturalists could not bear additional taxa tion. Many of them were even now com pelled to pay a higher price for the articles* they used, notably ploughshares, which were manufactured successfully in the colony without protective duties. New South Wales, one of the strongest free trade colonies of the group, had forged ahead of the other colonies, her population exceed ing that of Victoria, whose prosperity was due not to her protective tariff bat to her soldfields. Mr. Hay had asked, what had free trade done ? It had cheapened the cost of living very extensively in the old country, which was just the opposite to what pro tection did. There would be an elec tion for the Legislative Council next year, and the question should be deferred until thec. He honed if the second reading were passed the Bill would be modified. Z 1 he Hon. W. C. JJUIK supported 'the, ?second, reading. He had consistently ad vocated the encouragement of native In dustries. Under that policy Victoria had prospered and attracted our population. The excessive importation of goods in freetrade Ed gland waa depriving thousands of their employment. Freetrade in a young colony like South Australia waa simply impossible. Two of the three of our staple products had almost failed. We must build up manu factures. The tariff did not bear unduly upon the working men. The farmers had a little reason to complain, but they had an advan tage in the protection of bacon, batter, cheese. The speakers at the country meet ings did not understand the tariff, which would have the effect of giving employment to the population. The Hon. W. WADHAM supported the amendment. He denied that if we had pursued a protective policy our popu lation would have been doubled. Sta tistics recently published showed that South Australia was not in such a backward stats as the Chief Secretary would make them believe. The protective tariff in Victoria was a retrograde step, and we ought not to have such a measure to suit a few persona here. The Hod. J. H. ANGAS supported the second reading, reserving the right to make suggestions in Committee for the benefit of farmers. There should be a free interchange of products between the colonies, and pro tection againat the outside world. Were all the other colonies to declare for freetrade, he ?would join withjthem, but when they had differential tariffs we must adopt a policy which would enable South Australia to hold' her own, and this waa beBt accomplished by protecting those industries -whioh could not be brought into operation without protection. Our manufacturing population had been re duced of. late years, because in the. other colonies. their work was protected, and they could not get employment here. It had been stated that the cost of boots and shoes would be great under this tariff, but the facts were against the statement. We exported a lot of hides, and the industry of tanning had dwindled down, throwing a lot of men out of employment. We should encourage the manufacture of leather, and thua afford additional employment to the artizans by tutting on protective duties. Dr. Campbell had not taken everything into his calcula tion about the number of men employed iu manufactories here and in Victoria. Esti mating that half of the 1,800 men were married and had five children, that would give an increased population of 7,200 people. The duties en agricultural implements should be reduced. The distribution of taxation was more equitable under a Customs tariff than any other. These increased duties generally would not necessitate higher prices to the consumer. Our wine industry waa capable of almost endless extension, and there was a market for it which we would not be able to Eupply for years. The country waa desirous of having the natural products and resources developed, and the people were in favour of protection eo far as it would secure that development. He would have no objection to limit the operation of the Act for a certiin nnmber of years, but the question was howmany years would it take to establish the industries. He questioned whether there waa any community in the world where the labouring classes were better clothed than they were in South Australia, and they would not be any worse if it were necessary for them to have less ccstiy attire. In the early days of the colony it was customary for people to be contented with blue shirts and moleskin trousera. None of the necessaries of life wonld be increased in their coat through the tariff, The Hon. H. SCOTT considered that the title of the Bill should have read, 'A Bill specially calculated to iojure the producers and men employed in various industries, and for unduly promoting the temporary welfare of some of their employers until a surplus of manufactures renders their production un profitable to masters and men.' A good deal had been said about the desirability of pro tective duties to establish industries. If a moderate protective duty would have that effect the incidental advantages might pca siblv justify them in giving the industries a chance, though such a course would be risky, because once duties were imposed it was very hard to have them taken off, but when one amount of protective dutjr had established a number of industries, which it was proved could not be carried on pro fitably, there were continuous demands to increase the duties until the articles became almost prohibitive to the consumer. As suming that there was anything in the argument iuBtifying the imposition of a 25 per cent, duty, why had it been imposed on those articles most useful to a large class of producers endeavouring to make the land profitable ? Would it tend to an increased growth of corn or wool ? Was it not calculated to increase the difficulties of people engaged in those pursuits, and thus cause manyof them to abandon their under takings ? What would be the effect if Eng land were to tax our wool and wheat, which were aa necessary to her as clothing and hardware were to South Australia? She might retaliate if we went on increasing our protective duties. As to producing in our own colony the articles we required to use, if that argument were carried to the full extreme it wonld seriously affect the price of freight on the wheat, wool, and minerals we exported. If a ship had nothing to biing to the colony the rate of freight on what she took away must be higher. The chief sufferers would be the farmers. If we increased the expense of working the laud we diminished the value. Two years ago when they hesitated in the Council to piss a 15 per cent, tariff they were urged to accept it as a compromise because if they did not do so a 25 per cent, tariff would be forced upon them the next session. But faith had not been kept. Give them an inch and they took, an elL The Government hoped that the tariff would keep out the cheaper goods. Why should we seek to keep them out? Why should we legislate for few manufacturers at the cost of the pro ducers of our main staples ? He tailed to see how the value of the land would be enhanced if they diminished its products. Even in America, with all its natural advantages and its immigration, the deepest thinkers were coming round to the idea that it was high time they reverted to free trade before they suffered from a plethora of manufactures which they coald not export at a profit. They were reaping the whirlwind which they had sown by their protective duties. He was grieved at the inconsistency which allowed members who utterly condemned the Bill to vote for it The figures of Dr. Campbell showed the futility of a protective tariff. It was better to produce ironware where iron and coal were cheap and wheat and wool where they could be grown cheaply, and not toy to reverse the natural order of things. We should not discourage the pro ductitn of natural products for the sake of bringing about a temporary prosperity among a fey employers of operatives. If we in creased the products of the colony by turn ing a desert into a garden we would be en riching the colony, but spending money in pots and kettles did not enrich the country. In 1865, when Victoria had a population of 621,095 people, and the exports amounted to £13,150,748, or £21 3s. 5d. per head, that was at the end of a most serious drought In 1885, at the end of another drought, the population was 991,867, and the exports were £15,551,758, or £13 13a. 7d. per head : a decrease oz about £3 10s. per head. In New South Wales in 1S85 there were 42,829 em ployed in manufactures; in 1886 the number was 45.783. an increase of 2,951, or 6 9 per cent In Victoria, in 1885, the number was 41,419 ; in 1886 it was 41,545, an increase of 126, or 3 per cent The increase in New South Wales was 230 times the proportion in Vic toria, New South Wales had a population in 1866 el 43i,4i3 persons, and in 1886 it waa estimated at 1,000,000, an increase of 131 per cent. In Victoria in 1SS6 the population waa 636.9S2, and in 18S6 it was estimated at 1 ,000,000, an increase of 57 per cent So that the increase in New South Wales was con siderably more than double that of Victoria. Then take the imports and exports. In Ne*v South Wales the average for the years 1869 70-71 was £18,309.351, and for the years 1883 4 5 was £40,610,536, an increase of £22,301,185. In Victoria for the same period the amounts were £29,399,344 and £34,330,390, the increase being only £4.930,916, so that in comparatively freetrade New South Wales the increase had been live times that of protectionist Victoria. (Hear, hear.) Victoria had the lead in insolvencies ! From 1868 to 1885 there had been in New South Wales 11,522 insolvencies, with a deficiency of £4,4S6,658, while in Victoria during the same period there had been 18,001 insolvencies, ghosting a deficiency of £6,266,S90. He had distinctly refused at a meeting in the Town Hall, at which 1,000 operatives were present, to vote for a protec tive tariff, and he accepted his election a3 an indication of the wishes of the Central Dis trict, where protectionists would be most Hkelv to have a majority. The Hon. M. SALOil said some members had been almost coerced into giving a vote contrary to their principles. He could under stand that under peculiar circumstances pro tection in the shape of boantiea might b& accorded to encourage the production of the natural staples of the country, bat is would be a mistake to apply the principle in a small community in order to enable them to become general manufacturers. Oar first duty should be to develop oar natural resources and to prcduce articles for sale to others who required them in exchange for their manu : facturer. We Bhould supply oar own re : quiremeots by fau;iog from those who could produce the goods we consumed cheaper than we could ourselves. An attempt to emDloy ; population by means of a protective tariff meant taxing the many for the Bake of. . a .. ?_ f§w manMacMrers; .\ ManyL votes for the Bill would be due merely to a desire to prevent direct taxation upon the property-owners. He was a thorough freetrader, but he hoped this colony _ would never shut her doors to all countries outside the Australian colonies, While we had universal suffrage every man should contribute towards the revenue pro rata with the prosperity he pos sessed. He did not rely upon wheat as an export. Attention should be given to the making of winea, the cultivation of the olive, and other pursuits. (Hear, hear.) If the local bootmakers had to supply 200,000 people with four pairs of boots per annum, 15,385 pairs would be sold weekly, and that number could be manufactured by 615 persons, giving each an average of 25 pairs per week, so that unless we had a very large influx of population very few more shoe makers would be employed, The same thing applied to other trades. The Bill should be rejected. The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON said the tariff would give additional employment and cheapen the price of goods made and pro duced here. Since the duty of 3d. psr lb. was imposed on bacon the ^average price of bacon was much leas than before. While Protectionist Victoria had a surplus of nearly half a million, free-trade New South Wales had a deficiency of £2,500,000. The Hon. J. G. RAMSAY briefly replied The. second reading was carried on the following division :— „. 'AYBS.S... : Hona. J. H. Angas Hons, A. M. Simpson W.a.Buik E.A.Tarlton A Hay ;. . . fcTomkinson D. Murray . ? .' . ~ And Bon. J. G. Bamsay (teDer). ? .-??-, ;-.? hoks.4. Hors. W. B. Murray I Hon. H. Scott ? M.Salom ? , ,:' \ . . ... --,*- And Hon. Dr. Campbell (teller).- ? ' : ? paiks: -- . ~ ^Ates. ? Hoes. : Hona. W. K. Scams Hems H. K. Bright J Martin . W.Copley- : J. Dunn . . : . J. Bosworth W. A. B. West-Ers- B. a Baker kine ; ' ' J. RanMne. T. Pickering. The Bill was taken formally into Com mittee, To sit again on Tuesday. ADJOURNMENT. , . The Council at thirteen minutes past 6 adjourned until Tuesday at 2 p.m. 