HOE AbND FOnIGB N NEWS. Somini sl?lang sights w'rivo witnoasd on Tunosdlny nat OCIrpatas, duling tIllo oxoontion nof~ man n?nod CGiousl, who hand nmurdcrod n littlo girl of oighllt solo anoibths ?go, Clianous thorught ho would Iho roprlovod at tho last imoInot, 'Whein his doatlih.w rant was road to him ha nappoarod onlm, and at. tnln(id to tie n? lnnitratlions of iho ohlilaina. ]3oforei guotting ito tho v'an whiilui was to tako hhiin to t ho guillioitno bii sinokod a cigar. otto andl cdrnnlk n glass of rum, An io?nions? orowd hlad assolilllb o to sac him dia, nul an soon as thu khid fa snyv d his hoad froai his body thla popl)o burst tihrough thlo ly of trool ps l a ?'d rashd to thu guilIlotni, w hor'( ohihi ron woro ipriingld winti thu mutednor's blood., 'Ihlis ha?rnill ' pl'rooulldli?g is boliaovod in thi soulh tlo Lh olilunloau I., lprovontgl? ohlhitrn froam bloooinIl muihuororsa thoni. s?iolves, MIuch excitement and alarm has been catised at H-ostooklr, near flolton, by the re ported appearance of a ghost at a spinning. mill. According to the statements made by a number of the workpcople, who say tlhey have seen the ghost, it haunts the place morning and night, and so alarmed have tlhe workpcople become that they will not enter the mill in tile morning individually. The ghost is said to be that of a spinner who died 12 months ago. An overlooker, a very in telligent man, spoke to it the other night, about 10 o'clock, but got no answer; and the watchman says he saw it wallking about the mill on Sunday night. A Anarchist named Oldment Duval was sentenced to death at Paris, for stabbing a detective who was attempting to rescue him for the burglary at MZdme. Lamerro' house Rue M\onceau, last October, . T'lhe lhouso, which has imprudently been left empty by its owners on their going into the country for the season, was plundered and set on fire. Duval admitted the burglarly, but alleged that a confederate had taken part in it. He impudently justified the act, declar ing that the proceedls were to be spent in the Anarchist propaganda, HIo had pre viously been convicted of larceny, and had deserted his wife. I-Hec attempted an olabor ate justification of the burglary, and, on being stopped by the Judge, exclaimed that he would devote the stolen money to blow ing up the Court. He became so wild that at length he had to be removed, on which his wife and other sympatbisers raised cheers for anarchy and the social revolution. The wife and five others were taken into cus tody. Duval was brought back to receive sentence, and tlhe other Anarchists, cowed by the arrests, remainehd silent. Such an uproarious scene has seldom beoon witnessed in a court of justico. 