A BIRD'S EYE VIEW. A moonless night, dark and cold, the broken clouds speeding rapidly overhead before a boisterous wind. Timid man, whoso nature is not attuned to withstand the bitterness of the elements, finding no cheer in the contemplation of the heavens, cleaves (o his mother earth, and seeks for comfort which is of the world. Great rejoicings are in progress — rejoicings in which all people join, yonng and old, poor and rinhi lb highways, the wide fd-'q aaff sloping lands offih' conntry "aro"deserte3, given up- to the sweep of tbe chilling' blsist,' whilst the streets of tho towne ore choked with warmly clad, vociferating and joyous people holding high carnivaL Hp in the air a great bird had poised itself in the gloaming over the hnge expanse of habitations which are comprised in the metropolitan distriot of Melbourne. It was a fowl, with broad, strong wings and prominent eyes, that seemed to observe everything end com mit it to memory. Sharp-sighted as it was, however, it conld make ont nothing very plainly in the inky depths below nntil past 6 o'clock when gradually a prospect opened out before it The few dim and scattered lights whioh had marked the trend of the streets for an hour previously were being gradually aug mented, and as time advanced the rate of augmentation increased. This was especially noticeable over tha city where the points of light seemed to be momentarily concentrating in ono vast body. Later on, when this area, by reason of the multiplication of rays, had become almost in appearance one solid mass of bril liant firo, it was seen to be gradually extending laterally around the shores of the Bay, and to be adding to itself new beanties by displaying frequent scintillations of colored beams- By 8 o'olock tho scene from aloft was, indeed, a charming one. From Brighton on the one side to Williamstown on the other, a large fiery crescent lay, broken it is trne here and there but only as tbe concavo semi-oircleof tbo new moon is broken, with shadows thst aro complimoutary to the incandescent mass which is not bedimmod. The great bird blinked with pleasure when he saw all this, and finding that the atmosphere of tho particular elevation which enabled him to take such an interesting coup ti'ait was particularly cold, he shook his fea thers and took " a header." Having perched then upon the summit of the Exhibition dome he was enabled to indulge himself with a nearer view. The charm of the crescent was now dissolved, and a less etherialised, although hardly less impressive scene greeted his vision. Spread out before him lay tbe heart of the great city in its fairest features, all the moan abodes and squalid purliens being enshrouded in fitting gloom, whilst the broad avenues of traffic, the'stately hutldings and asthctic Bpires were bright with rainbow tinted radiance. Every honso of any magni tude, whilst basking in the fairy light of colored fires that wcro freely burnt in squareB and publio places, displayed special charms of its own, in burning orowns or stars or coatB of arms. Transparencies of many kinds were also numerous, and what With lilnzlng mounts and founts and scorching dragons, Bins stars and white. An! Llood red light, And dr.zzhng wheels fit for enchanters' waggoni, the rant avis who was taking stock nearly lost his equilibrium. Presently, the wind dies away a little, tho atmosphere clears and the stars shine out Taking the favorable opportunity thus to hand, tho authors of the great pbantnsmagorian exhibition below, being fully charged with oloctrio joy and revelling in mental intoxication with tho sight of thoir strangely transfigured city, send off into the upper ether noisy and parti-colored fireworks. So everything Is light and bright ana busy, IVhllo hoaxed nstronomors look up and stare From tall observatories dumb and dizzy To sec a squib in Cassiopeia's chair, A serpent wriggling Into Charles's Wain, A Ilotnan candle lighting the Great Be.tr. A rocket tangled In DIana'a train, And crackers stack IS llorentce'j hair. Imaging tbe discomfiture of the great bird at all this. He was continually dodging "bombs," aud patting his head under his wing to sholter himsolf from " goldou rain," but, like the reporters at election meetings, he was bound to stand his ground in the interests of tho public, and ho did so. I Towards 10 o'clock, when the illuminations were as brilliant as ever, but the play of fire works required less attention, the keeper of this vigil turned his mind to the contemplation of other sightseers like himself, who occupied less elevated positions ; to the struggling maes of population in th6 loading streets of theoity, the delights, the vicissitudes and mortifications of individuals. Truly it seemed comfortnble ant exalted to be the occupant of a buggy or a trap from which to gaze at ease upon the miraoles of the illuminator's art, without being liable to have one's pocket picked, or one's corns pul verised, but it bad its drawbacks No funeral procession ever went slower than this cortege of tho affluent classes, and in tho loug and brilliant night they perhaps saw less, aud certainly felt more cold, than the elbowing crowd surrounding thorn. Tbe wise old bird saw all this, and that the man with no blemishes, strong bob-nailed boots and a warm pea jaoket, with well-knit shoulders under it, was the person who was most likely to get the fullest satisfaction In the crush on the muddy footpaths ; not that the mob was notgood humored enough and courteous, as mobs go, to tho weaker sex and the decrepid, but the lattor class, whilst given much precedence cheerfully, cannot resist the temptation occasionally of ondeavoring to attain more advantage than is altogether fair, and then of course tbo battle is to the strong. It was noted that the struggles occurred principally at the street corners and crossings and they were often very severe, but in other places if people were careful to swim with tbo tide tbey pro gressed in safety. The watchful bird found muoh to interest him amongst the pedestrians. They were suoh a varied congregation. Every grade of society was represented, from the member of Parliament and gentlemen of leisure, all through the professional olssses, the civil service and banking "set," the officials of what Mr. Woods calls the " gold lace and gilt button" department and the small tradesmen. Persons from the country wore very numerous. flood sons of tho tlllago From many > vllUgo But people of lowly degroo ; All honest and active Yet most unattractive And awkward as awkward can he. After ' looking at those people very care- folly the bird . inferred that they were thoroughly enjoying themselves, that they were much impressed with the splendor of all they saw anil that apart from the usual heartburn ings whioh arise whon people, as they often do in crowds, see their sweetboarts, or their wives, or their husbands very much engaged in other people's sodiaty, tbe only knotty point which the population as a whole found it diffi cult to settle after passing through tho ordeal of the streets was, whioh of all the con- spiouonsly ugly libels upon the visage of her IJuvl Gtaitiuua Llujeuiy, appearing npon the various transparencies, bora tbo truest re semblance to Victoria R. Who can acoount for thoughts? Why should a man be happy one moment and regretful the next ? Why should even a bird have his intervals of non-content ? Yet they come. The grove which ib tremulous with song for ope pinule is dumb and desolate the next. Our feathered friend on the Exhibition dome took to musing on Jubilees. It is always a risky thing to oontemplata the shades of a pic ture. Prohably had the sightseers who thronged the illuminated thoroughfares of Melbourne only trespassed into the gloom of unlighted Streets they would have seen muoh to change the current of their iemotions ; but this bird noted all, and couldn't help it. In this Jubilee he saw the culminating celebration of a life time ; not only of tbe earthly existence of the Queen, but of the great majority of all who took part in it. It is not all joy and gladness that occupies one's thoughts when this fact is considered in every bearing, and it is realise 1 that, prob ably, in no otber Jubilee which so nearly con cerns the nation will any person now living bear a part. Our Sovereign Lady herself, naturally elated and Impressed as she must be with tbe spontaneous and overwhelming out burst of loyalty which the occasion has pvoked from her subjeots throughout the Empire, cannot belp reflecting, when the wave of excitement has passed, that bnt a very restricted vista lies before her npon earth. How few there are now living who remember the Jubilee of George HI. in 1810. Like as the tlsmitzk rose you see. Or like Cite blossom on the tree, Or like tbe dainty flower la Mar. Or like the morning of tbe day, Or like tboeua. orlUre tbe shade,- Or like the gourd which Jonas had; E'en soclt 1s msa—wbose thread la span, Drawn oat, ned coL led so Is dona. The rms sll>wwiti>dds»a8lsmpp, Tbeflowcr fides, the morning baste th; ; Tho son sets, the shadow files, 'The gourd consumes, and man— he dies 1 Hurriedly consoling himself with the reflection that this Jnbilee, if it be tbe chef d'mcre ol our generation in a festive wey, is at anyratU being right thoroughly kept, showing that we make the beat of onr chances white we haw them, the pensive bird turned to complete his review of the proceedings. He noted how gaily lighted were all the ships how thoroughly contented were the cabmen, with their vehicles drawn up in lines bpydnd the boundaries of tho restricted city area, wait ing to charge sixfold fares for driving people homewards when the exodus took place to the snbnrbs after the entertainment; how many hungry rats were eat ing wax matches in houses and stores in place remote from fire brigade stations, with the h«ftign object pf ruining the-insnraaoe companies; pov light hesrtpdly the thieves of Melbourne celpb.rate.the Jubilee by ran Racking unprotected premises ; and, in fact, what jolly fun the mice of civilisation have in every direo- tjon whilst the cats of that ilk are away. He was still engaged ruminating in this manner, when one by one the illuminations went ont, gradually the roar of the multitude in the crowded city became lees, until, finally, as the last trains left the stations and 12 p.m. olangod out from the various clocks, all was be coming still, sombre, cold and melancholy onoe again. Then tbe wearied but woll intentioned fowl, after plaming Mb feathers and stretch ing himself, flow away and left the town to the spirits of darkness, which snper- stitution believes to be at that time on tho qui vive, convinced that it was the proper thing for him to do, for When the night wlnil howls In ths chimney cowls and tho bat In the moonlight flies. And Inky clouds, like funeral shrouds, sail over ths midnight sklos ; When the foot- pads quail at tbe nlght-hlrd'a wall and black dogs hay tho moon. Then Is tho spectres' holiday— then Is tbe ghosts' high noon." 