WHAT'S THE ODDS ? OR, PICKED UP AT SEA. A Buicidal sensation in several Spasms. By Ned P. Mah. 1. The dying day's last taint of gore has faded from the west : All signs of toil are over, all nature is at rest. The pale stars twinkle peacefully in the mighty arc o'er head, and kiss, the sleeping river in its willow-guarded bed. The silent zephyrs stealing, scent laden, o'er the hill, loy idly witn, but move not, the huge arms of the mill. Hushed is the bleating of the lambs, the lowing of the kine, And in a silence, as of death, the hills and dales combine. The many voiced and feathered choir in the weird woods is still, And wreathed and ghost-like phantoms the misty valleys fill. The only sign of human life that lingers to the night, Is given from the mansion upon the Beacon Height : The old ancestral mansion that frowns upon the stream, From out whose ivy clambered front the lighted windows gleam, As if some old three decker a giant hand upraised, And fired the entrails of the ship until the portholes blazed. n. With the sheen of waxen tapers the grand old halls were bright With the crystal constellations of the brilliant chandeliers. A throng of motley revellers moved 'neath the flood of light, A throng of smiling ladies and of gallant cavaliers. And jewels blazed resplendent, and bosoms flashed their snow, And eyes shot challenges of love in quick and sparkling glance! And the liquid notes of music, in soft voluptuous flow, Ruled the intricate mazes of the ever changeful dance. And myriad trivial incidents had happened e're the morn, Whose memory through after years should ever soothe or rankle, How some cruel Lady Flora had shewn bewitching scorn How celestial were the contours of my Lady Chloe's ankle. And lying mirrors glamour still reproduced the bright Display of youth and beauty in fairy-like profusion, In a sweet deceptive mirage seduced the dazzled sight, With an infinite perspective of magical illusion. One maid there moved in every charm conspicuously fair A Venus in her beauty and a Juno in her pride, ' And to beaux who thronged around her with coy coquettish air In her laughter's soft low music, and with polished wit, replied! But aye, a dreamy absent look would steal into her eyes, The siren laugh, the merry speech, uprose not from her heart Her lovely bosom rose and fell oppressed with silent sighs ' Her blythe and courteous bearing was but an acted part. ' Her restless glances seemed to seek one absent from the crowd, Her listening ear attentive to hear some loved voice ring, ' And her whole being seemed to say to him who watched, aloud, " These are my subjects. Where is he to whom I bow as king." III. Shunning the garish light, The revel's gay delight, Out in the chilly night He stood alone, In the weird midnight hour, Upon the crumbling tower, Where ivy dark the owl's grim bower- Embraced the stone. And o'er the parapet Afar his gaze was set, Where stream and ocean met, In reverie. Sweet music smote his ear, Her voice he seemed to hear, The form that he held dear He seemed to see. Then on his sleeve a maid, Timid and half afraid, Gently a white hand laid, Breaking the spell. Like some fair angel sent, With merciful intent, A soul with anguish rent, Of hope to tell. " Why are you here? " he cried, " To mock me and deride My grief in your young pride ? Seek not to cope, With rancour which in you were sin, Revel mid natures which are kin, Nor strive, from cherished gloom, to win The misanthrope." " Oh, hard of heart," she said, " Though sternly you upbraid, I will not be dismayed, Am I to blame ? Our true friends are but few, 'Tis wicked to eschew, Hearts that for friendship sue With honest aim." " You are as some mad fisherman, Who the full net doth ever scan For one small lost fish, which he can Never regain. Who never heeds the gleaming prey, But flings the gifts of heaven away, Weakly, as in childish play, Into the main." " Or, like some maniac mariner, Whose saner sight strange fancies blur, By demons in his soul astir, To doom decoyed. Who sees the beacon o'er the main, Yet wildly steers through storm and rain, Beating ocean-ward again, Self destroyed." " Despise me not, though deem it bold you may, I thus the dictates of my heart obey, But heed the warning words 1 say, Indeed you ought ; And let it be my pride to know, I lit the torch, whose friendly glow, Piercing the dark waves of your woe, Led you to port." He turned, and straight hiB vision fell On brimming orbs, deep as the well, Where fabled truth is said to dwell — Clear, pure, and fair. Seizing her head in his two hands, Swiftly a chaste salute he lands, Beneath the silken, pearl-bound bands Of her bright hair. " O soul, too young and bright, To fathom dark despair aright : Be from thy heart the memory of this night For ever banished, Let not the shadow of my woe Sully thy youthful joy. The path I go, Natures like thine may never know." He spoke and vanished. IV. The unused steed stands stiffening in his stall, The idle knaves grow insolent and fat, The listless hound lies yawning on his mat, And silence reigns in each deserted hall. The dust lay thick upon the rotten tomes, And spiders wove their argent webs unchecked. The rats ran riot, nor of danger recked, And mice in mouldy wardrobes made their homes. The fruitful woods were filled with feathered game, The happy foxes feared not hound nor horn, Weeds choked the flowers, and tares replaced the corn, And hares and rabbits grew absurdly tame. Lord of the stately mansion and fair lands, The Hypochondriac paced the groves forlorn, And cursed the hour in which he had been born. " Ghost of myself, why live ? To other hands " For worthier use let me give all," he cried. This end was ever in his thoughts — he planned How he might die, yet not by his own hand, By seeming accident concealing suicide. V. The squire forsook his sleepless couch at the first gleam of dawn, He strode towards the casement and looked out upon the morn. A boisterous gale was blowing straight from the chill north-east, And as the day grew greyer, its furious force increased. The shooting coat and sportman's gear were quickly on his back, He reached a double-barrelled gun down from the dusty rack. And thus equipped and booted, descended to the hall, Where an old and trusty water hound responded to his call. Forth stalked the squire into the storm with the old dog at his heel, Beneath his arm the fowling piece of twisted Damase steel. And as he trod the winding path down to the river's brim, A grey-haired keeper stopped the way and doffed his hat to him. " I hope I see you well, Squire, your Honor's early out, 'Twould do the folks' hearts good, Sir, to see you more about. 'Tis famous time for shooting, Squire, the ducks is flying low, As well they may in this here gale, for surely it do blow." " I bad a fancy, Richard, once more to try my luck, 'Tis long since I molested the wild goose or the duck. But, keeper, you are growing grey, you ought to take more care, Old men should keep their beds at nights, my friend, why arn't you there ? " " Why are you out in the bleak blast before the day is light ? " "'Taint nothing strange for me, Squire, I'm mostly out all night, 'Tis them there plaguy poachers, they has their night lines set, True, I be growing old, Squire, but L.be match for'm yet." " Let me help you with the boat, Squire," They set the craft afloat. The old retriever wagged his tail and jumped into the boat. The sails were quickly hoisted, then the squire turned and said : ' Thanks for your help, good Richard, now hie you home to bed." The keeper stood bareheaded. The boat the current clave, And, bending gently to the breeze, bounded from wave to wave, Now flying free before the gale, now close hauled to the wind, As in great writhings serpentine the river turned and twined. Still like a sentient thing of life through the white foam she sped. While the wild game flew unheeded, and the curlew screeched o'erhead, And the old hound eyed his master, and then he eyed the gun, And said, as plain as dog could speak, 'twas time the sport begun. But the helmsman neither spoke nor stirred, but with a vacant glare, The mad squire gazed before him in a fixed and stony stare, For on no sport was he intent. He was steering for that bourne, From whence the world in vain awaits the voyager's return. And still afar his gaze was set when the land was far behind, And naught was seen but raging sea, naught heard but wailing wind, And though the sails were rent to shreds, and the mast went by the board, The little craft rodebouyant, and the whirlwind's rage ignored. For well 'tis known a little boat may live in a great sea, Her very lack of size may prove her best indemnity. She rides upon — not breasts the waves with wild impetuous rush — Nor one has power to hold her while another leaps to crush. Thus though the tempest wildly raves and the sea runs moun tains high, The little craft disdains to sink, and the maniac cannot die, Till, his frame grown weak with huDger, and his iDmost mar row chilled, With wild delirious fancies his weakened brain is filled. YI. " Sing, O memory, to me, A song with surgings of the sea, In sympathy. A measure that shall be of kind, With the tides and wailing wind, Sing to me." " Chasing souvenirs of the past, Through long years from first to last, Last to first. To and fro in ebb and flow, Till the joys I used to know, Be rehearsed." " Let me be a child again, Learning first to say amen, From evil scatheless. Then, arrived at man's estate, Loving Laure, until too late, I found her faithless." Then the white crest of each wave Seemed angel piuions sent to save, In his soul's dearth. And pitiful seraphs merciful Sang, as it seemed, his body's knell, And his soul's birth. Then hears he wondrous minstrelsy, " Poor, wearied spirit, welcome be, To realms above. To him heaven's special pardon we Bear, with tenderest sympathy, Who dies for love." " To heaven they will carry me, An angel there will marry me, From Zion's portals I shall look down on faithless Laure, Nor rage with jealous envyings more, At grovelling mortals." Then his fancy changed anew, For the terrible hurricane grew In violence, With such access of fury that It blew the surging waters fiat, With rage intense. Then, with hideous yells and laughter, Demon swarms came hurrying after O'er the tide. And with horrible grimaces, Screech the wicked, cruel faces, " Ha, the suicide 1 " Then he sees nor sprite nor devil, Feels no sense of good or evil, But a smile Wreathes his lips. In merry dance he Flirts with quaintly comic fancy, Imbecile. One conceit among a score, Twelve jurors on a corpse, on shore Flung by the sea ; Who not being Latin scholars, Said, " Our verdict is as follers — " Fell 'o de sea." Then in mid air he sees a worm, A little writhing worm, Of caterpillar size. " See in that writhing worm, Which rides upon the storm, The worm that never dies." Then the hideous reptile grew, Passing its own body through, Woven in knots. Till in interminable coils, The clouds that lower, the sea that boils, From sight it blots. Then it became the great sea snake. " King of the sea, my home I make Beneath the tide. Of fish, and flesh, and fowl I eat, But still I find the daintiest meat, The suicide I " But at length no thought may gain, Tenor in his palsied brain, From pain released. The body chilled from head to feet, The pulses throbbed not, and the beat Of the heart ceased. VII. The storm was hushed at the dawning, but still with a mighty swell, Like the heavings of some giant breast, the sea yet rose and fell. And Ihe sun gleamed red through the patches of ragged clouds on high, And a steamship marked the horizon, huge and black against the 6ky. As white on the crest of a billow the boat gleamed, a tiny speck, The man at mast head saw it and shouted the news to the deck. Then, as the vessel rushed on, the crew were aware of a sound, Like the faint and mournful howl of a desolate dying hound. Then the steamer lay to for a moment and- a boat was got ready and manned, If ought were alive in the craft, to give it a helping hand. But when the tars were alongside, they found nothing more in the skiff, Than a dog that dismally howled o'er a corpse that waB , cold and stiff. And tney hauled both into their boat, and soon they were back on board. Then the surgeon examined the body, and said—" I give you my word, This fellow is still in the flesh, though never so nearly dead." Then he ordered his limbs to be chafed, and with brandy his lips he fed. And before the night had closed in, it was entered down in the lQg, How a boat had been found that day with a seeming corpse and a dog, In longitude something or other, and latitude so-and-so, How the man seemed likely to live, but the dog was bound to go— ; For he lay in convulsions and moaned, and already his eyes were dim — He had gnawed the squire's sleeve in his hunger which hadn't agreed with him. Well, the patient lived and revived, but, 'twas feared, his rea son was gone ; He ranted and raved at times, and his wrappings to shreds were torn. But care and science prevailed and he fell at length into a sleep ; Peaceful and dreamless it was, as still as a child's and as deep. And the demon that vexed him departed, and reason came back to his brain, And at last he opened his eyes that was wondering and sane. And whom should he see as he gazed, but the form he had thought nevermore Would be blessed to his vision — the form of his faithless, yet dearly-loved Laure. Then came explanations, of course, for woman can always ex plain How her conduct has been most correct. Nay, more, she can gain Fresh title to love, from the fact that her lover has dared to doubt. Fresh value to love since he knows how wretched's existence without. Well, he won her. Perhaps he was duped. Who knows, O ye gods ! How many are duped and made happy ? They are happy, and so What's the Odds ? We invite our readers to give their opinions on the follow ing questions, answers will be published in our Christmas issue. 1\. Who is the greatest living statesman in Australia ? 2\. Which is the best governed colony of the group ? 3\. Who has done most for the advancement of South Aus tralia ? 4\. What is the best invention produced in South Australia ? 5\. Where should the capital of the federated dominion of Australasia be situated ? 6\. What would be the best name for it ? 7 . Who among the members of the present South Australian Parliament, in either House, is the most brilliant speaker, the keenest wit, the profoundest thinker, the best financier, and the cleverest rhetorician respectively ? 8\. Who was the best Governor of South Australia. 9\. Which is the prettiest town in S. A. excluding the capital 1 10\. Which are you in favour of, Freetrade or Protection ? 