A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said, lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through super natural agenoy, that I /may be accused of writing on a worn-out subject. However, in Bpite of this, it may interest many «o hear the following strangi occurrence whiob happened in a well known family some years ago, and which was related to me by my friend Mr. , on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you the /story as near as possible in this gentleman's own words : — " Two or three months after marriage I took my young wii'e down to my nlaee in the north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been a time honored enstom in our family to do so. ' Though the weather was bitterly cold we- all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was th9 only lady amongst ns, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we /gentlemen were amusing our selves in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was sur prised to hear Violet'svoice calling me from above, she having retired some time before. On going u$ to her room, Bhe informed me that she had been much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening heir window she had seen one quickly approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black hordes, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. / As she did so he raised his head and looked 'her Btraight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfeot Btranger. "What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglher eye, he held np his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giviifg rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger conld be, and had called me up to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing blaok eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the Hirin been sitting up writing a most import ant letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends snggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alaority, any small excitement always being aeseptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had commenoed to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We soon got tired or the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, 8nd had made the best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when we chaffed aboutTicr melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the sub ject, and in faot forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for the night, (the dosr of the emokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her dressing- gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out : " He has come again I" Seeing that Bhe was really affected, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up. had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to the window, where she discovered the Bledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the same spot as on ihs previous night. On her appesriuce the driver, looking np at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly; the night was clear and froBty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a Bhock when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we oame to the conclusion that there mast be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife could be the victim of any such delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watch in the billiard- room — which was immediately beneath Violet's room — on the following night, and wait for what might occur. In the mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub- jeot to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inolined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after Bhe had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commenoe our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the Winds, and were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silence was becoming monoton ous, when Bnddenly it was broken by a pierc ing nhriflk, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, conld restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What doeB he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her nntil her master came up, and she had stated she did not intend un dressing nntil then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for something she expected. Sud denly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly ftRiipfl the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether Bhe could not see anything coming np the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she conld see or hear nothing, and had only just turned bom the window when she was horrified to see her mistress stagger back wards and fall fainting to the ground. The violent shock that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted ia a long and serious illness, and as soon as she could be moved I took her on the continent, where she shortly recovered her health and spirits. We neither of us ever alluded to the cause of her illnesB, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on the oabjeoti and resecting my having treated 1 it a3 an hallucination. Though apparently forgotten by us both, I did not consider it judicious to spend the coming Nsw Year in Scotland, and we therefore agreed on pying a long- promised visit to St. Petershnror w sore I had many intimate friends in influential circles. Oa our arrival they all vied with each other in showing us hospisalhy, my wife wee immensely admired, and her vivacity and wit made her very popu'ar. Just bfforo our intended departure one of leaders ef .ociety arranged a ball in our honor, to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of this fete arrived, and my wife entered t'ns room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never seen her look so lovaly, with that look of joyous anticipation on her countenance that a beautiful woman always weais when she is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel — — , our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoy ment. On arriving there she ascended the step3 on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyta were fixed on the spot from which our car riage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably ex claimed, "Look there 1" pointing to the foot of the stops. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, paseionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once ehe knew she would die, and, finding rernoas1 ranee only in creased her distress, I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to see who had arrived, bad perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and nsing the same warning gestnres. I tried to reason with her and im press updn her the great offence her absence would probably oause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return withine, All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what change this strange occurrenee had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant, joyous beauty of a short time before. J ust as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explojion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel , where the ball was bsing given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), ana not a soul there had escaped. 