TURF GOSSIP. By Augtjb, Elsternwick-park keeps on improving, and if the track could have a good rest during the winter, it would be well covered with grass before the commencement of the enmmer. Those who journeyed that way on Saturday were well repaid for their troable, for there was eotne excellent racing, and I don't think backers bad much cause to complain at the end of the day. They opened well in the Maiden Plate, for which they backed The Charmer, as sweet a filly as ever trod a race course. She is a rare-bred one, too, for she is by Robinson Crusoe's brother Henchman from the imported mare The Witch, a matron whom 1 consider one or the gems of the Stud Book, Mr. Cook's filly is never a good starter, and she was once more the last away, but the style in which she made up. ber ground and wore down Earimil at the finish iairly astonished those who thought she ,wos out of it when the flag dropped. Certainly she had not a brilliant lot opposed to her, but she showed good form under difficulties, and I shall be disappointed if she does not j bring more welcome grist to the Pytchley lodge mill. Mr. George Glasscock has a very useful horse in Earimil, and some day Joyful will win a race for his owner. Cinderella, as j usual, ran an utter jade, and Mr. Gardiner wuov uc a uiuu tv JJ^rSCYlire Willi Maroondah, who, like most of the latter-day Anglers, is a very moderate animal indeed. Aristides won the Hurdle Race with plenty in hand, but the Victoria Handicap produced one oi the most exciting struggles of the sea Born From where I stood I thought it was a fair dead heat between The Forsaken and Kitty Fisher, but Mr. Vowles declared in favour of the former by a short half head. The winner is a daughter of Rapid Bay and Mary Gladstone, who promises to be a little mine of wealth to Mr. Joseph Harper. Her success as a brood mare is only another in stance of the wisdom of Bticlting to running families. She is bred similarly to the dam of Nelson, for she is by the same sire, Yattendon, from Ellen Tree, by Jersey from Mirror; while Nelson's dam, My Idea, is by Yattendon from Ladybird, by Boiardo from Mirror. Martin O'Brien, who rode the winner, 13 a brother of the well - known jockey, Mick O'Brien, and, it I mistake not, this was bis first winning mount He shaped well enough to justify one in predict ing a successful career for him, though just a word in season to advise him to be careful not to interfere with other horses. I don't think the crossing for which he had to inter view the stewards was intentional, but it will be just as well for him to keep his own ground in future. Kitty Fisher ran a game little filly, but Master John once more disappointed his friends, who could find no excuse for his deieat, seeing that he had a good position all the way, and before reach ing the turn his head showed in front. Argus Girl hadn't much to spare over old Shamrock in the Selling Steeplechase, in which the notorious Harper-Thompson broke down. It is a pity the powers that be do not insist upon the trot beihg'the first event of the day. That of Saturday proved a good thing for Disraeli, and old Leithamstead again got second, for which I suppose the handicappers will punish into when he next - comes before them. I timed him the last mile, and he trotted it in 2min. 41$sec. , not half a bad per formance in heavy groundover the third mile. I feel certain that,: given a fine day and a firm track, this horse could trot 20, miles within an. hour. 1 liked the style in which Disraeli and Little Bob trotted, both going fair and'equated Mr.JEL Weeks sooninade a profit out of Carnival, for whom he gave 55 guineas after she . ran at Mordialloc, where there was no *bid beyond'the upset price, but at Elaternwick-park she went to £105. Mr. Bradshaw's luck all pver. Had- she reached that price St "Moidialloc Mr. Bcadshaw would have vhad a decent profit. Salvo's clever victory in the EJsteniwick:park Handi cap set me thinking as to whether the powder was wet at Moonee Valley, where he ran on the previous Saturday; but his- performance there was a regular "fizzle"—a striking con trast, indeed, to his- subsequent display. LU.IJ., who had been reported lame, was considered quite as good a thing, but though he was in front for half the distance, he failed to get even a plaice, Mr. WkittY's Strongbow gaiqing second honours, aud Mr. Cook a big chestnut The Yeoman third. The last-named would be a rare horse for India; There is one drawback to Elstemwick-park, and that is the.block of cabs which generally takes place fit theicouduaion of a meeting. Cannot Mr. Jlaydoa devise some means of preventing this? •• There can be no mistake about "it, Irish racing men liact h'teat grievance .when the Euglish Jockey Glob passed a rale that no horse should be .eligible to be handicapped for any public race in Englandunless he had been habitually trained or bad ran twice in Great "Britain daring the "preceding six months. By this Irish-trained horses were practically ' excluded. This pressed very heavily .upon Irish -owners and trainers, and it was undoubtedly a gross injustice to them, which I did not hesitate to declare at the time the tdle was brought into force. To Australians it seemed a monstrous thing that Irish horshs Bhonld not be placed upon the same. looting as English, and why such restrictions were imposed it was difnctalt to explain. - After the rule had been 'in force for some months a notice was given to amend it so that the ban should be-eemoved from Irish horses, and-I'm glad to sa? that at the annual meeting of the Jockey Cleh»:heid last month, the rule was Amended by a vote of ten votes to six. The Prince bf^Wgles Was present at the meeting and w*s,itiseaid, strongly in favour of Irish horses hiring placed upon the same footing'as those of. England and .'Scotland. The ripe nowataods thus*'Ko horse shall be eligible to be handicapped .for any public race, unless snchhorau shall have run twice in the United Kingdom during the six preced ing months - of the racing season." The "United Kfagdcm*j>I.bourse includes Ire land;, but "GreatBritain''didhot "Thus by a firm.but jiidictods agitation,." another, in justice to Ireland" has been removed. The new rnie will apply, to Trench and German horses, whick-factdpes not concern us, and it is only piylng onrth^Uoflitinental folk in their own coin; but ro Australia, Canada, and America place •yipttBtriction Upon English horses!—we,An mct, ma^e them an allowance —it doesn t.^AVapr much of the boasted spirit of English |nir play that their horses snail be cot^pell^L to run twice in England before they Uan /be' handicapped for any pablic roce.w-lldAen the"Hon. James Whito totes •• JtogMAd, probably it will include a nahdimuo' horae qr two. and as the climate of the'south of Trance Is much more dal thftodeagJ^iogpy Epgfomd, he wotod !p, his;b'oraes.there until Ad passed over.bufc lf.be egrjvedhf the privilege jf SSttBt the rule does not apply to the Derby or weight for-age races. . By the last mail from India I have learnt the conditions of the Hyderabad meeting. It is disgusting to find that the biggest prize of the meeting—ay, the richest prize given in the whole of India—is for ponies standing not over 13 hands 2 inches or country-bredi not over 13 hands 3 inches. What Bort of sportsmen are they in those parts? Colonel Ludlow is the ruling epirit, and I presume he is British, but by transplantation to India British sportsmen seem to deteriorate. Their livers, I suppose, become affected, and they affect ponies instead of horses. The chief open race is the Hyderabad Cup, but only 2,000 rupees are added to this. An Indian journal says that Colonel Ludlow's card is as perfect as any human device can be. This is according to Indian ideas of racing. There is a prize of 5,000 rupees for Arabs, aud, al together, 30,500 rupees will be given away during the four days, and most of tbis is sub scribed by the Nizam and the officers of his bodyguard. It is said that the owner of Boquefort gave the well-known "amateur" 13. P. WUson £500 ten days before tbe Grand National Steeplechase not to ride anything in the meantime for fear of accidents. As Boque fort didn't win, the owner must have had a bad time. Theorist, who won the Sloreton Handicap at the Brisbane meeting on Saturday, is a Victorian-bred colt, and seems to be the best that Wellington has yet given as. He is by the Panic horse from Theorem, by King Alfred from Proposition, and from his dam's side he, no doubt, inherits much of the excellence of the family, of which the cele brated English horse Lecturer was a mem ber. Indeed, Theorist's granddam, Proposi tion, is full sister to Lecturer, aud she is the dam of Amendment, Euclid, and Impulse. Le Grange, wbo won the St. Leger, is closely related to Le Grand and Lothair, for he is by the same eire. Epigram, and his dam, Lilla, is by Silver Pox from Legend, the dam of Le Grand and Lothair. He has, therefore, all the strains of blood possessed by tbe pair of brothers, with Silver Pox's pedigree thrown in. The Brisbane Cup seems to have pro duced a capital race, and fell to a pretty good performer in Wetherondale, a son of Stockdale. In the English Racing Calendar the name of the Prince of Wales appears at the head of the list of nominations for the Derby and Oaks, but it is a remarkable coincidence that in each instance his nomination is returned as " dead." Hard luck tins for the Prince. Mr. George Tyrrell, one of the ablest of English turf writers, died in the old couutry in April. He was a contributor to the Sport ing and Dramatic News under the nom de plume of " Skylark," aud to Body's Magazine as " Amphion." Puller ton, who won the Crawford Plate and Babrabam Plate at the Newmarket Craven meeting, is a grandson of Musket, be being by Touchet from Caroline, by Musket. At the same meeting Lord Hartiugton's Morel la, a granddaughter of The Marquis, won the Welter Handicap. The Hon. Thomas Henty has named his colt by Suwarrow from Norma " Suowfuot" Mr. Torrance, an American gentleman rider, was killed while riding a horse named Gabjie for Count de Madre in a steeplechase at La Croix de Bemy. His horse fell at an open drain, and pitching Mr. Torrance on his head, broke his neck. Judging from the expressions of opinion at the Bpecial meeting of the members of Bo wee's Tattersall's on Monday, unanimity does not prevail between the members and tbe com mittee respecting the change to the rooms formerly occupied by the Victorian Club. Hi: W. M'Millan, who was iu the chair, having explained to the large body of members present the object of the meeting, it was prpnosed by Mr. J. Gray and seconded by Mr. J. Adams, that the desirability of occupying the rooms at the Priuce of Wales Hotel be affirmed. Several members spoke in support of the motion, and argued that a change was desirable because tbe rooms at present occu pied by Bowea'a Tattersall's wereaconvenience only to three who could attend during the day, while it was inconvenient for the larger number who could attend during theeveniug. The chairman and the committee were op posed to a change, and the former pointed ont that the ledse of the rooms at the Prince of Wales Hotel could only be for a limited j period, but those in favour of the motion stated on the authority of the lessee of the j hotel that the lease of the rooms would not expire until 189L An amendment was moved j that the rooms should not be taken, but it was negatived, and the motion was carried by a large majority. Several members of the committee, however, stated that they would not be bound by the resolution, and there is a probability of a bitch. How would it do for the club to haye both rooms, that at PrevOt'e Hotel for business transacted in the morning, and the Prince of Wales for the convenience of those who could only attend in the evening? Capital entries have been received for the Hay meeting, which takes place in July. For the Hurdle Race 26 have been nominated. In the Hay Jockey Club Handicap there are 32, and the Oxley Handicap has filled with 23, Carrington Handicap 23, Second Hurdle fiace 25, and Hay Winter Handicap 38. A. Ferguson informs me that Yet Again and Islander have been added to the list They have not been particularly fortunate, but perhaps they will prove more successful under other conditions. 1 When Mr. F. Spoffortb, popularly known as "thedemonbowler," was in England, Fred Archer made liim a present of three whips. I One of these he has since given to the! Australian light-weight, S. Cracknell, and the , other two he intends to present to a couple | of the leading, jockeys. Apprehensive of a repetition of the conduct of the magnanimous Stuart, who sued to have the money; he lost in the tofalisator returned to him, the Dunedin Jockey Club has called a meetibg for the purpose of altering and amending the rules. Tim proposed alterations will make rule 23 read as follows:—The stewards of a meeting shall have lull power to make all such arrangements for the conduct of the meeting as they think fit, and to regulate and control the conduct of all officials, and of all jockeys,-grooms, and per eons attendant on horses, and to determine all questions or disputes arising between any persons at or in relation to anything done or omitted in reference to xacin& "including questions arising in reference to the totalisa tor and investments made thereon, and per sons nsing -the earne, but not including disputes qt claims relating to bets not made upon the totalisator ; and to declare any bookmaker oc other person who shall have been proved to their satisfaction to have betted - totelis&tor; odds, except through-the medium of thetotalisator. and also son who aball have hetted or invest* totalisator. and who ah≪ have tape hie befcot investment, to beguittyofi and fraudulent practices on the tart.1 it;is also proposed , that ruleSOi fallowsi~Tne|b^wer8rfif -" ahueaftectoe" ^i^lhcations, ^awTnil!^ under rule " Tbia ought tobrlngStuart and bis allies to their senses. The Hon. G. M'Lean basintro. duced to the Legislative Council a Bill to Amend the Gaming and lotteries Act in the direction of preventing persons investing money in the totaUsator from demanding their losing investments back. The bill has passed the second reading. Mr. Mart pro* posed, " That, in the opinion of this Council, horse-racing and its accessories should, for revenue purposes, be made the subject of taxation. The motion was rejected. It would be a wise move if the Parliaments of Australasia were to impose a tax upon all Btallions over three years old; weshould then get rid of many of the brutes that are called into requisition for stud purposes. . Racing men at a distance are reminded that the great events of the V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. close on Monday week, June 6. Those who reside in Tasmania or any of the outlying districts should take time by the forelock and nominate early, for under 110 circumstances will entries be received after the appointed time, 4 o'clock. I expect to see a very large entry, especially from New South Wale3 aud .New Zc&l;&nd;* This is how L. E.' Myers, the pedestrian*, writes to his American friends on Australian racing:—". . . I have visited several race meetings here, and with the exception of the dinner, which yon get for 5a (less than 1.25dol.), the arrangements and conveniences are not to be compared with those of any of our race tracks. Rand wick is, I believe, the best racecourse in New South Wales, but is not a patch on Sheepshead Bay. The jockeys ride here more after the fashion of American jockeys than they do after the English, and nearly every race is run from end to end, and whips and spurs are generally flying at the quarter pole. ... Owing to the mosqui toes and flies being numerous in this country, the horses' tails are never cut, and they present a peculiar appear ance to a stranger at first, with their tails almost touching the ground. . . . There is another peculiarity about the horses here, and this is that they appear very much cut away in the quarters, and are very long in the back. .You would never take them for weight-carriers, but a majority of them do handle weight extremely well. . . . If there is anything Australians are prond of, it is their racehorses. When I told them that our horses often beat lmin. 15aec. tor three-quarters of a mile, they would hardly believe me, and when I told them our record for the distance was Imiu. 13sec, and cbat> moreover, we had a two year old last year that couid have beaten this on a favourable day with 8st (1121b.) on bis back, my audience simply smiled, and nndged each other as much as to say,' What a liar 1'" They hmht not go quite so far as that, hut they might regard him as a charming econo miser 01 the truth. Myers must have been suffering from dyspepsia or keen disap pointment when he penned these lines. Referring to that very erratic cus' tomer, the English champion pedestrian, he says, " Hutchens came over here with a blatherskite for a backer, and, being a very easy-going and not very intelli gent fellow, has made a perfect fool of him self. He has tried for and won the only match that he wanted to win, and that was the one with Malone." If this be true, we do not want to sec any more 01 Hutchens. Myers refers to the blackfellow Samuels as a slipshod runner, bnt really a wonderful man capable of covering 150 yards in 14 3-5sec. No doubt Myers and George will go back to their respective countries with a very poor opinion of Australia, merely because Australians re fused to patronise what was considered mere hippodroming. The fact is the Ameri can papers put a damper upon the English aud American champions, and it is to be regretted that they were matched until (he close of their tour. If George and Myers had first given starts to Australian runners they might have drawn, but the public were sceptical as to the genuineness of their matches, and they stayed away. I'm sorry —everybody is sorry—at their want of suc cess, because in every respect both men are a cut above the ordinary run of professional pedestrian. Breeders will find the conditions of the Murrnmbidgee Turf Club Sires' '.Produce Stakes of 1887, First Foal Stakes of 1887, Sires' Produce Stakes of 1888, Second Foal, Stakes of 1888, and Derby of 1888, in one advertising columns. The foals for the first-named event have already been nomi nated, but those who have youngsters engaged are reminded tbatthey caiigetout with a forfeit of a sovereign if declared on or before Tuesday,. June 7. The same con dition will be found in the Foal Stakes of IS87. For the Sires' Produce Stakes of 18S8 the sires Emperor, Epigram, Maribycnong,, Monmouth, Cheviot, Crown Prince, Hench man, Chester, Albury, .Glorious, Horatio, The Barb, Emerald, Sunrise, Mercury, Bras de Fer, aud Goldsbrough. have been nomi nated, and foals by any of these are eligible to be nominated on the 7tb June. The stake is already worth 270 sovs., and this should, attract a goodly number of entries. To the' Second Foal Stakes (he club adds 100 sots., and the same stun- to the Derby. All foals are eligible for the former, and as several Riverina residents are good purchasers at yearling sales, some of our breeders who have an eye to the main chance should nomi nate a few foals. The club also (fives 100 sovs. to the Derby, for which yearlings will have to be nominated on the 7th June, which intending nominators will do well to remember. It would require a treat stretch: of imagination . to pronounce . the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting a. success from , a racing point of view, Chough Fm .very glad to say that it was very . satisfactory in a pecuniary sense. I don't ^remember a more uninteresting day's sport at Fleming ton. There was not a single close finish, and. the Steeplechase was literally- a one-horse affair. Bis ExcellencyBir Henry Loch, who, loves a bit of racing, managed to get away from the 0ale^»l8a|SRwrta in order to see a could hardly Impressed with-the, Steeplechase, wmpwas the worsts perhaps, ever seen npon $n AhstraHan racecourse. The Irishman commenced what proved a aoviAa wiimtalrAa Iw mrtninn 21im£ tenee, Westminster' fell, and baulked atiheback ot the cootae. the etoae wall I^y VfeUinn" ■ - a ^rrHc3cio^^ * oyersher, and ;Pfomo Scowseln the j&ddle;, .™ LadyAstybn, i»ho nevferl^,^ r wildly, aim once nahowly escaped jumping outside a Bag, tan -Tier laat raoe^ tor on exa mination it mi /discovered that ebe bad broken horn beriorelega just below tbe( ehoulders, apd $t& Pearson gaveorders lor Ker ;deatxnm6h. : Hn 'UHXm^jfho *odh. her, waeratbter Severely shaken, Aba proke \- " - ' but tfaeoth«.ridtftwfao&®a® i the trfly, fc&aasj; ll'Aty ftVtofteg hl.QPra tperty ot aetmrteintni..,, ~ but has experienced the reverse of good lack on the turf. Phenomenon, who mast have been injured internally, walked to his box at Flemington, but died during the night. The removal of the fence between the abattoirs and the sheds to better ground, and the shifting of the fence at the end of the straight run, met with the approval of the jockeys, but it would have been all the better if one fence at least were taken away altogether. The Hurdle Race was a real good thing for Aristides. who has improved wonderfully of late, and promises to take high rank among the performers over the little jumps. Ballarat grievously dis-1 appointed those who had backed him." ana some of bis supporters seemed to imagine that he ought to have made a better fight of it with Aristides, who is a much better animal than most people, in cluding myself, had imagined him to be. Derison, who won the Selling Race cleverly enough, brought a welcome addition to the club's funds when be was submitted to auction. The greatest surprise of the day was effected in the Birthday Handicap, which fell an easy prey to Master John. In a far inferior field on the previous Saturday he had been backed by his owner and trainer, and made a strong favourite, but he didn't get a place even, while to:day, when there was not a shilling on him, he regularly spread-eagled his field, for he had them all beaten below the distance. Owing to the yellow sleeves I thought it was Damocles Bailing away in front, but inside the dis tance, where The Charmer once flattered her friends, I observed my mistake, and saw that the colours were Mr. Joseph Thompson's. When The Charmer mode a dart, and nearly cat on terras with him, the Doy on Master John shook hi1* whipat him,and hedrewaway immediately. Master John, although not a big one, is a remarkably well-shaped, muscular colt, and so far as breeding goes nothing could be superior, for he is by Lockleys from Hoyden, who is a full sister to the Melbourne Cup winner Don Juan. The Charmer ran like a good filly, but she hadn't the ghost of a chance with the winner. William Tell, too, showed a bold front for five furlongs, when the weight stopped him. When he retired to the enclosure he was slightly lame, having overreachedandcuthimseli. I really didn'tsee any cause tor a protest in the Selling Hurdle Race, which was won easily enough by that useiul horse Maori, whose owner well de served a winning turn. Next year I hope the Melbourne Hunt Club will provide a pro gramme of a superior kind. Hurdle races of a mile and a quarter are not calculated to elevate the turf. Doner's running did not give general satisfaction, and he was claimed. During the afternoon 1 had a look at the new ground taken in for the birdcage. Only a few weeks ago it was levelled and sown with seed, and there is now a sward of grass as thick as that upon the lawn. The wire netting fence will be erected shortly, and when the next spring meeting takes place owners and trainers will not be mobbed to anything like the extent they have been, in asmuch as an extra charge will be made for admission to the birdcage. At Rand wick there was an even greater sur prise than at Flemington, and the book makers must have had a real good time, for while Centaur was pretty freely backed for the Royal Stakes, the donble- eventers,* as well as all those who bad invested money ontright, all went down in the Birthday Cup. TbiB must have proved a regular windfall for the layers, who must have also had all the Best of it in the Steeplechase, for which "Wymlet was all the rage, bnt he feil at the Back of the course, and Scobeloff, who is a bit of a clipper when he likes to try, easily stalled off Marmion. Studley conld never get tip steam enough to try Scobeloff's metal. The victory of the rejuvenated Willeroo in the Birthday Cup must have been a hitter pill indeed for the public to swallow. Had Ringmaster been fortunate enough to catch the judge's eye first there would have been joy in the land, for outright and in doubles he had been backed to win many thousands. Fernandez ran well under his light weight, but Ben Bolt never seems to have been in any way dangerous, nor did Stanley show a bold front Plutarch must have disappointed his friends in the Royal Stakes, for which he remained favourite to the end of the chapter. I had fondly hoped for a Victorian triumph in one of the great races of the day, but the only little consolation we nave is that Scobeloff, wlio won the Steeplechase, was bred in Victoria. Centaur is a full brother to Cestue, a speedy chestnut that once occu pied a box in the stable of the late Frank feng- .... , English Tattersall's decisions are often not in accordance with equity, and the case of Ringlet for the Grand National Steeplechase is a case in point Before the race it was dis covered that she was not eligible to start,and the authorities declared so. Of course the case of bets cropped up,those who had backed the mare naturally enough refusing to pay on a mare that was never legally in the race, but the committee of Tattersall's decided that they bad to pay, and I'm not surprised that the de cision has been denounced asshockingbad law, and grossly unjust I should think bo. The backers of Ringlet bad no possible chance of winning, but Tattersall's committee plays in to the bookmakers'hands, and declares that while they had no chance of losing they should have every chance of winning, and ordered the unfortunate backers ot the mare to stump up. Under similar circumstances Australian rulers of the betting law would have decided directly opposite, and legally, as well as equitably, they would be right. A Victorian who has lately been in New Zealand tells me that the Hon. W. Robinson is almost certain to send a strong team of horses to Australia-for next season's cam paign, and in all probability the horses will Start in a few weeks. Victorians will be glad to see the New Zealander once more at Rand wick or Flemington watching the doings of hisborses. They must have had enough sport at Lara; on Queen's birthday. The card contained' li'o less thatifoine events, and Mr. John Grozier won the pfthcipal double with CfailSeHardld. '•'»■;; flptiborn has forwarded a complete copy-of the A.J.C, entries in book form. Glancing over' the nominations, I detect manyinstances of Appropriate nomenclature, andmwy &atA;^ hot appropriate. Mr. T. Morrin has named a bolt By Musket from 41batross *' Teksum." This is Musket spelt backwards. €mld anything hem ore absurd? By the last mail I learn that the Duke of Beatort's T'hC CJofa,' by Lord Ronald from —• "Ygt.j.ojb., and wontheGreat ItOs; 4 He was ridden by 0. i $nd Suburban was iron "ppry DucbesB, by Speculum etfEngland) meeting lastj Jliata Btakes Woe1 won by; Tburio and Red Rag, the te ^ette/ the dam of lime to state Bvertodowith I'ati sbffbT >;*pj between the grand stand and the saddling-1 paddock. It will, I believe, be a two-story building, and a portion oE it will be devoted to members. I hope we are not to have an other wooden shanty. If Williamstown can provide a building principally composed of brick and stone, surely an institution of the j standing of the V.A.T.C. can afford to give ns a building which will be credit to the designers. " I'm sure it will not be if it be composed entirely of wood. The members would like to see something substantial as well as handsome, some thing which they could point - to with pride, as the members of the A.J.C. do when they are showing visitors their stand. In building a new stand no parsimonious spirit should be displayed. It is intended, too, to increase the accommodation devoted to ladies in the old stand by extending the western end. and the fair sex will appreciate this attention on the part of theV.A.T.C. The late Mr. Bagot used to declare that wherever the members of the fair sex assembled there would be found the other sex in strong num bers, and he made the comfort of the ladieB a special y. So does Mr. Bond ; and, after all, what would a meeting be without their i assignee? Probably the inveterate gamblers who attend race meetings merely with an idea of winning money are sordid enough to regard their absence as preferable to their presence ; but the man who goes to a race meeting to enjoy the sport is always glad to welcome those who help to make lite worth living. The worthy secretary of the J V. A.T.C. knows that the ladies are a power ful factor in the bucccsb of his meetings, and I he is determined that they shall have no I cause to complaiu of the arrangements at Caulfield. This reference to the V. A.T.C. reminds me , that the programme for August appears this I week, and the first alteration of moment that will strike those Interested will be the in crease of the Grand National Steeplechase to 500 sovs. Last year the added money was 350 sovs. While increasing the stake, the V. A.T.C. has also made an alteration which will be hailed with satisfaction by all who like to Bee horses of stamina encouraged. The distance, instead of being two miles and a half, will be fonr miles, and now, instead of Beeing horses tearing away at the feuces at a break-neck pace, we shall see the race run at a moderate speed, and the clever jumper.and stayer will prove victorious. Four miles over the Caul held course will thoroughly test the jumping capabilities and stamina of the best steeple chasers of Victoria. The second horse will receive 100 sovs., and this will be an incen tive to all to finish. It is a pity, I think, that the sweepstakes was not made 10 sovs. instead of five. The other events are a Sapling Stakes of 100 sovs. for two year olds, Hurdle Race of 200 sovs., Selling Race of 100 BOV8., and Balaclava Stakes of 100 bovs., 10 of which will go to the second horse. It would have been better, perhaps, had the last-named race been increased to 150 sovs. I suppose the idea is that in keeping it at 100 sovs. there is likely to be a large entry, as the winner will not be subject to a penalty. The full programme of Bowes's Tattersall's will be found in the advertising columns this week. The meeting will be held at Eistern wick-p&rk; on Tuesday, the 21st June, when half-a-dozen events will be disposed of. A Handicap Trot will open the day's sport, and to this the club adds 60 sovs., the distance being three miiea Second comes a Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., one mile and a half, and next to this comes the Jnbilee Handicap of 100 sova, five fnrlonga The Proclamation Steeplechase of 100 sovs. is fourth on the list, this being followed by a Selling Race of 75 sova, the whole to conclude with Bowes's Tattersall's Cup of 125 sova This is a bill of fare which should be acceptable to racing men, who will doubtless nominate freely enough on entry day, Monday, June 6. Gulpah, a full brother to Kit Nubbles, has gone into Mr. R. Sevior'a stable, where the Slanderer colt T. W. is also located. C. Carter, whose stables have been lately finished at Canlfield, is gradually getting a string of horses together. He now has bank, Stafford, Sydney, Ambassadress, Breeze, and two or three others in work. Mr. J. Harper, jun., who also has a snug little establishment at Caulfield, has bad bis team increased by the addition of his father's horsea. Discord, by Tim WiiifBer from Cantatrice, was sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Wed nesday, for 28% guineas. Mr. Thomas Haydon puts forth a most inviting bill of fare to be discussed at Elstern wick-park on the 2nd of July. There are altogether seven events, viz., Handicap Trot of 75 sova, Hurdle Race of 75 sova, July Handicap of 75 sovs.. Steeplechase of 75 sovs.. Selling Race of75sova, Selling Steeple chase of 75 sovs., and Elstern wick-park Handicap of 100 sova Entries close on J one 22. Donble-event books have been opened on the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, the price being 500 to 5, and at these figures various selections have been made. Moonee Valley programme for June appears this week, and contains six events, viz., Trial Stakes of 40 sova, Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., June Handicap of 50 sovs., Steeple chase of 60 sova, Selling Race of 50 sova, and Winter Handicap of 50 sova Entries dose on Monday, June 6. It is announced by advertisement that the entries for the events to be run at the Hurl ingham-park meeting ot June 4, close at Prevot's Hotel, Bourke- street, or Clnb Hotel, North Brighton, on Monday next, May 30. The "Sale Turf Club Winter Meeting" has been fixed for the 27th July. The programme will be published shortly. When Phenomenon fell in the M.H.C. Steeplechase, it was thought that be had not seriously injured himself. He bad cut one of- his .stifles, and was sore, but he managed to walk to his box at Flemington. hater on he showed symptoms -of being in jpfcexl internally, and veterinary assistance was called in, bntallto no purpose, as the horse gradually sank and died. Acaseof considerable interest to sporting men/involving the legality of so- called sweeps or consultations, was tried the other day in the Central Police Court, Sydney. T. G. Green, the licensee of -the Guildhall, Oastlereagh- street, was proceed ed againBt as the promoter of a sweep called thSw' Barb" consultation on the Birthday Cup Handicap. Thfe information was laid finder the Betting Houses Suppression Act, and the charge was held to be sustained. Green was fined £25, with costs, or two months' imprisonment. Notice of appeal was given. Rossiviile, who won the Patk Stakes at the late Canterbury-park meeting, is by 'Grand Prix from SolStfife^- ; 1 2JS Willeroo, wlif>/won the S.T.C. Birthday Cap, had one -friend whojjaecepted hOOO to 4 about Centaur for^the Royal Stakes and Willeroo for Bii * ~ ^ ■At Hie annnad mpettngof members of the QneenBland 'Tfiirf' Club; tm Tfcfiroflay. the report ahowfid -fiai the year; ' ' amepi lowapi I for amending the rules—that horses must be started trom a walk, and that in the case of the winner of a selling race any surplus over the selling price shall be divided between the owner of the second horse and the race fund —were negatived. . 1 The Baron's backers for the English Derby must have looked unutterable things when they saw Merry Hampton administer a four lengths beating to their pet I've amused myself by tabulating the winner's pedigree, which will prove interesting to all who take an interest in breeding matters. _ By analys ing it, breeding students will discover that Merry Hampton is a remarkably in-bred horse. Touchstone appears on both sides— at the top through Newminster, and at the bottom through Ithuriel. The famous brothers, Rataplan and Stock well, are simi larly placed; and it will be seen that Lady Langden, the granddam of Hampton, and Broomielaw, the sire ot Doll Tearsbeet, are very closely related. There is a strong infu sion of the stout Emiiius blood throughout the pedigree, which is strengthened by the presence of the names of those giants of the Stud Book, Melbourne and Voltigeur. Long bow, the sire of Mrs. Quickly, was nearly full brother to Boiardo, and Venus was the dam of Ealipyge, the mother of Bethnal Green. The following is the PEDIGREE OF THE WINKER. Sx CJ A K;"'~ Kewmi nster The Slave •c Kettledrum Haricot Touchstone Beeswing Melbourne Volley Camel Banter Dr. Syntax Ardrossan mare Rataplan Hybla The Baron Pocahontas Mango or Lauercost Queen Mary Humphr'y Clink'r Cervantes mare Voltaire Martha Lyno The Provost Otisina Liverpool Otis Gladiator Pl'nipot'ntiary m. Stockwcll \- * Queen Mary Gladiator Daughter of Longbow Venus The Baron Pocahontas Ithuriel Miss Bowe Sir Hercules Whalebone Bird catcher Echidna Glencoe Marpcssa Partisan Pauline Plenipotentiary Hyrrha Touchstone Verbena Catton Orville mare i?.],. Emilias &:h0 'Error's dam Mr. Bradshaw has chosen the following dates for meetings at Mordialloc during the coming seasonSeptember 10. October 1, November 12, December 3, January 14, Feb ruary 25, March 24, April 21, May 26, June 30, July 28. Mr Cox has advertised the conditions of the Moonee Valley Cup and St Albans Handicap. To the former he adds 300 sovs., and to the latter, which is for two year olds, 100 sovs. Entries close on the 1st of August Mr. Thomas Chirnside has named his yearling colt by Musket from Yatterina _ f irelock," yearling filly by Musket from PnF* Belle," and yearling filly by Musket from Maid of Honour "Precedence.^ 