thanksgiving service in the town hall. A thauksgiviug service, in which tho various religious denominations united, was hold last evening in the Town Hall iu connection with tbo celebration of her Majestv's Jubilee. Tho building was crowded in every part, and thou sands of persons found it itnpossiblo to gain admission. Upon the platform were seated tho Bishop of Melbourne, tho Very Roy. Dean Macartney, tho Rev. Professor Macdonald, Dr. Cameron Lees, Dr. Rentoul, Dr. Bevan, Waugh, Butcher, Quiok, Daniell, Bunning, Allan Webb, H. Iler- litz, J. Symons, C. S. Porry, Lawronco, S, C. Kent, IL naidio, J. T. Robertson, P. Murdoch, H. N. Wollaston, and C. T, Perks, Sir James MacBain, President of the Legislative Council, Mr. James Balfour, M.L.C., and others. The Bishop of Melbourne presided. Mr. James Balfour announced that Lady Loch had written a letter expressing tho regret sho felt that tho numerous cngagoments oi tbo day would prevent her attendance at the meeting. His Excellency tbo Governor, Mr. Balfour said, would also have attended but for a prior engagement Those who had been unablo to obtain admission, ha further stated, had gone to tho Collins-street Congregational Church, where a similar service was being held. The proceedings were opened with the hymn, Before Jehovah's Awful Throne, in which the whole of the immense congregation joined. A portion of Scripture was read by the Ror. H. Herlitz, after which the Rov. J. W. Crisp indulged in prayer. The Bishop of Melbourne said that his dear Christian friends had met together that night under exceptional circumstances, and tho Bubject that brought them to gether might bo viewed in various ways ; but as he took it, they had mot together to thank God for tho blessings Ho had bestowed during Queen Victoria's long reign upon the Church of Christ throughout her empire, and upon tho efforts which sho had mndo during that time for tho extension of His kingdom and the spread of His' Gospel. (Hear hear.) From this point of view ho could not think of any passage in God's Holy Word which jo truly expressed the feeling with which they is Christian people looked back upon Queen Victoria's reign than this — "Then did the churches rise and were edified, and walking in the fear of the Lord and in tho com fort of tho Holy Ghost wero multiplied." He thought they would have little difficulty in testifying what that special blessing was which ought to stand first and foremost in their thoughts at this time. It was this — tho marvellous extension of missionary opera tions and efforts throughout the Queen's vast colonial and Indian empire, and throughout tho whole world. Ho had no doubt whatever that from tho highest and noblest point of view this had been the grandest feature of tho whole period. All Protestant Christians could join together in praising God for this. The London Missionary Society could point to grand advancement in the success of tlio Gospel in Madagascar, and the advanco of Christian men and women to the shores of the Nyassa in eastern Africa; tho Christianisation in the eastern world of the Fiji Islanders, one of tbo most remarkable efforts the church had known, to attempt to spread tho gospel there and to do it successfully. Scotchmen could point to the great Dr. Duff as a Christian worker, and to the pedestal on which stood tho statue of Dr. Livingstone, in Edinburgh, with the Bible and tbo axo in his hand, teaching that though civili sation and improvement might cut away vnst numbers of abuses and errors, nevertheless that the advance of culture was of little worth unless it were accompanied by the knowledge of God and the Gospel, which aro Lord Josus revealed. Ami again, tho Church Missionary Sociotv could point to Tinnevally and Sierra Leone, and to equatorial Africa as evidences of Christian advance. In connection with the Inst, tho martyr Harrington joined tho noble irmy at tho right hand of God. Ho saw a vast lumber of ladies there that night. He was reari ng not long ago of that veteran in Indian mis- lions, Mr. Loupoldt, and ho was' described as laying ; " 25 years ago if anyone told mo that :lio time is coining when wo should havo our Christian women teaching the Gospel at Benares, Lucknow, Agra, Delhi or Po- shawur, I could hardly liavo believed tbem, I would have said it would be a grand advancement indeed, but I. thought tho day was far distant." Yet they saw aow. that from Calcutta to Benares, and as far is Ballancotta, 1400 zenanas wero open to the Christian missions. All these things led them to sxclaim: "IVhat has God wrought?" The 'act was, whatever the subtleties of tlio argu ments that were employed against the faith, the vigor and tho hopefulness of tho Church of Christ were tho grandest and most unequivocal evidences of its Divine mission. Not long ago Profossor Monier Williams, tho professor of Sanskrit at Oxford, addressing a largo meeting at Exeter Hall, said something of this kind : — " This year thirty stately volumes have been issued from the Oxford press containing tho great non-Christian books of tho world, tho Veda, tho Eendavista, tho Tripitaka, the Koran aud tho writingB of Confucius. I have been studying these sacred books now for as long as 40 years, and at ono time, I frankly confess, I was almost dazzled by tbe fascination of tbo study. 1 found gems of thought springing up here and there, and coruscations Df light again leaping up from tho black darkness surrounding heathenism, until at last I began to think the dreams of some of ihe philosophers might bo true, und these old religions were illustrations of tho lav/ of development and evolution, and were intended in tbo providence of God by degrees to spring up from light to'light and truth to tcuth, until crowned by Christianity as the Burn und sub- stnnce of it all. " But," Baid he, " i have tried long enough to see tho error i.u which 1 was iu danger of falling. I know now the develop ment of these non-Christian religions, however much belauded, are developments in the wron" direction; they do not lead up to Christ, they lead away from Him.' Tho world by wisdom knows not God." Ho added, " Look ntthe gro.it truth in this, God niado Christ to die for us who knew no sin. Look again, J, am tbo resurrec tion and tho life, said tb.o Lord ; and again. Except ye havo eaten the fiesh of tho Bon of Man and have druuk Ilia blood, yo have no life in you. Thero is nothing iu the uou-Christinn books to parallel 'anything at all like such statements as the/e, and such statements con cerning Jesus 'Ohrist, oar Lord, create not merely a rif'j; but a vast chasm between Christianity 'and all tho religions of tho world ; so vast, tl-.at it is impossible for Christians to shako 'nands on the right side oi the gulf with the jsb on tho wrong side." Ho said — " Read nil tbeso hooks if you like, put thorn all on your left hand if you like and tbo Biblo on your right, and seo "how uuiquo tho Biblo is in conveying the oniy remedy for sin that mankind knows." I.(i must look with thankfulness to the past Vnd with hope to tho time to come, for ho knew no period in the history of the Church of Christ when sho had the right to thank God, and take courngo as she had now. Ho thought tho words of the Psalmist might well apply to the occasion, "God has Leon mindful of us and will bless us." Our Blessed Lord Jesus, beforo His crucifixion, had proposed to Him by His disciples — " Master ! What shall bo the sign of Thy coming ?" That question elicited a long discourse, much of which was very mysterious ; but ono saying iu that discourso seemed to him not mysterious ut ail, but as plain as it ccuid be I r. wus this — "This Gospel of tho Kingdom shall he preached throughout tho whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then slir.ll the end come." How near or how distant that end might be one could not tell : hut people could see that tho missionary stations of the Church of Christ were girdling thu globe, that tho sun never set on the preaching of the cross by Christian missionaries ; anil if that he the case, if the whole world were open to the Christian mis sions, if tho key were put into her hand, and God had given gruco to her to enter into the millions of doors that had been opened to her, would not tho time soon come when' tho hope of tho church, the ascended and glorified Master, would ha abundantly thankful, and the day would break and tho shadows would fall awnv ? Hear, hear.) Tlio Chairman theii announced that tho col lection would be made, the proceeds of which were to be devoted to the Quoen's Fund in augurated by Lady Loch. Very little deduc tion would, ho said, ho made from tho offerings inatmucli as the mayor had granted tho uso of the liall tree of charge, and the choir, organist nrnl conductor had tendered their services gratuitously. At tho close of tlio collection the assemblage joined in tbe hymn, Hail to the Lord's Annointcd. Tile Rev. Dr. Bevan next addressed tho meeting. He said there wero many uspecls, from which they might regard the Queen's Jubilee, hut he thought there was no side upon which they could look at it that hnd a greater interest and a greater import ance than that represented by the present gathering. They had looked back and re viewed many of t he couditions and events and improvements of the last half century, and lie thought they could not review it without abundant thanksgiving to God for His good ness and His mercy. The air had been full of exclamations oi loyalty to tho Queen, of whom there was none uioro worthy of all that had teen rendered to her. (Applause.) No better expression of their feelings for her could bo exhibited than by re sponding to her own request, so re ligious and so devout, that tho peopio should unite with her in thanksgiving to God for ait His mercies to her. - The Queen by that act of hers had touched tho whole of the lubilee movement with a noble light. She had given to it a devont spirit, and instead of allowing themselves to bo lost in tlio mero pleasure of tho hour — in the gaiety, in the illumiiiatio-is, in tho State pageantry, ail of which were most becoming — they felt they should join her in her offerings of thanksgiving to Almighty Goil. He did not propose, however, to review tho past, but had simply mentioned it as ono way in which they could look at tho Jubilee. The devout spirit of tho present liour and the thought of the Divine Pro'videnco which had been and was still theirs, compelled them to look forward hopefully to tho future. Ho did not suppose thero were many present who would see another J ubilee. There were some, perhaps, who might sco tho close of tbo century of this young nation's life, and ia looking for ward to that time bis mind was never more filled with the thought than it was when he gazed at tho great gathering of children in tho Exhibition that very afternoon. It seemed to him that of nil the Jubilee rejoicings there were none so noble or more fitting than that meeting and tho ono then being held. Wliea 'ho saw those gathered thousands, and heard the great swell of music, tbo voices of tho children in sweetness and fulness, led with such precision and with such wonderful rapidity of response, he remembered that it was an expression of the young religious lifo of tho couutry, and took courage at tho prospect for tho future. It was a noble demonstration, and he thought the Bishop was to bo congratulated on its outcome. Ho did not know what unbelief would havo to do in the future, but while ho saw such gather ings as the present he had not much fear on that account. The scriptural text said that if a man desired the office of a bishop lie desired a good work, and lie (Dr. Bevan) did not know that the Bishop of Melbourne would everdis- chargo a nobler and batter duty than he was doing in presiding over such a gathering as tbe present. Although the differences between the denominations was very clearly cut, it was not so great that they could not shake hands with each other, and he was thank ful for the Jubilee, if for no other reason than that it had filled men with ono great common purpose, with one thought and ono spirit, and brought them together to (hank God for ono common good to them nil. Goethe in his mas terly work Wilbelm Meister, referred to a vision in which children were first taught to worship a higher being, and next to respect those equal with themselves, and lastly to reverence those beneath themselves. It seemed . in the period just closed in England and through all tho Empire of Great Britain the people had learned not only a greater reverence to what was above aud a reverence for their equals, but a reverence also for those boneatli them. Tenderness, sympathy, compassion, help to man, remembrance for tho prisoner — not only that ho should ho punished, but if possible that ho should he re deemed — remembrance of the orphan, not only that ho should play a part in some romance, but that there should he thrown aronnd him the arms of a tender fatherhood and motherhood, sympathy with those in dis tress, these were signs in support of what ho had said, and it seemed to him that men had keen learning tho lesson duringjthe last half century taught by tlio Christian and evangelical forces that lmd been ot£work in society. Prayer having beeu offered "up by tho Rev. Alton Webb, Tbe Rev. Cameron Lee3 said that it gave him great satisfaction in standing face to face with this great and noble meeting. There was not a church in tho city at which, last Lord's day, thanks were not given to God for His goodness to the nation and tlio Church, and he believed in every church throughout tho Empire the Queen had Leen worthily re membered. People of different churches and communions wore here to-night to show that I hey wero ono not oniy in their loyalty to tho Sovereign, but in devout thankfulness for tho great spiritual hlossings which it had ploascd Almighty God during the last 50 years to bestow on their country nnd the Christian Church of their laud. Nothing had given them a greater idea than this celebration oi the vastness and graudncss of the British Empire. God had given tlio nation a great place, and woo bo to the nation if it did not feel its responsibility to tho King of Kings aud Lord of Lords that such a high position involved. Tlioro had been empires almost as great as tho British nation in the world before ; but tlioy gavo way to sin aud luxury and ncgleelfulness of all above them, and their candlestick was removed outoi its place. Lot all pray, beforo this celebration passed away, that this nation might ho full of tho sense of its responsibility lo Almighty God, and that it might he delivered from tkoso Bins that sooner or later brought about national ruin and disaster. The Queen was a simple minded, good hearted, noble woman ; sho had asked for the prayers of tbo peopio at this time, and surely they would give them at her request. The Chairman announced that the receipts from the collection amounted to £57 7b, 6d., which with the sum of £11 7s. Gil. collected at tho meeting in tho Congregational Church, gavo a total of £69 Is. 4(1. The service was concluded with the singing of the National Anthem and tho Benediction pronounced by the Bishop. 