Chapter XLVl. — How rr Ekded Baffled in his attempt at self destruction by the courage and determination of Ellen Bal four, Rossitur sank to the ground in a half unconscious state. The violence of the paroxysm had passed, the terrible pressure on the brain being probably relieved by tkc flow of blood from his throat. It was not a serious cut, for the poor Miow's hand was nerveless, although when Ellen grappled with him for the knife, he rallied all his remaining strength to resist her. ibe guests, men lor the most part, who were waiting in the porch for carriages to come up, heard the cries for help ; and before tbe frightened girl imagined that buccout could reach her, half-a-dozen gentlemen were in tbe loft. They found her leaning ex hausted against the or-an ; her face deadly white ; while blood from her fingers, cut iu the straggle for the knife, streamed over her dress. She had shut her eyes that she might not see Rossitur's agonised and ghastly face ; i:Ut she could not close her ears to the It was evident that he was suffe ing inteusly. Tbe doctor, quickly snmniODed, dresseJ the woun^, which he declared his (superficial, and not at all likely to prove dangerous, but he said that the poor young fellow was in the first stage of acute brain fever, and would re quire tbe greatest possible care if his life was to be saved. EUen and his sister both testified to his late suffering from sleeplessness, and the former adJcl that his speech and bearing throughout the time she was with him in the was unhtuireil. It was useless to declare now that he ought to have been kept away from the church ; and, indeed, till needless regrets upon, the subject w«re merged in the urgent as quietly and with as liUle delay as possible. It wad done at last with infinite difficulty, and at the speech ea of congratulation were being made at the wedding breikfaat, aud the bride Bat behind her husband with her eyes demurely cast down as she listened to her own praises being sung, and to the reiteration of Milbanke's good fortune in having secured such a charming wife, poor Roasitur lay toss ing on his bed with delirium coining on, and the fever in creasing in intensity every moment. The newa of his sudden collapse, and the tragedy that had all but ta-kfn place in tbe church, spread like wildfire through the village, and was of course exaggerated by every tongue that repeated the story. The knife covered with blood, 60 one declared, had ia'len on the bride's white gown, and left a great stain. She screamed at tbe ill-omened sight, and all but fainted in the bridegroom's arms. Another version, believed by many, was that the organist had fired a ehot at the bridal party while the ceremony was pro ceeding, and that Lord Warleigh, the best man, would have been killed if he had not bent his head just in time to avoid the bullet. And a second shot would have followed the first if Ellen Balfour had not wrenched the pistol away. Everyone said that everyone knew some thing dreadful would happen before long, Charles Rossitur bad looked so unlike him self ; and wbat had happened was a warning to young men not to fall in love with young to men who were above them in station. Was it likely that the Earl's only daughter would etoop to Farmer Rossitur's son ? The guests who had waited to assist in the removal of the unfortunate youug *w?-n to his home, brought the news to the Park : but as it was such a horrible story for the bride to hear on her wedding day, everything possible was done to keep it from Lady Judith's ears. That something very unusual had taken place was, however, so patent to everyone that the bride's curiosity was aroused, and getting bold of her younger brother she made him tell her everything. And he did so in the matter of-fact, and unconcerned manner peculiar to a lad of about seventeen. ' Something happened after you left, you say 1 By jove ! I should think so, rather ! That good-looking chap who plays the organ tried to Btab himself, or something, and he would have killed hiinself outright but for some plucky girl who was in tbe loft with him ; She sang out for help, aud seized the knife and got it from him and flung it out into the body of the church. I believe it hit old Mulberry, the pew opener, on the top of Ms bald head, and cracked it like a nut. I'm not joking ! By jove Judy, you do look white 1 Have some fi?^ or something ? I say won't the 'iflt-^r pitch into me for telling yon 1 They wanted to keep it dark for fear you might think it unlucky I' 'Ob, never mind! I am all right,' said Lady Judith, ' But I wish it had not hap pened on my wedding day. And they took him home, you say?' ' Yes ; and the doctor says he is in for brain fever, poor chap. He was off his head, you know.' The bride was silent for a few minutes, and busy with the buttons of her glove. ' Do you know who the girl was?' she said at last. ' No ; sot L Never thought of asking. She is a plucky one, and no mistake !' No more was said, and *rhen the happy pair had started, Lord asd l*d.Y StQlingfort congratulated themselves that Judith knew nothing of the catastrophe that marred the splendour of her wedding day. And during the weeks th'* she wss en joying a luxurious honeymoon, with every wish, email or great, anticipating by her enamoured husband, and money at her com mand to gratify every whim, Rossitur was Ijjiug between life &ud; death at Stillingfort. Those only who watched him night and day, and heard his incessant ravings, and his wild appeals for help to resist some unknown temptation, (which was either the delusion of a fevered brain, or one to which he had at eotne time been exposed) knew a tithe of his Many and many a time did Alice and Ellen, who shared the nursing between, them., wish, that death would put an end to bis trial and theirs. It was so pitiful to s-e the strong young fellow lying there day after day, either raving in wild delirium, or with his mind wandering, aud his speech the babble of a child. He recoguised no oue, and the only EUen uetd to play a familiar air softly on the piano that stood at tbe far end of the room iu which he lay ; but too often he took no notice whatsoever, or tried to drown the sound with his voice. The days were growing short, tnd the trees, those silent witness s of secret meetings be tween the false woman and her too credulous lover, were bare, and the late flowers iu the farm garden were black aud sear with early out of danger, the change for the better came, as it so often does, in a long sleep, and the two women who loved Iiim watched, eagerly for bis awakening. right iianJ ; the stcrm of passion aud Jea; air that had beattu him down, aud all but taken bis life, vras over, and he felt aud spoke like a new man. As he grew stronger and better day by day he strove to recall his last hoar treacherous, an-l fajltti him utterly when he tried to remember what had happened before he awoke and found himself lying on his bed a hat he could scarcely lift bis hand to his bead. When they told him it was six weeks since he wis taken ill he could Ecareeij' be made to believe it, and it was only by very slow de grees that he was able to piece together scenes and events that, when he drat U-^au to recall them, seemed more like vague tireatus than actual occurrenc-.e, Ae soon as he was out of danger EUtu Balfour gave up her share of the watching, and nursing, and went back to her work at the school. She could not hriug her self to wait for hie recognition, for it would indeed be bard to bear should she eee him turn from her now ; and she was, besides, honestly afraid lest the mere sight of her might recall the awful scene in the church too suddenly to his recollection, and cause a re lapse ; so, as soon as he began to address those about him by '*'-*?, ehe never went into bis room although she went to the Farm every day to inquire for him. If be remembered anything of tile straggle between himself and her for the knife/M never spoke of it ; but his sister noticed that be used to watch the door incessantly, u if expecting someone to appear who never When he was able to be up and about again it was nearly Christmas, and the very first day he was able to walk as far be went straight to the Bchool -bouse and surprised Ellen by walking into her room as ane eat lone in the gloaming. ' Do you take me for a very tall, thin ghost ?' he said, as be went forward into the circle of the bright fire-light. ' I am afraid you do, you look bo sacred '. Tea would not come to see me, so I am obliged to come and see you ; but I think you are rather unkind to neglect your handiwork aa soon as it ia tolerably well patched up and on its legs again !' ' My handiwork !** was all she could stam mer in reply ; emotion was choking her, and to bide her confusion she got up and made him take her chair by the fire. She stood on the hearth with her eyes fixed on the logs that were burning so brightly and cheerily with vivid blue and yellow flames ; bis eyes were fixed on her pale pure face. *' Ellen,' he said at last, and stretching out his poor thin bands he took one of hers between them, ' I want to thank yon, my brave, true-hearted little friend, for having tared my life. It fra^ fokpn me a very long time to remember what happened on Lady Judith's wedding day, but Ihave got it all plain and clear now, and I owe it to yon that I did not kill myself like a coward ! I cin but hope that this strong little hand,' and he raised it to his lips as be spoke, ' has given back to the world of workers a. safer and play the organ that day ! What do yon say, KillpTi ! You have not much hope of me, I am afraid, or you would speak, n he added as he drew her towards him by the hand he still held. 'It is not that — I always had hope of you,' ?he faltered, 'It is because I am so glad to Bee you well again.11 '* Yes ; well again. Well in mind, thank God. And it is not only the ip*dnwg of the fever that has passed — another, and a more pestilent fever has died out, and the wild desire and mad longing of the past two yean have disappeared with it, and a desire that is ? better and nobler, and more fit for such a man na I am, has been born wg*'n ] RHyn I am ashamed, to remember that more ft*** two years ago, in thifl very room, and seated in this spot, I gave yon to understand attbougu I did not say so in words, that I cared {or yon, not as a brother or as a friend, but aa a lover ; and yet, from that hour until this, no word of love for you has pissed my lips. I need not tell you bow I was drawn away from you, or by whom for yon know all; and in your heart per' haps you despise me for a poor weak fool ; wt 'Oh ! no — no !** broke from her involun tarily, and. pulling her hand, from hiB detaining clasp she covered her agitated face and burst into convulsive sobs. * Tn a moment be was by hpr side with hiw whispered, *' Do not turn from me. I love you ? yon will always be to *T|P the noblest, truest and sweetest woman upon earth 1 If you ever cared for me, oh, care for me now when I so sorely need your love \ Be my wife, and let us go away together out of this hateful place. Will you — will you come?' ' I will go with you to the end of this world !' she answered, as she threw herself weepiog upon his breast. 