ALBURY. FROM OUR, CORRESPONDENT. . Asa matter' of fact news is dull,. We have certainly "had an election for aldbrmanio honors, in which Mr. Lamport boat'Mr; Kelly fay' six votes. The latter ' is not ' satisfied with his , 'defeat, ' on the grounds that two or three ratepayers pollod more than four votes, the Municipal. Association, holding that more than this number cannot ' bo polled by any single 'rate payer 'but thon even the Association are not infallible in their advice, or we should not have an alderman holding tho position of troasuror to- tho council. Tho . returning oificor (tho Mayor) gonerally gets tho blame of issuing these multiplicity of votes to ratepayers, but 'oh the occasion of. arx oloction tho returning officer, to uso r vulgar expression, is supposed to be stuffed, as ho daro not rbIc a voter ii question, nnloH» asked to do' so by a scrutineer, :and thou ho' can only put three questions to him. In tho caso particularly urgod on this occasion, Mr. . Abcrcroinbio, manager of tho Coinmorcial. Bank, lmd four voting papers isBUud to him for his' private place, and then-had four more .papers issued to him for tlio Commer cial Banking Co., of which hois the niaimgor; and representative. If he in doing wrong iu so voting, then the matter can only bo settled by a Su- promo Court judgment, which costs money. As another olection must take , place in .February noxt,- Mr. IColly should tako his. gruol kindly, and come forward and oppose the' sauio candidate at the noxt olection. The upsotting'of the presont election will not' put' Mr., Kelly in fbr ./> cer tainty, and it will nave the, ratepayers monoy from 'going to waste on a dis- . putedl election. . ThelFireiBrigpdo Sports, in regard to nomination, have filled up well, bnt the acceptances will not ho so good, as thero aro plenty of mon in the handicaps, if thoy had the limit at 25 or 30 yards instead of 16 or 17 would not havo had the ghost of a Bhow. Albury again had to play second fiddle to the Tallangatta footballers on Saturday last.- Oh ! for the dd-'y of Futtor, Dawson, Warden, and 'Buggy. Messrs. Aldermen T. H. Mate and A. Frew have gone down to Sydney to ilead, to tho Select Committee, on lehalf of the Council, for tho Muni- 'oinal Cattle" Yards; - 1 believe they will prove that over 150,000 ; Bheep, horses, cattle, and pigs, are sold annu- ally : by Albnry . auctioneers, and 1 the Connoil vory properly think that some compensation should accrue for .the, cutting' up' of the" roads. and.. streets' by cattlo..and sheep during the year. MossrB. ;'0. L. Griffith, G. Billpon, G. Adams, and W. Turner, "also went down, it 'is 'Supposed, to.suppdrt tho olaims of' the present auctioneer, who first started (successfully) the selling of Btock. in-Albnify, and tlioreby esta blished a market. I 