torf topics and anticipatichs. Br AsxoDxug. Geelong is a well recognised landmark, with which stands associated the opening of each succeeding racing season, and to-day there will be the customary gathering ol the clans on the Barwon course for the purposeof celebrating the inaugural ceremonies incidental to the campaign of 1887-88. Given fine weather, the special trains from Alelbourne are bound to be well patronised, and it is to be hoped the rail way arrangements wiil be better conducted than was the case last Saturday, when visitors to Wyndham were occasioned considerable an noyance by the venations delay which a scarred in journeying to and fro. Proceedings will be initiated by the Hurdle Race, for which there are at the time of writing no fewer than 25 candidates on the list Courage, 10 st 5 lb., is ; an improving horse, and I would f"-i disposed; to abide by him in preference to -it'-w— abnnr. ' 10 st 6 st , or pastoria, 9 st. 5 In, who ratty ; prove the pick of the rest The Srst 2-yecr-hld ; stakes of the season is irrTarialar a aiiTicuh thing to anticipate, and in making a cast ior tho probable winner I wall .split any wote; between Quadrant and Prononnder. fEite; Winter Handicap wi3 he another "hard; nut to crack. J. WBsan, jnn-, will he laE ad; beat with Ringmaster, 9 st 2 lb., :tnS 10.7., - 7 st 12 lbt; and The htim anniil mnssess in; decided look in at 7 st S Ih. UAtra on rucent' form is also well treated at the same weight,! the best of the others being, in my opinion,: Yeoman, 7 st. 2 lb., Lesbia, S at 12 db and Dagon, 6 st 6 lb. I fancy the winner will turn up in one or other of the foregoing, possibly; 10\. XT. or The dCnn, whichever happens to have the healthiest market ring The Steeplechase ; should provide an interesting contest, and the i3sne may rest between Kangaroo and The Irishman, - the former for choice. The Selling Race should go to Allsnder or Stafford. Derision had so much the best of Jocular in a six furlongs spin during the week that I expect to see him placed in commission for the Railway Handicap, though the stable possesses another slippery customer in Fair Saxon, who may possibly be the chosen of the pair; Marque, 7 st 3 lb., and Sunshade, 7 st., are the best handicapped of the others, and to make a bid for the places I would name them, Sunshade, Derision, Marque. For the benefit of intending visitors, I may remark that special trains will leave Melbourne at 8.37, 10.15 and 10.40 a.m. The 8.37 a.m. takes horses and passengers from Melbourne to Geolong, thence they will go on to the race course by tho first local special, at 10.40 an Tho 10. 15 a.m. will pick up passengers at allroad- aido stations, and tho 10.40 a.m. at Werribee ana ueetong amy. Despite the uninviting state of affaire over head on Saturday lret, a large number of race course /tcWc-at journeyed to Wyndham to witness theafternoon'ssport provided by Secretary Wall. Tho railway arrangements were as usual, a source of considerable annoyance. Although the evening train to Wyndham can accomplish the trip in 35 minnte3, it took tho first special nearly three times as long to get down ; neither was there any improvement on the return journey, for it was not until after 6 o'clock that the voaSmrj were landed at Spencer- street. Racing men have recently become so accustomed to this description of treat ment, and have protested In vain, that they cow reconcile themselves to the situation, albeit tho existing state of affaire is anything bat creditable to the departmental heads who regu late the movements of the iron horse. The company had no sooner taken possession of the paddock than rain commenced to fall, and the same continuing at intervals during the after noon those present had to submit to a very unpleasant experience. By way of completing the discomfiture of the majority, the favorites, one and all, were destined to an exceedingly rough timo of it, not one getting home during the afternoon. The running, if not reaby crooked, -was decidedly peculiar in a large number of instances, and although the stewards thought fit to come down upon Maori and his rider they would not have exceeded their duty had they meted out similar punishment in other instances. The officials were evidently of opinion that O'Brien palpably pulled Maori ; and the public generally, judging by remarks pissed in the paddock, were equally emphatic as to the measure of chastisement that should have been served out to others. There was one case, perhaps, more flagrant than any other, and the offender had a narrow escape, inasmuch as the matter was brought under the notice of the stewards, though no action was taken. A unanimous opinion prevailed that the Tas- mauian mare Repose would have supple mented her Williamstown victory but for teing run off by Cromwell at the last fence. This fortuitous circumstance immensely favored T.B., who wa3 absolutely beaten at the time of its occurence. Mr. Cox, jun., lost no time in turning the opportunity to account, and riding the Englishman gelding every inch of the journey he defeated Rocket after a great race. Mystery was preferred to his stable companion, Donor, but had the misfortune to fall early in the race. The Caulfield division made a strong demon stration in favor of Louise Berta for the Werribee Park Handicap, in the start for which H. Brown, the rider of Fem!e3, got right away from his field. This he had evidently made up hi3 mind to do at any cost, for Mr. Tom Watson had twice fined him a" fiver," and on his conduct bein g subsequently reported to the stewards they suspended him for six months. The Forsaken Femlea tared in the home stretch the issue remained between the pair, of whom Forsaken stayed the longer, and won comfortably at the finish. Orlando was well backed by his party, bnt he lost ground at the start, and appeared unable to gain a yard on the leaders. The Tasmanian nag, Flashlight, was on everybody's tongue for the Steeple chase, and so great was the desire to get on that his price shortened to 3 to 2 ; then a reaction set in, and so strong was the desire to field against the flashy chestnut that he receded to 3 and 4 to L He travelled badly in the market at these odds, and those who had backed him at a shorter price satisfied them selves that their chance was of a forlorn des cription long before the horses left the paddock. Law was hooted vociferously on returning to scale, bnt it seemed bard that be should have been made responsible for the shortcomings of his monnt, who was clean out of the hunt three-quarters of a mile from home. Hard Times was badly handled, otherwise Spangle would never have got home in front of him, and M-CuHoch is deserving of commendation ior the artistic manner in which he piloted the winner. W atson also displayed rare horseman ship en Eolkrne, for, notwithstanding that he lost both stirrup leathers early in the race, he sailed over the course in admirable style, with out ratting the slightest mistake. There were no less than a dozen contestants for the Selling Race, zn which Ambassadress .turned up trumps azm benefited the club's exchequer to the runs ni 5 j sure. Salro was all the rage In- -i t"- T—i t- of the day, but fielders nsver grew tired of laying him, and they were rnwurded ly zhevffzns' showing np in Marque, nTmso-r.Trrnft rtc-e-'y written by the yieacHlere. who neaped quite a golden harvest Ihv tike e H'"V -mzn> -cd faTc-rites mowed down H-T-m- ......I-,- Monday's settling was m; jmnssnuenne xmsuaDy -zesastrcus to backers. nrfie ril''-.- paring season of 1337-88 entered 'upon its mnsiEnoe cm Monday under n, rwr jynTnlarnr- for if the num- ber of xnade -cm that day for various events of thB ensuing spring may be taken as an indication, an unnsnafiy busy and interest ing season is at hand. At the Victoria Amateur Turf Club's office, Mr Bond and his energetic assistant, Mr. Henry, were busily engaged in readving entries for the Csnlfield Grand National Meeting, which takes place on the 20th of '1-'" month, aad when the lists scon after the time of dosing had been promptly oompiled it was seen thai the five events had been subscribed to by the large aggregate of 159 nominators. The Sapling Stakes has. an entry of 33 youngsters, representing no less tVi»T, 23 different sires, and the Hurdle Race has attracted 33, including all the cracks and the three horses placed in the Y.R.C. Grand National Huidla Race. The Selling Race has an entry of 14, most of which are well known names in connection with events of this des cription. The fact of only 16 horses being entered for the Grand. Katiqnal Steeplediaso suggests that a racing cinh receives no encouragement to" establish events a prevalence of which- would eventually have an advantageous and improving effect on the breeding of Australian blood stock Mr. S. Miller, so far from shirking the extra mile which has apparently frightened other owners, has entered Mernder, Studley and The Irishman, with which trio the ;l crimson and white" is worthily, represented ; bnt where are the great guns Game and Royal Oak r The non-appearance of the latter will perhaps be by far the greater public surprise, although the initiated have for some timo known that Mr. Pearson was not likely to enter the Grand National winner. The .decision of the Gipps- land owner is much to be regretted, as a mare likely horse than Royal Oak to be going well at the end of 4 miles whan some hare been galloped to a stand still it would be diScnlt to name. In the absence of Game, Baflirat is represented by Kildare, who at Flemington three weeks ago proved such a gay deceiver, aad by Scobie'a grind hurdleracer Blue Mountain. We have yet to tee the latter negv'.iato b'g timber, but if good looks go for anything there is no reason why this handsome sen of Crosgh Patrick should not emulate his illustrious neighbor, Gsm?, bv winning a Grand National at Ms first " attempt after helling the premiership over the " small sticks." With the two Tas- manian3, Kangaroo and Flashlight, the consis tent bat not too fortunate Ruby, the western mars Spangle, the veteran Marquis c! Water- ford, the .South Australian Sir Ewan, Mr. Miller's trio and the Ballarat pair, there need be no doubtof an uniaterestingcontest, and though the entty is certainty disappointing, I hope that the result may justify the V.AT.C. executive in retaining their present conditions in future seasons. What is to become ot the boasted reputation of the Australian thoroughbred if we are to confess that we dare not ask our crack steeplechasers to go 4 miles over carefully and specially prepared ground ? The Balaolava Stakes has attracted an entry of 50, and, without going into particulars, more than half of them are capable of cutting out asmart mile, so that visitors to.Caulfield on the 20th may mikesure of witnessing a good final;. The weights for this meeting will be declared on Monday next, the 8th inst. Speaking from memory, I think Mr. Cox scored a best on record on Monday when he received 101 nominations for the Motaee Valley Cup, to be run on Saturday, the 22nd of October. The list includes nearly all the prominent Victorian sprinters ; Pasha, Teddy. Yuille and Mana from Mew Zealand, aad representatives of New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania, the contest therefore hds fair to be of an essentially intercolonial character. For the St. Albans Handicap for 2-yetr-olds, to be run on the same day, 29 entries were received. Weights for these events wiil be declared on the 1st of September. The Williamstown Racing Club were also on Monday favored, as they deserved to be, with splendid entries for the Williamstown Handicap, of 400 sovs., to be rue on tie Prince of Wales's Birthday, 109 nomiiations having been received. The Williamstown event is n.u uuu a nan inriongs runner rnan rne Mc-onee Valley Cup, and thesfore the entry by comparison is highly satisfactory to the seaside executive. The weijhts for the Wil liamstown Handicap will sat be published until the 24th of October. I congratulate Mr. George Davis on having secured, by the substantial majority of 24 votes, the raising of the minimum handicap weight from 5 st. to 6 st 71b. On the divisor! being taken at the V.RC.' annual meeting on Monday it was found that 55 voted for the motion and 32 against it, which is in singular contrast to the result of-the last vote on the same subject, when Mr. Davis's supporters. were in a marked minority. Previously, however, it is said that the opposition canvassed hard, and gathered their forces energetically, aad it may be that a sense of security born of success caused these tactics to be neglected on the pre sent occasion, with the result above mentioned. I prefer, however, ascribing the successful re sult of Mr. Davis's endeavor to elevate the turf and improve the bipeds and quadrupeds who figure upon it to the practicability and clear ness of hi3 arguments as compared with the fallacious reasoning of bis opponents. When Mr. OMilloran, for instance, carried the old and well known acknowledgment that a handicapper's duty was to equalise the chances, to such an extreme as to say that a horse worth £5 ought to have as good a chance as any other of winning a Melbourne Cup it was evident that he struck no responsive chord in the minds of his hearers ; and his argu ment that" the V.R.C. oughtto retain the 6 St. limit because it existed in the other colonies fell equally fiat. I may remind Mr. O'Hal- loran that if such considerations as these had guided the Victoria Racing Club during the last 25 years racing tn Australia would enjoy a very inferior reputation to that which it can now lay claim to, ana Victorians would not have been able to boast possession of the best appointed and managed racecourse in the world. So far as the few speakers were concerned, it was a somewhat remarkable fact that all theleamed profession were on oneside, and all the practical eloquence on tire other. Before the comparatively feeble arguments of the opposition found utterance it was evident that Mr. Davis's sensible remarks, the result of long experience and sound judgment, had made a good impression, and few if any were there fore astonished at his motion being so triumphantly carried. Mr. L. L. Smith was much happier in his remarks at the V.RC. annual meeting on turf malpractice than when urging the desirability of light weight handicaps. "The Doctor "hit straight out at the amount of " Johnny Arm strong" riding which is practised, and the chairman assured him that his suggestion that special measures be adopted to detect and punish offenders would receive the considera tion of the committee. Mr. Smith's remarks respecting the undesirability of early 2-year- old racing were well received, as they deserved to be, and in reply the chairman remarked that the 2-year-old gelding race' had already been deferred until the autumn. - " In the . absence of opposition;' Sir William Clarke, Messrs: C: B. Fisher, S. Gardiner, S. Miller, V. Pearson aad G. Watson were declared re-elected to the Y.RU. committee on Monday. The alterations to rnies 1 and 5 recently pro posed by the V.RC. committee met with no opposition when brought before membeis at the annual meeting. The first doss away with the anomaly of a horse being called upon in a flat race to carry a penalty for winning a hurdle race or steeplechase and nc« rerrf, and the necessity for its adoption was long ago pointed ont in these columns. The alteration in rule 5 it read dearly that the winner of a hurdle race .or steeplechase is not barred from competing in a flat race for maidens. Matters are particularly quiet at Flemingtou just now. On strolling down to tho training ground last Tuesday morning, I found the track3 in capital order, the outer running being particularly good, and greatly benefited by tho spell to which it has been treated. It WS3 very chilly at early mem, with the ground covered by a thick coating of -frost, but later cn the sun made its influence felt to an agreeable extent, and the occa sion wa3 suggestive c-f the delightful spring mornings experienced at Randwiclz later on. Touting under scch pleasaDt atmospherie conditions could be tolerated all the year round, but the habitues are too conversant with the eccentricities of our climate to expect many such mornings at the present period of the year. The principal object of my visit was to note the doings of the intended candidates for Geelong,the first of which to go was Acolyte, who bad the hurdle racer Courage for a companion. The Sydney Cup hero looked In good heart and slipped merrily along, but there is a prevailing idea amongst the sar ants of the track that the >ewminster has lost much of his former brilliancy, and his recent performances 'cer tainly favor tho notion. Courage is a free goer, awl although he is anything but leniently treated by y,9 handicapper it would not sur prise me to see him score a win to-day. E- D. and Dagon, both of Vrhom are engaged in the Winter Handicap, slipped ajong for a mile and a quarter, the last namea . having much the best of the argument E. U, in fact, could not be persuaded to finish oat the journey alongside his companion, and after displayihg his customary roguish proclivities by stopping, it was only by the administration of a liberal dose of steel and whipcord that he completed the journey, several lengths in the rear of Dagon, Sunshade skimmed over five furlongs in 1 min. 8 see. without assistance, and as th? perrormance shows her to be in good iorm,J she should have something to say before the numbers are hoisted for the Railway Handicap this afternoon. Coffey is formidably represented in the same event by Derision, Jocular and Fair Saxon, The first named pair broke away together for a fast 6 furlong3, Derision apparently having his mate in tronble at the finish. Fair Saxon performed a moderate gallop in company with Jebdsite, w ymi, aapposeu to possess something more than an octfide show for Derby and Cup honors. \ery few of the cognoscenti incline to the idea, however. Blackthorn, Marquis of T\ aterford, Marmion, and Fickle were the only steeplechase - candidates I saw work. The Yeoman 3nd Lesbia, botii of which are engaged in tho Winter 'Handicap, had not made their appearance up to btent-_ fast time, but X was given to understand that the pair are doing remarkably well. For some unaccountable reason the sand track was closed cn Wednesday morning, greatly to the annoyance of several trainers who intended to take advantage of the good going for some fast work. The opportunities of indulging in a sale gallop have been so few during tbe last few months that trainers naturally object to the best track being closed just as it i3 getting into proper order. Two of the finest Derby horses now in train ing at Flemingtou are the New Zealand pair. Tranter aEd Whakawai, the former being by Musket from Pungawerwere, and the latter by Leolinus from Lure,; an own sister to the famon3 performers, Luriins and Le Loup. Whakawai is one of the biggest 3-year-olds in training, standing 15 hands 2 inches, while his companion is within an inch of him. Tranter has set and furnished much sooner than ex pected in a colt of his immense proportions, and provided he successfully survives the pre paration he is now undergoing at the hands of Mr. W. E. Dakin, he promises to worthily carry Mr. Mitchelson's neatly designed colors during the approaching season. Parallel with the members' drive to the Flemington racecourse is a strip of ground which appears to be devoted to no better use than sheep grazing. Some time ago a number of trainers applied to the V. R. C. for permission to use the space as a walking exercise ground for them horses, bnt the requisition has not been com plied with, and a number of tranters are of opinion that they have been treated cavalierly, seeing that the ground in question is lying ' idle: Entries close on Mon<fey next for the Elstern- wick Park Meeting to be held on Saturday, the 27th inst. The events requiring attention are theHurdle Race, about one mile and a half;' August Handicap, of five and a half furlongs; Handicap Trot, two miles ; Steeplechase, about two miles; Selling Race, five fur longs, and Elstern wick Park Handicap, one mile and a furlong and a half, each of the value 5' 75 sovs., and the Sapling Stakes,of 50 sots. , three furlongs. The Fifth Australian Trotting Sires' Produqe Stakes, 1889, closed on Monday with 19 entries. The stake was open to the stock of Honesty, Vermont jun., Von Moltke jun., Contractor, Walter Scott, Startle and Merrythought, all of whom are represented." The Ararat Amateur Turf Clnb bold a meet ing on Wednesday next, the 10th inst, when it will not surprise me to see Starfish or Quijt win the Amateur Hurdle Race, Ballarat or Sr. Patrick the Jubilee Handicap, Wild Dog or Discount the Hurdle Race, and Ballarat or Mnraur the Welter Handicap. Only 15 hnrse3 were wiredrawn -from, tha Melbourne Cup oa Monday, and as none of these had been -supported backers who rushed m early have not yet been .deprived ot . the pleasures ol hope: Monday's defections were Sheet Anchor, Physician", David, Mana, Pastoria, Grace Darling, Empress, Fernandez, Elti, Shark, Little John, The Pencil, Industry and Plntarch. The entry of Iiomse, it will be remembered, was Informal, and as Master John, Metal, Salvo, Krnpp, Bosmond, Enfieid, Went- worth and Abuse had previously retired there are still 105 left for the books to operate upoc. As the second forfeit has not to be declared and paid until the Tuesday preceding the race layers and backers have nearly three months clear time in which to conduct their operations before any more but casual withdrawals wlii be declared. Members of the Bendigo Jockey Club are reminded that the annual meeting will be held cn Monday next, when the hen. sec. , Mr. J. C. Stamp, will present his report and tstacce sheet. It has been determined to hold the Spring Meeting on Wednesday and Thursdav. the 23rd and 24th November. Tbe Sbepparton Club has determined upon holding its Spring Meeting oa the 19th Octo ber. Entries close on Monday next for the Moonee Valley meeting, to be held on Saturday, tho 13th inst. Tho events requiring attention are the First Metropolitan Stake, 3 furlong", for maiden 2- year-olds: the August Handicap, 4 furlongs ; l,adies Trophy, 1 mile 5 Welter Handioap Steeplechase, about 1 miles, .for amateur riders; Selling Race, hall a mile ; and Eisendoa Handicap, 1 mile and 100 yard?. The weights will ho declared on tho following Wednesday, and trainers and jockeys are remindod that they can only obtain their tickets by applying at the oflico, Kirk's Bazaar, on Thursday next, t At the annual meeting of tho Victorian Club, held on Tuesday afternoon, tho chairman, Mr. C. D. O'Halloran, congratulated member.; on the gratifying fact that tho "tub was in a flourishing condition, the members' roll snowing an addition or nearly ruu memuers for the past yenr, and tho club's assets more than doubling its liabilities. Messrs. 1j. L. Smith, Q-, D. Cartor and J. Grico rotired from tho committee, Mr. Grice having accepted the honorary treasurership, and Mr. Carter did not offer himself for re-election. The nomina tions for tho vacant seats were Messrs. L. L. Smith, D. S. Wallace and A. Garner, who, in tho absence of opposition, wore declared elected. ; Second payments to tho- Caulfield Cup are due on the 30th of tbi3 month, and as the only withdrawals to dnto are Rhetorician, Lord Wilton, Enfield, Abuse, St. Leonards, Grace Darling and Empress, there are at present 103 left in. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club held last Saturday, tho following office bearers wero elected for tho ensuing year : Committee, Messrs. . M. Loughlin, N. Wilson, A. Wynne, R. Orr, W. Bailey, S. Ilolgato and A. M. Greenfield ; bon. treasurer, Mr. Agar Wynno ; secretary, Mr. A. M. Greenfield. The Spring Meeting has been arranged for Friday and Saturday, 2nd nnd 3rd December. Tho three months preceding the V.R.C. spring meeting may fairly be called the silly season so far as that numerous class, the unprofessional backers of horses, arc con cerned. It is during that period that if a man's gaze be arrested by some particular number on an advertisement, or in a book or newspaper he is compelled by some irresistible force to ascertain what horse occupies a posi tion in tho Melbourne Cup list indicated by that number and fatuously " throws away a pound on it." Dreams of the most vague character which at any other time of year would make no impression on the imagination cost tho general public hundreds of rounds, for all gamblers arc superstitious, though none admit the soft impeachment. Trivial coincidences are accepted as inspira tions and supported with as much confi dence as though they represented reliable stable _ information ; thus I know a man, by no means so mad on ordinary subjects as the incident would indicate, who, waiting for his tea to be served in a well known cafl a week or two prior to the last Spring meeting, found his gaze fixed upon a door at tho far end of tho room on which was painted the word "Lavatory." This monomaniac admitted to me that tho first four letters made such an impression on his mind as to induce him to hack " Lava'Mor the Maribyrnoug Plate, and similar absurdities could be quoted by tho score. Now hero's a fact, circumstance, calculation or what ever you like to term it by which lovers of coincidence or peculiarity may profit or lose, as tbo case may bo, should they feel disposed to try their luck. Thoro have been 26 Molbourno Cups ruu, and the aggregate weight carried by tbo winners amounts to 194 st. 9 lb., from which it will bo seen that tho average weight of a Melbourne Cup winner has been 7 st. G 4-Sth lb., or, in the roundest numbers applicable, 7 st. 7 lb. Singularly enough this weight has never yet been borne to victory, and I may inform specu lative baokers that tbo animals called upon to carry it this year are Lord William,' Ilortenso and Aborcorn. Considering the position of the first named when turning into tho straight in last year's Cup race, the 2-year-old per formances of Hortenso and Alercorn, and the letter's presont position in tho Derby betting, this may be a straightor tip than tbo most- vivid dream of tho seasoD, and may point out the royal road to fortune ; but readers of theso lines are reminded that, on the other hand, it may land them " in the ditch." At a meeting of the committee of tho Vic toria Racing Club, hold 011 Tuesday, the follow ing officers were elected for the ensuing year : — Chairman : Mr. C. B. Fisher. Stewards : Messrs. Leonard, Wallace, Power, O'Shanassy and Fisher, Starter: Mr. G. "Watson. Judgo: Mr. 11. S. Wakley. Handicappcr : Mr. E. T. Barnard. Hon. treasurer: Mr. J. C. Walker. Honorary surgeons : Messrs. T. N. Fitzgerald and E. M. James. Works suh-committce : Messrs. Gardiner, Leonard, Whitlingham, Smith and Miller. Finance sob- committee : Messrs. Fisher, O'Shanassy and Wallace. Dis tress jockey fund sub- committee: Messrs. Leo nard, Miller, Power and Watson. Secretary : Mr. H. Byron Moore. The Tungamah postponed race mooting has been fixed for tho 25th inst. Nominations will close on Monday, the 8th of August, and acceptances on the 22nd. Mr. Jamos Pitcher's "promising 2-year-old aolt by Rapidity, dam Monsoon, bad to be de stroyed on Sunday last at dunes, having broken its near fore leg jnst above the knee whilst in tho act of jumping a fence. The colt got its leg botween tho top and seoond rails when attempting to take tho fence, when tho leg broke short off. Mr. W. Robinson's racehorses. Silver Enfilade, Engagement, Thunderbolt and Die- owned, arrived in Sydney on Monday by the Hauroto, from New Zealand. At Svdnoy Tattersall's on Monday evening 600 to 30 was taken in favor of Rosebud for the Hawkesbury Handicap, and about £2000 was booked at 100 to 2 about Algerian for the Mol bourno Cup. In Sydney, oarly in tho week, a discussion arose relative to tbo merits of the V.R.G Derby candidates, and concluded by Mr. Oxen- bam wagering £1000 t'uat the New Zealand bred colt, Niagara, boat Abercorn. The Sydney Leviathan hae ovidontly no faith in the rumor? which have been going about to tho effect that Niagara was " queer." The following horses have been soratohed for the Geelong meeting : — Hurdlo Race : Star, Maori, Digby Grand, Fiddler. Winter Handi oap : Dividend, Master Jack, Danseuse. Stee plechase : Ruby, Spangle, Stockman. Railway Handioap : Dnfforin, Don Giovan, Sorcerer, Margrave, All Blauk. Selling Stakes : Real Jem. Two-yoar-old Stakes : St. Clair and Acorn. Tne acceptances for tho Timo Handicap Trot are:— Flirt, Ginger, Olympic, Tenolydo, II. A., Happy ' Thought, Rosalie, Brnce, Bokhara, Jerus»lem, Talk, Loithamstead. Adrance Australia ! mo tonowing cnaiieiine from Sidney Galvayne, the Australian horse tamer, who has recently boen performing in England, .appeared in the London Sportsman of 22nd June. Tho author of it may be indulging in a litt.e " blow," but ho appears to mean business :— "I wish to publicly mnko the fol lowing chiliengC8 10 Professor Leon, who calls himself ibi Mexican horse tamer. I will raatoh myself to break to saddle and harness four colts of equal bleeding, and drive same in a foitr- borse leani, before he can, neither of us to have an assistant, except to hold tho colts while beiugharnesBed, for tho sum of £100 a- sido ; or I vill lako a colt, or colts, trick' and 1 manage' them bettor than bo can in a given time, say one week, for tbo sum of £100 a-sido ; or I will mi.toh myself to ride a bucking and kicking borte better than ho can. I will also ride' against Leon across country, each to carry snmo weight, for £100 a Bide, horsemanship to bo the tost ; 0: 1 will crack an Australian stock and four-horse whip against him for £50 a side; T ...Hi mntii. mff cm,, ft lad of 17 yea 18 of age, to ride or trivo against Leon, and to prove himself in all rtspccts a better horseman than ho is to tho satisfaction of the judges for £250 a side. Or I wil; present Leon with £10 upon successfully perfonning the following feats : Rido an ordinarily-mettled hunter at a walk, trot, cantor, and gallop to word of command, and jump a fixed object, say 4 feet 6 inches in height, publicly in Ute Westminster Aquarium within three days from the date of the issue of this challenge. — I am, &c.;, S. Gai.vayn'K. P.S.— The judges in the above competition to bo appointed by tho Sportsman, Sporting life, the Field and Country Gentleman. Tho editor of the first named paper to be stakeholder, and the decision of the judges to be final The members of nowes's Tattersall'sClubheld their annual meoting at thoir rooms, Prevut's Hotel, on Thursday, when Mr. W. H. M'Millan from the chair was able to mako a number of gratifying announcements. Tho annual race meeting he said had returned a profit of £285 13s. 9J. Tho members subscrip tion for tho year amounted to £473 14s., tho club's assets to £918, and its liabilities to nit Three years ago tho club's balance in band amounted to only £8, nud considering tho remarkably successful result of recent management, it was not surprising that members cordially supported a proposal mado by Mr. H. Moses, and seconded by Mr. W. Walker, that a bonus of £25 be granted to tho secretary, Mr. G. B. Thomas. Messrs. J. I Saqui, J. Levy and A. Ilyman having been cloctod committeemen, a particularly satisfactory mooting was brought to a conclusion. Tlio following horses arrived at Goelong yes terday, from Ballarat, Quadrant, Saved, Sol- kirk, Marque and Oukloigb. The following names have been given to young stock by various owners : — Colt by First King — Yardley, Lonsdale ; colt by Savanaka — Eileen, The Lawyer ; filly by Goldsbrough — Thir-.-i AliKo Thirva : colt bv Gamr Forward — Roy's Wife, Aldivalloch ; filly by St. Albans— Pardon, Lady Betty; oolt by Richmond — Bri tannia, Lord Rosebery ; colt by Dante — Glyce rine, Wvvis ; gelding by Goldsbrough — Para digm, Tho Judge; colt by Quambone— Premier mare, Yan Yean ; filly by Neckorsgat — Gruyoro, Fromago ; filly by Bosivorth— The Roe, Skiff ; filly by Dante — Valta, Ilex. Mr. J. Field Beoured a bargain whan Musk lloso fell to him at Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. 'a sale for 225 guineas,; and mated with such mares as this handsome sou of Musket will bo put to it is reasonable to assume that tho pur- obaso will result in the maintenance of Tas mania's reputation as a breeding colony. Com motion's half brother, Exminster, was also sold dirt cheap to Mr. Black for 205 guineas, and though Tho Plunger realised 280 guineas, he is well qualified to speedily recoup Mr. Youugor, of Grela, his purchase money. For old Chuckstcr 160 guineas waB a satisfactory price, but tho well brod Danto was wonderfully cheap at 90 guineas. Graud Prix, who just reached threo figures, is worth every shilling of the money paid. I am glad to hoar that Mr. John Tait was ablo to bo presont at tho late Canterbury Park raooB, tho vetorau's re- appearanco aftor his severe illness being tho subject for general and hearty congratulation. Yellow Jacket was scratched for the Metropo litan Stakea on Monday. Up to tho departure of tho last mail from New Zealand D. O'Brien was undecided as to whether ho would visit Australia with the crack 3-year-old Sextant. Grace Darling and Empress have left Caul- field for Sydney. Amongst tho liorsoB shipped for India by Mr. Woekes are Tho Ghost, and Myall King tho latter having been, as previously announcod, nxrehnsad bv the well known Indian buver for Lord Willinm Bcrcsford. I am glad to note that so capablo a horseman as W. Olds bas returned to tbe saddlo, and signalised his connotion with Kiug's stablo by winning on Gay Lad at Hurlingham. Mr. Charles WeBtbrook, of Georgo- atreet, Sydney, bas published in pamphlet form tho names of 2000 racehorses running in Aus tralia and New Zealand, alphabetically arranged, with thoir pedigrees, ages, color and sex Tho list affords a ready and handy means of answeriog tli# frequent ques- tion, " How's he bred ?" and will eavo a good deal of trouble to pressmen engaged at race meetings, aiid be useful to racing men generally, us it appears to bo very completely compiled. Tbe Victorian Club Billiard Tournament con- inuos to monopolise tho attention of book makers, few of whom have done any other business during the week. The few with drawals from the Mclbouriio Cup announced on Monday were of such an unimportant cha racter that prices were not in any way affected. Silver Prince is still nominally first favorite, but there lias been practically no business done on this or any other of the approaching spring ovouts ; and nntil the Bil liard Tournament is over, there appears to be no probability of a stir in tho market. 