LIFE WITHOUT LIGHT. By a Converted Secularist. \- My mind for some time has been directed towards the study and unravelling of the mystery of life. Of course, my conetant con tact with the freethought propaganda made it imperative that I should have some defined notions of it — at least such notions as are en- tertained by freethought propagandists. I need scarcely say that I was perplexed and bewildered when I found no unanimity- of opinion among infidels regarding it, and as we progress I shall point out the blunders and contradictions of some of them. \- This question of the origin of life seems at first sight pretty well cleared up in the study of evolution. Darwin's ' Origin of Species ' is about the first work calculated to prejudice one's mind, especially if you read it with a preconceived notion, and my idea was the no God theory or atheism, and consequently I sought for a physical origin of life, although further on I shall have something more to say about this word ' physical.' Towards the cloBe of the ' Origin of Species ' Darwin speaks in this fashion — " having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one." There is no great comfort for the atheist in those few words, so one must look somewhere else ; and the next question that will almost inevitably present itself is that of Heterogenesis, or spontaneous generation. At \- first it looks awkward, but this awkwardness must-be overcome ; you summon Bastian to give his evidence, also Pasteur and some minor prophets, and having had it — and not being yourself an experimental scientist — you feel somewhat happy. But the unbeliever's happiness is a most transient arrangement, arid your pet theories gradually vanish into thin air. I might here mention that thetheory of spontaneous generation is now in a 'rudi mentary condition,' it has so often been sat upon that it has been displaced, but now and again it crops up — probably this is due to the law of ' reversion,' it is no longer of any use to the freethinker, and has consequently be come ' aborted.' The materialist, the atheist, and the agnostic have all got their own opinions about it ; they are all individualists, and the more ignorant they , are, the more likely to be dogmatic. True, this may prove there is no ' collusion,' but then one must be a freethinker. Now, I am disposed to give a fair hearing to philosopher, scientist, and freethinker, and we will begin at the begin ning. Now we want a definition of life, and one that will be clear. This clearness will be apparent in the following. Aristotle defines life as " the assemblage of operations of nutrition, growth, and of destruction." Lamarck says, " Life in the parts of the body possessing it, is that state which permits or ganic movements, and the movements which constitute active life result from the appli cation of a stimulus." Bichart regards " life as the sum total of the functions which resist death." Herbert Spencer's definition is, " Life is the definite combination of heterogeneous changes both simultaneous and successive in correspondence with external co-existences and sequences." Again, " Life is the con tinuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations." George Henry Lewis speaks, " Life is a series of definite and suc cessive changes, both of structure and of composition which take place within an indi vidual without destroying its identity." Bicheraud says, "Life is a collection of phenomena which succeed each other during a limited time in an organised body." Du- crotay describes it as " The twofold internal movements of composition and decomposition at once general and continuous." Immanuel Kant defines it as ' The sum total of those activities by which death is resisted." We are not done yet. Let us call in the free thinker and he will clear up the matter. But no, he has no definition — doesn't like defini tions, but by a bit of thimble-rigging business he contrives to swallow the whole lot. Let me prove it. One of these gentlemen, holding the certificate of the National Secular Society of England, signed by Charles Bradlaugh, says, " We must henceforth recognise life as a manifestation (a most complex manifestation it is true) of that eternal power inherent in matter itself, and which in its infinity trans cends the possibility of absolute knowledge, as does matter itself." Now, isn't that a long way of saying " we don't know anything about it"? I have quoted the exact words of thelatest addition to Australian freethought oratory. Thero is a much older and warier flier bird amongst us. This is his style. " A perfect definition requires a perfect language and-perfect knowledge both of the language and the subject to be defined. Now, if our language were perfect, our knowledge of life is not, and therefore the wisest men have not as yet strictly and accurately defined life. It must not therefore be supposed that life is not at all understood. We know much ; but there is probably very much more to be learnt." This is a grand way of raising a ghost, and then inflating it with wind. The scientist and philosopher speak of ' complex phenomena,' but the freethinker, surely, gives a complex definition. When one reflects on the foregoing galaxy of thought, it is evi dently clear that before we can be clear, we must get clear of definitions. " What do you propose ? " I fancy I hear them say. Why, accept the Word that God "breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul." All your science, all your philo sophy, and all your freethought is unavailing, when you look for an origin of life other than as a special act of Providence. I promised at the outset to examine a little more closely tho word 'physical.' Now, Professor John Tyndall says, if science were capable of showing a physical origin for life, the problem would only be half solved, and wheh the freethinker speaks of ' physical' he means the interpretation of mind in terms of matter, and the origin of life from that which has not life. But it won't do, and I would beg to remind him of the poet, Goethe, who regarded matter as the " living garment of God " It was the study of these metaphysical questions which showed me clearly that the infidel is hopelessly adrift. By an act of his free-will he severs the chain that connects him with God, and like Noah's dove, finds no rest for the sole of his foot, and, sad to relate, can find no rest for his mind. At this junc ture I would beg the sceptic to return to his home. Do not keep flying over the trackless waste— the waters of infidelity — but return back to God and say, ' Father, I have sinned against Heaven, and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son.' Now, the theory of spontaneous generation was long held amongst so-called freethinkers. As yet, through lack of knowledge, we find an occasional believer, but thinking men have found the horrible absurdity of the notion which implies that a thing of set purpose generates itself. The eminent Professor Vir- chow was a most strenuous supporter of the theory, but Dr. John Tyndall — our great ex perimental scientist — has shattered the hypo thesis to fragments ; consequently the modern unbeliever is obliged to resort to a bit of in tellectual gymnastics, and considers himself capable of vaulting the difficulty without even touching. Here are the words quoted from Buchner's ' Force and Matter.' " In nature we know of no repose ; its whole existence is a constant cycle, in which every motion, the consequence of a preceding motion, becomes immediately the cause of an equivalent suc ceeding one ; so that there is nowhere a gap, nowhere either loss or gain." This is ' the evolution hypothesis ; and evolution is defined as the ' unity and continuity of phenomena.' I would beg the reader here to remember that I quote the paragraphs particularly relied on by the foremost and most intelligent infidels, and if necessary can supply names, but prefer to proceed on the cooler mode of persuasion. After this apparent digression, let us examine the above definition and the quotation from Buchner. In my last letter I think I have successfully shown that scientist may bo pitted against scientist, to wit, Dr. J. Tyndall on evolution, and again in the present article the same gentleman, against Yirchow. The first as to mind being "latent in a fiery cloud," and great minds being " potential in the fires of the sun," and the second as to Dr. Tyndall's experiments with infusions of animal and vegetable compounds in direct opposition to the notions entertained by spontaneous generationists. Now, we will turn Buchner against the Freethinker, when he says, " there is nowhere a gap, nowhere either loss or gain," what will or can the Infidel say of mind. The body dies only, is the inference, and though the body dies, the mind will be none the loser, and as " there is nowhere a gap," and so we find mind at pre sent in conjunction with organised bodies, we must adopt the inspired words of the great Apostle Paul, " there is a material body and there is a spiritual body," hence the fallacy of the Freethought notions. It is evident that the Evolution hypothesis will not be accepted in the Freethinker's form of conveyance, and it must strike the student with peculiar force, that whereas true science has a splendid air of candour and pre cise detail, and is extremely modest in the presence of these great questions, the Infidel finds no difficulty in disposing of scientists one after the other, kicking them overboard when of no further use in support of his particular section of thought, and further than this, becomes presumtuous, arrogant, and deceitful in order to promulgate a system, the only object of which is to rob man of the nobler sentiments, emotion, will, and soul, and plant in their stead a phantom of his own raising, the ignoble, degrading, lying pre sumption, " the survival of the fittest." Why if this unmeaning idea was fact, the religion of Jesus Christ to-day survives in greater numbers than ever the ancient schools of philosophy ever dreamt of ; but the Atheist survives also, and holds his notions without let or hindrance, and in this case we have the survival of two complete opposites, and this alone is a fatal objection. But the Atheist retorts, " Only give us time, time is all we want." Well, friend, neither time nor any thing eke will ever blot out that God gave impulse, inherent even in primeval mari,;that impulse which has launched our minds on the shores of a myriad worlds, the impulse which gathers knowledge in the clouds, in the sun; and on our sea-shore, that unsatisfied yearn- ing which must have been given us in' the primeval mist, when God breathed into our nostrils the breath of life. .Long ago I recog nised' that emotion must , he satisfied, but it cannot be satisfied by calling it as the Infidel does, "gush, emotional gush." Long ago I recognised the horrible notion, and which I calmly and deliberately say lowers your man hood, " the survival of the fittest the notion which incites the Infidel to convey to his pro geny the brutal characters of the animals below us, which stimulates the brutal propen sities, for it means this, not the survival of the fittest morality, not the survival of the fittest intellectually, but the one with the stronger brutal propensities will survive. When viewed in its proper light, even the Anarohist must condemn it, the Socialist will ory " shame," and the Infidel must bury him self, for civilisation cannot tolerate it. It is clear that yet Christianity is to be burdened with the necessity of constructing an Infi del reformatory, and one could scarcely be surprised to yet find our more advanced in vestigators find it to be due to a disease of the brain. My Freethought friend consider your ways and be wise. Do not imagine that because you learn physiology you possess the power of generating either human giants or monsters. Do not imagine that our planet will be turned into an enormous shed for tbe stall-feeding of human beingd in order to raise gigantic gourmands. Oh, no I nothing of the kind. Happily our affairs are in better hands, and although man's occasional conception ' of God may be " too grossly authromorphic," yet, remember, " to err is human." To the intelligent reader it must he clear that the notions of infidelity are a reversion to ancient heathen modes of worship, viz., Phallic wor ship, or the worship of sex, for this is what it would lead to : and here I would call to your memory the barbaric deeds, or worse, of the French Materialists, who set up an image of worship in the person of a woman of ill- fame. The words of Shakspeare have a peculiar weight here : — " By virtue, as it never will be moved, Though lewdness court it in a shape of Heaven; so lust, though to a radiant angel linked, Will sate itself in a celestial bed, And prey on garbage." This article I find has gone further than I anticipated. There is yet ample room for en- largement, and I hope to still further show that freedom of thought leads to confused complexity of opinion, the conflict of schools, and the entanglement of that most precious gift, the soul. I pray God to give sight to the eyes of the blind. I ask the Infidel to lay down presumption, and come calmly to the study of these great questions, and happily the way of life will be clearer, and then you will recognise God's merciful gift of His Son, Jesus Christ. W. J. McCLOSKIE, 