w - -."'.?.**Ï^'--~ is,- - AS YOU LIKE 122. and b S"' --. Ay marry, now unmuzzle your wisdom." ROSALIND. 'We loyal demonstration of Wednesday night has wm than one aspect It is very gratifying to think ssSt' the country has purged itself of the stain of dis- loyalty and also that on the evening in question there may 'not, it is said, a rotten egg to be purchased in the town.' The difficulty, generally, is quite the other day. And now that it is all over one sip back with no feeling of contentment to the (movement The day after the ball is always a dull one, particularly in the champagne have been bad, the upper good, and the atmosphere as impure as that of the average church. One fools a little vexed, and, perhaps, half ashamed that he had anything to do with w dreary a proceeding, and still more that such a proceeding had become necessary. It is rather a dreary affair this farce of perfunctory exhibition of a loyalty which no sane person ever doubted. It is steer the sadder that there was on aspect of serious is about to, do-or-die kind of air which, in con motion with a few noisy larrikins, seemed to me to look somewhat foolish. And yet it was needful, I suppose, because there had been an initial error; butt hope we shall not have to go through with anything like it soon again. When, too, the meeting rasped its loyal resolutions with something like a cheerful unanimity, there was somewhat of an anti-climax. Those brave youths from the University must have felt that they were not wanted and the Sydney Lancers and the footballers, together with other loyal persons who were prepared to act in any capacity from that special constable downwards, must live, inclined to feel silly. However, no bones but those of pieces of furniture were broken, as for as we of., The defenders of outraged loyalty marched Tery bravely out, and eke marched home again and the best we can do is to forgot the matter and trust that any ming historian who may be among us will do the same, or, at any rate, will not pay YBTJ much attention to it . . . But lest an unprofitable business should pass too easily into oblivion Sir Henry Parkes has done one or two things which, in themselves, are likely to be regarded as somewhat memorable, and which threaten to recall do other which was coincident with them. vVo all but how strongly the association of ideas and the recollection of them are connected. The Colonial Secretary may have been right, or ho he may have been wrong, in shutting up the theatres on Sundays ; but at least the time chosen was somewhat unfortunate. That theatre question will come surging up every now and then for who knows how long, unless indeed the demands of the Secularists should be conceded, and with it will continue to come the memory of the Jubilee disturbance. But, as if to secure that the matter should never be forgotten, we are now committed to a solemn declaration of our loyalty towards the throne and person of the Queen, and of our un- alterable attachment to the laws and institutions of the British Empire. Mr. Copeland rather happily pointed out that we had been engaged for the last 80 years or N in showing our disagreement with the two latter ; bats to the first sentiment, again nobody ever doubted it Mr. Dibbs was, I think, right in most of what he said. On the principle of gui excuse accuse, it will be thought at home that we needed some such formal declaration. And when posterity reads our Parliamentary history of to-day (posterity, by the way, will have little enough to do if it should not be able to find something a good deal more profitable), I am afraid that it will take very much the same view. On the whole, one feels inclined to repeat the old wish that we may be preserved from our friends. If oratory extinct in New South Wales, or are we to suppose that if those gentlemen whose " notes were Kid to the Exhibition Building assembly the other night had been present in the flesh, we should have had rhetorical displays far exceeding the promises which even those " notes" conveyed ? But why should the thing not be carried further ? "We all know how much has been done of late years to enlarge the possible limits of the propagation of sound. Take the phonograph for example, and the megass it mega ?) -phone. Why should not our public orators deliver their thoughts and their very voices to these instruments. Why, again, should not a magic lantern with JOB arrangement of the Pepper's ghost kind present the water to the audience by photographic means ? A turn of the handle of the magic lantern slide, and his hand would shoot out. gracefully from its repose upon his waistcoat A turn of the handle of the voice machine and his accents would thrill the audience (I believe this is the proper expression) to their mat row. Meanwhile the orator himself, though present to the view of his hearers, and speaking in his natural tones, might be sitting gently it home writing fresh " speeches." I commend this idea to ingenious persons. There is a good deal in it A. good deal, did I say ? There is a whole Parliament and we know what; that is was I have ever believed in the truth of a dictum of Lord Chief Justice Shakespeare-" There's beggary in the love that can be reckoned." And if that be true of love, is it not true also of loyalty V It is not, and it ought not to be with us a question of how many thousand people have signed the Declaration of Loyalty ; how many voted it in Parliament or how many attended the meeting at the Exhibition-building on Wednesday night and voted metaphorically for the re- door of the obnoxious resolution aimed by secularists and cascades at our reverence for the Throne ; or, more properly interpreted, at our allegiance to law and order. Thirty-six years ago, one " who utters nothing but" sang " May children of our children say She wrought her people lasting good. Her Court was pure, her life serene, God gave her peace her land reposed A thousand claims to reverence closed In her as Mother, Wife, and Queen. And statesmen at her Council met, Who knew the seasons when to take Occasion by the hand, and make The bounds of Freedom wider yet. ' By shaping some august decree Which kept her throne unshaken still, broad-based upon her people's will, And compass'd by the inviolate sea." That throne-which stands for us all as the accepted symbol of freedom is still " broad based upon her people's will " ; while the attachment of Britons and the offspring of Britons to the' same symbol is not "compassed by the inviolate sea," but has spread to far distant colonies and countries Australia among them. Since this dedication was written the wife has become a widow, and the statesmen, instead of taking occasion by the hand, have anticipated occasion, and done their best to shake the widow's throne ; but the loyalty is still " broad-based upon her people's will," but is no longer " compassed by the inviolate sea." Even the silly and dangerous test of "reckoning" it just applied to us has proved that we are excedingly loyal people, in spite of the folly of our rulers. Already that had been amply manifested when we despatched the Australian Contingent to the Soudan. It needed no numbering of the Tribes. * . . The Church Parade of the Metropolitan military forces to-morrow afternoon, at the Circular Quay, where they will be drawn up in " quarter columns by per- seasons," is sure to be one of those stirring ceremonials of the church militant in which pipe-clay and piety a dispute, in the breasts of well drilled worshippers, the pride of foremost place. The Church of England forces will be stationed on the right, and the other Christian soldiers, Roman Catholics, Presbyterian, and Wesleyan, representing the remaining three denominations, will occupy the left, At the word of command the bands will, I suppose, play " Onward, Christian soldiers," and all four pemiBBions will march Anglicans to the Cathedral of St. Andrew's, Roman Catholics to that of St. Mary, tod Presbyterians and Wesleyans to St. Stephen's. So far so good, but what is to become of the perma sent or volunteer soldier who is the victim of a conscience clause?" He may be a Plymouth Brother, Irvingite, Glassite, Christadelphian, Jew, Unitarian, Agnostic, or it may be a Walkerian Bapularist, or even an Australian " Farnollite." Must Jas march to some cathedral or church where his 'persuasion" is likely to be either openly or covertly accredited, and his " conscience clause " outraged ? is he to be counted up only as one among the sundries the denominational etceteras, who are to be brigaded with the Presbyterians and Wesleyans, and marched off St Stephen's? I don't want to to hypercritical. 91" Z especially when the personage under consideration is no less a power than Sir Henry Parkes. But see what perplexities this that the closure brings our soldiers too. The " sundries " and the " secular " have no congenial place of worship allotted to them, unless perhaps the Domain ¡ and it might not he con- ducive to good discipline if the Nonconformists of our Defence Forces were, by no fault of their own, to be the recipients of Jubilee sermons at the statue or in the Domain, delivered by the Revs. Walker, Jones, and Norton. If the theatres had not been closed, Borne representative (one or more) of these sundry donors nationalists might have prepared appropriate notes of jubilee homilies, and, with better luck than befel the Chief Justice, and Messrs, Dalley and Kelynack, enjoyed the privilege of actually delivering them. As things are now, unless the closure in the matter of Sunday lecturing is taken off, this arrangement of military jubilee worship " in quarter columns by persuasions " may either leave some unnoticed minorities severely in the cold, or operate as a thumb Borow on their consciences, which ought surely to be superior to such things as the Queen's Regulations, the articles of war, or even the order of a major of brigade. . . . . . I have heard some people demurring to the lately published harbour fireworks regulations for Jubilee night, just published by the Marine Board. The general impression is that it was quite unnecessary for the Board to draw an imaginary figure on the harbour, taking in all the navigable space between Shark Island and Fort Macquarie, and by their absolute edict to forbid the traffic of the port from going on over any part of that figure for three or four hours next Tuesday night, under a penalty of £50 and under the same penalty to compel all steamers and other vessels carrying spectators, watermen's boats included, to anchor somewhere within that figure and stop there. All this time the steering and sailing rules of the Marine Board, whatever that may mean, and all orders of the board's officers and of the Water Police, are to be " strictly obeyed." Some of my friends at the " Minerva " declare that they have already been filled up" with these official demonstrations of loyalty. Theirs had never been questioned till now, they say, and they are a little put out by the Orange inspection to which they have been subjected. Now they are to be again persecuted by Officialism on Tuesday night. Some of them vow that they will run away from the thing altogether. Others declare more heroically that they will have a waterman to row them about, in spite of the regulations, and if they are fined for violating them, that they will do what Mr. T. A. Dibbs did the other day appeal, . * . . . But besides the alleged unreasonableness of these fireworks regulations, there was the legality of them 5 and nothing so delights the layman as to have a chance of airing his innate knowledge of law. Dogberry's famous charge to the watch is really no exaggeration. I am a layman myself, and I am constantly hearing the law laid down by men who might have studied law under Dogberry, and equity under Verges. And, may I say it without being libellous, some of these men are not only at large, but are the idols and oracles of club loungers. Said one of them only yesterday to his little senate,-"Those regulations are not worth the paper they are printed on. They abridge the common law right of the Queen's subjects to the use of the Queen's highway. Lom- bard-street to a China orange that they are bad." Being, as I said, a layman, I did not venture to beard this oracle in his den, but I did plead for the regulations that they seemed to be made in the interest of the public safety, and that if they were illegal so much the worse for the law and the better for the public, if only the Dubbo can manage to understand them, and, understanding, obey them. T. J. 