WAFTED UPON THE WIND. A STRANGE CLUE. (Chambers's Journal ) Oswald declares that I saved him. I write the story of the most momentous : episode in his life and mine, in order ! that this generous delusion may once and for all uncorrected, and that others at least-for he is obstinate may understand how slender and fortuitous was my share in that singular dearer ance. It seems to me that my narrative will gain in clearness and coherence if I begin with the day on which I first, made Oswald Wardour's acquaintance. I had arrived at Charing Cross alone and unattended, except by my mail. The friends, with whom I had wintered in Rome had paused at Folkestovvn to recover from the effects of a some what rough Channel passage ; while I had decided to keep to the letter of the promise made in my last homeward despatch from Paris I was suffering in no degr. e from mal de mer, through the immunity is small credit to an admiral's daughter, and I longed to be at rest once more in the quiet haven of the sombre house in Lincoln Square. It, was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find in waiting either my uncle-or Mr Hollinsworth. his chief clerk. Put, 1 was subjected to disappointment. I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and was just con finding to a porter information on the topic of luggage, when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartments nearer to the engine, advanced and lifted his hat. « Miss Craig, I believe?' he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might be, but how he had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair curly hair, and grey blue eyes as frank and genial in their expression as the summer sunshine. I am afraid I mis frigid and haughty in my affirmative, which in turn was' an interrogation. ' I have come, he said in response to the wish of Mr. Geoffrey Craig. Our principal has an engagement in Lombard street at this hour which he is reluctantly compelled to fulfil and Mr. Hollinsworth is, unfortunately invalided. You will permit me to see to your luggage, Miss Crniur He was one of my uncle's staff, then \- a newuomiT. ' Titanic you so mind.; I shall he extremely obliged,' I answered. My uncle's carriage was in readiness upon that point at, least I need have (Mitel turned no doubts. Winn seated within it, I soon learned from my companion that his name was Oswald Wardour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred To habits one artery. There was neither presumption or servility in his plan ii r. He was self-possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk ! It, was hard to believe it. In my not very extended travels, I had met-many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving of the title of gentleman lived in the first hour of round in with my dear uncle and guardian, I somehow found ops ortunity to turn the conversation in the direction of his messenger. He had, done with the slightly elephantine mirth wish I knew to be a sign of his content at my reappearance. ' You are as much a daughter of Eve as when you teas d your father to let you see the clock- work that moved the ship's compass: ! ha, ha It was a favourite judge will Ferdinand, poor fellow '-tire high changed into a sigh. 'And Wardour has bewildered your girlish wits, has he? Well, what the surface shows is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks a gentleman, and he talks like one; and he is one. His family is a branch of Mia Li ie-s'eshire War doors, They have been rich in their day ; but a lawsuit his home on the levels of other disasters, and left Os- wald their last representar i ve-with but a barren patrimony barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few hundred acres of miserable, handcart claimed land some where in the north.' I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred an opening in some profession to the drudgery and humble status of a desk in a ship broker's office, and I made some care- less remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle's countenance. By implication, though quite inadvertently. 1 had reflected upon his own choice of a career. ' Let me tell you, that, in my opinion, Wardour has acted wisely,' he said Mercantile pursuits are as deserving of honour and respect as any others, and they more frequently lead to competence Wardour has gone the right way to work in his effort to conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade."" Here was a supplemental disclojU'T. The young man's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher level. With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candour, on my part, the talk turned into another tunnel. This, as I have hinted, was the commencement of the reproduction of a story old yet ever new. What woman can commit to cold, callous pass on the record of her wooing, or even breathe the cherished s creek, into the ears of her bosom friend? I at least should find the task impossible It is enough to state briefly that during the lengthening days of that blissful court- ships Oswald and L met often, as ii. st c Usually, and thereby design; that feelings of mutual interest deepened into regard and before either of us knew, it had undergone yet another and momentous evolution, and had been no love. The awakening was brought about by circumstances which damages ed to quench in miserable gloom the struggling flame It is necessary to explain something of the architecture and interior arrangements of the quaint, old-fashion- ed building. There is a tradition that our house, at the south corner of Lincoln square, was once the home of one of Elizabeth's most famous courtiers. It is one of the few in the City still possessing a garden a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encircling bricks and mortar. 'Ill-- counting house and business premises occupied an entire and commer display suite of rooms at the west corner of the edifice. They were care fully divided and made distinct from the still' larger section of Raleigh House, which forty years had been my uncle's bachelor residence. There was a room built out from the, main portion of the eastern pile, and us ; connected by a covered passage with ",. j too conservatory, which was devoted to my own use. in it 1 set up in j easel and gave free r in to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Rome had quickened : andra. was the custom for Mr. Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour to leave the counting house from the rear they were invariably last - and sending in their keys by the trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad path. I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the last week of May there was surely Minn der in the air. I was tired of' painting, and I had retreated from the slowly slanting blaze- of sunlight, which had crept half-way up my case, to a shady corner behind the s green that masked the entrance to the conservatory The steps I knew so well soon sound, d on the asphalte path without. The window was open and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fancied the room was vacant, while I smiled in my roguish mischief at his error-a smile that quickly faded. 1 Yes, it is a round two hundred that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, I must have. Can yon accommodate me at a pinch, floíünswortb?' Oswald said. They had halted and in my own despite I was forced to play the eaves- dropper, to hear with singing cheeks, my own names brought into the discussion. ' Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision said the senior clerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me. shiver. ' Do I argue correctly from observations in believing that you are aiming at high game, War dour-"that you proposed to win the hand of Miss" Bertha Craig? ' Plainly, Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation ' You have-divined- very st.rangely ro L'rnt, it, - my secret. I love Bertha. You are the first to hear the confession Tie little guessed that, he had two listeners. it will go no further, I am convinced, from your lips, feel unsworth.- What bearing has this on my request The other gave a dry cough. The fact constitutes a sort of security, don't you see ? ' he said. They had i es timed their progress towards the irate. I was alone with my new- found joy. My heart went out yearningly in a full and free to sponse. Oswald should ask but to have. Yet even at this stage t! em were storm clouds on the horizon. My trade, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of built my dead parents-and a mother could scarcely have been more tenderly father more patient and forbearing - would very probably object, and c >n sidereal himself victimised I 3 v those lies befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though my twentieth birth day had passed and I had a convicts to and that he had gained quite a different plan for my future. Again, there could be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardout's urgent and of so considerable a sum as two hundred pounds. My forebodings with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily were justified by the event,.- ife drew me very quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called the library and so rarely used, 'litare heard a whisper. Bertha, which I hope his no foundation in fact, he said. 'I will keep my counsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Y mr cousin, Kisser Here, is coming to England in the autumn from his firm's branch at Hongkong, He will be made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friends He em presided the word. The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him up the ladder; but you must not tempt, him to presume. You and he had better be practically strange s to one am ther. If there is any danger of a mistake, I will at once find Wadham's place with a substitute ; there are plenty to be had. it. was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted in vain to interrupt-; and when. my uncle had finished i, lie waved me sternly into silence. ' Not now ; some other time, Bertha,' he said, and was gone Perhaps it was well that my indignant self-defence and championship of Oswal 1 were ruthlessly suppressed. I am of an impulsive temperament, as doubtless has already been disclosed and must have pitifully dangered. But my brain was in a whirl and I was embittered against Mr: Hollins worth, who, beyond reasonable question, had made traitorous use of the admission wrung from his Too con- fiding colleague. This disagreeable episode was but the early muttering of the coming tempest. "Two days later, the storm broke in its Any. My uncle has been robbed. A forgery had come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix the guilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Warden. The chain of proof is complete and irrefragable, Ber; ha. I earnestly wish I cou Id" escape the conclusion to which it points, said my uncle, sitting in his smoking chair and watching with a curious, troubled pity my pale and pleads g countenance. You will forgive me that I have still faith in Mr. Wardour's integrity,' I said. Very strange" and far off my words sounded in my own ears. 'Certainly. I wish I c and share it. I knew Warden's matter once; she was a noble woman, and pure as the driven snow. It was for her sake I listened to the young fellow's aj - plication. And the blow will kill her.' Had I been less als used by the one aim which was now badly of me, I should have detected in this outburst the echoes-yet reve.b<T.m:t^ down the y. ass- or an old rates ce. The in tercfetation was to the Large » Then at least you will refrain front in casing the prosecution ?' I said, ' st; press plucking up hope. Alas! for a girl's ignorance! 'It is the bank, not T on whose initiative Wardour will be committed,' ? .. uncle answered, and once the c Age has come under their rogue same, There is no option but to proceed. At lines with. the incriminating circum- stances black as they appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me may be explained, and Wardour may be acquitted; but until then-' I heard no more. They told me afterwards that I had swooned. There were two dreadful appearances in a police court, to which, like an epicure in anguish, I studied all the details in the daily journals. I was not forbidden, for I think my uncle fancied that s only could my Hand The effectually free from the de music of Oswald Wardour's innocence. The case was indeed dark against the Prisoner, and there were moments when confidence reeled, and I feared that I might have to drink my cup of bitterness to the dregs and with my own reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But the memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald's high aspirations and upright character had stood j revealed came back like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me for my doubts. Gathered into narrow space, the testimony on which the charge was based was as follows; Oswald War- dour had admitted to Mr. Hollins- worth that pressing want of precisely the sum obtained as the fruit of the unscrupulous deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount, and ultimately failed. To the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk, I to, could have witnessed, hand the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstances ; luckily, they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn to bearer,' for Mr. Craig's approval and completion, on the previous evening and as contrary to expectation, my uncle had not re appeared in the counting-house after noon, it had been left in a private letter rack until the morning. But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished until a con- fidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardour. The no fraud was at once detected, or The prisoner's defence was declared fit- by the newspapers - to be daring,' 'Sj which was their supheieHin for it is probable and unsatisfactory. With, outoqnivora'ion. Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr. Hollinsworth for a loan of two hundred pounds for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between wet liiiLMiess and unwillingness to grant his position for monetary aid. But what was in a meditated use for the money, he refused to say and the silence was not proved against him. Finally on the very night in question he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had been recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee for in in Cannon street. aMi preting no evil, he went to Tofl'",ni's restaurant, and met, there a middle aged man, with massive features, raven black hair, and a hawk like nose-such was On w ild's description, and it fixed itself is my morn rv - who said that h s w in the jury r partner in Whiteaway and Co., a new firm recently founded in the" same line as the great house of 1 G. Crisp.' He knew and respect of Mr liol unsworth, and on his introduction wool 1 oblige Oswald. It was as'itrpiise- said the accused-to find that the draft terms offered bore Mr. Craig's name ; but a plausible account of a business transaction was carelessly Lives, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him, until his feet were actually caught in the net. This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of which no fragment of' corroboration was forthcoming. Air. Hollinsworth denied every word of it but inculpated himself, and was believed except by one weak girl- I had never liked this man, although at one time or another and in divers ways I had seen much of him, and had been in professed by his great mercantile knowing Ije aihI his impassive demeanour. Still, my uncle had always implicitly trusted him. The case against Oswald as he stood, awaiting the hilt word of so-called li I justice, was currently held to be tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who had played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narrative? given word and Co. know nothing of him met the accused produce him. or put the police upon his track. My uncle was very kind to me in those days. He. could not help seeing that I was suffering, and the cause was not far to seek. But he refrained alike from harassing inquiries and from expostulation. Esq probably re- proached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious ; he had never told me that he loved me, or had asked me to be his wife. ' London is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha,' said my uncle gravely, one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at name of horror and doom the Old "Bailey. Suppose yon run down to the Edgerley' place in Warwick- shire for a week or two; they'll be delighted to make you welcome ' These were the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the suggestion was not broached at haphazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. 'then- ' Well, if you wish it, I think I will go, uncle,' 1 ? and. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. Mrs. Brett, the house keeper at lincoln Square, was a person of forethought and resource, and a few hours sufficed to have my travelling boxes inspected and packed and my uncle saw me into a reserved first-class carriage at Euston. The train by which I travelled was an express, but not one of the imperial kind which' carry Her Majesty's north war land westward bound mails. It j £4 stopped at a 1 the chief junctions from st. Willesden to his goal. It was im- T mediately after passing one of these pp 0] stages that a seemingly trival circum- ' son stance occurred, upon which, with a mental vision less quickened by suffering, I should perhaps have bestowed no'particularattention. Certain fragments of torn paper fluttered in the breeze History open window, and one of them- so ate a hat larger than its companions became fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind cord. It quivered there like an 'ensnared live thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated mv obtain. The clear fine, caligraphy was wonder ously like the writing of my uncle's chief clerk I examined Ike scraps narrowly, and my suspicion was confirmed. The very paper had the water lines of that used in my uncle's office, and was of similar texture. 1 road : e- j . . . done will be con- . . . . 21, Novis Tower street. 1\. fters will be. able to . A whisper-which was the product, doubtless, of my healed imagination, but which sounded as the voice of one even then 'languishing in prison - filled in the missing syllables in the first line, and I repeated mechanically : ' Wardour will be convicted.'-' He shall not !' I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the words this letter ? Could it be the trickster of Torleni's Restaurant The inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was no v my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford, mv glance was received, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture given front Oswald's lips in the columns of the Daily Sun. There were the ponderous features, the coal black hair and scurry heard, the nose in of distinctly Israelitish east. I drew down my veil, and, oblivious of my luggage and its fate, of everything save the imperative necessity of tricking the apparently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pursuit, or I might have betrayed my purpose. My quarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station hill and as he was accompanied by a porter with a big, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side-door of the bar, I had grounds for my hope that a stay was intended. I sought out the Densford post office, and despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful business of the forgery ; or rather I should say criminals, for, as the sequel showed, the guilt was about equally divided. in the afternoon, my uncle arrive 1, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent reply- sent iona, a magisterial warrant was granted; and armed wi Is this, the Densford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollingsworth. Discomfited and demoralised by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the market rate in other words, made a full c confession. It was a dis- closure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust, had been abused. Awaits I will try to condense an intricate murative. James Hollins w Ith, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardour. He feared that in due time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so neatly years he (Hollinsworth) had aimed. Ifoliiusworth had a scape- grace brother called Edgar, long accounted dead, who had reappeared in one of those evil junctures which are the touchstones of men's cha- racters-, he had visited my uncle's clerk in the officers at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had li led to levy blackmail. Then came the temptation, to which his elder and hitherto outwardly virtuous brother had a numbed. Could not Oswald War Four's need of two hundred poor Is be made the basis of a plot to ruin i bin.? James Holds worth told his ally what was required, and purchased it a heavy price his assistance. How the scheme worked has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man's credit, that under pressure of these revelations a. waiter of Torleni's restaurant had his memory quickened and was prepared to testify to the occurrence within his master's precincts of the interview between Edgar Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this water had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hush up the affairs, and sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both brothers. And you have done Miss Cran,',' Oswald said, when for a few precious minutes on the morrow' of his release, we were alone. ' But for you, I might have been in yonder cell yet;' and he shuddered ' Miss Craig-Bertha -is my guess a right one-that you care-that at least you can caress- me, a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life, are yours ? '. Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know exactly in what terms he did reveal the secret that was no secret. ; but, J. stand to what I have writer. At least, I am correct in reporting my answer : ' I can care everything," of minuted. A few months after the one remaining mystery was solved, coal had been discovered on Oswald's ' barren aces' in the north. It was for purposes of experiments, in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of two hundred pounds. But even without the prospect of this wealth, my uncle would now have withdrawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. ' Your love, child, has been tried in adversity : may it be the stronger and more lasting, be said. We are grateful and content. 