©osstp. A By the bye, the Pall Mall Gazette promises us a still greater Divorce Gourt scandal than even the Campbell case, backing up its opinion by an appeal to Zadkiel, who prophesies the occurrence of an unparalleled cause cilehre in May. There are to be no less than fifteen mairied co-respon- dents. The affair will be quite a jubilee cele bration for Mr. Stead. As an instance of the fall in the value of land in England, it is stated that in 1875 the annual income of Gny's Hospital, London was about £42,000, almost entirely derived from land in the counties of Essex and;Kent. In the 10 years since elapsed this revenue has been redu ced to £26,000, and a further reduction is inevit able, for the tenants are requesting continued remissions. A new york paper says : — "A young woman in extraordinary costumes, and an amazing bunch of yellow hair has attracted a good deal of at tention in New York within the past few days Her dresses are extremely English, and her hair which is about eight incheB long, is frizzed until it sticks out all over her head, producing a very peculiar effect. This is heightened by one of those remarkable freaks of head-gear known as a Tam O'Shanter. The possessor of this lively get-up is Miss Eastlake, one of the leading ladies of Wilson Barrett's company." A telegram dated Boston. February 5th, says : — " The express train from Boston for Montreal left tbe rails as it was crossing a bridge over tbe White River, Vermont, about midway between the two cities. The whole train was precipitated on to the ice below. The debris ignited before the passengers could effect their escape, and 40 persons were literally roast ed to death." A later telegram says ; — "The ter rible accident to the express train from Bos ton to Montreal was caused by the bridge over the White River giving way. Sixty of the pas sengers have been killed." A CABLE message published at Melbourne states that the Queen was deeply affected by the death of Lord Iddesleigh, and despatched a telegram to his family expressing her heartfelt sympathy with them in their sodden bereavement. Her Majesty postponed a dinner engagment with Lord Salisbury at Osborne. Mr. Gladstone was entirely prostrated by the intelligence, as Lord Iddesleigh was one of his oldest friends. He wired to the Central News Agency that he was sorely grieved at the death of a statesman so eminent, respected, and beloved. Lord Salisbury was for hours prostrated by the sad occurrence. The main object of the "mashing earl" in visit ing Australia and New Zealand is not, we are told, to ensnare with his manly beauty the young affections of a wealthy squatter's daugh ter, but — mark the magnitude of the enterprise — to go a whaling. Lord Cairns must above all things be unique. To do as other men do is bis abhorrence. He scorns lions, tigers, bison, and such small game. When his lordship hunts it will be the mighty leviathan of all — the whale, Cetaceans are reputed to be, as the song says, "all very fine and large" off the coast of New Guinea, and thither after "doing the colonies" the nobei lord will, it is said, make his way. Truth considers, that the true destiny of the infant son of Prince and Princess Henry of Battenberg is obvious, and suggests that this 'Prince Beatrice junior' should at once beelected to tbe Bulgarian throne. This would suit all parties. The Bulgarians would be able to govern themselves during a long minority, and estab lish their Constitution too firmly to be attacked at the end of it. The salary need only be moder- ate, due ie would oeenougn to remove an cnanceoi England being saddled Iwith another Royal grant or another Royal monopolist officer in the army or navy. And even Russia and Turkey could bardly "object to the throne being filled with a non-resident baby. General Boulanger ( says the World) is be coming so prominent a person in French, if not in European politics that it will interest many people to bear that he is half an Englishman by descent, and also a native of that country. His mother was a Miss Griffiths, and he was born at Brighton, and spent his earliest years there — as he himself says, his first recollections are gf tbe time he played sur la Chain Pier. General Bou langer is in the prime of life, being barely forty- five ; a smart, soldierlike figure, straight aud well set up, with a clever and powerful face, and not a grey hair in his head. His photograph is in everyshop window ; and it is possible that he does not dislike the dissemination of his por trait and personality through France. Whether ambitious designs are rightly or wrongly, attri buted to him, it is certain that he loses no op portunity of ingratiating himself with tbe army. The new Orient liner Ormuz will be the swift est as well as the largest and most luxurious steamer employed on the Australasian mail ser vice. It is calculated the vessel will make the run out within 28 days if she steams up to the form shown on her trial trip, The passenger arrangements are incomparably the most per feet ever seen. One welcome innovation will permit saloon passengers to breakfast, lonch, or dine — either separately or in small parties — at any hour they chose within certain reasonable limits. It will be possible to give little dinner parties on board, and to enjoy many other com forts hitherto impossible at sea. Continuous eating all day long is very unpleasant where there is only one saloon, but the Ormuz has sev eral. There are, in fact, a drawing-room, mus ic-room, ladies' cabin, and smoking-room, just as at a first-class hotel. The engines of the Ormuz are the largest triple expansion yet made, and should enable a consistent speed of 18 knots to be kept up.- THE appearance of the eccentric Marquis of Queensberry (Lady Florence Dixie's brother, by the way) in the Divorce Court will doubtless recall to many the sensational scene at the Globe Theatre on the occasion of the production of Tennyson's " Promise of May." Lord Queens- berry, who is a professed atheist and freethinker, was much scandalised at the Laureate's imputa tion (put into the plav) that freethinkers held lax views about marriage. He got up in tbe stalls, and loudly protested against 6ueh atrocious sentiments as those just uttered by the player being attributed to the " honorable body of free thinkers." Secularists, lie subsequently went on m state, were as pure in heart and life, and as faithful to their wives as the strictest church men. The petition of Sihyl, Marchioness of Queensberry, against John Shaito Douglas, Mar- quis of Queensberry, &c.;, &c;„ for adultery, &c.;, is a lovely commentary on the obove outburst. The veiled hints which have appeared in the Daily News and Vanity Fair re a comingdivorce suit more sensational even than the Campbell affair, bore reference not to the Queusberrv scandal, but (o a quarrel between a highly po pnlar naval hero and M.P. and his good lady The " lady in the case " is another dame of title one, moreover, who before she enriched with her large fortune her present husband twice rejected a royal prince. Dr. L. Engel the well known musical critic has heard the music of Gilbert and Sullivan's new comic opera, and has entrusted his views of it to a friend, who has divulged them, It seems that the predominant color of the music is old English ; for instance, the first opening Chorus of the bridesmaids Is in gavotte time (E flat), and the sailors' song d la Dibdtn. Then come a hornpipe and a madrigal, a sweetly pret ty thing, most tastefully invented, with a chaste and graceful accompaniment. Mr. Grossmith's second song, and the end of the two finales be long to the same description. The score con tains, moreover, a graceful song in waltz time for soprano (Leonora Braham), a dramatic legend for contralto, a most extraordinary and highly amusing patter trio; a very clever double chorus(Sullivan's favorite device of uniting two distinct subjects), a very tender little duet, a real gem, for contralto and baritone, various airs and duets ; altogether no fewer than 24 num bers. One of the principal numbers, is the ghost scene, which is serious and solid, the treatment of the orchestra and chorus producing a most weird and solemn effect. Dr. Engel mentions a song in three verses, orchestrated in three different ways to give emphasis to the words in a most vivid manner. What will " fetch " the public is a duet in the second act between Miss Jessie Bond and Mr Barrington, which must be heard to uu MO UUOUVIUU IUO iuaius ness is not easy. Bnt if there is much serious music, and more counter-point than one would look for in a comic opera, there is much of a rollicking character, apparently written in the exuburance of high spirits. 