ENGLISH NOTES. Mme. Patti is said to have returned to England with another added to her already numerous accomplishments, having learned to play the zither to perfection. Mrs. Henry Sidgwick's article on " Spiri tualism" was announced in May as among the contents of the volume (xxii.) of the " Ency clopaedia Brittanica," to be published in June. Those interested in the above subject may like to know that Mr. J. 8. Little at last advices was writing a book to be entitled, ** Physical Impressions: the Day Ghost." Another work of a like " uncanny" sort is also due about this date—"Spirit Workers in the Home Circle"—which consists of an auto biographical narrative of psychic phenomena in family daily life, extending over a period of twenty years. The author is Mr. Moroll Theobald, F.C.A. Mrs. Caulfeild, a lady whom many of us know as a gifted contributor to the "Girl's Own Paper, has sent us a copy of her " Lives of the Apoßtles," and exprepses her hope that it may find acceptance with Queensland readers. Miss Bishop, head miatre9B of the Oxford High School, has been chosen, from amongst sixty-seven candidates for the office, a* prin cipal of the Women's College established in accordance with the will of the late Professor Holloway. Miss Stewart, an old lady residing at Selkirk, has presented the Duke of Cambridge with the sword said to have been worn by the Duke of Cumberland when in.Sootland (1745). Miss Mathilde Blind gave an eloquent and learned discourse at the Chiswiok Liberal Club, 21st May, on " Shelley: his Poetry and its Relation to Modern Soience." The leoturer strove to show that the poet, of whom she is one of the ablest interpreters, had anticipated most of the recent ideas in soiehoe, art, and politics. At the annual general meeting of the Asso ciation of Irish Schoolmistresses, the vice president, Miss De La Touohe, took the chair, and Miss Martin, head mistress of the High Sohool for Girls, Cork, read a clever paper on "Writing as a Mechanioal Art." The leo turer advocated the adoption of shorthand in place of ordinary script. The Empress Eugenic, who lately spent some months in Naples, has returned to England. Mr. Chatteris has purchased from Mr. Isaacson, M.P., the business carried on by his wife, Mme. Elise, the well-known dressmaker, for £50,000. 