REVENGE. I iiavk served in tho French army (ns surgeon), and sacrcbleii ! 1 never yet suffered mi insult fiom mortal being to pass unavenged. I was in tho Tyiol last your. While wandering through tlint picturesque country, I frequently encountered two ladies— ono elderly, tho other a widow — charming, petite, Hpirituelle- Adriciino ! ' At lust wo found ourselves quurtered at . tho same hotel, and 1 rapidly succumbed to ! t he fair widow's charms — she was so j sympathetic, so vivacious, yet witii all that j savoir fuiro of cxporionco which (in elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. i Her figure — Imw delicious its lines ! What musses of magnificent tresses ! What prefect lows of ivory her eoral- lipp.d smile per mitted us to seo! What healthful bloom the cxcrciso and mountain air hail lent to her cheek! — Yes, 1 would propose that r i cuing. That night I went up lo dress for dinner — nil important husiness'witli me, and ono requiring time. I lind nrranged ill the morning witii tho innitrc il' hotel to change my room for one with a more southerly nspoct j but when I had climbed to the now apartment was located, I found I coulil not recollect tho number. A liltJu reflec tion, however, made me deeido it was No. 18, but, to mnko certain, I listened a moment nt the door — nil was still within — turned tho handle softly, and entered. Nom do Dion ! who was this ? Asleep, on a funiculi, lay the ghost of Adrienuo! Adriciino ? Yes ! but Adi-iouno trans figured. Haggard, nenrly bald, with the checks falling' in on the toothless gums, the outlines of her figure (she hull laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille ! A lay figure waiting to be transformed by her maid into my Ailrienne — waiting to bo mndo into my decoy — but 1 would be revenged ! Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the saloon, where I found most of the gliosis of the hotel wnit- iug for tho dinner gong. I caught aglnnce of astonishment at my own undress uni form, and a thought, struck me— I smiled. the house happened to ho full just then of a vory fashionable company ; t he ladies vied with one another iu the nmgniliconoo of their toilets, and I know there was a cortain countess who was especially Adrianna's rival in this respect. Ah ! I would shamo her before them all ; I would givo lior a lesson under hor rival's eyes she should lenrn not to triflo with honest affection — Mon Dion I yes I I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I set apart, and, turning; my eyes from those present, put nil my will-foreo into action. Cue — two — three — four minutes, and thoro was _ ii footstep outsido tlio door— yes Erocisoly as I hud scon hor a few minutes oforo! Tlio wholo roomful of listloss guosts roso as if simultaneously galvnnisod —tlio ladies shrioked a " a ghost"— but Adricnno advanced quietly toward mo 111 1 hor mngnotio tranco. Under cover of offor- ' in g her a chair, I mndo tlio releasing pnssos with my hand — she awoko— gave one ! glance round at tlio starting company and j tho scornful oyes of her rival, another at j her figure reflected in tho mirror opposito, and, with a wild screnm, sank— a fainting heap— on tho floor ! I was rovonged I I »» That samo night I thought I lionrd somo c 10 moving about my room, and found, tho following morning, my glass oyc, my cork leg. my wig and my now patent spring- fitting sot of tooth had heou stolon from my room. As my vnlot wns in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could mnvo out of bod. Adrionno lind loft tlio liousn tlmt. uight, but not without retaliating—" San Francisco News Lottor." 