Another Fisher's Ghost. The Nepean Times (Penrith) states that on Tues day last Mrs. H. Small, residing at Luddenham, about twelve miles from Penrith, reported to Ser geant Dove that her son, aged 10 years, on returning home at about 12.30 that morning, and while near the Filly Paddock, saw a phosphorescent figure about the size of an elephant but of the shape of a dog. This changed to a fiery circle shortly after- wards, and shortly after that to the figure of a man headless. The young man became so terribly alarmed that he started off towards home at a pace that would surprise even Samuels'. He told his mother what he had seen, nnd on the following morning the two pro ceeded to the spot, where they saw the remains of a fire, and, among the debris, some burnt bones and other things, which caused Mrs Small to give in- formation to the police. On Wednesday, Sergeant Dove, accompanied by Mounted-Constable Belfour, proceeded to Mrs. Small's residence, who at once took them to the spot indicated. After a search, the Sergeant collected certain portions of the burnt debris, including bones, buttons, etc , which he brought into Penrith. The locality is described as in a very out of the way place, near the southern boundary of the homestead run, and near the famous Filly Paddock, and about a mile and a half from the Luddenham Road. Judging by all the surroundings, there is every appearance of a body being burnt, and, what is more suspicions, within a few feet of the fire a hole had been dug about 6 feet long, about 2 feet wide, and about 18 inches deep, dug by some blunt tool. This hole and the remains of the fire appear to be of about two years' standing, and the general impression is that there has been foul play. The police have made every enquiry, but so far without finding out anything that would at all lead to identifi- cation. The bones were on Thursday examined by Dr. Brady and carefully compared, with the result that the doctor at once pronouaced the bones to be those of a human being. The matter was to have been reported to the coroner yesterday, and an in quest will in all probability be held. Tho Duko of Norfolk and tho Bishop of Sal ford, who aro in Rome, havo had several inter views with tho Popo on tho subject of the official rolations botweon tho Holy Soo and England. The fiftieth annivorsary of tho foundation of, th,o University of Athens was colobratod in Aithotis by if, sorios of fostiyities. All tho highor schools and learned ingtjfcuti.bns -?f the Creeks in tho Turkish Kmpiro as w.o}l as in Grooco wore represented by special deputations at the jubiloo. Mr. Isaac Holt, flnx-spinnor, ak Bolton, whilo standing near a griuding-stono nthis works, was cnught. by tho strap and hurled with torrilio spood round tho loathor and crushod in tbo machinory._ , One leg was torn from tho body, Mr. Holt diod hnlf an hour afterwards. Tho body of Miss Mayo, a young lady, was piokod up drownoil noarKingbridgo. A gontlo mojj nainod Aptjohn, who was sta3Ting at her residence, confossed that a lovo attnehmont had sprung up botwogn thorn, and that prior to nor leaving her homo Miss Mnye was prevailed upon jtobronk off tho ongagoinont, 'siud'Vont away weeping. A spociuiou of lively stenographic roportfug' was exhibited at a conspiracy crinl at tho Gqu'rt of Oyor nnd Terminor, m Buffulo, Now York, by tho ilrm of Thornton, Briggs ami Gloso, Whon tho court roconvouod after rocoss, at 2 o'clock, that firm 's stenographer, Mr. OharlosH, Bailoy, furnished tho opposing lawyers with com plete typo-written transcripts of ovory word of proceedings oC the 'morning session. _ Tho largest display of steam and manual en gines rind othor fire extinguishing appliances und Miracle of voluntoor firemen ovor hold in England took placoou May !!(), at Oxford, in tho presenco of 30,000 spootutoi's. Tho ongiuos numboyed about 80 uud tho firomon about I OUO; they came, from a radius of /P. milos. A despatch from Moxieo aunounoos thathoavy shooks of ourthqimko woro folt throughout tho valloy lit about 3 n.m, on May 3J, The oarth i ;roiuor wu.suf a violent kind, and had a lifting I motion lasting llvo soeonds. This wii's fol- 1 lowod by M- lo\y roar, nnd a strong vibration of tbo oarth from oust to west, lusting 30 nuconds. Tho housos rocked, and thpusunds of peoplo left their beds, ' ? ' ? 