THE BUDGET FIGHT. XD6Hn3jQCiQ>ist8»t6ni6ntot Mr. Burns was seized by the Opposition as their great opportunity of attack on the Ministry of Sir Henry Parkes. There was wisdom in this, for in truth while that deficit haunts the country like a ghost, and while further deficits are following it year by year, the financial position must always be the weakness and danger of every administra tion. It must be confessed that Mr. Dibbs charges on the extravagances and miscalculations of the present Govern ment lose much of their noint bv the comparison of his own greater delinquen cies at the treasury, delinquencies whose burden was inherited by the present treasurer, who has to smart for them in addition to his own. The most telling point of censure of Mr. Burns was not so much his deficit for the vear of some £156,000 ; over and above the £2,600,000 deficit with which he began, as the com parison of this with his indiscreet pre- estimate of a surplus of a nearly a million. It is strange how the failure of that prophecy, and the existence of a deficit instead was so generally unknown up to the very night of the financial statement. It was only on the following morning that the colony awoke to find the expected surplus proved to be a myth. Then the Government allowed con siderable scope for animadversion by its treatment of the Civil Servants, in such a way as to suggest to them the idea that unnecessary expenses connected with the Centenary celebration were to be pro vided for, by a cruel tax on the scanty salaries of just the class who are1 least able to pay it, the highest, and those under £200, a year being free'. No one who knows anything of the members of the Service whose salaries are between £200 and £600, does not see that their means are too narrow for what is expected of them, and reflect discredit on a brovernment spending £9,000,000 a year. In some countries official persons are paid a scanty stipend with the expec tation that they will reimburse themselves by small pickings in their offices. Here a man must live or starve on his salary, and to mulct poor fellows with £240 a year and families to educate and feed, of the odd £40 is simply cruel, while large sums are thrown away on State houses and junketings. Whatever is wanted for public rejoicings, and other public pur poses ought to come out of the public purse, not out of that of a class. Of course it is easy to say that the Civil Service is overmanned, and ought to be reduced. Perhaps so. Perhaps one- third of the number now employed might do the work. That may be a reason for diminishing the number; ceasing to fill op vacancies &c.; ; but it can be no reason for cruel squeezing of those who are employed, wboarealreadyunderpaid. Why the application of the £150,000 proposed for the " State House" would nearly ex punge the deficiency on Mr. Burns's budget, and why should it be spent on nothing? The Civil Servants will doubtless be apt to look at the folly by and bye with feelings of no grateful remembrance. It will mean to some of them a son or a daughter in rags, or de prived of their modest hopes of a caress. About some things it would seem states men are mad. If Mr. Gladstone is wild about his senile dream of Home Rule, the Stuart Government here went mad about that Soudan expedition, spending a quarter of a million on it when money was wanted ; and now Sir Henry Parkes who denounced that folly, is bent on flinging £150,000 away in a useless structure at Paddington. Meantime such expenditure as would open up the industry and resources of the country and add to its wealth, is entirely suspended. No loan is to be raised in the London market for public works already sanctioned by- Parliament, and the loanswhich were raised forthose works are used as a temporary means of keeping the deficit out of sight. This kind of thing is supposed in some mysterious way to im prove the credit of the colony in the London market ! We are astonished at Mr. Burns. How can this treatment of the finances increase confidence either in London or here ? He does not, we pre sume, intend to hide the situation from those who lend. The argument hitherto has been that our loans were not really debts, because we were spending them in improving and reproductive works — rail ways chiefly, which must increase our wealth, and so increase the security for the loan. But now the most promising and necessary works must stop, and the money borrowed for them manipulated in current deficiencies, therein perhaps finally to disappear. The Government has been consistent and true to its Free Trade principles, and they showed, the courage of their convic tions by their abolition of the ad valorem duties; while the deficiency on the. year was apparent It was heroic — it was magnificent, but it was not war. It would perhaps have been safer and more pru dent to keep that £400,000 or £500,000 until they had provided a substitute from the property tax, which, if they now lose it may leave them another financial per plexity. The property tax is the fairest of all taxes, hut one which always provokes opposition from most influential people. Those who have, are those who ought to give the lion share ; and there seems no other way of getting at the absentees whose property is protected at the ex pense of the colonists. On the whole, whatever may he said in disparagement of the financial policy of the present Govern ment, any vote which might tend to replace it by such as the Opposition would substitute for it, would be ruinous. Mr. Dibbs bad ample scope for declama tion, and he indulged in it, but the alternative of Mr. Dibbs for Mr. Burns, or Mr. Melville for Sir Henry Parkes 1b scarcely within the lines practical politics. There must be a big leak somewhere in the funds, for some strong Statesman to stop. There is a most ample revenue — far beyond what European States of a million of inhabitants 'have to 'spend; Why should we want £9,000,000, without a standing army or court? We could do it splendidly on £6;000,000, without clipping or meanness, if the thing were properly managed. We cannot get it down just at a bound, but if we had the man, and he bad the support of a majority, the scheme of re-arrangement and re trenchment could be matured, and a beginning made which would make the deficit a mere bagatelle, and give an ample margin for extending and paying for our railways, and these again would increase our wealth, so that the treasury would overflow and taxeB become trifles. 