The Penrith Ghost Story. OUR CORRESPONDENT VISITS THE SCENE. According to premise, on Saturday last, accom- panied by a friend, I started from Penrith to visit the scene of the finding of human remains near Luddenham. We were both well mounted and fully equipped for the day. For the first mile or so along the Great Western-road all went well, but from that out to a distance of about seven miles we travelled over a piece of road which I believe is one of the worst in the colony. How teamsters manage to get along at all is a mystery. On arrival at the Claremont Estate, the property of the family of the late William York, we struck out for the old dairy, a little over a mile distant from the road, and adjoining the bark humpy in which Mrs. Small and her family reside. We did not at first call on Mrs. Small, but proceeded to the scene, which is about a quarter of a mile from the remains of the old dairy, where we found at the foot of a gum-tree the spot where the vision was seen, and where the police had gathered up the pieces of bone. We first examined what was said to have been intended for a grave. This was about 45 feet from the tree, and of the size already stated, although nearly filled up with dead leaves and decomposed vegetable matter. We noticed that the police had dug into this, and on comparing the earth at the bottom, and that thrown upon the edge of the hole, there could be no doubt but that it had been started for a grave. The remains of the fire we next visited, and from a careful observation there can be no doubt but that the fire was made for some special purpose, and was not a bush fire. There appears to have been an area of about 10 feet by 4 feet, and on digging up the earth it was found that the fire had gone in some three or four inches. A number of small pieces of bone are still to be found, and among the debris we found portions of old fencing, corresponding in every particular with the old fencing at the dairy. It certainly appears that a foul deed has been committed there some time, although it is difficult to say how long ago, and that the guilty one had at first intended to bury his victim, but not having proper tools, he tried cremation. We visited Mrs. Small's premises during the day, but did not succeed in gaining any fresh information. She fully confirmed what I have already sent you, and states that her son has become so frightened that he will not go outside, since the vision, after dark. So far no clue can be obtained, although the police have been busy ever since the finding. The Coroner has fixed Friday next for the inquest, so as to give the police time to gather evidence. 