SR THE CHIEF MATE'S TROUBLE. (FROM; ' SKIPPERS AND SHELLBACKS ' A SERIES OF STORIES BY JAMES . RUNCIMAN). In the autumn of 1876 I passed the Board of Trade examination for master after I had stayed ashore four months to attend a nautical school. When I took my ticket home my mother nearly cried, for her heart was full, and she patted me on the back a dozen times over while she was getting tea ; ready. All our people had been sailors ever since the family of Soulsby was blown in the town, and I think the headstones in the churchyard show that there have been five generations of master mariners bearing our name One very green and rotten old stone is in memory of Simeon Soulsby, who was drowned when the sloop Elizabeth and Mary ran ashore south of Pirie's Gap in 1743, and the newest and whitest of the set was put up for my father after he went down with his vessel in the January gale of 1867. It didn't seem natural for any one of us to stop on shore, and so my mother knew as much about seafaring business as her lads did, barring, of course that she couldn't take an observation or pull and haul. We had a griddle cake for tea, and the old lady shouted my jacket in ever so many places as she kept on turning away from the fire to look at me and clap my shoulders. I never saw any- body so muddled and so proud in my life. It would not have done for me to hurry out that afternoon, but I find- geted a bit till tea was over, because I wanted to tell Mary Mather how I had got on. Mary was one of the best-looking girls in the town, and we had walked together from the time when I was an apprentice. It was not usual for people in our position to marry until the man had passed for master ; but old Captain Mather had told me that I should not wait for the girl a month after I had taken command of a ship, and I felt safe and joyful now. My mother at last said, 'Now honey, aw've fashed thee long enough with my last talk. Go away, and get those' made smart-like. Aw's warrant their wants said to see her. Then minded me of thy father that time when he passed, and he came right to me, and amid putten my ribbons on for him to see. Eh, me ! And these things is laid ready, and aw bout thee a bonny new handkerchief.' to put on my new flat cap and pilot suit, and then I went away to Mather's. There is no harm in" saying that when I got to the East Lane, where no one could see me, I ran as hard' as I could for three hundred yards. There was no need to knock. As soon as the gate creaked I heard a shuffle in the up-stairs room, then two or three thumps on the stairs, then Mary stood on the doorstep looking white about the lips. Old Mother declared that she cleared the stairs in two jumps, and I am certain she had not come down carefully. She took me by both arms and pulled me out side. I clean forgot the door, and she said, Oh, you loud lad, they'll see us ; but I cared very little who saw, and I should have kissed her several times more if the skipper hadn't reared " out, ' Ahoy, there, miston ; belay, and' fetch yourself' up here sharp !' Then we went up-stairs arm-in-arm till we got to the parlour door, and I waited till Mary had made her hair straight. Before we knocked, she put her face up to me and said I could just dance, and the old man lifted the 'stick' quickly and caught us. His own cleverness pleased him so that he made the glasses rattle, as he lumbered back to his chair shaking with laughter. . All this time not a word was said about the certificate, but they knew if was all right, and Captain Mather went out like a schoolboy if you can imagine a schoolboy of seventeen stone weight. ' We' had some grog from a squat Dutch bottle, and after the skipper had taken a drink that would have choked anybody else, he said Here, matter ; what are you going to pay the schoolmaster ?' That was one of his jokes. I had been obliged to prepare for exauoin ation about all the lights round the coast, so in the evenings I used to repeat them to Mary and stand her cross-examination She would say, ' Three red flashes at an interval of thirty seconds, followed by while flash', and then I tried to give her the right name of the light. Sometimes I went wrong on purpose, in order that I might go up and look at the book over her shoulder, and this caused many interruptions, because I never sat down without kissing her. But she didn't mind, and it made a lot of fun. The skipper thought he had found out a really first-rate note when he christened his daughter the school- master,' and we laughed harder every time he came out with it. In answer, then, to Mr. Mather's question, I simply said She's a tip top schoolmaster, captain and if you'll let me offer her my own self I'll say it's a good bargain for me.' He looked serious for a moment, but he replied, ' All right, sonny. My words my bond Get away, the two of you, out for a walk,' and the whole business was settled without any more words. I If I were one of the sort to write poetry I should make some up about that evening. The wind was blowing steadily fro in the west, and the sea lay quiet. Now and again there came along breath through the coarse grass where we strolled, and it sounded as if somebody was sighing ; but neither of us sighed very much, except for happiness. The breeze caught at Mary's soft hair and blew it around her face, so that she had to turn and go right in the wind's eye, as I said, every now and then, to shake back the cloud over her broad shoulders. She looked splendid as her bright cheeks shone through the tresses, and I don't think she was very much vexed when she had the chance of tossing her head back and showing mewh.itafine mass of hair she had. She was simple though, but she knew she looked well when her beautiful locks were dis ordered a little. The hours went on i id the ships gradually sank into the shadows. One by one the grey towers she the sa SI force lil so in caLi WJ as m. past relative to his bail now of canvas seemed to fade round the Point, and the girl said Oh, my lad, I'll have to watch you away round there very soon !' The night started out of the sea, and we turned' home, ward just as the lighthouse began to shoot out its straight, red flare. In the morning I began to look for chances at once. I had as good dis. charges as any man need want, and I fancied that I should get a ship directly ; but although the owners were very friendly, they looked rather shy at my smooth face. For a fortnight I lived among vague promises and kindly refusals, and my money dwindled. Night after night I had to meet Mary without any good news, and my face was not cheerful, in spite of my" efforts to look as if I were at ease. When the third week came at. happened to stroll into the Turk's Head Inn, where the sailors used often to meet of a morning, and I saw a tall, well- dressed man talking to one of my friends who commanded a steamer. As I settled down at a table my chum saw me in the looking-glass, and turned sharply round. He said, Here, Jemmy, you know the young 'uns better than we do. Can you pick us a real likely one to go chief mate up the Black Sea ?' , I asked, a What's the ship ?' Barque. Eleven hundred. Here's the boss. Captain Baker, Captain Soulsby. Now you know each other.' Hales was a bronzed fellow, with a fine hard face, and a very clear blue eye. I saw him run race over in a flash, and he smiled nicely when he had taken any measure. 1 deliberated a few seconds, and then said, "I'm your man.' My friend was surprised and asked, * Shan't you hang on a bit longer ? It's a pity to keep your ticket idle.' I told him I would rather let the ticket lie idle than be idle myself; and the upshot was that in ten minutes everything was settled. Baker informed me that an agent had got him a crew, so I needn't trouble myself about seeking for men. He said, We have a rather scratch lot, but we'll put them into shape before we come to Finisterre.' The very mention of the roaring craggs of Finisterre made my heart jump, and I was keen for blue water once more. We chatted on for a little; and I observed that Captain Baker drank fast-took his whiskey as though he were not used to it indeed, his face was too healthy for a drinker, and his hand was steady when he lifted his glass. Just as we turned to go away he said Let's have one more. I'm not right somehow this morning. Here, fill these, and give us decent does this time. My friend looked quietly at the captain, as though he were thinking out a puzzle; then he said in a curious tone, ' I say, young man, you mean business. Do you know that's your seventh this morning ? '. I thought Walker was going to return an angry answer, but he only smiled in a strained sort of way, and said Oh, yes ; I'm in the humour.' Then he drank the fresh glass of spirit raw. I didn't know the meaning of this scene at the time, but I am certain now that the man was screwing himself up, and his excited state prevented the drink from affecting him on the spot. - My mother moaned a good deal about my going away as mate again, but I humoured her, and she soon for- got her trouble and her dignity in the bustle of packing my sea chest. Mary took the thing very well. She laughed to hearten me, and I remember her saying, 'It's only another voyage, and your the same to me if you were to go before the mast again. Don't run off with some of them fine ladies out Russia way, and you'll find me ready by the quay side when you come back, if so be you don't take up your moorings at night-time.' The last night came, the tug was ordered for ten in the morning, and I slipped ashore in my working clothes to have one word before we started. Mary walked half way to the ship with me, carrying a parcel which she would'nt give up till we bade each other good bye. Then she said Now, here's a guernsey I've knitted for you all by myself. It's cold away down there, and I don't like to think of you being cold. You'll find the other things from me in your sea chest, and God bless you, and you be sure, night and morning, I'll say something in my prayers for you. And . now go away or I'll cry. There'll be time enough for crying when you're gone. Our women in the little ports are not very good at grammar, and things of that sort, but they are practical people, and my sweetheart was one of the best of them. She waved her hand as she turned the corner, and I never got the lump out of my throat till I had to swear at some of the hands. It seemed awful to swear with the touch of her lips on me, but duty-is duty.. he barque looked a real dandy as she formed along in the wake of the tug next day, an<l-the_men as the sail makers' lofts and the building yards cheered us when we swept past. There was plenty for me to do without thinking of sentiment; yet, sweating and breathless as I was, I had time to feel sad when the shanty man struck up, 'Away down Rio.' The chorus goes : Then away, love, away, Away down Bro, O fare you well, my pretty young girl, We're bound for the Rio Grande. We were giving her the height of the top-sails, and all the fellows were roaring hard at the shanty, when I saw what I wanted to see My bonny Mary was out on the end of the jetty. She looked like a lovely figurehead, for she was all as still as stone, excepting when the glossy brown hair lifted with the wind. There was good water by the jetty, so I whispered to the pilot, ' Sheep are in a bit at the jetty, Launcelot, if you can manage without shaking the tug.' Lancy glanced forward, then he winked and the barque yawned as far as the hawser would allow, so I saw my sweetheart close, and her face was pale. She tried a smile, but found the dare not part her lips. she tightened them, and stared straight forward without even fluttering a handkerchief. Outskie of the bar the steamer came back on us to take off the pilot and the owner, and the barque drew very slowly ahead under the topsails. The cabin boy came forward to tell me that the owner wished to see me. I took off my cap, and went below. He. Hawbrook, our owner, was sitting beside the captain, He said, 1 Now, Mr. Soulsby, you must drink good luck for us all. I wish you a pleasant voyage and success to your efforts.' He handed me the decanter as though I was wanted to perform some kind of religious ceremony, and I bowed and took a second mate's nip of brandy. Mr. Hambrook was a very respectable man, and whenever he sent a ship to sea on a Sunday morning he went to chapel and asked a blessing on the undertaking-at least, that is what people used to say. Sometimes, when the men had to lie out on a yard while the vessel was smoothing herself in wreaths of white water, the sailors would say, ' Its a pity old Jemmy Hawbro »k ain't here to spend his Sunday is but the folks ashore never sneered in this way, for they had a great belief in Mr. Hambrook, and considered him an institution that the town should be proud of. When the owner got over the side, he and the captain exchanged 1 au ces, and I don't think I ever saw anything that made me wonder so much Some times in a crowd you feel compelled to look in a particular direction, and meet the eye of a distant person who seems to be ready for you. It was a quiet glance of that telegraphic sort which passed between Baker and his employer. While we were picking our way down the east coast we had spells of thick weather, and the captain showed himself as careful a seaman as I ever sailed with. The decanters were put away, and no drink was brought out at any time excepting a bottle of ale on Sunday after dinner ; but the chief had something, on his mind, and, although he attended to his work, he seemed to be always brooding One night a great clumsy screw collier came blundering along through the haze, and we had to burn fires and yet a good deal before we could get the thick witted skipper to give way. Captain Baker showed the right amount of temper as the vessel shaved past us, and when he shouted, "Where are you coming to? Why didn't you bring your grandmother to take care of you ?' and other remarks of a stochastic nature, he proceeded to swear with a strength and finish which I never heard equalled even in the coasting trade. But as soon as his natural instincts, as a sailor, were satisfied, he sighed, and said to him self, ' Lord forgive met for swearing. I wish the beggar had gone through us and ended it, The second mate thought that Baker referred to the compensation which the owners of the collier would have been obliged to pay had any damage been done, but my notion was different There was a kind of despair in the words and in the captain's tone of voice which affected me. After we left the Downs the weather still remained hazy, so that the work all the way down the Channel was harassing in the extreme. One morning at four I relieved the second mate, and the captain went on deck with me. When he had put on his oilskin he shivered and turned to the spirit locker. We can both do a nip,' he said and then he took half a tumbler of raw brand? at one drink. For three more days he drank, off and on, all day, and his caution and skill as a navigator seemed to leave him. We were creeping along one afternoon, and her head lay N.N.W., when suddenly the haze lifted, and we saw a long low point away on the star- board bow. Baker was standing beside me at the moment, and he said sharply, ' Mercy ! we've fetched the start. I replied, s No, sir, I beg pardon, but that's the Bill of Portland. He reddened, and muttered something, and then we put her away on the other tack. This incident rather alarmed me, for I was perfectly well that the skip- per had no idea where we were. in all my experience I never knew such a mistake made by any sailor man, and set it down to the liquor. However, when we made the run for [shanty Haler braced himself up again, and by the time we sighted the queer low rocks he was as active and sensible as ever. We ran a little to east to seek for a wind, and very soon we were bowling nicely along over the Western Ocean. The captain kept himself sober, yet he never looked like a man who was altogether right. Nothing could have been better than the handling of the ship, but his work was done almost mechanically. Only once I saw him fairly out of his depression, and then he showed what a rare fellow he must have been in his best days. It was my watch below, and I was lying on my bunk outside the bed clothes. We were going along with a good breeze a little abaft the beam, and the captain was carrying all she would stand to comfortably. There came a curious sound ; then the vessel seemed to stop dead, and I jumped up at once. Directly I got my head clear of the-companion the wind struck me with a blow like that of a solid body and I saw that we were nearly on our beam ends. A white stream of p r streaky water was pouring along like a cataract, and I am pretty well certain that any crew to starboard of us must have seen our keel. Baker sprang like a cat, and let the square mainsail fly ; there was a darter like musketry, and the sail split ; but the relief did not ease her quite en< ugh The captain rushed all, laid hold of the wheel, and the barque came to an even keel in a very short while There was no time to save our canvas, so something had to go ; we plunged bows under for an instant; then the foresail was let fly, and then, with a tearing strain and a long trip, the main topsail, maintopgallant sail, and fore topsail went, and flew like scraps of paper in the screaming blast.' I had make myself very busy getting in the the mainsail, and I thought some of us would have had our brains ki locked out; but we managed to make all snug without further harm, and when I came aft I found the skipper standing quiet and cool, with his feet hard set and his hand gripped the spokes too that his knuckles were white. He had stepped into the charthouse for a minute, leaving the second mate in charge, and thesqe«tll had swooped on us like a ghost, before the officer had any time to notice any queer appearance to the windward. Halo lost his head for a moment, and when as I as d, as a or her in ad in At a be on at Bn are in ira day his er a rid he be, s, age is to and be a >rt his or 11s in as far as a; lis lis d 3W gb es and we but ed fire on fire as far I he has re m 'g B" rat on old ny as US 1*8 per rk as be in in to a kitA. 1 ill I went up to him he merely said in a low, composed voice, ' I haven't seen one come like that before. Get out the second suit of sails, and we'll - bend them to-morrow.' Next day he did as much of the sail-maker' and riggers', work as any % two of us put together ; then directly the crush of work was over, be re- lapsed into his sombre and melancholy mood, and went about one more like a sleep walker. I often went forward during the dog watches and smoked a pipe with the boatswain, for I hold that, though you must bustle the men around, yet a little familiarity at proper times does no harm. One evening my friend said, in a hesitating way, * The skip- per don't seem very jolly, does he I replied, ' Oh, its his way. We all have our own ways of carrying on, you know.' The boatswain bent forward and, whispered, 'Look here, Mr. Soulsby, I'm going to run some risk. I know what discipline is but I've seen, a thing or two in my day, and I tell you I don't like this. I once sailed' with a captain of the name of Weather burn, who put us as near as he could in a bonny mess. Went off his head, he did, and we had to tie him down in his stateroom. Now, I've heard our captain jawing away to himself, the same as Weatherburn used to do When you're out of the way he sometimes keeps mutter, mutton', and jabber, jabbering enough to play any- body. Last night I crept under the boat to get a look at our green light and when I was standing behind the boat peeping', over, he comes past and he says, says he Oh, that I had wings like love!' and then he says, ' Let this cup pass from me, and that don't seem like the ticket to me. Then another time, we eat I was goin' past the charthouse I sees him kneeling, and he groaned somethin' awful. " It isn't the jumps he's got ; I can tell by his eye when he's had a single ton of grog. It is worse, sir and now you may be filed, but I can't help speaking I think there's some family trouble, Jos. He wasn't square before we sailed, and I'm sometimes half in the mind to steel his razors. But don't you say a word about this again. I can't appear to be in confidence with you ; but if anything particular turns up, stick a dab of white paint on the breast of your guernsey frock, and I'll manage to get a word with you when no one sees us. We were very unlucky with the winds alter our mishap in the squall; and we even missed the northerly breeze that usually helps a vessel down from Finistorre to the Burlings. There was plenty of hard work, and while we were beating with yards buckling like whalebone, and towers of water falling aboard of us forward; I envied the ugly colliers that toiled sullenly on, without needing to care about headwinds and head sea. The captain attended well to his duty, but his spirits sank lower every day, and his way of starting he got] over a fit of brooding was enough to frighten you. ?-..>> I was standing one very dark night just where the wind from the courses of the mainsail roared down upon me, and made my hair wave. The dark ness was full of wild noises and strange dim shapes. The cordage shrieked and crackled, and the timbers moaned with sharp peevish cries, like the voices of people in pain. Our wake boiled away in a white stream- that faded out of view amid the black hurry on [ burly, and we moved on through a strange region which seemed never to have been shone on by sun or stars. I was thinking kindly about my girl when the captain went past, but that, night I thought no more of home, for my superior's face made my heart goes cold. He was twisting his hands and muttering, and in the loud conclusion of the night he groaned with a throttled sound that pierced my ear, through all the wild clamour of winds L. and water. At twelve o'clock I turned in, but my nerves would not let me see' p, and I felt chilly with vague fears, for I had never seen a man go on in that way. The cabin was half lit by the; yellow flame of the lamp, and the shadows swung heavily as the ship gave her long swoops down the hides' of the seas. I closed my eyes and tried to compose myself, but even the squeak and scuffle of the rats (which at ordinary times no one minds) nearly crazed me, and I fairly sweated. The door of my berth was fastened back, so I could easily see when any- one descended the companion. At three o'clock Captain Baker came down. His lips were hard pressed, and his hands were clutched like claws on his breast, as though he were in pain. He glanced quickly through my door, then came in and stood over me for two minutes, while I held my breath and got ready for gr i him. I heard him say, ' He's sure to find out,' and then he went to a tdbJS and bent over a chart. *" At four o'clock I made an excuse to enter the main cabin, and before speaking took one look at the chart which Baker was studying. It Westway minute survey of the Straits of Yeni kale. How he came by it I cannot tell, but he got it from no nautical stationer in England. There are charts enough, but this one seemed to have been drawn for use in the torpedo'' service, so carefully was it done, and so closely were the soundings marked. When I coughed and said I'm going to relieve the second mate, sure Baker looked up, as he always did when his waking dreams broken and his eyes for an instant had a gleam of ' ' fear and horror. He stammered out, ' Ah I'm just! J trying to learn the trap,' and i oiled the chart up. I thought to myself, That's very l funny. He can't take the vessels" through himself. The time. will come on board, and the skipper's responsi- " bility ends right away;' and this'"' reflection occurred to me again and again until the morning broke, and the pretty schooners could be seen careering hither and thither. ' ' 2, In the afternoon Joe and I began to A rip an old old sail to bits, for we wanted canvass to mend the hose. as the other hands were busy forward, si. I had a long quiet chat with my .' friend I told 'me all about the chart, and about the captain's wild manner,' and he said There's s fine game on, I can't smell it out, but I shall, - manage it before we're up to Yenikaeli' ' I inquired, ? Do you fancy there's anything wrong about the cargo ? If there is, it doesn't matter. They can hardly make a total loss of us unless we get stove in, and bad weather comes away from the Azoff.' Joe shook his head. ' There's rum work been goin' on up there for a long time. I shouldn't wonder if old Jemmy Hawbrook had some of his dev l's moves on it and with this suggestive speech our talk closed. From that day until we brought up ff C ertsch bar we spoke no more about our suspicions. The agent came off, and I did not fancy the look of him at all. He was a flashy Greek, with a carrying voice, and an unpleasant tries of stroking one's arm as he spoke. I hate those soft ways, and I could have struck him when he laid his hand delicately on my elbow You won't have to lighten much, captain he said. ' We've got the channel nicely deepened now, and you can tow through easily. I'll stay on board till we're up.' We were waiting for the lighters to come off, and the dusk had fallen. The agent and captain were down below, when I stole quietly aft with bare feet Somehow I knew I should hear something, and sure enough in passing the open skylight I heard Baker say, ' I tell you I sha'n't stay on deck while its done. I'll manage the shore business, and I'll put the report to the Consulate right, but nothing else. It's killing me.' ' Fiddle, captain, fiddle ! You're tender-hearted. Do as you like, how ever. More will do the trick easy enough. Let's go and talk in the charthouse. I'm afraid one of your officers may come in on us and catch one word too much.' I saw it all. The Greek pilot was to put us on the ground, Captain Baker was to make a report, and then a ruffianly set of salvors would claim a tremendous sum to be paid by the in surance clubs. I thought of my people at home. I knew that I couldn't be blamed, yet a faint always clings to any officer who has sailed in a vessel that got ashore, and the luck seems to remain in a queer way. How could I face my girl again it I was mixed up in a bungle P I ran as hard as I could forward, beckoned Joe, and made him spread the boat's lug sail over me as I lay on the roof of the chat though. I hardly got my breath quieted down when the captain and the Leven tine'carne silently forward, and, sitting down in the gloomy little hut, began a low, earnest conversation. Baker's voice said, * And how much does Leonides claim ? ' ' You must pay him £8,000, and the officials will pass your report all right. You draw a bill on London ; the Junk will discount it at about four ; then you pay Leonides, and he and our sweet friend Hawbrook will arrange about dishing the clubs. I pay you £500, and the rest is out of your hands. The fluent interpreter went on with several other particulars, and I saw that the owner, the righteous Haw- brook, was in league with a set of fellows who stole £200,000 worth of British? property in three mouths. Vessels are shoved ashore by the pilots, the captain is beset by a gang of salvors; he is afraid of losing his vessel, and he pays an enormous sum to get her lightened and towed off; then the money is extracted from the insurance societies, and the thieves divide. My saintly owner was in league with the pirates, and his captain, had agreed to put the barque in- to the bands of a sailor, who paid Mr. Hawbrook liberally for giving him a monopoly of plunder. Only the clubs suffered from this at rangement, and the business was so cleverly transacted that Mr. Hawbrook's reputation for extreme piety never suffered. I was stiff and cold when the rascally dialogue ended, but I slipped forward and got into Joe's beith. I told him all about the affair, and we agreed to take the second officer into confidence My own plan was formed, and when I detailed it the good sailor said It's you that's the one to plan things out, Mr. Soulsby ; you're a real waiter.' Well, the pilot came on board, and we moved over the long, desolate stretches of pale-coloured water. Mr. Pilot was unarmed, and I looked him over very carefully to see what the chance would be if it came to rough and tumble work. I had taken my own precautions, and I never went a yard away from the Tel low after the tug had once drawn us ahead. . Suddenly far away on our starboard bow I saw a clump of barges and a second tug. Our captain turned pale and said, I'll take a look below, pilot. I suppose you know your way about?' The worthy Greek grinned. I noticed we were edging to star- board, and I said sharply, . Now, Joe !' The boatswain ran down below. found therapists in his stateroom, locked him in, and mounted guard with a handspike. The second mate cut away the pilot's boat very quietly, and I jumped right at my man, collared him, and put my revolver to his head. Then I said, 'Don't you shove her another yard that way! If she touches I fire, and take my chance. I know what you are up to. The men on the tug waved as we . . went past, for the place of our stranding had been arranged with precision ; but I had my man like a rat in a trap, and I kept him covered till he was pretty well fainting. The men were with us, and Captain Baker was lying, as 'Joe observed, ' groaning' and ram- on his head in the sofa cushions ' 1 never slackened till we were clean through the worst of the channel, and I took no sleep till I had my mind quite easy Luckily there was an English gentleman at Yenikale, who had come out on behalf of the clubs, and I at once \- went to meet him. He said Well, young man, you must leave your vessel here. I'm going to take you overland with me, and I shall have the boatswain and the second mate as Will. They can get the ship home after she has discharged, and you must break your articles. You've made your fortune, I can tell you Now I am going aboard with you. Joe's face was very white when he lent us a hand up the ladder. \- ' He's done the trick,' said the boat . wain. Who?' she WE no Ii It lif car Be 'b ex¡ am So me you now Yo pu it me to set the wh he me was hit gc< jue I Sm sev of New dist reo fee was the the head blow rest the tab deli Hon rein Mr I Bo. con I and Pee I pop Hill scr I F NEST c 1 die the near ear TO! OTJ see me for age IN I car tim are 1 ST SU nie S dir Ste pri wit let Me each The skipper. See here,' and he showed us a scrap of paper, on which was written, ' I kept my honour till now. I was distressed for money, and I agreed to join a rascally conspiracy. I am about to die. So poor Baker had taken his own life. He was a man all over, and I came near regretting' him. a a s t. e - We went home via Odessa and Berlin, and for weeks we were kept ' bottled up at an hotel, and cross examined by solemn com runners. At the finish the chairman said I am desired to present you, Captain Soulsby, with 9500, and I think I may personally say that I shall offer you the command of the first of my own vessels that needs a captain. Your evidence is not sufficient to punish the principal in the field, but it is sufficient to deprive him of his membership. You'll be glad to hear that we have forced Mr. Hawbrook to send a man of our choosing to bring the barque home, and we've got the whole nest of pirates pretty well in hand. That night my mother walked with me to Mather's and when the door was opened the old woman said Eh, funny ! Aw've brout then round thy good man an' his money, and aw'll just kiss thy sunny face and get away. 