Aiding Romish Superstition. From History of Rise and Progress of Rationalism . by W. E. Lecky, M.A., 1884. Consciousness that when we are pursuing a certain course of action, we might if we had chosen, have followed a different one, is a sign of freedom. Romanists never experience such. a feeling because they are not free. Is the Chnrch of Rome always and in all places the same ? Or do the words semper eadem strictly apply to it ? We give onr reasons for answer ing no. Lecky points out that during the dark ages thousands were burnt for witch craft at the instigation and under the jurisdic tion of the " Holy Inquisition," who defined three different degrees of witberaft and the , degrees of torture attached to suclil It . is, a remarkable sign of the times and hopefnl in the year 1887 that the moBt bigotted follower of the Romish Superstition if he be at all educated would ridicule the folly of its clergy during the past ages. Infant Baptism. It was in the paBt, and is still, the .teaching of the Romish Church that the infant who dies without baptism goes to a place of utter darkness called Limbo. No Romanist who khowB the teachings of his church will deny this ! In the beginning of the sixth centnry St; Fnlgentius wrote : " Be , assured and doubt not that not only men who have obtained their use of their reaBon, but, also little children who have began to live in their mother's womb, and have there died ; or who haying been, just bom have passed away from the world without holy baptism administered in the name of the Father, Son and Holy. Ghost, must be punished by , the,, eternal torture of undying fire. For, although they have committed no sin by their own free will, they are nevertheless tinder the condem nation of original sin by their carnal concep tion and nativity." " It innst be remembered " says Lecky, " that these saints while main taining that infants whose existence was bat for a moment, descended into eternal fire on account of an apple that was eaten over 4000 years before they were born, maintained also that the creation and death of those infants, were the direct personal and uncontrolled acts of the Deity." Throughout the middle ages numerous superstitious rites were substi tuted for infant baptism. "Nothing," says Lecky, "can be more deeply pathetic than the record of the many ways by whioh the terror-stricken mothers attempted to evade the awful sentence of their Church. Some times the baptismal water was sprinkled npon the. womb,. sometimes the stillborn child was baptised, in hopes that the Almighty wonld ante-date the ceremony, sometimes the mother" invoked the Holy Spirit to pnrify by bis immediate power the infant that was to he born. Sometimes, sho received the , Host," and obtained absolution, and applied them to the benefit.. of her. child.. . These and many similar practices continued throughout the middle ages in spite of every effort to extir pate them; . And the severest.. measures. wjere. finable to persuade the people that they were entirely ineffectual. For the doctrine of . the phnroh had wrnng.the mother's heart, with an,, agony that was too poignant for even thpt pub- missive age to bear. .Weak and superstitions w,Qmen who never dreamed .of rebelling against the superstitions, teachings of .their olergy, could not acquiesce in the perdition of their offspring. But the vigilance of the Chnrch; was untiring. All the methods by which these nnhappy mothers endeavoured to peranade themselves that .their children .inierht have been saved are preserved in the decrees of the councils that anathematised them." This is the god of the Romamsts f This is the degrading superstition for whioh the State has now., to pay a premium in the shape of free passes ; and this is the enlightened nineteenth century a.d. 1887 1 The.people of New South Wales have themselves to, blame for the encroachments of a blasphemous degrading superstition which baB tortured the minds, roasted the bodies, and degraded the liveB of millions 1 Recommended for the perusal of the Minister for Education. — Contributed. 