SIU ARTHUR SULLIVAN'S NEW OPERA. The London World has divulged a few secrets about tbe new opera for the Savoy : — There is no overture. That the piece is in reality a caricature on tbe old fashioned melodrama, with the virtuous peasant girl, the wicked baronet, &c.;, you may take for granted. I am not allowed to say what the surprise will be ; but I will tell vou that the wicked barouet has to be wicked, iu consequence of a curse which compels him to commit a rriine every day or— to die. Now, GrosBUiith, the mild baronet, refuses the title under such conditions, and hides himself, leaving Harrington to commit the obligatory crimes. He is, however, compelled to take his place ; aud there is a scene between him and the gallery of his ancestors, which is one of the most original effects known on the stage. The predominant color of the music is the old English. For instance, the first opening chorus of tbe bridesmaids in gavotte time (E flat), and the sailor's song a taDibdiu. Then comes a hornpipe aud a madrigal, a sweet pretty thing most tastefully invented, with a chaste and graceful ac companiment. Grossmith's second snug and the end of the two fiwden belong to tbat same description. Tbe score con tains, moreover, a graceful song In waltz time for soprano (Leonora Braiiam), a dramatic legend for contralto, a most extraordinary and highly amusing patter trio, a very clever double chorus, a very tender little duet, a real gem, for con tralto and baritone, various airs and duets, together no fewer tban twenty four numbers. One of the principal numbers — the principal in my humble opinion— is the ghost scene above alluded to, serious, solid, the treatment of tbe orchestra and chorus producing a most weird and solemn eflec-t. If there iB much seriouB music and more counter point tban you would look for in a comic opera, there is much of a rollicking character, apparently written iu the ex uberance of high spirits. The cast will be as follows : — Robin Oakapple, G. Grossmith ; Richard (his foster brother), D. Lely ; Sir Despard, R. Barrington ; Sir Roderlc, R Temple ; Old Adam, R. Lewis ; Rose Maybud, Miss L. Braham ; Mad Margaret, Miss J. Bond ; and Zorab, Miss Findlay. The recently discovered water spring, which was tapped by the Government diamond drill at the 75 mile on tlie road from Bourke to Wanara, has proved to be even more valuable tban the most sanguine bad expected. The Tiffin borer struck tbe stream at a depth from the surface of 942 feet ; and, actiner under instructions, tbe borers are sinking still deeper, in order to increase tbe volume and upward pressure of tbe water. At present, despite the presence of the rods, an average of 4000 gallons of pure, cool, fresh water, which is suitable for stock aud for domestic purposes, is flowing. Mr. 81 ee, the Government Superinten dent of Drills, will leave Sydney shortly in order to further inspect tbe site, and also lo determine upon additional sink ing spots on the arid track westward^ .to- j wards Mount Brown, across the large j slreloh of country which has at length i been proved to be water-producing. — &.U. Herald. ' 