I'HE GL)EN HVOPE. A nIO iNCEO ITHE DEEP. 'I dreamt a dreaLm tht w.s not all a dream.' S E S W. CLAat RuOSeLL [a CITAPrTR XVI.-(CoNTIulc?) o BTTLU PLING TUUOUGII IT. d The skipper ok the htiut,a d after a state Ce at the skylight and then a look at the tel!. )f tale c)mpaos, and uttering a brief marine g. growl at the wpather, he went on deck. 119 Id was puzzled, aid stood a minute in the com F, panion batch, aobbing his nose and peering d at old 8:one, who st.ood, to windward of the tiller, clapping his breapt for warmth. He l had half a mild to talk the. thing over witn ithe rnite, hecaue lhi. cnrio'i'y had beet Sxcited by hearing Mr. Fortdecue himself sa, that his principal object in making the a voyage was to peek some friends il the far. off inlmnd. 'As how,' lie a id to himself, ' couldl he know there was.any of 'em there? For the mere hoping that they were there warn't goilng to make a man spend all two thoutand pourtds and travel twenty thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take care of themselves.' But after contemplatively a equinting awhile at Stone, he reollected that d Mr Fortescue would he annoyed if it came to his ears that the captain of his vessel was talking and arguing abont him; so instead he told the mate to go below and get his dinner; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a )ell to the fellow in the bows to keep his eres skinned, for,.said lie, address. Sag the, seaman who was grasping the tiller rConfound me, Harre, if this here smother isn't lihk a ceuldron, that I once atw bilit' in a theayter when a piece was being pre eentel celled .ticbeth. There was some old women colleced around that job, and among other thingse . reck'leac of their chucking in was a lizard's leag.and a Jew's liver, and the blood of a sow that had ate her d little 'une.' ' VWho was goin' to swaller the liken of such broth as that?' said the helmsmar, whome mahogany face looked almost black in the duaky drizzle, and from. contrast with the reddish bheard that forked straight ont over the collar of his oilskin coat. ' P'rape them old women meant it for eailors.' It as not the broth I'm talking about,' said SWeek, ' it's the hallegory, if son know what that means, I say that this here amrther gs like the smoks from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghosts coming up out of it, as they did in that theayter play, it'll be weasels to run againsti' and then, with a long look round, he felt for a pieao of to'eiaco, and muttered,.' two eyes ain't enough for a sailor. If nautical men' had been taken into con'. sideration when this here airth cane bloom ing uo.into life out of nothen at all, I allow they'd have heern treated as the pe cock is, eyes enough to'sleep with and keep a look out with at the'same time; eyes for the head. and eyes for the starn; eyes like yours anl'd mine for floe weather, and eres like a proaer ship's glasses when it draced un thick.' 'PThat's abutr, it, sir' said the ooer, 'only you'd need to hove eyes fixed where a man could use 'ern woen he was dressed., Si.ht 'ud be of little use, fair or foul, If a "ma had to' lblind It every time he pat on hies clothes ' Weeks had reason to grumb'e, becausae, those days of Channel thickness put a deal of. heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the yet, nor the head wind ; 'it was' having to he up and 'down all the time, seeing that everything was right,' that the look-oat' wa? alive and keen, and so 'orth. lie ltadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to he trusted up to the hilt, hut the man was old, as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watch ins, at all events till the sky shbwed the road clear; not because the spirit in iprflction, wasn't in Stone, but because the flesh that had bieen soaked for years and years ine briny' water might, now that it had been brounht hack to the old element, decline to prove partic larly willing. T'he fruiter was but a little craft-uinety tone ; larger in those days than she would se thought now, but small alt the same; anid offerine a hull which a tall, lumpish East or West Indiaman, ora massive frigate, French or English, or big warehip of any nation, with howi I-ke a cliff, 'hnedering itp Channiel, or stretchinc north or sooth oil a bowline, would run down without feeling more than a ' thud,' jost enough to make the look-nut peer over the rail and wonder whethter it could have been a baulk of timher or a buoy. Now alid againa i lingy sort ot emlld e would show out to It )rt or starblar 1'; and if the schootner woa heading that way the tlotch would rake the sh1ape and subntlhnce of a smack, perhape, or a groanillng old Sandleratrn pink bntid to a FsFrench port, or .', rakish Yankee bIrig ste-ring for Lo,'ion river, driving with a carteey out of the folds of vapour into open space, mire like a itoy than a real vessel, with her cottoni'white canvas, sllsail poles, white nettingl rounird liher short poop,, and the metal under her counter gleamning as though aglart oif sun. shins touched its weteness, whoten after a saucy friekor two she swung into the mist anid fadled ,ut. lart most of the craft the Golden Hope passed in that dreary, drizzling bitterly cold and blowing time were just phantomls, oozitgs of shadows which never took sh ape, yet plentiful enough to make, the daylight-not to speak of the long hours of darkaess-formuidahle; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of a change of weather, Stone's antd \Veek's noses, each with a crystal at the end of it, meat close itn tie light of the,hinnacle, in the delight the men took to note thlat the wind had veere I with a sudden leap to 'he eastward of nouth, nid ith s the Golden. Hope might at last he headed we't by north half nortl, with the strong breeze that had been hpflling her for five daue now abaft the beam. 