The much-talked of Redistribution Bill. is now before the Parliament and the country. Its discussion in the House has been postponed for a fortnight to ,give members an opportunity of ac quiring a thorough knowledge of its principles. The Premier, in big intro ductory speech, insisted strongly on the useful character of the Bill, but was prepared to admit that in some respects it might with advantage be amended. He asked the House, in fact, to Bo to its virtues very kind, Bo to its faults a little blind, and the moderate tone of his speech disarmed many of his opponents. That the measure is, as a whole, both neces sary and expedient, all are prepared to admit: it is only its details and its manner of working which are open to criticism. The main object of the bill, which is to make t.he electoral divisions of the colony, as far as practicable, coin cide with the distribution of the popu lation, so that' tho electors in each polling area may, as nearly as possible, be proportionately represented in Parlia ment, has beon very nearly attained. The new Assembly .will consist of sixty eight members, being nine more than the present number. In the rearrange ment of the divisions, it has not' been ? found always possible to adhere to the population basis of rppresentation. but it is with that end in .view that the Bill has been drawn up. , The Northern Division of the Colony by the provisions of the Bill, gains four members. The Central Division Iose3 one. me jsommern ijivision gains two, and the Southern Pastoral Group one. The Darling Downs Group has eight representatives instead of nine. The electorates - of Dalby, Darling Downs, and Northern Downs are dispensed with, their places being taken by the three new electorates -of Oa,mbooya, Chinchilla, and Cunning ham. Cambooya and Cunningham, with one member each, may be considered as taking the place of the Darling Downs with two ; and Dalby and Northern Downs melt into Chinchilla, thus accounting for the losa of one member. The electorates of Drayton and Toowoomba, Warwick, and Carnarvon have their boundaries widened, so as to bring their population j more into proportion with the average 1'or\1«oeQnf.of.inn mirnn nn/1nH 4-V\\.. A n4- 1....4 the changes are not very extensive. ' ' The West Moreton group will still re turn the same number of [electors, but tho electorate of Stanley, at present returning two members is divided into Laidley and Stanley, with one each. The East Moreton Group has three more members, and the Metropolitan , Group one, Woolloongabba being : created a new electorate. The repre sentation throughout the colony aver ages one member to 4389 persons ; under tho old Act it averages one member to 5059 persons. On the whole the Bill increases the representation of the Northern districts of tho colony, and decreases that of the Sonthern, the number of .adult males in each division being — Northern. 1399, Central 1261, Wide Bay and Burnett 1202, and Southern 1494. Though the Bill is drawn up rather upon the basis of the general population in each dis trict than upon that of the voting, or adult male population only, yet the results given in most instances correspond- with what they would have been had ? the other alternative been adopted. Tho only notable exceptions are the metro politan constituencies, whioh under the new Bill are unequally represented, considering the proportion their popu lation bears to that of the country districts. Taken altogether, however, though many minor points in the Bill are doubtless weal: nnd faulty, its general principles will probably meet with the approval of both the Assembly and the people ,at large, and the results of its operation will be more just and equal than those obtaining under the Act at present inforce. ' Tjie affairs of the Gowrie Divisional Board are again being brought before the public. Now that the new Shire of Drayton has been, fairly started on tho road to death or glory, tho question naturally arises' what is to ho done with the balance of the division. As rates to a large amount are raised in the Gotrrie division, both the adjacent divisions of Rosalie and Jondaryan aro anxious for its lot to he cast in with theirs, Hemmed in on eithor side by larger divisions . Gowrio is in a fair way of becoming the sub ject of as notable n partition as Poland, with Rosalio and Jondaryan . to divide the spoils. 'Come with us, littlo brother,' they ssy, 'and wo will cat your cake. Wa will proteofc you from all harm;, you shall no more bo troubled with indigestion, for our deficits will devour your surplus provisions, and wo will spend your surplus pocket monoy.' Yet, though robbed of Middle Ridge and Drnylon-, Gowrie obstinately declines to be, annexed to its biefgor brethren. At a meeting held on the 3rd September, a resolution was passed to sond a petition to tho Governor in Council stating, in effect, that every tub should stand upon its own bottom ; and that Gowrie, though comparatively but.a small tub, is just as much entitled as tbo Inrgor tubs to rest in this position. The petition has boon ; confided to Mr. H. M. Nelson for presentation, .j and, in tho interests of fair play, it is to be * f- hoped that its demands will be acceded to, | Afteh ranch laborious thought wo havo suc ceeded in crystallising a hazy idea that has boon floating for long ages in our mind, and have como to the conclusion that some- time far hack in reraoto antiquity wo hoard that there was to he a Drayton Railway. After , further co gitation wo remembered innutn I, erablo vows and promises made by the local members for a speedy construction of tho said ! railway, and oven recollected tho dim j suspicions with which wo had heard them. And, lator, we know that a survey had been mads, that plans had .been prepared, that Parliament was in possession of the fullest information on tho subjoct oE tho Drayton Railway, and wo exulted in the thought that, its utility upheld by the trusty ^.'^Groom, and its construction demanded by tho i| faithful Aland, tho Drayton Railway would !: soon be an accomplished fact. Here our : memory failed us. Long ages have rolled by, I days and months and years have bsen swal lowed up in the mists of the past, yet we have heard nothing more about * tho Drayton Railway. Can it be that harsh Economy now holds sway over those keen intellects which were but so lately dominated by tha I bright goddess of Generosily ? Havo all the 'I , promises been f orgotton, all the protestations been unmo.int, all the vows been made only to be broken ? Or will vows and protestations and promises repose in oblivion till the next elec tion, when they will once more be foraged up, their rusty sides be turned- away fioin the light, and their eternal truth be once more tho suhjecfc of long-winded onftions. Surely, these solemn oiths had a being once, or why do thoir I ghosts retnrn to haunt us? Whero is the I Drayton Railway ? Wo hope not to pause | i long for a reply. li; ? — ~ — — ? 