BRIEF MENTION. No lcasthnn ton steamers arrived in tho liny vcHterdav. They weio:— Sydney, 4 : Fiji, 1 ; Newcastle, 2 ; Jlobart, 1 ; aud Woollongung, 1\. They brought uo less tlinn 470 passengers for this colour. "Wanted, a strong respectable girl, ngod about HI, im genera). Wage la Gd per week. Apply at 2 York terrace, Kvcrton. Ltveriwol." Sucli in the announcement iu tho Liverpool Mtrcury. What a contrast to tho state of affairs in Australia ! The arrivals this morning comprised tho Casino, steamer, from Belfast ; Findo, anil Duko of Argyle, steamers, from Newcastle; and tho I'ateciia, steamer, from LauuecHton. Tho Falcon, schooner, from Hnbart, was tele graphed from 1'ort I'liillip Heads early. The German bnrqun. IVlimi from Hamburg, in endeavoring to get up the river yeatorday afternoon, gut aground at tho mouth near Wiiliamstowu. Though thu tug Williams endeavored to get her off at high tide, tho vessel was still thero this morning, and it is lilcoly a quantity of cargo will havo tobctakon out before tho vessel floats. Wo were in error yesterday in stating that Mr Gillott una retained for thu prosecution in tho cuso against thu lauding waiter Smith. It seems Mr Croker was instructed, but was unable to attend, owing to severe illness, lu Air Crokor'a alwenco Arr Bates np- penred for tlio Cnstomu authorities. Air Gil lott had nothing to do with tho matter at any stage. The members of tho Primitive Methodist Church Asatunblv met ngmn in tho Union street 1'rnmtivo Methodist Church, nt Pruna- wick, this morning. A long and tedioim dis cussion, with regard to a lay brother's creden tials, occupied tlm nttcutiou of tho meeting during tho whole of the forenoon. A deputa tion from tho Wraloyan Conference iscxpected to wait upon tho Assembly nt three o'clock this afternoon. Anew Christian Chapel was opened iu Gillie street, Alphington, on Sunday bust. The four meetinga during the day wore excel lently attendeil. On Tuiwdav (thi.s evening) it h intended to celcbrato the opening by a tea and public meeting, when addressee will be doltvcred by a number of thu brethren from the different Churches of Christ. Ons trams willjU'avo Cliftou Hill at 0.30 and 7 ixm., returning nt 10 o'clock. A public nieeting for the advocncy of tho principles of total nbstincnco will be held in thu Temperance llnll, Russell street, to-night, when addresses will be delivered by Messrs. J. Strang, J. 1). Mersoii, and Alex, l'luminor. Thu chair will be occupied by Air E. Stone, aud Alias Laughtop will preside at tho piano. During tho evening songs and recitations will be con tributed by sovural lady and gentlemen uma- term. Thri Grocers of Alellioiirne, ctnployors and cmplovest held their annual pic-nie yesterday nt Qucousuliffe. Thoy had chartered tlio steamer Lousdalo to carry them to this favorite wuterlng-plaee, but the trade gathered iu such number) tlmt she could uob accommodate them all, aud tlio Rorviocs of nnothcr steamer had to bo brought into requisition. Altogether there must havo been fourteen huudrcri persons who took part iu tho pic-nie. The sports mid amusements usual to such occasions were in dtilgcd in and a very cujoyable day was spent. The (Tosnumian) St Joseph's Band havo been well received since their advent here. Lnat night thoy received an enthusiastic en core for their rendition of thu Grand Fantasia "Erin," at tho East McllKiurno Cricket Ground, while the singing by the members of tho baud iu some of tlio parts was a novelty, and warmly applauded. This afternoon tho Kind havo kindly consented to givo a promen ade cnucurt to tho uufortunnto inmates of tlio Kcw Asylum, and in the evening will Iks pre sent by invitation at the Mclbourhu Lioucr- tafel Concert. The children and teachers attending St. Mary'tt school. Willinmstown, were this morn ing taken for a pic-nie to tho Wcrribce, at the invitation of the Rev Father Walsh. They attended at the 6chcol early, and proceeded to Newport, where they were conveyed by Riwmnl rnrrintri'a to tho orrnnmt. Afp Rtnv tlm head teacher, was in charge, and a number of tho children's parents proceeded with them. A most enjoyable day was anticipated, and nil kinds of amusements had been provided for their pleasure. They would return early in the evening. Tho doatii of a little fellow named Edmond G. Studloy, aged five year?, occurred yesterday at tho residcnco of Ids parents in William street, Hawthorn. About eighteen months ago tho tioy accidentally swallowed a two-inch nail, nnd silica that time ho has buoti attended off aud on by Drs Fitzgerald and M 'Mullen, who could not do anything for .hum llo ex pired at 4 o'clock on Alouday morning, and a x>st mortem examination showed that tho cause of death was lucmorrlmgo of tho lungs. The deputy coroner has decided tlmb an inquest is not necessary. An influent ml mooting has- been held nt Climes, at which a strongly worded resolution was carried protesting against the recommend ation ot tho Ballarat Prospecting Board lo re move tho diamond drill whichlias beeu puttimr down bores to test tbo Kingston deep leads continuation. Ac tho meeting, Air Wheeler, ALL. A., said the action of tlio Minister of Mines in not constituting hiutsclf tho fund arbitrator on the Board's recommendations was reprehensible. Iu this statement, the inuiiiuur iui uil-o»iuk iuuuc jw iiiu-mikl-, us uiu Minister of Mines is thu final arbitrator in connection with nil recommendations. A deputation from tho Granbourno Shire Council, introduced by tho Hon L. L. Smith, waited ujion tho Minister of Public Works to day, aud asked for nssiatance in constructing various roads and bridges estimated to coat nearly L1G00. Tho deputation stated that several of their roads nail been destroyed owing to < tho traffic m material for railway construction. Air Nimmo, in reply, stated that he had not yet commenced to frame his esti mates, but he rcroguiicd that tho deputation had made out a good case, and their applica tion, if submitted in writing, would bo care fully considered. Mr Nimmo gavo it ns his opinion that tlio Railway department, being a distinct corporation, and deriving n revenue from its fines, should repair any danmgo caused by tho carting of material for their construction. At tho St. ICilda Pofico Court this morning Mary Avery proceeded against a young man named Joseph Culliford for assault. Air Reynolds appeared for tho plaintiff. Slio stated that on Thursday evening Culliford caught bold of her by the arum and threw her down on the ground iu a mast cowardly man ner. Ho was in tho habit of loitering around Iter house and drinking with her nusbnud. Sho was afraid thut thu defendant would do her more I >odily harm. Culliford stated that Mr A very' evidonco was false, and ho wished to call Mr Avery to contradict it, but as a husKind cannot give evidence against a wifo lie cmitonted himself by denying the state ments mode. Tho Bench iincu defendant one shilling, in defauU uti hour's imprisonment, and also bound him over to keep tho poacu for three months in two sureties of L10 each, As tiiey were not forthcoming Culliford was removed in custody. At the Heidelberg Court yesterday, before Mr Hare. P. M., and a Bench of magistrate, John Corkhill was charged with inciting a prisoner to resist, and with assaulting the police. Constable Calvin gave evidence that on the 5th inst. he heard a disturbance at the Old England Hotel, and on entering found a man named M'Hugh making a great row. He warned McHugh to go home, and on his refusal proceeded to arrest him. M'Hugh re sisted, and while Constable Calvin was struggling with him on tho ground Corkhill brutally kicked him several times. For this tho prisoner was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with hard labor, without the option of a fine. The same prisoner was then charged with having assaulted Constable Norwood, who effected his arrest later in the evening. For this offence he was fined 10s with 30s for damages to uniform, and three guineas costs. Mr Field Barrett prosecuted for the police, and Mr Mills appeared for the prisoner. A movement is being set on foot to estab lish large and commodious baths for Melbourne, in faot, the provisional directors, secretary, etc., are already on tho prospectus. The capital is to be L25,000, in 25.000 shares of LI each, to establish something liko deccnt baths for Melbourne. The object of the company will be to provide a complete system of hot and medicated baths— galvanic, electric, sul phur, vapour, etc. The company has obtained, under special advantages, a valuable block of land, situated at the corner of Latrobe and Exhibition streets. The swimming bath will be considerably larger and more convenient than anything of its kind in Victoria. By a care ful and profesrional calculation, it has been fountd that only L12,500 will be required to purchase the freehold to erect the buildings and place the appliances in position. There will be seven shops fronting Latrobe street, and two fronting Elizabeth street. The land on which the baths and shops will be erected has 132ft to Latrobe street by 80ft to Exhi bition street. It is distinctly understood that there will be no paid up or promoters' shares. The name of tho company will be the City of Melbourne Bath Company, Limited. At the meeting of the Qolmrg Board of Health last! oveuing Dr O. W, Dynng waa ap pointed health ofiiccr for tho Shiro in tho place, of D,r W. 11. Cuttx, rosiguod. A votoof thanka wau accorded to Dr Cults for Ids useful services. » - Tlio annual ordination servico of tho Diblo Christian denomination was hold on Tuesday evening in tlio Goro street church, FiUroy, when, to a largo audiencu of pastor and lay moil, tho Rov S. P. Webber officially nnounoed that the Rov William Clomcnts, FrancoH Mason a"d William Abbntt had sucecsHfully iiassed their final examination, and that they were unanimously accept ed in thu , arms of brothnrhood. The successful candidate who aro fine examples of limply, muscular Christianity thuti related tho varipiiH circumstance thut led thein to tako so im portant a step ns untering the ministry- Tho Rev H. P. Wobbur preHnutod to each a copy of tho Bible ou behall of tho Bible Christian Churchill Victoria, Tho Rov Anioi Ugloiv delivered the charge, taking the text, 11 Cor. 0 3, "That (ho ( ministry ( Ijo not blametl." Thoy were especially cautioned to lieware of indifference, the apostle enjoined tbem to get tho> directing enro nud wisdom and the judicious application of tho Gospel ro that ,ktlu>y might not knowingly am! willingly offend. They wore to seek tho proper nutlet for tho talents God had given them, and with the iKirsessimi of tho Holy Ghost their preach imr would bo with jiower otherwise they ivuuld forfeit that love. The command to go throughout tho world nnd preach the gosiMM was a binding now a when first siMikoii. Thoy wero to feel that they wero not their own, but tho will of God. 