(COMMUNICATED) Archbishop Reynolds at Petersburg. The Archbishop with Father Norton returned to Petersburg on Sunday evening early, and took part in the usual evening devotions at the church of St. Anacletus. The building was crowded to excess to listen to a most instructive and effective sermon given by the Archbishop on the sacrament of confession, and the divine power left to the Catholic Church of forgiving sins. The Archbishop explained that according to the canons of Holy Church he was laid under a most strict obligation to explain as a bishop from time to time the reasons why the Catholic Church and she alone exercises this power of forgiving sins. Christ Himself forgives sins as God and as man, and being the invisible Head of the church forgives sin through His priests on earth. Just as our gracious Sovereign, continued the Archbishop, acts in every part of her realms through her ministers and every act of theirs is accounted as hers whilst they officiate in her name, so the absolu- tion of the priest is given in the name and by the authority of Christ. Christ on earth forgave the triple denial of the apostle St. Peter and the many sins of the penitent Magdalen, the woman taken in adultery, and now in heaven He ex- ercises this divine power through the vis- ible ministry of his priests. No sin can be pardoned without penance and that supernatural disposition which makes the sinner detest his sin and acknowledge them as offensive to God. No sin is or can be blotted out without true sorrow for having offended God, deserved hell, and lost, were it not for God's mercy,the happiness of heaven. Christ knowing the infirmity of our nature left us a remedy for sin committed after baptis- mal innocence was forfeited. This power was bequeathed not to angels but to men, who though thus appointed to such high power should know how to sympathise with infirmity. Further- more he dwelt on the many proofs from Scripture, the written word of God, to show that Christ himself both promised this power to his Apostles and their lawful successors, and actually gave it to them, of retaining and losing, of bind- ing and of remitting sins. Jesus Christ, said the Archbishop; instituted the Sacrament of penance or confession for all who should be so unfortunate as to fall into mortal sin after baptism. Some months before His death on the Cross Christ, speaking to his disciples of the conversion of sinners, expressed him- self in these words "Amen, I say to you whatsoever you shall bind on earth, shall be bound also in heaven; and whatever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed also in heaven." (Matthew, xvi. 19). This promise Christ fulfilled on Easter day when He appeared to the assembled Apostles and preached to them. In the twentieth chapter of St. John's Gospel we have the grand charter of the Catholic Church's missions to forgive sins thro' her bishops and priests. From the nineteeth to the twenty-third verse we glean the following, "Now when it was late that same day, the first of the week, and the doors were shut where the disciples were gathered to- gether for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood in the midst and said, Peace be to you. And when he had said this he showed them his hands and his side. The disciples were glad therefore when they saw the Lord. He said therefore to them again: Peace be to you. As the Father hath sent me I also send you. When he had said this he breathed on them and he said to them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost: Whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins ye shall retain they are retained." Here, continued the Arch- bishop, is the solemn commission given to the apostles and their lawful suc- cessors by Jesus Christ himself. Here is the scriptural proof which must con- found all those who, wishing for an easier sort of Christianity, have done away with confession, and in their blasphemy dared to call it an invention of priests and monks. The Archbishop also referred to the slander too often indulged in and believed, that the priests of the Catholic Church exercise this godlike power for money, and showed how unjust such a calumny was, and that from the supreme Pontiff Leo XIIL to the humblest child of the church, all must bring true sorrow for sin with an entire confession and a firm purpose of amendment, in order to secure the grace and absolution of this holy sacrament. The Archbishop concluded a most powerful and interesting discourse, by exhorting his listeners to avail themselves often of the saving graces of the holy sacrament of penance. After benediction of the most holy j sacrament was concluded, Mr. P. A. Callary, J.P.: advanced to the altar rails and offered the following greeting to the Archbishop on behalf of the con- gregation at Petersburg. MAY IT PLEASE YOUR GRACE, We, your Catholic people at Peters- burg and the surrounding district, beg to approach your Grace with every feeling of respect, reverence and duty to welcome you once more amongst us, rejoicing that we so soon have the enviable opportunity and privilege of personally congratulating you on your elevation to the archiepiscopate of Adelaide. We are fully aware of your great labours and untiring zeal in this vast colony in general, and we especially feel the benefits of your solicitude and apostolic care in this importaut mission of Petersburg, and with the deepest gratitude we humbly acknowledge the same. We regret that circumstances over which we have no control preclude us from giving your Grace that welcome which we deem in our inmost hearts worthy of your exalted position. Never- theless we venture to offer your Grace our sincerest and most dutiful greetings, and trust that we may have many opportunities of welcoming you amongst us, when we hope to be able to testify in a far more practical form the sincerity which rules and guides our hearts on this occasion. The Archbishop replied in most feel- ing terms, expressing his approbation of all that had been done in the entire mission, stating that everything was in a most flourishing condition. He ex- plained that in the new arrangement he would in one sense, he was sorry to say, sever the connection which had been in existence. Dr, O'Reilly, he stated,would soon come to take possession of his new see of Port Augusta, to which Peters- burg and district would in future be- long. However, he hoped to ever keep in mind the many pleasing and edifying incidents which his ministry at Peters- burg as bishop, and now as archbishop, had engendered. He concluded by wishing them every spiritual and tem- poral blessing. The entire congregation knelt whilst the Archbishop imparted the benediction. On Monday His Grace left for Adelaide by the mid-day train. Daring his stay at Petersburg he was the guest of the Rev. Father Norton. 