THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XIV.-(Continuod.) Only one alternative stood between her and utter ruin. There she sat hour afterlhour, hour .fter hour. The fire sank irito a few bright embers, whichcrackleduneasily; and then died into darkness. The lamp began to burn low, and still she sat on, with this awfll aternative standing up beforo her like ,a black and terrible phantom, mocking the last poignant cry of stern conscience, and rising the oorde vividly after every rebuff. It must be so ! This was her final decision after a battle that had lasted steadily six long hours. And, strange to say, no sooner was this decision made, than she ceased to struggle, and felt a kind of cruel calm and expectancy. Sherosefromher chair, and stretched her stiff limbs. She was not cold, and yet she shivered as she lit her candle om the last expiring beams of the lamp, and glanced round the room apprehensively. The whole household had been asleep a long thne ago, and it was as silent as the grave. She crept up the stairs as noise lessly as a ghost, starting at the sound of her dress brushing against the banisters, so weak were her nerves after her fearful vigil. When she got to her own room, she lit all the candles she could find, fast locked the door, and then looked at herself anxiously in the mirror. 'I am glad no one has seen me,' was her instant reflection. 'I am really awful, and my eyes seem specks of flame in my white face. I must really try to sleep, or I shan't be pre sentable to-morrow; and my aged adorer will be sure to wear his spec tacles all day, in order to examine his new prizd.' With a harsh, grating laugh, whose horrible levity would have sickened anyone who happened to be in her confidence, mademoiselle hurried off her things, jumpedbetween the scented sheets, the candles still burning, and so fell asleep. Four dayspassed in a kind of brood ing calm-that dead hush that precedes a storm. . Mademoiselle had not once seen Louis all this while. The Colonel was ill and irritable, and when he was down-stairs he usurped every minute of her time exclusively. When he was in his own room, he kept Louis in constant attendance, so that he could not get away. At odd minutes they might have managed a meeting, perhaps, only that poor Alice, stung out of her soli tcide by the pain of her thoughts, wanderedfromroom to room restlessly, and would not be still. At last, as the days went by, and her position grew more and more perilous, mademoiselle, in desperation, sent for Jane back, to attend upon her young mistress; and the presence of this faithfulereatureseemed to cozhfort Alice, aen&restore; her to her oldhabits. Though she would not confide in Jane it was a solace to see her; and there" was something, besides, very soothing in her affectionate service; and Alice, who was feeling so languid tlihat she could hardly move about, was glad to keep to her own room again, and accept the Willing companionship of her maid. And it was time, for it was the evening of the fifth day. Mademoisello IRita passed Louis in the hall, as she came down to dinner, and whispered, softly, 'I must speak to you. Coine to m.i fi the library at ten.' Louis nodded, with the more shadow of. a smile on his lips, and walked away. She thought the time would never pass. There was the stupid, long dinner, when the Colonel claimed all her attention for his dull platitudes, a.nd she had to smile, and look pleased, and endeavour to eat, when the effort filled her with loathing. But, at last, this part of her penance was over. The Colonel imped into the drawing-room ~fter her; but as he bent- over one 6f the tables, rc'adiing ia new book, she furtively slipped the hands of the lock on a full hour, unperceived. • 1e was wonderfully talkative to night, and full of old reminiscences, and Mademoiselle managed 'tolisten patiently, until the clock struck ten. Then she drew his attention to the fact by saying, ' Dear me ! how very fast'tho time has passed . Who would have thought it was so late ?' 'It struck nine, didn't it ?' 'No; ten.'" ' You must be mistaken, surely !' He glanced at the clock, and seemed surprised to find that she was right. 'Why, Rita, the hours actually fly when one is with you ! ~I suppose I had bettei ho.going, or you will scold mne. By the bye, have you been to Aice's room this evening ?' ' Ii ent before dinner.' ' How is she ?' 'A ittle langunid; but there is not much the matter.' 'I hope nothing will prevent her marriage.' .. 'I wouldhil be modest of me to echo your sentiment,' said Madmoi saelle, with an air of the most charming diffidence imaginable; ' but, of course, one may have one's own thoughts on the subject. The Colonel embraced her cordially, and went away fully persuaded that ho was the luckiest man un'der the sUln. When he was gone, Mademoiselle Rita extinguished the lamp, and went into the library. The fire was smoulderinu; but she qmeikl3 replenished. it, drew. a chair in front, aand sat down. She had waited a full bour before Louis came. in. 8he nmotioned lim toi a sea~t b? her side; but he shook his head mourn fully. 'I must know first,' he said, ' whether I am stuimmoned as an eneomy or a frieind - ' A friend.' 'To what ani I in~dabtad for; this change ?' ' Or rather say candour?.' ': "Ishould 'have :imaglngild that you had ehhaustcd all yotii" caiidoiiic at our ,last interview.' . ' How could I have exhausted what I never once used ?' ... Ile looked aither keenly,; l'it she met .hi~hlance fll3y without .flinch. ing. 'Youwould have me believe that you did not.speak the truth, then?' ' L would.' R' ita,,I dare not believe you.' ' You -must do as ,ou like, 6f course; but I can easily provei jo' ou .that I am,.your friend' ' How ?', ' By my actions.' ' Pray begin, then.' ' This is not'the time to act; but I will tell you what I hiive fixed upon as the best course to pursue.'. ' Speak !' he urged, eagerly. ' You leave here the da.y hftorto morrow ?' ' Well,?' ' And I shall follow, you the very next day,'. ... ' Why not the same evening ?' ' Because that would be impossible. It is better nothing should be-known here until we are really married. The Colonel suspected our attachment at one time, and I have been obliged to encourage his attentions in order to disabuse his mind of the idea. He gave you warning simply because he said you were always staring at me, and there is no telling what he might do in his rage, if he knew of our flight.' ' I don't see how he could annoy us then.' . 'He would send messengers in all directions searching for us, and not only retard our movements; but make .us ridiculous-besides. And then, too, y'ou must remember that the poor old man really loves me, and therefore we ought to consider his fellings a little.' ' The truth is, PRita, you have de ceived me so cruelly, that I don'tknow how to believe you. Less than a week ago you loaded me with insult on account of my pretensions, and now would have me think that you had recognised me all along. Which am I to trust, the Rita of yesterday, or the Pita of to-day ? ' The Pita of to-day ?' 'I wish I dared.' ' u'urely you may be satisfied with the proof of my affection I have offered to give you. What more could I do for any man than relinquish wealth and position for his sake ?' 'When you have really done so!I *shall be convinced.' ' Unbeliever !' ' Alas! yes, I am an unbeliever; but it is you who have made me one !' ' It is not fair to lay all your sins at my door, Louis. I am willing to hb responsible for some; but I have quite enough to answer for, without taking the credit of those that do not' really belong to me.' ' I would not beunjust, Rita. But I will make all amends in the future, and' you shall be thefirst to acknow ledge that I have atoned amply for a brief error.' 'Then I will forgive you, Louis; but beware how you doubt me again.' 'I never knew how, until'y'ou taught me. 'Reiproaches agin!' ' Iseem so apt to err, that thdewhole time will be paassed in apologies, if I don't take care. ' .You must lecture y0ourself ihto a propeirframe of miiud before6Tixinda-. ' And nosy toll m?" .?hat 3ou have planned Pita.' " " ' I haven't quite settled in my mind how it isto be all managed yet; butl thought: you wouild not .leave till the evening of Wednesday, and you cobuld come to me beforte ou go. 'Whei ?' ' You knxow the little. room at the end of the' pnidsage ?' 'Yes.'; ' 'It has been unused for a longtime; but I spoke to the Colonel yesterday,1 and it is to. be put.in otrder at once, and'se~t aside for my exclutsive oeccipa tion. You may be sure what my motive was in asking this favour. •The window opens upon the lawn, and is so low besides, that anyjohe dotild get out and in easily. " And, then, 'bo,'it is in a quiet p'art of the house, ivher~o any thing that might go 'on would be safe from detection. "Osi Wednesday night, therefore, yo0t will wait "about the garden until you see the lamp extin guished in the drawing-room, and then you will come to me immediately, and we will arrange everything for 'our flight on the morrow.' ' And about the Colonel, as you say he ought to be' considered ?' ' I shall leave a letter for him, toll ing him that I found'on refleetion that I did not love him sfifflciently to make him happy, and, therefore, . thought it best to leave the house without harrowing his folings by a verbal explanation.' 'I think that will'lo veiy well.' 'Rave you no botter thanksfor me, Louis ?' she asked,.by his frightened coldness. ' The night I find you outside this house, loaning on my arm, you shell have no reason to complain of my in gratitude.' 'But I want a kind word from you to sustain me in my sacrifice.' 'No,' he said, resolutely: 'If I' allowed myself to say anything,: I mnght say too much; for it is difnicult to check a passion like mine when it is once indulged; and as I might.have to retract, it is.. as well to refrain altogether.' ' As, you like; but some of those days,.when you complain of niy cold ness, I shall eiemind. yout that I onico asked a caress, ,ud was denied. ' ' You did not ask for acaress, Eita,' he answered softening visibly, and lookiug at her skaunce,. yearningly . '.Not in bliut terms, ierhaps, ~but deliocately,,thinking that yoi had wit enough to understand a hint.' , . 10e cainght her to hini with a pas sionate gripo--kissed. her ey6s,l0bps, and hair, almost fiercely-and then let her drop back in her chaii, and strode out. ' I don't see what's the use of ruin ing my complexion, whatevor happens,' said Mademoiselle Rita. ' A good deal may depend upon my looks!' So saying, she got up and went to bed. (To be Contiined.) 