Chapter V. And so Robert Brown believed himself, and was believed by others, to bo a widower — which was a result. of :. hor machinations that Lexio certainly had never bargained for-; aud a very disconsolato widower ho was. Even her obdurate heart would have melted at the spec taclo of his grief. In spito of their quarrels — in spito of his conviction, which equalled hers, that they wero not suited to each other — ho had always admired anil been proud of her ; and, mixed with his man's lovo of domestic domi nation, he .had the tru9 man's tenderness for tho thing! that he protected, aud that seemed to depend upon his strength and benevolence. Then,' when people are dead their faults are forgotten, 'whilo thoir virtues are remembered and made tho most of.' Ho thought and spoke of Lexie now as if there never had been such a woman in the world beforo Her personal dis tinction and refinement, hor intellectual superiority, her flno tasto, hor artistic culture — these topics becamo quite wearisome to Aunt Stophcn and Mrs. Ponsonby, who were con scious of appearing but ordinary creatures by comparison ; and not a word did thoy hear of lior selfishness, hor waywardness, hor ingrati kudo, her general unwifelinoss, though as to Jieso shortcomings it is not to bo supposed /hat thoy had not opinions of thoir own. Had she been tho best of wives, and had she really lied and beon buried in tho orthodox way, ho sould not have mourned Jor her in a inoro ixomplary manner, . .' . IN \LL HEH TROUBLE AND PKE-OCCUPATIOS SIUl COULD KOT HELP SEEING HOW FAIB A SCENE IT WAS IN \LL HEH TROUBLE AND PKE-OCCUPATIOS SIUl COULD KOT HELP SEEING HOW FAIB A SCENE IT WAS By and bye, however, he began to adapt himsoif to circumstances, as was to be expected. He could not bear, he said, the loneliness of his house, haunted as it was by the ghost of its. departed mistress. Every time, that ho went . into if its pretty things rominded him of her in a thousand ways. When he sat down to his solitary dinner the thought of the graceful figure, in its picturesque testhetic garments, that used to face him at the pppositb end of the table, robbed him of his appetite ; and -when ho went to bed he was so surrounded by associa tions of her former presence that ho could not sleep. Ellen got married, and Sophia would not stay with the new housemaid j servants camo and went, and robbed him and bothered him, and the beautiful order of the establish ment became a think of the past. So ho deter mined to cease from 'single-handed housekeep ing and to return to bachelor life and lodgings ; and he carried out his intention in an nctivo spirit that testified to a reviving interest in himself and in tilings in general. The.St. Kilda property was his own, and he would not soil it ; . nor would he part with Loxie's curtains and carpots and Morris chintzed chairs and sofas, which sho had made him buy in London and on which sho had set such store ; so, having packed herwardrobe uud special treasures in boxes, and stuffed his newly acquired rooms with all the pictures and brica brac that they would hold, he advertised The Nest to be let furnished, and looked out for suitable tenants who should have no boys in family. The most suitable ot all possible tenants turned up in the person of a well to do widow whe had. not even one small child — a. Mrs. Penroso, well ? known in Melbourne society. She called one morning at the office, and askod to see him, and for permission toW seo the house; and he made an appointment:-; to meet her at The Nest on the afternoon of the same day. Escorting her out into the street again, he found a neat-pony phaotbn^- standing by the pavemont, and -in it a handsome young lady, holding the reins. .?-?:*'?? ' My daughter, Mr. Brown,' said Mrs. Ponroso graciously ; and the girl bowed to him with a charming smile. She had' fair skin and golden hair and a rather full and remarkably 'fine' figure well set off by a smart tailor made gown, fitting like a glove, and her faco was animated and her whole air expressive of style and fashion. She was as unlike Lexie as one young woman could be unlike another, but ltbbert admired her excessively. I think I have already mentioned that he, too, was a vory personable fellow. There was a great deal of him, and bigness in his sex is always the chief element of beauty, and . he had a pleasant open countenance, fresh aud ruddy and hand soraely bearded, and an assured' manner, as of a man accustomed to success and a good place generally. So Miss Penrose approved of him almost as much as he did of her. They met at The Nest in the afternoon. Robert went down early, with a bag of cakes in his pocket, and instructed the caretaker in charge of the house to light. a fire in tho drawingroom, and to bring tea there when the ladies arrived. This was an attention ho had not previously shawn to any potential tenant. Ho made a careful inspection of the rooms, putting little things in order with his own hands'; and, being -n JJoxio's oedroom, sur veyed himself at full -. length in her cheyal glass, and hoped rather anxiously that he was not going to grow stout. Did he think of Loxie then, . standing amongst nil , the sweetest and saddest memories of their intimate life together? I sm very much afraid ho didu't. She. had .been some months away from him now, and ho was a man like other men, and not like .the transcendental heroes of romance, who, . of course, care only for one woman aud remain faithful to her for over, alivo or dead. Miss Penrose appearod with her mother at four o'clock, looking more, handsome than before in another and richer dress, and ho certainly gave her his entire attention after that, though he did not forget the outward observance due from . him to the elder lady. The fire was bright, the tea was good, his guests were charmod with, everything — not least with him. Between themselves they thought the colors of tho Liberty stuffs rather dingy, and the patterns of tho Morris chintzes (yo gods !) old fashioned ; but they did not breathe a word of this to Robort, and it was the only fault they had to find. . The widow was a woman of business, and before discussing terms made a thorough ex amination of the entiro premises, missing no hole or corner anywhere. In this proceeding sho associated herself with tho old caretaker, and the young people, restrained by a proper modesty from sharing in her investigations, remained in the drawingroom and entertained each other. Miss Penrosu sauntered round tho pretty apartment, and praised everything in it indiscriminately. 'What a lovely picture!' sho exclaimed, stopping in front of a painting that represented ' . . Vi I reach of the Thames, and that hung over the piano. 'Well now, Miss Penrose, 'replied Kobert, authoritatively, 'I am sorry to contradict you, but that really is not a good picture. It's about the only poor ono that I have in my whole col lection. I flatter myself that I am a pretty good judge, andl shouldn't like anyone to run away with tho idea that I don't know good work from bad becauso I tolerate a thing like that.' ' I did not say it was good work,' rejoined Miss Ponrose, coloring slightly. ' It was tho subject I admired.' 'Of conrse, of course. It was for tho sake of that it was hung up here. It always was an eyesore to mo, but my poor wife liked it he cause it was a landscape sho knew — she was English, you know, and had a passion for everything English — and she wouldn't give it up. She bought it herself before wo were married, and she didn't know much about pictures, though sho was so clever in every thing else. Of course you seo what meretri cious work it is ' (he pointed out several technical defects), ' and if you like I will have it taken down and put away and hang a good one in its place.' ' O no, no !' said tho young lady earnestly, . making a protesting gesture with, her white hand. !' If poor Mrs. Brown liked to have it there, there it shall stay. Ah I' she added softly, after a sympathetic pause, ' what a torriblo trial that must havo been I I can't tell you how my heart bled for you when I heard of it, though I did not know you. I could not got it out of my head.' 'Yon are awfully good,' said Kobert eratefullv. 'Yes, it was a dreadful thing. Never to' have found her, you know— and such a death 1 We feel sure she must have gone out of her mind suddenly. She was so deli cately organised, so peculiarly se nsit ***-*-* like ordinary people ; and Iain afraid I left her too much alone.' «;Ob I am sure you can have nothing to reproach yourself with,' Miss Penrose quite fiercely affirmed. » One has only to look round at the homo you provided for her — suiting the action to the word-' to see how you considered her everywish and 1 w* ? Tbis was very soothing to Bobert s feel in^, and inclined him stiUmoro to his com patAou. ' ? I suppose you never happened to see my poor wife?' lie murmured,; as they came back to therfireside. ? ? ?/: ? ?Never,' she answered in the same low tone. 'Never that I know of.~,Itshoi-ld like-but no, lWtnsk-ifc would be too painful— never mind !' ' ; \ . But already Bobert was rummaging m ..on inner pocket for the : little. leather case that he now always carried ^re.: ^.Drawing it forth, he opened it andlhandedat to.' Miss Penrose, who took itwith'silent reverence and gazed at it as if she could^neverMeaye off gazing. There was Lexie, slim^and fragile, with her starry eyes and: her pale, pa^.etic face robed in her favorite chiton, with gold fillets in her hair ; a beautiful London photograph, aud an excellent likeness in. the opinion of those who knew the originab.-U'^ very hv, ing image of her' ^poor ; girl.^said Bobert taking out his handkercliief;and;blowiug.his noso elaborntely. V ; -?'?/;?,; .'*?',.? j 'What a sweet,, 'sweet^face I'^whispered Miss Penrose, 'WhatMovely, eyes I . Oh I cannot have seeu her ;,if,I-had;I should never have forgotten her. - ''After a long pause she added, necessarily, 1'Andvwliata'charming fancy dress ! What was the. character ? ? . ? ?? -? It is not a fancy dress/' said i Bobert, a little hurt by the mistake. -;'*tto Greek. , She. used to wear it of an eveuing quite commonly ; and it suited her' too, though any .other woman. ' would have looked? ridiculous itt; it. She was so— so different from ordinary people.' v -:; Mi«s Penrose shut up the case at last- ana gave it back to him.' o. Thank you. «o-.?much. for letting mo see it,' she said;- earnestly, .'1 shall never forget that face. *:;eNeverthe ess* when she met the original, notvso-.very-;long afterwards, no resemblance to, the photograph was suggested to her mind.) Then. Bobert pocketed his treasure, and theysat by the fire La -Mn-\ of Lexio as if they had known each it'ier for years. , \- By-nnd-bye Mrs. Penrose returned in _a hurry lest she and her daughter should be home late for dinner. She had satisfied her self that house and grounds were in perfect repair, aud was ready to come to terms forthwith; and, as Robert was very easy to .. deal with (not as a rule, but in this particu lar instance), a bargain was soon concluded. 'And when we are settled,' said the widow, giving him her hand at the gate, ' I hope you will sometimes drop in and see us, Mt Brown. _as a friend, you know, not as a landlord. She was very gracious and' confiding, consider ing she had never' spoken to him until to-day ; but then everybody knew Brown, Brown . nd Ponsoiiby— there 'was no sounder business house in Melbourne. 1 And everybody knew, also that eligible young men- were not so plentiim ns chnrming girls, and, when found,' were' to be made much of. ' ' ' ' ' , ? . ?? Of course ho brnced himself to bear the patn fulness bf (he sight qf'Lexie's homo in j the occupation of strangers; and went' to call on Mrs. and Miss Penrose when they wero' settled. Of course he went agnin'and; nga'n5 oftoncr ami oftener—until scnrcelya day passed that he did not present himself. ' ' And of course he tell in love with the charming young lady: of thp golden' hair *nd the magnificent, figure, who made so much more of him' than Lexio had ever done and, not knowing of »ny just cause or impediment to prevent him; proposed: to her. What else was tb'bo expected?; -?' : 