TALK 0' THE TOWN. Kneli Sly SlAtiirr.uln. with U pnis'iiious I'll!, Files to the Printer's Devil.— Ituiucc Nxtrn. TflP.itE was ft gathering of tho clans at Warren Show. From nil points of the compass what the late Lord UiMCousiield called " the ileucers of sheep " and the breeders of cattle came, ami in their trail) followed thnt army of "stock, station, and general cmmnissiim agents," who aro over to be found whuru squatters abound. Men for two days talked sheep and cattle, woo and beef, rents and land hoards, as if life were not worth living for anything else, and each night ah the water grew hotter, tho whiskey stronger, and the lonums more full flavoured, thu rcaeutiucut ngninst thu Lands M'tiDicr culminated, if there ho any truth in tho old idea that tho ears tingle when you are talked about, then Mr. Garrett on Wednesday and Thnrsday night could have enjoyed little sleep. Ho must have had snub a sensation about his cars as could only hu created by lotting oil" a packet of crackers nnd applying a properly hunted il it-iron. For every extra penny per acre he placed on n pastoral holding or a condi tional loaso, ho got an extra analliemu, until one superlatively indignant Scotchman, parodying an old Highland ballad, which deals witii a rather unenviable individual, called the Huron uf Rulruevto, exclaimed— " Oh, bleckoring Tommy Garrett, May tlio foul fiend drive you Anu all to pieces rive yon For clapping on sic rents." Ancl it must hu said that thu unjust inter ference with tho Land Boards' appraisals was the ghost at the Wurrtm banquet, as it is at any guiiiunug Tviieru inuau nuu nvu tm iuu num must do congregate. This is not to ho wondered at. If thu horse-leech is continually sucking your blood, and you are so circti instanced that yoti can't get rid of that lively companion, you can't well help thinking uf the " cuss." The Show was a success. The nights— up to a curtain houi — were must pleasant. Tn such of us as rciuoinburud thu unrUi-wcst in tin sixties, the gatherings of "old hands" were most enjoyable. It was worth going all the way to listen to grey bearded mini — all staid law respecting Justices of thu Peace— yarning over tho doings of quarter century ngn. Hero is one, who now looks us if hu could not toll a branding iron from a poker and us if " straight ahead1 was as Greek to him — why lie was boldly accused of being in his day tho c1ev»rcHt man in camp or yard iu the district. .Another is chaffed ubuut that "big haul of calves" hu made ou some special occasion, and a third is laughingly rallied about that "hit of calves ho collared ut thu Big Plain mid lost thu same night out of thu Sink-or-swim yard." Indued, for tho matter of thai, not a man amongst them could throw a ntono at tlio other. Thu all " mothered them" five and twenty golden years ago, as a matter of protection. " If wo didn't look out for our selves tlion," why said I finishing up tho sentence, "somebody else would be about," And that, iu tho days when wire fences were not, and a whole country siue made merry at a muster, was tho recognised, if not the writton, taw, The Wnrron folks support thoir Association well. Thoy offer au example to tho Dubbo men which it is to be hoped will be emulated. Nearly £150 for special prizes was promised wheu tho champagne cup flowed on Thursday night. Hud- don Rig led off with £20, and tho King of Warren, Mr. Adolf Alexander, followed with £lo. Others gave tens tutd lives till tho total 1 have mentioned was rcachod. A stock- uwnor is offered some inducement to go to tho Warrnn Show. He may not find hia bed the aoftost, nor tlio usquebaugh tho wenkost iu the world, but tho prizes nro somo satisfaction to win. Wo can find the whiskey and probably the beds nt Dubbo, but not tho prizes. Iiow long is this to last i Will no local squnttor tnko Mr. Rich mond as his model ; uo local storekoopor show ho is possessed of as much public spirit as Mr. Alexander / At tho last election, wo hoard on tho hustings, und read in many of tho papers, tint thu Jen nings Government was emulating tiio unthrift uf tho Squire of Castle .Sjuandur, mid spending tho Colony's money with a reckless extravagance almost criminal. Tho present Government was to inaugurate a roign of suvero economy, How docs tho record of tho two Governmonts con trast f Tim disbursements for tho quarters ond- ing 30th June, 1880-7 will give some idea. Jonniugs. Parkcs. £ £ Schedules A, B, aud C 19,272 1 0.3GI Executive and L-gislativo ... 5,229 6,911 C donial Secretary 236,5(15 247434 Colonial Treasurer 121719 121,745 Public Instruction 176,110 178,523 Administration of Justice ... 63.S30 61, 161 Attorney General 11.607 0,693 Secretary for Lmds 152 300 110 855 Socretny fur Works ... 687.378 700,717 I'ostmaster-Guuoral ... ... 174 215 130.317 Secretary for Mines 31.291 07,411 Spi-cial Appropnotiur.H 647,474 73lA)4t Totals £2.297,190 2,406,829 Although tho Government has had tho bonefit of thu lauds and works and othor retrenchment 9 schemes inaugurated hy Messrs. Copulaud, Lytic, and Co., thoir expenditure for thu Juno quarter is £109,630 more than that was that of their procedessora. This is a uico little hie of nows I find in tho Molong paper: — "Sir Honry Parkos, and Messrs. Juunnorot and ICelly, Ms P., had thoir photographs taken at Mr. James' studio last week, and Sir Henry was so plonBod with tho tho artist's work that hu orderod Imlf-a-dozon." Three sluglo gentlemen rolled into ino. From the same pupor I also learn that Sir Llonry has " presented to Mrs. nnd Mr. Wynno, of tho Hoyal Hotel, two photographs, ono representing tho Premier as Ilo stood addressing an audiuncu of seme 40,900 in Loudon, nud tho other being a copy of a photo, taken in Sydiioy. Both portraits are oxqiiisitoly comploto nnd life like, and each bears tho old statetnau's auto graph. The Premier also presented Mr. Wynno with threo interesting works recently publishod, und respectively entitled— " Tho Industries of Now South Wales," "Tho First Legislative Assembly of Now South Wnloa," and " Horn arks on tho Sedimentary Formations of Now South Wales." Ahem! "The old statesman's auto graph" is not not bad, nud tnkon with tho "remarks on the sodimuutary formations of Now South Wales" must be a pleasure for lifo to John Wynno. Thnt's tlio sort of statesman to gojknocking about thu back blocks. My Scotch friends nro going to form a social union. Thoy seomod nt tho mooting on Monday to bo in doubt about a nanto. Various wero suggested. Did tmyono think uf tho "Thistle Club I" Eminently Scotch, and emi nently characteristic. "No imnune me lncessit." You can't play with tho Thistlo. Leave it alone aud it won't hurt you, but you mustn't go fool ing around it. A porcupine on tho job is nothing to a thiBtlu ou tho warpnth. Tho ivy is thu badge of tho Gordons, the oak of another clnn, nnd the heather of a third, but tho thistle is the badge of all Scotland. Why not then thu "Thistle Club 2" WILL HONEYCOMB. 