LATER BALLANDRY NEWS. TUESDAY, September 20. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) We are having a fairly good spell of fine weather, and the summer seems to have come in all at oncfe. Shearing is progressing well at all the sheds cut. There is no wool except that from Oonapaira making its appearance yet. It is feared that the shearing will not be completed before the haymaking is in, as most of the stations are shorthanded. I bear that there is a great lot of sheep purchased on the frontage stations to stock 'somfe of the back blocks that lost so heavily during the drought. One mob of 9000 passed through last week for Mr. M*Farland, of Molonga, in charge of Mr. Cameron. Ballandiy made a start with two shearera, but there are nine at work at present, which I consider will be a fnll board for this year, as there are;only about 14,000 6heep to shear. Merrymerrigal has also started with four shearers, Union men, but expects to be full-handed this week. Thu brings me up to " Onlooker," who I must apprise of the fact that I am in no Way interested in the Union, either as a shearer, sheepowner, or paid or professional agitator. Nor is there one shearer in the whole district has any knowledge of who your Ballandry cor- respondent is, so that" Onlooker " will 6ee that I have not tbe ghost of a chance to get a cheap drink out of the Union. My object is to refute bogus telegrams and misstatements of facts that have been sent to the different papers, and I must now deal with "Onlooker's" statement with reference to" what took place at Toganmain. One of the Union men was walking towards the shearers' but to have some conversation with the men that were in the hut, when all at once two or three non-Union men rushed at him, knocked him down, and kicked him for falling. Now there were none of this man's mates close enough to assist him, and the result was that the man was most cowardly and brutally assaulted by the non-Union men. The rouseabouts seeing this took two of those gentle spirits of the non-Union and gave them i god ducking, which, considering their unmanly and brutal conduct, was letting them off very light. Now "Onlooker" must know that the police were sent for, and that they very soon arrived on the scene. He must also know that if any Union man had been guilty of assaulting any person he would have been given in charge. Now a word to "Onlooker." He has pleaded guilty to the fact that some of the sheepowners have treated the shearers very badly ; he also states that on some of the stations the shearers are shearing under the old station agreements. Now this is not the case, for at all the sheds that are shearing with non-Union men the price per hundred is more ; and the price of rations is 25 per cent, lower than ever it was before. And, as I said before, when we see the oldest and most experienced owners and managers in Riverina shearing under the Union, the rules cannot be bad. I would also remind bim that the legislative wisdom of New South Wales has been 27 years trying to make a land law. Surely he will give the shearers another chance to simplify their rules, and more especially as they are to have the assistance of tbe squatters in drafting the next rules. In conclusion, I would aaviBe " Onlooker," if he is a shearer, to join the Union ; and if he is a sheepowner, to join the Union in any case. Join the Union and fight for Uncle Sam 1 