HE FEU IN LOVE WITH HIS WIFE,' BY E. P. BOE (Author of 'From lest to fernest,' 'Opening a . Chestnut Burr, ' An Original Belle, etc.) Chapter XXVI. — 1 You Don't Enow.' As Timothy Weeks limped hastily away, Holcroft, with a strong revulsion of feeling, thought of Alida. He had been able to answer insults in a way eminently satisfactory to himself, and every blow had relieved his t. i' m y?xs t>mt itmm eakftrxfe ill a eieofuoai ooaauwiit " . poor woman who had received worse blows than he had inflicted ? As he hastened to wards the house he recalled a dim impression of seeing her sick down on th»3 doorstep. Then he remembered her effort to face she j marauders alone. 1 She said she was to blame, | poor child ! as if there were any blame at all ! She said, 41 spare bim," as if I was facing j a band of murderere instead of a lot of neighbourhood scamps, and that she d go away. I'd fight ailOakviHe, men. women and children, before I'd permit that,' and fce started on a run. He found Alida on the step where she baa sunk as if struck down by the rough epithets hurled < at her. She was sobbing violently, almost hysterically, and at first could not reply to bis soothing words. He lifted her up, and half carried her within to a chair. 4 Oh, oh, she cried, why did I not realise it more fully before? selfish woman that I was, to marry yon and bring on you all this shame and danger. I should have thought of It all. I ought to have died rather than do you such a wropg,' 4 Alida, Alida,' protested Holoroft, if it were all to do over again I'd be a thousand times more' — 4 Oh, I know, I know. You are brave and generous and honest. I saw that much when you first spoke to me. I yielded to the temptation to secure such a friend ; I was too cowardly to .tecs the world alone. And now see what' happened ! You're in danger and disgrace on my account. I must go away — I must do what I should have done at first-,' and with her faoe buried in her bauds she rooked back and forth overwhelmed by the bitterness and reproach of her thoughts. 'Alida,' he urged, 4 please be calm and sensible. Let me reason with you and tell you the truth. All that's happened is that the Oakville cubs have received a well- deserved whipping- When you get calm, I can explain everything so it won't seem half eo bad. Neither you nor I are in any danger, and as for your going away, look me in the eyes and listen.' His words were almost stern in their earnestness. She raised her streaming eyes to his face, then sprung up, exclaimiug, 4 Oh ! you're wounded !' 4 What's that compared with your talk of going away ?' All explanations and reassurances would have been trivial in effect compared with tbe truth that he had been hurt in her defence. She dashed her tears right and left, ran for a basin of water, and making him take her chair began washing away the blood stains. 4 Thunder!' he said, laughing, 4 how quickly we've changed places !' 1 Oh, ob,' she moaned, it's a terrible wound ; it might have killed you, and they will kill yon yet.' He took her hands and held them firmly. 4 Alida,' he said, gravely yet kindly, 4 be still aod listen to me.' For a moment or two longer, her bosom heaved with convulsive sobs, and then she grew quiet. 4 Don't you know you can't go away?' he asked, still retaining her hands and leoking in her f&oe.; I oould for your sake,' she began. 4 No, it wouldn't be for my sake. I don't wish you to go, and wouldn't let you. If you should let the Oakville rabble drive you away I would be In danger, and so would others, for I'd be worse on 'em than an earthquake. After the lesson they've had to-night, they'll let us alone, and I'll let them alone. You know I've tried to be honest with you from the first. Believe me, then, the trouble's over, unless we make more for ourselves. Now, promise you'll do as I say and let me manage.' 4 I'll try,' she breathed eoftly. 4 No, no, that won't do. I'm beginning to find you out- You may get some foolish, self-sacrificing notion in your head that it would be best for me, when it would be my ruination. Will you promise V 4 Yes.' 4 Famous ! Now you ean bathe my head all you please, for it feels a little queer.' | 4 It's an awful wound,' she said In tones of | the deepest sympathy. 4 Oh, I'm so sorry.' i 4 Pshaw ! my bead is too hard for that I little scamp of a Weeks to break. His tnrn'il come o xt,' She cat away the blood-clotted hair and bound up the rather severe scalp wound with j a tenderness and sympathy that expressed ' itself even in her touch. Bhe was tco con- i fused and excited to be conscious of her&elf;, i but she had received some tremendously i strong impressions. Chief among them was | the truth that nothing which had happened j made any diff erence in him — that he was i still the same loyal friend, standing between ; her and the world she dreaded — yes, between her and her own impulses towards self- ss orifice. . Sweetest of ail was the assurance 1 that he did this for his own sake as well as here. These facts seemed like a foothold in the mad torrent of feeling and shame which had been sweeping her away, She flainlr £ littla mnvo ftfien titefit. fihfi nrnfl safe — safe beoanse be was brave and loyal, and yes, safe beoanse he wanted her and would not give her up. The heart of a woman most be callous indeed, and her nature not only trivial but stony, if she is not deeply touohed under ciroametanaSs like theee. In spite of bis laughing contempt of danger, she trembled as she saw him ready to go. out again ; she wished to aooompany him on bis round of observation, bat he scouted the idea, although it pleased bim. Standing in the door, she strained her eyes and listened breathlessly. Ho goon re turned and said, /They've all had enough. We Won't bfi disturbed again / He saw that,, her .nerves needed quieting, ' and he set about the task with such simple Published by special arrangement with the auth r. tact as be possessed. Hie first ,BteP light his pipe in the most Bonohalent manner, and then he burst out laughing. I » hang that hiakory up. It has done too go r d service to be put to common me again. Probably yon never heard of- a ekimelton, Alida. Well, tbey are not so uncommon in this region. I suppose I'll have to own up t taking part In one myself when I was a young chap. Tbey usaaliy are only rough larkB, and are taken good-naturedly. Pa ®0, cn jesting terms with my neighbours, ana they had no business to come here, but I woman t have made any row if they badn t insulted y Her head bowed very low as she faltered, They've heard everything.' He osme right to her and took her band, 1 Didn't I hear everything before they aid 1 4 Yes.' 4 Well, A' Ida, I'm not only satisfied with you, but Ini very grateful to ycu. Why shouldn't I be when you are a good, Christian woman? I guess I'm the one to be suited, not Oakville. I should be as reckless as the devil if you should go away from me. Don t I act like a man who's ready to Btand up for and protect you?' 4 Yes, too ready. It would kill me if any thing happened to you on my account.' 4 Well, the worst would happen,' he said, firmly, 4 if we don't go right on as we've began. If we go quietly on about our own affairs, we'll soon be let alone, and that's all we ask.' , 4 Yes, yes, indeed. Don't worry, James, I ll do asiyou wish.' 4 Famous ! You never said "JameB to me before. Why haven't you V I don't know,' she faltered, with a sudden rush of colour to her pale face. 4 Well, that's my name,' he resumed, laughing. 4 1 guess it's because we are getting better acquainted.' She looked up and said, impetuously, 4 You don't know how a woman feels when a man standB op for her as you did to- night.' 4 Well, I know how a man feels when there is a woman so well worth standing up for. It was a luofey thing that I had nothing heavier in my band than that hickory.' All the while he was looking at her curiously ; then he spoke his thought, 'You're a quiet little woman, Alida, most times, but you re capable of a thunder-gust now and then.' 4 I'll try to be quiet at all times, she replied, with drooping eyes. 1 Oh. I'm not complaining,' he said, laugh ing, 4 1 like the trait.' He took a email pitoher and went to the .dairy. Returning, he poured out two glasses of milk and said, 4 Here's to your health and happiness, Alida ; and when I don't stand up for the woman who started oat to save me from a mob of murderers, may the next thing I eat or drink ohoke me. You didn't know tbey were merely & lot of Oakville boys, did you ?' 4 You ean't make so light of it,' said she. 4 They tried to close oa you. and if that stone had etrack you on the temple, it might have killed you. They swore like pirates, and looked like ruffians with their blackened faces. They certainly were not boys in appearance. I'm afraid I swore, too,' he said, sadly. 4 You bad some excuse, but I'm sorry. They would have hnrfc you if you hadn't kept them off.' 4 Yes, they'd probably given me a beating. People do things in hot blood they wish they hadn't afterwards. I know this Oakville iongh-seuff. Since we've had it out, and tbey know what to expect, they'll give me a wide berth. Now go to sleep. You were B6ver safer in your life.' She did not trust herself to reply, but the glance Bhe gave him from her tearful eyes was so eloquent with grateful feeling that he was suddenly conscious of some unwonted 88nsatk>Bs. He again patrolled the place and tied the do£ near the barn. 4 It's barely possible that some of these mean cusses might venture to kindle & fire, bat a bark from Towser will warn 'em off. She is a spirited little woman,' be added, with & sharp change in soliloquy. 4 There's nothing milk and water about her. Thunder ! 1 felt like kissing her when Bhe looked at me so. I guess that crack on my Bkull has made me a little lxght-he&ded.;' He lay down in his clothes so that he might rash oat in eaes of any alarm, and he intended to keep awake. Then, the first thing he knew, the son was shining in the windows. It wsb long before Alida slept, aod the burden of her thoughts confirmed the words that she had spoken so involuntarily. 4 You ivmmm lmiv 4 lfTAMi « m fflnla nken o men tiUil I AUUn UUff SI WUUiOU I6G10 WUWW B UB« stands np for her as you did.' It is the nature of her eex to adore hardy, courageous manhood. Beyond all power of expression, Alida felt her need of a champion and protector. She was oapable of going away for his sake, bat she would go in terror and despair. The words that had smitten her confirmed all her old fears of facing the world alone. Then came tbe overpowering thought of hie loyalty and kindness, of hiB utter and almost fierce repugnance to the idea of her leaving him. In contrast with the man who had deceived and wronged her, Holoroft's course overwhelmed her very soul with & passion of grateful affection., A new emotion, unlike anything she had ever known, thrilled tier heart and covered her face with blQBhes. 4 1 oould die for him,' ehe murmured. Bhe awoke late in the morning. When at last ehe entered the kitchen she stopped in deep chagrin, lor H lcrolt had almost com pleted preparations for breakfast. 4 Ha, ha !' he laughed, turn about is fair play.' Well,' she sighed, 'there's no use of making excuses now.' 4 There's no occasion for any. Did yon ever see such a looking case as I am with this bandage around my head ?' Does it paiu you?' she afiked, sympa thetically. 4 Well, it does. It puns like thunder. ' 4 The wound needs dressing again. Let me cleanse and bind It up.' Yes, after breakfast.' 4 No, indeed, now. I couldn't eat any breakfast while you were suffering oo.' I'm more unfeeling then than yon are, for I could.' She insisted on having her way, and then tore up her handkerchief to supply & soft, linen bandage. 4 You're extravagant, Alida,' but she only shook her head. < Famous! That feels abrokefi wou"aYe0.ike . pair of never e.id a word when ehe oould etoke or nod her meaning,' . . srtei. 4 £ should think yea would glad, alter having been half talked to death by ml?I said before, take your uf doing things. It seems the right way after 14 A fatot colour oame into her looked positively bappy as she i sat down t breakfast. 4 Are yon sure your head feels better ?' ehe asked. . Yes, aod you look a hnndrea. per cent better. Well, I am glad yon had eneh a good sleep after all the hubbub. „ t 4 1 didn't sleep till towards morning, she said, with down-east eyes.' 4 Pshaw ! that's too bad. Well, no you look like a different person from what yon did when I first saw you. Yon ve been trowing younger every day.' Her faee fiuehed like a girl sounder his direct, admiring gaze, making her all the more pretty. She hastened to divert direct attention from herself by asking, Yon haven't heard from anyone this mowing? 4 No. but I gnese the doctor has. Some of those fellows will have to keep shady for a Ab they were finishing breakfast, Holoroft looked out of the open kitchen door and, exclaimed, 4 By thunder ! we're going 4®®ar from Borne of them now. Here comes Mrs. Weeks, the mother of the fellow who hit me.' . 4 Won't you please receive her in tbe parlor V , 4 Yes, she won't stay long, yon may be BUrc. I'm going to give that Weeks tube one lesson and pay off the whole score/ He merely bowed ooldly to Mrs. Weeks s salutation and offered her a chair. Tbe poor woman took out her handkerchief and began to mop her eyes, but Holoroft was steeled against her, not so much on account of the wound inflicted by her son as for tbe reason that he saw in her an accomplice with her husband in the frand of Mrs. Mnmpson. 4 1 hope you're not badly hurt,' she began. 4 It might be worse.' 4 O, Mr. Holoroft,' she broke out sobbingly, 4 spare my Bon. It would kill me if you sent bim to prison.' » He took the chance of killing me last night.' was the cold reply. 'What's far worse, he insulted my wife.' 4 O, Mr.'Ho'croft, he was young and foolish, he didn't realise'— Were you and your husband young ana foolish,' be interrupted bitterly, 4 when you gulled me into employing ibbh of yoare V ThiB retort was so overwhelming that Mrs; Weeks Bobbed epeeohlessly. Alida coold not help overbearing the conversation, and she now glided into the room and stood by her husband's side. 4 James,' she said, ' won't you do me a favour, a great kindness ?' Mrs. Weeks raised her eyes and looked wonderingly at this dreadful woman, against whom ail Oakville was talking. I know what yoa wteh, Alida,' he replied, sternly, ' but I can't do it. This is a case for justice. This woman's son whs the leader of that vile crowd that insulted yon last night. I c&u; forgive his Injuring me, bat not tbe words he used about you. More over, wh6n i was alone and struggling to keep my home- Mrs. Weeks took part with her hnsband in imposing on me their fraud of a cousin and in tricking me out of honest money. Any woman with a heart in her bre&st; would have tried to help a man situated as I was. No, it's a elear ease of justiee, and her son shall go to gaol.' Mrs. Weeks wailed afresh at this final senftenoe. Holcroft was amazed to see his wife drop on her knees beside his chair. He raised her Instantly. 4 Don't do such a thing as that,' he said, huskily. Without removing her pleading eyes from his face, she asked, gently, Who told as to forgive as we would be forgiven ? James, I shall be very unhappy if yoa don't grant this mother's prayer.' He tried, to turn away, bnt she e&nght; his hand and held bis eyes with hers. 4 Alida,' he said, In etrong agitation, 4 you beard this; vile, false words that Timothy Weeks said last night. They struck you down like a" blow. Can you forgive bim V 4 Yes, and I plead with yon to forgive him. Grant me mv wish. James : I shall be so mueh happier and so will you.' 4 Well, Mrs. Weeks, now yon know what kind of a woman your son oame to insult. Yon may tell yonr neighbours that there's one Christian in Oakville. I yield to Mrs. Holoroft, and will take no farther aation in tbe affair if we are let alone.' Mrs. Weeks was not a bad woman at heart, and ehe bad received a wholesome lesson. She came and took Alida's hand as ehe e&id;, 4 Yes, you are a Christian — a better woman than I've been, but I ain't so mean and bad but what, when I see my fault, I am Borry and esn ask forgiveness, Mr. Holoroft. I've been ashamed of myself ever since yoa brought my coasis back. I thought rise would try, when she had the ohanoe yon gave her, but she seems to have no sense. 4 There, there, let bygones be bygones,' said tbe farmer in embarrassment. 4 I've surrendered. Please don't say anything more.' 4 You've a good heart in spite—' 4 Oh, come now, please quit, or I'll begin to swear a little to keep up the reputation my neighbours have given me. Go home and tell Tim to brace up and try to be a man. When I say I'm done with a grudge, I am done. You and Mrs. Holoroft can talk all you like, but please exouee me/ and with more than most men's horror of a scene, he escaped precipitately, Bit down, Mrs. Weeks, e&fd; Alida, kindly. Well, I will. I ean't say mueh to exonse myself or my folks — ' 4 You've already said everything, Mm. Weeks/ interrupted Afida, gently, you've said you are sorry/ Mr. Weeks stared a moment, and then resumed, eeatentfcosly, Well, itee heard more gospel In ihat rei&ark; than If I'd gone to etoucb. And I oonlfin't go to chuntii, I could never have gone there again or held mv head np anywhere if— if—' ' 4 That's all past and gone/ eaid Alids smiling. When Mr. Holcroft lays anything yon may depend oo it.' y g 4 Well, God bless you for Interoedhs'— y0o had so much to forgive. Nobody sbsll ever apeak a word against you again while I've got breath to answer. I wish you'd let me Otoie and see yoa sometimes/ 4 Whenever you wish, if you cere to visit one who has bad eo much — so much trouble 4 1 see now that's all the more reason I should come, for if it hadn't been for you, I'd have been In bitter trouble myeelf. We've been woree than heathen, standin' off and talking againBt yon. Oh, I've had a lesson I won't forget. Well, I mast harry home, for I left Timothy and Lemuel in a dreadful state.' Seeing the farmer in the b&rn; as she was pasffing, she rushed to him. 4 You've got to shake hands with me, Mr. Holoroft. Yob? wife is a good woman, and she's a lady, too. Anyone with half an eye can see she's not one of the oommon sort/ The farmer shook the poor woman's hnwj good-naturedly, and eaid heartily 4 Tbat'i so. All right. Meeting's over. Good-bye.' Then be turned to his work and ohuekled 4 That's what Tom WatierJy eaid. Thank the Lord ! she isn't of the common sort. I've got to brace up and b8 more of a mas as well as Tim Weeks/ In spite of tbe pain in his head, Alida's words proved true. He was happier than he bad been in many a long day. He had the glow which follows a generous act and the thought that he had pleased a eweet little woman who somehow Beamed very attractive to him that May morniDg ; at the same time the old Adam in hie nature led to a sneaking satisfaction that he had laid on the hickory so nnsparisgly the evening before. Alida ottered a low. happy laugh as she heard him whlstlivg 4 Coronation' In jig time, and ehe hustled away the breakfast things with tbe eagerness of a girl, that ehe might be ready to read to him when he came in. Chapter XXVII. — Farm and Farheb Bewitched. The day grew warm, and having finished her tasks indoors and oared for the poultry, Alida brought a chair out in tbe poreb. Her eyes were dreamy with a vague, unde fined happiness. Tbe landscape in itself was oause for exquisite pleasure, for itwai an ideal day of tbe apple-blossoming period. The old orchard back of the barn looked ai if pink and white olouds had tattled upon it, and scattered trees near and far were ex haling their fragrance. The light brass whioh fanned her cheek and best tbe growing rye in an ad jaoent field was perfumed beyond tbe Bkill of art. Not only were her favosrifcs meadow larks ealling to each other, but the ! thrashes had oome, and she felt that ebs had never beard aooh bymae as tbey were singing. A buret of song from tbs lilac bush under tbe parlour window drew her eyes thither, and there was the paternal redbreast pouring cat the very soul of ecstasy. From the neet beneath him rose the black head and yellow beak of his brooding mate. 4 How ro&tented; and happy she looks !' Alida murmured, 1 how happy they both are ! and the secret of it is home. And to think that I, who was a friendless waif, am at home also ! At home with Eden like beanty and peaee before my eyes. Bat if it hadn't been for him, and if be were not brave, kind, and true to all be says' — and she shuddered at a contrast that rose before ber fancy. She could now scarcely satisfy her- self that it was only gratitude which filled her heart with a strange, happy tumult. She had never ben con scious of nuoh exaltation before.. It u true she had learned to cherish a strong affection for the man whom she bad believed to be her husband, but ehitily beosuse ha bad seemed kind and she had an affectionate disposition. Until within the last few boon her nature had never been touched ud awakened in its profoundest depth. Ske bad never known before nor h«fi B® idtolised tbe manhbod capable of evoking tna f eelinge whieh now tightened her eyes ani gave - to her face Hie supreme ohara ana heaaty of womanhood, ia troth, it was i fitting day and time for fire birth of a love like here, kimple, all-absorbing, and grate ful. It contained no element not in barmoBJ with that May Sunday morning. Holoroft came and sat on the steps below her. She kept her eyes on tbe landscape, for she was consciously enough on ber K0®1® now. 4 1 rather guess you think, Alida, tnai you are looking at better pioture than any artist fellow oould paint V he remarked. 4 Yea,' ehe replied, hesitatingly, ' pioture Beems all the more lovely ano fall » light beoanse the background is eo very dara. I've been thinking ot what happened bete last night and what might have happened and how I felt then/ . „ 4 Yoa feel better— different now, uon yon ? Yoa certainly look so.' . , 4 Yes, yoa made me very happy by y»e lngtoMrs. Weeks/ 4 Oh, I didn't yield to her at all. , 4 Very well, have it your own way, then. 4 1 think you had it your way.' 4 Are you sorry ?' ¥ v 4 Did I look eo? How did you i o be happier ill gave in?' , 4 Because, as yon say, I'm getting , , acquainted with you. Yoa content h p oeing Happier lor a generous ao». .. t 4 1 wouldn't have done it, though, i- h&dnt; been for yon/ I'mnot so sure about that/ . . 4 1 am. You're coming to make rue confoundedly uccomlortabtein my bB&tbto15; lite/ 4 1 wish I oould.' 1;. .. 4 1 never had each a sermon in my Y7- you gave me this morning. A . unne» act, like yours, is worth a year of relig1 She looked at him wistfully for and then asked, a little abruptly Holoroft, have you truly forgiven that w family ? 4 Oh, yes, I suppose to. I've old Jady, anyhow. Uve shaken tunas i Bhwho.ttewl.na ion Sbooiaoonu W— — — 1 t '' ' " pea apologise, and fay they wem aorry, would you truly and hoaesilyHlofgbre them ?' » ' Certainly. I couldn't hold a grudge after 1 that. What are you aiming at ?' and he turned and looked inquiringly into her faee. It was flashed and tearful in i« eager, earnest interest. 'Don't you see?' she faltered. He shook his head, but was suddenly and strangely moved by her expression. Why, Mr. Holcroft, if you ean honestly forgive those who have wronged yon, you ought to see how ready God is to forgive.' He fairly started to his feet, so vividly the truth eame home to him, illumined, as it was, by a recent and personal experience. After a moment, he Blowly sat down gain and said, with a long breath, 1 That was a close shot, Alida.' ' I only wish you to have the trust and comfort wbioh this truth should bring yon,' she said. 'It seems a pity you. should do yourself needless injustice when you are willing to do wbftt is right and kind by others.' It's all a terrible muddle, Alida. If God is so ready to forgive, how do you account for all the evil and suffaring in the world V ' I don't aooount for it, and ean't. I'm only one of his little children, often an erring one, too. You've been able to forgive grown people, your equals, and-strangers in a sense. Suppose you had a little boy thai had done wrong, but said he was sorry, would you hold a grudge against him ?' The ides ! I'd be a brate.' She laughed softly as she asked again, 'Don't you see?' He sat looking thoughtfully away across the fields for a Jong time, juid finally asked, 1 T« vonr idM of hpnnmino n Hhrhtian being forgiven like a child and then trying to do right V Yes. Why not?' 'Well,' he remarked, with a grim laugh, ' I didn't expect to be cornered in this way.' 'You who are truthfal should face the truth. It would make you happier. A good deal that was unexpected has happened. When I look otit on a scene like this and think that I am safe and at home, I feel that God has been very good to me, and that you have, too. I can't bear to think that yon have that old trouble on your mind— the feeling that you had been a Christian once, but was not one now. Being sate that there is no need of your continuing to feel so, what sort of return would I be making for all your kindness if I did not try to show you what is as clear to me as the sunshine V You are a good woman, Alida. Believing as you do, you have done right to spe&k; to me, and I never believed mortal lips could speak so to the purpose. I shall think of what you have said, for yon have put things in a new light. But say, Alida, what on earth possesses you to oaii me 'Mr. f You said James easy enough after the skimelton was over, and when old lady Weeks was begging Tim off. Yon don't need to be soared half to death every time to oall me by my first name, do you ? ' Scared ? Oh, no.' She was a trifle confused, he thought, but then her tone was completely reassuring. The day was one Ions remembered by both. As in nature about them, the con- slitinnii of develanment . and r&oid; nhancm now existed. She did not read ajoud very! maeb, and long silences fell /between them. I They were reaching a higher plane of com- J panionsbip, in which words. am not always I essential. Both' hadmubh to .think about, j and their thoughts were like roots which j prepare for blossom and fruit. With Monday, busy life was resumed. The farmer began planting his oorn and Alida berower seeds, Almost every day now addedbo the brood of little obioks under her care. The cows went out to pasture, Holorcft broQgbe in an inc. easing number of overflowing pails of milk, and if the labours of the fAry gnaw mote exacting, ihry also grew more profitable. The ; tide had tamed ; income was larger than outgo, and it truly seemed to the long-harassed man that an era of psacd and prosperity had set In. To a superficial observer things might have j appeared to be going on much as before ; bat there were influences at work which Holcroft did not clearly comprehend. As Alida bad promised herself, she epeni elf the money which the eggs brought in, bpt. Holcroft found pretty muslin cortaiptlat the parlour windows, and shades which excluded, the glare from the kitchen. Better china (ook ine piace ortnai wniou »a« «w i unsightly. In brief, a subtle end refining j touch was apparent all over the house. | ' How fine we are getting !' he remarked | one evening at supper. 1 4 I've only made a beginning ' she replied, noddisg dtfiantly at him. ' The chickens | will paint the house before the year is over.' 4 Phew ! when do the silk dnnsee ac me in Y I ' When your broadcloth, does.' _ j 4 Well, if this goes on, I ehaU certainly j have to wear purple andfine linen to keep | pace.; j 4 Find linen, certainly. When you take j the next lot of eggs to town I shall tell yon just the numbpr of yards I need to make half a dozen extis fine shirts. Those yon have are setting past mending. ' 'Do yen think I'll let yon spend your money in thai way V 4 Yoo'll let me spend my money just as I pleare— in the way that will do me the most good V I 4 What a saucy little woman you are j becoming ! he said, looking at her so fondly that Bbe quickly averted her eyes. 1 It's a way people fall into when humoured,' she aoswexed. . n i a i?a- — — a.. maima mac fl Dflfl Bere, aiiqii yoqn » euu»o i Ik seems but tbe other day I brought yoQ | hers a pale ghost of a woman. As eld ! Jonathan Johnson said, yon were « onj yin' ' poor health." " Do yon knew what be said i when I took bun off so he wouldn't pnt you j | through the oateeblsm ?' . . 'No,' she replied, with a deprecating smile and rising colour. . 1 ' He said »e was " afeared I'd been taken in, you were such a )oUx4ootio' oritter. ' j Ha l ba i Wish he might see ybo now, with j that flashed faee of yours. I never believed ! I in magip, but I'll have to come ao.Kv You ; are be witched, and sare being traodfornied IntoJ a pretty young girl right under nay 5 the house is bewithhsd and is grotfioR pretty, 1 log. god pleawtw 8 thellmc. w ehskry 1 «u amflctfffi pn fctwitobtd <$r bmw blossomed so before.: the hehs areltHB wished, they lay as ifBBseesed-tbe— ' Oh, stop,?orI shall thiak that you're bewitched yourself.' ' I truly begin to think I am.' . 4 Oh, well, since ws all and everything are affected in the eame way, it don't matter.' 'Bat it does. It's unaoeountable, I'm beginning to rub my eyes and pinch myself to wake up, ' If you like it, I wouldn't wake up.' ' Suppose I did, and saw Mrs. Mumpson sitting where you do, Jane here, and Mrs. Wiggins smoking her pipe in the corner. The very thought makes me shiver. My first words would be, 4 Please pass the cold p'ison." ' What nonsense you are talking to night !' she tried to say severely, bat tbe pleased, happy look in her eyes betrayed bet. He reg&cded; her with tte open admiration of a boy, and she sought to divert his attention by asking, 4 What do you think has become I of Jane?' 'I don't know — stealing around 1 ike a strange cat in some relation's hou id, I sup- pose.' ' You onoe said you would like to some thing for her.' 'Well, I wonld. If I ooold afford it I'd I like to send her to school.' | Would you like her to come here and study lessons part of the time ?' | He shivered visibly. No, Alida, and you wouldn't either. She'd mak you more | nervous thqn she would me, and that's j saying a good deal. I do feel very sorry for I her, and if Mrs. Weeks, eomes to see you, we'll find oat if something can't be done, bat j her presence would spoil all oor coeey I AAfnfnrfc Tho la T tcnnMn'fc fctaiqv having anyone here. Yon and £ are jnst about' company enough. Skill, if you feel that you'd Uke to have some kelp — ' ' On, liO, I haven't enough to do.' 'Bat you're &1 way b a-aoing. Well, if yoh're content, I haven't Christian fortitude I enough to make any changes.' ! She smiled and thought ehs was more than ! oontent. She bad begnn to detect symptoms , in her husband which her own heart enabled her to interpret. In brief, it looked as if he were drifting on a smooth, swift tide to the same haven in which abe was anchored. Gael unosaaily warm morning for the season, rain set in after breakfast. . Holorof t did not fret in the least that he eould not go to the fields, nor did he, as had been bis enstom at first, find rainy day. work at the barn The cows, in cropping the lash grass, bad so in creased their yield of milk that it was necessary to churn every other day, and Alida w&b; busy in the dairy. This place had become inviting by reason of its ooolnees, and she bad rendered it more so by making it perfectly olean and sweet. Strange to say, it contained another ehair beside the one she usually ooeupied. The apartment was large and stone-flagged. Along one side were shelves filled with rows of sbiniDg reiik- pans. In one corner stood the simple machinery which the old dog put in morion when tied upon his movable walk, aqd the ohurn wab near. An iron pipe, buried- deep in the ground, brought cool spring water from tbe brook above. This pipe emptied its contents with a low gurgle into a shallow, oblong re- I aentiflle tinnlr in the flaor. and was wide and deep enbugh for two stone crooks of ample size to' stand abreast up to their, rims in the water. The cream was skimmed into these stpne jars until they were full, then Holcroft emptied/' them into the ohurn. _ He had charged Alida never to attempt this part of the work, and indeed; it was beyond her strength. After breakfast on ehurning days he prepared everything and set the dog at work. Then he emptied the ohnrn of the buttermilk when he eame in to diBner. | Ail the associations 0! the place were pleasant to Alida. It was here that her husband had sbown patience as well- as kindness in teaching ber bow to supplement biB work nntil her own experience and judgment gave her a better skill than he possessed. Many pleasant, laughing words had passed between them In this cool, shadowy pUee, and en a former rainy morn ing be had brought a chair down that he | might keep her eompany. She had not | carried it back, nor waB she very greatly | surprised to Bee him saunter in and occupy it I on the present occasion. She stood by the | ohurn, ber figure outlined clearly in the j light from the open door, as ehs poured in j cold water from time to time to hasten and I ltd V TTah wvrvVife uaiucu iuq uiivsclv aaoi sift"® sleeve was rolled welt back, revealing a white arm that was becoming beautifully plump ail round. An artist would have said that her a titude and action were unconsciously natural and graceful. Holcroft had Boaioely the remotest idea of artistic effect, but he btd a sensible man's perception of a charming woman when she is ohiiuing. 'Mr. Holcroft,' she asked very gravely, 4 will you do something for me ?' 4 Yes, half a dozen things.' iou promise?' ' Certainly . What's the trouble ?' 1 I don t mean there shall be any if I can | help it,' she answered with a light ripple of laughter. 4 Please go and put on your eoat ' 'How you humbng me 1 It's too hot.' ' Oh, you've got to do it, you promised. You can't stay here unless you do ' 4 So you are going to take care of me as if I were a small boy ?' You need eare —sometimes.' He soon came back and asked, ' Now may I stay Y 'Yes. Please untie the dog. Butter's come.' | I should think it would, or anything else 1 hi vnnr noaTin® ' Oh-ii what a speech ! Hasn't that a pretty golden-hue ?' she asked, holding up a mfl-nn of the butcer she was ladling irom the churn into a wooden tray. Yea, you are making the gilt-edge artiale now. I don't have to sell it to Tom Watterly any more.' | 'I'd like to give him some; though.' He was silent., and something Uke sudden rage burned io his heart. thas Mrs. WatteHy wouid not pefoait the gift. That anyone ehonid frown on his having such a helper as Auda was proving herself to be.nqade. him | vindictive. Fortunately her face was turned | away and she did not eee bis heavy' frown Then, to shield her from a disagreeable fact, |1lf said, quickly, 'Djo you know that for I over year I sfoadUy wrefct fobiad my. exeneBf that your battermking has - turned the tide already? I'm begiaaing to get ahead again.' ' I'm so giad,' and her faoe was radiant. ! ' Yes, I shoe Id know that from your looks. ' It's clearer every day that I got tne best of i oar bargain. I never dreamed, (hough, that I should enjoy your society as I do — that we should become each very good friends, j That wasn't in the bargain, was it V \ ' Bargain !' The spirited way with which she echoed the word, as if thereby repu- j dialing anything like a sordid side to their ; mutual relations, was not lost on her wondering and admiring partner. She checked herself suddenly. 'Now let me teach you how to make butter,' and with the tray in her lap, she began Washing the golden product and pressing out the milk, j He laughed in a oonfused, delighted why i at her piquant, half-saucy manner, as be ' watched her deft round arm and shapely I hand. ; The farmers' wives in Oakville would ! say your hands were too little to do much.' 'They would?' and she raised her blue eyes indignantly to his. ' No matter, you are the one to say about thai.' ' I Bay they do too much. I shall have to get Jane to help you.' 'By all means. Then you'll have more ciety.' ' That was a home shot. You know how I dote on everybody's absence, even Jane's.' ' Yon dote on batter. See bow firm and yellow it's getting. Yon wouldn't think it was milk-white cream a little while ago, would you ? Now I'll put in the salt and yon must taste it, for you're a connoisseur.' ' A what 1' a .Indnn t-hnn ' v UUuUt 4 You know a sight more than I do, Alida,' 4 I'm learning ali the time.' 4 So am I — to appreciate you,' 4 Listen to the sound oi the rain and the water as it rone into the milk-oooler. Ii's like low music, isn't it ?' Poor Holcroft could make no better answer than a sneeze. 'Oh-h,' she cxolaimed, 'you're catching oold ! Come, you must go right np-BEairs. You can't stay here another minuie. I'm nearly through.' 'I was never more contented in my life.' 'You've no right to worry me. What would I do if yon got sick ? Gome, I'll stop work till you go.' Well then, little boss, good- bye.' With a half-suppressed smile at his obedienes, Alida watched his reluctant departure. She kept on diligently at work, but one might have fancied that her thoughts rather than her exertions were flushing ber oheeks. It seemed . to her that but a few moments elapsed before she followed him, but he had gone. Then she saw that the rain had ceased and that the clouds were break iug. His cheerful whistle sounded re-assur ingly from the barn, and a little later he drove up the lane with a cart. She sat down in the kitchen and began sewing on the fine linen they had jested about. Before long she heard a light step. Glancing up, she eaw the most peouliar and on- canny-lookiug child that had ever crossed her. vision, and with dismal presentiment IrnAV it wftp .Tknn. (to be oost1hded.) 