Terror of Iaunted Locomotives. LocoroTrrn engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitioun in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors arein regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand. ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, It. I., killing the engineer. The engine was subsequently re built and put on the road. On the first trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approach ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost dis appeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stonington road, A little brook becaeie swollen by the rain, and carried away a railroad bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in. the chasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was going at such a apecd that the locomotive leaped clear ncross the stream, and they found Giles lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through his body and onehandclutch ing the throttle valve with the grasep of death. Gilea,whenhe came into Providence, was ac custorued to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad erhere it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence'of those whistles was the firatin. tienation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leapi on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there waq at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with such nuperelitioun horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have heard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signale to his wife, sound throu h t he suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. - Tnee: there in something in the unruffled catnl ol nature that orverawee our little O utelliee and doubts; the eight of the deep blu. iry and the C1aetering stare above eeem to iee part a quiet to the mind.e 11411-1 ihIon is( "ttu lieI,-t eviele I e neu, eec el theta Bob Ntee hutchi -Si flit.i eiliee.... lilt (ti hat. tgtfi tcli'tII ii niiiii l tIi itli , Whiill iri e ic cl, i 'uIr. a lnaie q ~I ncii :: xiith ciii ,iiity bil ic.fj cc wi I t ce ti it~eii - ýrt~ "I.rr~tiii~if~ trr!trt 