Echoes. Tin still rising. Sandy Grant is around once more. 'Tile new Postmaster lias arrived. Bunting is still minus that £5 note. Pittman wants to know when that Fire Brigade is going to be established ? Good man Meston. We shall see you in Congress when the great day comes. Mr. Hobson threatened to clear if Meston's motion was carried. A hogshead of colonial sympathy will be chipped fruin Cairns shortly. .. Volunteers, roi! up. Don't yen bear your country tailing ? . Eeport on Mr. Alley's establishment will arpear cent Wednesday, Mr. Kenny says people ought to pay for their own jubilees. Dr. Qnccly reports health of men at se- cond ECcticn really good. Oddfellow's ball nest Tuesday night, A grand success expected, WV. Pallon says sympathy isn't wei th six- pence. Slr. Kenny says sympathy won't niend a broken leg. Sugar seems to have reached tke top price. Moro ttY.iiMc brewing. Affjhnn boundary \- ^ Hot oottlcd- yo*-..............-.-'.r ...... . . , Rothschild, or some other millionaire, may be starting a jubilee one of these Jays. Orders received for buying Lily Bank allotments. H. M. Chester, Esq., to depart for Clon- curry. We wish bini every success in his new sphere, Mr. Keuny is of op!niou that when you are asked for bread, and you give sympathy, you might just as nell give a stoue. Seven ounces of gold from thc Bussell "River diggings arrived in Cairns on Tues- day. Hart nnd Collins' fine new hotel, atBarron ville, nearly finished; expect to open next week. Waggon wheels and ribs make capital metalling for roads, in conjnnction with timber obtained from Aldermanie heads. Nearly l t columns of rending matter this issue. We personally would have prefcrcd advertisements. Alley keeps the blight off his orange trees by fixing small cubes of yellow soap on the upper branches. The sympathy amendment at the Divi- sional lsoard, re the jubilee, was only carried by one vote ; thc chairman was dead against it. . What would be considered a decent sized brook in any other country, and have a bridge thrown across it, is called a cart rid here. \\\ e have very large ideas in Cairns. When is the telegraph line over the Barron River going to bo a permanent affair? At present it is only a temporary erection. Very temporary. From visible signs it is evident that several people aie going to have now horses before' fong. We have seen several four legged scaffoldings giing about lately. Sir T. Dillon Bell regrets that thc colonies won't contribute to the Imperial Institute. We wtmld rather contribute to the Bulli Fund...... Woman came after man, and she has been after him ever since. Tho young gentlemen who go courting in Abbott-street should remember this, . _. _. ^"?^'^.^^^?^"^¿^^-(^??'.^?^¿y 0f that'clerk who came to him «orne time naronnd borrowed a fiver " to", be.repaid next Tuesday," and then departed straight for South. He will want a brick badly when mine host.laya hands Upon him. We have left off contributing to charities and the like, not thinking it quite good enough when you can do so much hy t'i« expression of a feeling cf sympathy. The Queen doe3 it that way, aud she ought to know. Yahoo ! The criminal cases in Townsville have occupied a much longer time than was anti- cipated. Litigants in the civil court have now to wait till Judge Cooper returns from Cooktown, when he will hear the civil cases before resuming the criminal cases. It bas been suggested that the name of om town (not ancient or historic) should be changed, and that its title in the future should be Macanberville. That bold, lui man, Mr. Byan, is responsible for this idea This comes of reading Dickens. The following sum in rule of three i submitted to the Government for solution -If eight miles of railway over level counlri takes 12 months to make, how many month will seventy takeover mountains? An answé will oblige. Hue's Ü8 horse tried to eat our shippin» reporter last night os ho left our office oñ business thoughts iatuut The gentleman in question had recently been sitting on a hag of Telford and Turner's Rosewood onions, I «nd ; the nnfortunuto four-leggcd-ghost-of 1famine has hcen so long contemplating the railings of tho post office paddock that he mistakes everything that is not made of wood for something to eat. Cairns is, financially speaking, in a state [ of revolution. We saw a party chasing Mr. ?"Wimble with u cheque in his hand, which he was tendering in settlement of a rent account. Wimble thought it was a bill, and was not guing to be had, and now ids tenant says he will see him d-.-d if he will pay- ât all. Another gentleman says that he is so busy dodging his creditors that he has not time to collect the money that is due to him. Trades-inen changing cucónos should be very careful to see that thc notes they hand over are one-pounders and not fivers. A sneak went into a store the other day to get a Ü2 odd choque changed, and received in re- turn a -£."> instead of a ¿1 note with other change. The storekeeper luckily discovered his mistake before the shuffler left tho shop, and by dint of bluff and bullying made him hand over. There is a considerable crowd of dead heads in Cairns and around who are too pesky mean to buy a whole threepennorth of newspaper at once, but os so'-n aa the nearest publican has got his copy of thc POST they go and stay with him for an lioui or so and read his copy whilst they wait foi some one to shout. If no one does then tht mean man offers to shake the boss for drinks and should he be too fly the loafer clean out, leaving a thirsty curse on the house. A movement is on foot to send a jubilee expression of sympathy to Bunting on the loss of his dog. We feel for him ourselves, but we congratulate tbe crocodile. Our bard has let himself out thusly on the subject : He never more will swimming go, No more indulge in hunting, For with a smile, a crocodile, Ate up that dog of Bunting. That crocodile will come again, For he likes dog, and may be, That next time, on a morning fine He'll interview a baby. 