GRAND NATIONAL SHOW. President: Samuel Carter, Esq. Vice- Presidents Messrs James Allan and W. Robinson. Treasurer. F. Russell. Committee - Messrs . B. Bolton, J. S. Bowden, WV. Bur. jar. alte, A. Cameron, J. C. Carter, C. WCrse,' Drmmond, G. Glenister. A. Hock. iJa Jomhson, H. . ruger, A. A. Lidla;, S. ?I, D. 'Cals", J. afttrasa. G. Eagle, . Lalator, A. W. Walters, andThos.Youug. sa- rzar-- 3r. Edward C. Rogers. The one thing needful was vouchsafed Saturday, and the Grand National Show. held under the auspices of the Horsham and District Agricultural and Pas toral Society, was opened with perfect weather. A large contingent arrived from Melbourne and all parts of the colony during the previous day and the holding capacity of all the hotels was stretched to the utmost. The grounds during the time the judging was being carried on and while the jumping trials were held, were comfortably occupied, but the first is always -ad ered an "off' day and the greater s.,f n must be expected to- day, when the awards will all have been made, prize cards -ed, and when the final jumping contests adilbe prominent items on the programme. rI ;,ciety had made complete preliminary ,aroeant for the reception and display ,s ,hits, for the convenience of the sacts and public generally, and especially 1n it iertant task of selecting excellent -g?. T?e additions to the accommoda 'Lo cn tieeground were much appreciated; to penls for the sheep were well littered -ith straw and found to be excellently laid ,at for judging; the extra stalls for cattle _: ,Ld sr:-iceable. while the inner ring was :- cane ct ?a?ing accidents and allowed of aedful judging. A suggestion was thrown b -y stome of the judges that, in future ves ah.?t the committee publish cata lpeos, a semaphore or telegraph board 'culd be erected in the horse ring, o tha: ica;ttion may be given of the stion being judged and the winning :.steo:. By this means the public may c:oare tnho with the books and at once Anew the r.ames of the prize-takers. The a:?l?remZ is carried out on many asws gra:ds with great success. Mr enwu silo had charge of the 1aCrieg, provided refreshments, both slid ao:l -iuid, of excellent quality. Side saws were not very prominent, but Ieat to Frovide sightseers with a change ife ertlinment. In a tent were to be seen trse enormou specimens of humanity in the ,t~e of the children of a Gippsland resi :2:, th eldest being a girl ut 13years of ate and weighing 25 stone. The police a:z.:r-e t were admirable and nothing it cr?e;iS or discomfort of any sort was r?peenced. Some members of the Council A:rultulral Education were present, and tiircýlaguee as well as the district and the rnmembers of Parliament are expected to. S b. Sboined will be found a description of ?. e.atiits and list of the prizetalers in the arsses judged : Tax Exsars iHo-_ses.-Consequent upon the season Mdug eo far advanced, some owners no .?,iat did not compete, preferring to keep their stzalions on their ronads, hut the cohibits in the principal classes were both nmereus and good. For the champion pine, imprted or colonial draught entire, 7 vau of 10 entries faced the judges, and from the ouset it was evident that the task was ma light one. After inspection, however, the number was reduced to three, and eventually the palm was awarded to Hill's ekbracch. Oakbranch is by Peter the Grsar (imp.) out of Flower, and is a perfect model, his splendid frame, set on sound legs well rooered with hair always commanding addiration. -McCormick's Blue Ribbon, which was first at Stawell recently, had to he content with second, for though of fine j-ality and a taking horse in all other re -rects, his legs are weak and his want of mnviag power condemned him. The third place was taken by Peter Eden, a os?mpact black horse, buhat rather small. oi.agst the exhibits unplaced were Hmid's Brown Ben and Bodey's Lowland lad, which found frxor with mauny of the onlookers. In the Colonial entire section Iacr entered the ring, Lowland Lad who won prde of place being placed first for his opicaid all round qualities, including grand action. Forsythe's Young Prince Charlie by -'rineC harlie. dam by Heather.Jock, was awe?rd secons,his splendid legs being much dnamired. With sueh horses as the prize in?ers in the principal sections,-farmers need bare no fear of a deterioration in stock. I~ehe's Wallace III gained firitin the three ;ar-olds, lobba' Laddie: being the only Other exhibit. For the two-year-olds there were only three entries, and it .was an easy m,1 to place a magnificently furnished ?pc:imen (Kaye'e Liird of Strowsn) by Blue Bibbon, dam Highland Jenny by Pride of Solland, first This horse was much admired and nwill no doubt be heard of again when time helps him over his extreme youth. .F. Cornell's bay was deservedly awarded seed. Seren brood mnares were shown, five l them being of good quality, the prize rcng to a roomy mare with splendid hind ss-tersb, exhibited by R. Ellwood, of King atn. The second went to Winm. Fraser, leearonth, and the third to James iodey's relliknwn and iueful grey. In the dry r-are ectivD, out of three exhibits, W. H. likhchel, of Kingston, took first with Lady ingaton, three years old, and James Bodey oarried off second honors. The prizetakers eshibitcd by D. Whyte for pair farm asols ere splendid specimens, whilst most fl thý othErs Ehown wece well worthy of =mnt-on. The three year old gelding was cried off by James Bodey, and for filly M.e age, m. FrasEr was awarded first ;it . Eicdey second with a good stamp. Te prize for two year old gelding went to '- MlCormil:, and for yearling colt or filly E~pdZ !,ht en'erd the ring, most of them Mg pr,'"rmi'- of developing into valuable dimils; Jas. Harper, of Dooen, securing '-!r-Mld T. McCcrmick, second. IU Lo3 stoc-k, Bunge's handsome chest itCo'u.tryman seeured first, with Reichan's 'm-Ver secoad, and Jeasell's Belmont trd.W. Andrews, Breswiek, with a taking =0 on-icl off the honors in the three year d, atnd Geo. Laing in the two year old '-a BUTne'3 Brigantine won pride of 1--a for th:oronhbred mare. The remain iafolr sections were all judged, but owing 't goBs u1i?osanagement-somewhere, the ?wsards' h~ok wLa not available last night, SV' are con?squently unable to give the L,:.& .- - - s tEnal the jumping conte~te' were ~ .~ly awaited as the most attractive :retoman eEpctatccrs The fist compe. cMn ?as fr er pies 14 hands or under, and U n l .rge master with youthful jocks O-iatothet ring. Many, however, were Sdi.aluitint, but M'Cabe's - Teddy , -Un by Yoeng Reynolds, Smith's Bonny !- I Pilven'sSally Braas ,proved them ,ta-it nil. to the test required, and it :ord that eome diliceulty would be ex l"-edby bthe judges in deciding. A final Cen bmy?d ty e three, however, gave SrC:ces bav n easy fi ore led from tee Eamit to igthe htrdlesin treue racing ar eys gafining a tgoodrseoed oand I1 cm's third ' dan r greater nterest was taken in the hau?ter setion. Miss McClounan, on b be Crayfish, sent him rather slowly -t sthardly but he maniagedi tolereep n r Impmia soplendidly afterwards when g t a kitter pace. laud, ridden by J et: 3IUc!~unnan, provedt herself a Serr fencer, s did Liten to-Mle, with Miss e's in the paddle. The old favorite, ? a~ uual, took his. jumps in a \-- sty-le, and was spleididly .e y Jri ý.:Era,2ey, who was unani .ard^c pide of plaee for best r ,, ý cý t t he only -other iexhibit, jw'i, devlined the first..hurdle., The -=d eur were then-sent round in i tae n their jumps.cleverly, the 17\. fg lin favor of Listei.to-me S aend Terh were sent another roimnd ., 8d place and the grey, now warmed k.uraogd ai g racing style and was t- h hoe prize, with Turk third L te°et ies in the 11 stone hunter it hceose entered the ring. The n atractive looking fences, t d in height, with a tiff flat rail on d dreaed up with pine branchee, ?e. like brash and deceiving to the as wasproved in the first t The S DV Cart-r's grand looklg dark i' o wo.ith . Smith in the saddle, b"' g 'tWted the flinrt jump splendidly, \+ th. k -conend heavily and came A it rder- doubled underneath ta t G, it was feared that Smith's a ; ro1E bl alter a little attention -'heCro; r_ rL'egIed consciousness and ll? ,ospitf.al,aparentlyseriously 1 llho~ .... ,_ earing succe ssfaully, e. Bae en -'os~-ell with Af. Reid . C' iat ai te second "fene ~mdl ': ater Giel (Cc Eell).and Poor grl '. L±0 lnenc :splendidly, beet Pbl-d-e ._ ma, cais usuallaready. ýjh' ý~ and raJsddiqn `tDe S A. rrett, went round gwithout a mistake. Mr Miller's b. mn. Coming, with A.: tes in the saddle, was next sent end went the round without a touchb. A stiff g b gre the ghost," owned by tdwoo e ros.,and ridden by J. Dashwood tred next and contrary to the expectations af goThi many knowine ones got round y. Thi horse struck the first two jumpu lightly but clearedthe 1third isa Style that inducadthe jdges to give him another trial. Thc itte bay mare, Jennie Blle from King ston, owned by J. If. McAndrew, and ridden by his son, was next sent and after being de ceived by the appearance of the first jump, which she eventually managed without a baulk, to scramble over, cleared the other two like a kangaroo amusing the spetators considerably by her peculiar style of jump ing. O'Callagnsn's Sir Donnelly with J. Jellett in the saddle, ailed over the t o t juthirmp in his sual safe style, but struck bhe third, landing his ridet on his neck, but ortunately Jellet managed to scramble Aack and averted a fall. Fairfax, ridden by A. Rted, was the last orse sent. in the first trialand thebrown cleared the juinpsin astyle that promised well for his chance in the honors, Maud was sent again and cleared each of the jumps without a touch. Water. Girl, with something like 14 stone on her back was next, but in this trial the mare struck the first jump heavily, land ing her rider on her neck, but went on and after knocking the rail of the second fence,fiew over the last like a bird. Poor Lass raced over the first two jumps in splendid style, but tipped the third very lightly. Deceiver baulked at the first try, but on being sent again tipped the first slightly and cleared the second and third in good flying style. The mare Coming cleared the first and third jumps well but hit the second. The Ghost went over the one, two,and three jumps in splendid ityle without the'slightest graze and Jennie Belle followed with a similar performance. Sir Donelly jumped the first two cleverly hbut touched the third very slihtly. Fairf was again last to try, and after light'y tipping the first two, knocked the rail out of the third and came down, bringing his rider J. Jellett to grass, and striking him on the face, fortu nately, however, without doing him any serious injury. The judges then came to the conclusion that the. sun had sunk so low that jumping was becoming dangerous and after striking out all horses but laud, Poor Lass, Coming, The hest, Jennie Belle, and Sir Donnelly, decided to postpone the contest until this morning. The jumping, considering the slippery state of the grass and that the sun was, at the second jump directly before the horses, was very good, and this morning a splendid contest may gobe expected between the half dozen left in. In 14 sTons hackneys H. A. Wilson's eoxu hibit had an easy win, though. Meredith's B. A. mare had many admirers. The -11 stone hackney prize was also a foregone con elusion for J. C. Young'e. Arguo, Meredith again taking second. Tully's Listen.to.lMa carried off the lady's hackney award, fol lowed by I. A. Wilson's Entry. J. Caffrey's Phenomenon scored a victory in the roadster section his free moving being much admired, and the improvement all round since last year being very noticeable. J. McDonald gained second place. W. Bodey's Wint?i Lake was awarded a first as a Cleveland without competition, but would take a lot of beating on any ground. The prize for pair of buggy horses went to W. H. Marks, of Woerak, with a well matched pair of greys, WV. J. Carter's well-known 'grey and dark bay, splendid goers, obtaining, a good second. Thos. Robertson, Penhurst, secured first place for pair buggy- ponies, with D. Whyte second, whilst for single buggy horse Doyle and' Fraser were awarded.. the prize. E. Larkan's handsome grey poney obtained firatin his section. with S: Carter next. MIACrINERY AND bIrLMiENrsT.-The ma chinery; and implements on tho 'ground made a good show in themselves, and from the fact of, some. being in niotion, this part of the 'grounid attracted coniaider able attention. The local manufacturers fully upheld their previous reputation, and were able to show that they possess the enterprise, and can entertain the. servicesof skilled ,workmen sufficient-to , keep their labor saving appliances abreast of the require? ments of the time. Three mallee rollers were shown, each presenting points peculiar' to itself and making it a difficult matterfor the jdges:toaward the departmental prize of £10. All were manufactured,: ii. the district, trio bing made in Horsham and the third at Warracknabeal. The latter, Messrs S. Simpson and Soas, has a width of 9it, the heavy upper frame being 14ift. away frome the tail of the team;'"which' gives good leverage, 'tlie 'whole' beieng; off the ground and, running- on' wheels which are guarded.: by stays, .;.the?., off wheel protection being extra strong. The mallee roller shown by lr A. Hocking is prosvided with a .pole instead of chaina for the tean and two wheels. It has a very high opper frame which the maker claims, it- wilhl hhave a.better effect in bending down the mallee, and lessening the draught. - Messrs May -and Millar's roller has a front wheel which isfitted with a pivot enabling it to turn on its own ground, and gives this implement a great advantage. The roller' is'l0ft wide and a chain is at tiched, enabling the weight of the draught to be taken'off the corner. It won the field trial at Nhill.' These rollers will' probably all compete at the field trial at Dimboola next week when the. merits of each.will be put to the test. May; and Miller also show a chaffcatter, cornerusher, and three strippers); also a Hornsby's reaper' and binder, and three winnowing machines-one, horse power, and two hand. May and Millar also have. a capital seedscreen dresser,and the only horse hoe that was exhibited, the remainder of their machinery being summed up by an; earth scoop, a bag elevator, bag loader, jack truck, and bag jumper, and two horse works. Among the implements the same flim were placed second to Kelly and Preston, of Bal larat, for the departmental prize for three furrow plough; a very excellent handled double furrow plough being shown and a couple of useful cultivators, as well as sets of heavy and light harrows, and a fieldroller. Considering the value such iniplements are to the settler in the mallee 'ountry, it is no wonder that claims to the invention of stump,- jumping ploughs and harrows have been innumerable. -Mesars Mellor Bros -of Adelaide have .'however es tablished their position by law, and all those shown on the ground-a goodly array indeed-have to, pay them a' royalty. Mellor Bros themselves have one fitted with several attachments, enabling the plough to beadjusted so as to work in. heavy or light ground. S. Simpson and Sons, Warrack nabesd, show a double furrow stump-jnmp plough well balancedlon wheels with extra strengtli:and :simplicity of construction; a harrow, the?'heel of which allows anything up to seven-inches high to pass under with. out catching, and which covers ]Oft of ground and pulls very lightly and with four horses; and a 7-tyne scarifier adapted for opening new or old ground, the tynes being put in zlg-zag in order to prevent clogging. Mr A. Hocking, Horsham, is well represented in almost every section in the machinery ancd implement class, as the following enumeration will prove:-A scarifier which has been exhibited for 7 years here and never lost the prize, the beams are crank so as to admit of the feet running straight, a stump-jump se rifier raised high enou2h to clear small stumps and stubble; which took first prize at Nhill on the 23rd inst;, in the field trial, beating four others; stump- jump ploughs, double-furrow and three-furrow, the latter with high wheels rendering the draught light, and the former having an attachment by which the fLrrows can be made two or three different widths, this:also was successful at Khilllast week against- local and Adelaide makers; two very handsome single- furrow ploughs, and two lever double-furrow ploughs (the only local exhibits in these sections); a self-acting stump extractor to be worked by one man; sets of harrows and stump-jump harrows; a self-acting earth scoop on wheels worked with two horses ; a bag jumper and the on.y resping machine made in the Wimmera; a chaffeutter and four horse works, one with what is known as an intermediate motion, making the draught lighter and the cutter to revolve mach more rapidly. -Mr Hocking has also a stripper, most excellent of its kind and beautifully got up, with all the latest improvements; a winnowing machine worked with horse power, having a straw shaker in the box, and two very handsome winnowers, one with a "caving head," attached, worked off a drum spindle with cha'n belt for threshing the heads that may come through. This Eaves the -gran .and makes no pig feed. Mr HIoeking is the only exhibitor of a coi plete irrigation plant comprising a bnuek scraper, a V drain cutter and land leveller and a porretful hand pumpi, and, this collection will well repay attention. He and Mr. D.. Edwiards of: Melbournire,'h5IVC),A speeimen ea'lciof a very useful implement for levelling ground in crab holeycountry. Messrs Beard and Sisson, Natimuk, bold their own with a host ofvalnable iamplteen*s I snd, seein . The,-Mhse T » a damp weather attachment very ingenious and Useful, one belt does the work in wet or dry weather and by an arrangement the belt ean be taken off a friction pulley without necessitating any shortening process or stopping of the machine at all, and then it is available for dry work. Another stripper exhibited by this firm, the principal parts of which are of steel, wen four first prizes and one second prize in five matches. The horse works are adjusted with many excellent improvements, among which may be mentioned an arrangement for clearing the chaffIutter and an adjustible mouth piece. They show a two-horse uower engine to work a medium chaffcutter,and a three-horse power for thresher; a winnowing machine ; a three funrow plough tnd a double furrow (handle) plough. BRard and Sison are to the fore also in the stump jumping sections, showing two three-furrow and two double furrow ploughs, and harrow.. Mr Powell of Minyip, has some excellent ploughs on exhibition, being represented in tho principal classes, as well as showing a set of light harrows and stump jumping scarifier.. Mlellor Bros. have a stripper which deserves some attention. It is ;,well adapted for clean threshing and has a patent regulating screen for. cleaning the various samples of grain. Mir .Ling of ?oradjuha has at work under steam a portable thresher and elevator, with 8-horse power engine. It is a quick worker and gets throigh 300 bags a day, and it is claimed for it that all dirt is taken out. In England, whence came our models, there is njst so great a necessity to provide for much chaff,: the climata .not beinglso exceptlonally dry. Here where it is, Mr Laing has arranged his inachine iwith double riddles and a blast on each riddle to get rid of this shperfluity; and last year wherever he competel he beat all his English rivals. T. Pobinson, 31elbourne, is the only house making this class of: work, and.-Mr Laing conies from there. He only started last year and deserves' support for the com plete nanner 'n which he turns oit. his macnmnes. Dingle, Laverick . and , Co., of Balllrat, had a mowing -machine with a bridle attachment ..to . allow of equalisation of draught, and another for taking up any lost motion in the eye' of tha knife after being worn out. - The same firm show a chaffcutter with ni adjustible mouth piece and cheek steel in conjunction; it also has an arrangement for reversing the feed rollers without stopping tile machine. These rollers come right down on to each other and there is a bevelled cheek slot,which prevents clogging. A cornerusher of th:s firm has a new principle in being fluted, and the stand is fitted with reversible brass bearings. Humble and Nicholson of Geelong have a a stein thresher and elevator in motion. with a 4 h. power portable engie and a 2J h. power vertical engine- on a principle in vented by Messrs P. ' and G. '.uttoin, of Seymour, which , should prove' use ful. to farmers in sawing timber. The enine is very, c"ompact ' and can cut logs in all positions and from a monarch of the 'orest to a sapling, and itan be:worked by a man and a boy. Their wool press (Ferrier's patent) and that shown by P, Williams of Melbourne, are the only, two on. the ground; Mr George Glenister, of Horsham, has a stripper, and Mr W. Gazzard of Noradjuha,aset of light harrows and set of saingle bars. Among the irrigating plant will bhe found a very handy, oscillating pmnlp by.Gow .Bros., of .Melbourne :for 'watering cattle and sheep, and for irrigating gaidens. It is adapted for raising water from a shallow depth with very little labor; up to,2Sft.: ?SnEE. -a O' e of thenmost. prominent features of the' Grand National shew" is the excellent exhibition of sheep both as. regirdn' numbers and qgality. So great an imnrove lent .is' to be recorded in this direction nit, only in boused sheep. but in grass fed, pens';that it cannot fail.to encourage our: farmers to' persevere' in the' direction' 'of maintaining and improving the present: good standard. ?Tlhe bon. Phillip Russell took the champion prize with a splendid merinob ranm, Bushman, by a sbn of EMelbourne, age four years and four: months shorn thirteen months ago, and bred-at Carngham.'" This is a valuable animal" and 'secured' thg'it'o? departmehtal prizes of £10 each. W. H. Bullivant, of Longerenong, was awarded first honors for champion merino ewe, and took no fewer than five prizes, yesterday, besides the departmental champion prize of £10, for ewe, any age, and two second and two third prizes. These are all the progreny of a Wanganella ram, imported by him into this district four years ago. E. Simmons, of Drunpe Drting 'exhibited a i-am in the first ection with-well covered fr.iine and dense srowth 'dof' tine wol/ He Ctook second prizes with a two tooth ram and a grass fed ram any age, respectively.: The president of the society secured" first' prizes with pens of two-tooth rams: rind .ewes respectively. A. pen 'of fat sheep shown by this gentleman comprised;sheep off the Pine Plains;' mallee c'cuntry, 125 miles north of Hoeshaisi, ,and altlihgh lsheperded on account of wild dogs they yet-shosw what the mallee -country can" produce, ;in ordinary seasons and what they will'do, in the future when. the -dogs :are -destroyed " and the sheep allowed at--large. Evans and Leete, took first prizd ina'this 'lass: with five splendid. sheep, W..:'i;Carter taxing second with another good lot, lately shorn. L It Carter ,of Clones, aud'H. O. Walterd, of Hamilton. divided most of the prizes in the purebred Lincoln class, MoDo?gall Bros., of Minyip, showing some of excellent quality.* The whole seemed fit to compete on any show ground in the colony. Among the fat sheep must be mentioned the exceptionally good pens exhibited by Charles Bond, of Mackenzie Creek, and M. McIntyre,. of. South Brighton. Among the mcrinoes, E. H. Austin, of Ararat, showed some ewes of excellent frame and fleece, principally sired by No. 2 Prince; W. J. Carter had two fine grass fed rams and several pens of ewes not housed or clothed; M McIntyre, South Brighton, and Young Bros., Horsham, were well represented in the same class in the farmers' class the judges had the greatest difficulty in making their awards, the com-. petition being so close by reason of the all round excellent quality of the respective ex hibits. This was especially the case in section 13, merino ram, purely grass fed, any age, owned by farmers holding not more than 3000 sheep. D. L. Murray, of Telan gatuk. was given the preference, while L. R. Carter, of Clunes, took second and third, though the judges for the last place had much hesitation before refusing it to an ex cellent sheep of' W. and M. Jackman, Clear Lake. Among this class were to be seen very good specimens of the merino sheep shown by W. McClintock, of Longerenong J. F. McDonald, of Nurrabiel, D. T. McKen zie. of Burnt Creek, and F. A. Rae, of Glen orchy. As a whole the exhibition of sheep at the show is a most gratifying one; they are all well grown and show the beneficial effects of careful breeding. It is to be hope that the result will induce our sheep breeders to determine to make this department a prominent feature in all future shows at Horsham. The committee will do well to accept a suggestion made yesterday that crossbred and merino fat sheep should for the future be judged in different sections, and that different gentlemen should be ap pointed to judge long wool and merino sheep. M~IsCELLUxEOus.-In the miscellaneous department the sections were well filled, though the exhibits were not so numerous as those of last year. The exhibits of knitting socks and gloves were very good the gloves being especially worthy of note, as also the larger undertakings of counter. panes. In the crotchet work a large assortment of counterpanes, antimacassars (wool and cotton) petticoats, shawls, table nats and bootees were shown, a baby's outfit n blue and white wool being the gem of he collection and greatly admired. In plain sewing for girls under sixteon in the Wim. mern district, the exhibits were very creditable and evinced much painstaking and care, a little white nightgown and undergar ment being especially good-as also a boy's white shirt, the stitches being so small and so even, that at a glance one would take the work for machine made. In darned not there was agood display, the exhibit by Mrs G. W. Ward being very much admired. In crewell work there were very few samples; a gipsy table bordering and some cushions being very handsome. A large and varied assortment of fancy work was shown by Mrs H. Davis; some very fine work on fine white canvas; an effective crewelling on holland in two shades of red washing cotton and white; a night dress case in coffee-colored canvas and crimson ribbons ; a lady's dress ing jacket in pink and white wool, and a moss green mat being much admired. There was, in the extra section, a large collection of fret work by J. Bradshaw, Horsham, com prising a cabinet, knife box, glove box. brackets, &c.;, which were very fine, and an exhibit of butterflies, beetles, and spiders by Miss Alice Davey. Kewell, amongst which were some very rare and beautifully colored specimens which were greatly admired. A model of a cottage, made by J. Endall, Hor ?hamn and of a stripper by another exhibitor, showed .mch' ingenuity, and. were greatly admiued. Four fancy frames:in cork and cone sad eeds,' and qnoxidhngs w'ere very rttidy iaged, and the .colection of ast work pictures, &c;, shown by- Mrs Benson, comprising chinoleum on a bracket and plush picture frame, a crosn in alum, with a wreath of flowers, some beautiful pictures, an apron painted in oils, and" some naed frames were very handsome. A col lection of sea weed and flowers,by Miss lina Parker, of Horsham, was very pretty, as was also a cushion in ahaded greens by Miss Jane I Eagle, of Horsham. A pretty beaded cusllion in pale -blu plnsh Wras'hownby MJiss Maggie Tooby, of forihnm.- In macrame work there was a pretty, pile blue bracket byMiss, llay Little; also, a bracket by Mrs.H.'Davis. A case of emu eggs, some pretily carved, were very fine. Mr E. W. L. French showed a case of dental.appliances artificial teeth, &c.;, and a number of testi monials which he has received from eminent medical men. iMr,G. Schutze, exhibited (though not for competition) an assortment of Dr Jaeger's sanitary clothing which was much- admired. Mr Stainfield exhibited an .eslirgedphotograph, very well executed;" "- Wa' t of space compels us toh6ld over olitil next issue a descaiption of the exhibits in otherTclasses. / PRT 2 IP T. T 50'ri*, -/DjnnAA T SrOCG . -'' SStewards-MessamBH. B.-Kruger, and W. l'oright. .Judges-Msrs. 1. Swan D. Stewort,!"a a James'Ilooter. Importedor colonial entire, any dgo champion prize-G. H. .Hill, Noradjuha, Oak Branch, 1; Thomas hl'Cormnrack,Dean, Blue Ribbon (imported), 2.,Soreen exhibits Colonial entire, any age-W. T. Bode?, Jung Jung, Lowland Lad, 1;' Rt.Forsythe, Nurrabiel.,Young.YPiince Charlie, 2. No third awarded.?? Four exhibiti. Enlire, 3 years old-Johan Nuske, Katyil, Dijnboolo, I. :'sEntire, 2.yeais old-Archie Kayo, Elaine, Laird ofiStrowan, 1; T. F. Cornell, Dooen, Bay,2. / r Broad mare, any age -R. Elwood; Kings; on, Blossom, 1 ;YWm. Fraser;.Learmontli Grey, 2; James'Bodey, Longerenong; 2. Pair of -horses or(mares for farm purposes \--D. -Whyte, Dooen. 1.;-'James Allan, Pimpinio,, 2Paoul Harders, Dimboola, 3. Gelding, 3 years old-James Bodey, Longerenong, ,; W. T. Bodey, Jung Jung 2. Gelding or filly, 2 years old---T. M'Cor. mack, Dean, 1; James Bodey,Longerenong 2. Yearling colt or filly-James Harper, Dooen (colt), 1; Thomas M'Cormack, Dean, (colt), 2. ='"' , Best appointed horse, dray and harness P. Healey; Horsham; Il.. Team of foui :horses and farm waggon Jas. Allan; Pimpinio, 1. BLCOD STOCK. ' Stewards--1essrs P. hi. Fleming and J. B. Kelly. Judges--J. F. Cssen, A. Green field and R. Howie. Thoroughbred-entire hors, any age-Jno. Bunge's g(ouitrym.n;tShliep Rills, 1; G. Reichan's Gambler,-Dimboola, 2 ; E. Jessells Belmont, ,Murto', 3.. Thoroughbred qentire, 3 year old-Winm. Anders. Creswicik. Thoroughbred entire, 2 years old=Ueo. Ltug,-Horsham, 1. t'horoughbred mare,. "any..ge--Jno. Bunge's Brigantine. , : '' [Tho remaining sectiods iwere ji ded. bat 'he bok hid been uislaidor taken to.hii homo in the country by .nd6 of the.stewardO, and we were conaequoutly. unbll 'to:lcAdu the names of the prizetak'rsat'tho asecretary's office last night:] :''UNsTERS;-.HAbC EYS, BEUGYHOBSES, &c.; 'HYflacl?lev'?up to 14 stone-Hector,A. Wilson; Vectis, 1 ; A. Meredith, Horsliam, Hackney up to 11 stone- CJohn C.Young, Melbourne, 1; A. Meredith, Horsam, 2. Lady's hackney,--.lCM'K.Tull, Service ton, 1; Hectpr'A. Wilson,'Vectis 2. Trott iýorn roatisi. RsTallion-0. Caffrey's Phenomenon, Jim- oolal J. M'Donald, Nar'rabiel,2?- 2 / Pair?,'f buggy' Iorses--W. H. Marks, Woorl , 1 -W J. Carter, North Brighton, pfir of buggy ponies-Thos.~lolbrtoeis Penshurst, 1; D. White,1)o) n'2;''''' * Single buggy boroeJ)6yle & tri eor sham, 1. - '' ' ' Peny-E; .arlkEs Hiria, 1; Samuel Carte r aNelmer ' 2 V' i 2 PoAY', (to;'be' rinaen over hurdles)-P. li'Cabeb, I1 ,'C mith, 2. ~, Best, ippomted spring cart, horse and har nos-F' Williams, Horshamu, 1. tCleeeland entire, any age- . T. Bode T Winter Lake, J ung l .Ju Exf&L; _ Andrew Wilsoeer enrtCire pon Sterds-f 1e? '. immond and S H2.leator. Judges S. Bree and T Harding. Short-ho 11-J. Graham, Greendal,. 1; W. J Carter, North Brighton, 2..). Short horned bull, . 2 years old-J Graham, Greendale, 1. .' Short-horned cow --M3"dolliaad Whla, ria Wedderborn,:;W: J..Carter, 2. Short- horned liHifer -M'Holland; 'Wehla 1 and2.; ; vn HerefLrd' :bull,'3 years old and nupiards John Bushiy; Drung Drung; 1. . .,I : . rHereford .:cow, any ageohn Buishby, Drnng Druog. 1 Hereford liheifer,' .years old-John B Dshliy, Drung Drong, 1. "4. "Alderney? Bull,any age-L. IMILaughlin, Coburg, ;l; E.- H Austin, Ararat, 2. rAlderney 'ow, any age-L. bl'Laughlin, Coburg,,. Alderney heifer, 2 years old-L. M'Laugh in,, I .. Ayrshire cow, any age-M Treac6y, Horsham, 1. / VY Dairy cow' in li "milk..-J: H. Fox, Ilorsham, 1 and2)'(Cowawere milked.) Pair of at t-%attle--Evans and Leete, Horsham, 1j Samuel Carter. Walmer, 2. I DOe. Steward-Measrs W. Brgin end Johni Carter. Judges-J. McPheesWV. D Alt~; W. McClintock. " Sheep dog or slut.-Georgn Eagle, North Brighton, 1; D. T. ?.'Kenzie; Burnt Creek, 2\. ,z '-. - Cattlo. do "oi"ýl?t:--W. T. Bodey, Jung Jung, i "P: Healey, Hosllam, 2. Greyhouiid dog or slut.-Thomas Brown, Ho~ihami, 1; George Noblett, Horoham, 2. Best terrier dog or slut.-Wm. Casey, Horsham, 1; Broadbent Bros., Horsham, recommended for 2. ,-73 Ct' .:iW.1XT.:.. .T t d, "iJ! Evans and Leete,, Hraham-Newfound land dog, recommendtled. J. HI. Miller, Horsham-Dalmation hound, recommanded. P. R. Stevens, Horsham-Spaniel. W. Hughes, Lubeck-En lish setter. J. R. Barker, Horashim-Water spaniel. i. C. Fogarty, Wendouree Parade, Bal larat- Irish setter. BUGGIES, CARTS, &C.; Stewards - Messrs. Bushby and John Carter, Judges - Messrs. Doyle and Elliott. Double-hooded buggy-G. F. Pickles and Sons, Melbourne, 1 and 2. Double open buggy - Abraham Greed, Hamilton, 1; Geo. Glenister, Horsham, 2. Single-hooded buggy - Abraham Greed, Hamilton, 1; G. F. Pickles and Sons, Melbourne, 2. Single open buggy - Geo. Glenister, Hor- sham, 1; G. F. Pickles and Sons, 2. Waggonette - G. F. Pickles and Sons, Melbourne, 2; no first awarded. Best farmer's vehicle (two seats) - G. F. Pickles & Sons, Melbourne, 1 and 2. Farm waggon - Kelly & Preston, Ballarat, I ; May & Millar, Horsham, 2. German farm waggon - May & Millar, 2; no 1st awarded. EXTRA. H. & F. Bradshaw, express waggon. POULTRY. Stewards-Messrs D. McCalman and Jas. Young. Judges-Messrs R. Pudney, D. McNasghton, S. Glynn, DeCourcy Ireland. Brahmapootra cock and hen (dark) Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1 ; H. O. Walters, Hamilton, 2. Brahmapootra cock and hen (light) Mrs Alexander, Horsham, 1; Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 2; Franklin Bros., hon. mention. Cochin China cock and hen - Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1; Joseph Loader, Wail, 2; H. O. Walters, Hamilton, hon. mention. Dorkings, cock and hen-- Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1; H. 0. Walters, Hamilton, 2. Black Spanish cock and hea-Franklin Bros:, Sebastopol, 1 and 2. Polish fowls, cock and hen, white, crested, or black-H. 0. Walters, Hamilton, 1; Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 2. Polish fowls, cock and hen, any other colour-H. 0. Walters, Hamilton, 1; Frank lin Bros., Sehastopol, 2. Hondan cock and hen-Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1 and 2. Hlambnrghs, golden pencilled,cock and hen -Franklin Bros., 1. llamburghs, silver pencilled, cock and hen -Franklin Bros., Sebastopol,J . Hanmburghs, golden spangled, cock and hen-Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1; F. A. Rae, Glenorchy, 2. Haimburghs; silver spingled.cock aindJe. -Franklin Bros., Sebastopol, 1; Joseph Loader, Wail, 2. Game, black red-Geo. Noblett, Horsham, 1; Franklin Bros , Sebastopol, 2. ,;Oame (duck-wing), cock and hen.-Geo. Gleaister, Boraham, 1; Thos. Malone, Horsham, 2. Game (any variety), sock and ben.-H. O. Walters, Hamilton, 1 Geo. Laing, Horsham 2. Game bantam cock and hen.-George Glenister, Horsham, 1 ; Franklin Bros., 2. Bantams, any other variety, cock and hea. -?B. Hardingham, 1"; no second awarded. Drake and duck (Muscovy)--Mrs. Reynolds, Dimbosla, 1; S. Reynolds, Lubeck Drake and duck (common)-James Lee, North Wail, 1; Mrs. Parker, Horsham, 2. Turkey cock and ben-Mrs. Reynolds, Dimboola 1 ; Mrs. J. S. Lawson, Kewell, 2. Ersx : " . George Glenister, Horehaim, red pile games, 1. Gee. Glenieter, Horsham, Pair Silver Antwerp Pigeons,1:' --- . 1' Hugh Wilson, Nurrabiel, Pair Doves, 1. Martha Sulmane , Green- Lakes,"Aylesbury ducks, 1. G La T. P. Snlman; Greien Lak~ , Aylesbury ducks. - . ... B. Rogers, Horsham, Guinea !Fowls;' 1i Franklin Bros.;' Sebastapol, Black: Hain burgs, 1. Franklin aros:, Sclastaio Brown Leg hores, 1. Franklin Br6osu Sebastapol, ''White Legj horns, 1. F?ranklin Bros., Sebastopol, White Dork ange, 1. bFranklin Broas;' Sebastopol, Pair of Ayjles bury Ducks, 1. Stewards. -- Mesars R. Clark,- jun.;"A. Laidlaw, aidd .: '. J. Little. ':Judges MIesrsWnm. Macdonald, 'Thib6as Phillip. Wmi Jeffery' A. Turnbull and W. Phillip. Merinb ram, any ir'e-Phillip Ruosell, Carngham, 1; W. H. Bullivant, Longere nong, 2; L. It Carter.'Clunes,- 3.. Merino ewe, any age-W. H. Bullivant, Longerenong, 1 and 2; Philip. Russell, Ca'rgham,, 3. Merino ram, two-tooth-W. H.Bullivant,' Longerenong, 1; Ed. S Smmons, rDrung Drnng, 2. . . Merino ewe, two-tooth -W. H. Bullivant, Longerenong; I'" M . M'Intyre, Soiith Brighfo3, 2. ' ; Grass-fed Sheep, neither housed nor clothed. Meorino ram, any, age-L .. ,.'Carter, Clanes, 1; Ed. Simmons, Durig Dring,'2; W. H. Bullivant, Longerenong, 2. Merino ewe, any age-W. H. Bullivant,. Longerenong, 1; E. H. Austin, Ararat, 2; W. J. Carter, North Brighton, 3.i ;. , Two merino rams, two tooth- Samuel Carter, Walmer, 1; E. H. Austin, Ararat, 2; W. H. Bullivant, Longerenong, 3. '- <: Two merino ewes, two-tooth-E. H. Austin, Ararat, I; W. . Carter,. North: Brighton,, 2; D.: Simpson, Border Town, .SA., 3. . Five merino rams, 'two-tooth-Samuel Carter, Walmer, :1;W. 'J. -Carter, North ,Brighton, 2. ,-.: -Five- merino- wes,--two-tooth-Samuel Carteir,. Walm'errl;...' J. Carter, North SBrighton, 2 ; E H. Austin, Ararat, 3. Ewe with lamb at foot-W. H. Bullivant, Longerenong, "1:; Youig Bres.;'!Hbraham, 2, Challenge Cdp.-To ibe "won'- twice. Two merino eas', 2:tooth. neither housed ,nor clothed, ahd :not shoiwn ion any other section- -W.)JCarter, North Brighton,'. Farmers' Class.-For farmers -owning not' S more than 3,000 sheep and.purely grass S fed, neither housed nor clothed. - 1 ' i Merino'ram, any ag DL'nrray |Telngatulil 1; IL R. Carter, Clunes,'2 iind 3\. Some difficulty wia experiendcd by tyhe' judges ini deciding between iithe first anid osecond "prizes, :.and also'between' Messrs, .Carter's'aid Jacknian's fo6rthirdl rize. .' " e Merino 'ewe,' any age-IL." ' Car'r, Cluines':l and -d?2; Wm. M;Clihtbclc, Loii-' gerenong,' 3. The;'jddgesh hil' great diffi culty' in' deciding. between first and second ;for'first prii. _ '.-. : t wmerinorams,i - t"h17-?rCrter-" Climne, 1'; W. 'M'Clintdck,'LiLngerenbng, 2\. The judges did- ibt-think any of these :exhibits worthy of fiat prize, but'Jas it' " was a special prize thy awAarded as aiv .' ''' 'Two merino ewes, 2-tooth L.'aIL?.i trs Cluines, 1;: W; M'Clintock, 2 i '"' Five merino ewes, two-tdbth-LB. Carter, Clne's, .11 ? .. ;: ' :,, ' . SChampion' ram, any age--Philip Russell, Carnghai.n . .^ *, Champion ewe, any age-W. H. Bulli vant ,Longerenong. \- -.. Lo- ng_?Vools-Gra.FYed-i? .?1.'-''.. Ram, any age-L: 'Cartei;rOlune, I. Ewe, any age-H. O.Walters, 1.-- S-Two rams, 2 -t4th-H.'O.'Wditera, Ham ilton, 1 ;. 1. & Carter, 2. - % ... 'Two ewe,'2-tooth-.L R.' Cirter, Cliuns,' 1; H. 0. Walters, HAmilt6n;2:;'::'?:' SFat Sheep. S,Pe- fie fat sheep, any breed- Evans and SLeete, Horsham, 'l; ,W. J..Carter, North 'lrighton, 2. Ini futurel the .judges recom. mend that' fat" sheep, bo placed in two classes-crossbred and merino. P, en,.five fat.. lambs-Samuel Carter, Wal-er, I ; V. J. Carter,- Nrth rightor, i Stewards--Mesrsr.-James Allan and T. Hpdby. ? Judges -,A: Murphy,' J. Cock; and E. Clliver. Boar,-any age, large breed-Jas. Fry Neilys, 1 and2. t Sow, any age, large breed-Jas. Fry, New lyn, 1 and 2; Sainmuel Carter: recommended for 3rd prize. Boar, ,eniall breeid-Samel C "r,,Wal Sow, emall breed--Samuue' Carte?;.Wal mer, L Sow, largeibreeda S ith litter o pigs? ?ader eight Weeks old-Jas. Fry," Newlyi. 1' Evans and'Leete, Horsham, 2. Sow, small breed, with litter of pigs under eight weeks old--No entry, i HA Ess,SADDne my.. __E &s.; _ StewardsJMessre Nuzum. and ?Bigby Judges-W.' S Davidson, T.:W.:u1rdue, A Bone.. Collection' of. hari'ei?is'anide 'ddlery ± D:'.M'Calmnp,:Ho hami, ;;' `ThTomnas ain SLady's saddle aln' lridle-Thomas Kain .hill, 1 D.M'Calman, Horsham, 2.' - " Gentleman's saddle and bridle-D: M'Ca l mar', Hoishanim 1; Thomas Kain, Nhill, '2. " Set double buggy harness-Thomas' Kan, Nhill,'l ;D. M'Calman ,foraham, 2. SSetsingle buggy harness-Thomas Kaini, Nhill,? 1;D. M'Calman, Horsham,- 2. ' Set of plough harness-D. M'Calma: Horsham, 1; Thomas Kain, Nhill, 2. " " EXTRA. D.:M'Calman, Horsham, set of harness, 1: Thomas Kain, M1hill, set of harness, 2: iD. M'Cal man, Horsham,stallion harness,i. SD. M'Calman, Horsham, six dray collars; made by exhibitors' apprentice, 1. iD. M'Calman, Horsham, six Yankee dray collars made by apprentice, 1. iD. M'Calman, Horsham, two Yankee dray collars, 1. Stewarids-lesrs. Jas; Johnison and' j Nattrass--Judges -D.Bonh, M1.Bodey, A, Filmer, and H. ExcelL Portable steam threshing plant complete -Thos. Laing, Noradjuha, 1 ; Humble and Nicholson, Geelong, 2 Strippr - B?ead and Sisson, Natimuk, 1; May and MIillar, Horsham, 2; Joseph Nicholson, Mielbourne, 3. Mlowing machine-Geo. Munro, Ballarat, 1; F. Mason, Sydney, 2. Winnowing machine (horse power)-May and Millar, Horsham, 1. Winnowing machine (hand) - Joseph Nicholson, Melbourne, 1; May and Millar, Horsham, 2. Chaffoutter-Dingle, Laverick, and Co., Ballarat, 1; John Buncle, North Melbourne, 2. : Corn crusher-John Buncle, North" Mel. bourno, 1; Dingle, Laverick and Co., Balla. rat, 2. ' Horse works--Beard and Sisson, Natimuk, 1; Joseph Nicholson, 2. (The remaining sections to be judged to day.] IMPLEMENTS, &C.; Stewards-Messrs M. M'Intyre and A. W. Walters. Judges-J. Russell, J. Treadwell, J. M'Cliro, J. T. C. Heard. -, Three-furrow plough.-Kelly and Preston, Ballarat, 1; May and Millar, Horsham, 2. Doublo- furrow plough (lever).--elly and Preston,'BAllarat, 1; G. Munro, Ballarat, 2. Double-furrow plough, (handles).-Beard and Sison, Natimuk, 1; A. Hocking, Hor sham, 2; May and Millar, Horsham, hon. mention. Single plough.-A. Hooking, Boraham, 1; A. Hocking, Horsham, hon. mention. Cultivator or Scarifier.-David Edwa.rds, Melbourne'; ; A, Hocking, Hersham, 2. Set of light harrows.-J. Booth, Wallan, 1; Kelly and Preston-.Ballarat, 2. -SeiOf hCeay hlarrows.-J. Booth, Wallan, 1; May and Millar; Horshao, 2. Field roller.-May and .'Millar, Horslaam, S;F.'Modr?a, Hdrahaii, 2. lsiplement forlevelling crab hley ground. -Al Hod~ngHTBrshaa Davkl Edwirdz, CelbonrB;.--ot.'MWn '+. .o ,.; ,. bourne. ' S Implements for malle, country. Roller suitable for. breaking down maile| sorub.--S. Simpsea and Sens, Warracknabsal and A. Hocking, Homsham, divide 1st prize.. Stumpnjemping plough (three furrew).-A. Hocking, Horsham, 1; May and' Millar, Horsham, 2. Stump-jamping plough (double-farrow).- A. Hocking, eronsam, 1; Iay- and. Millar, Horshanm, 2. Stump- jumping harrows.-S. Simpson and Sons, Warracknabeal. Stump-jumping--scarifer.-A: Hocking, Horsham, 1; S. Simpson and Sone, Warrack nabeal; hon. mention. Champion-Prize The largest -and most successful exhibitor ofimplements.--: . . .. Implements Extra Section. Scarifier harrows.--May and Millar, Horsham. Four-furrow astump- jumping plough.--S. Simpson and Sons, Warracknsbeal. \- Three-fuirrow steel balance plough.-S; Simpson and Sons,-Warracknabeal. Sot of swingle bars.-W. Gxzsard,, Igorid. fuba. FARM 'RODUCE, DAIRY PRODUCE, &cC..; Stewards-Mesra 3. S. Bowden; and Win C. Carter, junr. Judges-Mesar W. Bell, Thomas Geddes, and J. Julian.' Cheese, not less than 50Oba.-Mrs John Matheson, Drung Drung, 1. ; Mrs J.-. M. Carmichael, 16urton Creek. 2. Butter, fresh" (3 lbs)-Mrs j: M. Ca michael, 1; Mrd-W. Sanders,. Vectia Esst, 2 ; Mrs -Donald Grant, Rupaniyipi, 3 ; Mrs F. W. Muegel, Gymbowen, specially re-. commended, but disqualified through being inlump.: " J Three pounds fresh buter without salt Mrs McKenzie, Burnt Creek, ;1;i. Mrs Hoskins, Jung Jung, 2. .. Potted'nutter' not lea thai,25llia-Mrs John Matheson, Druing, Drung; 1; irs' M. Feery, W indermere'2. , SFaney Bhtter-Mrs C. F: Smith, Pimpinio, mention. "'L " ? " ; Two' hams, exhibited by curer--Fik Williams, Horsham,' 1;' Mrs . H. Sletor, Kalkee 2. Ham, exhibited byfasrmers only J. Graham, 'Green'dale,` . Robert Elliott, Lake Lonsdale, 2 Side of beacon, exhibitedby curer ?Frank Williams; Borshamhai 1; Evans:and Lete, Horsham 2. 'S::': ": Side of bacon, to be exhibited and cored 'by farmers only Henry Knight?; Dooen, 1; HGry Kniht; Do i?n 2, . S-Butchers' small 'goods-F: WPilliams 1.; Evanas and Leeto recommenided special menhtion. Xome'made bred' (lhbs)Mis J.:.Paul Tepper, Coroiby 1 ,Mr HI. Ecell, Kewalli 2 ; Mrs . I- Turner.'Hor?h~sii 3:.. :: . Seones (hoe-inmade)o wing ton dispute the judges withheld :their decisidn till to= ,day . Coilectiso'ot jams;, home made). -Mrs Fe Marshall, Horsham1; M- 'JS. i wsoin , Kewell, 2. Colleetion of asucs '(homiomade).Mfrs P. Marshall norsham, 1 Mrs A.Leslie,Wail. Collection' of pickles (ho mem?ade) Mrs P. MarahallHroham 1" .rsi Kearney, ,Horaham, 2:., Collction of preserved fruits iihememade) Mrs F: Marshaill',. Horsihu,1'; ;iss Bowden, Hrbsham,.: '' ..,,. "?.. 4lbs Ho0ney.-Miss" Ball,. Pimpini, 1; Mrs H. C; aneum Polkoesmet1 2.: One dozen hen eggs:,-rs IT Sanders ` 'On :"dozen dhuk: eggs.- Marth iSlmian, Green Lakeas.'l . Mary JaInereynolds, Dime; Mrs A: Leslie, WaUl'Ornge m?aralade Mrs A. Lesli e,.'WilCream cheese. .Miiss P., Sand...rs, . .ecti East Sca;, lded cream ,.. M `rs'A Leslief V ail---Apple Jslly. =CoLOi.AL Wners, 'ess,& ,Stswards, '-Messrs; J. Bowden,' '`l'd Vi: C Carter. Judges H. Altvater si Df.' 'Machay. ., .. . ±-euewine, six VottieS tory)-UO. Ljamng,. Heisham;' 1 ;H. H. Barret, Hohm,2; - I:'Red' wine, six bottles (sweet)-A. W.'F6 andi Co.,Emn Creek,'Bendigo '.1 Frontig iiac); i Geo. Laing, Horshabi, 2 (Muicat)'. *White wine, six bottles (dry) H . Bar rett, Horsliam 1' (Chablis); Ged.o Laiiig Horsham 2 (Yerdeilho): 'White wine, six bottles (sweet)-Geoe Laing, Horsham, 1 (VCTrdeillio); A. W Fox and Co., Emu Creek, Bendigoi 2 (White luscat) . Unfermented wine--A. W; :Foxr ' d''tCdo. Emu Creek, Bendigo;- 1 (Sacramentiil) Thos. Alderson and do., Bet Bet,2.' '':'"' Cask colonial ale—E. Seeliger, Horsham. Ga , : : G RoorTS, C. " :A SStewards-Messrs R. Clark; sen., a:'nd P. R. Stevens. ' Jdges-J. T.'"Collard iid' W .Duncan; " i ' ight 'bushels' of wheat-A. 'Poison, Ararat- Imperial prolific: 1'; 69j1bs. J a Lee, North Wail--New Zeland wheat, 2; 6891bs. Jackman Bros., Clear Lakle-Red straw prolific, 3; 68ilbe. IM. Abbott, !Lillimr, 4; 68flbs. i '.Eight 'bushels of oats Angu P 'olson ;Ararat, 1:;' 51, lbs. ' ; . : - ;' -'' I' ' *Eight h bushels : of English barley-J. Graham, Greeadale '. " , "" : •-Eight bushels 'of Cape barley-Angui Piolson, Ararat5'; "" :: " - i' " ;''.:" -Eight bushels of peas-ý-Mr Hgh Wilaon, NurrabieL.-;: 'Truss manger nay-A' Watt" CUloverdale (wheaten) :Twobagsof-flourexhibited by:thbemiiler -Jas. Fry and Co, Donald. Carrots (cwt) exhibited by grower-Hugh Wilson; NUrrabiel . Oranges (20) exhibited by grower-W. Drummond, Herhbain, I.. J;.Langlands, Horsham, recommended special. . . SLemons (20) exhibited by grower-J. Langlands,.Horsham. Collection iof- iegetables, exhibited' by grower --J. P. Cocks, Horsham. . Charles Kilby, 'Sandhurs-Winter -,-? ear s. SJ. i:- Cariichael,N ortbn Creek-Caele WAi A' Matts, Cloverdale-Prime, clean hay in sheafess ' " " A.. 'W tis; ýCloverdales haffed bay recommended forpiize. :'" : SJoeshia Warren; Kalkee--Chaffed hay. Hugh Wilson,' Nuirabiel " Maagolds '=' recommended for prize. F.. W. Megel, Uymbowen;=Turnips.': T. P. Sulman, Greenh Lakes.Hay' in sheav'es. T.'P. Sulman-Chaff? rLls CERTEnoUs. - Stewards-=Messrs J. Brake and James Keyte. Judges-Mesdames Harris, John son and Nuzum. Pair fancy worked slippers-No: prize awarded. Best three pairs hand-knitted stockings or socks-Rose Byrne, Coromby, 1; Isabella Grendell, McKenzie Creek, 2; Mrs J. Ellis, Dooen, 3. Best three pairs hand-knitted woollen socks, exhibited by girls under 16 years of ago-Agnes Cahill, Coromby, 1; Gustava Greondell, McKenzie Creek, 2. Collection of knitted work-Miss Elizabeth Ingram, Stawell, 1; Miss Groose, Drung Drung, 2. liss Annie Byrne recommended special mention. Exhibit of crochet work-Miss Ulia Sawyer, Horsham, 1 ; Mrs C. Smith, Hor sham, 2. Plain sewiing by girls under 16 years of age, and attending schools within the Wimmera District-Agnes Cahill, Coromby, 1; May Rogers, Coromby, 2 ; . Sophie Parker, Horsham, recommended. Exhibit of darned net-Mrs G. W. Ward, Horsham, 1; E. Smith, Horsham, 2. Collection of crewel work-Mrs H; Davis, Hersham, 1; Miss L. Parsons, Horsham, 2. Best collection of fancy work-Mrs H. Davis, Horsham, 1. Best exhibit of wool flowers--N Rogers, Hersham, 1. Hand Bouquet of wild flowers-Miss Ethel Langlands, Horsham, 1; L. Howard, Horsham. 2. Boy's writing-Henry Muller, Burnt Creek, 1 ; Henry Hausehildt, Burnt Creek, 2. Girl's Writing-Bertha Sanders, Veotis East, 1 ; Mabel Parker, Horsham 2. 2 MS?CETLLAEoMS. D. M'Donald, Rosebrook-:Two ;kangaroo. rugs, prize. -. D. M'Donald, .Rosebrook-Emu ,eggs,. J Endall,, Boraham -Modl. of cottage, priss Jane Eagle, Horbam-Tabby cushion, prize. Irs Nitschke, Neradjaha-Women's knitted gloves, prize. , Marie Parker, Hrorshsm- Collection sea weed flowers, prize. , 'Miss Alice Davey, Kewell-Buterflies and beetles, prize. Mrs Benson, Hoohanim-Collection of art work, pictures, &o.;, prize (very, god).: ,g : Mrs Benson, Horsh?am-ollection of. ed. work, prize., '. ,. . Ma e ,oy, Hordm-a- I work, tics P. BW.-L. Fnnmh, Horvham-Collection of articial teeth,. &c.;, lon mention. 