Novelist. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING. \------♦♦♦------ AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. \------♦♦♦---- Reprinted from "The Australasian" of 1867 by special permission.) \------♦♦♦------ CHAPTER XIV. NEWGATE. < Nwgfcta. How euggeative the very word I What MBOoiationa oluster round the name I How the heroes of the far-famed " Calendar " atari into Ufa at the very sound, and are viBioned before us in ail their pristine glory 1 How it bears the memory baok to the good ' old times, and bogeta a reverenoe for "The grand old law, the Bimple plan, That he Bhould take who has the power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glide before us as we breathe the myatio syllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheatb, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate 1 thou great school for the improvement of the mind upon the. mutual instruction system ; thou world of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of un known tongues; with thy ohoioe precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philo sophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to tho most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and the mansion itself beooming his mausoleum 1 More than onca have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet's words and found It easy to believe that there might rest "Some heart onee pregnant with celestial ? fire; Hands whioh the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstaoy the living lyre." I tyrce often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never Was so foreibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outBide of one or two of the modern-or model, it you like-palatial seminaries for ethical tution, ftnd the meretrioioua manner in whioh they were decked out appeared to mo to be a sort of oarved commentary upon their own weak- ( neas. But here, how different I No wide ! portals deplete with architectural ornamenta tion were opened for my reoaption. A. little ! wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in ft moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in siae, stood before me with a not unpleasant Bmilo upon his face. In those days photo graphy was not in the service of the prison, ana so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink, XhlB was done instanter-five feet seven and ft half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fait oomplexion, read and write, Protestant, born at Finohley, Middlesex, age sixteen, once in prison before for vagranoy, congenital brown mark on right- side near upper ribs and the picture was complete. I was then introduced to the reception ward, where there wore already three inmates. 1 was by jno means appalled by the look of tha plaoo. {bad been familiar worse in my non-pro. ' feeafonal days. There was accommodation calf for nine, if my memory serves mo rightly. The sleeping berths were contained In a three atoxied frame, and tbere were three rags and & mat to each berth, The . ward contained a flre-placa, but the weather being w%rm there was of aourse no fire, Oyer the fire pUea was a bust rudely aarved, which , my oompanious assured me waa a traditional likeness of Jack Sheppard. Above this waa a large board, on whioh was a painted notioa that any defacing or injury of the books triaeed in the ward would moefc with punish ment. U'/iat books were referred to I oannofc eay« for I never saw any, except in ehapel, daring my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary sale banging up by tho side of the ward door, and a glance at this convinced ma that the turtle-loving civio auchoritiea had framed it in a sympathetic spirit. I should liko to minutely record their uenerous bill of fare, but my memory U treaoharous, I know that the gcael was nioe and sweet, that the bread wae pood, and the raent and potatoes satisfying, \'fhe precise quantities I oannot now spaoify, 1 only passed one night in (he reception ward,1 and this I spent listening to the narrations of my companions, two of whom were in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for picking pockets. I must admit, however, that their language for the most part was in comprehensible to mo. The pickpocket de scribed how ho fanned a bloak'a kick, and then touohed him of & dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he made tracks like wiuken; that the bloak con tinued to give beofmont; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had slung the dummy; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so ho was fulliod to the start, and was sure to get seven stretoh on aocount of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, emaehng half bulla and counters, ringing the changes, &o;, I told them I didn't know tho meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greonncaa, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astonished them with somo of my own doings, and they soon do olared I was no flat after all. in this man ner passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after tho medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the reception-ward. There was the fire place, and tho painted board with the book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the ruga. There wero also two ta bles and four forms, which I remember ex ceedingly well, as the forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove-hftlf-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in tho ward, and when I en tered, eight of these wero employed at a well known prison game oalled " eoddem." As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from the general inmateB of the place, attention was immediately directed to wards me, # I oan bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerohief, which I afterwards ascertained was> a " beloher,"' had changed ownership, having been adroitly filohed from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the "dipping" line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bora the loss good- humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon beoamo quite a favourite with my companions, My I prison acquaintanceswore by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, j for when we were out in the airing-yard, which wa were half tho day, the inmates of three or four yards wore together. I don't pretend that xny virtue was muoh alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly was as tonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Publioly in the airing-yards lessons iftcrime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction principle, Tho burglar sketched upon the prison pavement tho instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained their various uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which hia branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpooket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in " buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in saying that tho zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of in struction so varied and so apt, the knowledge Imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners speoially devoted themselves to mo. One was a young man not muoh over twenty, good- looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its echolastio sense. He was one of tho moat expert piokpockets ia London, and was known as «' Sullivan tho Wire." Tho other was a middle-aged man j had been threo times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all tho brandies of prigism j was a shrewd man of the world with a fair amount of intelligenoo; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify orime; oarried on business in London as a "fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was suro to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teaohera, the ono giving practical lossons, and tho other en forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories, Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better oauso in instructing mo how to piok pockets. He was an adept at the buai nesa himself, and by constant practice I soon beoame as expert aa he was. I have never exeroisad my skill for my own profit in tho world except on one ocoaaion, when, having had my pocket book taken from ma on tho Melbourne racecourse by ono of a party of threo, I followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pooketa into the bargain, a regular "diamond-out-diamond" affair. My other Newgate companion Johnson the fence-was, in his teachings, of a far more d&ngevouB; character. In favor of crime he advanoed the same sort of argu ment that had oceurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however oun ningly I might entangle myself in my own sop hisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate oonviotion of their falsity. With Johnson it was other wise. His mind was so utterly warped that ho believed as he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own per nicious doctrines. Faith, either in the falsa or the true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, mada many proselytes. His argu ments on myself were thrown awav, for I have never confounded vioe with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I ooruposed several flash songs for tho great master linguist, to ba aung in the prison yard, bu> I now turn from then} myself with loathing, and cannot suppose that the reader would do otherwiao, These com positions wore more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed tho time in New gate. But what could bo expeoted? The aotlvitiea of the mind will employ themselves, and in the absenoe of everything good they are sure to oooupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it ia not muoh to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoners disoussed orime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for atill mora guilty deeds on our return to the world than those for whioh we were then awaiting onr doom, Thero was no attompt at classification, and as for some reason or the other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, by tho time the sessions commenced I had made the acquaintance of nearly every oommitted pri soner in the gaol. I thus had the criminal character before mo in a varioty of its phases; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any thero, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interest. Among the rankest weeda there wero still flowers struggling for exist ence-in the natures tho moBt depraved re deeming traits were to be found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain-heads whence flowed all its streams wero ignorance and poverty, (To be continued.) Dion Bouolcault bos been telling that his slender waist and youthful air duo to al« ways rising from the table hungry, Mr, Qorgo W, Ohilds has a complexion liko a fresh apple, and ho seldom oats anything at tho great (Honors ho gives, and touchoa neither ton nor coffee,-Sensible roan I 