TURF GOSSIP. Bv Acgcb. From a racing point ot view the Grand National Meeting was scarcely a success. The big' steeplechase, it cannot be denied, was a most interesting contest, but the Maiden Hurdle Race and Steeplechase were comparative failures, and the Y.I1.C, will have to devise some means to popularise these events. Lottie, who won the Maiden Hurdle Race, is only three years old, and this was her first attempt iu a contest of this description. She belongs to one of the best sportsmen in the Western district, one of the good old school, breeding and racing his own horses for the love of sport For this reason the victory of the Western filly was a popular one. The lad on Lapwing fairly threw the Maiden Steeplechase away, for when Wales had pat himself oat of court, and The Lowan had made a mistake, he thought he had it all to himself, and came along at such o snail's pace that the horse baulked. Then, instead of taking his horse back for a good run, he whipped short round, and the liorse refused twice; The Lowan was thus enabled to win at her leisure. The greatest performance of the day was that of The Yeoman in the Grand Rational Hurdle Race. His excellence I've more than' once acknowledged, but I never imagined that be was capable of winning such a race as that which he carried off on Saturday. Friction, undoubtedly a real good horse, had Sir Launcelot dead beaten .below the distance, but he hadn't the ghost of a chance with Mr. Cook's three year old when he came to him, and' I must confess that he fairly astonished me by the easy Btyle in which he won. Mr. Cook and his bead mau Prestwich were always, I think, rather con fident, and though I preferred the chestnut for the Maiden Hurdle Race, believing that it was too much of a task to set him to win the Grand National, the result has proved that his owner was quite justified in going for the rich prise, and I'm glad to hear that be won a nicfe little stake. Friction's per formance was a striking contrast to the figure he cut upon previous occasions when he appeared in public, and had it not been tor the presence of a phenomenal youngster in The Yeoman, the Queen&lander; would have won with ridiculous ease. All the public hurdle performers he held quite safe, and perhar Mr, Maraud is now satisfied that he is much better animal than he was led to believe Ariatides ran very indifferently, and seemed to me to be a tritle overdone. Dark ness performed fairly well, hat he was not at all a good third, and Whalebone mast have disappointed his friends by the backward position he held. There was one casualty in the rare for Distiller broke down b&dly;, and when The Yeoman was cooled down, he was so lame that be could scarcely walk out of the paddock; but I believe he threw off the lameness afterwards. The YeopianVform this autumn goes far to prove that the Messrs. Robertson, who bred htm, bare A good sire in Englishman, a soil of Epgtish Lecturer, who was the best stayer in England in his day. Springtitaeia a daughter of Spring blossom, a ' mare that ' many year? ago came into Kirk's Basest with a number of Mr. Grusaie's. They were not in the best of con dltioQi'and of thelot 1 fancied a mare by Fisherman fromMinette, more for her breed ing than her .good looks. They were going very cheap, andon my own responsibility 1 bought the mam for Mr. George Petty for something Uke'§2 guineas. She had three MrTjfc. De Mestre a handB and lint fine old sportsman Red-1 Btilk. He turned outoneof Bar-olds of Mr. De Mestte'a llllprpre in that dreadful gale , the' horses but Redwood >e were killed. Spring foal was Springtime, ana she yfroaan, so that 1 feel a the doings of Mr. Cook's £ though I must confess lie could win a Grand theory advanced by the relation to the Grand lechase , proved fallacious, un fair horse, is a long way " ~ i Game, and had he stood jptif he would have been >t$»e aepond, even if be got so close, ^secret.on the day that after ettopol is Promotion returned Kildare twice, yetCorrb weight might enable ns,.«pd hi thinks. atiiF sketched Royal Oak's evidently improved amotion, whpmhe ihr, gs .the, . they j#e$» Aftd, Mr. F. F. Dakin ia to be congratulated upon having added a Grand National Steeple-, chase to the many important victories he has gained upon the Australian (or!. It is worthy oE note that both first and second are by Postmaster, a eon of Panic, and Ma M.'Guin ness, who bred the winner, hns nlways'maiu tained that he was one of the best he ever raised, No sportsman in Australia better deserves to gain srch a victory than the Hon. William Pearson, who for nearly halt a century lias been a staunch supporter of racing and hunting, and who means business whenever his colours are up. To Mr. H. Ma wbey is due the credit of having Royal Oak introduced to Flemington, for he had seen the horse perform well in the West, and re commended Mr. Pearson to buy him. Mr. Dakin then journeyed to WarrnarabooJ, hod a ride on the horse, and was so pleased with him that he took him at once. He is half brother to P. G., who was a fair horse on the Hat and a pretty good one over hurdles. Pro motion ran a good horse, but he was not equal to conceding 111b. to Royal Oak. Had Flashlight been in the same perfect condition as the first two, the stake would probably have gone to the other side of the Straits. Of the horses that stood np the first perhaps beaten was Mernder, who would have had a much better chance had IL Watson ridden him as patiently as he rode The Irishman at Moonee Valley. In such heavy holding ground it was only natural that the weight and the pace should tire along-striding horse like Mernder, and when they began to race with him he collapsed at once. It seems, however, that Watson was not to blame for the horse tearing away in front, for the hook of the curb broke early in the race, and Mernderatonce rushed to the front Cupitt, on Royal Oak, allowed three or four others to have a cut at the big horse, and never made his effort until he entered tne straight, when he timed his run in admirable fashion. At the new fence past the abattoirs Royal Oak narrowly escaped a fall, for be crashed into it and carried away a panel, but bis cleverness saved him. Some good judges thought Scobie might have made a better fight of it bad he not come so early, but under any circumstances he could not have beaten Royal Oak, who had the pace of him. I suppose if those who have the best knowledge of steeplechasing were polled as to which animal had the best chance of getting over the Flemington course a majority would have voted fcr Lizette, but she came to grief at the very first fence, though Batty, I'm glad to say, escaped with a Bhaking. KUdare was about fourth when he fell, and Ruby tumbled over him. Marmion and Kangaroo also came to grief, otherwise the latter would have been close up; as it was, be was remounted, and finished next to Mernder. Ace in the Selling Hurdle Race was the best thing of the day, and I was sorry to see Andy Ferguson lose him, Mr. Hepburn nor caring to go beyond the price offered for him by Mr. Anderson. Mr. John Crozier evidently hns a good colt in Lara, who won the Flat Race rather easily, and I don't Bee why this son of Conrad should not have a look-in for the Caulfield Cup, in which he is handicapped at Gst 111b., to which must be added a penalty of 7lh, bring ing his weight up to 7st 41b. Dividend is another that must not be lost sight of in con nection with the two big handicaps, for in the Caullieid Cap, he ha9 Gst. 11 lb. and in the Melbourne Cup 6st 71b. Lara, who was bred by Mr. W. Blackler, is by the imported horse Conrad from the imported mare Miss Harriett, by Elland from Convent, by Yolti geur, breeding which reads like staying. There was only one serious accident during the day, and that befei young Edwards, who was riding Pan, and unfortunately fractured his leg. The arrangements, except those of the railway authorities, were as near per fection as possible. Mr. Skinner tried his hand as caterer, and it he continues as he commenced there will be no cause for much grumbling. The trains on the homeward journey didn't ran as frequently as they might have, and at one time there was an interval of something like half- an-bour. which proved very vexatious to those who had to stand in the cold. Still everybody was landed in town before G o'clock, so that there was not much to cavil at I've seen many promising yearlings this season, Borne high-priced and some low priced. Amongst them are incladed the Hon. W. Pearson's St Albans—The Maid colt for I which hegave l,320guineas;his Musket—Leila J colt; Mr. Chirnside's sister to Notdenfeldt, Maid of Honour filly, and Sylvia filly; Mr. i M'Donald's Josephine and Suufiower colts; Mr. Gannon's brother to The Broker, and Thirza filly; Mr. \V. Bailey's St A1 bans Pilgrimage colt; Mr. Leek's brother to Bristol and Virgo colt; Mr. O'Shanassy's Grand master colt; Mr. G. Davis's Suwarrow — Royal Heart colt; Mr. D. S. Wallace's Suwar row—Lady of Linne colt; Mr. Mitchelson's Musket colts and fillies ; Mr. Crooke's Motea —Calumny colt; as well as Mr. T. Henty's Suwarrow—Norma colt and two or three of the Richmonda sold at Mr. Blackler's sale, and others that I cannot think of just now ; but the one that 1 think " takes .the cake" is the full brother to Ringmaster, who was parading the paddock at Flemington on Satur day. He bears some reacmblauce to his brother in make and shape, but will be far bigger every where. The annual meeting of the members of the | Victoria Racing Club will beheld at Menzies'' Hotel on Monday, August L Some time ago the absurdity "of Rales 1 and 5 was pointed out in these columns, and racing men will he pleased to find that they are to be altered so as to meet common-sense views. It is now proposed that Rude 1 shall read as follows :— " 1 Race* includes plate, match, sweepstakes, steeplechase, or hurdle race. But no horse shall carry extra weight in a fiat race in con sequence of having won a steeplechase or hurdle race, and no horse shall carry extra weight in a steeplechase orburdle race in con sequence of having won a fiat race." Rule 5 bos been altered to run thus" A ' maiden* with respect to a flat race means a horse which at time of Starting Has never won an advertised plate or Bweepstake—on the fiat," Mr. George Davis has proposed and tbe Hon. W. Pearson hoB seconded that Rale S3 shall* be repealed, and that the following be sub stituted therefor" That the minimum weight to be carried by any horae in any handicap flat race be <5sfc 71b." The following six members of committee retire, bnt are eligible for re-electionSir William Clarke Messrs. G. B. Fisher, Samuel Gardiner; Sep timus Miller; William Pearson, and George Watson. • . Mr. Tatters≪ was in great form at the Lilydale meeting,, where he. roda iu- vthtee races successively, and won them alL. They, wert the DistSiet .Maided Plate on Gay tbe Lilydale Handicap on Crown Brand.! the Coriotbi&n; District Cup onCecroj*.4 Williamstown sbould be well wo*fh''"iL this afternoon^ when^helocal dnbwiU' vide an excellent bill of fare for itatoat*___. In the ilhftlle Haas iAiistides'topa 5he list with 12at. filb., and next to him Revenge at list. 91b.; then tha ~ "" [ awarded top weight in the Railway Handicap*' and Derision.follows at Sat 121b., but Sorcerer at Set 51b. .Louise Berta7ab,and St Leonards St 641,121b. read much better, and one of these three may win. The Selling Race may go ta Mackay or Allison if they start; in their absence Liddington or Miss Merlin. Promo lion has been raised to 12st 121b. in the Steeplechase, bat his owner may not care to start under snch an impost, and perhaps one of the Tasraanians. Kangaroo or Flashlight,! may be the first to catch the judge's eye. For the Epsom Handicap I like nothing so well as Sydney, New Fashion, and Rhetorician. When Corrigon fell in the Grand National Steeplechase he received a nasty contusion on the left side of his head, and he was dazed for a few moments, during which his scarf and pin were, removed. Some time after-* wards a bystander handed them to bim, and not having qnite recovered, Corrigan forgot! to thank bim. He has reqnested me ta apologise for the little shortcoming. Mr. Vowles has resigned the judgeship of! the several clubs which he has for some time1 represented. In doing so, be has no doubt acted wisely, for after the unfortunate de-^ cision he gave at Elsternwick-park the public confidence was shaken to such an extent that subsequent decisions wonld have always been awaited with fear and trembling. There is a great deal of sympathy for Mr. Vowles, who has at various courses filled the position of judge with credit, but his eyesight is not so good as it was, and be will now devote him self entirely to handicapping, which he has pretty well mastered. I believe Mr. Cox haa appointed the coursing judge, Mr. Woods, to act at Moonee Valley, and the Williamstown Racing Club has elected Mr. N. Goold to fill the position. The latter is qnite conversant! with all things connected with racing, and should be well qualified for the post, and if Mr. Woods is as successful as in the coursing field be ought to give entire satisfaction. Those Victorians who intend to assist at the Hawkesbury meeting will find the full programme in the advertising columns this week. A Hurdle Race of 150 so vs., two miles, should be some attraction to racing men on this side of the border. The Guineas and County Purse have closed, but the Public Auction Stakes of 100 sovs., and the Septem ber Handicap of 150 sovs, have not, and the latter should be patronised by several Vic torians. The events in the second day's bill which have not yet closed are the Members" Handicap of 100 sovs., Two-Vear-Old Stakes of 150 sovs., the Disposal Stakes of 100 sova, and the Ladies' Bracelet of 50 eova The Two-Year-Old Stakes will be run on the new track, the first quarter of a mile of which is perfectly straight. In the Bracelet the horses will have to be nominated by ladies, and if the winners prefer cheques to the trophies they can have them. Entries close on the 16th August The Queensland Turf Club will hold a winter meeting on the 19th and 20th oi August On. the first day the leading item will be the Queensland Jubilee Plate of 200 sovs., a handicap of one mile and a halt The chief feature of the second day will be the Q.T.G Handicap of 200 sova, one mile and a quarter. There is a hurdle race for each day, one of 80 and the other of 100 sova The entries for the Jubilee Plate and Q.T.C. Handicap close on the 26th July, and for the other events on the 9th Augnst Mr. Webb, for whom Childe Harold was purchased at Elsternwick-park, intends to take legal proceedings against the Victorian Trotting Club with a view to the recovery of the stakes which were wrongly awarded to Gulpha The club has retained Mr. J. L.< Porves for the defence. The members of the committees of our leading racing clubs should peruse the con ditions of the Breeders' Foal Stakes, run at the Manchester meeting, particulars of which will be found in our London correspondent's letter. They will observe that breeders are liberally encouraged in this as in many otket rich stakes in England, for of the 1,40b sovs. added, 1,000 go to the winner, 200 to the breeder of the winner, and 100 each to tbe owner and breeder of the second. They will also notice that toe Whitsuntide Plate for two year olds was worth 5,000 sovereigns, but most of the money was subscribed by tbe nominators themselves. The Geelong Racing Club has every reason to be satisfied with toe entries received foe toe winter meeting: They have exceeded the expectations of tbe meat sanguine, ana if the liandicapper is only successful in his efforts, the meeting should be the best ever held on the banks oi tbe Bar won in winter. For toe Hurdle Race there are 27 entries, and in the Two-Year-Old Stakes there are 25. For too Winter Handicap 80 have been nominated, and this number includes many that are engaged in the C&ulfield; or Melbourne Copy There are 14 in the Steeplechase, but curi ously enough not one of toe entries is from Ballarat In the Selling Race there are 15, toe Railway Haddicap 32,' and toe Trot 25. On Wednesday next rating men can choose between Sale and Echnca for a day's sport. At both places good programmes have been provided, and toe metropolitan division is bound to be strongly represented. At Sals Man ot Kent or Roy ouuht to win the Hurdle Race, Sweetmeat or Moonlight may prove best for the Steeplechase, Daystar or Dan Beuse for toe Winter Handicap, and Daystar or Her Ladyship tor the Flying Handicap. At Echuca the Hurdle Race looks a good thing for Sir John Moore or Eaglet; E. D., Sirocco, and Sparkle lode best upon paper for the Winter Handicap; and Sirocco or Little Jack may win the Ladies'Bag. On Monday next entries tor toe Hurling ham-park meeting close at Prevot's Australian Hotel. There are four races for ponies and three for horses. Very fair entries have been received for the events to be decided at Wyndham on toe 80th inst There are 24 in toe Werribee park Handicap and 27 in toe Wyndham Handicap,, and toe other events have filled remarkably well The handicaps will be declared on Monday. The great English crack Ormonde had no eaBy thing o! it in the Hardwicke Stakes, foe old Johnny Osborne, with a view to find out Ormonde's weak spot, sent Hinting along, and at one time held a lead of three lengths. Ormonde reduced the lead to a length at the horns turn, and once in the straight he drew up, and amtlendid race between the two giants of the thrf Cnded to a neck victory for Or monde. Bendigo was third, three lengths; off, hut was never dangerous. Ormonde's, ~v«^ng mfinnitycaunot be anything scnons,' .ere weaastrong pace all the way, end ' ittfetton the mile and a half in2min. TMb made Omonde'a fifteenth srictory.and the vMnettfifieBtakea f-ihe\ Dukeof WesttiihSter'e colt 1^^,876104. ■sev.-.^r-■ rds bi the lined that th . bboditiona Similar to to<at*>l'mi ^ ehidl not «nek nny t b^nto%leftr ^ rbaQieP alterRule ISsotlial " No entrance feSS to' horses ,rnn Operceatonl oTiscesfora subscription, when there ahull be any surplus , over the advertised value, it shall be paid to the winner, unless provided by the conditions to go to other horses in the race, and in no case shall the winner subscribe." Compared with other Grand National Hurdle Paces, that which was run on Saturday last appeared to be exceedingly slow, but it was not generally noticed that the horses were started six chains further down the straight. This accounted for the extra time. The friends of Mr. John Watson will be glad to hear that he is getting on as well as could be wished. His brothet Thomas went up to Deniliquin, and at his earnest desire, though against the doctor's advice, he brought him home. He is now progressing favour ably, though the wouud in his groin is rather troublesome. It has been decided by the various Govern ments of Australia that the 20th of January Bball be the national holiday, and it behoves our leading turfmen to be up and doing. On euch a day some 30.000 or 40,000 people will lie willing to patronise a racecourse if a liberal j programme be framed, and there can be no two opinions that a day's racing worthy the occasion Bhould be arranged for either the V.R.C. or V.A.T.C. courec. The Victorian Club claims the new holiday, but the public will- expect to see so important a holiday appropriated by one of the leading clubs. Australians, who will soon be in a very marked majority, will regard this as the national holiday of the year, and that large section of the community which affects racing will j ecarcely be satisfied with a day's racing under the auspices ot the Victoriau Club. Tor my part, 1 should like to see the V.K.C. Summer j meeting fixed for the 26th January. Klstern- ' wick-park and Moonee Valley are all very well for ordinary occasions, and everybody j who attends these pleasant little places of j resort enjoys the sport provided, but for great occasions such as Anniversary Day, Fleming ton or Caulfield must be the ren dezvous. It will be just as well if the leading spirits ot the VictorianClubdo not attempt to monopolise too much of the patronage of the public. In racing matters a betting club must be secondary to a properly-constituted racing club. The V.A.T.C.. 1 believe, intends | to frame a programme which will include the Anniversary Handicap, of -YjO soys.; Trial Handicap, of 100sovs.: Hurdle llace, of 200. bovs.; Steeplechase, o!200 sovs.; and Selling ' ltace, of 150 sovs. Croakers of the turf are often heard to re-1 mark that racing is languishing in Queens land, but results prove otherwise. There are j far more meetings and much richer prizes than ever, and this week the QT.C. publishes j the conditions of the Sires' Produce Stakes of; 1891, which are a strong refutation of the [ assertion that racing is on the decline in the northern colony. The race is for foals of 188-S, and is a sweepstakes of 10 60vs. each, half forfeit, or a sovereign only if declared by i 4 p.m. on tbe 30th April, 1891, with a subscrip tion of 10 sovs. each from owners ot sires, ] and 300 sova added by the club. The nomi nator of the sire of the winner is to receive | 100 sovereigns, and the owner of the second i horse 10 percent on the gross amount of the j stake. Sires will have to be nominated with Mr.Greville Pountney, Q.T.C. office, Brisbane, or at tbe A.J.C. office; Sydney, or Tuesday, August 23. Queensland racing men often purchase at the yearling sales ot Victorian, South Australian, aud New South Wales breeders, and the studmnsters of these i colonies will be only studying their own' interests by nominating a sire or two. We shall soon have the Hon. W. Itobin- j Bon's string amongst us, for a cablegram from New Zealand announces that Thunderbolt. Disowned, Silver Prince, Enfilade, and Engagement were to leave Auckland for Sydney this week. This is a very strong team, and if tbe New Zealand sportsman has anything like luck, be should appropriate some of the good things that will be dispensed at Fiemingtou in the spring. Thunderbolt is an old friend, for be started tor the V. R.C. Derby !of 1885, but did not perform up to the expectations of his owner and friends. Disowned, who is by Albany from No Name, I won the Canterbury Derby and the Auckland Derby, running the first in 2min. 42fsec. and the outer in 2min. 42sea, so that he must be a pretty good animal. He and Thunderbolt are both engaged in the Melbourne Cup, Dis owned at 8st, 81b. and Thunderbolt at 7st 81b. Silver Prince, who is half-brother to such celebrities as Goldsbrougb, Robin Hood, and Martini-Henry, is another of Mr. Robinson's Melbourne Cup representatives, and he has the nice weight of 7st 3!b. Enfilade is by Musket from Onyx, and is therefore full brother to Nordenfefat, while Engagement is full sister to Martini-Henry. Enfilade and Engagement are both nominated for the Derby, and the former has Cat. 121b. in the Melbourne Cap. Those Victorians who are purchasing horses lor the Indian market should cost their eyes over the prospectus of the Ballygunge Steeplechase Meeting, which appears in the advertising columns this week. The dates chosen for the meeting ore the 7th and 14th January, and the open stakes on the first day are the Australian Purse of 500 rupees, a Belling race. The Granville Stakes of 500 rupees is tor horses that have not cost more than 1,200 rnpees in Iudia, but the Rally gunge Cap or 1,200 rupees is open to ail horses. The second day will be devoted to handicaps, the conditions of which have not yet been published. The firet entries for the Australian Purse and Ballygunge Cup close on'the 20th October, and the last on the 20th December, and fall particulars of horses, with their performances, will have to be sent in With the entries. Paragraph 9 of the con ditions says:—"Any horse taken over any made jump on the course after 6 p.m. on 31st January, 1888, will be disqualified for the whole meeting." X presume this shohld'be the 31st Deccmber, 1887. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. submitted themare Louise to auction on Tuesday last, ahnjske wag knocked down to Mr. Glasscock at 190 guineas. .1 believe she has gone into Career 6 stable at Canlfield. Mt M'Mlllan, secretary of the Sate Turf Cldb, has reqnesteft me to state that rail way retiirn tickets at excursion fares will ''-miiMMML to ..Rate froth Melbourne, Wir ^ Ml trains on and by tbe ble for return gements have ;pf'toe people eto improve ember .some " ■ MMW. oouia very roach in the flesh, an announcement which all turfmen will be clad to hear. The Bundoora-park yearlings that were not sold at the recent sale in Sydney returned to Melbourne by the steamship Katoomba. They had a rongb passage over, but Captain Lee very considerately ran into Gorner Inlet on Sunday and remained there until the gale abated. , . . Bacing men, like sailors, are given to superstition, and believe in coincidences, and to those who have not had roach luck, and desire a change, I say write a letter. We have had numerous instances of its efficacy, and one of the most recent i3 the case of Mr. Iredrea, who complained of two of the Deniliquin handi caps. It will be observed tbat he won the I Hurdle Pace with a ton in hand, so wbatsort ! of a complaint should those behind him have to make of the handicapping ? I could name ; other instances of the change of luck that | follows a letter, but I forbear. Flame aud-| I Starlight, who ran at the meeting, seem to be I pretty useful youngsters. Flame is by j^park, ! once a pood performer on the turf, and ^tar i li"ht is bv Defoe, Robinson Crusoe's brother. I thought Success would have wontheD.J.C. Handicap, but he suffered a head defeat from Apollo, a son of Khedive. Elti, who won the Ladies' Bracelet, is a rare-bred one, for he is by Robinson Crusoe from Melame, by The Marquis from Art Union. One of the most progressive of all racing clubs is the Sydney Turt Club. This week it announces another big prize for the 2Cth January next, which is to be the great national holiday of Australia. It bears the old name of the Anniversary Handicap, but instead of being 500 sovs. as hitherto, the prize is to be 2,000 sovereigns, 1,500 of which will go to the winner, 350 to the second, and 150 to the third. Nominators have to make three payments, all of which will go to the club, and the first, of five sovereigns, will have to be made on the 13th October. The weights will be declared directly after Tat-1 tereall's meeting, and the Becond payment of fire sovereigns will be due oil the 11th Januarv, while the final payment of 10 sovs. will have to be made on the 23rd January. The distance is a mile and three furlongs, and as the owner of a starter will be taking 1,500 sovereigns to 20 about bis horse, I think there oagbt to be a nomination-list which would gladden the hear of Mr. T. S. Clibborn. _ ,r By advertisement Mr. Byron Moore re minds trainers and jockeys that tlieir regis tration-fees are due to the I. R.C., and unless paid at once their names will be removed from the 11"ting Calendar. Sheet Anchor, one of the stoutest and best constiiutioned liorses that ever trod a race course, is announced for private sale by Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. Sludmasters in search of a horse possessing all the attri butes of a first-class sire, could not go wrong in securing the sou of St. Albans and Queen Mary. Breeders are making their announcements for the coming season. .Mr. Crozier has de termined to allow the public to have half a dozen subscriptions to St. Albans, and has fixed the fee at CO guineas, not a shilling too much for so famous a sire. Robinson Crusoe, whose sons Navigator, Trident, and Sextant, to say nothing of his daughter Madcap, have performed great deeds upon the turf, will be available at 50 guineas, and those who have choice mares, bred anything like Cocoanut or Sunshine, should not fail to give the son of i Angler a trial. First King, who with very few chances has got Ringmaster, Silver Kin", The Nun, and First Frince, is also advertised, and his tee is 30 guineas, while game little ! Savanaka will stand at half this figure. Bosivortb is a young sire whose name will be heard of in connection with many a good race for already Boz, Bosmond, Mistletoe, and' Lady's Maid have gained winning brackets for him. Their performances prove that he can get them to gallop, and I prophesy a brilliant career lor him at the stud, lie was a good racehorse himself, for he won the I V.R.C, Flying Stakes, All Age Stakes, Two [ vear-old Stakes, Barwon Plate, A.J.C. Breeders' Plate, A.J.C. All Age Stakes, the V.R.C. SL Leger, A.J.C. St Leger, 'lown Plate, and other races. Such a record could have been nvE.de only by & first-clegs horse. He will stand at Cairn Curran, and his fee is 15 guineas, little enough for so good an animal. ... Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. a list of horses to be sold during the first week in August increases every day, and, in addition to the stud horses and outers tbat I have already referred to, a number of mares will be disposed of. They will include Cantata, Lethe, Erin, Talla. Mary Hawthorn, My Star, and several other well-bred animals. Silvermine also will be sold, as his owner baa determined to dispose of him in conse-1 quence of Foulsham having accepted an engagement as private trainer to Mr. \Y. Cooper. .So good an animal should create some spirited competition amongst racing men. A mare pretty well known is Minerva, who, with a couple of young Horatios, will be disposed of, and Horatio will be sold. Breeders who have foals by the trotting 8ires Honesty, Contractor, Vermont Jum. Von Moltke Jun., Walter Scott, Startle, and Merrythought are reminded that they will b&ve; to nominate them for the Victorian Trotting Club Sires' Produce Stokes by 4 p. m. on Monday, August L Mr. Haydon will receive nominations, accompanied by a sovereign, at his office, 100 BourkeBtreet The stake will be worth over 200 sovereigns, so that those who are lucky enough to have foals by the before-mentioned horses should not fail to nominate them. j The August programmes of theV.AXC, and Elstern wick-park ClubBbpuld.be perused, by owners of horses this week. 1 he former contains the Grand National Steeplechase of 800 sovs., and the latter has several nice little stakes. The Moonee Valley (top con ditions, as well as the August pill of mepro vided by Mr. Cox, - are well worthy of ^Messrs. W. Inglis and Co. announce that their annua! sale of thoroughhred and other stallions will he held at their bazaar, Sydney, on Friday, Aiignst 32. 1 The full programme of the Murrurabidgee Turf Club, which received attention jp these columns a short time eg®, ,aPPea.t8.,n .the advertising columns of TAc this week. It will he seep that Mr^IKjP, ikon, ■ of Big Springs, wUl preaent ihe Wagga Cup, Value 100 sovs., ana Mrs. John King, of Hanging Bock, will present p bracelet yalue 100 sovs. Entries for 'Jhe. principal events gfow on the 23rd 4W#. - i -It iB announced that tbeNew Zealand colt Niagara has not been quite himself duru1" the pastweek. Ids«t ihoirauythirig, the compiler, Mr, Mills. Copies can be ob tained at tbe Y.1LC. office. The improvements at Caulfield are being proceeded with as rapidly as possible. Mr. ] James Moore, the contractor for the new stand, is making rare progress, and by the time the Angast meeting of the V.A.T.C. is held there will be little to do lievond the seating and the painting. The ladies' room in tbe old staud, which has been extended 100ft, will prove a great boon to the lair sex. The work of raising the turn leading out of the straight, to which I referred a week or two back, is now nearly completed, and there should be little chance of a horse losing bis legs as he rounds the turn. In consequence of the illness of Mr. Heiliy, the surveyor, the new course has not yet been measured, but Mr. Bond expects to have it done in a day or two. _ J. Malone, the well-known steeplechase rider, has determined to start training on his own account, and is having a few boxes built at Kensington. At present he has only Marmion in hand, but being a careful, steady young man, I don't thiuk he will remain long without a few more. It is, I understand, intended to dispose ot the whole of the late Mr. Thomas Chim side's horses in training by auction, at an early date. I believe the brood mares at Werribee will also be sold in November, but Xcwminster will be retained. The Deuiliquin meeting seems to have gone off satisfactorily, except that the running of Success on the second day gave rise to some adverse comment In the l'lying Stakes he was at one time at even money, and then suddenly odds of o to 1 were offered. In the Town Plate he was a red-hot favourite, but he was beaten a bead by Stonebroke, against whom a protest was entered on the ground that he had run at an unregistered meeting, but it was dismissed. I have been requested to point out to tbe secretaries of racing clubs that the names of bookmakers licensed by the Victoria Racing Club will be found in the Racing Calendar. Centaur'e Index is to hand. As usual, it contains a deal of information which must be interesting to eporting men, including the doings of the horses engaged in the spring handicaps. Oxford, who is engaged in the "Melbourne Cup, has joined Mr. W'. E. Dakin's string. The yearling colt by The Marquis from Lurline has gone into T. Lamond's stable. At a meeting of the members of the Vic torian Club last week it was decided that in ! future bookmakers joining the club would be charged an initiation fee of £53. Scr.ATcmxG.—Salvo for the Mtlbourue Cup at 5.5. 1 p.m. July is. 