LOCAL AND GENERAL. Ooeselves.—The Newt will not be published to-morrow, as the day will he observed os a close holiday in this establishment. Crushed Out.—Reports o f the deputations on tbe Codlin Moth peit, Central Bosrd of Health, e:c„ e tc , are unavoidably held over. L eas* W atsb S ishto.—C . Rogers, P. Bethr, W. C. Davenport, hereby give * o t i« that they did, on the 10th day of June, 1887, mark off under application for lease water-right situate one mile sooth of ground opplisdforbyC. Rogers, P. Bethr, and TV. C. Davenport, near old Mongana, Black Boy Track. One < sluice-head. A fczcaxriBr vox th e E icrk oxd Mira* Roan Boaed.— Notioe is hereby given tlut at a meeting of the above board Walter Phillips, Superintendent of Police, was appointed secretary pro tew. E ducation DsrASTMBJfx—The innnal examination for >be classification of teachers will be helj in January next. Intending candidates must forward their application in time to reach this office not later thon the 30th instant. A N ew Ba il if f.—-I n. pursuance of “ The Small Debts A ct amendment Act, 1884," the Governor has been pleased to appoint M r John ‘W hiteliw to be tbe bailiff of tbe Court o f Gteneral Sessions ' the Peace appointed to be held at estbury in respect of the jurisdiction of scch court as a court for the recovery of debts and demands, in succession to M r Thomas tiavid Robinson. A^ Seizubk. — The Cr-i-wn Lauds’ Bailiff at Ct. Helen's has seized tiro hundred add thirty-three (233) rail* end forty-time (43) posts (mor* or ]e»s), the same having been unlawfully cut on Crown lands. I**"'** Notice hereby _____ given, ____ _ in accordance with the Waste* Lands Regulations, that the same will be disposed by public auction, at the Court House, Sit. Helen's, on Friday, 24th of une at 2 o'clock. L e slie Road Tbust.—The following ave been elected trustees of the Leslie Hoad Hoard:—Richard MillbOQse, of obart; Charles Gadd, of Huon road; h tries Gallagher, o f Huon road; John owlau, of Huon road ; Kliaha James ayntoo, of Buou road. saltwood Hoad T rust.—A t a meetng ol the trustees held on the llih inst., M r L. W . Counsel was appointed chair* an and treasurer of the trust for the urrent year. Accepts© Tbxdbm.— The follovmg tenders have bees accepted for the undermentioned works, in accordance with the pians and specifications defining the same, subject also to the particulars and conditions of contract relating th e re to R e p a irs to class room. State school, Constitution H ill, 8. Brown, £15 10s; erecting Bhed,st State school, Old Beach, A. Pardon, £11 fig; J. S. Lee, Duck Mirer, $000 sleepers, at Is 7id each. The undermentioned contract has been canceLleds— W . H. Medwin, road, Bliok River to Detention, notified as accipted in Gezetle notice of 10th May. J8i7. J Boaedb of A d v ice.—H is Excellency the Governor has been pleased to make the following appointments under tbe provisions o f the 23rd lection o f "The ifducaiicn Act, 1885/* 49 Viet. N o. 15:— Carnarvon, George Manning, K s q ; Kiogboroagb, Nathaniel Lucas, Ksq. A H int you M e B i &d; —lb e Queensland Executive, at the instance of the Colonial Treasurer, bos intimated to the heads of departments in the public service that in view of the condition of the pnolic finances, the most rigid economies mast he exercised framing tfcc Estimates f o r __ coming session. This order is that tbe appropriation o f lost year should not be exceeded, but lessened i f possible. aoekts-Gbneeal.— An important as been decided m London teaching the liability o f agents-geaeral. Judgment as ben given in tbe case of the Lanaster Waggon Company eertu* Dillon ell, in wmcij the plaintiff sued the de* fcodant i bis capacity as Agent-General or New Zealand ' ' f orr a breach o f contract. ___ _ he Bench gave a verdict in favor of the efendant, and ruled that Agentieneral were not personally liable for contracts made in tbs name of their respective Governments, Austsaiasian M utu al L ira Stock Society —Again we hare w call the attention o f stockowners to the prompt and satisfactory manner wit); which this society continues to pay the claimi made upon it for loss e f animals insured by them. W e are asked to state that this society has no connection with the Live Stock and Financial Society now being liquidated in Melbourne. The branch manager here is B . Mace, 93 Oolites street. A ccident o n t h e M ain L in e.—A nasty mishap occurred to the driver o f the train due in Hobart at 11.10 this morning, he hariog Fallen off tbe engine near Bndgiwater, sustaining a severe fracture o f Ms arm. The injured mas was conveyed to the hospital, where he was promptly treated. P o p e s G ov sr.— At this court this morning the bench was occupied by M r W . Tsrleton. Carey £ . Davis pleaded ot guilty to a charge o f di«turhmg the ence at Hampden, road last evening, olioe-constabie Moore stated that he as on doty last evening, and he saw defendant knocking at a door and making a disturbance, Tbe oocopante o f the house ordered him away, but he continued making a noise. Defendant, in explanation, stated tlu t he had been drinking the Queen's health and had taken a drop toe much. Defendant was fined 5* and Is ootts. Robert A. Claxton ^Leaded guilty to disturbing the pence on ' he previous evening, and was fined 5 i o r seven days. S cotch U ollsoe— A very enjoyable entertainment took place at the Sootch College last evening. The room was r e rj tastefully decorated withferaa and festoons o f evergreen, while a profunon o f Ohiaoae lanterns gave a^netty toffeotto the whole. 8p hand drawing exmmted l y M r Carnens a trim u i Adorned the walls, and thore wote nl.0 ipeciinciir o f art seadlairork im ■ - -— el-drape. and hraelceta, y th e .manher, o f the yonnB Sadier o n . An admirable tainting o f Loch ntriue, by one * f M at, Hiving, ton’l jmpih, jrn . n to enhibited. urm * ^tno ovenVnjf the it.me o f iec fDUmn.B i f -prey runme , hnUiflUly nderedi—FiX roin lp/M i*. Mlira r i mg rto < n ; •' B d lro f B t r M u u p t Tower/' Boys; so ng, Miss Dal wood Mutation, Miss C. W hite; song, “ True to zr •the last,” * * M*r S. ' vi m, “ Niiv elly u j Bly/‘ XJij. Bora; recitation, Master Dillon; song 44Never despair,/ Master A Gaylor; song, Miss Datwood; recitation, Master H. Parker; song, M. Maurice: comet solo, M r E llis; song, Mias Ireland; viobn solo, M r Deutitn; recitation, Mias L. Ireland; “ L ife ’s a game o f sre ssw/' Boy a; recitation. Master 8. Cri*p; soog, “ M anellaifo ” M . Maurice; recitation, Mester H . Hawson; song, Al&ster; A. Gaylor; vio in solo, M rD eotith; “ Rule Britannia,” ** Auid lang ryne/' “ God save the Queen,” Boyi, The recitations by Miss C. White and Masters b. Criip and H. Hawoon were excellently given. t S teeb t Acciden t.—Shortly after 11 o’olock this morning at M r George Mathew, butcher, was driving his chaise art down Barrack street, when near the ornish Mount Hotel the horse fell, hrowing the occupants out. One o f hem, a son o f the owner, aged about 6 ears, received a very u t»iy cut on the ead. H e w «s at once conveyed to the uke o f Wellington Hotel, where bis njuries were attended tob yM rC h as. yers, end the little fellow left not uch tbe worse for his very narrow srape. The horse escaped without any erious injury. T he D esw en t V a li.it R ailw a y An. itkatiok.—The arbiters have given ecision in the items in dispute between M r C. J. Falkingham, the contractor on the Derwent Valley Railway, end the Government. The claims o f the con-, tractor extended orer 86 items, and smoonted to £15,812 19s Id. Among the leading items we e£2300 for extra allowances for masonry work, £H20for quoins, £2550 on account o f extra prices in stone cutting, nod £3400 on account of delay and interest on monry paid. The award given amounts to £3501, which wilt include all compensation, to be paid to the contractor for loss of time, due to the suspension o f works at the request of i tbs late Ro/al Oommisiion, b*yond the 30 days allowed uauer the terms of the contract Gsekan and Danish Colonists.—In our report o f the interesting gatherings o f out fellow colonists which appeared in yesterday’s Newt, & misprint occurred that changed the sense meant to be conveyed. 1\. Instead of __________________ M r Kalbfell stating __ that there should be a diitmctioc of eationolitiee, he remarked that there should be no distinction, etc, T h e T h b a th i.— “ The Strategist,” w*s re-produced last evening at the Theatre Royal to a very fair house. As previously, the piece was provocative of an immeuse amount of laughter. Mr. , B , Roberta has improved eince hit ost appearance in the character of ack Rutledge, and his acting in several f the scenes was cireful and consistent. r J . J. Kennedy again appeared as the ate Mick, and again convulsed tbe ouse wi'h bis pugnacious ardour. Mr . H . Horton, as the Dutchman, was amusing, and M r J, 6. L yle appeared to advantage as the much-abused Pepper. Miss Carry George achieved another success at M rs M ajor Howard, and Miss L illy H ill played Nellie Howard with taste. Mias Eva Jackson looked oa pretty aa usual as Araminta, and tbe little the had to do was done well. This evening the “ Strategist ” will be rerepeated, with the addition of and to-morrow evening the poor o f Hobart are to be amused and foa. JtxHmmoN B u ild ing.—A dramatic entertainment in aid o f the widow and orphans o f the late Gunner W illiam Drewitt, was given by the Bobart Dramatic Club at the Exhibition Bnildin* lost evening. The entertaiimentwas under Viee-regal, Ministerial, aldermanfo. end military patronage, which occasioned toe r?served seats to be well filled, whilst the deserving object cau-cd the other part *w boase to be comfortably pocked. Ifce building and scei.ic apparatus sere otally unfit to make anything like a ood display, even by a much better ompany than the band of amateurs who evoted themselves to such a deterrm* ause; however, they fought bravely cK»;»8t,i!ob*Uc!et,itfid care those iirei.-nt beir fe ll moae, •, wortb\nd t ita T o ,™ he piece selected * u 8. Gilbert-. ueic.1 comedy io three acts, entitled 'Torn Coob, or Fortune's Toy." The piece wai one of tho.e ratlline one. • bich although it bn, little plot (till contribute, to an hour or W e laughter lorn Cobb, a man rrbo sttrte the world b y staling that heihedn'te penny nr the ghost of the prospect o f a penny, found un able representative at the handa o f M r Charle. liircoch^whii.t Whipple, the gay im. f J ® S J 'M ’ ■* y ouoK scrgeon and a friend of Tom 1, was done it. full meed o f jn.tice to by M r B. H. Aldred. M r Hfflngham, Mrs Effingham. Balelrode hffinshao, and Ceroline E ffingiiao,. romanbe family, were acted to the life retpeetiecly by Mr A. Vincent M ie, De T , re, M r E . Smith, and M i.. nriyie who fairly made the home ripple again by their SBUbetic style, and ntterlv ttpr tter ftlrnaA blead tnan... manner. MU r . J, T t'aere. .<___ made / he heart, o f the Iriahmen in tbe home to—erdi him by hij represeatation of Colonel O’Fipp, a feedy looking colonel. The part o f M .tilda (j'Finp, the uolouel's oaughter, one o f tho?e voong ladies who impressed her lover that he was engaged to a real colonel'e daughter, was entrusted to Miss fifarioa flood, whose versatility was veiy marked. The otlusr character was a footmaa, which was undertaken b y M r Crooks, who Jooked and acted as only a footman can f i j 55^ Proccedmgsweredivertined by M r Chas. Lsyoock eingiug a eoiwc song, and M r F. Hanson a ballad, whilst M r W , Smith gavo a recitatioe. entitled “ The Life-Boet.” The cnrUin ell to the strains of “ God Save toe Queen. G le k o b ch t E lbction .—A ll eUias gainst M r Russell Young, is oocnecioD with the Glcnorohy Eleotioo, are to e sent is to M r Goo, uurry, New Town, t once. REfiEsva Foeob.—T he Commandant’# < m d e is postponed until Thursday 