Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 33. THE TRIPLE GHOST. +¥+ By Alexander Montgomery. "What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghost ?" It was Jack Martin who put the question, as he leant over the fence of the home- paddock at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday fnrpnnnti in December. Jack— his local capacity of stockman to the contrary notwithstanding— was a gentleman; there could be no doubt of that. Good educa tion — good manners — good heart — but not that important something which is so tersely yclept. " ballast," and forlaok of which— to oarry the figure further— the argosy of Jack's existence had suffered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. But, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty souls to take the world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old blue shirt on hiB back and an archaic " cabbage-tree " over his good-natured countenance, was as cheerful as if he had not been the son of an aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred yonng women in far- away England. If Jack was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of incredulity upon the faces of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power of the born raconteur. All this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I oan testify that the story made a deep impression on me at the time. It may not likewise affect you, but at anyrate here it is. " It was six years ago," said Martin, and just after I'd had that cropper over the wire fence at Carmiohael's on thelGonlburn. As I've told you before, 1 was pretty well smashed up on that occasion, and bb soon bb I oould be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that astonished the doctors— who, between our selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month ! was able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had coma into a bit of money while he was working -with me on Carmi. chaei's station. Either a Swede or a Nor wegian he was — with Halk Bjorren for his name. A decidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up ana pay bim a visit. I knew his place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in the sea-air would be just the thing lor me. " Well, 'to cut matters short, another week found me abont a hundred miles up to the northward, at a place called — I think — Whandamo. That's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter muoh, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in the middle of a scrub- covered flat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, abont a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as if it bad been built from the timbers of a wreok. As in deed, perhaps it had, for there bad been a good few Bhips driven ashore thereabouts, from time to time, and theWhandamo people had some curious tales about the ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of course, I laughed — but not for long 1 " I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti tious, but before a week went over my head L got the biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. "Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of saying that I was welcome, he made ma feel it, which was better. Indeed, he waB a man who never Baid much at any time— a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton's Ricoabocoa, and who was not withont a fair share of Rioca- bocca'e learning either. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't aBk him any questions. " A dreary shore it was ; nothing but sand and scrub as far as the eye could reaoh. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire ; but, as you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of days I wandered abont, thinking of old times, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the sand hills I should see the Bpire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far across the fens. " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the plaoe, there was a full moon. I was wandering about "with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like — but that's what everybody gushes about, so I'll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when Bhe was fairly up it was easy to see that she wbb no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about the moon, - and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood- curdling that I started violently and dropped the gnn into a pool of sea- water. Nor did I think of pioking it np, for when I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within about three hundred yards of me, and rnnning in my direction, was a woman. A small, Blight- framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran. No ! — she was a tall woman, with a white dress, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No ! I said to myself a second time- wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senseB were leaving me— as I now saw no woman at all, bat a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roughly- dressed man, with what appeared to be & tomahawk in his left hand — I saw his face distinctly— white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder bb he came. "Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke the spell 1 There was something so natural and human in the aotion that my wits came back to me in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could use it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle in both hands— the man was gone I"— and Jaek, with true dramatio art, oame here to a dead pause and began slowly to out up tobacoo. " Gone ?" I asked. " Run away again, do you msan ?" " No, sir 1 Gone 1— disappeared !— van ished 1" "Come, come, Jaok!" I said, laughing. " That's the stereotyped sort of thing, yon know 1 Yon should have finished things off with more originality 1" " Den't it strike yon," said Jaok, gravely, that it's jost beoause I'm telling the trow that I haven't finished off, aa yon say, in a less stereotyped manner 1 Were I stuffing yon, as we say htreibouis, nothing would have . been easier than to give matters a more original turn." " Perhaps you had some ' hard stuff ' with you, and saw double?" said Billy Anderson, the red- nosed little 000k, who was a thirsty soul, and spoke acoording to his lights, " Saw treble, you mean 1" put in the stor£- man, who was the wit of the station- : " though that's but a lose insinuation," Martin shook his head. " No boys," L. said. " Strange to say, I hadn't at that tim» tasted any liquor for over four months. If I wasn't downright out of. my mind for about thirty seoonds — for it all passed in that time — I saw exaotly what I-tell you, and exactly as I tell you.'- " Was there nothing that oould have oon- oaaled tbe figure?" I asked. " Nothing. Flat as the palm of your hand for half a mile, on every side of me. But hear me out 1" and, having lighted his pipe, Jaok hitched himself further upon the fence and went on — " i cannot desoriba to. yon how I felt. It seemed to me as if the whole scene around me had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon seomad to have changed into Borne awful thing — some fearful personality, if yon understand me — that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the best of my way back to the hut. " Here 1 saw something that wasn't at all oalculated to steady my nerves. Bjorren was asleep, and apparently dreaming — some awful dream, by the look of him. His hair — very . long and shaggy it was— was tossed all about the pillow, and his face was streaming with perspiration. He kicked about, too, and struggled, and at last he oried out something that made me start onoe more. ' The axe ! ' he said — ' the tomahawk ! My God 1 she's down ! ' I went over and shook him till he woke. What's the matter, old man ? ' I said. 1 Have yon been dreaming ? ' He sat up, shud dering and wiping the damp from his face. 1 Dreaming ! ' he said. ' Yes, thank God it was only a dream 1 ' Then, when he had oome round a bit, he told me his dream ; and— ypu may believe me or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately — " but this is what he told me." "He thought first, he said, that he saw far back into the early times of the colony, 'and that three persons, a man and_ two women, occupied the very hut wc were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that these were the sole survivors of a ship wreok, and that the man had built the hut out of wreckage. The man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger of the two women, and thus aroused tho deadly . jealousy of the other, who was his wife. And now, as the dreamer saw them, a quarra arose. A quarrel whioh grew more and more savage, until the injured wife snatched up a knife and attaoked her rival, who rushed screaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit sands she fled — after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in turn the faithless husband with a tomahawk." " Rapidly the second gained npon the first, and the third upon both, nntil the hunted woman' was overtaken, and threw herself down upon her knees, screaming wildly for meroy. She did not reaeive it 1 The fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength — out her throat ! It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess oould rise to her feet again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and, ebifting the tomahawk from his left hand to his right, he drove it fieroely into hiB wife's sknll. Down she went beside her victim, and lay there as motionless — and as dead — as a log. The man, too, remained as motionless, after he had struck the blow, at if he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is ; then he flung the toma hawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. - Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, f rantio with horror and remorse, olimbed upon the roof, made a line fast to the rude chimney, and hung himself I " Suoh was Bjorren's dream," went on Jack, after a pause, " and I leave yon to guess what effect it had upon me, coming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morn ing came we examined the outside of the chimney, and found, sure enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inch made fast around it. It- might have b6en the remains of tha line the murderer hanged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion ; all I know is that I've described the matter exaotly as it ocourred, and that I cleared out of the accursed place that very day. As for Bjorren, concluded Jaok, getting down off the fenoe to depart, " he may be there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort of chap to suit such ghostly work, but one such fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the sight of the full moon." This was true enough. We had all notioed and laugh&d; at the peculiarity in question, fnUAtUaa «£ Un<1 Uo Avtmn in flia manna uuuugu nugvuoi aw unu ivo utsgiu u vue luhuuui described is a point whioh I have never — whatever you, reader, may do — been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent oeourrenee, however, induced me to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling— though we knew it not— on the verge of insanity. Nor Is this supposition invalidated by the _ art with which the tale was told, since it is_ a matter of common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. In the month of February '75, or abovl fourteen months after hearing the story 1 have here reproduced, I was on my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got as far as Jelligap, on the Macdonald River. Jost before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pnlied up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon ... a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushrangers, and it was with some thing like disgust that the Jelligapians learned it wbb only a lunatic the troopers were after. A man on Colonel Masterman's Yaruna station had, it appeared, suddenly _ gone out of his mind, and, after firing twice at tbe overseer, had mounted his horse and taken to the buBh. " We're bound to havo him before morning, though," said one of the constables. "He was seen taking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him." And so it proved. About eight next morn ing the troopers rode into the township again with the lunatic — still on his own horse, but bound and handcuffed — between them. Some thing in the poor creature's face Btruck me as being familiar. I went closer. Good God ! — it was Jack Martin 1 "Jack!" I cried. "Jack Martin— you know me, don't you, old fellow ?" He ? laughed oheerfully. " Oh, yes," he said, "I know yon quite well. You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with your wings, though ? Excuse my not raisit-g my hat, but you see" — with a glance at his bonds—" there are serious mechanical diffi culties in the way I" " Where are you taking him ?" I asked the troopers. r < Magistrate and doctors, firBt, sir — then I suppose, .to Brisbane Asylum ?" And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jaok went ; bnt he didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwords I wbb in Brisbane, - and aalled to see him. " Martin ?" said the clerk, turning over tbe leaves of the book. " Martin, John. Ah, here it is I Admitted, 23 February; died, 27th. Four days afterwards, you see." I did see ; and saw, too, that it was better so. 