THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. 'I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck ol the Grosvenor,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &o-; IPnbUebed by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVM. — June tttt; Second. The cold grey dawn lifting its ashen hue over the sea line and slipping in doll metallic faintness from one black ridge to another, found William Stone again on the deck of the Golden Hope, in charge of the watch. Low down in the east, where the shadow of the receding night lay black, the stars were shining gloriously, and the moon hung under them like a dim ted Chinese lantern. As the eastern light came flowing over a sky silvering westwards into indigo and dusk, features of the schooner stole out one by one, the topsails and stunsails paling in their hollows, then the great ragfri«MT catching the gathering brilliance to its foot, the brasswork tremulous with the sheen-like fire wan and half-hidden and crawling ere burst into flame ; the decks growing out of the shadows white as the trunk of a tree newly-stripped of its bark, till with Mb swift intertropical leap, the sun showed his topmost arch of silver ; the wet and splendid beam, fresh and flashing from the surge, smote the bosom of the night cowering in the west ; she vanished in a glare of blue, and with her all her jewels, saving the moon, that turned into a filmy pearl like to one of the scattered clouds, but fainter, which were blown along by the steady wind. Martin Goldsmith was at the tiller. Stone went and stood at his side, but did not speak until tie lower limb of the sun was above the water and the efful gence of his fall orb upon sea and sky. ** Martin,' said he, in a low, tremulous voice, 'look carefully round ye, mate, will you, and tell me if there's anything to be seen 2 My sight's a gettin' old.' The schooner was heading to the north and east, heeled over by the wind, and the splendor of the morning was on the starboard bow. There the ocean was a gloiy of silver, of a blinding lustre, and the breaking of every near sea that way as it rolled its arch of snow at the Golden Hope was as though from its ridge there sparkled out innumerable flying fish catching and flashing back the sunshine as they flew. There waa a gravity in Stone's manner and speech that awoke the slow and deliberate in stincts of the seaman in Goldsmith. Keeping hold of the tiller-rope with one hand, and lifting the sharp of Ms ~ other brown and hairy paw to his fore head, he tamed to look at the horizon to Teeward', steadfastly pursuing iEe line to the magnificent shining fco windward, &en; skipping feat with a sharp blittkmgi and proceeding till his hint, keen, sailorly stare was over the weather quarter. Stone watched him with ex traordinary Intentnesa. Goldsmith looked at the old fellow, and pointing into the sun's wake, said— 'What may be {here, Mr. Stone, I dnnno, the brightness makes me cry ; but where th' horizon's' wMble there's nothing.' Stone hollowed his hands and stared round the sea through them. Goldsmith looked again.* 'Nothing,' he said. 'But it Isn't time yet, is it ?' ' No, not accordin' to the reek'niaga I have given, and the captn's calculations,' answered Stone, and as he turned his face sunwards you saw an- expression as of hol lowness upon it, not haggardness, but that shadowing under the eyes and the cheek bones, which the grey complexion of anxiety will define till you sometimes wit ness an absolute gauntness in it. ' We should be makin' of it this afternoon, Martin, as yon know ; but a man don't need to be fur out in his recollection, nor a navagator neither, with a creenometer, to bring land in sight a few hours afore it was expected. It was Mr. Fortescue as wanted to be the first to see the island ; but J should be first by rights— by as many rights as there be wrongs consarning me — by as many rights as there's teen suspicions aboard here, from where ye're a standing to the eyes yonder f He spoke with subdued bitterness and a slight vehemence, and there was a bit of color on both his cheeks, as his eyes under his knitted brows, shot a searching glance past Goldsmith to the horizon. ' Well,' said Goldsmith, drawing the back of his hand across his lips, ' it won't be long now afore we finds out whether sartin notions you've mentioned be rightor be wrong. Only I'm for this, an' Fll stand to it, Mr. Stone, island or no island ! the woyage was undertook because the parson dreamt a dream, and the whole -bilin' being as wislonary, to use the tarm that's got forrard, as a puff o' tobacco smoke that's gone afore ye can sing out ifs come, I say that them men as may have got it into their heads that there's more in one delusion knockhV aboard the Golden Hope aren't to be blamed ; and I says this, island or no island.' Stone made no answer. He stood for some minutes with his gaze fixed to wind ward as near to where the southern line of the sun's dazzling wake would permit him to come to the luminary's reflection, hoarsely though softly rumbling through his teeth the plaintive air of that famous windlass chorus, 'Across the Western Ocean.' Suddenly he went below and re appeared with the schooner's glass in its case slung over his shoulders. 'I'm going to have a look round to satisfy myself,' said he. 'If the capt'n comes on deck point to the to'gallant yard, Martin.' He peered at the compass. 'Straight as she goes, mate. Not the sixteenth of a p'int off or to windward. Mind that ! Don't need much steering to make misgivin's sartinties at sea. Straight as she goes ! for the capt'n shall have his way first, if it be my tarn afterwards.9' Goldsmith grinned gloomily, as if he suspected in thur a doubt of his capacity as a helmsman, which was altogther too absurd to be resented, even though it was objectionable. 'If the island's to be reached,' said he, 'by_ me simply a followm* of the course given, it'll come up solidL right ? enough.' ? . Stone went forward, clambered on to the rail, and crawled up the fbr&rigging.; Thei watch, who were^crnbbingthe decks, ratted a moment on their brush-handles to cock their eyes at him. In a few moments the old man was on the top gallant yard with one arm round the mast and ;the telescope levelled; The schooner raced beneath *»'' ; the foam arched out from either bow, curving into glittering, faintly rose-tinted masses of throbbing snow to windward, where it was struck by the seas, and spinning Bmootii- as cream past the leeward rail ; the wind, warm, sweet and fresh, hummed melodies through the rigging under him, and swept like an echo of summer thunder past his ears!; the deep looked measureless as the : heavens, and the. sun appeared an hour ' higher than from the deck. Thgi hair of the old-seaman trembled to the wind, and the shadow of him. from the waist down - lay clear as a drawing in ink in the silk white hollow of the little top-gallant sail. Slowly he passed the lenses along the sea-line ; but when he had brought the tubes straight over the jibboom, he hung looking, motionless, were it not for the pendulum swaying of the lianda which -; grasped the glass with the rhythmic reeling of me schooner's mastheads. For full five minutes he stayed aloft watching ; he then replaced the telescope in its case and descended the rigging with a face of wood. 'Anything in sight, sir?' called.outold Breeches, who was swishing bucketsful of water along the deck, whilst) Sawyer and Hall scrubbed. *' Do you see anything, Bill ?' answered Stone. 'Iha'ntbeenlooMn',' said Breeches. 'Then sing out when jon do see it,' exclaimed Stone, with a sour severity that affected the men as something new in hiinj and fie passed aft whilst old Breeches grumbled, ' If I haven't to sing out till tlietimy wolce, I lay, won't be voted a in convenience,' The morning grew in glorious fairness as the sun mounted. It was the. Indian Ocean in June, and the schooner half a thousand milcH south of the equator. The white clouds soaring out of the south-east gave relief to the monotonous shining of the light blue heavens away from the limits of the circle of the sun's effulgence upon it ; they were like scattered sheep upon a prodigious green acclivity. The Golden Hope was sailing a fair eight knots; the swell that followed her brimmed to her lee rail sweet as milk with the foam, and she went along with floating lifts and falls, soothing as the tender rocking of amother's breast. Twice ere Hiram came on deck old Stone had the loghove ; but if the men stared, athimaskew they got nothing out of his face. It was wooden, I say, in hardness ; his man ner, too, had a novel element of command in it j he spoke to the men, not as if they . were the Bill and Harry and Joe he was used to address, but as if he were chief mate of a big ship, with all the discipline of the white quarter- deck sanctuary on his side, and the length of a fabric of large tonnage between his cabin and the knight heads. Breeches said to the others when they went forward, 'Well, you'll see; that there manner don't sinnify nothing. He'll harden up yet as we gets furder along ; but it'll be time to speak out, as I told Mickey, when he turns to and hmfluences the parson to sarch about for what may prove to be in his eye.' But the old grumbler took care to say this out of Stone's hearing ; for if the island was in the mate's eye there was something else In it besides which such an experienced salt aB Breeches cpuld.not view without understanding. Up and down, up and down stumped William Stone, fromabreaatof the taller to abreast of the main-rigging and back again, occasionally pausing to cast what lyTaTftin Goldsmith at the helm considered a careless glance towards the wind ward brightness, but following it on, by a lean over the side, to right ahead ; and this went on till the watch below turned out to get their breakfast and Hiram came on deck. It was twenty minutes before eight bells. The captain arrived, long, lank, and yellow, stepping out of the natch with a. stride that was like the heave forwards of an ostrich's leg. He gave Stone a nod and went to the compass, then cast Ma eyes Aloft to ob serve the canvas the schooner was under ancTtne set of It, and fKen fey thin time having got his vision in, good focus he vent a long look ahead -and around. . ' There's nothen in sight, I suppose i' said Stone. 'Nothen. Bat it isn't to b* expected yet, William. Has this pace been steady?' Stone nodded.. Hiram' threw a glance over the side, and after calculating said, 'I reckon on about 4© mile bringing us to your iuslaBd.' ♦? Forty mile ?' said. Stone reflectively. ' Well, I may be out. Ye know how I got the bearin'a. They wasn't took from obserwations.' ' How much out d'ye imagine ?' said Hiram grimly, looking at Stone intently. ' Who's to know till we comes to the bearip's I've given you ?' answered Stone, ae wooden in manner as in face, and in a- voice dry as sawdust. ' Ha !' exclaimed Hiram, and he turned his back upon the old man to scrutinise the sea astern. ' There'll be no more IsIandB knockin' about these parts to the Bouth'ards and west'ards of the OhagoB, I suppose ?' said Stone. ' How far to the south'ard and west 'ards ?' answered Biram gruffly. ' Why, insides of where we are now, anyways.' 'No,' said Hiram. Stone took a short turn forward, and after a brief stare ahead returned to the captain. ' Did Mr, Fortescue come up on deck whilst I was below ?' asked Hiram, look ing at Stone with a sort of guiltiness that came very near to resembling temper in the expression of his eyes. ' Yes ; he came up at two bells. It took me half an hour to persuade htm to go to his cabin again. He talked in that time more' about his girl than I've heerd Mm say sin' he fell to explainin' about the woyage. A man o' my age will have read and larnt about a deal of human feelln's and affec tions, but I never could have believed that any man's love was like what the parson's is for his sweetheart. It'll be a bad job if he's deluded — it'll be a bad job.' ** Yes,' said Hiram gloomily ; ' a bad job for him an' a bad job for me.' Stone eyed, him for some momenta in tently, then a slow, barely-expressed smile softened the wooden look. He dragged a huge lump of a silver watch out from some pocket inside the' band of his breeches and read the time whilst it lay in the hollow, horny palm of his hand ; after which he went to the skylight and called to Johnny, who was preparing the breakfast table. 'Jest knock on Mr. Fortescue's door, d'ye hear, and ask him to stoD on deck.' ' What for ?' asked Hiram. The question wasstartlingly answered by a hurricane shout of — 'LAND HO!' delivered by Breeches standing on the f orecastlehead , and the excited roar of the powerful salt's lungs swept aft like the explosion of a musket. 'D ? tie fellow i' shouted Stone, fetching his thigh a resounding slap, ' it) ; wur the parson's turn next — but I saw it fUBt.' Hiram looked on a moment, with his mouth agape, discrediting Ms hearing; he then sprang to the main- rigging, but the lower stunsail was in the read, and be danced forward yelling, ' Whereaway * Wheieaw&y;?' At the cry raised by Breeches the crew had come up out of the forecastle as hard as they could tumble, and there they all stood, a lump of men in the bows, with Hiram towering on his long legs among them, staring as one man at a faint tiny blotch of bluish shadow that yet 'dipped,' as they say at sea— that is rose and vanished with the motion of the vessel — upon the sea line ahead. ' 'D'yeseeit, sir?' cried Breeches, eagerly stretching forth his short nuwcular arm, with fingers at the end of It like a bunch of warped carrots. -'Aye, by the Lord !' said Hiram, 'breathing deep -with excitement. 'It's land, sure enough.' 'Will it be Stone's Island, capt'n ?' afeked the cook, who. had run out of the ; galley on hearing Breeches's «alL' '?? 'Why, yes, it's land, and it'll want but' two) humps to make it Stone's Island,' re sponded Hiram, staring ahead. ' '* But ain't it hove into view too soon ?' - crlefl James Kit*. * ' Give Mr. Stone a chance, mate ?' ex ; claimed Breeches sourly. ** Let's wait for the signs. That's no delusion yonder, anyhowe ; and if so be ifs his island why then either tie schoonerll have over-run theeapfn's calculations or it's Mr. Stone who's out by a few miles. But give him a chance, I say. We shall ha' been bloomin,' unfair to th' old man if that there shaddex turns out to be the humpified concarn we've been all these months sailin' to reach.' [ 'Ay, an' it's right under the jibboom, too— steered for straight as a hair all the way from Gravesend, cuss me /''exclaimed Duck,, who, being moved by Breeches'? remarks, /was in a fit condition to suddenly appreciate the direct and skilful naviga tion of the captain. 'Hay one navigatin,' J calls It,' said Joe Hall. Hiram walked aft that the crew should not [see the grin these tickling compli ments forced him into. At the same mo ment ForteBcue came on deck. He had a bewildered look, as if his heart hoped and hie intellect foreboded ; the blankness ex pressed the neutralisation .of, one emotion by another directly opposed. He was deadly pale, the more remarkably .so because of the indiscribable tint Imparted to his bloodless cheeks by the *fofa deli cate bronzing of the sun and weather. His dark fine eyes burnt fiery in their cavities ; and, indeed, as he stopped on deck his aspect was one of wildness, though it was bewilderment and the life time of emotion Jie had been passing through for the last twenty-four hours that gave it to him. He drew close up to Stone without looking at the see, and said in a gasping way, ' What is it V 'Land, sir,' responded the old sailor, once more stolid as a Dutchman and hard as a figure-head ; and he pointed to the eea over the bows. The curate looked that way with his mouth slowly opening till his underjaw seemed fallen like a corpse's ; it was plain he saw nothing, yet he continued looking. ' Is it the Island we are seeking 2' he enquired, without turning his head, and in tiie manner of one who apostrophises a spirit. ' I take it upon myself to say yes, sir,' said Hiram, adjusting the tubes of the telescope he had picked up. 'There can be so other land than Stone's Island here abouts.' . 'Hold, sir !' cried Stone, raising both hands, and recoiling by the length of a stride. *' Not a word, Mr. ForteBcue, till you're sure ; till Hiram and all hands is sure. Then my part in this here woyage . 11 have been played. I shall have done my duty. That's a'most all a plain sailor . man can do.' The curate had turned as if to grasp his hands ; but finding himself checked rather than repulsed he went to the companion and leaned against it with Mb arms tightly folded upon his breast, and his eyes glued upon the sea that with every floating lift of the bows of the Golden Hope rose blue and sparkling into the whitish azure of the ardent sky under the curve of the schooner's pulling squaresail. If ever there was deep excitement aboard a ship the company of men standing on the deck of the Golden Hope felt it then. Waa that defined and dark blue spot upon the horizon athwart which .ran the gleaming throbbing waters blown by the wind the island of the clergyman's dream? Al work was dropped— breakfast forgotten— notbjugaeemed possible from the captain to the boy but to wait till the shadow was near enough to enable the glass to reveal its proportions. All that was superstitious, mystical, super' n&turatin; the v*ysg& worked, in this hour — this flashing final hour of the long pas* sage— like a spirit, as yon weald have known by observing the briny reddened faceB-starfng ahead over the forecastle ra3- with low meterings among them of fancies to which positive alarm denied a clear tongue. The helm had beenrelieved; Kitt was at the tiller, and steadily he held tile vessel- to her course, with the trumpet of the triumphant figure-head pointing straight at the heavens above the island ; and under her wide white canvas the schooner swept through the deep with e very delicate black shadow of spar and rigging like a swaying bow of ebony in the shining concavities of the sails. From time to time Hiram would drop the tele scope from his eye and take a restless stride or two ; Stone stood to leeward of the binnacle, often keeping his gaze fixed upon the deck, occasionally stooping his head to look forward ; and Fortescue lean ing with folded arms against the weather rail, waited, with his face strange with its greyness and the expression in his eyes — which he would shift from the horizon ahead to Hiram. The men in the bows were beginning to glance aft, when the captain, who had been working away with the glass, suddenly dropped it, turned eagerly to ForteBcue, then with the start of a changed Intention went up to Stone, and said in a low vibratory voice, ' I see the humps, Bfll — two of them. Look for yourself.' The old seaman seized tie telescope and levelled it ; in a few moments he called out, 'Mr. ForteBcue, it is the island, sir!' 'it Is the hisland, men!' roared Hiram. 'Hoorah !' bawled Breeches, and at the Bignal the others gave vent to then pent up feelings in a cheer that drove away with the wind In a storm of noiae. 'Bill, some brandy— quick !' cried TTirn.m^ and in a spring he had caught the swaying form of Mr. Fortescue. They were glistening drops of sweat upon the clergyman's brow, his lips were ashen, and there was a swooning, upward rolling of his eyes ; but when TTirar' clasped him the sailor felt the power of the man's will in the desperate shudder of resolution ' that shook but also rallied him ; he stood erect with his hand pressed to Mb heart Stone arrived with some brandy ; Mr. Fortescue made a gesture, incapable, of speech. 'Drink It, sir,' cried Stone, with a stubborn, half -fierce manner. 'Swallow it, in the name of God ! This is only the beginning. Thick -what's to come.' 11 Drink it, sir,' said Hiram. The clergyman put the glass to his lips, and never was the tonic of such a draught more needed. It gave him life and, as he thought, speech ; but when with both hands he had grasped the rough muscular hand of Stone, his voice failed him with the first word he tried to speak ;' he looked at the face of the old sailor and wept. ' Let him cry, Hiram,' muttered Stone, anticipating the jcaptain's sympathetic in tentions. ' There's no relief like tears. I know it 'Tis a , good sign— It shows his manhood's sound.' 'Bill,' said TnraTn- ' your hand, mate. I have doubted ye — not as an honest man — no, God forbid ! but— but — shipmate,. I ask your pardon.' They clasped hands in silence. AH the men had seen the curate brsak into tears, and when they observed him turn his face to the sea with his hands concealing it, they supposed he still sobbed, all but Stone, who stepping away a little beckoned to Hiram and whis pered, 'Capt'n, he's with his God ! It's the island— -it's proper he- should pray. For-rfor — supposin' she ain't there V' 'Since iha1?s- real,' answered Hiram, huskily, pointing forwards, 'the rest ought to be.' There was a short pause, rendered un speakably Impressive by the attitude of the clergyman and by the silence among the f men, that wasaccentnated rather than disturbed by . the seething and washing noises of the water and the voices of the ?wind on high. Presently Fortescue turned and looked at Hiram and Stoneu ' Would you like to see. the island, sir ?' said the captain. ' It's features 'U be distinct enough now.' The clergyman took the telescope and pointed it. 'Cookl' sung out Hiram, 'bear a nasid.with the men's breakfast. Whilst you?re waitin', my lads, see all ready for histing out the boat. Ye can also tarn to and get the dipsey lead ready for a cast. ' Can you tell me anything about the soundin's, Bill?' 'I don't recklet no shoals. It'll. be deep water and safe to within a mile, any how. The surf '11 be heavy to windward. It used to be, as I, recall. We'll have. to pull in, round the heastern side. ; Chapter XXIX.— The Troth. The island stood plain In the powerful lens of the glass. Tfie tremble of the surf at the base was .visible,, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of a mirage by the surf's suggestion of clear space betwixt the shore and; the sea. It waa still blue in. the blue atmosphere, with a fabrine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-western point of land with the eastern curve, made its resemblance to a camel standing to Its belly in the water, with its iead under, as startling In its queer accuracy as a face in the fire or somie wild likeness in a cloud. Themoment Fortescue had it full, a swimming and a fainjbness chilled his brain; he shut his eyes, but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure an overwhelming emotion of awe and dread and wonder pos sessed nim. There was the island of his vision, Whatflgeneybutthehandof God had! painted in Its complete colors upon the eye of his slumbering soul that little space of land yonder that had been as un known to him as any valley, grove, or mountain- top in the brightest of the planets. It was like being brought dose to the spirit of God tobehold that manifes tation of His holy guiding ; to survey in its realisation the gleaming visionary object he had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderness,, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high supernaturausm In it for the mind of Fortescue to support in his then state of health. But there was Agatha to think of ! The motive, the Issue of the voyage became an absorb ing thought, .removing him from the perils of the great awe which the pro founder- sense of this act of Divine dis closure would have begotten In him. Was she on the island ? Would she be living or dead? 'Dear God!' he cried in his heart, and his eyes turned blind against the glass as his soul came to his tips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and the stunsails were taken in. A gaze as Marching and intent as ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock or rigging at the sea. was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island ; bat not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of any one being alive there. No smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. In the glorious morning sunshine veering northerly, each small eminence threw its black-blue shadow south-west ; off the surfaces of cocoanut' trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating lrridescence of oil on water, as the breeze trembled In the foilage, and the setting of. the little island La the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich, tropical tints' of vegetation, of 'bush, ©f long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral sand, was accentuated in a manner that from- the distance of tie schooner gave the picture a gem like emerald love liness by the heaping of the white surf along the windward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazzle of a mass of drifted snow. Now that the Island was made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The cor rectness of the captain's navigation on the one side, the vindication of the mate's solemn statement on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. ' We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of us, Bill,' Hiram said ; 'and that one or t'other of us is out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seein' as Uiere it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to it from the other side of the airth. But consider — only consider — If we'd ha' passed it out o' sight from yon masthead ! We might ha' found It by cruisin' about — and we mightn't — and if we hadn't you'd ha' been thought a liar, and Td been thought bin capable of truly navigatin' a craft ; there'd ha' been rows artor rows, and a reg'lax bloomin' muddle, whilst at to him ? ' and he nodded towards Fortescue with an extravagant shrug of the shoul ders. But if the feeling of relief and gratifi cation was lively and lasting it was soon subordinated for the time to an intense, perfectly natural curioBity as to whether the clergyman's extraordinary dream was to be completely confirmed by the disco very of the lady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage into a piece of wild, worth less, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within the Bcope of the eyes fixed upon it, the ere w as sembled In the bows : and ' standing by' for orders, whispered among themselves. The cheer they had given was not one they would have repeated in their present mocd. It was true the island lay solid and surf-beaten, an actual fact that the most nervously imaginative eye could not convert into a fantasy ; but it was something that had been seen thousands of miles off in a vision, and therefore to be viewed with awe and superstitious creeping, as old Breeches Implied, when, giving his trousers a drag up and spitting over the side, he said, ' ' There's nothing in it that's onnatural. I've seen the likes of such Meyands scoreB of times ; but I don'fa mind ownin' that I wouldn't take the walueof a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye was to tell me I'd see a ghost Td go; if ye was to tell me the devil was in hidin' there Td go. There's nothing as I could feel cock sure on as 'ud stop me. But when there's no one to Bay what a man might see or what might happen to him, swallow my eyeballs, Mickey, if a chap's to be called afeard for keeping to wind ward of the moonshine in sitch a quarter.' Of course the cook took the same view ; ; and through the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, superstitious, but hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing. ': After Fortescue had satisfied WmnftTf that there was nothing to be seen on shore indicative of the presence of living beings, he stood watching and waiting without speech ; but nobody could have glanced at him without witnessing the formidable conflict of emotions that was being waged within him. Formidable it was, and the more so yet, because even his own Intelligence, thinking amid that central calm, which like the vortex of the , cyclone is to be found at the heart of the wildest human agitation might fearfully fancy that whether the victory should be his fears or his hopes, such was the inten sity of his mental tumult his brain at the issue would stand in dire peril. And ? indeed it would have been enough to derange the stoutest mind to behold the Island that had been visionary as a dream at Wyloe— steadfast, green, and shining 1 upon the- sea under the schooner's jib boom; the same in outline, tint, vegeta r tion !— the same in the swarming of the gWflyfroth along its margin! — the same in its;friiaglngand clustering of treeB and bush i— the same in all minute details converging to the inexpressibly real and yeti phantasmal aspect it bore when it ? dimly but discemibly formed a background for the impassioned, despairful, pleading , figure of Agatha, stretching out her arms j to him from the shelving beach beyond theisurf, across the fiery leagueB of Indian ?water*. -- Was she there ? Was it possible, after nine months, that she should be living, and: there* amidst tills tremendous solitude of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from the very beauty of the lonely islet ? At which thought, regularly recurring, a shudder would pass through him that wrenched him as a convulsion, and. again and again both. Stone and Hiram marked him smear with his handkerchief the sweat off his forehead, Ignorant that he did so, and conscious of nothing but the rending thought; Should he fjqto his Lotb The schooner swept onwards; the island was now within a mile and a half ; another cast of the lead was had, and by the time the line was coiled down, the roar of the sorf was a distinct hollow moaning in the wind. Hiram took a fresh look at the land through the glass and shook his head at Stone; then sent his orders along the deck in a voice tremulous with excite ment. ' Hands by the weather topsail brace ! Down squareBBll ! Haul the tack of the mains'l up ! Down helm !' And amid a hurrying of figures and a song or two the Golden Hope was brought to the wind, and lay hove to, roDing lightly upon the swell, a mile from the island. 'Mr. ForteBcue, will you come along with me, sir, or would you rather remain here ?' said Stone softly. The curate started as from a trance and stared at the old sailor before replying. It was then that his resolution, which any man might have sworn he was wanting in at that moment, came to him in a flash and possessed him as though some marvel lous draught had transformed nerve into Bteel and mind into iron wilL 'Why, with you, Mr. Stone. How else ? Are you ready ?' 'All ready, tor j but I'd humbly re present that if she — if the lady — or putting it in this way : suppose ? ' the old fellow was stammering; but Fortescue glanced at him with a slight frown of surprise and walked to the gangway. ' Jump Into the boat, two of you, my lads. Mr. Stone, you'll take an oar,' sung out Hiram. There seemed a sort of hanging back among the men. In truth, at any other moment, there would have been something to laugh at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one another and yet shoving close together and staring ? one past another : Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything but mirth; Aneon, the cook, sulky and yellow: Johnny Simpson hiding in the rear; Goldsmith, with obstinate leathern jaws, slowly gnawing upon a junk of tobacco j and bo on. ' Now, then, into the boat, two of ye, d'ye hear?' bawled Hiram afresh; on which Breeches, with a sour face and. muttering in his growling croaking voice, ' Well, here goes for one. A dog must have two tails afore he feels too proud to obey horders,' walked to the gangway'and was followed by young Joe Hall. In a few moments the boat was pulling away toward the island, Fortescue In the stern Bheets and old Stone working away as stroke, looking over his shoulder to get the boat's head fair for the point it was necessary to round. It would be hard if no answer was ever returned to the prayers which men in Buffering put up to God. It ia so natural to lift up the -heart and the hands to Heaven when help, forgiveness, solace, strength are needed, that tie instinct er intuition which prompts the gesture and the whisper Is one of- the profoundest as surances we possess that the soul that rises with us is a Btar that 'cometh from afar,' and 'from God who is our home.' The sudden strength, nerve, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated a sense of iron resolution to Fortescue's mind, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions, made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special supernaturalism of the last moments of the outward passage, must have been an answer to his appeal. He had prayed for strength to encounter whatever was soon to be proved to have Iain-hidden in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and it had been granted him ; and it was well he had it. It is a common thing to hear of ^ expecta tion rising to agony ; but conceive what was felt by that marble- faced man, with his lips compressed to bloodlessness, his eyes scrutinising and burning, his arms tightly folded upon his breast as though he would physically crush down the tor menting and sickening bounding of his heart ; conceive his feelings as he sat looking towards the island, as the dull thunder of the surf came rolling to his ears over the long ocean swells, as no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to disturb to the Bight the frightful and enormous loneliness of that little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shining verdant .to the sun ! Why, it was enough to shake him to the very centre of his being merely to JcnoW; by seeing the island itself, how vivid, beyond all possible capacity of the mind's mechanism, 'unaided by direct re velation, was the vision he had beheld in Mb slumber at Wyloe, He was measuring now the identical space of waters he had seen the boat that contained Agatha pass ing over. Was she there ? Amid that boil ing whiteness yonder the boat had gone to pieces, and through that same thun derous surf she had been dragged by a heroic hand, and just beyond It she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended arm and a face full of the inexpressible anguish of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the Infinite leagues that sepa rated riim from the spot where this scene of flashing ocean and pouring sun and verdant island had risen before his sealed eyeB wrenched him with the wonderfulness of it like a heart- shudder. Was she {here? Oh ! surely the merciful God would not have led him thus far for no purpose. For sheer relief he turned his eyeballs, aching from the strain of the intensely searching gaze he fixed upon the Island, to the schooner — the beautiful schooner — the noble, staunch, auspiciously-named Golden Hope ; and the clear reflection of her appearance came like asoothlng greet ing to him as for a moment or two he marked her swaying upon the floating heaving of the deep, with a little windy rushing of finger-like shadows over her white sails, and flashings in the brimming blue liquid brows from the starry radiance kindled In her wet sides by the sunshine, and the heads of the crew liliputianiaed by distance, looking at the receding boat over the rail. The men pulled steadily ; Stone very grave, with occasional squints at Fortescue and prolonged looks over his shoulder at the island ; Breeches, in the bows, with the natural sourness of his expression emphasised by the drawn down corners of his mouth, tie curves whereof, at least on the right cheek, were made longer by the dark stains of tobacco juice ; and young Jce Hall between, giving his supple trunk a devil-may-care swing as though he reckoned himself specially watched from the schooner and com mented upon. Silence waa maintained for Bometime. At last old Stone, bringing his eyes away from the land, and staring under twitted eyebrows past Fortescue at the sea, muttered with a deep sigh or two— 'Heigho! heigho! hermit was, William, that I was that dry for drink I would have swapped the mother that bore me for a quarter of a pint o' water. By the way, Mr. Fortescue, did you bring e'er a drop o' brandy along with you i' 'Yes, I have a flask in my pocket,' answered the clergyman. ' Well I meant to have reminded ye of. it, sir. It may be wanted— there's no knowing. He turned to inspect the island. 'Make out any signs of life there, Bill? See anything moving ?' 'No,' responded Breeches hoarsely ; 'an* onless Ifs them «s Mr. Fortescue seeks, we don't want to see nothen.' 'How long 11 it be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come to fetch has bin cast away?' asked Hall. ' Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re sponded Stone, with something of depre cation in his manner, evidently consider ing the question mal apropos, and speak ing with singular solemnity. Then, addressing Mr. Fortescue, 'H there's any persons ashore there, sir, they'll have to be behind them humps. It's smooth water t'other side, and it's raysonable they should settle to leeward for the con venience of goln' a fishing, not to mention living clear of the shindy of that there surf. Heasy, Bill. Let's get her head out more. Why, this is a time of hex pectation, an' no mistake ! Dunno, arter all, if it wouldn't have been a good Idea to have fired a rocket or so, not having a gun aboard, that the explosion aloft might bring anybody what's ashore down to the beach to have a look.' He combed the sweat from his face with one hand, rowing with the other, as he added, with a fresh glance at the island, ' It's enough to make the heart bust clear of it's moorin's with anxiety to see them two bits o' MIIb stuck up there blottin' out the view one waats to get;' and then ob serving that the clergyman was absolutely incapable of conversation, the old fellow sank into silence with a dim far-away expression in his eyes that would have easily caused you to guess he was thinking of his own shipwreck in these waters. The white surf boiled up the beach and rushed back In thunder. Seeing the vast resplendent breaking of* the fine-weather breakers upon that coral shore, you might well have supposed that In storm the seas must Bweep In snow over the island. Giddy prismatic spurting of throbbing water rose fountain-like against the northern point when the arch of the land by its peculiar configuration, completed that camel-like aspect that has been again and again referred to. Every hue of growth and verdure was of singular tropical luxuriance, gaining in depth and purity of dye with the approaching gaze, whilst the sheen of the sunlight over all hung like a silver mist that gave the sky an appearance of quicksilver for many fathoms above the fringing of the trees and the tops of the little hills. Now, past the surf a few sea-fowl could be seen waddling upon a gleaming slope ; leas than a score were on the wing, sailing like the common gull, with arched necks and on tremorless pinions. The sound of the breakers was like a ceaseless cannonading; the softened commingling of the detonations of small ordnance. ' The creek's round that corner— it's smooth there. Pull, lads 1' cried Stone, with sudden excitement. The point, to which they had to give a widish berth, since the surf came down to it thin, but always dangerous, opened rapidly to the stroke of the oars, and re vealed the leeward part of the island . descending verdant and tender from the hillside to a broad strip of green level, whence went the sea, blue and quiet. The creek lay clear, stretching a hundred fathoms of radiant water into the land. The boat, heading for it, came broadside to the swell. At this instant Fortescue leapt to his feet with a sort of scream. 'Look!' he Bhrieked, pointing over the bow, and he uttered a loud hysterical laugh. 'Sit down ! For God's sake sit down, bit !' roared Stone, 'or yell capsize thg boat.' ' By thunder, re's A mas 1' cried) Breeches.. Stone grasped the clergyman and forced! him to sit, and whilst he still held hinx looked towards the land, where, to.tha right of the creek, midway between ita sea opening and its land limit, stood a tall hnman figure, with his hands hanging motionless to his side, his dark face tornecE towards the boat, and the whole aspect o£ him so rigid that he might have passed foil the wooden efiigy of a shipwrecked sailor*' fixed by some ironical hand upon thatj lonely rock, to counterfeit the human agoiiy of the living castaway. Fortescue sat In the stern-sheets, hut hands gripping the gunwale so fiercely you saw the veins standing up like whip* cord under the delicate skin, hia facg flushed to the brow, hia lips parted, hisi respiration short and oppressed, and wlthj such a light in his eyes that anyone mighfe have sworn they had caught the febrila fire from madness. The long sweep of thei oars had brought the boat near enough tat the mouth of the creek to enable him ts distinguish the man's features, and it waa another shock too full of the supernatural in its first impulse for joy for him; to witness in the lonely figure the verjf likeness of the man he had beheld in his] vision battling through the surf and bear* ing Agatha ashore. ' It Is the boatswain of the Verulam,^ he cried, so huskily as to be bareljf articulate ; at the same moment tha boat entered the smooth water of tha creek, and was presently laid alongside^ -the white sand on the right, that* went up into grass and bush. Motionlessly, with hanging arms anc£ burnt hollow face, the man had bees watching them ; he now raised a strange} cry of transport, which found a derisiva echo in the hoarse notes of the birds over* head, and made as if he would run to* wards the boat ; but God best knows the: emotions that would paralyse him at such! a time ; he took a stride or two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst Fortescue^ Stone, and Breeches jumped out of the} boat, leaving Hall in charge. ' Has the sight of us killed him ?' saict Stone, in a trembling whisper, whilst Breeches cast a hurried nervous glanca around. But ere they reached him he had struggled to his legs and stood erect before them. Father of Mercy ! what a figure f piteously trembling from head to foot,1 his lips moving but without utterance, tears coursing down his cheeks. A ragged! seamen's jacket covered his naked breast,1 and he wore a pair of canvas trousers ia shreds about the legs. This was his attire«| His black hair was as long as a woman's,' and lay upon his back and shoulders ire a matted mass. TTiq face was nearlj of the complexion of chocolate, with sun« burn, and bis wild, shipwrecked, moafc lamentable appearance, was completed by a long black beard and moustaches. AnxE yet the tall figure, the fine physique, the manly looks of one who had been, an$ might yet again be, a noble specimen of an EngliBh sailor, were visible through tha tremors, the tears, the rags, the haggard* ness of this castaway. Fortescue ran to him and grasped his hand. ' You were the boatswain of tha Verulam !' he cried. .' We have coma to save you !' The man Bank upon his knees, kissing' the clergyman's hand. The spur of tha southernmost hill came down to the se% a quarter of a mile beyond ; it was all greerr growth to there with some cocoanut trees on the head that hid the land behind*' Fortescue looked that way, then at tha kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and| tried to speak, but his voice failed him.1 On which Stone said, 'Give me tha brandy, sir,' and pouring out a dram pre« sented it to the man ; he drank it, ancE Stone said, ' For God's sake collect yourz energies, 'Tis a surprise to kill a mart pretty nigh, as can't I reckon, havin'- been myself cast away here, though not foB nine months as ye have. But it's all right now ; get on your legs, mate, and tell us if there's more of ye. Tell us,' ha said, putting his lips to the kneeling man's ear, 'if there Joq more of ye?' The suspense of a lifetime may hst crowded into a minute ; think, then, of the agony of it. The man tried to speak, straggled, and was helped on to his feefr by Stone, who held him ; and he pressed! his hands to his temples as if his head] would burst, whilst the rapt, eager gaza fixed upon him by the two seamen was In its way almost as passionately anxious as the eyeB which Fortescue regarded him with. 'Merciful Christ !' suddenly exclaimedl the man in a hollow voice, ' to think you? should have come. It is nine months^ you Bay?' ' For the love of God, shipmate, tell us — are you alone?' cried Stone, ancl Breeches echoed, 'Aye, for God's sake^ telluB.' ' No,' answered the man, frowning ancE grinning with the violence of his efforts ia steady his mind, and still trembling and weeping. 'There is a lady — beyond there— come !' he yelled, ' let's get hefi — then be off ! — then be off ! There's onlj us two ! I'll carry her myself ! I bora her through the boiling outside tar wind'ard, I saved her from a bloody villain ! Her life shall be owin' to ma yet. Hoorah!' Again he made as if to run, and again' fell, but this time in a dead swoon, ancl there he lay, for all they could tell, $ corpse. ' BUI, keep by him in case he comes to,' exclaimed Stone. 'Mr. Fortescue, let's find the lady, sir. No good wasting a minute of time more'n can be helped.' The grass and bush grew plentifully^ ..the former of an Tnfli«.r- kind, so tally harsh, and intertwined as to be stubborn to the thrusting of the leg. It was oppressively hot, the glare of the sun coming down pasb the hill brassy in * blaze of light on the verge of whosa atmospheric circle the few clouds blow* ng that way melted. The sea wenfr away from the incline of the hill in a surface of exquisite blue ; bufe the silence in the island was full oC the thunder of the eternal surge of tha Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward shore. Wherever the coral sand stoocl bare to the eye a dazzle came off it almost as off polished tin. The arrival of tha boat or the movements of the men seemed to have quickened or alarmed the birds into activity, for now many sea-fowl — st sort of gannet chiefly, black and grey,' wheeled impetuously overhead, flying ou£t to sea in sudden darlings, then returning, and raising sounds that were like a con,* tinual sawing by a number of carpenters, every man working with a tool that yielded a different note. Yet through these cries and the sounds of the surf could you heap the delicate moaning or sighing noise o£ the pleasant trade wind blowing through; the bushes, and bending the long grass, and making whatever foliage the trees hung out to it tremble their greenisbi sheen against the azure heavens, till its was like an overflowing of silvery bright ness from the leaves, very beautiful to behold. 'Jo think that I should find myself here again !' exclaimed Stone, rathes thinking aloud than addressing Fortescue.; ' Lord, what a lot a man goes through irx tbiB here world I' They reached the summit of the sputf and stood a moment looking. From tha base of the short incline, the ground, thick with undergrowth, bush and grass went level to a similar slope of land that formed the spur or fall of the other hill. In the middle of this flat, within ready obser* vation, there stood a little structure easily seen to be formed of the trunks and boughs of bushes which had been stripped of all growths deemed superfluous, withi an arched- shaped roof of boughs and tha like Interlaced, and the whole fairly covered with grass, plaited, and yellow with heat and decay. That was all. Ia was just a little arbour. Something like^ It you will see 1n gawlens where great ; -. traShes have Iweniiollowsd into an aper- , ^jOre you nave to stoop to enter. . j ' 'She's nowhere about— ttiat'U be her iihelter, sir ; you'll find her iiete,' said ! Stone. ? in silence they approached tfie etrae 3fcuie, Fortescne hardly breathed; hk lips were bloodless ; he trembled altnoBt ? as the man that fainted had ; when with in a stone's throw of the house he stopped. It was evident the entrance faced the sea or was on the other side. This side It was a blank wall of greenery cunningly vrreathed, and moving as an exhibition of patience in suffering and in hopelessness. 'the curate grasped the old sailor by the 'Mr. Stone,' whispered Fortescne with ids parched throat ; 'if I should suddenly show myself the joy might craze her, you &»ow. How shall we act ?' 'Why that thought's been in me all ihrongh,' answered Stone. 'Suppose you stand behind one of these here ijushes— I'll peep in. If she's there, I'll -Bpeak to her and prepare her. Bein' gruff an' nautical I can't upset her — out- Bide the mere notion of bein' saved — as a person better bred than me might.' ForteBcue motioned to him to act as he Suggested. Stone walked to the structure and found the entrance of it facing the Sea. It was a cone-shaped slit rather than a doorway, and he had to stoop to peer In. JXhe interior was a green twilight, with the Sun in the north sending golden threads aof light through the leafy roof and side, and wherever these radiant threads touched Jhe ground they seemed to spread and tremble into little popls of liquid gold. A quantity of long grass lay thick upon ±he floor: it had been cut down by a iaiife and had turned to the hue of hay, and it was as coarse as straw. In the right hand corner of the strange, Sxbor-like structure, on the right hand as you looked in at the door, there was a lieap of this grass and upon it lay J&gatha; Fox ; hi attire, a scarecrow, with arms naked and white breasts half con cealed, unstockmged feet, yet with re mains of female apparel swathing her ; that is to say one thing hiding the rent in another. Think for yourself if you need a clearer picture. She had been nine months cast away: and what she wore when she was dragged ashore was all she iiad. Stone stood a moment or two watching Iher. Her hair, that was of a rich and lustrousanbum and wonderfully abundant, Jiang with all the wildness of dishevel anent from her head, and lay in a mass Upon the floor, albeit she had her Cheek in her hand propped on the elbow. !Ehe old sailor looking, with his heart in his throat, might have expected to £nd little more than a skeleton in a woman delicately nurtured that had Jjeen immured for nine months, tor mented by thoughts inexpressible, by Buffering which could find no meaning in Words ; yet in the swift glances he stole le noticed on the contrary a roundness and fulness as of positive health indeed in Jier face, likewise a healthful fleshiness of limb. The delicate feet and hands and arms were scarlet with sunburn, but the face was pale and spirit- like, with a Curious repose or immobility of beauty, heightened one .might suppose into an aspect rarely seen beneath, the stars by ihe disordered unheeded glory of her &air;, and by the rags upon her expressing and half- exposing the perfection of female form through the squalor that the ocean ?brings about — not to be likened to what ire know of the same thing ashore. She leaned her head upon her right arm, and with her left hand she looked to be trying to gather up a pool of sunshine that lay close beside her. There was a large turtle Bhell in one corner with water in it, and Jjhat composed 'the -furniture of the -arbour —for such it was. She was intent, upon gatheiing up the pool of light, scooping at it, so to sjeak, with the sharp of her little jiand, and laughing to herself as often as She failed. Stone coughed and stood full in the doorway with his head bowed and his head tared ; he imagined she would scream out and spring to her feet, and, he busily rehearsed what to say to her ; but instead, and without moving any portion of her figure, but her head, she stared at him with a little bewildered frown and then — jjmiled Stone tried to speak, but such was his astonishment that the words stuck in his ?Hnvta.fr. It was not only this reception — the smile — the perfect tranquility of her manner staggered him ; he was fascinated Jjy something he noticed — something dis coverable but surely not interpretable by jiim — in the expression of the purely soft, jmstartled grey eyes she fixed upon him. Again he essayed to speak ; some rum idling sounds escaped him ; once more she 'Smiled with touching sweetness, and still preserving that smile, turned to the little flood of sunshine and tried to gather it azp. 'My God!' cried the old seaman aloud, recoiling into the open by a stride, with an involuntary horrified toss of his jband ' she's lost her mind.' As he spoke Fcrtescue gripped his arm Slid with hk other hand shading his eyes peeted in through the entrance of the arbor. (To be continued.; 