LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIYVORCE. Br BERTHA 3L CLAY. AUTIIOIt eO "0'IS ONE 3ISTAKE," "TII5IOWN ON TIIE WOPLD," '"A STRUGGLE FOL A I?ING," "A BITTERATONEMENT," ETC. Continued from Last Week. The Castlcmains ladies had all been of that description-all gentle, docile, and obedient, yielding to their husbands in everything. No master in what fidlh they had been reared, the Co.tlenaueo Ladies always adopted their husband' faith. No matter in what political school they had been educated, they became conaereative when they became Castlemaines. No such thing was ever known in the annals of the family as the rebellion of a wife against her husband. No such thing was known as a division of opinion. The Ladies Csstlemaine, separately and distinctly, carried out that beautnliful line of lilton's "He for God only; she for God in Him." Bot this line by no means applied to Ger trude-Lady Castlemaine. She had been brought up in more modern days, when obedience is an old-fashioned virtue, almost out of date, and which few people care to practice. She loved her husband with her whole heart but it would never have entered her mind to have changed any thought, principle, or idea of her own out of deference to him. If there was to be any changing, it should rather be on his side. Had they been alone, these differences oa .....aptobrisoyulc4ord.wvsei nsms.tlojeenzot,. they would hardly have been noticed, but the presenee of their hidden enemy, Isabel Hyde, made the whole world of difference to them. There was some one to note every slightest difference, some one to repeat every word thl young wile uttered, with additions so slight they were hardly to be remarked; yet it was these small additions that always held the sting.. It was Isabel who always repeated to Ger. trude every remark that her husband made on ancient lineage, together with every word that fell from his lips on the subjeet of the newly made titles or the want of good de scent. It was Isabel who pointed all these words, and in repeating them, made her own comments and told them in her own fashion. She persevered so industriously, and she was to untiring in her efforts, she was so skilful that she succeeded in raising the shadow of discord between husband and wife-encceeded to her own unutterable delight, and rejoice in her success. Lord Castlemaine, who was far too noble himself to suspect any want of nobility in others, began after a time to entertain a cer tain sense of irritation against the wife whom he yet loved with passielonate love. "Why could she not think as he thought? Why must she be the only one of the Ladles Castlemaine to have opinions nd ideas differ. ant from those of the head of the family." Whenever she had an opportunity sabeo Hyde talked to himabout this. Lord Castle. maine would say something either about the antiquity of his family, his house, or his title, and dilate upon it. She was always equal to the occasion. "What a pity it is, Lord Castlemaine," she would say, "that Gertrude is not of your opinion; she thinks so differently." Then would follow a profound sigh that said, as plainly as words could have spoken: "I am of your opinion,.and have blind faith in all your ideas, but that is useless." Again Lord Castlemaine would feel irritated at some remark that his beautiful youan wile had made, and which had been repeated with additions to him. "I cannot imagine,' he would"ay, " why Gertrude is not like the other ladies of our house." There were times when Gertrude would tell him, with laughing frankness, that "the other addies of the house must have had mirsjfllke shests of blotting paper, to receive aefeetein anything that was impressednpon "I think," she would say, "that differ ase of opinion gives a great zest to conver. nation." "A zest I do not like," cried Lord Castle. maine. "Yon would like it in time," Lady Castle maine would reply. "I am quite sure, Gertrude, that I should not I" he would answer, with offended dig nity... "iYou think that a husband should rego late the ideas and opinions of his wife, just as he regulates the hoars of meals, the quantity and quality of his guests," said Lady Castle. maine, laughingly, bat deep earnestness lay beneath this laughter. " Most certainly, I think se," he answered. "So would any sensible man." "Sensible men must be at a discounnt," she replied. "I should say yon are the'only per son in England who has such an exploded notion of the rights of husbands." "Still, I do hold them," he said, "and as I hold them, you ought to respect them." "o, I do not see that," anewered Ger trade. "I should consider it tyranny for any man to expeet such a thing. For a wife to do that, would be to lose her identity alto. gether. " A true wife should have no identity apart from her hnusband," said Lord Castlemnine. But that beautiful young wife of his looked proudly at him, as she answered: "I would not do each a thing. I should never merge my individuality into that of any other person." "You forget," hewould say, ' that hushbnd and wife are one." "In name, in love, in heart, out not in thoughts and opinions. It is a very different thing; giving your heart and giving your mind are qoite distinct things. I gave you my whole heart, Ruodlpb, but I did not give y my mind. I have reserved that for my. Lady Caetlemaine, having the ks'nest wit, and womanlike, the qouickest flow of wordr, generally won the victory ; but they were victories which cost her dearly. Each controversy, each stontly contested argument seemed to weaken in nmoa little degree the love of the man who could not .n dure contradietion or opposition-who eihldi not brook any idea except those he had himeritl It would not have mattered in the leant. had they been left alone; after a few minutes the wife would have gone to her husband, and "How foolish we are to argue and dirngre over trifles. What does anything mattr pro vided only that we love each other." Or the husband would have sought his wile, and said: " We will not argue, darling; let my stron ger thoughts guide you, let your swerer thoughts guide me; nothing matters but that we love each other." But this never happened, for there was som: pne:salways at and, to. fan every tiny eparkinto burning flame, to irritM, toannoy, to deepen every bad impression. Always at hand uweneverone cf these little discussions occurred,and few daye pessedw ith out them, she noted with quick, keen ears all that was said, and she knew exactly how to fan t~s e. Lora' K. mainewould go to his favourite seat, the giro window-seat in the library, or out on the southern terrace, from where one could see the shining blue sea, and take a cigar to console himself. So eure as he lighted it, ho would find the beautifulol face and figure of Isabel by his side. "I must try to convert Gertrude to your way of thinking" she would begin; and then a feeling of irritation rose in his heart that even a shadow could lie between himscel and his young wile. "I will convert her myself," he would answer, proudly. Then Isabel would shake her head. "I do not knew; I am not sure that you wilL" she would say, doubtfally, and that irritated him the more. Then she would seek her other victim, and would kiss the beautiful face, and say, laugh. ingly; ' Youn mist not give in to that husband of yours, Gertrude; he has great ideas of his own autburity." * Far too great," she would reply, laugh. ingly. "He wants three years' apprentice ship to a class of strong- minded womn. I fear that even I am too meek for him." "You must not give way to him, or you will entirely lose your own individuality," said Isabel. "I shall never do that," said Lady Castle maine, proudly; and although she loved her husband with all her heart, there was always a sense of angry. irritation left after one of these conversations. It was a web of another khnd that Isabel Hyde was weaving now. It was more suc cessful than the first. Then she had tried to weave the web of love round the heart of one man; now she tried to weave the web of hate over two hearts that, but for her, could never have been disunited. She laughed at times with a wicked sense of victory, and at times she wept, despair ing of success. But, day by day, the web grew longer, and stronger, and lees liable to break. CHAPTER XIV. rýnar no nor sr .6o TzrrrTan ou,"'· It is a terrible thing to throw one's self wil fully into the way of temptation, as Isabel Hyde had done. Knowing that she loved Lord Castlemaine, she ehoold have kept the breadth of the world between herself and him, but in her reckless desire for vengeance -in her mad, passionate desire to fulfil her vow, she forgot or utterly ignored the danger and the temptation for bherself. .She had given, unsought and unasked, the whole passionate love of her heart to Lord Caetlemainc. She had hated with insane hate the beautiful girl who had, as she con sidered, taken his love from her. She had voluntarily placed herself under their roof for the Iurose of seeking vengeance. But she forgot that in so doing she must suffer unutterable pain herself. Every kind and loving word that Lord Castlemaine addressed to his wife was like a sword in her beart. She would grow cold, sick, and faint when she saw his great esollC rude, his care and attention for her. Her hbart buorned with jealously and envy. There came a morning when a damp, cold wind seemed to sweep the warmth away: the atmosphere was all damp, the bkips grey and lowering; the suon had oet in osullen di'. content for the day, and Lord Caalemaaine saw his wife, wrapped in her ccStly fore, going out. Isabel was with her. " Gertrude, where are you going f" was his erst ouestion. " I am going to Iedmaos, ' was the prompt and eheerful reply. Redmose was the nearest town to Neath Abbey-a bright, pleasant town by the sea. " To Redmoes I" he repeated. "With whom are you going darling I" " With Isabel," she replied. "'fHow are you going? Ihope you have nrd'red the brougham?" 0' O. Rudolph, what a string of questions" No. I have not; we are going to walk." Tita convereation took place in the great entrance hall, where Lord Castlemaine met the two .l'd:'. H-? went up to his wife, and laid his hba.l on the fur sheen of her jacket -a mrgnifitent fur for which he had given a fahutoun price-one of his wedding presents to her. "This is warm," he said, "but, Gertrude. darline. it cannot shut out the damp. 'You maut. breathe the damp air, in spite of .your rm furs. D , not go out; or if you will go, eorder tile broughram." She cried out impatiently that it would not hurt her, that she bad often been out in the damn' and would have no carriage. "Yon make. me feel like a delicate old woman when you filget about me in that She looked up at him with a smile as she spoke, but there was some little sign of irri. attion. Isabel Hydo stood by, a silent spectator; each word, so expressive of his tender esolici tude for her beautiful rival, pierced her heart. ." I will not be an old woman aet," repeated Gertrudo. "I like you to go out in the frost," said Lord C wtlemaine; "that hurts no one. But damn air is quite another thing." " Oh, Rudolph," cried Lady Castlemaine, Syou will make me impatient.". *..t is not an old woman you resemble," said Lord Castlemaine. "It is a beautiful white rose. Now I ask you, Gertrude, how could a fragile white rose live in this miserable damp ?" There flashed upon him the light of two heautiful dark eyes,. in which love, pain, scorn, and dispair were all a-ld. ' Js all youer ca' r rsolicitude lor white r-e '?" asked Isabe. Hyde; "have red roses ,nthing to fear?" " If you take my advice you will not go," he eaid,'lowly, "I do not think it is a fit' tinu day for any lady to go ot." l "S;ill," she continoed, "you would not hroe remonstratel if you had seen me going alone e e" . 'n r. . Ho toulerd ot her somewhat w0nderingly, knowing noaiing of the storm of jealousy that eonther heart in twain. "' Well," hereplied, ' you see, ~iss Hyde, it is not the same thing. I might have advised you, but I could not interfere with yoU." 'I may go out and get killed with the damp, and you would not say one word to me," cried Isabel "Forgive me, but how very impetuous ye ladies are," he said. "Ihavedispleasedyou, Isabel, and half offended Gertrude; yet Iran not imagine why." " You are over eolicitous for me," said Lady Castlemaine. "You are not solicitious enough for me," cried IsabelHyde, and then seeing the startled look in his eyes, she began to laugh, but no woman ever laughed with such an effort be fore; her jealousy had for the time carried her beyond herself.- All that loving care and z;licitude for Gertrude-the wind most not blow too roughly on her, the damp museet not come near her; but what did he care for her? He was so anxious and solieitions about Ger trude that he did not seem to notice whether she were going ount or not. But the wonder in his eyes called her toherself. What right had she to'show anyi jealonsy of another womea's husband.?. . . She laughed, but there was littlermieo o id the laugh. " While so much care and solicitude are to be had," she said, " I may as well claim a share." SYou will always have it from me," said Lady Castlemaine; "I strongly advise you not to walk out this damp, unhealthy day." He looked at her kindly, and she felt that to have that sense of loving care always over her she would give her life itselt "I shall go," said -Lady Castlemaine, "damp or not damp, I have determined to go to Redmose, and go I will." "I will not," said Isabel Hyde. "Lord Castlemaine is quite right, the day is against us." After those few kind words and that kind look, Gertrude could not have opposed him, so a compromise was made and a carriage ordered. The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a few more threads in that strong subtile web of hers. She took Lady Castlemaine to task in a fashion quite her own. That afternoon, as they lingered in the warm cozy boudoir, over a cup of delicious tea, she commenced her attack. "Gertrude," she said, "you do not under. stand your husband." "Hot understand him I" cried Lady Castle. maine. " I beg your pardon, I am quite sure that Ido." Isabel Hyde shook her beautifol head. " No, my dear, you do not. I really be lieve," she added, somewhat imprudently, "that I should understand him, in time, better than you do." No jealousy stirred Lady Castlemaine'e heart; she only thought that Isabel was a little too outspoken; still she would like to know what was meant. "What do you mean, Isabel?" she asked, gravely. "Nothing to make a tragedy about," she replied. "I was thinking of this morning. I was so struck by his care and solicitudo over you, and you grew impatient with him." " I am not very impatient," said Gertrude, with a sudden contrition, "I own it, but I cannot endure to be fbased over and watched. You are right, Isabel. I was, as you say impatient without cauoe." "I knew at once that it was his care for you that made him persist," continued ?abel. "I have often noticed that when he tries beat to please you, you understand him the least." .--Lady.Casleetaieuioumld .not explain, even -. to herself, hut 'something in'that moment'' seemed to rise, like a shadow, between her husband and herself. It has not jealousy; as yet that fatal and terrible passion had not awoke in her heart. It was an intangible something-a shadow; and the clearest idea she had after the interview was, that sheldid not really understand her husband, and that other people oould read his character better than she could. She felt further away from him that day than she had since they were married. It was a miserable day to Isabel; she had voluntarily placed herself in temptation, yet she could not endure to see Lord Castle. msin 's passionate love for his wife. Once, as she was standing on the grand staircase. waiting for something that her maid had gone to find, she saw husband and wife meet quite accidentally in the halt It was in the shadow of the winter afternoon, before the lamps were lighted. She heard Lord Castl maine say : "Gertrude,darling, is that you ?" She heard the gently murmured "Yes." Love alone usee Euch tones. Then she saw him clasp his wife in his arms, and cover hr face with kisses.. " My darling, my" beautiful wife. I shall come andhavo a oer of tea with yot." Isabel turned away. utterly unable to bear it. If by one wish, if by rioinso her finger, the could have struor ta.' r'hie.roes beaoty from G-rtr-le', lsa' . .' ..-- .elt have done it. In her passionate, jealos rage, she could have struck dead the man she loved. " Lead nos not into temptation 1' The words came to her like faint sounds. through a mist. In her heart-that jealous, despair. ing heart, full of love fora man who had never loved her-she felt capable, in that moment, of any crime; she could have slain that fair young wife; she could have slain the man whose dark, handsome face had lured her to her doom. She turned away. Death wdhld have not have been so bitter as the pain that rent her heart. An hour afterwards, when Isabel Hyde went, as was her custom, to the warm, cozy boudoir where the tea awaited her, Lady Castlemainelooked at her in wonder. "Isabel," she cried "how ill you look ! Youhave lost all your beautiful colanr. You deserve to lose your name; you are not at all like a Bed Bose--and you are trembling, no tually trembling." "I do not see anything wonderful in that; Gertrude ; any one might tremble on a cold December afternoon." " I will give you some hot tea," said Lady. Castlemaine. " BRudolph said he would join us." He came, looking so handsome, so brave, so kind, and his eyes were so full of admirn lion and love for his wile, that Isabel could hardly bear it. "Lead us not into temptation I " YTt she had come there purposely to be tempted her self, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternoon, as showatched guileless, innocent love, the simple happiness of husband and wife, she repeated her vow. She would part them; comewhat might, cost what it would, she would part them, for eyer'. and aye. - But btot was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and hate help and aid her l How was it to be done ? CHAPTER XV. 5a0 Kmos eal quczaes or ?tu?o'rn. SThe Christmas week was ended, Jet none Sof the guests felt inclined to leaveNeath. The : : holiday had been eo plesant--every variety •, old English sport and pastime had been in requisition-charade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day; yet, the day was not long enough It Tas a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine and Miss Hyde were the two qoeens; Lady Castlemaioe woung, beaultifol, gilred with high spirits, aet w ways bright, always ready to enoy everything to its fullest extent, was the leader of the sevels. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graceful, too, followed her lead,aond no one knew of the shadow of tragedy the hung over her, or of her terrible vs,:?. < "I have been ao happy here," she said, one morning, "that I shall not like going away." " Yon need not go away; stay until the end of Janoary; I shall be delighted, and I am sure Rodolph will." . Her heart ached just a little at her owt treachery; the fair face looked so smilingly into hers ; the blue eyes were so dlear and guieless ; the invitation had been so cordially given. Yet she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, that she might werk her cruel will and part them. Good impulses came to her at times and pleaded for them pleaded to her to go away and leave them to put Lord Csotlemaioe out of her life-to be true to the beautiful women whom she 'called friend. What harm had they done to her ? L~dy Castlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery; neither had the earl been her lover, for the love was all on her aide, not on his: he had never even been conscious of it. There were times even now when she almost wished that she had let him see how. mach she loved him; and yet she would have \- lowered?eer wn.e elf-resrpeet,'ad lowered.it in vain,ifor from thk omment'he bsheldl?"?G-n' trade he had neither eyes nor ears for any one "I do not think," she said-to herself, bitb terly, '!that if I had gone on,my knees to him, to pray of him to marry; me; that if I had been as beautiful as Venus, and descended like a queen, that he would have married There were times when she gave herself np to wondering over the strange problems of life; as to why it was that she, who could have been so happy, should find the whole world so dark and dreary because the loie of her life was given to one who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault-that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be usneeless; that she had given free rein to a passion that should have been croshed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, eircumstances, fate, chance-any and everything, except herself. Of all the impolses that came to her, of all the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, none were strong enough to cause her to falter in her purpese. Her purpose in life nas to separate husband and wife-to kill the great love that lay between them, and put hateinits plade.' She worked perseveringly and indusetri ounsly; she never allowed the slightest chance to pass. If she could possibly make Lord Castle. maine impatient with his wife, if she could irritate him against her, if she could rouee obstinate self-will that was so strong within him, she would be happy. If, by some langhing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she could rouse Gertrude's prideagainst her husband, she felt-one degree nearer vitolry. Yet it was all done with such skill, snch oraft; sch snubtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one chance. One morning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, Hiss Hyde, and several other visitors, were together and were discnssing tableaux vivante for the evening. "Let os have one tablean from that most picturesque period of English history, the reign of Henry the Eighth," saidLody Castle maine.. She turned ts her husband with a smile. "Which of all King Henry's wives do you prefer?" she asked. He was silent for a few'minutes, then he replied: - _ Catharine. oAragon," <'"And I," she said, "prefe rAne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy-woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite heroines in history." "There is one thing about her that I can never understand," said Isabel Hyde, "and it is, how the king could hate her so deeply after lowing her so much." "There you touch upon a strange meta physical question," said Lord Castlemaine. "It is said that love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." "I cannot imagine hating any one who has been dearly loved," cried Lady Castle. manue. "I can," interrlpted Isabel. "I agreewith Lord Castlemaine ; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." "You remember," said Lord ECastlemaine, "that most expressiveline: "Hellknows no fary like a woman scorned." He spoke qite unconsciousely, not thinking at all of Mies Hyde. But she gave him one glance-it said so much that ii any one had interpreted it, that person must have under. stood the position at a glance. "Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Castle maine; "the idea is avery powerful one. I wonder if therd'is much wasted love in the woerld." " Ye,"said Isabel Hyde, briefly, youn may be quite snre of that." " Yon muet'read e anogeline," said Lord Castlemaine, and see what Longfellow says about wasted oflections. He declares that .nlction never is wasted." " "1 do not blieve," aid Isabel Hyde, "that he ould prove his words. But ie are going Slong way from Anne oldeyn. You woul like a picture from that most troubled time, Lord Castlemainel" "Yee," he said ; "Ihave often thought hon intereating oa series of historical tableaun would be--one taken from each reign. 'It would be interestiong and amusing." "You would be King Henry," said Isabel; " but, Lord Cnstlemaine, you do not look the part.. King Henry was fair, and florid, and stout ; you ar dark, and-- and-I was going to add, handsome; but I must not say that. She added in her own, mind that he hed indeed the grand, dark beaunty that pin inres give to Spanish binge, and her eyes told her thoughts.plainly. I h "Ifwe have that tableaux," said Lady Castlemaine. ' I sholdlike to be Anne Boleyn Sam sure I could act a character that is familiar to me, and one that I like." "And I," said Miess Hyde, "should like to be Catherine of'Areagon." "She was old and plain," interrupted l?dy Castlemaine. .,She was his wife," replied Isabel; "he tovedher first and best; heloved her well and faithfally-for hew many years 2" "He loved Anne Boleyn more in the few years of his wooing and his marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over all those years." "I wonder,":' said Isabel, "which of his wives he really loved the best. Each one seemed to have separate and different eharac feristies. Catherine was 'every inch a queen;,' a royal lady, true to God, andto duty. What she must have souffeered when she found her husband's love going from her to one so young andbeautifulasAnne-the tortures of jealounsy, the fear, and the doubts. I should say than no woman ever sulfered more." "I hope not," onidLord Cariftmaine. "Then," continued Isabel, "comem you favocrite, Lady Castlemaine. Her one oharacterintie seems to have been her bright, wonderful beaoty--her laoghing, roqoetteii nature. Bot what a short-lived triumph While the king wooed Jane Seymonr, how she mnst have soffered in her torn all the agonies that she inflicted on Catherine I" "Jane Seymour mnst have been very beanti Id," said Lady Castlemaine. "She was young, fresh, and fair, history says. I should think she was shrewfd and ealculating. She had seen a queen deposed he room for Anne Boleyn, and she re Sthat Anne should be deposed for her. not think that I care much for her; a JUrless character, I think." Then comes - character whom no one -a character without romance or poetry no of Cleves. I have often wondered Cleves is." walked in and walked out of history." Isabel Hyde. "Then comes a wife am I have always felt greatest. sorrow, thy, and pity-that pretty, wilful child, .ine Howard; she was but a child. T reading somewhere, the other day, that night before her execution her cries were o terrible and so appalling, that strong men who heard them trembled. " I wonder," cried Lady Castlemaine, " that the whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear the monster from the throne. That is the moot wonderfulpart of his history to me-that he was allowed to live." " Then comes the last wife of all, Catherine Parr. - I always think of her as a motherly woman, dressed in gray or brown, and mach given to serious reading." " Perhaps on his death- bed," said Lady Castlemaine, " he saw the ghosts of his dead wives-Catherine, whom he tortured to death by breaking her heart; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, slain in her early youth ; Jane Seymour, whom he forgot as eoon as she was dead. Neow which of these Wives did he love beat; " "Catharine of Arregon-there can be no doubt of it," saidlord Castlemine. " She was the love of his life--ther were but the loves of an hour." " Do you think a man ever has two loves in his life?" asked Isabel Hyde, and she looked with a clear, straight glance into the earl's eyes. "No," was the prompt reply; "every man has one love that is aboveall others, tndwhich is never repeated; "and he, in his turn, look. eg at his beautiful young wise, seemed to say, " Such love as is mine for youn." This did not please Isabel, who could read his thoughts as plainly as she could hear the eutepokenwords of others. She turned the con. cration back to its own channel. "I wonder," she raid, slowly, " whatpeople would do in these days if an English king be. havedin such away." , "They would give him short shrift," sait Lord Caetlemaino, quickly. " Enoglishmen, in these days would not stand by in silence, while a younge and beauti ul queen was beheaded," said Lady Castle maine. " People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings." " It we have the tableao." interrepted Ioabe Hyde, promise me that I shall be the wife the king loved beat, Catharine of Aragon." "Iwill see to that," laughed Lord Castle. maine; and Lady Castlemaine smiled as she said: "If the poor Queea Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no AnneBoleyn. CHAPTER XVI. Ton nhe vsr o Qloe s. Never had the grand old abbey of Neath besn filled by such a crowd as that assembled there during the first week of the new year It was a dream of fairy-land, a dream oi delight. The night that every one enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tableaux vivants. It was the crown of all other festivities. The old abbey was brightly illuminated. The light from the numerous windows streamed out in great ruddy floods on the white, hard round. The lights were so brilliant that they could be seen far away. The abbey was crowded with guests from far and` near; the neighbours who had driven there oaring little for the cold of the winter's night, caring little for thl frost and the snow. ?umor had been busy, and mush had been said about the beauty and magnificence of the tableaux, oe the rare loveliness of the ladie who had to take part in them.at Not ea ionvi Iation was renused, despite the disadvsntage of wind and weather. The tableaux were to be held in what was once a msgnificent banqueting room, in the days when the Cantlemaines entertained the kings and queens of England. A more modern and smaller dining- room had long since been built, and the old banquet-hall was used as a ball- room or for private theatricals. It was an invaluable room at Chrietmas time, for it would hold half the residents of the county. Such a room to dance in I There was no other like it. iBt to-night it presrnte distinctive features. There is a saget with crimson curtains befor it, row alter roe of easy-.chairs and velvet-covered bhoneh?-; there are magnificent decorations of flowera and Christmas evergreens; the great than. deliers are filled with wax tapers and the light, though brilliant, is sult and Pearly. Such an audience was gathered togebrher -all the aristocracy for miles, aortud. Half the county wan there- young and S~retty girle, fair and bonnie matrons, hne aeds and ons. It was, indeed, a brilliant gathering. Lady Castlemaino received her guests, then went away to prepare for the tableaux. She was, as usual, the moat beautiful and graceful hostess, who had a rmile and kind word ios all. Every one agreed that the arrangements were most perfect; nothing could have been better. What a lovely mixture of choice hot. hoase fowers and evegreens I The stage wes, as large as that of any theatre. The seats were all co aemfortable and er well arranged, there was nothing but praise and admiring comments. Lady Castlemains looked especially loveeo on that occasion. She wore a superb drel:. of white satin, exquisitely trimmed wrto sprays o mistletoe. She wore the famous Castlemainoe diamonds, and in the land ther, were none finer; she looked regal and beauti. ful. and all eyes followed her admiringly. The aeries of tableaux had been most beat fully arranged; no expense and no trouble hae, been spared. The first was from hillai-' "Lts Hugunenots," that most pathetic of all pictures, where the Catholic maiden implorF her Protestant lover to tie the white hand kerchief round his arm, that he may be saved from the massacre; but he will not, not even to save his own life will he wear for on' moment the emblem of a faith which h, scorns. At first Lord Castlemaine and Isabel hat been called upon to take the two charaoter". but at the reheareals it was decided that Isabel was too dark, that the girl should be represented by one who contrasted with hiss one who was very fair and had golden hair Lady Castlemaine. Every one pronounced it to be a perfect pieture--the fair comeline of the girl contrasting with the dark, pronp beauty of the man; the imploring, beseechino prayer on her face, the grim resolve on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when theb cc tain fell there was great applause.. Lady Caetlemaine trembled. "Rudolph," she said, "I did not kneo that one's whole eootl went into these pih tores; mine did. tadoIph, if you had bbe,. that Hoguenot lover, you would have let s'. tie the scarf round your arm, wbuld yom. not ?" " He caught her in his arms jlot for or.e moment, and "issed her with desperate par "I wocld have done mnuch for yoe, darling," he said. "I am not sere, thoogh, whltbk I could have done that." "I would have made you," she said. she raised her fair face to his and kfReCd him. There could he no mistake about tt. passionate love that husband and wcls h?d : for each other, Isabel's vow was not near its flnillment yet. Then followed a scene from is Faust and Marguerite," beautifully arranged and highly applauded, which was 'followed by a picture from "The Lady of Lyons"-Claude Maelnotte and Pauline. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors. Then came the four tableaux that Ln' Crastlemaine had arranged, and which m had come especially to see. The firot King Henry the Eighth and his wife, r rine of Arragon. He wore his royal . end a magnificent king he made. Catharine, in a superb dress of rely ermine, a crown of diamonds on hee hair, stood by his side. He wal seated; the stood, with one hand on his shoulder, as though pleading with him. "Every inch a queen I" In her whole life Isabel Hyde had never looked so royal, so beautiful I Her dress suited her to perfection; the sweeping velvet, the rich ermine, the royal crown. Art could not have lent that rapt, loving expression to her face. Her eyes, as theyres ted on the king, were inminons with love; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tender. ness, passionate love ; and yet, although they said so much, they did not tell one.hall of what lay in her heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent thehome-life of the King and Queen Catherine. ' Much to young for the part," was the general comment ; "but how most exquisitely beautiful I What a face I what a figure l" But the praise and the homage were leso than nothing to her; all she cared to see was one flash of admiration and love in the eyes of Lord Castlemaine. She did not see it, and her own grew the brighter for their wistful longing. The curtains fell amid loud and sincere applause. Before any one had time to come upon the stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quick flash of her dark eyes. "You should try to look as though you loved me, at least when we are on the stage together," she said; and belorehe could give her an answer she was gone. The true meaning of her words did not strike him; she was not quite like the ordi nary ran of young ladies, and he must make allowances. He laughed as she disappeared, but he would not have laughed had he known what was in her heart. Then came a beautiful piature. A story is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her drawing room, found the king on his knees before Anne Boleyn. Neither of them knew of her entrance, and the king went on with his s?rinuate, loving words. This was the second tableau of the seriest esme thought it the most beautiful; the kneel. ing king with all the passion of his heart and m?o? in his face; Anne Boleyn with the light full on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels and picturesque dress the expression of her face so sweet, so yield ing, so loving. There stood the angry queen, and, for once in her life, Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate-love passionate anger, passionate despair were all there. A face that was at once beautiful, yet terrible; the love of a life-time, the love that would neither count cost nor crime was there; there also was the passionate anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death. A silence that was more impressive than applause followed. The terrible passion on that dark, tragis face could not so soon be shaken off. The third tableaux was taken from the scene known in history, where Anne Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds the king embracing Jane Seymour, and knows --poor, hapless lady Il-that her doom is sealed. Lady Castlemaine commanded universal attenton;'there was the same expression in her face that impressed the audience in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. The fourth and last tableaux was thebs beautiful and hapless Anne in her cell the night before her execution-a picture of un speakable loveliness and pathos. The queen, in a long white robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, koneeling before a table, on which rested the portrait of the king. Was she thinking of his wild pursuit of her, of his ardent love, of his worship of her beauty? How often the beautiful head that to-morrow would lie low in the dust had been pillowed on his breast I Was she wondering to herself how he could slay her, when he had loved her so well? Those who saw the picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from her knees, shewas pale and tremb ling. "lnudolph," she cried, "a shadow has fallen over me. I wish I had not joined in these tableaux. I am not Anne Boleyn, I am Gertrude Castlemaine. You would not slay me, even if I did more than people say she did? You would forgive me and love me always, to the end i See how my hands tremble, and my heart has grown cold. Nothing could part us, could it, Iadolph?" "No, my darling," he replied, hisring the pale, beautiful face. "You have tired yoc~ .self. I will bring you a glass of obksu pagne." She drank it, but the colour did not come back to her face. "I cannot think," she said, :' what is the matter with me. As I knelt there soch a strange feeling came over me, as though what 1 was doing then was some faint foreshadow. ing of what some day or other would happen to me." He kissed the sweet lips, that trembled still. "Rudolph," she cried, "do you think I shall ever kneel before your pictured face, with my heart broken at loosing you?" "No," he said. "Gertrude darling, I will never have another tableaux in the house if they effect you in this fashion." Then Isabel came to them. "We are not only rival roses," she said, laughingly, "but we are rival queens, Ger trade." " Gertrude has made herself ill by giving her whole heart to the performances." " I am quite sure," said Lady Castlemaine, "that I shall feel,'all night, as though the scaffold.was waiting for me in. the morn; inc." And although she did her best, that feeling remained with her during the rest of that bril. liant evening. "I want to speak just one word to you, Lord Castlemaine, before you give up your kingship. Tell me once again, thatlmay re member, which of these wives of yours didyou love best?" Isabe' nad met him, as it seemed, quite by acciden in mne narrow passage leading to the dressing-room-met him and stood still be fore him, holding his eyes, as it were, with her own, while she asked him the question. He was half startled for one minute, ther he answered: " Catharine, to be sure." " Then Iam glad I was Catharine-lifghted, despised, and repudiated as she was, I am glad that I was Catharine. I have been queen to your king-I shall remember that." A vagne thought that the ladies, rome of them, must be on the point of insanity, came over eord Castlemaine'e mind, but he dis missed it.. He was clever and keen, and the strange thing was that he had no ide`, nont the faintest suspicion, that Isabel Hyde was or had been in lave with him. CHAPTER XVIIL SMost young married people take some time to understand each other, to fall into each other's ways, to irarn to forebear. to be patient with each othera's faults. Lord and · LadyCastlemaine were no ecnoption to.the seneral rule. They had differences of opiniton. The housband,. although be spoke at times im patiently to his wife. loved her passionately. Lady Castlemalne, although at times want ing in patience and kindness, had the same great devotion for her husband. They quarrelled sometimes, they differed in opinion, they uttered a few sharp, hasty word-; then they kissed and made friends, just like other husbands and wives. They were perfectly happy in their married lifeo- happy in the present, and hopeful for the utoture. It was nearly the end of Jannary before the gay party assembled at Neath Abbey dis pereed; and up to that time Isabel Hyde had made no progress with the fulfillment of her vow. She wae. it possible, more deeply in love with Lord Caatlemaine than ever. The short, fleeting hours when, on the stage, she had acted the part of his wife, had done her incalculable harm. She seemed never to for get the event, and it led her into a half-fami liar kind of manner with him that would have aronused the jealouey of some wives; butL ady Castlemaine never seemed to notice it. They were both grieved to part with her; they had begged her to stay longer with them, not she had answered, laughingly: "I must go sometime; I cannot stay always. I cannot live with you, but I would if I could." "The only -omfort is that we?ahall see you in town. We are going early. Perh-aps Lady Cresson will let you come to us for a law weeks then." "That would be delightful I" said Isabel Hyde, with a smile that was so much Greek to Lady Castlemaine. The carriage was at the door; the white snow lay frozen on the ground; the robin. redbreasts flitted about on the bare boughs; the sky was blue and cloudless, and the wind -oughed around the grand old walls-a bright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Castlemaine was going to drive Miss Hyde to Redmosa station. Other guests had been driven by the coachman, but she had looked in her host's face when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. "-ou will drive me'" she said. "How many happy rides and drives I have had with you I and this will be the last " "The last for a time," he replied. "' Ihope &e; shall often ride together in London." "Do you really hope that?" she asked. " Assuredly I do," was the reply, in a tone of sonder. They all three stood on the drive; the horses were impatiently pawing the ground. Lord Castlemaine went to the carriage to see if the rugs were all right, and the two beautiful women stood alone for a few minutes. Lady Castlemaine had thrown a for cloak over her shoulders, yet she shud dared as the wind blew. " I am afraid," she said, that you will have a dull journey ; it is so very cold." "I am quite sure of that," said Isabel. " I should be dull at leaving you it it were the brightest day in summer. I wonder what kind of season it will be; a brilliant one, I hope." " It is sure to he," said Lady Caetlemaine. "We shall not be rival roses this year," said Isabel. "You can never again be a rival; you are victorious." " We shall not be rivals; we never were, in that sense of the word. Isabel, you will not forget one thing- that you have called me friend ?" "I shall not forget it," she replied, with a peeliar emile. "The greatest pleasure to me of the coming season is that I shall see you again," said Lady GCstlemaine, as she kissed the face of the girl that was to bring nuch unutterable woe to her. And so with, a kies, false as the kiss of Judas, they parted. That evening, over her dressing-room fire, Gertrude, with her husband, discussed Isabel Hyde. " She seems so very much attached to us," said Lady Castlemaine, "I think myself quite fortunate in having found such a friend. You have known her some time, Rudolph; how is it you did not fall in love with her ?" "I 1" he replied, easily. " Ah, my Gertrude, she is beautiful and clever, but she is not the style of girl I should have loved. You are my style, and no other. We have been married nearly a year, and I am even more your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and always must be, the one only woman in the world for me." As Gertrude kissed the lips that had uttered such loving words, she thought herself the most fortunate as well as the happiest woman in the world. If the stars that shine above us and hear so many vows, could but tell how often they are made, and how often they are broken I If the tall trees, that stand with their great branches erect and bare; could telltho vows made under their shade-so fervent, so earnest, one would think they must be immortal-and they last. about a year I How the stars and the trees must laugh at such lovers' perjuries; how often this love is changed or deed before the leaves have fallan and the green comes round again l While husband and wife so discussed her, Isabel Hyde was in her own room at Holme Beaton, where she was staying with her aunt Lady Creeson, and she was face to face with a faiuinre, a complete and perfect failre. The last thing she had seen at Neath Abbey was how Lord Castlemaine, after he had ar. singed her rugs and had made her quite comfortable, hastened from the carrisg, to where his wife stood, wrapped in her for eloak. How handsome he looked standing there in the winter sunshine, hie dark face all aglow with love I Little heeding any lookers-on, he took Ger trude in his arms and kissed her. "Good-by, my darling I" he said. " I shall not be gone long." As they drove away, to the last his eyes lingered on her, and when they could see her no longer, he began to talk about her, and every word that he uttered was in loving praise of her. Isabel Hyde had to listen and respond. Most people would have been q iite daunted. She was going away; it was uncertain, to say the least of it, when they would mert auain. andhehad no thought for her; his heast and mind were full of his wife. Even at the railroad station, when he had arranged her travelling rugs, seen that ehe had the most comfortable seat in a first-class gar, when he brouoght papers and periodicals to amuse her daring the journey. wbhen he had ".haken hands with her and had bidden her good-by, she could tell that his thnougts were still with Gertrude; for he came baca to her just as the train was starting-not, as ehe fondly imagined, to speak a few kind worde to her, a last farewell, but to say: "Do you think Gertrude is looking as well as she did in town ?" Her patience gave way as sheo answered: " Yes, I think she looks as well as it is possible for her to look." But if she intended her answer to be ear. a?stic, her sarcasm was all lost, entirely lost on Lord Castlemaine, in whose eyes his wile always looked beautiful. Then the train went on its way, and soon left Neath Abbey far behind. Isabel went with a sense of failure; and now, as she sat in her reom alone, she was face to face with the knowledge that although she had brought all the power of her mind so bear on her purpoee--that of making ele, ohief between husband sad wile, and ol sltl, mately parting them, she bad ignominioon-y failed. She sat for some time in silence; then sheke olenhed her white hands. "Iwlll do it I" she saidtoherself "Where I shere is a strog will, there must e a way." ti The words died on her lips asLady Cresoon entered the room. "You are not looking as well as when you a left, Isabel," she said, with a keen glance at t1 the beantiful face, which had lost some of its b billiancy. "I am tired with the journey," she re- as plied. - "That is not all, my dear," said Lady 0 Cresson. "I see sign. of mental wear and m tear. 11 yen are not careful you will have 6 wrinkles soon. I advised you not to go to a Heath, but you would have your own way, t Isabel." There was something kindly and wistful in n Lady Crerson's manner. She was evidently under the impression that her niece had been suffering. q Isabel rose impatiently against the uttered sympathy. NHeath has done me no harm," she said, a coldly. "I havehada very pleasant visit.f Il do n not look quite so well, it must be because we q have had late hours, and little rest." a "Did you leave Lord and Lady Castlemaine n quite well?" asked Lady Cresson. "Yes, they were well and in good spirits," a she answered. Lady Cresson looked curiously at her. I ""I seldom ask any questions about my - neighber," she said. " and I am not given to ouriosity, but I should like to know how they get on together. Are they happy? Do they smit each other?" "Yes, pesfetly." she answered; "they seem as happy as it is possible to be." g "I am glad of it," said Lady Cresson. "I had my doubts." a " Had you ?" asked leIsabel, eagerly. " yhy?" "Only from studying, just a little the sharaeters of both," said Lady Cresson. r "They are both proud and obstinate. People with the same faults seldom agree well." 3 " I have the same faults, aunt, yet I should t have agreed with Lord Castlemaine." "You really like him, Isabel?" said Lwlv Cresson. v "So does Gertrude," responded Isabel. "She loves him with all her heart." She turned away as she uttered the words. Lady Cresson did not feel quite satisfied, and long afterward she remembered the ex preassioon n the dark, oeautifal face. All night long Lady Creason was haunted, she could s not tell why, by these words: " Though the mills of God grind slowly, Yet they grind exceeding small; Though with patience He stands waiting, With exactness grinds He al." CHAPTER XYVID. "I DECLNEz" " A bright April day, and all fashionable London is astir. Lovely spring smiles over the land; the buds are forming on the trees; the tender grass is springing; the sweet smell lag violets hide themselves, though they spread their fragrance through the air. There ts something in the air keen and bracing, yet I sweet. In the park one seems toinhale the perfume of the springing buds. The world of fashion is all astir; the season I is one of the gayest ever known. Fashionable London is thronged, and the tide of gayety flows on unceasingly. A great number of the best families in Eng land are in town; but there is no circle more exclusive, no house more select than that of Lord and Lady Castlemaine. They give the beat balls, the best dinners, the most recher she little suppers after the opera, the best and I most amusing "at homes" in town. Heath House was considered that season the best in themetropolis. Perhaps itsgreat est attraction lay in the marvellous beauty of the two ladies-Lady Castlemaine, the hostess, and her friend, Isabel Hyde, who was staying with her. The two loveliest women in London, and it seemed strange that they should be under one roof; but Lady Cresson had an other niece to bring out this season, and Isabel Hyde would have been compelled to remain in the ountry but for the earnest and pressing invitation of Lady Castlemaine. Both rivals were even more lovely than last year. Happy lovehadgiven more bright. ness to the fair face of Lady Caetlemaine; the face of Isabel Hyde took deeper beauty from her passionate love. There comes a time in the lives of all men and women when they cease to wear a mask, even to themselves-when they look at their own crimes, sine, and temptations straight in the face, and call them by their right names. That time had come to Isabel Hyde. She made no moral pretences even to hersel. bhs looked her sin boldly in the face, and rent on with it. Lord Castlemaine had married another in stead of marrying her, and she intended to have her revenge on him and on that other. "Constant dropping wears away a stone;" and she, by her constant intriguoe, her in. nuendoes, had impaired in some measure the happy love that had existed between husband and wile. She was the wisest of all traitors, for she never said one word that, if repeated, could compromsie her, could be proved uotrue; or which, if brought home to her, could do her the least harm. She could plant the sharpest dagger in the heart of Lvod Caetlemaine, yet, it he were asked af.ervards, he could not tell even what words she had used. She could make Lord Castlemaine wines again and again, yet her words never left behind them the faintest im. pression of unkindness. She was beginning to make progress; she could see her way more clearly; and she worked with the patient assiduity ls a demon tempting a human soul. Already she had made Gertrode believe that her husband looked down on her family, that he considered his own infinitely superior; that, although be never expressed it in words, still, in his own heart and mind, this want of antiquity in her family was the one thing that lived in his mind against her. She had most firmly impressed that on Lady Castlemaine ; yet, if any one had asked that lady how those ideas had come to her, why shebelievedthem, she could 'not have told, co gently, so imper. ceptibly had she been led to them. Isabel had impressed on Lord Castlemaine the idea that his wife rebelled against his pride, and did all in her power to defeat it, to show him that she cared little for the "divine right," whether it was in the ease of king or peer. She had managed to draw a clearly defined line between them, andneither could have told how it was done. She had managed also, without in the least degree alarming him; to impress on Lord Oastlemaine's mind the fact of her own great devotion to him, ol her care for his interests, of the high value she placed on his friendship. There was nothing of love, nothing of flirta lion; but Lord Castlemaine did honestly be leve that no man in the world had a more true or devoted friend than he had in Isabel Hyde. Her flattery was of that subtle kind, so sweet, so intoxicating, yet so delicate it could hardly en perceived. She smiled to herself, as she said : "I have the ear of the house; now I re manage both." She had sncueeded so far on her evil mi sion. that husband and wifepboth indulged in emall quarrels before her. H they had been alone, those quarels wonld have been over at oner, and akiss wouldhave followed them. As she was present, and her interest seemed so equally divided, nsitheg eared to given?. Then, when she was alone with either, a few subtle hut perlectly sane yords would anger one still more greatly ogainst thelother. One morning, durinr luncheon, husband *nd wifehad some few words; they did not pas the bounds of good-breeding, nout they were' trued and irritated against eaeh other. Ihaba was secretly careful to increase thas vexa. Ot tion. 5 When nighs came on, and Lord Castle maine, feeling annoyed with himself, went to m make peace with his wife, he found her, for ft the first tihe, with a sullen frown on her ofc beautiful face. gi " Gertrude," he aid, "I am sorry I spoke al oo sharply. Kiss me and letus befriends." hi But the beautiful lips were not, as usual, w raised to his; she did not turn to him, or at smile or answer him by kiss or loving words ; it she sat quite still without moving, and small as this incident was, it was the beginning of the end. r, "Gertrude, darling," he said, " do youhear hn me? I want to kiss you and be friends." "Ieisno ue," shereplied; " if Iamfriend st with you, as you call it, one hour, we shall ti quarrel the next." of "But:' he answered, "if we never make w friends, we shalU always he quarrelling, and ca we should neither of ns like that." et "I am not so sure," said Lady Castle- di maine, "It seems to me that you enjoy '] quarrelling; you loved me so much oneoupon a time, that you could not have one word with me." m " Ilove you jnst as mtch now, but perhaps a little bit more sensibly," he replied. le "Then I relfer the foolish love:' retotted In Lady Catlemaine. of " I do not," said her husband. h "The fact is," continued Lady Castle- II maine, "you ought to have married some one to with 'all the blood of all the Howards' in her al veins. My father-Good bless him l-was only a city knight. The truth is, I was not tl good enough for you." "Oh, Gertrude," he cried, "how cruel you ol are I how can you say souch things to mel-I, who worship you so.n wh"Yon worship ancient ancestry a great deal more," she said. I do not, I could not. What makes P you say such unkind things to me, Ger trude." She could not tell him; she hardly knew herself. She was not even consiouse that it was the slowly distilled and carefully uttered words of Isabel Hyde that had impressed ' this belief opon her. "Gertrude," he said, slowly, "I see a change in you." "If your eyes were a little clearer and a of little keener, you would see a far greater change in yourself," she retorted. n "My dear, you have no need to be earcas- t1 ti with me," he said, gravely. "Oneemore, will you kiss me and make friends?" o "Never while you speak to me in that da 'Lord of Birleigh' fashion," she replied. "YOu should have married the daughter of a duchess." "My dear," he said, quietly, "I married the only woman in the world whom I loved, 0 and that was yourself." iS " You remind me of an anecdote I read the other day of a nobleman," she continued. b "I forget even the name; but he was proud even to implacability, and, one day. in order to draw his attention, his wife placed her hand on his shoulder. "'Madam,' he said, haughtily, 'my first wife was a peerees. and she never took such a b liberty as that.' You are just like that man, Rudolph, whose name I forget." "I do not think I am in the least degree t like him. Howcan you say such ruel things to me?" " They are not cruel; they are only true," retorted Lady Cosetlemaine. "Why, Gertrude," cried her husband, "I have never seen you so cross before. I can hardly believe that it is you.". " I have no great reason to rejoice that I am myself," she said. " If you are di- , appointed in me, so am I in you." "But, Gertrude, darlinc, I am. not dis appointed in you," he said; and there was something of grieved annoyance in his face. "Who could say no? How could you dream of such a thing? Have I not always loved you better than any one or anything?" "I know you have said so," she answered with a darkling frown on her beautiful face; "but I can see how it is. You are infatuated over the claims of high descent, and you look down upon me because I am the daughter of acity knight. I can see it in a thousand dif. ferent ways." "You cannot see it in one." he replied. "' You have grieved and distressed me greatly, Gertrude." "You have done the same to me," she said. He was silent for a few minutes, thinking to himself that he had never seen his young wife so angry. Then he went up to her frankly, and held out his hand to her. "If it really be my fault," he said, "I Im very sorry. Kiss and be friends, Gertrude." "I decline," she answered, proudly; and rising with stately grace, beautiful Lady Castlemaine quitted the room. She had gratified her pride, but she was not quite easy on her mind. After all, why had she qouarrelled with her housband, and why had she refused to be friends ? She did not know the answer to the quee tion, or she would have said that Isabel Hyde had slowly pots--" '?"ind and distorted ber ideas. CHAPTEII XIB. on rtms END OF toE WEDGE. They are grand old words that say, "Let not the suon go down upon your wrath," and this would be a very different place if people acted more upon them. Nothing canbe more fatal to love and happiness than letting a quarrel pass over and die of itself. Words of peace and pardon should always be spoken. The next time Lady Castlemaine met her husband,when she was in the breakfast-room, he gave her the usual greeting. She an. swered him coldly: " Good-morning." Lord Castlemaine felt annoyed. "She will speak first herself next time,":' he said. "I do not deserve it." And it is of such trifles as these that half the quarrels in the world areomade. The next time they mot, which was in their own.drawing-room, where several visitors were, they did not speak at all, and Isabel Hyde saw it with-unspeakshle joy. She did not know exactly what had gone wrong, but she saw that between hus- . band and wife some shadow had fallen, some difficulty had arisen. - She might fan it, she might increase it. When Lady Castlemaine and she took their usnal cup of tea in thebonudoir, Isabelbroached t the subjeet carefully. d "Is Lord Catlemane well?" she asked. "Ytes, I believe so," was the answer. " Then he is not in his usual good humor. I thought this afternoon that he looked on. usually dull or gloomy, or out of spirits." "He was merely cross:' said Lady Castle. Smaine, half scornilIy. The worst thing that any young wife can do is to make a confident of any one againsa it her husband. The fanols of a hasband should be sacred, should not be spoken of. A quar rel, however small, should be kept a secret be tween the two, who are so thoroughly one. There should be perpect loyalty, perfect honour, and the most perfect keeping of secretse. Sorely Lady Castlemaine took one of the most fatal steps in her life when she son. tided in Isabel Hyde against her husband. Here was the fandtchildsh aunger, born of pique and devoid of malice. teabel fanned it "I have always underatood." ashe saida ly slowly, "that sooner or later, alter marriage, there is a struggle for anthority hetueenhus' od - band asd wife,- - - - - - " And which, a s a tl, wins?" asked Lady . Castlemaine. "You see, Isabel, I was vel b• ash e I married, and' i was only ma frst season. I had not had much experience. Which wins, as a rule?" "The wives, my dear, if they know how to manage it," replied Miss Hyde, her beautiful a face for once easuming thewisdom of a matron of fifty. "The thing is, Gertrude, never to ai give in, to be firm from the first; if there is a n alight misunderstanding, to wait until the husband makes the firatadvance. The woman u who goes pleading and crying to herhusband a after a quarrel is lost. Take my word for it." tl "Isshe? "saidLady Castlemaine; dreamily. n "But then, Isabel, that does not seem quite right. After all, the husband is the head, you know." "Nonsense I That is an old exploded super stition. Why shouldit beso I you adopt thoee principles you will have a gloomy life el f it. Why should men assume command and o women promise obedience, when, as every one knows, in these days there is perecth equality between the sexes ? Your motto- in. deed the motto of every wife-should be, o ' Hold your own.'" Lady Castlemaine looked thoughtful. P "But does not that make a good deal of b misery and quarrelling ?" she asked. " There will always be quarrelling, but much less this way. If a husband sees that his wife knows, understands, and appreciates the value of her position, knows how to take her stand, he treats her with a certain kind of respect. If he sees she is frightened at him, that eheis C ready to yield him a slavish obedience, he de- o s spises her and tires of her." as "But that is not like marriage, as I ai thought it was," said Lady Castlemaine. > " There is nothing in all this about the union u of souls." b "All nonsenesol I" cried Isabel, scornfully. h "One would think you had lived in Arcadia. Talk of union of money, union of estate, of w position, of anything you will; but not of p union of souls. The better plan is for each a one to steer his own course; but Iknowwhat I I should do." "What?" asked Lady Castlemaine, slowly. o "I should hold my own," replied lasbel. fi "There are two ways of settling even this ti little quarrel of yours, which is not worth mentioning." p A faint shadow fell over the beautiful face io of the young wife. t "Perhaps," eaid Isabel Hyde "youn would h rather that I did not say what I think on the subject; if so, I can be silent." " No, Ishould like to know what youn think," t said Lady Castlemaine; but the shadow I deepened. ' I "I should wait until he made the first t advane? 1 should no0 lot him see th?s I was in a great hurry to be friends." t "I shall not," said Lady Caotlesmaioe. Yet u in her heart she felt a yearning for his pre- t sense, a longing for him. She would have liked his arm round her waist; she would t have likedhis warm, loving caresse. He bad . been so long a part of her life that it seemed b strange to exist even for a few hours estranged v from him. She looked op with a sudden light in her u isue eyes. "Isabel;' she said, "foudolph likes tean here in my boudoir. Shall I send for him?" ThenIsabel's heart sankwithin her. After her long lesson, after her earnest endeavour I to instil quite the opposite ideas into her I mind, the sole result was : " should she ask i her husband up to tea ?" "My dear Gertrude," she said, "why con alt me? I have given you my thoughts in the matter." "Ah, then, you would not ask him," said I Lady Castlemaine. "You must look at it fairly," said Isabel. "If you invite him, and he refuses, you will t have drawn your own humiliation on your self" - . "I do not like humiliation," said Lady t Castlemaine. "Few people do, but you will have deserved . it if you do this." The consequener was that these words went deeply into Lady Castlemaine's heart, and she determined not to invite her husband to let him see that she could be cold and haughty, as well as himself. She could do without him if he could do without her, and 1 to herself she uttered all the other silly say ings, and harbored the senseless fancies by which women esek to strengthen themselves in wrong.doing. Lord Castlemaine did not like this tem porary separation from his wife, but he con soled himself by thinking it would be all right, that she would be snre to send for him, as usual, to join her at tea. He waited with a certain sense of im patience for the summons which never came. " It does not matter,' he said to himself, haughtily. "Nothing could matter less. If she does not want me, I can do equally well without her, as I shall let her see." There was bitterness in each heart, and a determination not to make the first advance. Husband and wife met at dinner. They were compelled to exchange the ordinary civilities and courtesies of the dinner table; but it was done with cold looks and aveited eyes, which Isabel Hyde alone noticed, and at which she rejoiced. There was a dinner party at Neath House that night, to be followed by a dance, and not one among the visitors noted the es trangement between the beautiful young wife and her husband. On that evening Isabel Hyde looke per feetly and radiantly beautiful. Her tese was of pale rose-pink and the richest black lae. she wore some fine pearls, thgift of Lady Cresson. As usual she shaiR the honors with Lady Castlemaine. No one knew which to admire the most, the lovely hostess, or her brilliant friend. Isabel's quick eyes noted the shadow that evening on the face of the man she loved with such an evil love. "He must learn to quarrel with his wife and not feel unhappy over it, before I can do anythingwithhim,"shesaidtoherself. "Bllt am getting on; I am making progress ; the love epell is broken-they have quarrelled. I have inserted the thin end of the wedge." Seeing Lord Castlemaine alone on the bal cony, she went oat to him. "Do you find the rooms warml5?I'she asked. Yes, unusually so," he replied, " but the night air is beautiful." "I will join you," she said, and she stepped from the drawing.room to the hal oeny. "You have the best of it," she said. "You Shave the moonlight and the fresh air all to yourself." She went up to him and stood by his side. There could be nothing on earth morebeauti. ful than this radiant woman with the moon light on her face and the rose.gleams of her dress. " You seem out of spirits to.night, Lord Castlemaine," she said. I Then she laughed to herself a low, rippling a laugh that was like music, and roused him Sfrom his reverie. S"What is it-what are you laughing at, Mise Hydo?" he asked. ".. An ideathat is probably a very absurd It one,"sheanswered; "butI was just think. f ing that a husband and wife ought to b?e equally balanced like a pain of scales." .e "In what oy?" he acked. "In the way of spirits. If one is dull and 5\. depresed, theotheher should be the same: it one in bright and oheerful, so should the other it be." u Ad is not that generally the case ? " ha t, asked. s, "No." ahe replied. A' It should be, but it is s' not.. 1 was thinking of the difference between you and Gertrude o-anight. YoU look dull ly and wlcuepied; she is more cheerful-- nay, e :mose brilliant, ewn than I have known hee j -core..' " Is she-so happy-to-night ?" he asked, alowly. .,: 'Yee. I like to see Gertrude happy; she is so doubly beautifuol when she is bright." He thooght to':himselt eadly, that it was strange she should be so happy and gladsonme when she was not friendly with him. If she can be bright," he thought, "an can L At least, I can be as independent of her as she can possibly be of me." He threw off his gloom and reserve, and the lines of the old ballad came to his mind "II she be not fair tome, What care I how lair she be?" If his wife eared to be brilliant and bright when she was not friendly with him, why should e rare ? If she could impress upon othees her gaiety and high content, when he and she passed without speaking, whyahould he despond? When the moon shone on the beautiful face of the woman who was luring him to his ruin, he talked to her. in a fashion nearer ap. proaching to flirtation that he had ever done before. (To be Contitued.) 