THE VISITOF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE TO WARRACUL. The Right Rev. Dr. Goo, the .oew Bishop of Melbourne, paid his :first visit to Warragul on Friday last. He arrived by the morning train- from Traralgon, and during his stay was the guest of the Rev. S. Sandiford. Sh'ortlyfafter his arrival, 'his Lordship was presented by the clergy and readers of the Gippslaud Forest Mission with the following address of welcome: To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of \- elbourne. - "1 May it please your Lordship, We, tie Clergy and Readers of the Gipps land Forest Mission, bid you a hearty wel. come on the occasion of your first visit to the Mission. Your sympathy in our difficult work will always be a source' of great consolation and encouragement, and while your visit at this time must necessarily be brief, we hope shortly that your Lordship will become more intimately acquainted with the arduous nature of the work of ministering to the scattered floeck of Christ. Trusting that the Great Head of the Church will vouchsafe you an abundant blhssing, We remain, Your Lordship's obedient servants, SAn. SANDIFORD A. A. WILTSHIRE F. W. WILLCOX CLIFDEN H. EAGER F.I VANsTON H. HITcurcoc J.: FRA.xcs G.F. LLOYv A very feeling reply was .made by his Lordship. The address, which was very nicely painted, 'illuminated, and engrossed,' was the handiwork of Mr. J. K. Keen, of Warragul. The hand soume frame which enclosed it, was a remarkably fine specimen of the joiners' art, and was made frouis War ragul grown blackwood, by Mr. Keen. In the afternoon a Confirmation Service was held, when, notwithstand ing the inclemency of the weather, a very large congregation assembled in St. Paul's Church. Thirty-six can didates were presented by the Rev. F. W. Willcor and Messrs. J. F. Francis and H. Hitchcock, 29 being from Warragnl, 6 from Dronin, and 1 from Buln Buln. The service was commenced by singing the hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost; Creator blest; Vouchsafe within our Isouls to rest,": after which the Preface to the Confir mation was read by the 'Res.' Canodn Watson. The Bishop then proceeded br;efiy to address the candidates in simple and earnest language, pointing out to them that this day was the most'solemn, and, he trusted, the happiest of their lives. They were about to renew the solemn promise and vow that were made for them.at. their baptism, and' to ratify;and-eon firm the same in their own persons: When that. vow was made they only took.a passive part, but-now they had come to years of discretion, when they could ' undorsta-id the' nature of the claims that the Savour had upon their love and obedience. After a few more earnest words, the hyie " My God, accept my heart this day," was sung, and .thie Bisbopaid' hE hand'upon the candidates as they knelt before. him ;two :and, two. This concluded,,the Bishop again addressed them upon the many. difficulties 'they would meet with, and the many temptations they would have to undergo in striving to live: the. Christian life. -He :pointed out to them three means of graceby which thie?f might overcome those difi. cultie?lb'ad withstandi tn ~ oss tempta. tioims. 1(The first ,was prayer, the second,. rdaiing thb Scripture', ,nd the third the Sacrament of Holy Co1n munion., r He, also urged uponthe. parents'ad' friends of the'6newlycon firmdi, th:e'dnty and necessity "df a regslihi aiii"devout attendaniice 'at'Hly;' Communion, so'as to be examples and encouragements to. them inileiding a! ri;dore Iptritual life. -N'ot to be,.?#thej too often were, ) hindilince~sto' them. The hymn, "Thene for .ever!. Goad of love," was then sung, and the' Bislhop etnclude& the sery.ice.,,.. a ,,,, In the eveningt'he weatherwas still very wet, but there'wa's aigain a' fuill church. The service was readby: the Rev. :F.' WC'Willcox, and, the lessons by the RBev. S. Sandiford and Canon Watson..' The Bishop chose as his' text. Psalm 122, -,1st.verso-'-I`was Iglad when they said unto me, let us go ii?o'the house of the Lord," and preached an earnest, forcible, and yet eloquent sermon. At its close he ex= pressed the great pleasure his visit to Warragul han given him. Before he left the old country, he had heard from BishlopMddoorhouse a great deal about the Gippsland foreat and ofthe nature. of the work being carried -on therein He was elad, therefore,. to have had opportunity of visiting it in his ownl persoi, and hoped at-no very' distant date to reiiew the acqiin~ntance that day foriend. The Bishop has won all hearts by the simplicity and earnest ness of his preaching, as well as by his homely and fatherly nature, and his visit cannot fail to be productivo~of much good. His Lordship left by the half-past five train for Melbourno on Saturday morning. : The musical portion of the service was very ably rendered by the:choir 'under the conductorship of Mr. Tames Biram. Miss B. Lyons presiding with her usual ability at the organ. 