CHAPTER II. There we few soenea In New Zealand more grandly rugged than tha Ohan Valley, Taranaki, tlio spot where tlie Volunteers had formed their bivouao on the 24th of Deo., in antloipation oE meeting the rebel Maoris. It w&3 Christmas Eve, tho time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars stud- j dinq the davk blue canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file o£ the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Cavershara's Horse, The latter had pitolied their teats on a amali hill adjaoent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of tho sixty men of the troop, ten of their number had been told ofi as guard, under the charge ,of Sergeant Exley, The supply of grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them, Tnero were six quarter oaaka of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores,-a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night, with no eye looking on, This idea appeared to have taken posaea sion of the sergeant, for ho called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said: " Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning, We are under martial law here on the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, ia a very Btriot offloer, and will punish tho slightest negleot or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to tho triangles, You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would bo punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rum-puueheona, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himaelf about their welfare, There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra fir ma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. Hia name was Bob Cable, and while the aer. geant warned h»3 men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on tne rough nose of a magnificent water- spaniel at his side. Thia experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who Btood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered the now do jilaoe of " Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a.camp fag and general knock-about amongst the troopere. He oould speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the moat mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, which made the air biting cold, and set the whole tents shivering liko so many aheoted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpaulin whioh covered the stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persona remained by it, Oharlea Stanton and Boh Cable, It was easy to perceive that a warm and Bipcere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two_ men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusilan imity. The other coavao, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How earaotheee opposite 8 to befriends? Simply through one little act of kindneso, At the storming of the Maori stronghold "Te Ranga," Bob Gable lay bleeding to death out aide tho enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side reoeived during tho attack. _ The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his liie Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in tho wounded man npon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets, It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite, And hero they sit by the firo, with tho dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again, Presently there ia a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable "good-night," and answers " Here," It ia hia turn for centry, and he ia marohed over to relievo the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigna throughout the camp, Bflve for the wild sorceoh of tho polew out yonder by the lake, Sanfly orouohed under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, ia suddenly awakened from hia rosy dreams by tho Bound of voioea in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the oovoring and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannican in hia hand, talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone. " Indeed Charlie, I aee no great harm in a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. We are not in town where it oould be easily obtained, therefore one muBt get it by stealth. Of oourse you are on sentry, and oan prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of ono of these oaska would never be mis* Bed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, " Pray do as you please, you have command of tho guard; but I Bay, Exley, what about that leoture you gave ua respecting genoral orders, and Colonel Bartopp'a Btern dieoipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for tho men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution, Lord, I feel inolined to roar sometimes at all tho fuaa and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Bed tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to tha end of the chap, ter, I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to hia tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should wo, comrade, who have to watch through the long night in thia sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it ia here ready at our hand ? " " Bravo, Exley i Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except tho quarter-master, bfit I repeat, you aro ray superior officer, and-there are the casks." " Good. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic, wo will bleed him." " With all my heart, but bow will you do it, through his bungholo ? " cried Charlie, laugh* ing. " No I Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, beep watch while I avllo this fellow's frontis piece," Clement Exley oast a triumphant look at hia companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen that look, ^he would have thought twice-before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty sooundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by hia own standard, saw nothing in it Bave a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's i stripes for it. Crawling from hia lair as silently as a ser pent, Sanfly beheld Exley holding the panni can over a thin stream isBuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled aa it spouted into the pot 1 When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until tho aurgeant plugged it up again. .. Now, comrado, take a nip," ..After you," said Charlie,modestly, 513 " The girls we left behind as," and the ser geant pat the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any, " I'll give that pledgo with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which ne almoBt emptied the paaniean at a draught, It tools away hib breath for thenonee, bat that was nothing-tbenijht was cold. " What do you say, Bhall wa refill the gob. let, Stanton ? " " By all means, Exley, and the pot WAS re plenished, "I did not expeot we were going to have suoh a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the ean of ram between his knees, " Come, Clem, take a sip and pass tho de« eanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled, The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. " We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy, .« It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer before lour o'elook," .'Oh, bother the visiting officer-pass the nappy, Clem." " I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Char lie?", " Not at all; I am content to remain here until daylight, providing you leave mo the gimlet, Hero's your health, Olera, and may you live to ba a general," The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. » Steady, comrade, you will be.tipay," he said. "11 nonsense. Here, hold my oarbino, the pot is empty," One p.m. by the sergeant's watoh, and the sergeant's companion is growing thiok of speeoh and raiher prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Con greve's heroes. He will have another sip of the liquor, and he has his way, for he is beyond reason now. Tho rum has mastered him completely; anon he i3 nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking--ye Gods 1 such rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and ieaves him alone in bis glory, The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the Commissariat Guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct, "How many sentries have yo«, Sergeant Exley?" " Only one, Captain i" "Iwill visit him," It was usual for two men of the ga^rd and the noncommissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting tha sentries, Exley qalled two of his oomrades, who conducted tho captain over to the stores, but of course there was no one, to challenge their approach. . "Halt," oried the officer, "how's this? where is your man, sergoant ?" he asked in a tone of surprise, / Before the question oould be answered,' the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy sentinel stretahed upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brought from the tont and they tried to rouae him, but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking oask, tho gimlet, and the panniean half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale plainly. "This is a very unfortunate matter," oried : the sergeant, with well-feigaed regret in bis tone. "What is to ba done, air?" ' , " Done I why your duty, Borgoanfc Exley, of course," responded the eaptaia, "Garry', the poor devil to the guard-l«nt, and pufi another man in his stead, "I'll report to Colonel Bartopp oa my return, Good night 1'! , ' Morning oama with its rosy blush tinging the hilltops and Uiaaing the sleeping encamp ment into renowed life. It found Sergeant Exley paoing moodily before the guard-tenft where his unforlunate victim lay slumbering off tho fumes of intoxioation. " Is this but the prelude to her dream ?" ha muttered. " Gad, it would peem so, Hero are tho eirole of hills around, baro r.nd treeless' overlooliiug the valley below. Yonder the Ohan Lake gloaming in the eavly sua like a burnished shield, What more? Shall the ourtain rise to-day upon the first aet of the dream ?-the formed square, and the man tied to the triangloa? We shall see, Charles Stanton, it would hava been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on, When thou wakeet thou wilt seo the cat ready, And now to snatch an hour's rest," He turned into tho tent, and at that moment the voioo of Sanfly ,was heard call ing for Soap, the retriever, who ran frisking towardo tho lad in great Rlee, and tho pair raced down the hill towards tho tentoooupied by Bob Cable. (To ho continued,) Never read by twilight, moonlight, or on cloudy days, Economical Cookery. One of the greatest troubles with young housekeepers is tho moat. Wo are so apt to get too muoh, especially where the family is so Bmall. One pound of steak, three or four for a stew and a four or live pound roast is a great plonty for a family of three, If the objoot is to get breakfast quiekly, as it is with mo, J. try to have potatoes enough left from dinner tho day before to warm over for breakfast. Now there are warmed over potatoes and warmed ovor potatoes, I have seen those that it was a wonder to mo how any one could eat them, First slice them and put them into a frying pan with a good sized piece of butter, pepper salt and some good sweet milk. Place them over tho fire and keep chopping and stirring with a knife, adding more milk occasionally. When they are very fine and tho pieces adhere togetherthoyarocookedsufliciontly. Some chop the potatoes first in a chopping fyowl, but I do not like them as well that way, > . If you. havo fresh steak, dither broil or .fry, I suppose wo who use soft coal may say we fry our steak now, after tho able defense our sister gave ub last week. If you have cold meat, oithor baked or broiled, a good way^to warm it is to slice in thin slices, and fry quickly a delicate brown in butter. Or another way: cut the cold meat (any kind of fresh meat will do) into small mouthfuls, put in a stew pan with water enough to cover, and let stew ten or fifteen minutes. Add a lump of butter, popper and salt. Make a thickening of a little flour rubbed smooth with water and thioken, taking oaro not to get it very thiok. The various clubs of European raouu taineers havo built huts as places of refuge in the Alps, Pyrenees, and Carpathian moun tains, to the number of two hundred and sixty-seven in all. The highest is on the Matterhorn, over twelve thousand feet above tho sea-level; the lowest, in Transylvania, about fifteen hundred feet. Of the entire number, two hundred and four are in the Alps. An order of knighthood has been con ferreel by the German Emperor upon Sir Joseph Lyster, tho eminent British surgeon, whoso antiseptic method of surgery has made his name known all over tho world, 