NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Hurrah for copper. A telephonic ghost. "Give me my leg." Tin, £159; copper, £64. Hop looking after votes. Dropping rocks in boats. A ghost at the Exhibition. Lord Lyons has had a fit. Larrikins at the Torrens Lake. Mr. Ridley was 81 years of age. "Girofle Girofla" to-morrow night. Wallaroo copper worth £64 per ton. Williamstown beekeepers indignant. A big programme at the Exhibition. Victoria will play us at cricket in March. A water famine on the Croydon goldfield. New South Wales, 408; Englishmen, 340. Baby show at the Town Hall on Saturday. France does not want a military President. Non-union shearers blockaded in Victoria. Hopkins is looting after the dockyard vote. An exhibition constable looking after ghosts. Big centennial regatta at Melbourne next year. A temperance hotel in the Chaffey irrigation colony. The automaton "Ali" drawing like sticking plaster. Another plot by the Clan-na-Gael dis- covered. Bishop Kennion "thanks God and takes courage." Blindness is increasing at an alarming rate in America. Mr. John Ridley, the inventor of the strip- per, is dead. Subscription list in aid of Phil Day opened in Adelaide. Lord Carnarvon will speak at the Exhibition this evening. Sir Samuel Griffith withdraws the Naval Defence Bill. The old version of the Bible contains 3,556,480 letters. The Presidency of the Republic lies between three candidates. The convict Hughes is to have 36 lashes and three years in irons. Our water police at the Torrens Lake should look out for larrikins. Sir Julius Vogel says he won't accept office again except as Premier. The New South Wales Centenary State House will cost £150,000. The dynamiters caught red-handed in Lon- don have been remanded. Mrs. Langtry's 7,000 acres of California land cost her just 100,000 dollars. The Czar has sent copies of the forged dis- patches to Prince Bismarck. Two astonished peelers listening to communi- cations from another world. They are trying to arrange another match between Beach and Hanlan. There are 25,000 workmen engaged in the rubber industry of America. Parties going out daily to the Lake Deborah goldfields in Western Australia. Bishop Kennion is at a loss to know why so much kindness is shown to him. Union and non-union shearers in the Cara- mut West district are having a big row. Melbourne Exhibition supported by the English Associated Chambers of Commerce. Bishop Kennion will leave Adelaide at the end of February and be absent nine months. The Williamstown beekeepers are rather late in the day. Tne Foul Brood Bill has passed. A Home Rule lecture next week. Here's a chance for henpeckcd husbands. Mr. Currie is going to make it hot. THAT TERRIBLE COW. A correspondent signing himself "Quiet Rest," who is awoke every morning at an unearthly hour by the display of the vocal abilities of some cows which are regularly driven along Hutt street, and especially one that is supposed to have lost her calf, suggests that the owner should give residents in some other street the benefit of the "cows' chorus" occasionally, and then, with apologies to Messrs. Gilbert & Sullivan, bursts into rhyme, as follows:— The cow chews the cud in the spring, tra la, And enjoys to the full the sunshine; But though she's no talent to sing, tra la, She can kick up a deuce of a din, tra, la, Quite devoid of all music or time. And that's what we mean when say or we sing A milk-giving cow is a beautiful thing. Tra la la la, &c.; The cud-chewing cow in the spring, tra la, Is all very well in its place; But on exerting its powers to sing tra, la It becomes quite a horrible thing, tra la, To be shunned by the whole human race. And that's what we mean when we say or we sing May that cow bust his gizzard when making that din. Tra la la, &c.; PARLIAMENTARY POINTS. A special session. Patronising Mr. Stock. Rowley tilting at Ebby. The Chief Secretary ruled out. Will the Institutes Bill be dropped now? Rowley is in favor of doubling the land tax. Ben believes in a nine or ten bushel harvest. The beginning of the end. Let us shut up shop. How do the Legislative Council like the threat? Honest Tom says he is in the hands of both Houses. Bro. Caldwell objects to a fresh deficit being created. A rough time for the Mir:ster of Education yesterday. Some interesting reading about the 1888 pas- toral leases. Big Ben is very sanguine about the prospects of the colony. Only one subject to be considered during the special session. The impracticable member wants a session after Christmas. Appropriation Bill and Treasury Bills Bill carried in the 'Ouse. The opponents of the press will be all Parlia- mentarians this year. What was the corporation Mr. Gould "had in his eye" last night. Mr. H. E. Downer calls Mr. Stock a junior member of the profession. Palmerston prisoners have a Bible and other suitable literature supplied them. The Minister of Education does not mind rough words from the nice young man. Vegetable Products Committee suggest the appointment of an agricultural bureau. We shall have a deficit at the end of the year if the Council don't reverse their action. "So young and innocent a member?" That's what the Attorney-General says of Mr. Stock. Mr. Stock considers that a Chinese puzzle is a fool to some of the clauses of the Institutes Bill. Corporal Kingston says the Ministry can defend their duckling against Mr. Stock's gosling. Poor Ebby. No rest for the weary. He has to pop from one seat to the other all day and all night. The C.C.L. says it is not contrary to law to liberate rabbits infected with sarcoptes cuniculi. Rowley wanted Chairman Ward to criticise the ruling of President Ayers; but Ebby did not see it. David was asked last night to explain the effect of amendments made while he was away from the House. Mr. Stock urged the promoted Bantam to take back his ugly duckling—the Institutes Bill—to his bosom. Bro. Caldwell speaks on every subject, and throws as much light on each as a farthing dip burning at noonday. It is a singular thing that when Brother Caldwell is speaking all the other members are speaking—to one another. The proceedings of the smallest district council would have been more interesting than those of the 'Ouse last night. PARLIAMENTARY ENIGMAS. A gentleman with quite a host of friends, With standing orders at his fingers' ends; No man so quick as he to see a point, Or note a flaw in foeman's armor-joint, And though his thrusts will oft one's feelings rile, Anger is quenched by his good-humored smile; He trots about on conversation bent, And gains one's vote to one's astonishment. As fair in friendship as in war he's fair, What wonder we esteem such virtues rare. 