The Ôld\ Wooden Pipe. , (BY "M. O. T. H.") / ' ? \' CHAPTER I. ,./ " '*\ High among the Swiss/mountains wàs'perched one of those isolated chalets which'the peasants use in the summer, when they drive the herds up for the sake of the sweet mountain pasture. A poor little place, with few conveniences,' except tho butter and cheese, by the sale of which the inmates lived. At the door two women stood ; ono attired in outdoor costume, and evidently on the point. of descending to the valley village, which . lay smiling in the' sunshine far below. The other standing, with skimmer and strainer in hand, looked exceedingly grave, as she gave her visitor a parting caress. " Fare-thee-welU Crystal, and thank thee for1 coming up so kindly. He'll want for naught, the' little one, and that is cause to thank the, good God. But he'll not be with us long to want any thing." ' ' V "' "Keep ,up,iheart,, Elsie, sister. Angels, are made of such as little Etienne. Thou must thank the good Lord that He does thee the honor to; call thy little son to Himself, Elsie." 11 "It's easy talking, but when I see him lying smiling there on the settle, so meek and gentle, always happy with his. carving tools and his. flowers,,and caring only to spare us pain, ah, my. heartbreaks, Crystal, s How can I part with my only^ child;1 sister ; how can I part with my boy?" - "God aid thee, Elsie, in thy sore strait. And' now, good-bye, or "the twilight will be gone, and Carl will be hungry and the children ^ross," '' "Yes, goto thy duty, sister; arid' thank thee for coming up." " Send for me if-" " Ye3, yes. I'd need thee, surely." And. with another sorrowful embrace the sisters parted. Elsie Vonner turned into her mountain home, and crossed the room to where, on a rough settle, clo3e to the earthen stove, lay her little son. Every means had been taken to make little Etienne comfortable. His settle was covered with soft skins of Bheepand long-haired goats, and -pillows, covered with patchwork of intricate patterns, supported his frail little form. Near him was. a rough stand which held half a dozen pots of lovely flowers, wnich tho great warmth; of the room kept in health, even in that high latitude.- A little bunch was close beside the boy; and /upon it were carving tools of many kinds, and one or two small toys of exquisite workmanship. But no eyes, could, find room for observation of "any other thing in that room than the boy him self. ;¡'Etiénne?vVonner was, indeed, 13 years of age j! but he ? looked like ari infant, ? save for the intelligence which-lighted his delicate face. The wrap's which were around him concealed the fragility.- of - his body, and only the transparent hands ¡and exquisite, porcelain-like face were, visible to show that the boy was already in the, arms of death. Such a face, too ; pink and white; and clear, with lips ruby-red and; full; great eyes > of deep bright brown, and long, thick lashes, a broad and full white brow, and, crowning all, great, sweeping, damp masses of luxuriant curls. Through all this beauty; a light shining, as if the lamp of the soul was burning a way through, and would soon liberate itself and be gone from its lovely habitation. As his mother came in, sighing deeply, Etienne lifted himself a little higher on his cushions, and held out his arms. " Little mother, I heard what you said to Aunt Crystal. You must not grieve, litúle mother mine. It's not as if I were a big, strong son, who could drive home the cows with singing, and fol low the chamois high up in the snow. Little Ettie was never any use on earth, mother mine ; but may be in heaven above there's work for even thy little sick one. I'd be glad to go, but for thy grief, dear." The mother sobbed bitterly. " Thou wert ever an angel, Ettie. We might know such as thou could not stay in this woeful world. Thou art thy mother's joy; and, oh, the father'll miss thee sorely, too." , ; "I wish the father were home to-night, mother." ! V';i,i " Brit he won't be, Ettie. He went across the' mountains !with the English party, and cannot be back, before the day after to-morrow." , . : ', ' " For what wouid you have him, my son?" " Never mind, little mother. I have you, and I must be content. ; You're tho best, little' mother."iThen, after a thoughtful pause "Mother; dear; what is dying like, think you ?" ? 1 ¡ " Ah, dear heart, talk not so, Ettie mine. Thou art better to-night. Thy eyes are so bright, arid thy cheeks, such a pretty red. And thy work.' See'how thou hast been working to-day, Ettie. See thy pretty, work, my boy." And, covering her trembling anxiety with a pitiful laugh, the! mother picked up the dainty, bit of work which lay on the rug whioh covered the boy. It was a short brown pipe, all the bowl and stem wound round about with a wreath of ivy so perfectly covered that the tiny leaves might almost have been real. " It is lovely, my boy." " Yes," ; he said dreamily. " It is finished, the last of the dozen. I wanted to finish that order, mother. I; think you may put the tools away now, little mother mine." " The tools away, Ettie. Why you never " Put them on the top shelf, mother. I'll not want them to-morrow." Tho ohild smiled so sweetly in the mother's face that insensibly her anxiety was lessened; and she put the tools' away as he deaired,with an answering smile. ' "And the pipe, Ettie. Shall I pub that away also ?" . .. .. ' ? " Nay; let it lie'. : ; I like to look upon my pretty work, the only work^I'A;ever do, little mother mine. And sit yon rdówji, and sing me Luther's hymn, mother. <: 1; wants to think of heaven, and JesáB, mother. : I'll .see Him soon now, I know.'/ The mother; Bang,") for, all her breaking hearth I ' -it sang solemnly and low, the grand old hymn j and, here and there, for just ..a note or two, the boy addeda. silvery treble to>the strain. , - Very, sweet looked the small face when she had finished. "To ' meet Him," he whispered softly, " " FU be soplad. I don't seem to want more to be prepared.", ) ' : ' "' . ",'' " You havebeen.long prepared, Ettie.",, ::!'..,. 'J Yes,j.ryes," drôamUy.. " Mother mine,, I;am such a little.coward.,^But I've wantedto tell thee alLitho ; long ;day, but I wouldn't - till; I musí, ; to spare thee sorrow; Mother,*' and the "boy's voice grew1 faint with the long speaking, ''-mother; feel my hands and my feet." . rt. With.an awful terror, she did' as'tfebad'e her. Both were.almost as-cold as ice. .i( >. "Lay your hands over my heart, mother." ;,' ^ Gold there also, almost as icy; and the ,beats;¡ came with a slow muffled thud. . >:r <,J; Î Tho poor mother looked into her boy"B face with piteous bewilderment. She would not1 believe the inference he wanted her to draw, and smoothed his long, damp curls with a faltering hand; and'a tearful attempt at a smile. ' >- <; ." Mother mine, my eyes are dim, very , dim. Mother,.this is death." -, ??.?.<??:>??< ,,^¡ 0,, Then she gathered him into |her arms hastily. " No; no, no, my, ohild, no. Let me chafe: thy. hands; dear one. Iwill get hot-? ? ? JJÍ' > But the dear lips were lifted languidly to5 hers," the lips which were fast losing their feyerishbloom, andvthe dear voice was; very faint which replied, " Nay, mother^ kissme. Tell the father I loved--: Ah, Heaven !-Lord !-" 1 ' One long; quivering sigh. A flutter through all the frail, little body 5 and Elsie Vonner held in her arms but-the marble image which was yester day her/loving little son, the boy who1 had never walked the mountain eideB, or leaped the rills, like other women's boys,' but whose angel sweet ness had purified father and mother, until their refinement set them apart from their neigh bors, and lifted them higher in the moral scale than any mere education, could have done. A Little Sudden. (HE WAS BEADING THE LATEST GHOST STOBT.) "At that moment a ohill unearthly wind seemed to blow through the ap artment ; " the pondérons oaken door opened'silently and slowly ; and upon ; its threshold stood a figure robed in : White. . . .. . Gliding noiselessly forward, it said in a hollow voice-" " Ain't you coming to bed, dear ? It's after 2 o'clock .'" , In the morning, Crystal Vonner, coming up from the village, found her sister-in-law sitting alone by her dead, almost as - rigid and marble-like-as he, holding in her hand the little ivy-wreathed brown pipe. : " Let me put it away in memory of hi ox!" she Whispered, trying to draw it from Elsie's hand. But: the mother snatched it fiercely:(back. "'Nb; put it to the others.' It was his last.wish. He wanted the order completed." > ? !. ! 11 * ' Some days later a dealer in suoh toys sold the, pipe to an English traveller. It has a sad tale,' milord," he> said. "I gave thrice its. value for it, for it was the last work of the artist/arid'his mother sold his work to put a oross over his grave. Milord will double my price for the mother P Thanks. She shall have it when I recross the mountains 5 and Etienne's grave will have à fairer wreath. It is well ; for he was a saint, was that little suffering Etienne Vonner." 