TAB HOyfiLIST, LOVER AND LORD. By the Author or 'A MAD LOVE, & o. CHAPTER IX. '.How lato tbo gOYornor is tbis morning | Cristine Singleton cried, looking up with a prolonged yawn from tbo lottor she bad boon indifferently Boanning as bar mother came into tbo room. ' Is ho not down-stairs yet V ' What a question I Mrs. Bruce answered, with a laugh, as sho took hor place at tbe woll-Bpread breakfast-table, and oagorly turned tbe envelopes on bor plate, only to put them aside with a disappointed — 1 No lottor from Vanoe again 1 What can tbe boy bo doing V ' Qetting into misobief, of course 1' Oristine said sharply. 'But never mind Vance, mother ; I asked you wbotbor tbo governor had come down.' ' Of course bo bos — at least three hours ago ; and glad enough I was to got rid of him, I assure you. I never saw a man in sacb a state of nervous oxcitoment in my iifo. Really I think the wedding bas turned his bruin — bo has done nothing but walk about tho corridors declaring that something lerriblo hnsbuppencd to Nora.1 'To Nora I' Oristino echoed, witb a nervous attempt at a contemptuous laugh. Had Mrs. Bruce obancod to glanco ut her daughtor, sho might have soon that tho fuir face grew suddenly pinched- looking and palo, and tho light eyes had a frightened and guilty glitter. Oristino Singloton, who was endoved with a singularly small amount of faith io Divine justice and mercy, was, on the otbor band, most horribly superstitious, end placod ao abjeot trust in Bigns, portents, aod warnings. 'Did — did tbo govornorsco anything Telle asked uncomfortably; and Mrs. Bruce looked up with an astonished stare from her house wifely taok of moaauriog the orange pokeo into a ailvor teapot. ' Bloss mo, obild, what should ho seo 7 You twn as great a goose as be is. I declare you will ruin my nervos among yon I' sho criod, with a pottish laugh, but a consoling consciousness that her nerves wore made of no such penetrable stuff, but weie equal to any amount of friction. ' He did seo at last that it was hardly fair . to spoil my sleep, worn out as I was with a fatiguing day, becauno be could get none himself, and wcut down-stairs, horo I have no doubt Ha found rotuge in bis precious books.' Oriatine made no further comment ; after all, it made littio difforonco to her whether hor step-father mado his appcarauco or not. She had plenty to oocupy her thoughts, but unfortunately the food she herself had given them wee entirely sweeter now than sho had imagined it laat night. Then Bhe bad been ontirely absorbed in the thought of the ample rovongo sho had takon upon the girl who bad ontshono ber in ovcry way. With something like an intoxication of delight, sho bad piotured Nora opening hor present and reading tbo news it contained, pictured the uttir horror of the brido of a day when her old lover rose before ber triumphantly confident iu her truth, and when she had to toll bim that with her own handB aho had raised -up a barrior botweon them. The little drama played out on tbo stago of Orietine's fanoy had seemed entirely satis- faotory and entertaining last night; and thunders of applauso tbe curtain had fallun upon a picturesque tableau of ber triumph and Nora's crushing dofoat — the ddnouerucnt had been pleasantly complete. But somehow the brilliant picture faded a little in tbe colder morning light — disagree able after-ibougbts began to intrudo on tho girl's mind and fill hor with selfish terrors. Now that tbe intooso and irritating jealousy that urged her on to any lengths and blindod hor to nil but tho immodiate consequences of her aots had passed into tbe background, she bocan to aoe with alarming sharpness soma serious self- made diffiouities in ber path. For what happened to L.dy do Grotion she cared not ono straw. She knew how lure and cruet was tbo blow sho haddonlt; the victim might recover from it or dio of it, if she choose. But she did caro very much what happened to horsolf ; and a spectral army of ugly possibilities paraded menacingly boforo her till sho began to wish, not exactly that tho blow had been struck, but that sho herself had figured somowbat less prominently as the avenging angel. ' What a fool I was to write that letter I' sho thoaght, knitting Iter fair brows und tupping ber smart French slipper impatiently on thn floor. ' Sho would have known with out a word that I bad planned it all, and T should not bo in ber power, as I am now. Of coarse sho will show it to Arthur io self- defence, and then bo will never speak to me again ; or she may send it to tho governor, and then, quiet as ho is, tbis bouse will hardly hold us both. Ob, dear, I havo niude a horrible mesa of it, look which way I will !' uo come 10 Dreastast, oiitiu ; you look quite pinobed and wan with hunger,' Mrs. Bruoe broko in with a brisk ohserfulness that seemed horribly incogruons lo Oristino; and, as the girl meohaaioally oboyed hor summons and drow a ohair to tho table, bIio turned to the servant, who still lingered at tho side board, with tho oarelesj question — ' Whero is your mastor, Fienis? Does he know we aro at breakfast!' ' Ho is in tbo library, mu'aui, nnd I rang tho bell twenty minutes ago.' ' Pot hope be has gono out,' MrB. Bruce suggestod, lookiog across at hor daughter, with the slight contemptuous atuiio she was wont to bestow upon hor husband's uu- punctuai habits. But tbe mat. negotivod tbis idea decisively. ' Oh, no ma'am I I took him in a telegram a little while baok, and he has not left the room Bines than, I know.' ' A telegram I' Oriatine repealed, pushing baok her ohair, end turning a ghastly bun, horribio to look upon. ' Mother, there muBt be something wrong.' Mrs. Bra oe folt by no means comfortable herself; somo of tbo superstitious dread that oppressed her daughter seemed stiddoely to pass to her, driving the healthy colour tiom ber faoe and making- hor olear voioe husky and unstaady ; but aha felt if only to impress tbe listening servant, that a sharp rebuke wss necessary, and administered it with sufficient digoily and promptitude. ' You aro really absurd, OriBtiue,' Bhe said aoverely. ' Ono would think your father bad never received a telegram or been late for broakfast before.' Criatino did not answer — would in truth have found spoooh diflioult juBt thon ; nnd her mothor turned again to tho man. ' Lot Captain Bruco know wo are at broak fast.' When Finnio had gone upon his errand, ehn said, in a tonn that had lost all its dignity and was full of pottish frightened complaint — ' You lo your host to infect mo with your terrors, Cristmo, sitting tlioro looking liko a ghost, snd nsvor saying a word. What bad novs could tho telegram bting— unlossindood' — tho handsome face olouding ovor with a gODuino torror— ' unlCBS indeed tbero iB some thing wrong with my poor Vunce, and Captain Bruco fears to toll mo 1 Oh, Cristiue, if it should be that 1' Oristine, straining hor ears to catch tbo man's roturning steps, smiled in ruthor n ghastly fashion to soe what different pathB her mothor'a feara and hers woro tnking. She nnswored impatiently— ' Ob, Vance Alls tho universo for yon ; it was not Vanco of whom I was thinking.' 'Then you aro an unnatural eiotnr I' was tho quick rcspauso, ' I am thankful to say tbo dear boy is never out of my thoughts. Nora would not have answerod mo in such an unfeeling fashion.' ' Nora is flawless now, of courso,' Miss Singleton commenced snoeringly, bu; at that momont Fionis re-oatered tho room ; und it needed but one glance at bis whito frightened face to tell both women thut something was terribly wrong. ' Ob, tnn'am,' bo criod, ' you had hotter como to tho library. Mastor is I had best go for the dootor at onco,' Witb rapid steps and quiokly-beuting hearts, Mrs. Bruco und Oristino mado their way to tho lofty hook-linod room that, seldom yisited by any other motnbor of tho household, was Captain Bruco's fnvourito rotreat. Hero he wdB wont to writo bis lottors, to audit his accounts, to correct aod ro-corroct with laborious patiooce tbo loaraod nautico- soiontific articles that were doslinnd novcr to soe tbo light, but formod at onco tbe object nnd recreation of tbo long leisure to which a melancholy fate had coodemood bim. Here the two woman were to Snd him — bowl It was a question that received no im mediate answer us thoy pushed back tbe heavy door and timidly entered tba room. The shabby old loathor desk, brought with them from Nettlcton, stood opnn in its accustomed placo on tho kooo-bole writing- taklo, a half-hidden sheet of papor oa tho blotter, and the koys still dangling from tho old-fusliioned brass look. Tbo morning sun light streaming through tbe lull window glittered on their woll-polishad brightness, on tho deep crimson of tbo empty pushod-back chair, and on an object prono at its foot. It was a man's figuro stiff and motionless, with a gray bond aboio wbiob two arms bud strctcbod andBtiffanod, as though in appealing agony — the man tboy had como to seak. With a shurp scream of terror that ranc through all tho house and brought tho frightened sorvunts to the door, Mrs. Brttcn run to her husband's sido, lifted tbo gray bead on to hor lap, and looked with horror on the livid face and widely-sturing eyes. 1 He is dead !' she criod, losing nil self- control, and skrinking like a frightoncd child in proscnco of calamity. ' Criatino, come hero ; your father is dead, I tell you I Send far Yanco, for Nora I Satno one should ho horo I' 1 Send for n doclor,' Oristino said, her calm clear tones breaking io upon her mother's frantic ravings, and recalling the bewildered servants to a remembrance of duties to ho dono. Ono or two of tbo women camo into tbo room, tho rest disappeared qutokly as Crislinc knelt by her stop-fnther's side nnd placed ber hand uuan his hoart. It still bout, though with a terribly sluggish slowness. ' He is not dead,' sbo auitl, raising hor yollow head nt last, ' though I fear bo may bo dying.' 'Oh, my poor Duncan !' Tbo woman who bad boon a cold, indifferent, but, in bur fashion and nccording to Iter lights, a faithful and honest wife, broio into a passioo of touts, and with remoraoful tenderness raised the poor gray hand to hor quivering lips. As sho did so, Cristinn's cold glance wandered instinctively to tbo othor hand, which had stiffened on something that it atill hold with a conrulsivo clusp — something that gloamed pinkly through tho palo fingors, Cristinc's heart leaped convulsively ; it must bo tho tolcgram of which the man bad BpoksD. Her superstitious foars had not deceived hor ; it was that which bad stricken him dawn. Was it from Nora, from Arthur Beauprd, from Lord do Grotion I What horribio news did it contain ? Howovrr sbo managed it her eyos roust bo tbe first to mastor its contents. Witb a supremo effort, sho regained tho sslf-contiol lost for ono torior-stricKoa moment, and prepared far instant action. ' Control yotirsolf, uiothor.'shosnid stornlv. ' If, ns I four, it is paralysis, there will bo work lor you to do.' ' Paralysis I' mouaotl tho poor woman, witb it cold shivorunil another caress to tho cold sonsolcss hand that noithor warmed nor stirred boncatb bor touch. But Criatino. not lisoding her mother's lamentations, turnod to thu servants with elenr preciso orders whioh, in Bpito of tho morbid curionity that prompted thorn tn linger, they had no oboioo but to obey. 'The doctor will require hot water, mustard-baths, ics, und hot blankots. Seo thut they aro all ready,' sho said, looking round. ' And, grumbling at Miss Cristine's 1 arbitrary ways,' but scoretly admiring bor clour-hoadcl forethought, tho women with drew. Then, and not till then, Oristino strove to disengage tho orampled paper from the olose and deathlike grip. It was a task requiring no littlo nervo and patience ; but she Rticcssded at last. The sold band lay open and empty--the i.aper was in ber possession. ' Cristine, what are you doing T \- With a sort of angry gusp Mrs. Bruce put the question, brushing awty (be thickly- falling tsars that blurred hor vision, the batter to follow her daughter's extraordinary moromonts. Cristina had risen suddenly to her feot, and, with a look that frightened tho watching ! woman— a look more terrible than the dark shadow that rested oa tho faco of thostrickon man — was alowiy tearing tho telegram into minutost fragments. ' Can yon not nnswor, Oristino ? Is that the iclogrotn you are tcnrii.gT 'Yes,' CriBtino answered slowly ;' it is best destroyed ; it has such ugly nows. No wonder that it upset bim. I urn hard onough ; but' — with a strong shudder—' I never drenmcd of this I' The wild words, the wilder action, wrought Mrs Bruce almost to a fronr.y of terror. She gathered the fragments, and tiiod lo piece them together, but iu vaiu j tbero was no help but in an appeal to ber daughter. ' Cristine, for pity's sake, obild, toll mo thn truth I Is it'— the inotliet-paBsion rising in an overmastering fear supromo above all others — ' is it from Vunce f Cristine broke into n shrill cry, half laughter and half scroam, that cchood horri bly through thn lolty room and workod her mothor'a feara to frenzy-point. Then shu nnswored almost calmly— ' No, mothor ; you nood not foar for Vance. He' — with a frightened sido-glanco at tho prostrate figure — ' had no neod to spare us. The blow falls only on him.' ' On him I1 With widening eyos tho older woman pondered tho words. 'Oh, Cristine, it is — it must lie — Norn I' ' Y?s, it is Nora,' Oristino admitted, iu tbe same frozen fashion. ' Lord do Grottoa was murdered last night, and Nora was missiug this morning — that is all.' CHAPTER X. Ali. that day and night Captain Bruco lay in ilia sumo helpless, hopoless state. Lifo lingered still in tho inort fruiro ; somewhere behind the darkened eyes thought and sonea- tion, memory, and power to sntl'or puiu wore to bu found ; but for tbo prssont they woro in abeyance ; whether thoy would ovor wake agnin the doctor would not undertiko to say. 'It may be that ho will rooovor— this is tho Grst attack — or it may ho that ho will pnas away in this stupor,' (lie dootor said witb a compassionate glance at the girl upon whoso fair delicate face some sudden blight sceniod to hnvo fallen, who ovidently fait tbo eituation deeply, and yot was utile to reooive bis in structions with a sort of helpful self- control, wbilo her mother, in another part of the liotiBn, passed from ooo fit of screuming hysterics to another. Cristine, standing palo and sllont at the foot of tho great bed, looking at the gray face so puthoiicully changed, with its drroping lip and dull hnlf-opened eyes, thought with a sudden vivid remombrauco of tho cruol nows to which lie must awaken, thought that, if llcavou woro pitiful, it would bo best that ho should ao pass away. Involuntarily ber thoughts formed them- solves into words. ' Death would bo inorcy horo,' she said, in a low friglitoocd whisper tliut struck on tho listener's our with strangely tragic force. lis turned nnd eyed tbo girl a littlo sternly. Hitherto sho had sueiucd anything but lioitrt- less, hitherto iu his thoughts ho had bestowed upon her the bigkeHt commendation ; Imt ' those words filled him with u quick revulsive disgtiBt. He was a strangor to the family, but a neighbour; anil, iu common witb all othor neighbours, ho had heard of thu grand match that Captain Bruco's daughter hail mado. Tho fushionahlo papers had over- How ml with descriptions of the bride's trousseau, presents, grace, houuty, and general liappincsn. Naturally, then, bo expected ber father to ho ono of the most proadly coetented of men, and naturally ulso attributed tbis sudden attack to the ovor-ox- citoment ol the occasion, In those circumstances Cristine's remark scomod as uncalled for as it was heartless and worthy of rebuke. ' Lifo ia always best wbilo Heavon wills that we shuuld keep it,' bu said severely. ' Your father's stuto is most critical u'.prosuut; but, if bo is kept from all ovcitomont-— ' 'If,' Cristine interrupted, with a convul sive shudder — ' if his lifo dopends upon bis being kept free from excitomont, ho will die ia his Drat conscious moment.' 1 You have bad nowa for him then V Cristine, still staring it Iter stop-father's lace, bent ber heed by way of answor, 'It must bo kept back ut all costs,' tba man suiil peremptorily ; 1 or perhaps ho knows it alruedy 1' ' He does,' Cristine suid quietly j but, though lliu doctor lingorod curiously, she vouchsafed no further information. 'So much for preconceived ideas,' ha thought, ae he passed out ioto the brilliant aummor morning. ' I took it for granted that triumph, snd not trouble, knocked the poor eld fellow down. T woodor what tho bud nans is. T'hnt young lady Booms rather reticont, but, Sfonaror later, no doubt I shall know.' And boforo the day was many hours older not only ho, hut all London knsw how terri ble wus tba blow tliut bud smitton Duncan Bruce to tho earth. The evening newspapers, tbo very nowspupors that contained tbe storeotypod roportors' ' gush' ovor tho aristo cratic wodding of tho previous day, set forth its staring characters tboir sensational accounts nl tho ' Horrible Tragedy in tho WoBt. Murdor of a Bridegroom. Strange Disappearance of tho Bride.' Before night fell, uil England was tulking of Lord de Gretton'e murder, and tho talagrapb-wiroe were llaehing tbe nows all over tho faco of tho globo. Boforu night foil, the ouso bad been tried by thousand of solf-constitutod tribunals, and an almost univorsal verdict found tbo absent Nora guilty of bor husband's death. It so obancod that Ela Joyco, who, as Nora's bridostnaid, had mado tho unlucky 1 Luey Asliton' comparison, was at a gardon- party, listening to tbamusioof the Hungarian Band, and daintily eating an ioo, when tbe horribio news was whispered from one to another through all tho tents and across tbo velvot green lawn until it reached her ear. Sho grew whito as the ivory silk dross sho wore, and dropped tho ohiaa shell with a shurp incredulous ory. 1 Oli, impossible 1' sho said passiouatoly. ' It is too horribio I Why, I ' ' You prophesied Jit,' Sir George Orouoste Gnisbod, with something like n Bbudder. 'You did indeed, Miss Joyce; it is most extraordinary to mo I' (to he continued.) 