THE CRUISE OF THE BLAIR ATHOLE. Mr. W. Garner sends from Java the following highly interesting account of his journey as far as that portion of the , world. We expect to receive farther accounts of his voyage from time to time, and Mr. Garner has also premised to give us bis impressions 'of England after an absence of about ten years from the old conn- WJ Wednesday, Dec. 15th. Gerald ton gradually receding from sight, a last silent good-bye to friends, whom I can never sufficiently thank for past kindnesses, and a peculiar np and down . motion in my inside which leads me.to bdievethere will shortly be an earthquake or eruption. All these combined do not tend to make one feel exceedingly light- hearted, yet we have a good ship, a splendid Captain, a most obliging Steward, and a fair breeze wafting us on our homeward way. After, making a determined bat poor onslaught on the good tilings provided for dinner, something sud denly strikes me I am wanted on deck, but on arriving there, the fresh air pulls me together again, and I decide that the good tilings "the Steward has supplied us with are not to be thus \- wantonly sown broadcast on the ocean. "Cast thy bread upon the" waters" is a good enough maxim, I dare say,, but there are circumstances when one feels he'd rather not, if he can pos sibly help it.. Toward evening we are cigar of the Abrolhos Islands, so justly famous for hos pitality and guano, belonging to Messrs. Broad- hurst, McNeil and Co., and then we begin to feel the long rolling swell of the mighty ocean, which causes another slight indecision on my . part, but I at length decide not to, and retire to . my bunk, having successfully fought against and conquered that terror of all landsmen, seasick ness. Thursday 15th. — Did you ever have a red nose — a glorious red nose, a nose so red that yon can light your pipe at the end of it, and the public generally, take it for a street lamp ? Such will be the state of mine in a day or two if it contin- " nes to progress as favorably as on the first day. Not a whisky nose, goodness knows, but a gen uine, sunburnt, sea air nose, garnished delicate ly with little pieces of white skin jnst beginning to peel off. Am np early this morning to find a fair breeze and the good ship doing all she can, the water changed to that deepest of deep bine, only - seen in the deepest of deep water. 190 miles have we made from onr old Geraldton friends, and thebreeze still freshening. Before I go any farther let me give a descrip tion of this vessel now sailing the ocean blue. | She is an iron ship of 1671 tons register, fall " rigged, splendidly fitted up, having in the Bal- oon, beside two state rooms, 5 first-class cabins, ; containing 2 bunks each and bath room, berths for first, second, and third mates and steward. Boatswain, carpenter, and apprentices have berths in a deck house amidships and sailors for ward : she is provided with a very powerful donkey engine, which not only materially as sists the crew in the heavier work, but conden- ; ses all the water used on board, and as a climax to so many perfections we have the most land and affable Captain it has ever been my lot to travel with. . Friday 17th. — At 12 noon to-day, the result of observations shewed 291 miles since noon yesterday, making nearly 500 miles in two days. I wonder if your Railway line, now in course of construction, will, when complete, ever average . the same distance m the same time. The mornings are bright and cool, but to wards noon it becomes hazy, and everything be gins to feel damp, and by 4 p.m. a heavy dew is falling, which will not permits one sitting down on deck with any comfort, and makes sulphur matches and the smoker on anything but good terms. Flying fish have been numerous, shoal after shoal have risen within a few feet of onr 1>owb, pursued their erratic flight for same dis tance, and then with a sudden flutter and splash disappeared from view in their native element. Saturday .18th. — In the tropics and North of the sun, with a pleasant breeze, but hazy dull weather. Sighted a vessel about 7 a.m. on Gur starboard bow, bearing away to the North, but in half an hour or so she bad completely disap peared from the hazy horizon. Our right good Captain Taylor has been suffering from rheumatics for the last few days, and is still very bad. Hope he u-ill be all right in a day or two. Since noon yesteiday 265 miles have been passed. Rather a comical occurrence happened yesterday. The morning we left Geraldton a goat was put on board, and we ail remarked how exceedingly tame Nanny was. yesterday she walked into the 1st mate's cabin, and in a few minutes had entirely demolished a large bunch of everlasting flowers he had carefully preserved to take home. To-day the performance was repeated, only this time he walked quietly through the saloon, and into Capt. Taylor's cabin, palled down some dried plants he had preserved, then, entered another cabin, daintly picked a few everlastings, and by way of des sert completely finished a few geraniums and fnscbias growing in a wooden box, leaving no thing but a few sticks peeping in a most melan choly -manner, ont of the mould. Since the last performance Nanny has been,- strictly for bidden the saloon. She has a most peculiar taste, prefering even an emu skin to hay. Sunday 19 th.— How true it is that there is something so calm, still, and peaceful in all sur roundings on the Sabbath, that one feels in stinctively it is a day set apart for rest and wor ship. How quiet it has been the whole day, even the wind and waves seemed stilled and subdued. I pictured to myself the little kirk, and almost wished I was back again in my old" place in the choir. Our irrepressible nanny goat has no respect for Sunday, for watching her opportunity she dipped into the Carpenter's berth, when his back was turned for a few minutes, and ate np all his tobacco. Nan does : not seem particular in her diet. At 12 noon to day we had made 188 miles. The>wlnd contin ues very light, and the weather cloudy. We however, hope to reach Batavia by Xmas. The heat is perceptibly increasing as we get farther North, and I am expecting a broiling hot Christ mas. Monday 20th. — Nothing of importance to communicate jfine weather, light breeze, made 162 miles at 12 noon. The next four days very doll, the thermometer gradually rising. Saturday 25. — Christmas day. The first Christ mas day Ihaveeverspenton board ship, and a very peculiar one too for me. Christmas morning we sighted Java heads, and had a dim view of Kra- katoa, where the "eruption occurred some three years ago. It then came on to raid steadily ; a squall from, the westward took us suddenly aback, and it was all hands to the Daces. No sooner had we got the yards round, than round went the wind again, and the same work had to be repeated. This continued for some three hours, it pouring with rain the whole time, and eveiy man Jack of us wet through to the skin. Yon can picture to yourself the state of your humble servant who had " sort ©' got himself up in honor of the day." At 8 bells I had a chance of a ishange, and not before it was ne cessary. Everything I had on was completely soaked through. It is said anything worth do- 1 ingat all is worth doing well. This adage is thoroughly understood by the Clerk of the Wea ther at Java, especially. . with regard to rain, ..if ! the weather of to-day can be taken as any cri- ' tenon. I cannot say we had a remarkably jolly Christmas, butatany rate it was anewexperience for me. We , drank the health of all our Gerald ton friends and wished you all a merry Christinas and a happy New Year. Stayed on deck until midnight to see if the wind would change, but ho 6uch luck. Sunday 26th. — A beautiful bright morning, a few clouds hovering overhead, Java heads on onr quarter, Krakatoa on onr beam, and the coast of Sumatra and several small islands right ahead. The wind still blowing from the east ward prevents ns entering the Straits of Sunda. If this wind holds we may have to snocK anoui outsiae lor a nay or two, anyimng buta pleasant prospect when in sight of land; Last night we saw no less than eleven home ward bonnd vessels all clearing the Straits with the very wind which prevents us entering them. Monday 27th. — Rain again, and wind shifting to all points of the compass. About 4 p.m. light favorable wind, which towards midnight freshened considerably, and at snnrise this morning (28th) we were close to St Nicholas point, and about 60 miles from Batavia, which we hope to reach this evening. The scenery throngh the strait is wonderfully picturesque and interesting. We passed quite a fleet of fish ermen's boats with their peculiar lateen sails, little pieces of colored rag floating from the mast, and much variety and color in the cos tumes of the crews, Their fondness for bril liant colors was exhibited in one boat in partic ular, its mast being painted white, bine, scarlet, pink, black, and green. At 4 p.m. anchored in the outor roads of Batavia, about 4 miles from shore, and went ashore in the Ship Chandlers boat, a long narrow boat, rigged in the native manner, manned by Javanese. I have never been in a faster Bailing boat in my life. Capt. Taylor's verdict was that no boat in Champion Bay, not even -the. Blair Atbole cutter, would have the ghost" of a chance with one of these. Making strait for the month of the Canal which, leads right np into the town,- yon notice the great number of peculiar shaped, and rigged boats of the Javanese, and the eye is attricted by the not less peculiarly.drcssed colored crew, especially the large round hat so much like ah inverted wash, hand basin, . which is worn by nearly every native. On landing, at the Cus tom House Wharf, we engaged a trap to take ns to the Consul's, as Capt. Taylorexpects to obtain his orders there, and to find sufficient men to make np the full gcomplement of his crew, a number of the .old crew haying deserted in Champion Bay (as yon know)! He was how ever disappointed, and as the vessel is ordered to Soerabaya, he intends going on at once, and shipping the remainder of the crew there. A stranger, like myself, finds innumerable objects of interest in Batavia on every hand, until one becomes almost bewildered by the endless pan orama. We jumped into tbc tram, consisting of three long cars, two second and one first class, and were wheeled along at a very fair speed, and with very |i|tie noise and jolting, by a comical little engine driven by compressed steam, which they take in at various stopping places where there are stationery engines to sup ply them with the steam at great pressure. The driver,' who is generally a Chinaman or Javan ese, warns each and all of his approach by con tinually ringing sl bell suspended above bis head. The only other means of getting about (especi ally in this, the rainy season) is by means of a small trap and smaller pony. The little anim als are so small that one almost feels it a cruel ty to ride behind them, but they are very hardy. I have seen them trotting along qnite smartly dragging a trap with four fat Chinamen and the driver inside, a load yon would think which would almost lift the little animal up in the air. Daring a drive throngh the Enropean quarter I was astonished to find so great a number of very handsome villas, each with the broad ver andah, under which is displayed all the drawing room furniture, and at night when this is lighted up by two or thr.ee glass gas chandel iers, also hung from the ceiling of the verandah, and a number of tropical plants carefully ar ranged in front and at either side, the effect is oriental in every detail. The European Hotels arc, many of them, very handsome buildings, and the accommodation first class. The prin cipal buildings are the Governor's -Palace, the Museum, the Club, the Theatre and the Chur ches. Unfortunately during my short stay the theatre was not occupied by a Company, so I: had no opportunity of seeing the interior, nor was I able to visit the Zological Gardens, which I am told contain many rare specimens of the birds and animals of Java and Sumatra. Among others I was told of a grasshopper 14 inches long, bnt I think in this instance, my informant being very religious, and seeing I was a stranger, was trying to take me in. During : the night of the 29th and the whole of the 30th it rained incessantly, a regular tropical down- pouring, but no vrind, so we lay quietly at an chor until the morning of the 31st, when we got under weigh about 6 a.m., and kept a steady easterly course the whole day and night, com pletely running away from four other vessels vvhic'u started at the same time. January 1st, 1887. — Should have liked very much to liave been able to attend your New Year's service, but hope to do so next year. The clav was fine with a good breeze, and we expect to "arrive at Soerabaya to-morrow evening. 