'I'rU N0V3iii.si'. .LOVER AJND LOK br tub Autjioh or 'A MAD LOVE/ <fce. CHAPTER XX. 'TklIi mo all, Vnncor Nora criod, when her Houses woke. Tho anguish of such a waking might tvoII have turned tho strongest brnin and broken tho stoutest heart: bat, when the first wild rush of memories was past, tho girl grow strangely calm— bnt the unutter able agony of a lost soul seemed, to Vance Singleton's fevered fancy, to look through tho groat gray oyos. No wonder that the young raan grew white as a fainting girl ! Tho task she sot him might woll appal tho bravest. I roraembor Arthur left me,' she said, pressing both hands to her temples, and looking up with a hunted desperate gaze that made Vance's young heart acho. ' I remombcr that we had a quarrel ; and then Iromembor Lord do Grotton — dead. Oh' —the gray eyes dilated and darkened horribly— 1 1 can see tho blood —his blood — still on my hands, ray dross everywhere F 'Hush, Nora!' tho young man broke in, with almost savage sternness, for the girl's voice rose to a shrill hysteric scream, and her words ovon now wore fraught with a hideous peril, might even now consign her to a doom of which the more thought turned him cold. But his heart ached for tho lost creature, with tho snow of winter on the graceful girl-head, and all Cain'h anguish burning in the young heart and looking through tho lovloy haggard eyes. 4 If only thoy need not apeak those words,' Vance thought, with painful passion — 4 tho fatal words that would blister their lips in passing and make them shun each other's gaze for ever after F 4 Nora,' ho said more gentle, talking the hot hnnds in his, ami drawing the girl down upon the couch besido him, 4 tny poor dear Nora, do not spcuk more of— of the terrible thing that have been. Think that for a while trouble crazed you, and, now t lint tho madness has pass ' Ho paused, hardly knowing how to end the sentence — to say, 4 Forgot, nnd be happy/ would be too cruol u mockery ; aiul yet Nora looked at her stop-brother, a sluido of bewilderment in hcrguzo; evidently she did not follow his argnment to its logical termination. How Vance wished that Nettie wero there to help him with her qtioker wit and more potent pleading ! But Nettie was out, and in her absence the crisis so long foreseen and droaded hud como. 'I must npeak, or I shall go mad ngaiu !' Nora persisted, with a pnssionnto ring, jarring ull old- melody of tho soft pretty voico. 4 I think and think, but I can call back nothing after that. It is as though a curtain thick nnd bluck and impenetrable dropped between the two halves of my life.' 4 Do not raise it,' Vance said hoarsely, looking away from the poor pleading eyes — for he began to doubt whether in truth sho did remember all, whether she did net think that soroow alone lay in her part, and not that which he shuddered to recall. , Do not raise it, Nora/ ho pleaded, with a sort of dosperate energy; 4 for your own sake — for all our sakes — let things rest as they are.' Sho looked up— Vance will never forget that look, its dumb agonised plcadiug, its struggle for submission, and then the sudden break down, tho wailing tortured cry— 1 Oh, I cannot ! Vance, dear Vance, you havo boon so good, so kind a brother, and more than a brother to me, havo pity on mo now, and tell me all !' Still Vance sat stupidly muto beside her, resisting her prayer no longer, but praying i in his. turn that the right words in which to answer it would come ; at present he could find none. Sho misinterpreted his silence, and slipped suddenly to her kuuss. 'Vance/you do not know, you cannot know, what it is to He sleepless through the hours of the night, groping nud groping iu a worse darkness than that which lies Around you for a lost part of your life — to fool that thcra is something full of pain ami horror, something that mokes you different ! from all other people, that has whitened your hair while you are pitifully young, and ' make your friends, tho best and kindest of them, shrink from you, even while they are most kind. Yes'— as tho limn would have broken it with n forced disclaimer of whut ho knew to bo the truth — 4 even 3011 at times— I havo seen you look at me with such pit and such horror!' Shu paused, . clasping both liandH before her eyes, ns though to shut out some painful object from her fright, then added, in an earnest . whisper, 'Vaneo, if you only knew the torturu of suspense, 3011 would have pit ' upon mo and tell mo all !' '/ Vance Singleton could resist 110 longer. . ' Evpp. the worst he hud to tell could hui'dl exceed the torture of which he hud caught a brici and passing glimpse. ' I will toll rou all, Norn. ; but ou must bo -very strong and brave,' he said, eyeing tlio white fnco anxiously, wishing with nil his .hoart that Nettie would como in, that tlio task had fallen to her. 'I will/ Nora said simply ; nnd, though ..heiUps trembled, there was a resolute f:gieam in the clear gray cyos which com forted and helped the young man. ,c. As ' briefly and gontly ns might bo, ho told lior tho whole story of the lust few months— how Nettie had roscucd her from Haicid6 how they had brought her with them, and how Providence had aided her oscnpo— how tho finding of the poor sea- waif who had boon buried as Lady do Grotton had silenced all suspicion and -stoyod all pursuit. She listened in tho absolute silonco sho had promised, her face becoming rigidly, terribly calm. Only tlio groat changeful oyes, .now dark as night, now brightening to a clear .luminous gray, in any way inter preted the feelings that warred within her. bi'ii a;r1-hank you/ she said, whon ut last he j i .brought' tho halting incohoront story ton j 1 oloso. ./You and Nettie havo been moro thajn mortal in our goodness to mo. Knowing what .you knew, thinking -what n. .;yoa.( thought, your lives havo both been \ sacrificed to mo — a murdoross F , ,y,f , Slio .grow so whito n» she spoke the. torriblo word that Vaneo cried hastily — i 4 No, Nora — a maddened miserable girl.' 4 Bnt none tho loss a nmrdoross, if ovon in delirious frenzy I shed a foUow-crcaturo's blood. Oh, Vance F Tho voico that hud hitherto been low and culm by strong con straint now roso to a shrill anguished cry. 4 Oh, Hoavcn help mo, this is worse than all I No wonder that tho outer world con demned me, when ou, ovon ou, believed 1110 guilt' of this sin F 4 And nro you not ?' Tho words broke from tho man's lips in a lioarso whisper ; his hourt bent with such wild tierce throbbings that ho could hardly force himself to speak, A thousand frantic thoughts Unshed through his brain, be wildering him with their rapid rush. In all his agonised musings on tho subject ucver once had he entertained tho saving thought of Nora's innncence bofore, 4 And aro you not ? Nora, I havo neither judged nor condemned you — answer mo now F She lookod ut him ; nnd the mute re proach, the touch of incredulous Bcorn in tho great eyes, hurt him tho more for the gratitude that struggled with and .strove to couquur both. Then .suddenly sho fell upon her knees and raised her clasped hands, culling upon Heaven to testify to the truth of her words. 4 As Heaven is my witness, no !' sho said, in clear thrilling tones that never broke nor faltered ; and on tho earnest upturcd fnee there shone n sudden light and glory that was not ull shed there by tho setting sun. Until I knelt by Lord do Gretton's side that morning, I knew of no danger that threatened, no harm (hut had befallen him.' 4 Thank Heaven ! Oh, thank Heaven for that F It was not Vance who spoke, not Vance who ran to Nora's sido, and Hinging both arms round her neck, clung to hor with vchomcut uurcserved affection, and sobbed nnd laughed aloud in a tompost of gratitude and joy. It was Nettie, quick, loving, impulsive Nettie, who did all these things, nitcl, still holding Norn fast, turned round an April fnee to sec how far Vance shared her wild unmeasured joy. Standing within tho doorway, she had heard those wild impassioned words, that sad appeal to Heaven's justico from the cruel jmlgincut of man ; and, with u icmiur woman s instinct, sue never wuuuiuu its perfect truth. Vance might pause and doubt, and, lougiug to believe still, struggle with a lingering incredulity. SI10 knew no such middle course. The dread shadow (hat lmd darkened her path so long vanished in a great glad hurst of sunshine. Should she of her own free will dwell in the darkness ? Nettie laughed, a little hysterically perhaps— for she wis still thrilling trom head to foot with intense excitement and immeasurable relief — but st ill laughed in honest scorn of the idea. 4 You poor wronged darling !' she cried, hugging Nora again, and meeting her calm sad glance with loving brimming eyes. Can you over forgive our cruel thought ?' 4 Can I ever thank you, rut her ?' Nora said gravely. Thinking mo that, how could you take me in ?' 4 Oh, it was awful F Nettie answered, with mi honest little shudder that told plainly as any words how completely with her suspicion had hucotuc a t hing of the past. 4 To love you with one half my heart ami be downright nfmid of yon with the other, to sec you so gentle and sweet and patient, ami think those dear little hands of yours wero ever — that even in madness you Oil' — she broke off impatiently — 4 it is we who were mad ever to doubt you F Inexpressibly grateful to tlio harassed and tortured girl weru those honest in coherent utterances, worlh nil the eloquence of all tho world's orators was that simple, illogical, ill-expressed trust. Until now, through nil her pain, Nora had not wept ; now the tears gathered slowly in the great eyes and fell one by one down the paleface, as she bent it over Nettie's head. For two or three minutes tho women cried together, comforting, saving tours that did them both good. 4 And Vance — what, do you suy to Vance?' Nettie cried, raising her head briskly. Emotion soon exhausted itself 111 the young actress's sensible, practical nature, and all her instincts urged her on to action. Her cry had done her a world of good, and cleared all the cobwebs from her bruin ; but there was no sort of sense ill crying when spocch would so much better serve her turn. 4 IVhut does Vance say to mo, rather ?' Nora answered, with a sort of grave and dignified pathos. With Nettie she was in sympathy at once ; tho girl's impulsive outburst had broken down all barriers betwoen them. With the slower, sterner judge her innocence was still 011 trial. A moment before Vance must still have blundered nnd stumbled over bis answer ; now — he hardly know why — perhaps his faith caught lira from Nettie's fervent flame, perhaps tlioso eyes so clear ami pure and proud rebuked and shamed his linger ing doubt — he spoke on an inner impulse, and with perfect honesty, as he kissed the beautiful upraised fuco, 4 1 think, as Nottio thinkR| that wo wore mad to doubt you. Forgive us, Norn, if you can.' Something like the ghost of tho old Nora pooped for a moment from tho troubled oyes and mado tho worn young face innocently fair and bright. It vanished almost instantly 5 still it was something to have brought it there. Vanca Singleton's heart glowed with thankfulness as he saw it como and go. They discussed tho mutter 110 more that day, ns Nottio intorposcd with a peremptory nurao's veto, fearing tho olfeet of further agitation in hor pntiont's weakened state ; but by-and-by Nora revortcd to it, with a volunteered promise that it should bo for tho last timo. 4 1 am dead, you know,' sho said, with fcho sad far-away smilo that gavo her beautiful fuco a sweetly spiritual look. 4 Norn Vansittart has hor lifo boforo lioi — wo innst arrango tlmt afterwards—but Nora Bruce in buriod in Stoko Vernon after to- dny. Wo will not disturb hor grave/ 4 Bnt, Nova/ Nettie interrupted, in quick dismay, 4 you speak ns though this siuto of things wero final. That must not and shall not- bo — must it, Vauco ? Somo day hor innocence will bo proved/ 4 T think not, dour/ Nora interrupted, touching with soft caressing fingers tho' shining rings upon thu law whito brow. 'I think that those who found me guilty thou would hardly reverso their verdict now/ Nettie looked thoughtful, and Vanco know instinctively what doubt was troubling hor mind. Hud thoy dono harm, nnd not good, by their precipitate Atop ? Had they condemned Nora to a living death, whon her innocence might possibly liavo been proved ? 4 No/ sho said, as though interpreting tho thoughts of tho young pair. 4 You did tho very host that could lrnvo been dono in overy way. My life really ended before— that dreadful day.' "She was long heforo she recovered from the shock of that awaking— before sho roused herself to anything liko interest in her actual life; but it was impossible for gloom to abide in Nettie's bright presence ns for darkness to resist the influence of the sun. By every loving wile and tender womanly device she drew the girl from the memory-haunted solitude of her own thoughts and more and more within the circle of her own vivid interests. Now it was work with which Norn must help her, now advice that Nora's keen artistic tnsto must give, and new— this with a shy and depi coating glance at her husband— little hints that thu better-educated and mora highly-brod Nora might bestow upon the clever little representative of modern- comedy ladies. So, little by little, half unconsciously, and luilf, as it wero, against her will, Nora passed from her dreary dreamland back to the waking world. People who knew Vance and Nuttio, their fellow-workers at the theatre nnd tlioso few literary and artistic friends whom they had permitted themselves to make grew quite accustomed to seo Mra. Sidney Vansittart accompanied by the while-haired girl whoso face was like a tragic poem, as ono her numerous admirers said, and whose voice, in her lightest moments, had a strangely sorrowful ring. That voice so impressed their manager tlmt ho made stranumw exertions to persuade 4 Miss Vansittart" that her trno vocation lay within the walls of a theatre, and her willl I error of the bare idea amused as much as it surprised him. 4 She hud queer ideas, tlmt sister of yours, Van/ he said to Vance, with tlio irec-and- eusy manner of his class, 4 and a deuced high look, ami all that sort of thing. Somehow, if I did not know how it was, I should have taken her for a downright swell!' Vance laughed, less bceuuse the polite implication amused him than to cover thu uneasiness the careless words caused. 4 Oh, I don't mean impolite, 1 assure you ! You are a first-rate fellow in your way, high-toned manners, and all that sort- ot thing; lmt. Miss Vunsitturtis — is— hang it, I don't quite know what she is/ ho finished, with a puzzled little laugh, 4 but something quite out of t he way and extraordinary ! She might make a fortune on tho stage, if she has only half the passion and go her face promises. I wonder you have never thought of running her in the tragic line, Van ? And yet I do nut know. Somehow she scums a cut above the theatre, though she docs not mind being dresser to Airs. V.' Vaneo felt a cold thrill us ho listened, and assumed his loftiest manner for the repression of thu man, who was quite unconscious that his speculations could give o Hence. 4 My sister is quite cupublo of managing her own affairs, I assure you/ ho said coldly; whereupon Mr. Valance laughed, shrugged his shoulders, aud, with an amused and careless 4 Quite so, dear boy !' let the matter drop, to the young actor's infinite relief, And meantime the original engagement made by Vance and ami Nettie bad expired. Mr. Vulunee was willing enough to renew it; and, though Vntice know his young wife's eyes and thoughts turned, with an ever-growing louging, buck across tho wide waste of wntcr that rolled nnd tossed between her and bur mother and Jenny, and that little home of which she had been tho bread-winner and the hend, he knew also that he should hear no murmur from the sweet red lips if he deemed longer exilo wisest and host. But, while he still doubted, for Nora's sake, whether or not to sign, while tho manager still pressed him urgontly, Nora herself interposed in a calm resolute fashion that lifted tho burden of responsibility from Vance Singleton's mind. ' You must not keep Nottio from her mother any longer, Vance. It is hor turn to be considered now. She is too un selfish to put her wish into words, but it is always in Iter thoughts and iu hor oyes, dear. You must take her home.' 4 And yon ?' tlio young man asked eagerly. Perhaps sho was right. Cristine und his mother were 111 Germany still. Who else would bo likely to reeogniso in the sorrowful whitc-huircd Miss Vansittart the beautiful Lady do Gretton of a day 4 1 shall como too. Yes, it will bo quite safe, Vance/ tlio girl added, with her brave pathetic smile, 'for you know that I am dead/ So Mr. Vulance angrily tore up his agree ment; nnd the next 4 White Star' steamer bore the party homo. CHAPTER XXI. Thk Inst sunset brightness of a lino Sep tember uftornoon streamed into tlio dingy room in which two women sat at work, touching the two bent heads with a glory that discovered all tlio silver throads in the darkness of the ono, all the golden tints among the pale yellow tresses of the other. Tho year that had brought them little in tho way of solid good fortune ami left them leas in tho shape of plensnnt memories hud in no way altered tho outward aspect of Cristine Singleton or Mrs. Bruce. Tho younger woman might look a trifle moro haggaid and pinched, a littlo moro rostlossly discontented with herself and a world of which sho lmd asked much and obtained little— tho older, 111 tho somewhat shabby weeds of hor widowhood, a loss important personage than the beamingly complacent lady who was Lord do Gretton's motlicr-in-law-elect ; but in ull substantia! things theso two wero altogether un changed. (to ub continued.) 