Bulimba. Is one of the places "where history is made. -There are many such places in the "world, though only a few just like Bulimha. The ^ nearest to it that I can think of at this moment . is the floor of the New South "Wales Assembly. It is now a. long time since Lee and Macpher eon tried conclusions behind the speaker's chair- The conclusion they came to was that the game was not worth the candle. Since those gory days we have had Dibbs and '"another, "Wisdom v. Buchanan, Clarke v. another, M'Elhone v. everybody, and now specially IFElhone v. Toohey. But Bulimha is coming on nicely. There arc rome hopeful signs at the little board. Hapleston prods the odes of bucolic counsellors till they, the counsellors, roar in pain. He has a little shiletto, tipped with mathematics, which touches them up fine. They are afraid to turn on him. They say his years entitle him to . respect. But they are coming on nicely in this .way. The first item in a good training for a bear garden is to thoroughly demoralise the temper. This can be done by finding out each man's favourite corn and treading upon it. For instance one man has a penchant for im proving properties 11 agin" his own door: another has a little denominational fish to fry ; another has an old electioneering score to wipe off. Everyone of these things is, as I said, a sort of favourite corn on which you have only to tread with precision and persistency. A man will bear it for a time. After that it acts like the dropping of water on the same spot on a man's bald head. It is bound to fetch him. The next thing is to unbridle one's tongue. Let a rn»T\ begin to talk in the vernacular of the vestry, let him use words commonly represented in newspapers by blank spaces. This is a 6econd degree of progress (downwards.) Then good counsellors go into action. "Come on;" .' Oh you come on." "When a man who wants to fight calls upon his antagonist to ii Come onI do not know but that the proper tiling would be te "go for him." There will be an athletic exhibition at Bulimha before long. Pistols for two; coffee'for one. Brigham Tiffing and Pepper's Ghost. THE other day there was a rather thin story told about the resurreotion of Brigham Young. The dear old fellow, the much-married man, died, so it was said, about 10 yeifs ago. It was eomtildhly believed that he was not half 60 comfortable in the other world as he used to be in this, notwithstanding that he had so many wives. His departure made a considerable dif ference in the affairs of the saints-almost more than did that of Joe Smith himself. The holy brotherhood and sisterhood of latter-day saints (by the way, they would gain more credit by calling themselves early-day saints) have suf fered great persecution at the hands of wicked Gentiles. The faith of many has been shaken, and their love has become cold. Something desperate had to be done to stop the threatened falling away, and so apparently it was deter mined to raise Brigham Young from the dead. Ho appeared, so the story runs, to some chosen witnesses, who to aid believers or rather unbelievers, gave a too full accountof how Brigham now looks. Quit© innocently they have described him as a venerable-looking man, exactly like Brigham with 10 years added on. This is the fatal line in the description. To have had a good resurrection, Brigham should have come .back exactly as he wont away. To make him 10 years older in appear ance iB to show that if this venerable man is Brigham, he has been in hiding, and has been leading a perfectly natural life. He should have come back with all due credentials of having led a supernatural life. This little weakness in the arrangement was pro" vided for, if we may believe a writer in an American paper,'who assures his readers that by the aid of the device which produced Pro fessor Pepper's ghost the trick came near to being a great success. He says that it was arranged that Brigham should somewhere appear to a great number of the faithful. The tabernacle would not have been large enough, and so a spot on a hill called Mount Nebo, not far from Salt Lake City, was selected. On a day appointed numbers of the faithful met at this place, and there by the aid of Pepper's ghost machinery the trick was tried. Some of the apostles appeared on a platform curiously formed, announced that Brigham was coming, stepped aside, and lo, in a mysterious and ghostly fashion the figure of Brigham was beforo the vast and astonished assembly. "Brethren and Bisters," said the figure, "it'has pleased the Most High to quicken me and restore me unto you, that he may be glorified in Zion and ye in Him; even as it is written in the doctrine of the covenants and commandments, section seven, paragraph ; four: 'Now, verily I say unto you, that through the redemption that is made for you is brought to pass the resurrection from the dead.'" The fellow who tells this yarn says; " The figure itself, though apparently corporeal j and material, seemed to be diaphanous as well, so that I could fancy I saw the outlines sf the ' pines and cedars at the back of the platform, through its most brightly illuminated portions All the time a conviction was gradually dawn ing upon me, and a design springing from that convictipn taking shape in my brain. The conviction was nothing more nor less than that the figure of Brigham Young before mc was the phantasm or spectrum of a man concealed in a cellar or pit below the platform, in a strong light,, whose imajrc was projected upon the stage above by that ingenious optical contri vance known as Pepper's ghost, a portion of the mechanism of which' consists of a large sheet of ordinary transparent glass set at the back of the stage and supported at a certain angle, so as to cast a reflection of the person beneath, and at the same time not' to be visible to the spectator in front. My design was to expose this fraud and illusion by breaking this sheet of glass." He prepared to do so by firing at it the con | tents of an air pistol. The beauty of it was to I do this at the right moment. To show that he j had been in good company, Brigham promised ' to introduce Moses and Elias. Why he brought them again is not stated. He disappeared to fetch them. He returned leading two vener able looking figures. A cry went up from the . multitude and Brigham raised his hand as if to ! speak, wh'en suddenly a crash of breaking glass I was heard upon the platform and tho figures I simultaneously disappeared, but the next moment reappeared with frightened looks, and scampered in a decidedly undignified manner toward the trees at the back of the platform. To say that consternation seized upon the assemblage would be a weak way of expressing the true state of affairs. The ciders and apostles, who were watching and superintend ing the business from each side of the plat form, rushed forward, apparently to ascertain what damage was done, and to conceal the stage trap door from tho spectators if any of them, in their excitement, Ehould take it into their heads to rush in. "Women shrieked and fainted; men looked at each other wildly, and put their hands to their weapons; while tho moon, which was by this time pretty near its zenith, added new ghastlinesK to the scene. The faithful are now much distressed, and it is hard to say who is most blamed, Brigham Young or Professor Pepper's ghost. 