The Advertiser SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1887. CONSIDERABLE interest is naturally felt just now in the distribution of honors among our public men. The Queen's Birthday is usually signalised by such, tokens of royal favor, but this year the cirennvtances are exceptional. The Jubilee of Her Majesty offers an occasion the like of which can but rarely occur, and it 1b certain that the demonstrations of loyalty from near and far will be reci procated by this form of Imperial acknow ledgment. Almost every year as the Brittoa-Colonial possessions are seen to be increasing in importance, there is greater attention attracted to them, and the more prominent colonists are singled out as suitable recipients of titles which confer social distinction. The recent Conference in London has brought colonists Into greater notice than ever. Our own colony most of necessity occupy a rather more conspicuous place than its relative im portance would ordinarily entitle it ta hold, as its Jubilee coincides so closely with that of the reign, and is being em phasised by die opening of our Exhibi tion at the very time when the great Imperial celebration will take place. All theae considerations, render it not only highly probable bnt peculiarly appropriate that several of our leading men should be marked for the reception of such rank and title as the Qaeen alone can confer. There are some who regard such dis tinctions as of only trifling Importance, and in a democratic community such as ours It is not uncommon to hear them spoken of slightingly. Though this is perhaps inevitable it does not foUow that the tendency in that direction is praise worthy or that it ought to be encouraged. People are apt to go to extremes, and where there Is a professed dislike to aristocracy it often has most ludicrous results. It is an undeniable fact that hereditary titles count for far more in the United States, though they are so apparently foreign to tne genius of a republic, and are so explicitly discredited by the famous fourth of July declara tion than they do in England or on^the Continent of Europe, Besides this, there is scarcely any part of the world where bogus "professors" of various kinds are so freely manufactured, and where sham "judges," "colonels," and "generals" abound. It would be infinitely better in the general interest for there to be some recognised authority from which all such distinction should be derived, and some principle or principles to direct how they may be won and by whom they may be worn. We have little sympathy with class or caste prejudices, but we have profound contempt for those who, imitat ing the jay In the fable, seek to elevate themselves above their fellows by appro priating plumes they have no right to wear. Accordingly we appreciate, and that very highly, the honors that are bestowed on those of our fellow-colonists whose zealous and laborious services for the public good have received recognition of that kind from the hands of the Sovereign. In order that they may be prized at their full value It is of the utmost Importance for them to be bestowed on some clear and intelligible principle. Neither the accident of birth nor the accident ef wealth forms such a satisfac tory and substantial reason as the character and worth of actual work. It should be estimated more highly even than the claim which comes with official position. There may be something that is for tuitous in the fact of an individual person occupying a given office at a certain juncture, although when his election iB by the popular vote that of itself is a testi mony to his merit, but the record of past years cannot be discounted by any such consideration. Several of our public men have earned, by assiduous and protracted devotion to the welfare of their country, the hearty good-will of the people gene rally. There is no other way in which their deserts can be so fully acknowledged as by the bestowal on them of higher rank and title. In such cases everyone will acknowledge that the Queen's prerogative is wisely exercised In thus HlntJngq^tiing and rewarding them. There will be in citement and stimulus of the right kind to others who are taking np their work, < and while such titular honors have thus all the better eha see of beiogrightly estimated a further salutary effect will be the cementing of attachment to and * con fidence In the fountain of honor Itself. j At the risk of seeming invidious we may indicate without the slightest diffi- { culty three or four of our leading citizens to whom such marks of royal favor should j aMurtdly come were such principles as ' tboce we have referred to allowed to ' guide the selection. Whenever a royal visit is made to one of the great municipalities of England its chief rragiatrate is made the subject of special distinction, his representa tive position rendering such an act natural and proper. Though Ade laide will not be graced by the pre sence of royalty this month the circum stances are somewhat analogous, and no one will be surprised if the Mayorreoeives the honor of knighthood. Mr. Smith's energetic administration of the affairs of our metropolis during his terms of office, and the unwearied vigor with which he has toiled on behalf of the Ex hibition, are so well known that any re cognition he may receive will be univer sally regarded as well deserved. On a ?till widerfield of action, and over a larger succession of years there are other citizens whom all delight to honor. It is well known that the Chief Justice has more than once declined the honor of a knight-bachelorhood, and from his standpoint this Is not remarkable. His position, services, and judicial abilities are generally recognised. There is conclusive evidence of this in the fact that had not Sir F. M. Diriey accepted the office of Chief Justice of New South Wales it would have been offered to him. It is to be hoped that Chief Justice Way will soon be wearing such a distinction as he deserves. Mr. Justice Boncaut, though his junior on the bench, was his senior In the political world be fore he retired from that troubled arena, but the colony has not forgotten and will not forget his ability and enterprise when he was facile prince}>s among the states men of his time. There is no man in South Australia with a greater reputation ! than the second judge of the Supreme Court, and no man better deserves his reputation. Failing health has compelled a veteran politician to retire Into private life. A member of many ministries, one of the ablest administrators the colony has produced, with qualities that even his opponents have been constrained to ad mire, an ex-Mayor of the city, and ex- Premier of the Cabinet, his absence from the present Parliament will be a loss to the community. Need we say that we refer to the Hon. John Colton ? Possibly other names might be mentioned, but these are among the men on whom the colonists look with pride, and whom they trust with confidence. Of course it will be re membered that the Hon. J. O. Bray was offered, and declined a knighthood. If the bestowment of social rank is according to suitability and merit, and not the mere caprice of the Colonial Office, the gentlemen named will not pass un recognised, for we are satisfied that the opinions we have expressed concerning them will be universally endorsed. The determination to establish an Aus tralian National Union springs to a large extent from sentiment. Yet as senti ment is said to rule the world this is by no means a reflection on the scheme. Numbers of nationalities are represented in our midst by associations of a partly patriotic and partly social character, and there Is no reason why Australians should not foregather in the same 'way. Ex perience has not shown that the tendency of such associations Is to develop any narrow or clannish feeling. Oolonlsts of English, Irish, Scotch, or German birth live quite amicably together in spite of racial differences; and a man may be none the less a good Australian citizen because be is an enthusiastic Celt, or Briton, or Teuton. The native-bora Australian la not obliged to forget that he ia a British subject, or lose his pride In the British institutions transplanted to these shores, simply because he re joices In the country of his birth and desires to be a member of a distinctively Australian union. Patriot ism is a hard thing to define, but certainly States could not exUt without it. We are building up a great nation in Australia, and in the execution of this laudable undertaking any movement to encourage and stimulate a patriotic and national feeling will be useful. The Australian National Union, which will be called into being as the result of the meeting held in Garner's Rooms last night, deserves and will probably receive hearty support. It is, we are glad to say, being founded on a broad and liberal basi& Its three objects are de fined to be the encouragement of a national patriotic sentiment amongst Aus tralians of all classes, creeds, and races; the education of young Australians to an appreciation and proper use of their political privileges ; and the promotion of legislation having the federation of the Australian colonies as its object These are great alms, and if their accomplish ment will be helped by the existence of an Australian National Association the desirability of forming snch a union lies beyond dispute. The details of the scheme have yet to be elaborated. Even the tests of membership are apparently not yet settled, but it does not appear to be the intention of the promoters that the association should consist simply of natives of the colonies. A definition of "Aus tralian" will probably be agreed upon, and all who can conform to the required standard will be eligible for elec tion. No hint was given last night as to the methods of working by which it is expected that the association will be able to achieve Its objects. The Australian Natives' Society is said to be a benefit society ; the Aus tralian National Union will depart from this model, and proposes to be something like a mutual improvement association. As it Is committed to steer clear of all politics, the difficulty will be to sustain interest In its work; bat it is to be hoped that this may be overcome. There is a sus picion in some ?wfln as to the actual drift of the movement which ought to be allayed. Mr. Johnson spoke some what vaguely last night about the creation of a young Australian party, and the Hon. Mr. Baker caught at the expression as if it savored of a desire to promote separa tion. Of course nothing of the kind could have been Intended. It is quite impossible to say whether or not hi the dim and distant future the idea of Aus tralian nationality may not so develop as to lead to national independence, but the people of the present neither hope for such a resole nor look forward to it as more than a bare possibility. The Australian National Union may do a good work in giving a stimulus to Australian patriotism without ia any way seeking to weaken the ties that bind these colonies to the mother country, or to deprive them of the place they hold In the proud history of the greatest empire th.o world has ever seen. With reference to the telegram which we published in yesterday's Advertiser. statingthat Six W. C. F. Robinson is expected in London in Aue-nrt, and that it is improbable be will return to Adelaide, we are informed that his Excellency the Governor knows of no foun dation for the report. We understand that his Excellency Lord Carrington, G.C.M.G., will arrive on a visit to his Excellency the Governor on Saturday, July 9. Tbe date when Sir Henry and Lady Loch will arrive has not yet been fixed. His Excellency the Governor will give a ball at Go vernment House on July 12, for which invita tions will shortly be issued. There will also probably be a dance at Government House on Thursday, June 23, while the officers of the Kelson and Opal are here. Lord Brastey's yacht Sunbeam left Port Adelaide on Friday for Melbourne under safl. His lordship was en board, but he will, it is expected, only go as far as MacDonnell Bay in the yacht. He intend* to land there, and in?pi?^ti the Blue Lake and the volcanic dis trict in the south-east. Lady Brassey will return to Government House from SQverton today. Her Ladyship and the Honorable Misses Brassey will accom pany his Excellency the Governor to the opening meet of the Hnnt Club at Loekleys, and after the hunt will be entertained at after- Boon tea by Mn. £. Amand Wright at the Olives, Glenelg, returning to Government House for dinner. On Monday next at 10.45 am. Lady Brassey will visit the Zoological Gardens. She will be received by Sir Tnos. Eider, the president of the Zoological Society, the members of the council, and the acting diieotor. The Picture Gallery, Museum, and other institutions will also be visited, and on Tuesday her ladyship and party will probably leave overland for Melbourne. We believe that a no-confidence motion will be brought forward in the House of Assembly on Tuesday next, and that it will be moved by the Hon. T. Playford. It is stated that an amalgamation of parties has taken place, and that the mover of the motion and his asso ciates are confident of success. Among "the passengers by the S.UB. Kaieer-i-Hind was Mr. Dawes, one of the directors of the Australasian United Steam ship Company. Mr. Dawes, who for some time was a director of the Queensland Shipping Company, has come on a visit to the Australian colonies in the interests of the new company, and he intends to tpend four or five days here, and then go on to Melbourne, where he will remain for a week or so. After that he proceeds to Sydney and will work his way gradually up to the north of Queeneland, and in all probability will return to England by way e£ Java and India. In the coarse of a short conversation an Adyertiter reporter had with Mr, Dawes on Friday evening that gentleman said that the United Australasian Steam Navigation Com pany have 37 steamers engaged in the Austra lian trade, of which 10 were purchased from the Queensland Shipping Company, and 10 from the Australian Steam Navigation Com pany. It has not yet been decided where the headquarters of the company shall be in Annt^y*, but the company have only one desire, and that is to meet the re quirements of the travelling public in every way, and to make the services as efficient as possible. They also intend to preserve the his torical character of the old A.S.N. Company as muchas possible. Touching on thequestion of the employment of Asiatic labor, Mr. Dawes said there was not a ghost of a chance of the com pany pursuing each a policy in regard to the Australian colonies, for, added he, "if we wished to commit commercial suicide we could not effect it in a more expeditious manner than bytheemploymentof blacklabor. We have only used black labor in countries where the labor is black. For instance, in the Indian trade we hare 78 steamers which are manned to a large extent by Lascars, but in the Aus- j tralian colonies we pursue a different policy and only employ European labor." As as instance of this Mr. Dawes said his com pany had retained ail the staff of the A.B.N. steamer*, and should certainly continue to do so. All the effective steamers in the Aus tralian fleetare running from Melbourne to the northern ports of Queensland, and the object of the company is to serve small ports which are not served by the large steamers. The capital of the company is £600.000 at pre sent, and it is intended to place a portion of it in the colonies in order to unite the colonial with the home interests as far as possible. Mr. Dawes said his visits in the past have always j been to foreign places where there were few Europeans, and where there was a feeling an tagonistic to development, but he now finds that aB far as the Australian colonies are con cerned there is only only one desire, and that is that trade should be fostered and the country developed as far as possible. Mr. Dawes scouts the idea of his company having any intention or desire to purchase the Adelaide Steamship Com pany's property, and says they have no wish to enter into any unfair competition with existing interests. They have no present in tention of running special steamers from the other colonies t3 Adelaide during the Exhibition season, bat, of coarse, should the accommodation by the existing lines prove in sufficient they would be prepared to do so. Their policy will be to work in with all the large ocean lines as far as possible. On the question of seamen's onions Mr. Dawes said he was of opinion that if they bad seamen's unions in England as well organised as in Australia, unions that would insist upon the carrying of full and efficient complements in regard to crews, there would be.muob.less occasion for in terference on the part of tike Board of Trade. Ah instancing the benefit to Australian trade likely to accrue from the operations of the company Mr., Dawes remarked that they were using something ifl"? 800,009 tons of Australian coal per annum, and the amount of money this represents in ftMiftni t9 tblkt WtMltf by fee, loading and. unloading of the ships, victualling, ice., might easily be understood. In concluding the interview Mr.. Dawes mentioned that Mr. McKinnon, the chairman of the directors of the United Australasian Steam Navigatioft Company, was the founder of the British India Company, and the vessels which he controlled comprised upwards of 160 steamers, the tonnage of which exceeded a quarter of a million. Mr. Dawes is a courteous and apparently far seeing gentleman, and ths colonies will doubtless benefit by bis visit. On Thursday evening the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) received from the acting-Government Resident of the Nor thern Territory (Mr. Justice Pater) the follow ing telegram:—"Millar Brothers' steamer Active has just arrived. Their yacht Red Gauntlet came in yesterday. Things have gieatiy changed since Millar's arrival for the better. There is now employment for every body, and former discontent has disappeared." The visitors from Adelaide who intend to be present^ at the formal opening of the railway from Karracoorte to Mount Gambier will be conveyed in a special carriage provided by the Commissioner of Public Works, and arrange ments nave been made with the Mount Gam bier committee to send 50 tickets for the luncheon to the Traffic Manager. Gentlemen FOEBeesmg these tickets will be entitled to travel m the epecial carriage. A large nutnbe of members of Parliament are likely to be in the party. By the midday train on Friday a puty of 60 men were dispatched to Eudonda to com mence dam-sinking in that district. The operations will be carried out under the direction of the Conservator of Water, and Mr. Jones dispatched an efficient officer with the men to take charge of the works. To-day a considerable number of applicants for employment presented themselves at the litbsr Bureau, and Mr. Hood engaged 40 of them on behalf of the Water Conservation Department. These hands will be sent to Mount Mary by the midday train on Tusday to sink dams in the hundred of Krichauff and other localities. These parties, it is expected, will absorb the whole of the men who are in need of immediate employment. To-morrow morning the head of the Vermin Destruction Depart ment, Mr. Hiibbe, will leave for the Murray Bridge for the purpose of inspecting the work being done by the 200 men recently sent to the hundreds of xounghusband,Fisher,and Foster, on the Murray, to clear the scrub roads, erect rabbitproof fences, and destroy vermin. We understand on the best authority that it is not Mr. W. Copley's intention to petition against the return of Mr. E. Ward for Fcome. The Acting- Premier has received a telegram from the "Victorian Government stating that it is proposed to fllnminate the offioes vt the various Agents-General in London on June 20 in honor of the Queen's Jubilee. Toe officaa adjoin one another, and the cost to each colony will be only £60. A meeting of the committee of the Catholic Refuge was held on Wednesday afternoon. There were present Dr. O'Conuell fin the chair), Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, the Rev. P. Gorgenson (hon. sec.), and Mrs. Lynch. The report was read and accounts were passed. It was stated that the number of """?ifr?t in the refuge at present was 27. The births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the weekended Saturday, May 28, numbered:—Births, 109 males, 95 females; deaths, 36 males. 21 females; total, 204 births, 60 deaths. Excess of births, 144, The figures for the district of Adelaide were:—Births, 27 males, 16 females; deaths, 12 Bales, 10 females; total, 43 births, 22 deaths. Excess of births, 3L, A meeting of the committee of the Cjrfbolic Orphanage was held on Wednesday evening, there being present the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy (in the chair), the Rev. A. Gandolfi, the Rev. P. Gorgenson (hon. sec.), Masses. Leahy, Liddy, and Elwood, and Mesdames Fox and Dempsey. The report was read, and accounts were passed for payment. Tha secretary was instructed to convey die thanks of the committee to Messrs. Wheton &Lwd; vegt for their very liberal and welcome gift of winter-clothing for the orphans. It was re ported that the number of children in the orphanage at present was 73. We have received from Mr. H. EL Hayter, the Government Statist of Victoria, a retain showing the ftimataft population of that colony on March 8L The total number is set down at 1,012,408, being an in crease of about 9,250 on' the population' on December 31. The number of males is 537,334, and of females 475,054. There is tin following significant note to the return:—During tha first quarter of 1887 the recorded arrival* from New South Wales exceeded the recorded departures therefor by 1,916. This is tha first quarter for many years that the excess has not been in the opposite direction. The inaugural meeting of the proposed Aus tralian Natives' Union was held at Gamer's Rooms on Friday evening, there being about l£o gentlemen punont. The Acting- Premier (Hon. J. C Bray) occupied the chair, tnd expressed his sympathy with tbe move ment. The first motion, which detailed the bjects of the union, provoked some discussion, nd it was eventually resolved to leave theob ect? to be dealt with by a committee, aad the motion was amended so as to merelyadopt the name of the Australian Natives' Union. A Btrcng sub-committee was appointed to arrange various matters' and report to a future meeting. At the dose of the """ting forty-four names were enrolled. A meeting of the Whinham Old Scholars' Association was held on Friday evening at the college, North Arid.^ Me J. RTwigg presiding. The rules were reconsidered, and with eome?ligbt alterations adopted as brought forward by the committee. On tbe propo?iUoa of Mr. Longson, seconded by Me. CoUu, a vote of thanks was accorded to the committee for the trouble they had taken in the drafting of tbe roles. Mr. Barry, on behalf of the com mittee, suitably replied, and hoped that the rules would have the effect of buDding up a powerful association. The hon. secretary (Mr. H. L. Andrews) stated that already over 90 names had been enrolled, and there was every prospect of the association soon being in ?' fiouruhiDg state. Mr. J. R. Wigg was chosen vice-president in the place of Mr. E. M. Ash win, who had resigned. It was decided that a emoke social should be held on July 15. The monthly report of the Savings Bank of South Australia for the month of May states that the number of new depositors at Adelaide during that period was 285, and 15 accounts were reopened=3oo; the number of new de positors at 107 agencies was 264, and 19 accounts were reopened—2B3; total, 683. The number of accounts closed at A<i?iM(| ff m 179, and the number of accounts closed at 107 agencies was 94. The increase of depositors during the month was 310;- tbe presentntunber of depositors is 56,885. The receipts from de positors in Adelaide ?.mnmntwl to £47,317165. Bd., and from the 107 agencies to £20,953 3a. 3d., a total of £68,300 19a. lid. The repay ments to depositors in Adelaide amounted to £50,163 19s. lid., and at the 107 agencies to £14,125 15s. lOd.; or £61,289 16a. 3d. in aIL The increase at agencies was £6.827 7s. 54., and the decrease at Adelaide, £2,816 Ba. Sd.= £4.011 4s. 2d. The increase of deposits amounts to £4,0114 a. 2dL The rate of interest to be paid to depositors for the year ending on June SO has been fixed by the trustees at 5 par cent. Our Moonta correspondent writes on JoneS: —A lad named Stanley Thomas, Yon of John Thomas, near Hamley Mines, was lost on Wednesday at about half-past 5 and could not be found that night, the last tidings being that he was seen about half a mile from borne walk ing towards the mine. There were search par ties out all night looking for the lad, but with out success, whilst the mother, who has just recovered from the birth of another child, was very much affected by the disappearance of the boy. On Thursday morning the search was continued, and at about half past 1 the child was found about eight miles away in the scrub near the Maitland-road by Richard Ellis. When found he was sitting on the ground with a small bunch of flowers in bis hand, and proved none the worse for his night out in the cold and wet. Had it not been for a dog which was with them the little one would not have been found so soon, as tbe dog kept coming to the men and returning to tits child. There were some hundreds of persons engaged in the eearch, who were recalled by a discharge of dynamite as soon as the boy was found. Tbe following particulars of the suicide of Mr. W. H. Madden at Flemington, which was briefly mentioned in our Melbourne telegram* in Thursday'a issue, are taken from tbe Mel bourne Age :—" A shocking case of suicide wai discovered yesterday morning, the victim being Mr. Win. Hy. MmMm, * well-knownsolioitor, son of Mr. John Madden, with whom be was is business partnership, and toother of Or. Madden. Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.&., and Mr. Frank Madden. The occurrence proved a dreadful surprise to all who were acquainted with the unfortunate gentleman, and the deepest sympathy is felt for his family. Mr. Madden was found shortly after 8 o'clock lying at the bottom of the garden attached to his father's hroisft at Flemiifgton, witb h?? head completely shattered, and a double barrelled gun, with which tbe act had been accomplished, tightly clutched in his left hand. The place was scattered round about with blood, and it was only too evident that the weapon was discharged by the deceased after he had placed the ?<??w in his mouth. Dr. Campbell, who arrived at the scene about 9 o'clock, found the body Btiilpowiffiaod of some of its natural warmth, and hi?onmclnrinnis that death had occurred about three hoars pre viously. No one about the house aeems to have heatd the report of tbe gun. A. letter written in lead pencil was afterwards found on the decased's dressing-table. The lines were addressed to his sister, and show that he contemplated suicide, his reasons being that his brain had softened, anl that he was suffering from a distressing disease. ftonwlu&hgcouJU;?eeaotoneQfeuxet Su medical examination of the body, however, dis closed no sign of any physics! wl"^^ what ever, andjthe only explanation of the sad occutenoe is that the notortunate gentleman, who was of an excessively sensitive nature, and annoyed beyond measure at trifles, was im pelled to the act whilst in a state of great mental depression. At the inquest, held in the afternoon, a verdict was retained that the deceased shot himself whilst in a condition of temporary insanity. The most valuable of the recent additions to the colonial library of Messrs. Macmillan and Company is John Morley'e "Critical Miscel lanies," which will be acceptable in its latest form to those for whom hitherto the price has been prohibitive. Readers in the colonies ought to be grateful for the opportunity they exclusively enjoy of acquiring at a specially low price works which occupy a foremost place in modem literature. That the experiment of issuing these volumes has met witb the ex pected success may be inferred from the fact that the number already published v no less than 44, and that others are forthcoming. The paper and type maintain their standard of ex cellence, and no effort is spared to make xhe books as attractive as is consistent ?with their low cost. The firm in their determination to give colonial readers the best of the works they publish have added Bret Harte'e "A Millionaire of Bough and Reedy" to the library. The novel is one which well deserves the success it has achieved in England, for. like aU Bret Harte's writings descriptive of Californian life, it is brimful of jrictureecjue incident and delightful humor. Mrs. Oliphant's "A Beleaguered City " is now also included in this series, and to her numerous admirers it will require no recommendation. Besides this is Miss Veley's "A Garden of Memories," which will certainly add to the reputation of the author of " Mitchelhurst Place." Headers may be reminded that tins library consists not only of the best, but of many of the newest works of fiction and general literature. The four volumes mentioned have been forwarded to us through Mr. W. C. Bigby The following paragraph referring to an m^Ai?M? young woman who appears to have been left in an unfortunate position in 2£el boume, is taken from tile Daily Telegraph of June 2:-If the tears of Elizabeth Gibson, aged 18, late of Adelaide, when* she was rele gated to one of tiie cells in the city station bouse last night, her protestations and direful story, are to be accepted as a true criterion of her condition, she is just as much "alone in Melbourne," and, in some respects, is in a worse plight than the celebrated actress now performing at the Theatre Royal in "Alone in London" nightly appears to the audience to be. The actress emerges triumphantly from her imaginary lamentable position, and so it is to be hoped that Eliza beth Gibson will, if all that she has told Con stable Stokes, of the city plain-clothes natrol, be true, and there seemed no reason to doubt it last night. Above all others, the plain-clothes police of the city of Melbourne are acquainted with the unfortunates who are so numerous hi Melbourne, and are made the recipients of many tales of sorrow, some of them true and some false. They think Elizabeth Gib son's is true, but it will be tested hi the City Court today. She was found wandering about the centre of the city last night, and as Constable Stokes had not seen her before and was struck by her appearance, he interrogated her, and she made the following statement i^ Her parents live at Adelaide, and she was brought over here by a theatrical manager some few weds ago. She was put into lodg ipgs at Fftaroy, sod took tiie part of a chorus singer at tiie theatre, where her manager's troupe were performing. Recently she asserts her manager went away, leaving her in debt, and ahe was last night turned out of her lodgings and her box detained. Without friends and without money, ahe knew not where to go, and admitted that she might have allowed herself to be led astray. A charge of vagrancy was formally piefeiied against her, and the city magistrates will be asked to deal with her this morning. Probably, if her story be substantiated. Major Barker will once more come to ths rescue. On Friday morning a deputation consisting of Messrs. P. Basedow, M.P., J. Warren, and W. Stanley, waited upon tiie Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. L. L. Furner) to aik that work might be supplied for sawyers residing in and about Williamstown. Mr. Basedow stated that he had received a memorial from 38 sawyers and othera living in Williamstown and the neighborhood asking that he would use his infln—mw with the Government to have more timber cot for public purposes in the district. The memorialists pointed out that the men hitherto engaged in cutting sleepers- were now thrown entirely out of employment, after '?^"?p oonsidenble ex pense in the purchase of saws and other xeauiaitesi for iT*iMii>g timber. If sloopcr cuttmg were continued a laige number would be Im—rmstnlj available for any purpose required by Government. It was tfy* stated th*^ this was the worst time of taeyear for sawyers, and there was no prospect of any other work being obtained by them. He explained that the Government acceded to a request made by him about this time last year respecting the cutting of a quantity of sleepsrs in the neighborhood, and tins work bad been con tinned until May 14, when it was stopped altogether. The only work now to be done in the neighborhood was the cutting of some tele graph poles, timber for which, owing to the length required, was ?iiff^rnit to obtain. A good deal of waste pieces was left over after tbis ???*, and the memorialists, tne majority of whom wen experienced sawyers, wanted to know whether this could not be utilised as deepen. The Commissioner, having com municated with the bead of the Labir Bureau, said only 16 men had been ob tained of the 100 required for sawing wood in the WQlowie Forest, aad there was therefore work for 80 men who could be sent up at once. With regard to the timber left over after cutting the telegraph poles, he tract with the Broken HOI Company, who are now using all kinds of timber m their mine, and the Government would do all it could to assist them in the way of carriage. He feared nothing could be done to use the pieces as jnj.'ya fmufrmy*m a and if anything could be done to employ the men on tiie spot be would fay to doit. y^fflff^tig to tiie catering uTmnP? nwnt'i at the Junflee Exhibition tiie Australasian of June 4 says:—The smart tnck which has been played by some of tiie Adelaide winegrowera is vwt ffiiuvo committee of the AXelhoume Inter national "P'TriiitMrirai, At the Twrti^M and Colonial Exhibition in London t**? —Hing of Australian wines to visitors was obstructed through the manager having let the refresh ment contract to Spiers & Pond, who entered into an arrangement with a London firm to keep only such colonial wines as were supplied to them by that firm. Bars were allowed to be opened in the diffe rent court for exhibitors wishing to bring the produce of their vineyards under tiie notice cf the public, but at the ordinary bars and in the dining-rooms the only brands to be obtained were such as one particular agency had an interest in dieposi?got At the Ade laide Jubilee Exhibition liberty h" been re served for file section of bars in the diffe rent courts, but through an oversight the re freshment contractor has been permitted to enter into precisely the same kind of arrangement as Spiers & Pond made with Buzgoyne & Co. Six local winegrowers have purchased from the lessee the right to have their wines, and the wines of no other maker or dealer, sold to the public at tiie various refreshment stalls. The monopoly has been obtained for the paltry sum of .£6O. It is an arrangement which is unjust to the bulk of tiie South Aus tralian vignerons and the exhibitors from Victoria and New South Wales. When the ?visitor asks at the ordinary bars, or when lunching or dining, for the brand he likes, be will be answered that it is not kept, and be must either take the article the six monopolists deal hi or go without. Of course persons anxious to try special wines will have access to the bars erected for the use of exhibitor*, but the public in general ?rill not patronise these special bars—not, at any rate, when lunching or dining, which is the time when many persons alone take wine. No doubt the lessee, even if he had not been bought up by a few winegrowezs, might still have limited himself to a few brands, but if he found his customers enquiring day after day for certain wines, he would lay in a various etcck, and do what he could, in his own in terest, to please as many customers as possible. At the Melbourne Exhibition the most judi cious course will be to let two refreshment con tiacts instead of one, to secure competition, besides prohibiting the lessees from disposing of their rights to individual dealers, to the iojury?of exhibitors in general. On the City Oval to-day the Norwoods will play tiie Hothama, This is the return match between these clubs. Lord Brassey has forwarded to Mr. E. Eouuslow. tiie secretary of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Union, the sum of £3 3b. aa a donation towards the funds of the union. The boy William Henry Wilcox, who had been missed bom his home, East-street, Brompton, since Sunday evening last, was discovered at Exeter on Friday evening. The Adelaide Hunt dub will open their season to-day by a meet at Loctdeys, where the hounds will throw off at half-past 2. Most of the early jumps will be in good view from the road. " Human Nature" was performed at tiie Theatoe Royal on Friday 'night to a good g?^ "fdwerytiiing passed off successfully. To-night the uecewffl berepeated for the last tune, andonMonday "TheMvarKing," one of tiie most powerful dramas of tteSodem stage, wiUlwprodaceil. Ibiplay wiU be placad upon the boards here exactly as it was in Mel bourne, where its success was extraordinary. The following order was issued from the Staff Office on Friday:—Officers for the en suinc week—Field officer. Major Stuart, A.R.; Ist "Battalion A.R., N Company, Captain Wilson; 2nd Battalion, A.R., C Company, Lieutenant Tweedie. We have received the May issue of the Australasian tfaval and Military Gazette, which contains a hit of readable matter per taining to the defences of the colonies, together with information of interest to officers con nected with the forces. Messrs. E. W. Hawker and C. Kimber, the members for Stanley, waited on the Commis sioner of Public Works on Friday to ask him to have a road constructed from the Saltwater Lagoon to Snowtown. They also presented a petition asking for a grant of £500 tor the con struction of the road from Koolunga to Mun doora via Ingram's Gap. In both instances the Commissioner promised to obtain a report. The quarterly social in connection with the Port Adelaide branch of the Caledonian So ciety was held in tiie Oddfellows' HaU, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening. Notwithstand ing the unpropitious state of the weather there was a large attendance of members and friends, who hi ?MM?iiip and listening to vocal and instrumental selections, appeared to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The installation of the worshipful master and the investiture of officers of the Lodge of Unity, Port Adelaide, took place in the local Masonic Hall on Friday evening. There was a very large attendance of members of the craft, and the proceedings passed of with eclat. The new W.M. was Bto. C. Tucker, and the other officers were—S.W., Bro. F. Hingston: J.W., Bro. S. T. Rady: S.D., Bro. P. Dunkanson: J.D., Bro. F. Hearle; secretary, Bro. H. J. Pudney; treasurer. Bro. !W. J. Williams; stewards, Bros. A. Collins and C. Robertson; andtyler, Bro. C. Almond. The proceedings were enlivened by music. A Bpread followed in the banqueting-haU, at which a large number of toasts were honored. The monthly committee meeting of the fonng Women's Christian Association was held on Tuesday. Present—Mesdames Colton, Fisher, Robin, Mayo, - Atkinson, Malvin, Griffiths, Phillips, and Misses Bagshaw, Heb ditch, Goode, Robin, and the secretary. The board of advice was represented by Mes damesGoode,Fisher,Melvm,andChapple. The secretary's and treasurer's reports were read and several subscriptions received. Two members were admitted. A parcel of books was received from Airs. Mellor. On Thursday evening the members were entertained at a coffee supper by the president (Mrs. Cotton). After refreshments had been nsndffl round collecting-cards for a Y.W.C.A. home were distributed, and music, recitations, a reading, and an address given by Mrs. Whiting and Misses Beatrice Fisher, Denness, Graves, and Paqualin. A ?>wfcvg of the district officers of various friendly societies was held in the Rechabite HalL Grote-street, on Thursday evening, at which the following societies were represented: -1.0.. Oddfellows, Mr. T. Scherk, M.P., G.M.; G.U.O. Oddfellows, Mr. A. E. Muller, G.M.; Hibernian, 8.5., Mr. John Young, president; Sons of Temperance, Mr. W. Wat kins, G.W.P.; LO. Rechabites, Albert Dis trict, Mr. H. J. Pudney. D T.,andMr. G. W. Cole, D.S.; LO. Rechabites, B.A. District, Mr. E. Alcock, D.8.; Cosmopolitans, Mr. P.Sherer. An apology was received from Mr. B. Gould, M.P., D.S. of the U.A.O. Druids. Mr. T. Scherk, who was voted to tiie chair, said the object of the meeting was to consider the desirableness of presenting an address to her Majesty the Queen. After some discussion it was nn?irni>moiy resolved "That an address be presented to her Majesty by the Friendly Societies of this colony, and that Messrs. G. W. Cole, T. Scherk, A. E. Muller, and E. Alcock ibe a committee to prepare the same and to report on Monday evening next." It was also decided that Mr. Alcock should wait on those societies that were not represented, and urge them to co-operate hi the matter. On Monday night last a m?? imH Phillip ROey, a railway porter at Sutherland, onthe luawarra railway line, New South Wales, had a most miraculous and providential escape from a violent death, Riley had arrived at Gran ville about a quarter past 7 o'clock, and (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) contrary to us usual custom, in order to avoid the muddy roads, decided to pick his way home near Merrylands along the railway line. On arriving at the crossing on the WoodvQle-road he notiead a man ?*""frig on the line, and, fearing for his safety, walked very slowly along, now and then turning round to see whether the stxanger was dear of the line. He was thus mgagnd when the liirer pool passenger train, which left Granville about zOmmutee past 7 o'clock, suddenly came along, the engine striking F?*n in the ??"*M of the back, and turning him over with a clean somersault, threw him. off the line. Riley became unconscious by the violence of the concussion, and was conveyed home by two neighbors, Dr. Bowman being immediately sent for. Theunfortunatefellowsooaregained consciousness, but sustained serious injuries to the back and kidneys, having only recently re covered bom a severe attack of typhoid. The annual mrsting of tiie Tfindmarsh Choral Society was hell in the institute-hall, Tfyp^p>^wK>i | on Friday evening. Then was a good attendants, and the president (Mr. J. Bastard) occupied the chair. The secretary (Mr. T. J. Moody) read the annual report, which showed-that greater success had attended the efforts of the society than had been antici pated. "H.M.B. Pinafore" had been twice played, *?wl **&£actha" eight tjmnai Xbe society was the first lot of amateurs who had produced in Adelaide the opera "Martha,*' and it bad been given four times in succession. The next opera to be placed before tiie public would be "Les Cloches de Comeville." In consequence of the last fire at the Academy of Music the society had suffered temporarily. They were under a debt of gratitude to Mr. J. D. Stone, the scenic artist, who bad generously a taint nl t*"**" at a time when help was greatly needed, and to Mr. T. J. Bishop, the con ductor, **"* also Mr. J. Birmingham. The balance-sheet showed the receipts to have been £134 lls. 4d.; and the expenditure, £138 16*. The liabilities amounted to 1618s. 2d., which The election of officers resulted as follows:-! President, Mr, J. Bastard; vice-president, Mr. C. D. Southcote ; conductor, Mr. T. J. Bifchop; pianist, Miss Bastard; secretary, Mr. T. J. Moody; aaristant-aaeratarr, Mr. F. Vardon ; treasurer, Mr. J. Bastard; auditors, Mr. .W. W. McGregor and Mr. J. Beetson; committee, Mt**! J. Birmingham, F, Duncan, L. Bripe, J. Martin, andJ. TTCook; property committee, Misses Barton, Knight, Martin, E. Bastard, Reeves, and Bruce. The president notified that "Martha" would be soon repeated, and that efforts were being made to place on the boards at an early date " tee Cloches de Gorneville." A popular concert will tie given in the Norwood Town Ball this evening. A meeting of the Teachers' Association is to be held this morning at the Grote-street school. A benfit social to Mr. T. B. Hunter, the bandmaster, win be given in the Becfaabite Hall, Grote-street, this evening, by toe Advertiser Band andlady and gentle man amateuis. A good programme has been pre pared. 11m Lantern this week contains among other pic tures a well-drawn cartoon relating to the Town and Conntiy Bank, and an excellent portrait of the late 11*. B. F. Downer. 