Ffiyra EDITION. R A O I N G V.R.C. SUiMMKR MEETING. Br Wmk.— From oun Siuxjat. Ri:pgrtku3. RACECOURSE, This Day. J lie summer meeting of the Victoria Racing Cllih is being held to-dny under very favorable auspices, both mi regards tho weather and attendance. Tho course und its en virons nt Flemington look beautiful, uml. f ill. Imnl iu ....r. to .ho mthero, Tho improvements mado before Uio last Spring mooting havo heen com- plfdeil ami perfected, and IVfr Byron Monro's numerous patrons to day nro nil ap parently satisfied with tho accommoda tion provided for thorn. Tho New Year's. Meeting nt Flemington is always a vory popular one, mul tho programme has been made additionally attractive on this occasion. Tho Bagnt Hate, wliich last year was a weight- for-ngo race with L350 added, has this year boon made a handicap witli L1000 added, and it takes tlio placo of the Midsum mer Handicap, which 1ms been eliminated from tlio programme to-day. A feature nbouL this year's meeting is the ontiro alwonco of straight-out betting on any of thu cvoutM except at tho post, but tho monoy thnt went on some of tho caiididalcs to-day nt tho lat moment was something enormous. Tins placing of an importnuteveut liko tho Staiulish Handicap (for which a very largo field started) nt tho com mencement of tho programme was scarcely judicious on thu part of the V.U.C. manage ment, as many people wero unable to bo out in time to see it run off. Tho Nonnanby Plato brought out 'a small but vory select field, but tho wagering on tho event was not sen sational, speculation boing principally confined to tho Bngot Handicap, in wliich sotuo well- known racehorses took part. Tho Australian Military Band were present, nnd rendered selections of popular music during tho day. Tho details of tho racing nro given under:— THE STAN.DISII HANDICAP. ASweeptakos of 5 rovh each, 1 Tt, with 300 nddmf. Bocond herso to receive 300 sovs out of the stakes. For 8 yrs old aud upwards. Winner of any handicap value 75 sovs or upwards after declaration of weights to carry 71b extra. Three-quarters of a mile. William Tkm (Olds) l Hogmanay (Power) 2 Kohai (Trahan) 3 Tho following wero tho runners William Tell (Olds), Sheet Anchor (Fallon), Coronet (Sanders). Pocahontas (Ilutcliins), Hogmanay (Power), Qnintin Mntsop (Ivomy), Tho Ghost ( Williams), Xnntippe(Ra»ingo)lKo,mr(Tnilmn), Don Oiovan (Davis), Straight Shot (William son), Mario Louise (Brown), Sedition (Red- fearn), Louiso Bcrta (Rhodes), Mnronoy (Guy), Lara (Simuionds), Menolli (Bruce), Harvester (Bencc). Mnroomlali (Tomhu), St. Louis (Gorry), and Retort (O'Connor). Betting— G to 1 against William Tell, 7 to 1 against Hogmanay, 8 to I against Straight Snot, Harvester or Kohai, 10 to 1 against St Louis, Sheet Anchor, Pocahontas or Tho Ghost, 1C to 20 to 1 against tho oilioro Mr Watson cot tho 21 runners off to a fairly good start, William Tell. Straight Shot, St. AJI HUM, AUHriU J.UlllHU, XUO UHOST, flllU AJOtl Giovan seeining lo have tlio best of it. As thoy crossed tlio tan William Tell near tho rails, began to show iu advance of tho field, ITogmnnny being close up, and then Louiso Berta, Straight Shot, Menotti, and Sheet Anchor. William Toll and Hog manay drew away from tho others as they camo into the straight, Harvester being nt tho head of the others, and then spread over a long distance, Pocahontas, St. Louis, Men- notti, Kuhni, Straightshot, and- Coronet, Moouomlah, and Mario Louise bring ing up tho rear. At tlio distance William. Toll., was seen to have tho race in hand mid ho won iu tho ciul protty easily from Hogmanay by a length aud a half. ICohai camo with a good rush at tho last, and got third place beating Harvester. Tlion came Coronet, St. Louis, Monotti aud Pocahontas, with Moouotidult last. Time. — lmin lessee. THE NORMANBY STAKES. A Sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 2 ft, with 400 added. For 2 yrs old, Colts, fist 101b; fillies, 8st 71b. Geldings nt time of running allowed 51b. The second horso to receive DO sovs nnd tho third 25 ruvs out of the stake. Tlio winner of any race (not a handicap) value 100 mivh to carry 71b extra ; of any such raco vnluo 200 sovs 101b extra; of any such raco valuo 300 sovs or upwards 141b extra. (80 subs.) Fivo fnrloucs, IIortenhe i Kboutchkon 2 Bedouin '8 Tlio following wero tho starters:— Hortenso (Cninpboll), Perhaps (Quinn), Bedouin (Wood), Lord Allen (O'Brien), Escutcheon (Xvcmy), Loyalist (Gaghnn), Loidertofel (Power). Betting: Even monoy on Hortenso, 3 to 1 ngaiiiHt Escutcheon, 0 to 1 Lord Allen or Bedouin, 10 to 1 Perhaps aud Liedertafcl, 20 to 1 Loyalist. Loyalist was verv fractious nt the post, and dolayedtho start a good deal. Licdertafel- got away best, and took tip the running, . followed by Perhaps aud Hortenso. Before tho tan was reached Ilortciisc had gone to tho front. Perhaps boing close up, then Bedouin, witli Loyalist.aml Escutcheon last. Bedouin had forged to tho froub when tho course proper was reached, Perhaps and Hortenso being together next ; then Leidcrtnfel and Lord Alton. At the distance Hortenso assumed tlio lead, and coming away won a? ulio liked by two lengths without being whipped, Escutcheon boing second. Bedouui just beat Perlmjw for third place, Lord Allon fifth, Liedortafol sixth, Loyalist being outpaced from tlio jump. Tiiiio — lmin. 4£sec. IIURDLE RACE. A Handicap Sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 1 ft, with 200 added. The second horso to rcceivo 50 sovs out of tho stake. Winner rf any handicap hurdlo raco valuo 75 sovs or upwards after declaration of weights to carry 71b extra. About two miles. Blue Mountain ."...(Scobic) 1 Whalebone (Williuuis) 2 Goodwood (Audersou) 3 Tho following woro the starters: — Tho Agont (Corrignn), Blue Mountain (Scobio), Bonnie Lad (Gardmor), Revenge (Batty), Goodwootl (Anderson), Loais (O'Brion), Moolgni (M4Leod), whalobono I Williams). Betting : 0 to 4 Against Blue Mountain ; 5 to 1 against Goodwood ; 0 to 1 against The Agent ; 7 to I against Kovcngo mid Louis ; 10 to 1 against Whalebone. Louiso wont away witli tho lead, followed by Bonnie Lad, Bluo Mountain, and Good- woqd, Moolgai being last away. Rounding tho turn into tho straight, Louis was just in front of Bluo Mountain, tlion coming Goodwood, Bonnio Lad mid Revenge. Passing tho stand Bluo Mountain showed throe lengths iu advnnce of Bonnie Lad, >V lUllUUUUU, j-iuuin, «L llv UUUUWU'JU, Revenge, and Moolgai following in tho order named. .Bonnie Lad and Whalebone took a run to tho front ns thoy rounded tlio turu out of tho straight, Bluo Mountain falling back a bit. Whalobono was m front at tho river side, being attended by The Agent, Goodwood and Bonnio Lad, with Moolgai last. Blub Mountain had gono to tho front again at tho bridgo, tho otners ha nay being Bonnio Lad, Tho Agent, Good wood, and Louis. Tho horses wore all in a cluster pass ing tho 'Ibr.ttoirs, Bonnio Lad just showing iu ndvanco' of Bluo Mountain, tho pair coming awnya from tho others, at whoso head was Louis aud Whalebone, Whalebone hnd got in front rounding the tnm nnd was first into tho straight, but almost immediately gave nlacc to tho favorite, Goodwood, Revungo and Tho Agent boing all clooo up. Blue Mountain was first over tho lost obataclo nnd had no difficulty in getting homo first, notwithstanding n brilliant rush on tho part of Whalobono, who nt tho finish, how- ovor, could got uo nearer than threo lengths. Goodwood just beat Revenge for third place, and then camo Bonnie Lad, Tho Agont and Lotus. Moolgai was hist all tho way. Time — 'lmin 3jficc. THE BAGOT HANDICAP. A Bwenpstakcs of 10 sovs each, 2 ft, witli 1000 added ; second horso to receiv 200 sovs and tho third 100 sovs out of the stake. For 3 yrs old and upwards. Winner of any huiuli- can after declaration of weights, valuo 75 sovs. to carry Dlb extra of 100 snvs, 71b extra ; of 200 sovs, 101b extra ; of COO sovs or upwards, 14 lb extra. Ono mile and a half and a furlong. All Gold (Gorrv.) 1 Recall (Power) 2 Duration (Brown) 3 Tim starters wero. as follows: -Commotion Wood). SardiuH (Williamnon), Grace Darling i J. WilliaiuB), Duration (Brown), Hilvcrimno i Trahan), Britisher . (Fallon), Meteor i O'Brien), Unfits (Moore), Lord Wilton i Sundors), Ringmostor (Olds), Claptrap iRamngo), Oamerino (D. Williams), Tlio Nun i Fiddes), Thn Lovito (O'Connor), Recall l Power), All Uold (Gorry), Metal (Uedfern), Fish o Silver (Toinlln), Harvester (Bunco), Impulso (St. John), and Shark (M4Oaus- land). Bettihg 4 to 1 against Silvcrmine, C to 1 against All'Gold, 7 to 1 against The Nitn, .8 to 1 against Lord Wilton or Duratiou, 10 to X hfrainst Claptrap, Camorlno, Graco Darliiig, Commotion, Britisher, or Harvostor; 12 to i against. Recall, ID toil against Sarduis, 'from lo to 20 to 1 ogainst miy otlior. . Tlio start wns a splendid ono,' and for 'somo ijiho'noQG of thom ahowbd ptominetit. Tho colors of Claptrap nnd lloolka next tho railB wero tho fisrt to attract attontion in tlio van and passing tho Btnnd Camcrtno was hi front licitig closely attended by All Gold, Meteor, Tho Nun and Britisher, witli Commotion mid Graco Darling last Rounding tlio turn Camorinu ami Harvester wero together in front of Ail Gold, with Britisher, Duration, Sardiusand Recall, with Grace DarJiug and Rufus last. At tlio bridge, where the horses could scarcely he seen for a cloud of dust, Harvester was ft, fho head of affairr; Caiuerine, All Gold nnd .Duration being tlio most -conspicuous of tho others, und Graco Darling last. I'ho juvltn took a run to tho front boforo thu nhattoirs was reached. Harvester, AllGold. Brilishur, Tim Nun, and Recall being next in ihcnrdorimiuedi The Levile had a lead of two leugtliH passing tho sheds, Motul having run into u prominent jsisition, with Tim Nun, Britisher, Duratiou, AllGold and .Silvermino next in tho order named. Duration on the insido was first into tlio straight. Meteor, All Gold, Recall, Britisher, Claptrap nnd Silvcimino fol lowing in that order. All Gold assumed tho lead nt tho. distance, and looked liko winning easily, but Recall came with a great rush, nnd was just louden by a neck. Dura tion was a good third, Graco Darling closo up fourth, and then came Camerine, J f jint'ster, Silvermino, Britisher, mid Fish o' Silver. Lord Wilton, with Tho Luvitc, Sardius, and Shark were last. Won by a neck. Graco Darling was fourth. Tune— 2niiu 5,'Usec. Commotion broke down in tho Bngot Handi cap when tho raco was half over. His rider dismounted. STEEPLECHASE. Aa Hnndicap Swcf-pstnkcs'of 5 sovs each, 1 ft, with 300 added. '1 he second horse to receivo 50 hovb nnd the third 25 sovs out of the stake. Winner of any handicap steeplechase value 75 a hovh or upwards, after declaration of weights, to carry 71b extra. Over such couific and jumps as tlie Htowgds shall diriict. Alxmt two miles and a half. Lizettk (Bjitty) 1 Moonlight (Allen 2 Lady Akuton (M'Leod) 3 fuw'nfr. horses ran : Lady Anhton (M'Lood), Lizetto (Batty), Contin- Ko/F (Corrignn), Lalitia (Floyd), Curiosity living), Moonlight (Allon), and Salesman (Cox junr.).a Betting : 5 to 2 ncainst Lady Ashton or Contingent, 4 to 1 against Curiosity, Otol against Lwottu. Lady Aalitou took up tho running, followed l>y Curiosity, Letitia, Contingent, and Lizettc. At the stone wall the ordor was — Lady Ashton, Contingent. Lizettc, and Letitia, with Moonlight lost. Lady Ashton was four lengths in front of Curiosity nt the sheds, a gap of ten lengths separating tlio latter from Contingent, Moonlight and Salesman being last- ihe latter baulking, Letitia fol- lowod suit Lady Ashton led into the straight, followed by Curiosity, Lizette and Contingent, who was jumping badly. Taidy Ashton still led over the first of thn treble in front of the stand, Iwing 20 lengths in front of Lizette, with Contingent 50 lengths away, with Moonlight last, these being the only four left in the race. Lady Ashton fell at tho last of tho treble, nnd Lizctto took up tho running, and at tho river sida assumed a lead of a quarter of a mjlu of Contingent and Moonlight, together. Lady Ashton, being re-inountcfl, followed. Lizotto led all tho way round, oventually winning by a hundred yards from Moonlight, Lady Ashton aud Contingent passing the post together a hundred and fiftv yards away. Time— 5min lfijscc. HIJ5 CRITERION STAKES. A handicap Swcepatakes of 5 novs each, 1 ft, with 150 added. For 2 yrs old. Winner of anv handicap value 75 sovs or upwards, after declaration of weights, to carry 7lb extra. Three-quarters of a mile. Escutcheon (Tvcmy) 1 Pinoaha (Turner) 2 Epicurean (O'Brien) 3 The following horses started Enicurenn (O'Brien), Albert Loddor (Brown), Orinondo (O'Connor), Escutcheon (Ivemy), Pingnra (Turner). St. Michael (Redfvarn), Citadel (llhodcs), m;d Loyalist (M'Cnusland). Betting : fi to 4 on Escutcheon, 5 to 2 ngainst Epicurian, Otol bar two. Escutcheon got away among the first and was at tho head rf affairs cross ing tho tan. a From this out tho New Eealander lind no difiiculty in keeping in front, and won in a canter from Pingnra by threo lengths, Epicurean pulling off third, Albeit Loudon fonrth. ami then Citadel and Orniondo, with Loyalist Last. Tunc— lmin. 2U,sec.- 