A BLACK GHOST. I [By ALEXAKDKB MOEBISON.] Doting a residence of two years in India, I, Fred Martin, made many acquaintances amongst the natives. I had gone to India through sheer curiosity. I had bronght letters of introduction to many Englishmen who held either high Civil appointments or were in the Army. I had been an inmate of the Great Eastern Hotel for a week before I presented a single introduction to any one. The morning on which my tale begins I had chartered a gharry, engaged a babn, whose English was of the many syllable description, and had told him to see me to 26, Park-street. "The sahib is not acquainted with this city," said my dark companion, showing me his dazzling teeth. I confessed I was ignorant, and only in tended to pass throngb India. " The sahib is travelling for pleasure and not for commercial recompense pursuits. The sahib will see much to astonish him in India. If the sabib requires an interpreter and an informanter the sahib has only to engage his devoted servant." We bad arrived at the house and the syce or groom was standing at the door waiting for my card. A minute after he returned and said with a low salam, "Memsahib salam dire." "Ah," said the babu, " the lady will receive you." The lady I had oalled on was one I had known when she and I attended schools in St. John's Wood. I should never h<we re cognised her-she bad more than matured, while I considered myself still far from being a middle-aged man. '. Do you remember when last tto met at the ball given by the Jacksons in the Eyre Arms you were mad after spiritualism, ghosts, dreamers, and fortune- tellers?" " 1 do; that was the last time we met. I went to Australia then, and you got married." " Yet," said she, " that wet Asoot Cup Day was tbe day that changed my life. The ball 1 speak ot took place a week before, sod I was engaged to be married to Captain White. Do you remember " Perfectly," I said. "I believe Captain White in dead!" " Ye*," said she. " Do ion know the whole day I had a strange and unaocountable precentiment that I should never be Mrs. White. I seemed half stupid, and regretted I had ever gone to the races. A gipsy oatne ' to tbe drag aod insisted on telliag our for tunes. .She tnld Captain White that before a month was out be aDd his sweetheart would have parted, never again to meet Captain White said to me with a laugb, "She does not know bow to read between the lines, does sbe V The old woman drank a glass of chnmpaune, and then looked at me. I felt i-uddenly turned to stone, and I heard as I thought a voice saying, " You shall never marrv Captain White. A month and the turf will flourish over him." " 1 remembered nothing else ; they told me 1 had fainted, and that the woman had murmured, * How she loves him,1 and then had gone on her way rejoicing to tell truth or lies to any one who was anxious to hear or willing to listen to her prognostioations. That night I could not sleep; the wretched woman haunted me, and seemed whenever I closed my eyes to point at a tombstone on which his name was clearly painted." " I remember saving *o you at the ball that I believed yon believed in ghosts, and your reply was-'For heaven's sake change the subject.'" " We were to be married in a week, when hiB uncle, Lord , telegraphed from Scotland telling him to pay him a visit before he was a married man. As Captain White waB bis unole's heir he went. He oaught cold, and was dead in two days. His sojourn in India had impaired his health, and it was believed that damp sheets brought on the fever." I listened with attention. She was greatly moved. " .Before I heard of his death that woman presented herself to me, not in person bnt in spirit, and pointed to a tombstone. For months I was ill and saw no one. When on the day after his death I received the tele gram, papa having opened it, I told him the contents without reading it. I knew it only too well. Sinoe then I have been yearning to oome across some one who is interested in ghosts, and who will study with me as to spirits, apparitions, forebodings, and other myBteriouB matters. You know, I suppose, my husband was a fatalist and died, declar ing that he was being transmigrated into a horse." I was not aware of it. I was under the impression that my hostess was the wife of a military man, not bis widow. " My ayah is a medium, and I often get her under control. She told me last night that a gentleman I had not seen for many years would call to-day ^ she actually pointed you out in the album. I said it was impossible, but she held it true, and made me promise her baohsheesh if you came." I looked eagerly at my hostess, and specu lated as to whether she was in her right senseB or not. The ayah was summoned, and entered salaaming, A conversation ensued between them, of which I could not understand a single word. The servant then left, and the lady addressed me. 1 am going to ask you a strange thing. I would ask no one else to do it, for they would think I was mad. Will you oome to ' the haunted tank' with me to- night. I dare not go alone, and can ask no one else to accompany me. You will see real manifesta tions, and she, my ayab, has promised to bring me a message from my husband about some property. I agreed to go, and rising, promised to return at 7 o'clock, dine with my old friend, and then escort her to " the haunted tank, wherever that was. When I got to the gharry I found the driver asleep on his box, the babu asleep in the gharry, and the saces asleep at the back, The durwhan (or doorkeeper) of the house aronsed the sleepers, and I returned to the hotel and found letters from England await ingme. That night at 7 I was back at Park street, and by ten minutes past knew that my friend had a capital cook. How nice Indian snipe are, and how muoh better all drinks taste in India to what they do any where else! It was cool weather, and I regretted I had not put on a thicker dress suit, and also brongbt a wrap with me, especially as we were evidently going out gbost-nunting. When dinner was over the clook . handB pointed to half-past 8. A few minutes after we were in a closed brougham going to " the haunted tank." "What makes this place haunted ?" I en quired. "I'll tell you. My late hnsband bought the property on which the tank is. He thought that it would be healthier for me, and being a little out of Calcutta intended to improve i the place with the money he saved by living there instead of right in town." When I came and saw the place by daylight I was de lighted with it: the flowers, trees, andhonse were like fairyland. We lived very happily here, bnt one day my husband was called away, and I was left alone. I had only been two months in India. I had no English maid, or any white man or woman, friend or foe, in the compound. I felt awfully lonely, and could find nothing to interest me. UuBic, reading, painting, and needlework I tried al), bat the time hang wearily, and by sundown I was thoroughly tired. I had dinner alone, and hardly tasted a thing. After dinner I went and sat in the verandab, and thought of the old days and old familiar faces. I don't know how long I remained thinking, bat suddenly I heard a splash, and felt a chill take posses sion of me. I jumped up and saw a strange figure rising oat of the tank close to where I sat. 1 called for the ayah, but could get no answer. I ran indoors and rang the bell. The little Hindustani I knew left me, and 1 remained speechless ringing the bell. Although we always kept a large number of servants I could find none of them. 1 dreaded either going either to the right or left. My heart was thumping, and my breath was hard to draw. I was a long dutance from any Europeans, and the patn down the compound 1 bad beard had often been crossed by snakes. I resolved to run for it and take my chanoe. I bad to pass the spot where I had been sit ting. I crept to the window, and just as I reached it, and looked oat, the figure I had seen come out of the water turned round and plared at me. Without further thought I flew down the road and was soon in the Btreet. Hundred of natives were there in gangs, some playing on their tom-toms, others bickering over bargains, while others were smoking their hoockchaB. Once in the street I was surrounded by natives. A carriage coming along dispersed the crowd, and seeing it wag not a gaudily painted one 1 thought it mUBtcontain a white man. I ran andlooked in, and the man inside shouted out to MB driver to stop. The nest thing I remember was being at tended to by two English ladies. I had fainted, and Dr. Jattenton had taken me to his borne. " I soon got round and told them of my unpleasant experience. The servants had all left me as soon as dinner was over, I was very frightened all that night. " Next morning early Dr. Jattenton drove me to the place my huBband had bought. All the servants had returned and were doing their work in their naturally sleepy way. My ayah threw up her hands and muttered some words when she saw me which I heard meant something like 'Thank God she is all well' Tbe dootor called all the servants and threatened them all that they would be cut in their wages. " My ayah he then instructed to pack all my olothes and bring them to bis bungalow, He then told the men that they were not to leave the place until their master retnrned. " I spent a few happy days at the doctor's, and when my husband returned he was not a little vexed to find me away from home; but when he heard what had occurred he swore to be revenged on the servants. " Whether it was the fright I got there or not I do not pretend to say, but I became flJL and had to be ordered home for a year. When I returned to Calcutta, as my husband knew he would be often away for a few days at a time, he resolved to take a house in Park street, and live there, and sell the other when opportunity offered.' "The haunted tank property then does belong to you still ?" " Yes, 1 am sorry to say it does, and it is just now that I have an opportunity nf selling it. He paid fifteen thousand rupees for it seven years ago, and all I can get for it now is seven thousand," The carriage stopped at a gate which was opened by a native, who made a very pro found salam. We drove up the road, and stopped in front of a long low bungalow. A few men were sitting haddled together. Tbe lady ordered them about, and one of them lighted the lamps in suoh a slow manner that 1 could scarcely refrain from kioking him. The aj ah whom I had seen in the morning now appeared, her armB covered with bangles, her fingers loaded with silver rings. The room in which we were was a splendidly designed one, stone flooring, pic tures hung on the walls, bronzes and marbles were on the sideboard. There was an air of neRlect about the entire room, and the ser vants all looked disgustingly lazy. After taking a walk through the house we returned to the dining-room. The ayah was buBy asking my friend some question about me in a most earnest manner. I always have been a good judge of cha racter, and after the ayah haa oeased her gesticulations, I said, "That woman is a rogue." My friend was most indignant, and declared she waB no such thing. " Well, where is the ghost?'rI asked. "I'll Bhow yon where it was wnen I saw it rise." We were in the verandah, and I noticed no servants were there. The car riage had gone round to the back, and waB waiting for ns; all of a sudden tbe ayab, who had been gazing about in an owlish manner, raised a cry ana uttered strange words, and ran away. Immediately afterwards a splash was heard, and I saw a head rise out of the water. The lady was holding my arm tightly, and I felt her heart beating hard against it Slowly and slowly the figure rose up, and now 1 could observe a white muslin or capra waB over the figure's shoulders. There were steps up which the figure slowly came. "Let go my arm for a minute," I whis pered. " No, no," Baid she, pressing it all the tighter. The figure had now reached nearly half way up the steps. I heard a noise behind me, and on looking round, to my surprise saw the house in darkness; all the lamps had been pat out, or gone oat, I knew not whioh. The figure was now on the top step, and wonld have either to oome my way or return to the water. There was enough light to Bee the figure, but as to what it was like it was impossible to arrive at any con clusion. I slipped my arm away from hers, rushed at the figure, and, putting ont both hands, came in contact with something more substantial than ordinary ghosts. A hideous yell came from the black ghost, who lay on one of tbe steps. I went down the steps and kicked him to reassure myself onoe again that he was flesh and blood, though blaok, and for every kick I gave he gave a grant. My friend called for a lamp, and one from tbe carriage was brought. She had a good look at tne black ghost, and shortly after wards we returned to Park- street, where we had a nice little supper and a hearty laagh over the black ghost. I called the following day and found my friend's ayah had brought a message from her late huBband. The message was to sell the property on which was the so-called haunted tank. I laughed at this, and onoe again hurt the feelings of my friend. " I have every oonfidenoe in my ayah. Iam sue she is a medium, for however could she know yon would come and call on me the day before yesterday?" This was indeed a dark mystery, and one seemingly that 'would be diffioult to clear up. Bat oleared np it was, and in rather a peculiar manner.' The hotel servant I had as bearer had been in the habit of setting my things to rights, and had come across my book of addresses of friends. He had seen the name of my friend and her address in Park-Btreet, and had taken it for granted that I would be sore to call there some day. He was somehow related to the ayab, or knew her, and knowing her miBtress was possessed of extreme views he told the ayah my name, and described my appearance to her. He bad actually stolen one of mv photographs and shown it to her. She had recognised the face as being like one in her mistress's albnm and had taken a shot at it, and had been successful in making her mis tress believe she was a medium. Some months after I discovered why the tank was hannted. A native owned land on either side of my friend's property, and knowing she had been frightened once by a native who bad been bathing in the tank, conclnded that he would get the property from her at his own price. How many natives were to receive back sheesh from the zumeendar (landowner) should be get the land he coveted for B7.000 I never could find out. The ayah was to be made well off for life. The ghost was to get RIO, and many othera were to be remem bered. The zumeendar did eventually get the laud, but not at his figure. What hod cost R15.000 seven years before changed hands at £40,000. One fine November day at the Calontta Cathedral a widow lady ohanged her name from to Martin. The coloured ghost is often alluded to, and the ayah has Deen left to deal in spirits and mediumship alone. 