Our Prize Story Competition. One correspondent, "Johann B." (Rockdale), has been, we fancy, rather misled with, regard to the prize story competition. There was no ob jection to one author sending in two or even more, stories, if he chose, provided that they .were re ceived within the specified time. . But . that time ' is long since past ; and a previous contributor, could not now send in another story in addition, to the one already * received - any more than he could make,alterations in a story formerly submitted. We hope that this explanation'will clear away our correspondent's difficulty. v' "E. MoD." (Bobimdarrah) : You wilt have a " say " ia the final award if you continué to send in the coupons regularly. We cannot tell you yet how long it will be before all the ac cepted stories are published. Many other readers hope with you that they will last for months yet. "J.S."' (Sodwalls): Please write again. We do not exactly un derstand your last letter. "F.W.D." (Millie) has written thus: "I think the suggestion of sub scribing half-a-crown toward theUnsuccessful writers is very good, and should be followed by all readers of the JOURNAL, and if any more are willing to subscribe, I-will do the same, as it will encourage writers to do their best some other time if they get some little recompense for their trouble." Next week the following stories will be pub lished i-1. " Two Daughters of Our Sunny Land'' (by "Abdiel"): This story differs materially from anything which has hitherto appeared. It is a study of a mind seeking to do good, «nd finding at length that it cannot work successfully alone.- 2. " Nancy" (by " Sydney Wynne") : Is it J true that men whohavo committed crimesundorthe influence of jealousy are haunted ever afterward by the.ghosts of their victims ? Such, at least, seems to be the idea ot this story. 3.' " A Story of. Northern Queensland" (by "Pollie H.") : Tho author says that this story is true, or, at any rate, founded on facts, it is a tale of a short, sharp, and critical encounter with the savages many years ago. THE Government has, wo understand, deter mined now to proceed civilly against all of the de fendants in the alleged wool frauds; and the work has already been initiated. The Govern ment believes that it can. recover from the de fendants the whole of the moneys whiou it is alleged tue State has been deprive! of by those alleged wool-carriage schemes. A MINISTERIAL party vi&ited; Darling Harbor on Tuesday with a view to the seleotion of a site for a farm produce depot in connection with the vote of-£20,000 asked for by Mr. Tonkin. The discussion was that at present the whole sub structure of the meat markets should be utilised, and that as required the Bpace should be extended. Mr. Tonkin agrees to the idea, provided that every facility is made for the reception, storage, and removal of the produce. On Th ur* day, at Government House, a number of gentlemen, including Mr. Francis Abigail and Mr. S. E. Lees, Ms.L.A., presented to lis Excel lency the Governor an address from the Order of Orangemen in New South Wales to her Majesty the Queen. Tie address, whioh was.in the form of a ^beautiful work of art, congratulated hor Majesty on her Jubilee, and gave assurances of sincere,attachment to her throne and person. His Excellenoy: received the address with expressions of pleasure,, anld intimated that-he should forward i the address at tho first opportunity. " 1 