HOBART KEGATTA. ] Com mitt oo : Messrs. J. Haylo (Chairman), ,1, G. TurnorlVico Chairman), J. O'lloylo, J.i Vf. Gill, D. MauMillan, J. E. Hlsliy, W. J. Watchorn; J. 0. Penny, O. B. Featherstone, C. F. Oroswoll, T. Bennison, and Captain! Short!, R.N. Hon. Treasurer : Mr. 1>. Mac Mlllan. lion, »ociotary : Mr. W. J. Watch-, orn. Starter: Mr, .lohn H.-ivIo. .Umpiro : Mr. J. B. Risby. Judges i Mows. .). W. Gill, J. O'lloylo, T. Iluiiiiisou, mid Captain Shortt Haudicappurs: Messrs.'J. Haylo and J. G. Turner. Tasmania, or, aB it «vas formerly cal1ctl,Van > Dlomon's Land «vas discovered on tho 24th, i of November, 1042,, by Abel Jaus Tnstnan, i who «vns commissioned by Anthony, Van Diemen, then Governor-General of., tho Hutch East Indies, to ' explore 'tho Grout South Land. Tasman sailed from Batavia on August Nth, 1042, iii ttvo vessels,1 the I Hcoinskiik, mid her,tender the Zeohau.i Ho nncliorod in Frederick Honriek Bay, which «vus so named after tho, Stadtlioldcr of Holland, on the 1st December,' 1042, and called the now land wliioli ho thought to bo part of the grett maiiiiland Idf Australia, Van Diomon s Land. Aftor staying there five days he left for New Zealand. In tlld'good old duya,i half'a century ago, when the gallant Sir John Franklin was the publio spirited Lieutenant Governor of this ¿jlony; and the colonists emulated his good example, the infant maritime city decided to havo annual aquatic contests on its nobie river, aud ta'ceted thu 1st of December so ns to identify tho holiday with the landing of Tasman on our shores. The early colonists entered into the spirit of commemorating the discoveryof thoislandiu tbisuppropriate man- ner, ami within the first decade the annual holiday of the Hobartoitizens had established itself as the national holiday of Tasmania. The rowers of to-day can hardly realise the steadfast earnestness of their fathers, several of whom yet romain with us halo and hearty, nor ,tho uotivo personal interest taken,in the contests by the whole of tho populace in' the early days when everybody knew everybody. Whaling «as the great industry of the port, and by patriotic choice tho live oared whaleboat race was made tho gi eat event of, the day. It is hardly to hu wondored at that the Hobart Regatta, should bcaomo a national holiday. ' Nature may be said to havo predetermined1 it. No city In tho world is better situated for a great aquatic holiday, for the water is easy of access, and is suit Sable fur both rowing and sailing, while the reservation of the Queen's Park provides til* spectators'with an nmplo holiday ground, commanding a grand view of the river. At one time the regatta «vas held iii Cornelian Bay, but the many advantages of having a locality nearer tim town BOOH induced thu chango to a lowor part of the rivor «vhioli «vas accessible to nil. Each year the general interest taken by tho colony as a, who lu on the holiday «vas inorcased and mora liberal prices havo hoon given for the ' sevqral descriptions of contest Hint have grown' in popular favor. From timo to time tho date has boen altered for several ronrons, the chief of which has been an endeavor to obtaiu u day when the weather could ho 'depended uponj »hd smooth «vater scoured iu the early part of tho day for the rowers, whilo an afternoon breeze might bo obtained for the sailing races. The alterations have not assisted this dosiro as a rule, but tho general opinion now is that the end of January is the beet time. To placo the holiday nnd its arrangements dipon a moro permanent aud a wider basis a Regatta Association was formed a ^ew years ago,,. which has very ' Í successfully carried out tho work of provid- ing a national holiday for all élusses ever since. It might bu suggested that the asso- ciation should bo still further extended, by having delegates from the various rowing and sailing institutions on its executive com mittee, and that a big cllbrt should bo made to celébrate tho jubilee next ycir by ' ha«*iiig t«vo oi three international con- ! testB for liberal prizes inserted i on tim programme. The committee, too, might make one moro effort to rcsuscitato in como form tho pulling race of the class formerly known as tho Nativo Youths' Rino, so as to foster the training of young rowers. Tho colel ration of the forty-ninth annt «crsnry yesterday was in very mnny re spcuts a great »ucees«. Contrasted with former years, thero «vero fewer pcoplo on the ground, and tho rowing races «vero not very interesting, but the sailing races «vero of exciting interest, and tho day was admirably suited for all purposes, though tho galo which blow towards sundown «vus rather unpleasant. A stiungcr going on tho ground ycstciday Mould havo admitted tho truth of the state- ment that a national holiday was being kept by a holiday loving peopla. Different classes of pcoplo will bo found at horso rac- ing, football, cricket, marino excursions, and picnics ; but all classes, all ages, mid both sexes go to tho regatta. There arc some holiday» when the to«vn pcoplo like to go to tho country, but on the regatta dny the country pcoplo como to to«vn from all quarters of tho island. Tho rich, thu poor, the lady the rough, the well-to-do I chant, the city arab, the dudo and thu of toil, mingled together all over the nul. For once in the year tho puritan tho man of rollgious aversion to sports themselves taking a holiday with vain mid dissolute. It is a social day, u day when families uro united heir enjoyment, whilo ono meots friends lie reguttu ground from tho country that 3 not boen met sinco tho preceding ittu. In the ouse of such goncral rojoio ns this, tho «feather prospects aro ;rly scanned by thousands on tho days aiding. Some grave doubt existed in the ds of many on Monday, nnd indications o certainly very iiiifuvouiable at a late r in thu night. The morning, however, to «vith bettor promise "Not irtckoil nnd flouncoil an she was wont, Willi tlio Attic boy to limit, Jtul kunlilei'il with a comoly doini." ivas a grey still day, and rather cool n wann, when at 10 o'clock the early ivals ««oro on tho ground. There «vas the familiar sound of the children blowing penny trumpets newly diawu from the ky bag, mid country youths und maidens, i kittel invariably dressed iii tho now i«*n, «vhich is ono of tho features -of . J day, wore mot in grout numbers', i Tho ot race is soon under «vay, the pooplo ck out in increasing,, numbers. , Threo H traîna ui rived from tho country,! «1 private vohioles from all parts ive been arriving, in the oity from onrly lorn, ¡lia Excellency tho Administrator, ir Ltmbcrt Dobson, «vith eovoral mcmbois Ins family, droi'o up to tho grand stand fore 11 o'clock, but tho stand throughout ¡ o day «vas only half full, and thero wns thing ohsei vable* in the dress of tho ladies: it «ras at all striking as holiday costume. liitcdreBBe8pro«'uiled,brokonhoronnd thero oidiuary summer colours./i'lip crowd «vus IISC'BC at '< o'clock, ««lion thc- itotal nuinbor the ground has been variously estimated at nu 12,000 to 15,000, «vhich is several maand beIo«v tho usual'number. It is, , »ever, extremely difficult for cveu a good Ige to arrive at u definite opinion as to tho mher at a Hobart Regatta, o«ving,to the .¡dod nature of the ground, and ycBterday 2 tendency'to spread rather than con itr.ite was moro than usually apparont. Ill there cannot be any doubt that thero; . is a falling off in the attendanno used chiefly by , thu postponement ¡ thu holiday from unavoidable causes) io bulk of our summer visitors have It early in February and their abaenco is very marked yesterday. Anothor cause a considerable falling on was the hop eking season which not only detained my of the New Norfolk residents, but took larly a thousand pcoplo out of Hobart. lio little family tenta .dotted all over the onud, which forms such a marked feature I our regattas, «vere ns numerous » on any proceeding , year. Over hundred of these little temporary Imiter», where friends gathered together or a rest or for luncheon «vero ' counted estordny. Between the shipyards and ¡ovornment House, which is always a avourite family spot, the prcscnoo of 00 of beso white shelters gave the ground quite lie appearance of a tented field. Some «opie yesterday adopted the racecourse xpedient of making thoir private carriages \- point of vantage and a rallying place for lun -licon, a practico that has many advantages Uierowasthouaualorrungemontof the booths, lions, and stalls, which were as numerous mil as satisfactory in providing all possible rtqiilrcmonts ns ever. At tho side of the lattery fenco and behind the booths rnn a to» of skittle alleys and other games of »«ill, which «vero busy scenes all day. Tho pulilic ins' booths ran in a ro«v in front of II«, and «vore iniuinaed by the follo«u'ng wciiBcd victuallers :-T. Monks, Roso und wwii *. .1. Sparkes, Cormvull ; A. Sanders, wini Packet*, H. Mairiott, Mnypolo . '. McQueen, Golden Cross; und W. Langford, Sir John Fulstufr. At tho right of "«¡.?land stand Mr. D. West had erected ""it is known as tho committee booth ' «pacious marquee without «villis, and «vith »miters running round a centre. It lookod 'Puto an inviting place to enter, and together »jw the other booths, did a good business all iky long, for ¡t «VUB «vhnt is called a "dry "">'?" Still, as is now usual «vith Tasma- nian holiday ciowds, there «as very littlo 1 ruiikonncsB. As a proof of this, because «wot» have been lately entertaluödW-thl» point, ono of our representatives mado a spooini .visit-to-lhu~vtoitiity_of- each-booth when tho racing, wa« ulj covor. With tho. cxcoptloit of" a' fu*-. roughs-and two or/ thrco women,ivho disgraced/ their sex-people who would probably take too much under ordinary i circumstances-there wore no signs of drink among tho puoplo at the conclusion of the day. III front of the pnblioans'i booths ian a- completo row of games of chance, ,¡1) gomo, ciscs- double blinked, the propriotots of w hiah kept up a constant cUttor »II day long touting lor cus- tomers. Fronting on tho road to tho grund | stand there wan a double row 100yds, long of > fi ult, cake, and giugerbcer »Ulla interspoised with lucky bag stalls, exhibiting very tempt- ing shows of toys and ornaments. The chief temporáneo and lefrcshinent booths wore oocu f'icd by Messrs. C. Anning and li. Burrell, mt this year they had a new competitor, for the Salvation Army opened a refreshment booth in tho triangular enclosure at tho corner of the shipyard, whence they issued from timo to time with baud and colours to improve the shilling hour in the neighbour- hood. For tho occasion some of the " lasses" donned blood red garments, and some of the malo soldiers wera attired in red guern- seys and red pints, suggestive of a nautioal Muphtstophclcs, The «ide shows comprised a boxing tent and a camera obsoiira,where a most interacting view of the locality and moving crowds was shown ; throe roundabouts crowde 1 with little ones and a* few big oues all day, and a voluble Cheap Jack in a large tent, who did not appear to do a thriving business. Two or three betting men plied their vocation in a small way throughout tho day, one of them eroding a totalicator hoard, which, however, Was only used to register I ets limited to hilf a-crown. In front of the battery the com- mittee had erected a number of temporary seats, and during tho afternoon this portion of the ground was crowded by people watch- ing the sailing races. Several people this I year erected tents on the hill side, above the I road to Government House, where a good though distant view of tiie river is ob- tained, and in the afternoon when the w^hito sailed eraft bogan to move, this view, from this point, was one of peculiar interest, and would form an ex- cellent subject for a painter. Tho weather grew warmer as tho day advanced, for there WAS not ,a brcuth of air, und pcoplo were asking bow the sailiug was to come oil. No sooner, however, was the gun for the first sailing race discharged, than a light air was felt, and before the burges had turned the top buoy afresh north-weal: wind sprang up, and they went down the river with a spanking breeze. The brcczo increased to a steady galo with showers of dust that wera extremely uncomfortable, hut nearly everybody was intent watching tho llttlo fleets lean over to it. It played havoc among some of the tents that wero Imperfectly secured, and a number of them osmo to the ground. Two or three accidonts happened, tho most serious being the sinking of the yacht Haidee, but fortunately no one was injured in any way, and the fresh cale only gave additional rust to tho racing, while a pleasant tiny had already boon spent, and puoplo were thinking of the return home. The Garrison Band, «udor the eon-, duutorship of Mr. W. T. Bates, provided tho nocossary music, and from their 'station at the rear of tho grand stand wont through their selections in a manner that pleased thoroughly, for they wore frequently sur- rounded by admiring audiences. ON THK RIVKH. I ' . ' Without doubt tho auaoiico-of the flotilla this year deprived tho leg.ittaof much, of its pomp and circumstanco, but the omission was unavoidable owing to the absence of tho customary representatives of tho Australian squadron which usually rendezvous , at IJobait at this Benson of tho year. The admiral's flagship, Nohon, is announce! in shipping circles < as ex 'pootod «lally. It »as hoped that the, flag- ship would arrive in timo for the regatta, anil hor non appearance has been somewhat of a disappointment to those who luce to see tho aquatic carnival obscrvod in all Us pris- tine glory. Tho only Imperial ship in port is 11.M.S. Haven, whoso commandant and crew lent every assistance towards making tho regatta a euccuBS, but ¡t was folt that even with their co-operation tho flotilla this year would scarcely bo worth arranging as a spectacular effect, and tho committee- wisely agreed to dispone with it as a part of the programme. Proceedings at the wharf yesterday wero consequently dull as compared with hist year, when . thu Nelson ami four of her satellites wero anchored in tho bay, and tho officers and men, with the sanction of the admiral, did nil they could to muUo the preliminary pageant a success. On that occasion no fewer than 32 boats formed tho procession, comprising men-of-war boats, rowing boats, yachts, and boats specially reserved for tho members of Cabinet and the Marino Bo.ird. Thu old rulo was not then insisted on that all boats taking part in the contents should put in an appcaranco, and form part of the pro- cession, but, nevertheless, the turnout was highly creditable, and the flotilla as it moved slowly along was muoh admirad. Notwith- standing tho absence of the flotilla and its numerous ciowd of Bight sccrs,it was evident from the display mado on shipboard and ashore that tho annual event hail lost none of itsimportanee. Many of thu ships displayed their flags, tho river steamers, gaily de- corated, sounded their whistles for pas- sengers, and Bovorat of the houses on shore displayed flags. Tho p-ilatial rc Bidonco of the Hon. Alex. McGregor was gally decorated with festoons of flags, and from its prominent position formed a pic turcsqtio figuro in the landscape. The Mag- st n If at Buttery Point also had its customary display of hunting. On the river were numerous yachts and sailing craft under weigh to the regatta ground, and altogether the sccuu wiiB a bright and animated one. The ships in tho bal bom- that showed tho most profuse display of flags wero the Empress of China, the Camilla, and the Acacia, but all skippers soemed moro or less alivo to the occasion, and showed their senso of its importance. Tho river steamorB that plied to the regatta ground wore tho Cygnet, Monarch, Huon, and .Taranna, and as their hour for starting approached groups of puoplo dressed in holi- day attire wero seen _ wending thoir way towards the wharf and taking their scats on board. All tho steamorB wero well patronised, and the Huon added to, the attraction a braes band, the strains of which enlivened tho proceed- ings as they floated mci rily over the water. Tho water passage to the regatta ground is as pleasant a way of getting there as Is to bo found, thu heat ami dust of tho road is avoided, and as tho stoamois Bweep lound Macquarlo Point a splendid viow of tho Do- main is obtained, tho tents, tnarquccs,and tho people na' they ' congregate on tho giound. Tho first impression gatbored as tho' Bceno > was viowed from the staameia' ducks was, that tho regatta of 1887 promised, as far as ; ants, sido shows, aud attendance were con- cerned,' to be'quito OB successful OB those; of previous yeiirs,1 for 'a largo airaybf touts, was visible to the oyo, and (ho pcoplo could bo Been forming a gradually-increasing throng oversproading ovury point of vantage, Subsequently, tho impression prevailed'that rin point of atteodanco there was a large falling i off compared with previous years. ¡On landing, it was observable that the land- ing jetties, the state of which had been the chief cause of the late period at whioh the regatta was held, are still in a bad state) , of repair. The first one espe- cially is rapidly going to pieces, and were it not that at gangway had been pot up connecting the steamboats with the strongest part of the jetty, it would have been impossible to land people at it. It is to be hoped that those whose duty it is to see to the safe condition of these jetties will have them speedily put into good order, The landing arrangements were, on the whole, well managed, and the manner in whioh tho jetties wero kept clear during the day is worthy ol a word of com- mendation. The river stoamers made frequent excursions from these jetties during the day, snd they were all well patronised, Heretofore it was too much the case that tho jetties were thronged by a crowd who neither seemed inclined to go on board the, steamer, or make way for those who desired to do so. Yesterday, however, barriors were erected through which no one waa allowod to pass without a ticket for ouo or other of the steamers, and tho arrangement worked very well, thanks to the assistance of the Tenitorial police present, who, under tho guidance of Superintendent Hedbcrg, rendel ed evory assistance. There is one thing upon which tho Regatta Com initteo can pride themselves, and that is the punctuality with which they started tho events. Tho rowing racoa yesterday wore run well to the hour, and tho sceno ns tho rowcis bent to their oars was very lively. O'M.iy's smart steamer, tho Result, was chartered as the committee boat, and followed tho races closely. Tho rivor steamers with large fi eights of interested Bight- seers, uko left their moorings and followed in tho waka, as also tho Peal I, Piuafpio, and l'hcsiiix which wero under private charter. All on board tho steamers exhibited the utmost ¡ntorcst in the rucos, and passing H.M. t. Haven it was Been that the Jack tara -.board wero» crowded forward, eagerly,' scanning the oontcBts, while from thu shore-they -wcro-wntched with-no- lea interest. The wind in tho early patt of the day was lomarkiibly still, and ttho water waa as smooth as'gloss, Imjecd those acquainted w ith llcgatta weather from boyhood scarcely rememhifr scoing the rowers compo'e on such a pluaid .surface Yachts- men almost began to despair of the day as one on< which they cpiildytry/oonolusions,, and it looked like rathor hard luck whtn i about the hour for starting tho committee bout was seen to tow'several .of the' yachts into mid channel, At 12 30 thcro was a Bigu i of a sea breera, nnd expectation was eager that it would 'last, bnt Jt 11 died i away. There wai,' ' how "evor,) plenty of wind in the'afternoon. 'A brcc/o from the north-west sprang up,' whioh blew in gusts over tho river, i sending the yachts away At a spanking rate, and taxing the managing tactics of the yachtsmen. The Marino Board boat waa placed at the disposal of the energotiu starter, Mr. J. Hoyle, who got all the races away in good time. Commander Wylie of' the Raven, was most obliging in placing a boat and crew at the service oft Captain Shortt, Messrs. Featherstone and Penny who had tho arduous duty to perform of seeing that tho ballast of the yachts was properly sealed. The barque Loongana wa« kindly tent by I the Hon. Alexander McGregor as flagship for the day, and she was anchored out in the stream, gally decorated with flags, and formed a fin« place of vantage from which a complete view could be seen of the regatta ground, the Domain, and ita surroundings. As viewed from the flagship the scene was bright, picturesque, and ever-changing, the river steamers with their crowd» of sightseers, and other boats privately char- tered, enlivened the scene ; to the right, towards the shore, were the yachts lying idly by waiting for the time and a favour- able urètre to start; while away up the Domain was to be seen what almost seemed like a scattered canvas town, tho intervening space being filled up with a huge moving mass of people. Tho crowd as the day wore on seemed to gradually in- I crease, the people covering ci cry available spot down to the water's edge, while above, on the promenade, the scene was cver cbangingand varied. Tho bright dresses;of the ladies, the tenta with their fluttering fl iga, and the gaily decorated grandstand ali combined to make a striking picture. The rowing sheds too were nicely decorated, particularly the Mercantil«, and the varied and picturesque costumes of the pullers and yachtsmen lent variety to the scone. It was noticeable that not a few of the crews who pulled out into the river to fuco the starter were from the country, and it may be mentioned that BO many of them made the Mercantile sheds their head quar- ters that the boats of the club had to bo put outside the «hods in order to accommodate the visitors. Most of tho steamers pur- veyed luncheon. There was no formal com- mittee luncheon this year, but the majority of tho mtmburs had lundi on board the s.s. Cygnet, in 'tho snug saloon of which a/vtry, good repast was enjoyed. At tho OIOBOJ of J the day's proceedings the river «tonnera took largo numbers of people, and landed thom at the wharves without mishap or inconvenience. \- i i r. ROW1NÇ. J '1 During nearly the whole of the time that the rowing races were in 'progress the con- ditions of weather und water were just what' could be desired. " Thcro was hardly a breath of wind stirring and scarcoly a ripple to bo seen over the whole expanse of the harbour. About 2 o'clock, however, the ¡wind sprang up and developed into a stiff ' bree/e, with occasional violent gusts which churned the surface of the water to au ex ¡tent ^hnt mado rowing in Uno bonté absolutely dangerous. With regard to1 tho races as , a whole it ' may bo promised that the entries were hardly up to tho standard of last year in number. It is to bo hoped that this docs not indicate either a diminution of interest on the part of oarsmen and soullurs on the ono hand or of encouragement to this branch ofi sport by tho promotcis of the rogatta on the other. With harbours und i ivers sa admir- ably adapted to aquatics, Tasmania ought to have no rivals in the colonies for oarsmen and scullers, and it ought to be the business of regatta committees to try and bring about that statu of things. A start was made at 10 o'clook with tho Open Scullers' Race, w hlch brought out three competitors. Hoody, according to appear- ances, should have won, especially as he occupied a wager boat, while Ins opponents navigated heavier crafts. ' Ho led by three or four lengths up to the buoys, but hero he seemed to baie lost his reckoning altogo'her, and before ho had found out wheto he was hisjopponcntB had rounded the buoys and were well away on tho homo stretch, It was a question of condition and who could last the longer between Oakford and Pilling, both bung pretty much aliko in their laborious, ungainly Btylo of working. Pilling, however, of tho two gctB batter forward to his work, und puts mora, power into the earlier part of the s'roko than Oakford. The Amateurs' Scullers' Race proved a very easy thing tor Walker, of the Derwent. His method of propelling a racing boat might well bo studied and imitated by the lising generation of local scullers. Whcthor ho has seen Haulan at work wo cannot say, but Ins resemblance in his boat to that celebrity is very marked. Ho comes forwaid the whola length of his slide, and at tho catch his knees aro almost touching his chin. Thero is very little body swing, but simply a straight pull through, with the arms fully extended, and the bulk of the labour thrown on the loins, ile is quick as well as clean nt the recovory, feathers low, and ,takes nt onca a deep strong grip of tho water. His stylo is as near as possible perfect, but whether it would stand tho test of a very fast race has to bo shown. Ycatorday ho was never called upon to exceed 30 strokes a minute, and it is cosy for a man to row gracefully at that bat. We would hal e liked to have seen bim fully oxtended, for ho only requires staying power and what is called " action " to makoa first class sculler, and neither of these qualities was he called upon to exhibit.. It is a pity on this account that the Alexandra Sculling Race fell tin ough, for'Sharland, wo have no doubt, although tho two men are members of tho Derwent Club, would havo put Walker's powers fully« to the test. Sharland, how-¿ ever, withdraw from tho rano, because the valúo of the trophy for first prize was re- duced,: ^ and thou commitine, thcioforo,' scratched the ífixtnra out of the programme The Ladies' Puise produced a very good race for a quarter of ia milo between the Dei went and tho Mercantile fours. So far as style was concerned, however, the verdict waa in favour of Sharland mid his'mon from tho first. They sat up well to1 their work, struck in perfect timo.nnd rowing« long light stroko, ¡mado Irco use ofthoir Bluies.' Their opponents offered a decided contrast, work- ing moie witln their» arma,''' sliding vory little, and feathering a great deal too high. Tho stroko of the Mercaiitile 'bolt rolls about i in a distressing manner, and it ,is leally a matter for wonder that he can stay so well as ho «loos. Wat- son and his comrades certainly' gave the leaders no rest. Thoy hunted them up to the bitter end, j and 'could pluok and staying power have won the race they would have been tho first to catch the judge's eye. The Champion Scullers' :Raco was rather an extraordinary affair. The winner,1 Breen, is one of the most nonchalant scullers we have set eyes upon. Ho Bits in his boat with a back as stiff at * poker, and works entirely, with his legs and arms. He never seems to be di.tressing'himself in the least, but on the other hand ne does not get on anything remarkable in the way of pace. Ho rowed m close company with Long right to the buoys, and then owing to the 'minglo the lastnamed made of matters there, esme .way so far in front, steered such a ' zig-zag course, and seemed altogether to be having such a high old time of it all by him- self, that the people near the starting point 1 thought he had not been bp to the buoys,but had found it expedient to return before reaching that point. The Four-Oared Race for amateurs was thought to be a good thing for 'Roberts' crow, but this impression was speedily dissipated when the competitors got to work., .The favourites being best pro Çarod, caught half a length at the start, bnt abart's lot taokled them immediately, and thors was a lively burst up for KOO yards, which did not end in favour of the Roberts combination. These two having thus settled their differences, the Mercs evidently thought it time to placo thomselvcs cn evidence, and clashing past tho Derwent, " went for " fabart and his companions in determined stylo. They succeeded BO well that they rounded the buoys throe lengths in front, and from this point the race was plainly over liar accident. The loaders woi o novcr'fully oxtended afterwards. None of tho crows showed to gieat advan- tage in tina race, most of the oarsmen getting too light a hold of the wuter, so that for more than half of thu stroke the blade of tho oar waa only partially submerged. A longer stroke, a cleaner feather, and a bettor grip of the water, ara the points the great bulk of tho oarsmen who took part in yesterday'B races need ter ¿ive particular attention to. The Champion Fours certainty produced tlio,best race of the day. Fillings' contingent rowed one. of ¡the igamest stem chase» W., . ic'jf J TT77 TTT77T7ÍT have over seen, but do« n to tho turn for homo" from" the "mlrt-ohannel " bñ»y"~íhoy, seemed to have no prospect of success. But | by a brilliant piece of work in makins the turu they got within n length and a half of the Huon hollo's crew, and obtained a good square look at thom. This settled it, Thor« is nothing so demoralising in a rowing race as not being able to see your advorsnry - vier versa. As soon ns Pilling and his companions saw their antagonists ulong side of thom they seemed inspired «vith new life and spurting gallantly quickly drove their boat to tho front mid secured n commanding lead. Both crews Boomed to bo in splendid condition and kept up a stroke of from 42 to 44 per minute throughout. On the whole the arrangements for the rowing were excellent and well carried out. The races were started us near tho times stated 03 the card as the circumstances would permit. Mr John Hayle per- formed the difficult duties of starter in tho most satisfactory manner. The steamers shooting here and thi-ro with their freights of pleasure seekers inter- fered considerably with the racing, raising a heavy swell, which was very troublesome to both oarsmen and scullers. Later on, tho yachts proved somewhat of an obstacle, aa they crossed and reorossed the course, aud in one instance the whole interest was taken out of a race by one crew sheering off to clear a yacht, and coming into collision with a competing crew. The racing was finished about half-past five. Below are the de- tails : , FIIWT SCBLLKIU*,' RACK-. I Open to, all, except winners of first prizes in Tasmania or elsewhere, rowing single handed. To start from Macquarie Point, round a buoy moored inside Pavilion Point, and bask to the plane of starting. 1 Three to start. First prize, £5 ; second, £3. Kermandie Belle ... (R. Pilling, M.R.C.) 1 Huon Belle . (YV. Oakford) 2 Austrslia. (J. Doody, M.R.C.). 0 i Oakford lifted his boat away ezactlyat the start and secured a short lead, which he held for a couple of hundred yards. Then Doody, who was rowing in a wager boat caine np to him hand 'over haiid/aud not- withstanding all the efforts of Oakford, who was'pulli'ng a determined plucky race, assumed the lead. Pilling was hunting the others up pertinaciously, but so far he did not look dangerous, and tho contest seemed a good thing for Doody, who, rowing with apparently plenty in hand, led by four lengths up to the pavilion buoy. But here he made a fatal mistake and rowed clean away past the turning point. This enabled both Oakford and Pilling to get np and mund well ahead of him, aud seeing that ho had now no chauco ho took no further part in tho race. It was an interesting sot-to between Oakford and Pilling. Too former got round the buoy first, but Pilling stuck to bim. Both were rowing in splendid style, and spurting with as much vigour as 'nt the sturt. Pilling,'howei'er, lasted the longei, and, scouring a'substantialadyuutage lowing to Oakford fouling one of thè'pow'der i hulks, oame away and won by fivo lengths. 1 , I ' SECOND SCULLERS', HACK. ,¡ j For ( Amateurs-winners of first prizes in ; ' Tasmania or olsewhero' excluded-rowing i I'single-handed. Course as in first race, , Thrco to start. First prize, trophy, value I /£ß j second, trophy, value, £2. ' *-'*'! Derwent ... '... (L. Walker, 1).R'.C.) 1 iNita .(O. A. Goddard, M.RC.) 2 'Mercantile- <>{.'. '?.' (J. Gates, M.R.C.) 3 j A very stoady^oven start1 was .effected, ¡und'Walker, rowing'*} (lohg, clean siv'eep.aiul ¡keeping an excellent course, «vas first to take ithojvan. , 'It wasqulokly placed ,, beyond ¡dispute that be was a'class above either of, lins antagonists. Oates, rowed away out to 'the eastward, anil his position in relation toi ¡the'other two could not be gauge1, hut Goddard fell gradually away from Walker,/ The lutter cuino round the buoys about three lengths, in front, but Goddard and Gates made the circuit together, and as soon as, they entered tho home stretch com- menced to mako a ni no of it for second place, .Gates had a clear lead in his fa your,, but Goddard held him, and manjged to get in front at the hulks, after which his position was not in danger. Walker won as he pleased, and Goddard beat Gates for second piuco by half a dozen lengths. ' LADIES' PUKSB. Fornmatours, ro«ving in fouroarcd boats 'of nny length. To start from Macquarie l'oint, round two buoys moored off Pavi- lion Point, thence round a buoy moored in mid-ohnmiel, between Battery and Kangaroo Points, and back to piuco of starting Thrco to start. Prize, trophies, value £25. ' Derwent-J. Todd (boiv), T. Williams (2), T. Robinson (3), A. F. Sharland (Btrokc) . (C. Fox cox., D.RC.) 1 Mercantile -W. Peddor (bow), A. Stuart (2), B. Stuart (3), J. Watson ' (stroke) ' ... (W. Burton, cox., M.R.C.) 2 Bunyip-T. Murdoch (boiv), G. Toan (2),' H. Nicholls (3), E Hughes (stroke) ' (0. Fox, cox.) 3 Sharland's cro«v, catching . the ' «vater smartly, jumped away «v.th a slight lead, and dropping quickly into a long, clean, well-pulled stroke began to draw further to tho front. Tho Mercantiles spurted, and succeeded in not only holding, but iu gain- ing on the Dérivent quartette, but as soon as they eased Sharland'» lot again showed their superiority in pace. Beforo 300yds. of the course had been covered it was plain that Hughes' crew were olean out of the running. At the upper poivder hulk the Derwent men ««ero a good half-length ahead of tho Mercantiles, who were hunting them I up in the gamcBt possible style, but were clearly outpaced. A little beyond this point Hughes retired. Meantime Sbarluud's boat; which «vas keeping a mu oh batter course than the opposing craft, got round the first' buoy three lengths nhead. Fruin tho Pavilion Point right down to the mid-channel buoy it «vas a mero procession. Tho MeranntilcB stuck to their work like, heroes, but the I loaders had their full measure, and pulling a light, casys'roko maintained a load of four I lengths without punishing themselves.' On 'tho home stretch, after turning the last' buoy, tho Dérivent mon allowed their .oppo- nents to get up within a coupla of lengths of them, but Shailand put on, a spurt a hun- dred yards horn homo which brought lier across tho line threo lengths ahead. ,; ,n I | ' CllAMMOX SotJLLBliS RACE. ! '. Open to all. Courso samo as > in first race. \- ¡Entranco. 10s. Three to start. Fiist prize, £6 ; second, £3 ,* both presented by1 .' His Woiship the Mayor. ' '1 . ,! Wellington. .., , (W.< Breon, M.RC.)* 1' Mercautilu.(C. Long,'M.R.C.) 2 Nita. ... - ... (W. Caiter, M.RC.)' 3 Vixen. _ .... ' ... ? ... (H.'Caiter- 0 Thu lot got ¡uvny «voll together, J but Long in¡liis light «vnger boat soon .forged'ahead, holding a slight load of Breen, «vith , W. Carter nnd 11. Carter following in tho order named. Tho paco «vus exceedingly slow, none of. tho competitors showing to much ¡advantage. Tho Carters' «vho posted along ¡lillie good old-fashioned stylo' its'if they «vore in fixed scats, fell'quickly and far astern. At the poivder hulks -Long' «vas about n length in front of'Breen, «vho seemed to | bo having a picnic. ' Apparently it required all his exertions to keep, behind. Long. ' H.1 Carter hero «vas HO far in the | rear that'he thought.it prudent to io tiro. Long led by moro than a length up to the buoy,' but hero made a frightful bungle of it. Ho got his left hand scull entangled, and was unable to get away on the return ¡ jcurnoy beforo Breen hud scoured m lead of fully ten lengths. W.' Carter also succeeded in getting round before Long, and led a couple of lengths from the buoy.'r Long, however, overhauled him before reaching the powder hulks. Breen in the end won with ridioulous ease, and Long got, horne' \- three lengths ia front of W. Carter. - , i Form-OARgD RACE. ,. i For Amateurs rowing in boats not exceeding 20ft Oin. in length. ¡ All winners of, first prizes in four oared races in Tasmania or, elsewhere to bo excluded. Course as for 1 ' 'Ladies' Purse. Three to start. ' tFirsi prize, trophies, value £15 ; ' second, trophies, value £8. Mercautile - C. Johnston (bow), 0, ' Goddard (2), it. Miller (3), C. Willing ' (stroke) .. (IVAboloox., M.R.C.)1 1 Fireflash-P. Sorell (bow), G. P. Adams (2), C. V. Westbrook (3), V. Tabart (stroko), ... (G. Barrott^cox., D.RO.) ,2 Derwent - Gus. Hudson (bow), E. J. Smith (2), L. A. Roberts (3), C. V. Roberts (stroke) (F. Abel cox., D.R.C.) 3, Roberts' men weie best prepared when the signal w as given, and managed to secure a lead of «half a length at the start. This they held for a hundred yards or so, by which time Tabart bad got his mou into a clean lively swing, and bogan to oveihnul the loadeis. The Meres, were moro tardy in getting to «vork, and at tho outset tho stiugglo lay entiioly beti«ecu the two Dér- ivent Club boats. Tabart's crew led past tho Raven, but thuir club mates «vero kcop iug thom in active employment. So far, tho Mercantile four had taken little part in the race, although keeping close up ; but between tho first aiulsccond poivder hulks they mudo a rush, and shooting puBt Roberts' crew, challenged the leading lot. Keeping up their spin ty they Bccurcd tha lead, and rounded the pavilion buoys «vith an ad- vantage of . three lengths, Tabart's boat I made a very clumsy turn, fouling both the first and second buoys; and by this piece of "mismanagement lost at ' least a couple ,of fj , UdUSrJ i I ( ./i< JlaiJ- .i.Vl 1 ~. ) ' i ' .1 lengths. The Moras, made their lçnd_int<>_ four lengtKsT while RöbcrVcrcw made the tura about three lengths-behind their club mates. The boats kept the same order back to tho mid channel buoy, tho Mercs, always having the race well in hand. The leading crow made the last turn smartly, and, row- ing well within themselves all the ,way, scoured tho verdict by half a dozen lengths, rather more than that dlstanoo separating tho second and third boats. CHAMPION Form OAHED RACK. For all comers, rowing in boats not exceed- ing 20ft. Oin. in length, Course as in Ladies' Purse. Four to start, First prize, £25 ; second, £10. " Kermandie Belle-C. Pilling (bow), J! ; Doodie (2), T. Pilling (il), R. Pilling (stroke) ... (T. Abel, cox., II It C.) 1 Huon Bollo-D. Darcoy (bow), K Garth (2), W. Oakford (3), C. Markham (stroke) .(J. Sykes, cox.) 2 Chance-r-J. Fitrpatriok (bow), J, Thomp- son (2), G. Bennett (3), J. Read (stroke) .(F. Abel, cox., H.R.O.) 3 The crews were despatched well together, and for some distance there was no possible chango in their relative positions. Opposite the Raven, however, M ark hain'a crew were just in front of Filling's four, being olosely pursued at the same moment by the Chance. At the upper powder hulk Pilling had as Burned a decided lead, and ho was enabled to throw on the Huon Belle a staggering back wash, which its opponents felt very sjrely. Still they stuck to their woik resolutely,and came to such close quarters with their leaders that Pilling had to turn sharply off to tile rlcht to avoid a foul. This accident served Markham'« orew admirably, and en- abled them not only to get on terms with their opponents, but to take a useful lead, whioh they energetically laid themselves down to increase. It was a fine race now between them, but a northerly breeze having now sprung up they had to contend against a heavy upper and head wind which caused a good deal of splashing. The Hoon Belle drew out in the lace up to the buoys and carno round beautifully with a lead of five lengths from Kermandie Belle the Chance being eight lengths further away and without a ghost of a chance. Filling's crew wore still full of rowing and they kept the leaders hard at work to maintain their position. Both orews were striking 44 per minute and going their hardest. At the mid« channel buoy about four lengths separated thom and hero by a piece of almirablo stoering Pilling manage«! to reduce the lead to a, length and a half. This seemed to give his men renewed life, and, spurting in fine style they caine up ou thoir opponents hand over hand and for n furlong or so the struggle was on« of tho most. exciting imaginable. Markhsm'a men stuck reso- lutely to their work biit thny could,not raise ! a spurt and Pilling drawing gradually ( further ahoad ultimately won by two and a half lengths. FOUR-OARED RACK. For All-Comers, who have not won first 1 prizes in four-oared boats in Tasmania or 1 olsowhoro, rowing in boats not exceeding j 20ft.,in length. Colimo as in Ladies Purse. 1 Four to start. First prize, £lf>; second, £8. iKormaiidie Bellu-J, Fitzpatrick (bow); J. Thompson (2), G. Bennett (.1), I .1. Reid (stroko). I.(T. Abel, cox.), H.R.C. 1, ¡Franklin1 Belle. '- W. Johnson (bow), I L. Flynn (2), C. Thorpe, (3), T. I Hoar« (stroke) ... (F. Abel, cox.) 2 .North Hobait.- A. Watkins (bow), W. ! Watkins'(2), W. Watkuia (3), D. J Watkins (stroke) ... (A. Holding, cox.) 3 Vixen. - C Plaine (bow), W. Akock (2), K. Fox (3), J. Fox (stroke) . i. (A. Fox, cox.) ' 4 Fox heat his men most smartly away, and seemed likely to take tho command, but the Franklin Belle in order to clear a yacht had to sheer off to the left, and u very nasty foul ensued, willah proved fatal to whatevui chanco either of thesi crews had in the race. Both, however, recovered themselves as speedily as posaiblo, and joined again in the contest Owing to the committee boat being detained at the wharf n clono view of the hontest could not he obtained nfter this, but it appeared that Rent's crew took the lead by the tuno the powder hulks were passed, and turned the buoys three lengths in front of tho Franklin Belle,, which was second, the North Hobart being third, and the Vixen last at long inters ala. After this the contest resolved itself into one of the most dismal processions Imaginable, half a mile at one timo separat- ing the leading and the hindmost boats. Re d's crew won anyhow, Hoaro's being a bad second, and the Watkins' quartette a worse third, while Fox's party brought up the rear. Foun OAKKD RACE. For Artisans and Mechanics, rowing four oared, in bo its not exceeding 2lift. flin, in longth. Course as in Ladies'Put so. Prize, £20, presented by J. W. Symn, Esq. Good Iron.-W. Carter (bow), W. Breon (2), Ü. Miller (3), H. Carter (stroke), .(T. Aboloox, MK,C), 1 Express,-E. Fox (bow), J. Rees (2), H. I Astlcs (3), F. Cox (stroko),... , .. . (A. Fox cox)- 2 Little Duke.-J. Gidley (bow), E. Belbin ' (2), R. Cripps (3), G. Smith (stroko). ' . (F.'Abel cox) 0, There was another delay-the third in succession-in starting the committee steamer, and those whose business it was ito report the races were again doprived'of the opportunity of doing so. As far as could bo seen, Carter's crow had assumed a decided command by tho time thoy h.idl reacheil the Islander. Tho water was now very rough, much too rough for rowing in line boats, large billows rolling down the harbour which , might OBily have swamped one of those deli-; oate craft. * Under the circumstances, it was nattiral that a few crabs should bo caught;. The men kept pegging away, how- ever, np to the buoys, which Carter rounded with a lead of four lengths. Tho other two made a frightful mess of it here. Thoy got ,uitaiiglod,with oiio another, and it was fully five minutes before they succeeded in getting away,,on , the return stretch. Cox al four received a long liad, and tho Little Duke mon seeing their chance hopeless, ceased to' compete. The Mercantiles were I nearly out of, sight, and the raco was decided. - > J ¡ WATERMEN'S RACE. For licensed watermen only, rowing single- s' handed iu licensed boats.'- ¡ Course as in , first race. Throe to start.) Prize, £5 ; [ Becond, £2.-. ._ " " " _ ---. -- Salvation . (T. Smart) 1 Fly . . ...ii i .:.' - \'.\"{a: Smart) 2 Just in Time .. * .(H. Powci) 0 Waterman .(D. Whitehouse) 0 ' This, of com so was, a vory slow race, pai ticularly as the, men had to row,throiigh quite'a sea/ II. Smart, assumed ' the lend ) shortly after the start, but ou tho outwatd joijrnoy ( was passed by T. S^nart^twho, gradually increased his advantage, and was well m front entciing on the homo journey. By, accident, however, he lost ono'oi his sculls, but jiorsrjvoring with fus singlo wj, lowing ivith it first on ono'side and then on the other, nnd{ taking advantage oleverly of the wind and'rolleis, maintained his lead and t won by over GO yards. , ( j i i , SHOVEL RACE. In punts to bo propelled by four hands with |. iron shovels. To start from flagship, round a buoy moored off McGregor's ship-,, yard, and back to place of starting. First ' 'prize, £3 ; second, £2; t!iird,,£l., > Real Jam. ' (W.'Guest) 1 Maori Chief . (W. Harold), 2 Ben Bolt .i. ..." (A. ,Wllson,.li:R.C.f 0 AUJam ..., ... '... (ATGriffith.) t), The competing crews ' had avery 'ticklish task to perform, owing to the' rough' 'water.. Real Jam led almost from the 'start, and 1 ultimately won easily. , f ', ' '( " , jM 1 ' THE SAILING RACES. , , If the morning was calm,, the afteiuoon made tip for it, At " fhe tura of the day," when atmospheric changes very, often take place, there was not 'a hatful of wind, and tho'calm continued until about12, when a fitful, uncertain kind of breeze just rustled the'flags, and then died away. Then it caine on again a trifle heavier! and again lulled, but before 3 p.m. there waa no doubt about it, a breezy afternoon' had' set in, and the probability was that/, instead of too little' wind, ' there would be too much. And so it turned out. The1 fitful ' breezes freshened into squalls, the I dust rose on shore, the waves rising on the river became foam-created, and the different craft a« they tilted over to the breeze seem«fd to an un- accustomed eyo to be in danger of capsizing more than once. In fact, in one cass a cap sizo Was so imminent that the sail swopt the water, aud the wonder was that the boat righted hoi self again. The day was not without casualties, but only one of them v> us serious. This was a collision between the sailing boat Margaret and the yacht Haidee, in which tho lattei was cut in two and sunk. It occurred m mid-river, as both boats were beating up against tho wind, and tho Margaret, willoh waa going on the port tack and should have made way accoiding to the "rule of the road " struck tho Hiidco almost amidships, and caused such injuries that Rho sank in a few minute», The crew got on board the Margaret all safe with the exception of oue man, j who'was knockod overboard, ' but'ho managed to. float till he was)picked Up by a fishing craft. A boat from the flagship, put off to the man's assistance, but the fishing boat was the first to' Mach him and '-,- "iA t. .i.« >^.. haul him j)n boardL_ During_a_ squall.tbo "flagship "draggcd'her anchor, and drifted quite ISO yards; down the river beforc'aho wai stopped by another anchor being let go. After ,that she held all ,right. In the fourteenth race the Fancy, when io mid river, with all sails set, carried away her I mast, andluy disabled., "The skippers of all j the other boats quickly took the hint and ! hauled down their topsails, thus pre- ¡ venting'further accident from that causo. Again, in tho next race-the Second class .Sailing Boat Race-the Frolic carried a«vay some of her gear, but the crew held up tho sails to koop her on bei course. As a reward for this pluck they were enabled to, bring her in second. Then, in the race for fishing boats, tho breeze was exceedingly strong, and it looked dangerous for any boat to attempt carrying sail. At the gun fire all the boats went away with a rush, and almost at once tho " steps " of the Irish Girl's mast gave way, but the orew were ready for the emergency. I. was hard work to right tho mast, but it was done, and the boat sailed over the co JI se. ] Subjoined are particulars of the events :- I HANDICAP SAILING BOAT RACE. Decked and half-decked, not exceeding 28 ft. In length on the waterline, length to be computed according to rule 41 of the Derwent Yacht Club. To start from Macquarie Point, round a buoy off Beauty Bay, ¡¡thence »gah round the buoys off Beauty Bay auu Sandy Bay Point, and back to the place of starting, Five to start. First prize. £30 (inouding £10 presented by T. W. H. Clarke, Esq.); second, £10 ,* third, £5 ; fourth, £4. Austral, 28 ft., 1½ min. ... (F. Yeoland).... 1 Milly, 28 ft., 4 min. ... (F.W. Lewis)........... 2 Myrine, 28 ft., scratch ............................. ..............................(C. Maddock, D.S.C ) 3 Edith, 28 ft.,1½ min. (E. Gregory, D.S.C) 4 Terra Linna, 28 ft. ................................... ............................ (H. W. Knight, D.S.C.) 0 Sunbeam, 28 ft.. (Fred. Turner, D.S.C ) 0 Mabel, 28 ft. . (G. Cheverton, D.S.C ) .... 0 Magic, 28 ft. .(A. W. Williams, D.S.C.) ....0 Claretta, 21 ft. ......................................... ................... (Mitchell and Davey, D.S.C) 0 Daphne, 21 ft. . (A. S. Douglas, D.S.C.)..0 Haidee, 28 ft. (J. Cross) ......................... 0 Aida, 28 ft. . ............... (A. E. Whitbourn) 0 The flag dropped at 1*45 p.m., when there was not sufficient wind to fill the sails, and th« boats drifted rather than sailed down the river. Tho Mabel-was the first to make a decided movement, the Magic, Milly, Haidee, Austral, Edith, Terra Linna,Myrine, Sunbeam, Aida, and Claretta following in the order named, but their progress was so slow that it would have taken all night to i sail over the course; indeed it might almost be said that (to borrow an expression from' Coleridge) they " stuck, nor rest, nor motion," and had not way enough'to enable them to steer. However, «yhat progress was made waa made in the right direction " before the wind," and one boat almost drifted ashore. Off the butts at Macquarie Point a very light breeze sprang up, but not strong enough to raise more than a ripple on the hitherto glassy surface ot the water, but the boats felt it, and stood across towards the Bluff, although the time was very slow. As they nea red mid-stream the wind grew stronger, and they began to sail right gallantly." Then, though there was scarcely a breath stirring at the flag ship, the < boats heeling over showed that fresh air was moving in their locality, and they went on. M So far as could be discuiercd' from the starting point the Austral seemed to bo getting the best of it, and then the boats grew indistinct so that one could not bo distinguished from another.' On the back run the Austral was in the had, the Magio second, the rest apparently everywhere, but as they ran toward the buoy .- in Beauty Bay places «vero changed several times. Coining home tho wind was fair for thom, and the four placed botts caine in in the order given. It «ins in the run from Sandy Biy toward the flagship that the Haidee and the Margaret collided, with tho result ahendy mentioned, the foiiudciiug of the Haidee The time was as follows :-Austral, Ali Minni, lüäec ; Milly, 6h. Omin. 34sce, ; Myrine, Oh. 7min. ."j.-jseo. ; Edith, (Hi. 11 min. 25sea. SAILINU VESSELS (HANDICAP). Exceeding 20 tons, used for the purposes of trade. ' Coarse as in Sailing Boat Race. First prize, £40 ; second, £20 ;' third, £10. Trucanini, 40 tons, 4min. ..(A.Johnston) 1 May Queen, 40 tons, scratch . .(H. Chesterman) 2 Good Intent, 35 tons ... (T. Nicholls) 0 John and Margaret, 30 tons . . . (M. Drisooll) 0 It was originally resolved by th« com- mittee that «ix boats should start, but they decided after the entries were received that the four vessels should run for the prizes. They started up the river, and it «vus rather Eerplexing to follow the various manoeuvres, lowever, tho Jload Intent and May Queen wera tho first to round the buoy. Run- ning down the river the Good Intent and May Queon took the lead, the latter forging ahead on the run, the Good Intent coming next, then the John mid Margaret and Trucanini in the order given. After that, the wind increasing, the John and Margaret found it necessary to lower her topsail, and the Good Intent worked into first place. She held this position until after the flagship was passed, the Queen second, and then the latter lowered her topsail. Going down the second time there 'was notluug of muoh moment to chronicle, but on the way home tho Trucanini forged ahead and . won, the May Qaecn second. Time : Trucanini, 5h. 20min. 3sco. SAILING VESSELS AN» BOATS (HANDICAP). For vessels and boats not exceeding 20 tons, used for the purposes of trade (fishing boats execpted). Course as in Ketch Race. Five to start. First prize, £20, presented by the Cascade Brewery Co. Limited ; second, £8. , ¡ E. U. Purdon, 10 tons.limin. (H. Purdon) 1 Vesta, 8 tons, scratch . , (H, T. Denne) 2 Gift, S tons .. .... .i(D. and A. Denne) 0 Margaret, 10 tons /... (H. Molincaux) <0 .Funcy.'O tons . ,i, . . (W. Gellibrand) 0 Tlio boats started.down ¡the river in the following order;-Fancy, Vesta, Margaret, Gift,'and E., H.j Purdon. -Tho last-named on tlio «vay hoisted hor squarcsaii and began to make way. About two-thirds,of the way, down the 'Fancy became dismasted. The Margaret «vus the first round the buoy, the Vesta second. When they had completed the first roitud tho 15.' H. Purdon «vas lead- ing, the VOBU second. This order was, "maintained, so far as the pluced boats «vere "conoerned, until tho'end. Time :-E." H. Purdon, oh.'i'fiOtnin.' lGscc; Vesta, 5h.L 52imn. 39sec. i l'i f t' ' ' .: jj SAILINU'BOATS (HANDICAP ) For sccond!olns8 boats not exceeding 21ft. on the waterline ; decked or half decked." All | saillalio««ance with'the excoptio'n of top "- Bails i To'start from Mucquaiio Point, rouii(l nubuoy moored''off Beauty Bay, *' thence round a buoy moored in'nlid-ohan ncl between Kangaroo and Battery Point. Tilico rouud.i ¡First prize, £15; -anil tiophy, for helmslnan oh ««inning boat, presentedi.byiMrn J.) Bidoncope; second, £á ; thud, £5 ; fourth, £3 ; fifth, £3. ." Daphne, ,21ft,, soratch i ii. ' ''...' . ... *> i.(A. S. .Douglas^ D.S.C ) 1 Frolic, 2ifti, 30*00. ,i...(L.illapp,' D.S.C.) 2 Gladys, 21f(;., 30seoii li. >? .:< '..'..'-. ,..f ,",.. ,(0. H. Hodberg,1 D.S.C!)"'3 Cygnet, 20ft., scratch. iJ r» c..M» >.<..» ' [_* ..I { .,. i , (D iDurkhvD.S.C.)' 4 Wcga, 21ft. limin. . ." ". (Weatern Bros., i D.S.C.) 5 Liliputian, 21ft. i,:..-.-- (T. Lowe, jun.) '0 Star of tbo,Soiith"21[t ,..(\V.< Hororoft) 0 Nellie, 19ft. " ....i.m.i.'U'iGrant) 0 Laura, 19ft. ... |( ...' (W.iD. Peacock)' 0 Eureka, 21ft. .,.. " .., i,(A.Sanders)' 0 Dulcie, 19.'t, .,'.: i. I... IJ (J. Burton) ' 0 i Marie, 2l(t ..., (G. Allwright, D.S.C ) 0 Stella, 18ft.(G. Cheverton, D.S.C.) > O' Echo, 21ft. ... (J. Forsyth, D.3.C.) 0 Auriel, 21ft. ,,. (A. Austin, D.S.C.) O' Venus, 21ft. ->..._ (A. Tilley, i D.S.C.) 0 At the «tatt the Laura almost i capsized, and the wonder waa that ahe righted again, but she did so, and tbo boat soon got lost in the crowd. It was impossible to distinguish tlie flags, but comiog baok the Frolic was ahead, the Cygnet a Rood . second, lind the Lilliputian and Gladys third and 1f¿Urth respectively. , The weather was very boisterous at>he time, »nd it ? began to look as if all sail would have to be taken in. lOn the run home the Frolic waa leading, 'fol- low ed at a short interval by the;Daphne, then oame the Cygnet and |the Gladys, «nd the last two some quarter of on hour behind. Leaving the top buoy, the Frolic was struck by a squall, which carried away her mast. The Daphno then took first place, a.id main- tained it until tho end. The Frolic, how en cr, hoisted Bail on tho stump of the mam mast, and came in a good second amid tho loud shouts of the onlookers. The Cygnet was tho third across the line, but lost third prize through the timo allowanco She had theicfore to take fourth place. The Voga came m fifth. Time : Daphne, 4h. 55min. 8seo ; Fiolic, oh. 3min. 35sec; Gladys, oh. (iniiu. lleco.; Cgynet, 5h. 5min 2(>sca. (exolusive of time allow i ance); Vega. 5h. 8mm, 45sco. FISHING BOATS. For first and second class boats, with open «veils, jib and stayBail, mainsail and mizonmast only to be carried. Five to l! start iu each class. Courue same as in fifteenth race. Prizes,* first class-First, ' "£I0, presented by Mr..R.M. Pitt;,»eoond,, i :.£5. , Prize», second iola»»-First, £10,) presented by Mr. J. W. Byrne ;,seoontV£5.. Arago,. arañóla»»;...,yi' ..., tW,,Mvti»>i J: K1 ill -»M winn« ft/lid .ft*-' "'<* 3»d -?»<.? t"3-E Cambria, first-class-... (G.-Backhouie)"2 Alabama, first-class. (T. Dear) Oj Secret, first-dais ... (H. Sylvester) ' O' Come and See, first-olass ... (H. Smith) 0) Georgie, second-class«' '.'.. (T. Somers) It White Eagle, seoond- class. . (T. Hales) , 21 Irish Girl, second-class... (D. Appleton) 0 Sarah Ann, second-class . (Capt. Ford) 0 j John, second-class . .. (E. Adlard) Ol Eliza, second-class ... (0 Thompson) 0 Just after the start the Irish Girl carried away her mast owing to the step giving way, but she kept going. The race was a very hollow one, and the Arago and Georgie in their respective classes came in a long way ahead of their competitors. The race wos an exceedingly long one in point of time, as it did not finish until dusk. The Cambria and White Eagle took socond places in their respective classes Prizes will be presented and protests con- sidered at the Ship Hotel this evening, at 8o'clook. * ,iii' 