THR CdlT(SREQATI03Jili JUBIEEEL FAREWELL TO ENGTJSTT TYKT.TSC ATire xi crowded public meeting was held in the North- Adelaide Congregational Church on Wednesday evening, September 28, to bid farewell to Dr. R_ W n»1»a-d Mn Alhoi* apicer, the delegates from the Congregational Union of England and Wales to the Inter colonial Conference held to celebrate the jubilee of Congregationalism in South Aus tralia. The meeting was preceded by a tea m the lecture hall, which attracted a large gathering. A spacious temporary platfotm had been erected in the Church for the accommodation of speakers and the repren sentativea of various religious bodies. The Bev. P. W. Cox presided. The Chaibmak having spoken, a farewell address, referring to the labours of Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer on behalf of the Congrega tional Jubilee movement, was read. The Chie? Justice said it appeared to him to have been a singularly happy arrangement, having regard to Congregational principles and to the history of Independency in the3e colonies, that one of the representatives of the Congregational Churches in England and Wales to the Churches of South Australia should be a layman ; and he thought; every one mnet agree that the choice was a happy one when it fell on a Nonconformist who was loyal to the Church of hia ^fathers, and one whoEe carriage had not carried him past the Chapel or the meeting-house to a Church with a more aesthetic -worship or with greater social prestige. (Cheers.) Coming to Dr. Dale, he was sure they would all agree with that he was the moat distinguished; minister of religion who had visited South Australia since the visit of the Rav. Thomas Binney. (Hear, hear.) When he said that he did not forget that they had had a visit from the Bishop of Manchester. Dr. Moorhotxse was certainly the most eloquent platform speaker to whom he had listened in Australia or anywhere with the exception of John Bright ; but, after all, his position, as a theologian was not comparable to that of Dr. Dale, and in addition the platform which he had spoken from in Australia was a provincial and colonial one, while Dr. Dale addressed two hemispheres. (Cheera.) Dr. Dale's public utterances in South _ Australia had bees quite worthy of his high reputation, whether they began with that noble dis course in which he justified the ways oE God to man, or to that admirable sketch of Con gregational history which he gave on the previous evening, and which induced them to hope that he would -direct his great powers to the writing of a worthy history of religious thought during the last fifty or 100 years. (Cheers). The Kevs. Dr. Patos, W. R. Fleicheb, and S. Hebditch also spoke. Mr. Sficeb said— I confess that I agree very cordially with the Chairman in the ex pression that it is difficult; to remember that it is now nearly a month ago since you gare us the first welcome at the Adelaide Railway Station, followed by that wonderful welcome in the Town Hall a few days afterwards, and that we have now come to bid farewell to oae another. You, Sir, have referred to the mingled feelings with which you have antici pated these meetings. I can assure you for my part that our feelings were very mingled also. I often wondered while on the voyage out why it was I had accepted the invitation that Mr. Searle had brought to me in your name. But when I accepted it I did bo because I believed it was more than an invitation, that it was a call, and looking at the long connection which I had had through my honoured father with the colonies, looking at the fact that those connected with me in business were willing to do my work daring my absence, it seemed to me that the hand of Providence pointed in the direction of Australia, and to Australia I came, and I certainly speak with very mingled feelings to night. On the one side I will not hesitate to say that 1 am some what glad that my speaking in South Australia is over. I think if you work all your laymen as hard as you worked me during the last week, and give them preaching to do as you have me, they would feel as I do now. (Applause.) Bat there h a sad side to it in the fact that we are now -compelled to look forward to leaving onr many friends. Speaking for ray wif a as well as for myself I am sure we Bhall never forget the kindness we have received from every one while we have been in yoar city. The work, I freely admit, has been hard, not so much on account of the meet ings or even of the preparation, for the meetings, as on account of the kindness shown by everybody making it necessary almost for us to have three or four more hours in a day to enable U3 to get through our engagements, and I am sure you will forgive me if £ say that whilst I cannot mention all the names of those who have treated ub so well I rejoice exceedingly that on this platform is one who has been to U3 the very dearest friend throughout thiB visit. I rtf--r to Hia Honor the Chief Justice. (Cheers.) We came into his hoo.Be by hia invitation as stiangera from the old country, but bo unvarying has been bis kindness from that moment until now that the other day when I sent a message to him that we were coming back from Port Pirie, I felt that the only words I coald Bay were, *' We are coming home.' (Cheers ) We are not accustomed to use such words as these unless our feeling goes with the ?words. (Hear, hear.) 1 thank him very heartily, both on my own behalf and in the name of my wife and those we represent. I fully realized, however, that in receiving the welcome I have received at your hands and in receiving the kindness you have shown to us Icugtit not to accept this as the treatment of an individual. I accept it because I have the honour and the privilege to represent thousands of laymen in England and of being a delegate from the Congregational Union of England and Wales, and beyond that because I have the good fortune to hold a name that has been known now for some generations in connection with I trust all that is best in Congregational Church life. (Cheers.) I do not hesitate to say this visit will tend to draw closer the ties which bind this country with the old mother country. It is perfectly true, not only in Birmingham, but in different parts of England, that many are reading news irom Australia who in the ordinary way tire net accustomed to read euch intelligence. A new interest ia created with members cf families and members of the Churches by means of these visits, and I know, speaking for my own Church, that Australia— although 1 am glad to say it has already many ties which bind our Church to this and the other colonies— will have a new interest in the hearts of those people because of all ore shall be able to tell them of your work and of your Jove. Some one has hinted that at any rate Dr. Dale and I were not jealous of cne another as a -deputation. (Cheers and laughter.) Certainly I know my good friend Dr. Dale has no need to be jealous oi me, for 1 have equally with yourselves ap preciated the privilege of hearing him speak. 1 do not often have that privilege in Eng land, and it has been one of the joysof my voyage out that i have been with him day by day, and have listened, to his words, and I truet that we may all ba batter for what vre have heard from his lips and for the example which he sets us. It has been my misfortune Beveral times owing to hia kindness during thia visit to stand between the meeting and Dr. Dale, and I have tried to use that privilege with discretion, and I intend to do eo again to-night. I thank you again for the kindness you have shown to us, and I pray that all that .has been said may recsive divine blessing. * (Cheers.) I have tried— I can say it before God— to be simply myself, 1 have tried to speak out the ? sperience of my own heart and life, and I can desire nothing greater it grander for those who with me are iirowins: up and will have to tike year by year a greater share of responsibility not only cf home life, not onlv of commercial life and *f the public life of this country, when I say that I trust the result of these meetings will Le that we shall all appreciate that we have a higher calling, that God has called us to a coble position, that He has entrusted each ' ne of us with a service for Him, and that as we exert ourselves in flia name, Ha will .enable us to be blessings to those with 1* hem we come iu contact and blessings to the countiy in which we live. (Cheers.) Dr. Dale, received with cheers, said— I am fcmetimea iu the habit when I am at home cf saying that with manv great and noble qualities we of the English race are con tpicuoua for cne great defect. We are afraid to tell each other now mash affection, and bow much esteem, and how much respect we cheriah for those with whom we are associated. I sometimes quote a phrase which I found somewhere & great many years ago — 'Love me and teii me so,' and I am inclined to think that on the other side of the world JintrHwh people need to be reminded of the cniy of letting those whom they love know of their affection. Whether it is owing to the sunnier skies under which you. are said to live — (laughter)— or to some other cause I am nnable to determine ; but, at any rate, you Eeem in parting from the mother country to have escaped from that hereditary imper fection of our race. {Cheers.) Whilst listening to the very generous words of the address, which I gratefully acknowledge, and to the extremely kind speeches which have been delivered since the address was handed to me, I have been reminded of something -hat happened to me a great many years ago, and which 1 have often recalled since* When 1 was a very young ~n«i — not quite 20 and fitil] a student— I was asked by Mr. J. ^. Janus, whose colleague 1 subsequently became, and^ whose successor I now am, to preach for h?rn on -one Sunday morning. I &m; bound to Bay I think he asked me by mistake. . (Laughter.) I was not then iu the preaching cJaaB,' and as my friends -ra the platform who have been at 'our English Colleges know, the impression in Bogland is that until a student has been in the preaching fTnaq ft cannot be expected that he should be abletopreach. However, I preached. Itwason the first Sunday vt the month, and Mr. James delivered an address at the Lord's Supper afterwards, in which he referred very generously to the sermon he had just listened to. One of the founders of Sprinihill College was an old lady of great sagacity and kind ness, to whom I liked to listen when she told me about the experience of her early life during the latter put cf last century. 1 had _ message from her o& the Monday morning that she wanted to speak to me. I called, and for half an hoar she said nothing of exceptional importance, but as- 1 rose to go she said ' Oh, my dear, I hear that Mr. James said some kindly things about your sermon in his address at - the Lord's Supper. Well, you must not mind ; it is only his way.' (Laughter.) The tone of profound sympathy in which she expressed herself touched my heart, and when I used to liaten to him afterwards Bpeaking of me as he was apt to speak in his generons manner, I often thought of her, and while I have been listening to the words of excessive generosity which have fallen from the lips of my friends to-night I have thought of her again. (Cheers and laughter.) I am very grateful to them for all their kindness, and I should like to take thia opportunity of exprer ing my sense of obligation to many who are not here to-night who have shown to Mrs. Dale and to my daughter and to myself very great courtesy and very great kindnes3 since we came to your beautiful city. It ia rather dangerous, amid Buch a crowd of friends, specially to refer to any, but I should like to acknow ledge the courtesy we have received from His Excellency the Governor — (cheers)— from the Bishop of Adelaide— (cheers)— from the Mayor of Adelaide, and other distinguished citizens ; from Six Samuel Davenport, and from Mr. J. H. Angas, to whom principally we owe % most interesting journey up country, and bom whom I received, whilst sitting at his side on the box of the coach, & most interesting and charming acsount of the jarly days of this colony and the services which his father had rendered hue. [Cheers.) Mr. Alexander Hay and other gentlemen have also shown us great considera tion. But, Sir, I must be allowed, even after what my friend Mr. Spicer has said concern ing His Honor the Chief Justice, specially to refer to the unexampled and unmeasured kindness which he has been showing us since we have been here. He is endowed — Indeed I have discovered that he has many raried accomplishments, but I venture to say that one of his most conspicuous qualities is i positive genius for hospitality. (Cheers.) _.t his table we have been enabled to meet many of the most distinguished men of your public and political life. I must confess that I am a little uncertain about the results }f the extremely pleasing conversations that [ have had with those gentlemen. I knew something about Australia when I landed at hfobart about five weeks ago, but as the result of listening to them — well, to-night [ feel that I have no opinions at all. [Laughter.) I shall have to wait for a iew weeks for all that I have heard k- settle down and take form. At present my thought is in a very chaotic condition ibout many of the most important questions about this colony in which I am interested. Bow long the process of evolution will take before chaos will pass into cosmos X am not prepared to predict. (Cheers.) I should like also to refer to the very great kindness that we have received from Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher. I esteem it to be one of the most felicitous circumstances con nected with my visit here that 1 have come to know Mr. Fletcher, of whom of course I have heard for many years past, but whom I h_ve sot had the pleasure of meeting since that time when I inspired him with bo much awe. (Cheers and laughter.) And I see one gentleman in this audience to-night to whom 1 most be allowed to refer, who is mainly responsible for my being here at all. I cannot express my sense of obligation to Mr. Searle for the unwearied— I will Bay for the affectionate — kinkneas that he has been showing to us ever since we came to Ade laide, and for the incessant anxiety he has ehown to make our visit to this colony agreeable to us. (Cheers.) Well, you have been eood enoagh to Bay in the address that has been submitted to us that you are grateful for our visit. Let me speak frankly and aay chat I think here and there I have discovered some indication of disappointment. There has been on the part of many— not a few at least of those with whom I have spoken— an extreme anxiety that I Bhould express some opinion in public concerning questions on which the public life of this colony is agitated. It seems to be the impression here that I spend most of my time in England in conducting an assault on one of the most venerable institutions of the country. It is true that I feel it my duty to take part in the great agitation for the disestablishment and disendowment of the Anglican Church. (Cheers.) I have joined in that sgitation under a grave Bense of religious duty, but, as 1 have ventured to say before, it is altogether a misapprehension to suppose that my chief strength and my chief time are devoted to that agitation. I also engage in many educational controversies, and, what affords me much greater pleasure to look back upon, in the administration of great educational institutions; and perhaps it is not unnatural that some of those who know but little of my public life in England should expect me when I came here to discuss economical and political and educational questions here. Well, I have avoided them all, and I intend to avoid them,' for many reasons. (Hear, hear.) You know a great deal more about England, no doubt, than I knew when I came here about South Aus tralia, hut, with the utmost respect for the men who stand in the very forefronl of the public life of this colony. I venture to say that if they came to discuss with us in England questions oa which the public mind there is divided, we should be certain to find in what they said many indications that they were not familiar with the forms the controversies had assumed at home of late. Not until I had been in South Australia many months should I be in a position to discuss seriously the topics which are dividing the politicians and public men in this colony. I have a great dread of talking about things I know nothing about, and therefore, so far as your public contro versies are concerned, I came to learn what I could rather than to teach, and I may cay further that while to me questions relating to the development of a free and rich and noble municipal life, questions relating to the development ot a great and comprehen sive system of public education, have the very keenest interest at home, there are other questions which there as here transcend them infinitely in interest and im portance for me ; and it Beemed to me there fore that for a iew months I might throw ofl the yoke and choose my own part — that 1 was under no obligation here to touch the exciting and troubled questions that I am under an obligation to touch at home, and that I was free to speaK to you on those matters about which I care moat, and about which I \kas Bure I was able to speak uudei a strange sky most wisely and moat effectu ally. (Cheers.) Differences grave and serious contrast your public life with ouis. The same questions assume different forma at home and here, and although thera are great central truths which I thiDk should determine the solution of these questions everywhere, I am old enough in public life to feel this, that men who discuss great questions in the air with out touching facts are not likely to speak with great advantage to those who listen to them. (Hear, hear.) But so far as those great truths and obligations and hopes are concerned of which I have spoken, those are the same in every clime ; those are the same among people of every race, and 1 was sure that speaking in the name of Christ concerning those things which I trusted Christ had taught ma to those who alaohad eat at His feet, you would recognise for vourselves our common kinship to Him. What I have learned you had been learning, and if I had been taught anything thaty on had only imperfectly discovered, I was sure that under the illumination of the spirit yon would rejoice to listen to me, aa I in my turn would rejoice to learn from you what had before been but imperfectly known to me. (Hear, hear.) Now, at this closing meeting there are a few things which I should like to speak about, bat I limit myself to one or two. I should like to speak to those associated with the Congrega tional Churches in this colony concerning a subject discussed at the recent Conference, but which I was not able to refer to then. I hear a great deal in this colony from Congre gational ministers and others about Congre gational Church life in the absence of ecclesias tical conflict j and- sometimes there has been a faint suggestion, that it ia rather a disadvantage to Congregational Churches to be exempted from ecclesiastical conflict. Let me say just for a moment that you ought to thank God from your very hearts that you have not to carry these con flicts on. (Hear, hear.) You are not fight ing for freedom— freedom is won, and yon have to use it. In the old country our whole ecclesiastical life is influenced more or less injuriously by conflicts forced upon us by cur position. I need only refer to the poli tical aspect of the controversy on the part of the free Churches, which sometimes appears to lead people to forget that we are not struggling for political ends, but are struggling for the assertion of the Congrega tional Churches that tolbe Lord Jesus alone are we responsible, and to Him alone ehould ire look for the development of* ^ Church ' life and for ecclesiastical action. Now, you are in no danger of being absorbed by the political interests of the struggle in which the free Churches of England are engazsd. You are left free to develop in your Churches that reverencs for the supreme authority of Christ which con stitutes the life and strength and glory cf the Churches who heartily recognise i*. We ia England are living under great disadvan tages. We have had to protest, we have been forced to protest, through generation after generation, against what we regard aa certain false conceptions of the power and functions of the Christian sacraments which are found in the offices of thG Anglican Church, which is the established Church at home. The result of that has been, as I think, to drive us into a position which it is extremely difficult to maintain aud to justify in relation to the sacraments. In our intense anxiety to escape from what we believed to ba a false attribution of power to the sacra ments of the Church, we have been led, as I believe, to empty them largely of their true meaning and force. We have departed very far from the position in relation to the sacra ments that was held by the founders of Independency 300 years ago, by great theo logians who gave glory to the name of In dependency under the Commonwealth, and I am not sure whether many of our Churches will not continue to retain their false posi tion until the controversy with the Anglican Church as an establishment is over. When any Church is driven to oppose a great error in another Church it is only too likely to forget tLe truth that underlies that error and to exaggerate its protest against the eviL (Hear, hear.) One thing I venture to say with profound respect to my Christian brethren ot all Churches who are present in this audience. I suppose you are in danger, all of you, in consequence of the exceptional conditions of yoar Church life, of underestimating the importance of de veloping the intellectual and theological life of your Church. There ia a tendency at home to depreciate the importance of theology. I don't identify theology with religion. All human creeds are but faint and imperfect attempts to express divine mysteries, but the intellect has its rights in religion as well as in every other province of man's activity, and it is an insult to the human intellect to throw scorn on theology and to imply that the intellect cannot express in definite form some of the divine truths which have been revealed. (Hear, hear.) I don't balieve that any Christian Church will ever exert its true authority over the thought of its time unless its intellectual life is active as well as its ethical and spiritual life. There has been a strange disposition to depreciate the functions of the intellect in relation to religious truth. But look back to the best times of our own Churches— look back to the best times of the Presbyterian Churches, and you will discover in those days that men did not merely fight with a great passion for the glory of, God, for the salvation of mankind, but that they felt that the noblest and moat glorious function of the intellect of man was to explore those provinces of divine truth which may be discovered if only we listen to the teaching of the Holy Ghost, and consider the revelation which God has made of Himself in Christ. There is a certain intellectual indolence, I believe, creeping over the Church of our times that makes it indisposed to pursue those great and heroic intellectual functions, and until Christiana discover that great theologians, have their place in the Church as well as great preachers, I believe the best dayB of the Christian Church will never be restored. (Hear, hear.) I ask this o! you - who have influence and authority among the Churches of these colonies to resolve not to be content with merely pofular religious thought. Cultivate to the utmost of your possibilities theological science in the interest of the higher life of the Church. (Cheers.) Well, we are here to Bay farewell. I feel that to as who are heirs of immortality, who abide in Christ, and in whom Christ abides, that there are no real farewells on earth. I can imagine that even in the perfect Ufa above some of us may desire to venture out into regions of God's great universe that others may not care to explore — to do bo with the happy and certain hope of meeting those whom we have left behind, not only in the fulness of the life which they possessed when we parted with them, bat with that life richer and more robust, with new splendour on their brow, and new and richer joy in their hearts, to be sure of finding those from whom for a little time we had parted not only standing fast' in their loyalty to God, living in the light of His presence, but receiving more and more of His infinite and eternal life. And such farewells are those that we Christian people bid each other on earth. We are not to be parted because we shake each other's hands. By and-by those who belong to the old country will have returned ; but the life we receive is a_ common life, which has its roots in one divine person. We are going to meet again, if only we allow the strong and loving hand of Christ to keep us. It lies with each of us to determine whether this shall ba a farewell or not. Through Christ's grace we may rely on being kept bo near to himself that although we may never meet again under these Australian -skies, or on the soil of the old mother land, we msy yet meet in a fairer world than this. We are not going to be divided between now and time. We grasp hands again before the throne of God. Life is blended with life in these meetings and services that we have held together. You have spoken to God and entreated Him to let His Spirit rest upon us, and in answer to your .prayers I believe Hia Spirit has revealed to us together the glories of the same life and the splendours of the same infinite grace. Those whose lives have thus been fused even for a little time under the fire that falls from heaven cannot bs sepa rated. We are one not only in Christ, as all those are one who have been thrown into union with Him by the power of the Holy Ghost, bat one because we hare shared the same experience in His presence, and have received together .gifts from His hands. Do you suppose, however far they may have been separated from each other, that those who met in the upper-room at Jerusalem could ever afterwards live an isolated and indepen dent life? Was not the life of every one of the Apostles blended with the life of every other Apostle, because the force of the divine love had rested upon themtogetber and at the same time. . They were one, no matter though mountains and oceans divided them ; and I shall trust, my dear Christian friends, that even if we are separated by 12,000 miles of ocean you and we who have spoken to you will still be one. (Lend cheers.) 