f w m m m i BATBEE AMBIGUOUS. DB. BAEBY, the Anglican Bishop of Sydney, delivers himself with Delphic ambiguity. His Lordship was in Melbourne in the early part of this week on his way back to England, having been obliged to leave his diocese for some time to look after his wife, whom he is taking home for the benefit of her health. In the course of an interview with a representative of the Tory organ he is reported to have said of the state of education in New South Wales:— Generally it is aatiafaotor?, and gives opportunities enough for oil religious bodies, who are really so disposed, to impart religious instruction. We are doing a good deal of teaohiDg in the State schools now, are paying, indeed, some £1400 a year to teachers specially deputed for that work. We do not, however, experience much rivalry from other bodies. I would still favour a mixed system with payments by results in large towns, as I think it would create a healthy rivalry and remove a reasonable ground of complaint. I think also, though I know it is ohiefly a matter of raoe, the foroed zeal of the Oatholios in eduoation will be seriously felt by the next generation. These observations may be the fruit of large observation and much penetration, but the wisdom embodied in them is somewhat of a hidden character. What Dr. Barry meant by saying that he " would still favour a mixed system " is not very clear. The system in New South Wales is in principle "mixed," at least in so far as that there is no strict separation of the sexes, and the only reason why in the denominational sense it does not altogether realise the principle is because the Catholics give the preference to schools of their own. His views in favour of payment by results are, so far as they go, acceptable to our denomina-- tion. The opinions which, to us, are the most foggy are delivered in the last sentence. It is of no consequence that the Church of England Primate will not give our denomination credit for being actuated by religious motives in shunning secular or Protestant schools; but we really should like to know what meaning he wished to convey in saying that " the forced zeal of the Catholics in education will be seriously felt by the next generation." We can hardly conceive such a thing as forced zeal, and that rather adds to the difficulty we experience in arriving at a conclusion as to the meaning to be attached to the phrase. It might mean that the zeal of the laity is forced . by the clergy, but the sense in which the phrase has been used is, we think, that Parliament by adopting a system obnoxious to Catholics has forced their zeal. But what are the serious consequences to the next generation which are to be apprehended from this zeal P Are the precautions which Sir Henry Parkes would take to preserve Protestant ascendancy to go for nothing P Is there to be a Catholic majority instead of a Catholic minority P We certainly have no fears for the future of Catholicity in these colonies. The right measures are being taken for ensuring its preservation and growth. Under conditions not wholly dissimilar, the Church is expanding almost miraculously in the United States. We leave it to the sects to determine for themselves whether, in suffering their children to be instructed —not educated—in godless schools, they are taking proper measures to secure to them a Christian inheritance. MB. CHAMBEELAIN has been COMING very industriously employed BOUND, lately trying to construct a bridge over which he and other deserters from the Liberal party might return to the fold. Speaking at Hawick lately he formulated the terms on which it seemed to him a reunion might be effected. Ref erring to the question of Home Bule, he thus enumerated the conditions on which Lord Hartington was willing that the concession should . be made:—" 1. That the Imperial Parliament should represent the whole of . the United Kingdom. 2. That the powers given to a local authority should be delegated and not surrendered. 3. That the subjects entrusted to the local authority should be clearly defined and subject to revision and control. 4. That the administration of justice should remain with an authority responsible to the Imperial Parliament." As to condition No. 1, Mr. Gladstone's Act provided that, in relation to Imperial affairs, the Parliament of Westminster should represent the three kingdoms. A Parliament that did not exercise sovereign con- -trol in ell affairs of a.domestic character would be a Parliament in name only, and with such a counterfeit the Irish people would never be"satisfied. As to condition No. 2; there is no occasion to quarrel over terms, at least not till it is clearly seen what their scope or intent is. Condition No. 3 is an effectual bar to negotiations, for, in the interests of justice, the English Government could never be allowed, with the consent of the Irish people, to have anything to do with it in their country. Better far suffer as victims of injustice than be implicated, even indirectly, m the corruption of justice. No measure of Home Rule would be of the slightest value to the Irish people if it remained in the power of the English Government "to taint," in the words of an Irish bishop, "justice at its source," as has been done by the Irish Executive upon numberless occasions on which the ordinary law, fairly and honestly applied, could not be trusted to serve their base purposes. A deadly poison is not a thing with which a person capable of administering it, and secure from punishment, should be trusted. Mr. Chamberlain would give to Ireland an assembly representing a Canadian provincial Parliament, but what Ireland wants, and what she will have, is a Parliament similar to the Dominion Parliament. Her demand is for self- government in the fullest sense of the word, and the Irish leader who betrayed any willingness to accept anything less would be repudiated by the whole Irish race. That—or nothing for the present, is the watchword. If Ireland is bleeding from from the struggle, the Empire is suffering still more. Her vitality is not suffering, but its prestige is rapidly waning. Vivas, however loudly they may be shouted, will not restore it. There will be no spectres at the feast, for the ghosts of martyrs are not troubled spirits; but Ireland's voice of discontent, overheard in the acclamations, will resemble the writing on the wall at the banquet. IT can be no more than a mere suspicion that Russia is " at the bottom " of the risings in Silistria and Rustchuk, though it is very certain that she is at the end of them in the sense that they materially favour her designs. Though she is said to be on the brink of insolvency, it is possible that she has been fomenting disaffection with gold, but of this there is no proof. But it is likewise possible, though incredible to her English'critics, that the hostility to the Sobranje proceeds spontaneously from a philo-Russian But whether Russia has or has not had a hand in the insurrections, the Sobranje, in dealing with the insurgents, has committed a fatal error. There is a curious combination of strength and weakness in its action. The minor offenders have paid the forfeit of their lives, while the greater culprits have been allowed to escape. The tools have been punished, with the utmost rigour, while those suspected of being the agents of a foreign Power and the chief conspirators have not had so much as a hair of their heads touched. The sovereign authority of the National Council has been vindicated in the executions, but there is a weak submission to Russian pretensions in the act of handing over the Russian subjects to the German consulate. This betrayal of trust on the part of the Sobranje is the beginning of the end of its career. This,is .the second time the National Assembly has ielded to the demands of the imperious ?ower by whose authority the princl pality is overshadowed, and no representative body claiming sovereign authority could be guilty of such an abdication of its legitimate functions without forfeiting its rights to obedience. It is, however, not at all surprising that the Sobranje is unequal to the difficulties in which it is placed. The only Power from which it receives moral support or countenance is England. Those European Powers which have evinced any interest in its existence or doings have expressed opinions unfavourable to it. From its birth it got no sympathy from Germany or France. Turkey after a little time pronounced against it, and the latest news is that Austria, is tired of it as an obstacle to the settlement of the Bulgarian Question, and a danger to the peace of Europe. None of these Powers can hope that if Russia be allowed to re-establish her influence in the Balkan Peninsula that will tend to the settle' ment of the Eastern Question, but they wish to deprive her of art excuse 1 for armed intervention, and it seems to us not at all improbable that England, perceiving that there is no Continental Power willing to dispute the pretensionsof Russia, will withdraw from the Sobranje the moral influence which has proved altogether ineffectual for the purpose for which it was given. The foreign policy of the Tory Government of England in the Bulgarian crisis has been a signal failure. It has been timid aiid irresolute, and ha.s not exercised the slightest influence on the course of events. It haB not been the smallest obstacle to Russian designs, or afforded Austria any encouragement whatever on which she set the least value. Whatever course events may take it is evident that they will be wholly unaffected bv the wishes of the English Government. In Continental politics England is treated as a cypher, and it is possible that the consciousness of that fact may be slightly depressing on an auspicious occasion near at hand. ETJM.OTJEED EOYAL VISIT. THE Irish papers are playful ana slightly sarcastic in their allusions to the rumour that the Prince of Wales has it in contemplation to honour Ireland with a visit. These journals make sport of the matter, and even treat it with perfect indifference, not caring, apparently, whether his Royal Highness comes or stays at home. Now this seems to us to be a mistake on the part of our respected contemporaries, for there is something to be gained from a royal visit. The Prince does not travel with an empty purse, and it is said of him that he does not know the value of money nearly as well as his thrifty mother, notwithstanding that he has received some hard lessons 011 the subject. In addition to that the " Prince's set" are usually light-hearted and wealthy sprigs of nobility, and though they may consider that they imperilled their lives by going to Ireland, several of them would be certain to flock over there after their royal patron. The visit would mean a shower of gold, and that would not be unwelcome to a poverty-stricken people among whom showers of ejectment writB have been as frequent during the winter months as showers of rain. We hope the Prince will pay the projected visit. He should not experience any disappointment, for all his reasonable expectations would be realised. The Castle would turn out to the last man, not even excepting the scullion, to greet him, and he would be welcomed with a salvo of artillery from the Pigeon House. The " purveyors by appointment" in O'Connell and Grafton streets would not hesitate at a small expenditure to prove their gratitude and loyalty; and the coal-heavers, with other canaille who cut a figure in popular demonstrations, would take care not to come between the air and his nobility. His Royal Highness would get an exclusive and "genteel" kind of reception in which there would be nothing to ffend the educated ear or eye, and this being all he should expect there could be no disappointment. There may, however, be some groundless feaxB for is personal safety on the part of his royal mother. Any obstacle of that kind to the Prince's visit might be easily removed. At herMajesty's request Mr. Parnell would, we are quite sure, be most happy to furnish his Royal Highness with a safe-conduct letter that would be more useful to than a dozen proclamations, though each were adorned with the lion and unicorn at the top, and beautifully finished bff with the Privy Council seal at the bottom. FALLING TO PIECES. THE Salisbury Government is fast becoming an object for the 'derision of all political parties. Its tenacity of life is quite feline. It has already received several blows, under any one of which any Ministiy not determined to stick to office at all hazards would have taken the humiliating -situatii>n into serious consideration, with the usual re suit in cases of the kind ; hut not "till its ninth life has been taken will it give up the ghost. For Ireland-sotting better could happen than, this'Ministerial indifference to the proofs of failure and impotency, and for the Tory party nothing worse.; It is discredited to a most humiliating extent by the willing' ness of Lord Salisbury to retain an office the duties of which he is utterly incapable of discharging, and the retention of which is a violation of constitutional principles. He sticks to his post from ' one motive only, and that is to keep Mr. Gladstone out, and Ireland from exercising her legitimate rights through the agency of the constituencies and Parliament. By the course the Tory Premier is taking he is really guilty of high treason to the in' stitutions of the country, for he is blocking the machinery to the proper working of which he should offer no obstacle. His only excuse for so acting id that he has a small majority at his back. He does not object to being the tool of dishonest combination so long as he can block Home Rule. His. Government is fas t crumbling to piece's from the inj urious effects of stagnation and drjr rot, and his whole time is occupied in patching it up Bomehow."-A8 instruments are never wanting for the meanest work, substitutes never fail him. The twicedefeated Goschen didnot hesitate to serve him with the aid of Tory votes when his own party threw him over, and he has now found a Scotchman who was credited with Liberal views to do his dirty work. But there must be an end to all this treachery and truckling, and the end cannot be far off. The stop-gap Ministry is so altered and deformed by the patchwork process that it is in. credible that either the country or Parliament will much longer suffer it to stop the way and completely arrest all progress. The considerations which actuate the seceders will weigh with men of spirit and reputation, and none but mediocrities whose highest ambition is office at any price or under any circumstances will be found willing to throw in their lot with a Government of incapables. Before the session has very far advanced, we shall hear of its downfall. EVIDENTLY the Ang. A NEW lican Primate con- INTERNATIONAL siders that there was QUESTION. a serious side to what the Cologne G-azettt said about the expediency of gradually building up a Germandom in the north of Queensland. And it is creditable to Dr. Barry that, though Mrs. Barry's delicate state of health must have preoccupied his attention, he has not overlooked other matters of weighty import to Australians which do not specially concern him. In its report of its representative's interview with him the Argut says:— Indeed, his Lordship had strong and peouliar views of the possibilities of a detached and isolated Australia. From his own reading, and through reoent conversation with experienced and intelligent visitors, he knew that German publicists were discussing very seriously the right of any Power to a continuous holding of unooonpied territory. They argued, "We are prepared to settle and found our own order of civilisation; why should we, by foreign institutions, be kept out of snob an unooonpied territory as, say, Western Australia P" Or Northern Australia P This is a decidedly new international question, of which 110 one even so much as dreamt before it was raised in the German paper. We do not like to even so much hint tbat this grave divine was quizzing the gentleman of the Press to whom he gave audience. It is not likehr that Dr. Barry received his visitor for the purpose of recreation. If his Lordship indulged in flights of imagination which vied with the highest taken by French, Spanish, or English romancists, we could hardly suspect him of levity. What would, the loss of the New Hebrides be to the planting of a German or Russian colony on the Australian mainland P Really, Dr. Barry should have had mofre consideration for our peace of mind than to have suggested such a possibility. DUBLIN CASTLE has become as fatal to the political reputation of the anti- Irish representatives of the English Government as the upas tree is to life itself. At one time these officials waxed fat: and grew proud there. They had little to do but give their orders and see them executed. Any opposition that might be offered to their decrees was easily overpowered,- and their duty was performed to the satisfaction of the Ministry of the day and-the -British Parliament when they kept the country quiet, no matter by what agencies the task "had 'been accomplished. Things have changed very much of late years. There is ho longer a divided Ireland that can be ruled by setting clasB against class. The power of the garrison, except in brute force, has been completely crushed. A new order of things has been established, under which the only moral influence in political affairs is exercised by the leaders of the people. The national conscience, is obedient to no other authority whatever, and since the days ot Lord Spencer the attempt to govern the country on the old lines has been utterly abortive. Sir Michael Hicks- Beach is the latest emissary of what Mr- Gladstone calls the foreign Government who has had to retire from the task discomfited. The law officers of the Crown stopped at no iniquity to help him out of his difficulty, and their efforts are a failure. Not satisfied with resurrecting an obsolete law, they resorted to jury-packing of the most scandalous character, and in the prosecution of Mr. Dillon and his colleagues, as in the case of Charles Gavan Duffy in '48, and with the same result, they changed the venue from the city to the country with the hope of securing a conviction. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has been eating his heart in vexation of spirit, with the comical result that his eyesight is failing him. As the Americans would say, he is vamosing. The air of Dublin Castle not agreeing with his optics, he is returning to London for a cure. 