BRACING UP THE SOUL. 11Y C. H. SPURGEON. "Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, etc."—I Peter 1-13. I intend to handle the text with special view to the present time. It seems to me that there never was a text more appropriate for any day than this one for the time now passing. It begins, as you notice, with girding up the loins of your mind. . These are days of great looseness ; everywhere I see great laxity of doctrinal belief and gross carelessness in religious practice. Christian people are doing to-day what-their forefathers would have loathed. Multitudes of professors are but very little different from worldlings. Men's religion seems to hang loosely about them, as if ii did not fit them : the wonder is that it does not drop off from them. Men are so little braced up to conscientious conviction and vigorous resolve, that they easily go to pieces if assailed by error or temptation. The teaching necessary for to-day is this : " Gird up the loins of your mind," brace yourselves up ; pull yourselves together ; be firm, compact, consistent, determined. Do not be like quicksilver, which keeps 011 dissolving and running into fractions ; do not fritter away life upon trifles, but live to purpose, with undivided heart, and decided resolution. These are equally days in which it is necessary to say " be sober." We are always having some new fad or another brought out to infatuate the unstable. Very good, but very weak-minded people are apt to make marvellous discoveries, and to cry them up as if they had found the philosopher's stone. In my short time I have heard, " Lo, here ! " and I have listened ; and, " Lo, there ! " and I have listened : the call has come from a third, fourth, fifth, sixth quarter in quick succession, and after all there was nothing worth a thought. The whole world has been going to be enlightened by some new light which Peter and Paul never saw, something far superior to any- thing known by any of the saints or sages of the church ; but the grand illumination has not yet come off. " Be sober ; " keep your feet; possess your souls ; do not be carried away with every wind of doctrine ; do not be little babies, to believe everything that is told you, whether it be a ghost story or a fairy tale. " Be sober ; " quit yourselves like men that have their wits excited, and some are so bewildered that they do not know their head from their heels. Crowds are prepared to follow any kind of foolery, whatever it may be, as long as it is advocated by clever men, and is made to tickle their fancy. Do but slitmt loudly enough, and many will answer ; do but set open the door and beckon, and they will rusli in, whatever the entertainment may be. Brethren, '• be sober," and judge for yourselves. Nor is the third exhortation at all unnecessary. " Hope to the end." Certain of us have to confessjthat the outlook appears to us very dark and dismal. Our surroundings seem full of fear ; and we are apt to grow despondent, if not almost despairing : wisely, then, doth bold Peter say to us, " Hope to the end." You who love the truth, do not despair of its success ; you who hold to the good old ways, do not dream that everybody will desert them : do not give way to distrust as to the issues of the conflict. Be so hopeful as to bo " calm mid the bewildering cry, confident of victory." Put these three exhortations into one ; pull yourselves together, be steady, and be hopeful. There you have the practical run uf the text. I desire earnestly that, by God's Spirit, we may carry it into practice henceforth and forever.— Sermon 1909. 