BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE, SECOND DAY—TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24. The Conference met at 9.30 a.m. A vote of thanks to the president (Rev. J. Thorne) for his able and appropriate sermon preached before the Conference on Wednesday was carried unanimously. It was decided to add Teetulpa to the list of stations. The Rev. O. Lake moved the following reso lution with reference to the mission it is pro posed to open in Sydney:—"That in the opinion of this Conference the time is overdue when the Bible Christians should have a cause in Sydney. We desire to point out to the English Conference that Sydney is the prin cipal city in Australasia, and the seventh in importance in the British Empire. There are large numbers of our people in the city and great scope for evangelistic work. We make this proposal to the English Conference, that if they will grant £500. in instalments or £100 a year towards the expense of establishing the mission we will take Sydney on our list of stations and appoint one minister there next Conference. We are strongly of opinion that onr work would spread out through New South Wales if we could take a stand in the me tropolis of the colony." Mr. Lake gave a brief account of his visit to Sydney, and pointed out the bad policy the denomination bad pursued in opening missions in leaving the centre of the colonies out of their efforts. Mr. J. G. Ashton seconded the resolution. The Rev. Jan. Hancock bad visited Sydney during the year, had preached in the city, and bad had offered to him the pastorate of a church. He had no doubt that the mission to Sydney would be a pronounced success from tiie very beginning. The resolution was carried with enthusiann. The Conference then passed a resolution setting apart the Rev. C. Tresise to the work of a connexional evangelist. A moiion that excited great interest was brought forward by the Rev. T. PirEn, on the question of tile union of the Methodist churches. It was as follows:—"That in the opinion of this Conference an organic union of the minor Methodist churches in this colony is dearable; and that a committee be appointed to act with any similar committee appointed by any other Methodist body, to ascertain if such organic union is practicable, and if so, to . prepare a scheme for union and submit the rame to the quarterly meetings, that they may report thereon to the next Conference." Mr. Pipes pointed oat the advantages of the motion, which ivas seconded by the Rev. T. Rows. Sir. Eowe referred to the saving of men and money in a united denomination, how missions to the heathen might be originated, and how the college, the bookroom, and other institutions would receive larger support.' After dinner the debate was resumed byMr. Vibgo, an<l continued by the Rev. T. E. Keen, both speak ing strongly in favor of union. Tbe latter, however, contended that union to be valuable must be a onion of all Methodists. The Rev. O Lake spoke against the preamble of the resolution, urging that at this stage it was far enough to go to appoint a committee to consider tbe deeirablenewandpracticablenes? of union. He thought tbe ghost should be bud one way or the other. If we dragged out this coquetting to a great length, and then broke it off without effecting a union, we should be farther apart than ever. The Rev. R. liAXG spoke in favor of onion. The Rev. W. F. J ahes bora testimony to the growth of union sentiment in tbe old country, and pointed out the advantages of tbe union between the Methodists in Canada in 1883. The Rev. J. Colukgb confessed that three years ago he waa opposed to union, but his experience had brought about a complete change m his oenti wjenta, and be was now firmly convinced that tiie. band of God waa forcing this question on. The Rev. J. Raymont said, speaking repre sentatively, he must plead for union. Mr. B. Gould said that the laymen of tike Wesleyan Methodist Church were as anxious for onion as tile Bible Christians, and thought that soon the laymen in tbe different churches would speak out in a way that must be listened to. Mr. Anderson declared in favor of union. Tbe Rev. J. Poster said the feeling in favor of Methodist union was stranger in the Wesleyan body than was generally supposed. ("No, no, not among the ministers.") Yea, among tile """i?tT Let them look at tbe Christian Weddy next issue. The Rev. Jos. Hancock, Juil, spoke against the question. He said there was no affinity fcntween tbe Prinritive? and tbe Bible Chris tiana. He said he knew nothing of opposition, and he bad no desire far union. They had a r"??"f, and ought to discharge it Mr. Gubr declared t?im?3t in favor of union, but be thought there waa more public apathy than some of the speakers seemed to indicate. The Hot. W. W. Fmcii said be believed that their pronawme was sot worked out yet, and they ought to go on with their God-appointed work. The arguments imported by Messrs. James and Lang, from Canada and the old country, did not apply to tins colony. The Rev. 6. H. Patbtkb said tbe people were not asking for union; and he did not find the Primitives friendly to him where their own ftnnTrfifm were not found. There were no signs of affinity. Mr. J. G. Ashwmj said tins question ought to be remitted to the quarterly meetings. He admired the democratic element in the Primitive Method!* Church, but be feared a geaeral Methodist onion wonU be a menace to public liberty. He did not want to see a big church, but a free church. He thought the vote of the people would be safe on this question, and to them it should go. Tbe Rev. T. Pifkr replied, and the motion was carried by a largo majority. A resolution was brought forward by Mr. Tros. Richabds that laymen should be placed en tbe stationing committee. The vote pro vided that a layman from each district should be appointed to ?erve on tbe oonunittee for stationing tbe moMstera* As experience meeting was held in the eren 'v?e- _________ 