INTERNAL EVIDENCE EOR THE NEW TESTAMENT. Four Biographies of one and the same Person, commonly called "Gospels"-— each of which may be read through in a few hours, and all within a couple of days — have wrought a greater change upon the world than all other writings taken together. Yet less is known abont the external history of these books than about most of the authentic productions of antiquity. The precise date of noue of them can be determined with certainty, the order in which they appeared, with the exception, perhaps, of the last, is mat ter of dispute to this day ; of the primary causes of their publication, and the objects immediately in the view of their authors, we know no more than can be gathered by internal evidence, aided by some vague though respectable traditions ; of the personal history of the first and last of the four writers we know but little, of the third still less, and of the second — if we are right as to who he was, but this also is matter of dispute — next to nothing. -What are we to infer from these facts P Clearly .this, that the unexampled power of these four books is due to their contents alone. This is more surprising, consider ing that there are questions touching the -relation of these four writings to each other which have baffled the acutest students for the last sixty years. The fourth Gospel, for example, so remarkably differs from the other three in the tone and even in the contents, as to raise the question, were the sources of information in possession of both equally good? Again the first three Gospels so remarkably re semble each other, not only in matter, but even to verbal identity in the relation of what is common to all, as to suggest, on the first view of them, a dependence of one or of two of them upon a third ; but then, again, the seriouB differences of representation — amounting in certain cases to apparent, some say real, contra diction — render it difficult to conceive how any of the first three writers could have . had the productions of the others before him. But though these and other per plexing problems have to this hour re ceived no certain solution, the wondrous efficacy of Four Gospels, or of the four fold Life of Jesus which we obtain from them all in combination, is no more affect ed by this uncertainty than if it did not exist. Thousands of copies of all the four were made and dispersed quickly through every land; for the multitudes who could but imperfectly or not at all comprehend the original, translations of them con tinued to be executed from the second century onwards from age to age, and still continue to be made ; nor will there be a tribe of mankind, however remote and in significant, in whose tongue these Gospels will not soon spon_tellthair marvellous tale. -Nothing in' the least like this can be said of any other ancient works, nor of all works, ancient and modern,1 pub to gether. Now the question isj How is all this to be accounted for? Whence do these four biographies derive their power ? What is there in the Life which they have presented to us which has the match less virtue of attracting from age to age the homage of millions of minds, of ravishing hearts unnumbered, the rude and refined alike? How comes it that the Object which they all hold forth to us commands what no other human being ever claimed or ever received — the trust, the love, the humble imitation of the most . advanced and enlightened portion of mankind? What spell is there about that Object which makes the best of men feel more deeply wounded by slights offered to His name than by any affronts cast upon .themselves ? Whence is it that they are ready any day to die for Him ? What is it that draws them into ennobling com munion with Him unseen, makes them look forward with rapture to the hope of seeing Him, and persuades them , that there will be no higher bliss in the world to come than to be for ever with Him ? It is to these intensely interesting ques tions that we now address ourselves. The answer to them will explain why myriads of men, without any external evidence, irresistibly feel and know the Gospel History to be true, and the Christianity which lies in the bosom of that History to be God's sovereign balm for the maladies of our nature, in which all preceding revelations and all prepara tory Divine institutions find their de signed and appropriate termination. And thus will be completed what we had to say on the " Claims of the Old Testa ment," internally considered. To he continued .) Recent Events. — Lord Bobert Montague, who has had poouliar opportuni ties of observing the tactics of the Jesuits, and their, incidence on- the political world, has put very forcibly his views and their reasons in a handsome volume entitled " Recent Events, with a clue to their solution." The bulk of the work is nocessarily much en larged by the frequent and copious verbatim reports of the utterances in Parliament and out of it, of the actors on the political stage. These are his proofs, and he considers it ne cessary and fair that they should not be garbled ; but they, of course, take up much space, and if this addB to the size and expense of the volume, it makes the accusation more perfect ; and it recalls to us and keeps beside us a record of the incidents which otherwise -would become dissipated in the ephemeral newspaper roportB of quickly passing time. Lord Bobert Montague was induced at one time to go over to the Church of Rome, and as a man of high family, and of considerable ' mark," of course lie was petted, caressed, and made the moat of by the holy leaders in that Church. He was the friend and the hope of the Jesuits particularly, and he was "in the swim" of the machinations and plots of such men as Archbishop Manning and his party. Moreover Lord Bobert had a keen eye to remark, and much ability to observe the underlying current of parliamentary work. He traces in this book the history of the in fluence of the Jesuits ruling the statesmen, especially in Irish matters, from the time of Tyrconnel, " lying Dick Talbot," to that of Gladstone. Tyrconnel, before King William's victory, had plotted with the Jesuits to ex terminate the Protestants in Ireland, and the game has been kept up ever since, statesmen apparently opposed being really at one in this nefarious plot. Even Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Disraili, or Lord Beaconsfield, when most opposed in party division, are by Lord Bobert shown to be both making to the same end — and that end the strengthening of the papa- power and the destruction of the British oonl stitution. Whether he actually proves this must .be a matter to be docidod by the reader of the book. There will be always diversity of opinion on this point. The writer is not sparing of proofs for what he Bays, and al ways produces the ipsissima verba of' the speakers. Whether the Jesuits are or are not the agents, and we really doubt whether they are half so clever or influential as people say, whether, they are really the agents or not, the sayings and doings of those who are re sponsible for the present pandemonium in Ireland, and for the ruin of the old vaunted freedom of the House of Commons and its capacity for doing any business, are placed before us here in a manner which should make us think. The writer does not hesitate to say that there has been a deliberate plot engaged in by both parties, or their leaders, under the influence of Archbishop Manning arid the Jesuits, to destroy the parliamentary government, and revert to the rule of the Crown through the minister of the day. Objectionable Gifts.— The Even ing Post of Wellington, New Zealand, says that "Bishop Abfaham, the first Bishop of Wellington, and Mrs. Selwyn, widow of the first Bishop of New Zialand, have presented to St. Paul'd Cathedral " Church in that city, a brass cross and candlesticks for for the oommuuion table. The candlesticks are of handsome and finished workmanship. They are of solid brass, standing two feet high, and are made on the inoiol of the shafts and oapitals of the Chapter House door in Lichfield Cathedral, being early Eaglish. Tliis handsome, gift is to mark the .connection between Lichfield, to which See the. first Bishop of New Zealand was 'translated, and the Cathedral Ohuroh, of the capital city of ' New Zialand." Among the multitude of unobjectionable things that are necessary and ornamental in a church, Bishop Abraham and Mrs. Selwyn might have selected some suit able gift that would not offend a large section of Churchmen. But they preferred to choose these things which they knew would give offence. Such gifts given so unchristianly should not be accepted by avy Church. The sacred Scriptures speak very strongly against those by whom offences come. Organic Feebleness.— The Ex press, the priettly organ, is thiB week a little larger, but still more feeble than ever. The bigness is occasioned by the supposed neces sity of doing something to mark St. Patrick's Day. For this end all the old stalo things that could be routed out of old rubbish heaps were got together to do gloomy duty. A whole page is taken up with a most ludicrous print, which we are informed is intended for a likeness of St. Patrick, who is bedizened with rall the frippery of a modern Romish Archbishop ; frippery which assuredly honest St. Patrick never dreamed of. The whole thing is a stupid daub. Old blocks or blockheads are raked out of tho dust, having ong ago earned their rc-pose by having served their original purpose ; and here they aro again filling whole pages — John Mitchel,who no more believed in St. Patrick than he did in Christ. Redmond — a horrible Protestant heretic — and a couple of dozen of such . Then if you please, to. stuff up the space, wo have a long account of tho visit of the brothers Redmond to Australia in largo type, as if it were a leader, and which nevertheless the editor must know well is full of the most Billy distortions of fact. The Orange men are not bo much to blamo as what are called "the Cawtholic aristocracy" (meaning such gentlemen as Sir Patrick Jen nings), who would not come out and patronise the lc8gue. But what all those old ghosts have to do with the present year of grace 1887, and its celebration of the day, or why things. dead and buried should be called up from their graves, it is difficult to imagine. Dr. O'Dogherty will have a crow to pluck with the Express , too, because, tbe woodcuts are many of them merely the supposed like nesses of proteBtants, and the Doctor says that only Irish Catholics should talk of St. Patrick's day. Well, well! let any foreigner look at the four grouped together in one page, and will he not say that if Irishmen are anything like that, they must be an uglier race than the Busbhine of Africa. , We scarcely think that any of them will get the portrait framed and handed down to his children. . The Ryde Arson Case.— On the 23rd inst., before Mr. Acting Judge M. H. Stephen, this weary trial came to its necessary conclusion by the acquittal of Mr. Britten — the jury signifying by their refusal to hear any evidence for the defence, that they did not see even a prima facie case against the rev. gentleman. The mistake was in sending to the Central Criminal Court a case in which at tbe Police Court all forthcoming evidence Lad been produced, without any identification of the accused with the fire, without the alle gation of any possible motive ; and with the certainty of just wasting tho time of tho judge and jury, and throwing away law expenses for nothing. If Mr. Manning's object was to injure Mr. Britten, and even if ho believed him to bo guilty and merely wished to punish him— the effect of pushing a trial without a shadow of evidence must defeat his own end ; while those who relied on Mr. Britten's inno cence will be more than ever convinced of it. Of all connected with the case, it is Mr. Man ning who figures worst. He Bhows through- out an animus suspicious in one who had himself to take a quasi judicial position in the matter, and which goeB far to weaken what ever evidence he gave : even had it amounted to anything practical. The magistrate who eent up the case without better reason, comeB in also for censure. It is an intolerable hard ship that a man should be put to much fatigue, expense, and humiliation, without anything like a fair cause. Tlie Under-Secretary for Justice. — Efforts are being made and all the Romish Church's influence brought to bear to put Mr. MacNevin, of the Department of Justice, in the place of the resigning Under-Secretary, Mr. Plunkett. Mr. Mac- Nevin's appointment would be most'distaste- ful to all the minority of Piotestant officers in' the department, who would pi .fer to forego their certain step of promotion if Mr. McN«vin being head clerk was moved into the Under-Secretary's place and each of the other officers were moved up similarly. It would not be right of a Department to deliberately place a man at tho head of a department in whom the officers, of all the Protestant denominations had so little con fidence, that they would rather forego their promotion than have him appointed. Mr. MacNevin has beenaeling as Under-Secretary, and tbe officers of the department have had a long experience of him. His action in the caBe of Mr. Murphy must be well known to the Hod. W. Clarke, the new Minister for Justice, who bad to fight hard, and move five times in Parliament before justice was done. That experience shonld lead Mr, Clarke to be wary of listening to any pressure brought to bear in Mr. MacNevin's favour by Mr. Garvan, Mr. Clarke's Roman predecessor in office. In that unjust opposition to Mr. Murphy, Mr. MacNevin was the real mover. Mr. Clarke must be aware of this, or he can easily find it out by enquiry. Mr. Murphy . was a Protestant, and so all the influence of the heads of_ the Department of Justice was arrayed against him, under the orders of the Cardinal. The plums in the department have for a long course of years been given to Roman Catholics; the heads of the department are Roman Catholicp. It is time that, as opportunity occurs, this unfair clique that rules the department should bo broken up, and Mr. Clarke has now in his hands the opportunity of making one Btep towards this end. If he will do this he will gain the hearty support and gratitude of all the Pro testant officers of the department. As for tbe Roman Catholic faithful, tbey bodily opposed his election ; tbey deteBt the Government of which he is a member ; he is in office, in spite of them, and at hiB downfall they would rejoice. He owes them nothing, can expect nothing but opposition from them, and bo he ought not to give way to any pressure that the Roman Catholic party may bring to bear to maintain their long continued and unfairly used preponderating influence in the depart ment which the Hon. Mr. Clarke now rules with a determined hand. Mr. Hawkins' Anti-Infidel Lectures. — We desire to acknowledgo with thanks a donation of £1 from the Rev. William Grant, of Shoalhaven, towards the expenses of initiating Christian Evidence Lectures by Mr. Hawkins, the late Vice- Presi dent of the Australian Secular Association. Mr. Grant expresses tho wish that he could send a larger sum to aid tho work. We hope Mr. Grant's example will stimulato other Christians to aid the lately converted Secu larist in the work for which the Almighty seemB to have prepared him, and to huvo now given him to do. Such money is lent to the Lord, and He, even in this world, returns high interest upon everything freely given to Him. i Progress of Route.— With this issue, atier a good deal of expense, we present to our readers the promised illustration of tho Progress of Rome. In it Ronio is represented as a tiger kitten developing into into a full grown tiger, with cardinul's cap and cape, and with feet upon Ireland ana upon freedom of thought. Dates of tho different steps illustrated are given, and on back of the picture is a telling speech by the Right Hon. Lord Robert Montague, who went over to Rome, but has retured, taught by his peep behind the scenes to be a thorough Protestant. A table of the progress of popery in Great Britain since 1829 is also added. Tho first copy of the cartoon we saw, had tho tiger coloured, and the cardinal's cap and cape bright scarlet. Wo ordered it, and ex pected to get it in colour, but it has arrived as we give it to our readers. Probably tho colours in the petition we saw were laid on with the brush. 