THE NOVELIST. The Mysterious Bell-Ringings. By J. W. Deforest. (Continued.) " All, certainly," lie replied, with well- oiled readiness. "You must understand Mr Vanderlyn — I aui extremely glad to make your acquaintance sir, — that Mrs Taillefer is annoyed by an incomprehen sible and villainous persecution. There is a mysterious bell-ringing about the house," lie went on as if lie had never mentioned the subject before. " It is a serious dis turbance. I have done myself the honour to oflot to examine the mystery thoroughly. I propose to stay in the house night and day until I have discovered the authors of the" trick. I shall be happy — as Mrs Taillefer graciously permits — to have your company and assistance." " Nothing would please me better, said Vanderlyn. " I have often wanted to hunt a ghost." Filkington's countenance descended still lower, until it seemed likely to cover his whole person — a gigantic apron of gloomy blubber. The two .men at'our the house that clay and passed the night there. To both of them Mrs Taillefer was charming; it was very easy for them to find her so ; it was very easy for her to be so. The jealousy of Pilkington she assauged hy saying : " It was necessary to have someone here besides you, and, of course, you prefer a boy to a man." To Vanderlyn she whisp ered : " Mr Pilkington is my business agent, and as I. may find it expedient to let this great, lonesome house, he wishes to clear it of the reputation of being haunted. Meantime, there were occasional lin- almlations without discoverable cause. The bell-wires had been cut, as Pilking ton had said, but had been replaced in or der to provoke further manifestations, with a view to discovering the origin of the disturbance ; and, the moment he wires were in working order, the ghost was at them. Thrice during the afternoon a sharp jingling sent Vanderlyn into the hall and Pilkington to the window. In vain ; nobody was at the door ; nobody was in the passages. If the originator of the clamour were a living human creature, he was sly and quick enough to deserve a ghost's highest praise. As for the gasses which had been sup- |»osed by some physicists to rampage in the cellar and agitate the hell-wires, Van derlyn went through the gloomy region with a lighted candle, and discovered nothing more niephitic than a wine-vault. Of the servants he was, for a while grimly suspicious ; he believed that the " everlasting nigger" was at the bottom of all this, as of all other Southern troubles; but, afier close watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of counterfeiting spectres. Horribly afraid of the " obi," they remained silent and brooding, like dispirited bens in their own corner of the establishment., whisper ing abont " voudoes," gathering into knots when the bell rang, and obeying the sum mons with extreme reluctance. Tn short, Vanderlyn was completely beaten, and began to wonder if there really were ghosts. By ten of the evening after he had answered the goblin's ling a dozen times, he was in a state of consider able mental excitement. The hint of Pilkington, that there was something strange and evil in this family, began to disturb him seriously. Was it Anthony Taillefer's spectre which thus, perhaps avenging some mortal wrong, disturbed the house ? Had the man really been poisoned? If so, who? — what cause? These iuteriial questions became so dis agreeable that he sought to stifle them by talking to the widow and gazing into her wondrous eyes. Her calmness under the manifestations, hei sweet and almost gay cheerfulness, so natural to a pure con science, did much towards re assuring him as to her blainelessness and his own happi ness. " It is a serious business for me, this bell- ringing," she said. " It may diminish the marketable value of the house. And I fear I shall he obliged to let it." Was she in pecuniary straits? Van derlyn thought of his three hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at her feet. Perhaps he was only pre vented from offering himself to her at once by the reflection that she had been but one month a widow. Had he known her thorough.y, he would have known that there was in fact no cause for hesitation, lie would also have known enough to make hiiu recoil from such a proffer. The young man passed a wearisome and yet ludicrons night. It was pitifully comical to watch that vast hulk of Filking ton's roll about the house in search of the bell-ringers, causing the firm floors to creak tinder its ponderous transit. On tiptoe Pilkington could not go ; his weight would have crushed the toes of a megalo- saurus; he- must tread on the full cushiony breadth of his elephantine pedals. Once lie lay down, with many short-winded groans, to look tinder a door to spy the next room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at swell an altitude which kept him from seeing anything ; and very soon the recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation which turned his yellow face into an awful crimson. It cost Vanderlyn a laborious minute to restore the giant to a sitting position on the floor, and another to place liiin in a sitting position on the sofa. After recovering such breath as still lie- longed to him, he proceeded, in a tone of some bitterness, to sjieak of Mrs Tailefer. "And there the lies upstairs, sleeping as. calmly as a baby. Do you suppose she cares because we are making a night of it on her account? Not a bit of it. She thinks of herself, tha t woman does ; she's like all the rest of her sex ; tliev are as selfish as cats. J list like cats, Mr Vau- deilyn — soft, purring, sly, selfish, cruel — that's precisely the phrase, Mr Vanderlyn — selfishly cruel. Think of their own comfort and their nice fur. Nothing else — Nothing else." ' Are yon not rather severe, at least on Mrs Taillefer?" remonstrated the young man. Pilkington hesitated ; he groaned with reflection. We may as well suggest frankly that lie wished to detach Vander lyn from the widow, while he did not care to have her know his efforts to deprive her of a possible suitor. " A word with you, sir," he answered when he had taken his resolution, " a word with you in strict ftiendly confidence. Honor of a gentlemen, Mr Vanderlyn ! I feel an interest in you, and want you to be — well-informed. This woman, who is sleeping sweetly upstairs, has always slept through other people's troubles. She is selfishness iucarnate. Her mother was a widow, and poor, she starved herself to furnish her Diane, the pretty kitten, let her do it. Then came Anthony Taillefer's turn. As the cat has eaten one mouse, she must have another. When Taillefer fell in love with this girl and married her, he had just succeeded to his father's estate and was trying to set it to rights. He held on to the family mansion, but he was living economically, he told his cir cumstances to his betrothed ; he told her that he could not afford above five thous and a year for household expenses ; and he asked her to aid him iu saving until the plantation mortgages should be paid. Of course she promised, cats always pro mise." Here Mr Pilkington uttered a sigh which was well suited to the nature of his tale, but which was probably meant to express no more than his own sorrows or twinges. " What did she do ?" he proceeded. " She began to eat up Taillefer just as she had eaten her mother: He must give splendid parties ; he must have a gallery of piotures; he must buy a new carriage; he must take her to the North. As for dresses, jewels, and that sort of thing, he musn't stint her. If he did, oh, wasn't he cruel ! and didn't she pay him for it ! You and I, Mr Vanderlyn don't know exactly how husbands are bullied and governed. But they are, we know that. Taillefer was, He was a kind-hearted, welkmean- ing fellow ; he wanted other people to be happy; he 'hated to cross his wife. She found out all that, and she had no pity on him. She ate hiui up as calmly and prettily as she had eaten her mother. He got deeper in debt every year ; I know how it went with him ; I am a broker. At last of course, the end came ; but before it reached him, he stepped ont. Havn't the least doubt of it, Mi Vanderlyn. Strychnine. Couldn't bear to hear him self called a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell his wife that he had no more money for her. Both are likely. He was high-toned, and he was soft-hearted." Mr Pilkington closed his narrative in the abysess of a profound sigh. Vanderlyn began to see things by day light. Here was a fair old Ulyses in love with a young syren, aware of the perils of her enchantments, and yet unable to escape them ; warning others from her side, solely that he might remain her only vic tim. For it was pretty clear that, not withstanding Pilkington's bitterness against the widow, he was desperately in love with her. He railed at her, he told the savage truth about her; yes, but he wanted her for his wife. In this curious spectacle Vanderlyn began to take a phil osophic interest, which diminished his own infatuation. The young man's eyes being opened he made discoveries. From a word or two dropped by Pilkington, lie inferred that the deceased Taillefer had borrowed largely of that gentleman and had not re paid. Another discovery. Vanderlyn re marked on the expense of burning gas all night throughout so large a building. The sulky response was : " It won't cost her anything; nothing costs her much." So Pilkington was still lending. As to the bell-ringings, he discovered nothing, except that they could keep him awake. What with waiting for noises, and dodging about in vain search for their cause, neither of the men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyes and haggard faces presented a strong con trast to the freshness of Diana Taillefer, as sweet and cool as a lily from the dews of a summer night. Vanderlyn was almost angry at the bland good-lmmour with which she smiled at the story of their vigils, and, by way of protest against her ungrateful lack of sympathy he went off to his hotel after breakfast and took a nap. During the day fie met old travelling comrades, and they, knowing his social position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week or two lie was in society, visiting people who knew Diana Taillefer. Everybody who was anybody knew Diane Taillefer; everybody, too, wanted to talk about. Iter. Public opinion was very positive as to the merits and demerits of this remarkable young woman. She was beautiful ; yes, but she was heartless. She was charming, she was bewitching ; yes, but she had no sympathy for others. She was a bom queen of society ; yes, but she ruined those who loved her. Everybody knew that she had sucked the life out of a mother, and then had sucked the life out of a husband. Yet there were plenty of women who en vied the fame of this fascinating vampire, and plenty of men who seemed willing to offer their hearts blood for her subsistence. The fact that her widowhood excluded her from society was to her rivals a keen joy, and to her admirers a matter of loud lament. " It is a cruel joke on her, this mourn ing," said one of her hest friends — a lady of high fashion — to Vanderlyn. " There is, on a temporary funeral pyre, for a hus- band whom she was glad to get rid of be cause he could not support her in the style that she needs. There she is, de barred from hunting the millionaires whom she wants." On the whole, the young widow's character suffered more than it gained at the hands of Airs Grundy. She herself contributed to her own defamation by keeping up her usual expenses, although her insolvent husband had not left lier a penny. This woman strangely deficient in moral perceptions, never could under stand the justice, the decorum, or even the wisdom of paying a debt. At- a creditor who asked for bin money she stared with haughty astonishment, only slightly mixed with irritation. If a shopkeeper hesitated to trust her further, she conceived that he had grossly insulted her, and turned her back on him with annoying contempt. The doors of a house which she did not own she ordered to be closed in the faces of people whose claims entitled them to say that they did own it. " I don't know how she will come out," remarked the intimate friend above, men tioned. " 1 fear she will require two or three men at once to support her. And, you know, that sort of thing seldom ends weH." While Diane Taillefer wanted to be trusted by everyone she trusted no one. When Pilkington invested for her some ready cash which she had kept out of the estate, she took his receipt for it with a phrase that was worldly wise,' tut the utterance of which was cruel. " In matters of business," she said, with a smile, " It will not do to confide in a business man. In other affairs he may be a self-sacrificing friend ; but, as soon as it comes to business, he looks out for him self." The circumstance which most injured Diane Taillefer was the bell-ringing. This strange annoyance, which soon became known throughout the city as a " spiritual manifestation," so thoroughly captivated and bewitched the popular credulity, as to make it accept any phantasmal figment which might seem to account for it.; It was soon reported that the bells were rung by Anthony Taillefer's ghost ; then came a suspicion that the haunting spirit had some wrong to avenge ; then arose whis pering of poison . By negroes ? That, in the opinion of New Orleans was always probable. By Diane Taillefer ? People looked at this question ; no one wished to utter. The body was taken from the family vault, and traces of strychnine were found in it. But at this point the investigation was arrested by Pilkington, who brought forward strong probabilities of suicide. He showed the pecuniary affairs of the de ceased had long been in a hopeless state ; he produced a note in Taillefer's hand writing, which spoke of " seeking surcease of trouble in death ;" in short, he kept the affair out of the courts. Nevertheless, the scandal was a heavy blow to Diane in more ways than one. After she had suc ceeded, through Pilkington's admirable management and liberal loans, in saving the house for herself out of the insolvent- estate, she found that it had become value less as a piece of property. She could not live in it for lack of means, and she could not rent because it was haunted. Another fatal incident was, that her old admirers were perverted hy the popular prejudice. It began to them unlikely that any of the wealthy young men of New Orleans would marry a woman who had become known as a " husband-killer." From the time that this blasting epithet gained currency in society, the retirement of her widowhood was not adorned by a single flirtation, excepting the affairs of Vanderlyn and the broker. The New Yorker was tempted by this dangerous and brilliant bait. The fact that it was dangerous rendered it almost as fascinating to him as the fact tha.t it was brilliant. We know how youth loves adventures ; how it longs for the ideal and the unheard of ; how chivalrous and gener ous it is ; how capable of self- sacrifice ; how hungry for pleasure ; how reverent of beauty. In the histoiy character, and per son of Diane Taillefer there was what pro mised to satisfy all youth's craving impul ses. To Vanderlyu's senses and appre ciation she seemed to fill the air around her with an odour, or a taint, of bewilder ing temptation. In spite of the warnings which lie had received, in spite of the dread and even aversion for her with which the breath of society occasionally affected him, he could not help longing to possess her. At last he was distinctly offered his choice, whether lie would take or refuse the alluring prize. He was alone with Diane in her parlor. After the manner of his sex, he was loung ing from place to place in the room, now stopping to glance at some of the old pic tures on the wall, now fingering the bronzes on the mantel, now turning over the leaves of an album, but all the while talking. After the manner of her sex, she sat tranquilly upon a sofa, waiting for him to approach. He was thinking of his longings and her beauty, she was thinking of her necessaries and bis fortune. " Thanks," she said with her most be witching smile, when he took a seat beside her. " You have flattered the pictures long enough. I want to engage' a few moments of your atcentiou for my self." " Oh, but you have all my moments you know," he answered, lightly. She heard him without smiling, her elbow resting on an arm of the sofo, her face supported and partly hidden by her hand, her eyes flxed on the floor with an expression of melancholy. " Let me he serious," she murmured, " I aru in pressing need of your kindest consideration and counsel. You will for give me for imploring thus much of you. I am driven to it." A man who lias not been heart-hardened by vice sympathise profoundly with beauty and sorrow. His instant impulse is to throw himself before the sufferer, and at his own cost make the way less stony to her feet. Vanderlyncgave Diane a look which said, " I am, whether 1 wish it or not at your service." " A woman is so helpless," she sighed still playing on the chord of masculine pity for feminine feebleness. " If I were a man, I could face my embarrassments. I could plunge into the world, and carve out suc cess, or at least safety. As things are, all I can do is to accept one man's help or another's." Her voice was music ; it lulled and be witched him. Her eyes wore marvellously beautiful and pathetic ; they seemed to plead for his soid and obtain it. " A man's terms are so hard," she went on. " He will save the woman whom he pities on the sole condition of possession. Such a salvation has been proposed to me by a man who is horrible — so disgusting. Ah, it is worse than death such help ! Tell, me, shall I accept it ? Shall I marry Air Pilkington ?" Vanderlyn was crazed. The thought that this woman was about to be taken from him made her suddenly precious. The idea of seeing so much beauty sur rendered to such bestial ugliness drove him to long to rescue it, at no matter what self- sacriflce. He was on the point of extending his hand to take hers — At that instant the bell rang. The clear tiuabulation vibrated through his spirit like a warning from the other world. All at once life seemed ghostly to him, he believed for a moment in the interference of supernal powers ; and an impulse drove him to trust his future to the guidance of fatality. "If I find any human being at the door," he said to himself " I will marry her." Without glancing at Diane, he rose, crossed the room as stealthily as a sceptre aud opeucd the door. No one was in the hall ; the bell-wire was still trembling ; he opened the outer door, no one. When he came back his face was almost deathly-pale, and he looked firmly into her eyes, as he said ; " I have no counsel to give." " In that case," she replied with a flush of desperation and auger, " I shall follow the advice of the only man who is my true friend. I shall marry Air Pilkington." A few mouths later Vanderlyn lounging over the files in a New York Ulub, read the announcement of the marriage of Diane Giroudeuu Taillefer to J. D. Pilkington, both of New Orleans. After a while Vanderlyn learned that Diane was once more the queen of society. The enormous fortune of her husband en abled her to display a sumptuous elegance of dress and hospitality which crushed all competition. Even the high-bred aris tocracy of New Orleans submitted to the insolent domination of Alts Pilkington. Once be met her at Newport. She be witched him anew with her beauty, and affability. Not a suspicion of vindictive- ness or even coolness in her reception of him. She noted that he bowed to her in spirit, aud smiled upon him for it. She seemed to be incomparably charming. Then came the war, and with it a sus picion that she might be sharing in the ruin of the South, but no positive know ledge. Finally Vanderlyn returned to Louisi ana, as colonel of a New York regiment, in Banks's expedition. At Fort Jackson, he learned from a Confederate prisoner, that the well-known broker Pilkington had died a bankrupt months previous, and that his widow had disappeared from a society which was even then falling its poverty stricken decay and confusion. An evening or two after his arrival in New Orleans, he went alone to the Taillefer mansion. The moonlight showed him the huge building as we have desciibed it — a sombre, forbidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and windows barred. As he gazed, a citizen lounged by. Some conversation took place as to the deserted place ; then Vanderlyn inquired about the bell-ringings — had the cause of them been discovered ? "Oh, the ghost business?" replied the other. " No ; no satisfactory explanation; it was always a mystery. I never knew of another thing which was such a complete puzzle to everybody." Presently a carriage passed slowly, and Vanderlyn perceived it in a brother officer, evidently in a state of intoxication, by his side sat a woman. She leaned forward and surveyed the mansion wistfully. He heard her say, " That was once my house. " The officer rudely slapped her on the shoulder, with a drunken laugh of good humoured incredulity, and a taunt of fearful though unmeant cruelty. " You women always have some such trash to tell ; go talk to the marines." As she feil back iu her seat with a pa thetic gesture of anger and deapair, Van derlyn lost sight forever of the now hag gard features, and almost obliterated beauty, of Diane Taillefer — Argonaut. the end. 