A GHOST, OR WHAT ? Some days ago (says the Mudgee " Independent") a farmer named Large, residing in the vicinity of Cooyal, re- ported to the police that for several nights himself and his family had been terrified in consequence of stones, some of which weighed l^lb., continually dropping inside the house, apparently coming through the roof. Strange to say, the extraordinary occurrences are never apparent unless the mans wife is in the room. The affair has created quite a sensation, and all who have visited the place, seeing for themselves, the police included, persist in applying the evidently appropriate term " ghostly missiles" to the huge 'gibbers' which have dropped in the house when the windows and doors were secured. The effect on the unfortunate woman, who feels that she is a victim of an awful vengeauce, is alarming. At times, when the missiles are falling around, deathly chills affect her whole system and almost prostrate her. On one evening, fearfnl to remain indoors, the poor woman sought quietude outside the house, but strange to say several large stones dropped close to her; whilst one, although falling on some part of her body, left no mark-in fact, was hardly felt. A chill crept over her, and she had to be taken to the fire, but without restoring warmth, lt is an easy matter to convince superstitious people of these facts, but when sceptics go and see, and sit with the woman and husband in the same room, and have stones dropping round about them, they are glad to bo rid of such unpleasant associations. This was tlie case when Mr. Parkes and others went out at the solicitation of Large. A large-sized stone, which fell in the ordinary way, struck a child on the side of the face, but left no mark, nor did the child seem to take auy notice of the blow. We understand that Large has determined to remove his family from the place. . Later news states that thc mysterious stone-throwing at Large's farm is still going on. On Monday last a report came into town that no less than 24 stones dropped on the premises on that day, tlie parents being from home ; the children, who had been left in charge, made otf to the house of a neighbour named M'Cann and informed him of the occurrence. He at once proceeded to Large's farm and reports the above having taken place. Hundreds of ' people have visited the place, and affirm ยก the fact of the stones falling, but where i they come from is a mystery that remains unsolved. 