To Call Her Mine. | By 'Walter Besant.] Author of 44 All Sorts and Conditions of Men' ' The Revolt of Jfau.' ' Dorothy Forstcr' ?' Children of Gibeon ,' if-c. Chapter XVIII.— THE ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. Perhaps the eliief advantage of being a journalist is that you are expected to write upon every conceivable subject, and must consequent ly, whether you are a person of curi osity and ardent in research or not, be continually acquiring new knowledge, and always storing up freshly-acquired facts. No one, therefore, is so wise a6 an aged jour nalist—the older he wiser — until there comes a time when his memory begins to fail. After that, he can sit at the dinner-table and talk as ignorantly as his neigh bours. As for me, I am every day hunting up something or other to illustrate and explain the startling telegram which never fails to arrive once a day. I have travelled— in a library — with this obiect over tin? whnla f«r-A -if the lmhit. | able globe. I think 1 know every island in the Pacific and every other ocean, its discovery, its early and its later history. The whole course of human history is at my fingers' ends, because I know exactly what volumes, oh what shelves, contain what I want. * The whole circle of the sciences is known to me— that is to say, I know where to look for a popular account of each, and where to find illustrations and anecdotes. The social life of every coun try is familiar to me, from the Court to the cottage, be cause I know where the books about it can be found ; in fact, I am the Admirable Crichtou of the day. I would not proclaim my own virtues so loudly were it not* that, first, we do not get the credit due to us — the novelists, poets, and dramatists running off with all the glory ; and, secondly, that it was entirely due to my pro fessional versatility that the Reign of Terror which King David Jiad established at Gratnor was swept aside, ana King David himself dethroned ; and this, too, in a most surprising and unexpected manner.} One would not, at first sight, be inclined to connect the fortunes of Mary Nethercote with the Royal Geographical Society. Yet— but you shall hear. It was heard in the office of the paper which has been fortunate enough to secure my services, that there was to be held a special meeting, on an evening early m October, of tlie (Royal Geographical Society, in order to hear a paper read by a German traveller recently arrived in Europe after a lengthened stay iu the South'Sea Islands. Reader ! you have perused the first two chapters of this history, and with your unerring sagacitv you divine the rest. Nevertheless, I will tell it in order, though more briefly than if you had not already partly anticipated the reading of that paper. I was instructed to write a leading article upon this paper. The inexperienced person would have procured a ticket, attended the meeting, made notes, and rushed away at 10 o'clock in order to write his articlc before midnight. For myself, I employed means, which it is not necessary to describe— though, perhaps, tlicy were immoral— in order to procure a private view of that paper before it was read in public. Consequently, with the help of a certain work of which I knew, and the presence of the map to keep one from going geographically or longitudinally wrong, I produced a leading article which gratified mv chief and pleased the public. The paper read before' the society was on the people, the resources, and the natural history of that interesting island called New Ireland, of which i had never heard before. I took the precaution, after writ in'- it, of attending the meeting; not that I wanted to hear tLe paper and the discussion, because I hate papers and dis cussions, but because I wished to be certain that the meeting really came off, and to be able to add any little detail as to the proceedings. A dreadful thing once happened to an unhappy critic who described a concert from .the programme alone, with out going to hear it. Most unhappily he permitted himself to make certain strictures upon tlie performers. I say most unhappily because— a thing he could never have foreseen— that conccrt was at the last moment unavoidably postponed, an accident which led to his connection with the paper being severed. Therefore, I repaired to the theatie of the London University and took a back seat high up in order to witness the proceedings. I do not remembt r to have heard it observed by anyone, but it is a remark able fact that, if you sit high up and look down upon the heads of the attendant Fellows of the Geographical Society beneath, you become presently aware that they have all gone bald at the top— not, I believe, so much from age as from a geographical sympathy with the North Pole. At the hour of 8 the chairman entered with his can. nve traveller. The latter, certainly one of the tallest and finest men I have ever beheld, took his place in front of his maps, and began, after the usual introduction, to read his paper, Of course, I knew it all beforehand, and could look like the governess who takes the girls to a lecture on astronomy as if that and all other sciences were equally familiar to me ; yet it was more interesting spoken by this tall Ger man -his name was Baron Sergius Von Holsten - than read from the proofs. He spoke very good English, and as he went on added many new details to tho«e he had ! originally set down. He had Jived, it seemed, for many years among the natives of New Ireland, although thoV are omnibals and of great ferocity. In order to qualif'v for this dangerous enterprise he had first learned their language. Then he had himself conveyed to the shores won the confidence of the people by some skill or secret knowledge, and stayed until lie had acquired all tho information upon them and upon their island that could be obtained. And he had the good luck to be taken off at last in safety by a ship that touched upon these inhosDit able shores. After the paper was read the usual irrepressible ner» sons got up and began to discuss. At this point I retired to add a few things to°iny article and hand it in I then repaired to the Savage Club, which at 11 o'clock beeins to be a cheerful place. Here I found, in fact, an animated circle, and among them my friend of the k. G. S thd Baron Sergius Von Holsten, who had been brought by one of the members. J It is always interesting to meet with men who have been on desert islands, or lived among cannibals, or travelled in those regions—now so few -where Messrs. Cook and Sons have no agents and there are no hotels. It is enoutrh f7r some people only to gazo upon such a man. For our nart at the Savage, we found the Baron not only an intoreftine person and as well-informed as a leader- wViter, but also! singularly amusing- companion, and brimful of anecdotes and 6tones of all kinds, which he seemed delighted to produce lor our benefit ue took his tobacco verf kindly and had a quite pathetic affcction-secing how* lone he must have been depnved of it-for whisk^and Apa&iS;! aris. Perhaps, however, he wished to emphasise the 'It™*? 'T*™1' bet™*n Great Britain and GermaL by coimtiies ' Importari,: drink8 produced in thetwo We talked till late. At about 3 in the morning, when we had gone half- round the world with him, and tbe n nt- L v!- i, Ji0Ug i ^ 4Hrou Lis twelfth tumbler— a man so big had surely the right to fill up three times to any £ stoi^ ' °nCe toId 116 a ver-v tino«Jar and euipris^ H ^ otlly European on the island all the time, he said. lor six nienths or so he had a comnank® in the enape of a poor devil-au Englishman- wlio hid lean washed ashoro upon a piece of timber, the only oie 6) far a .= he Lnew. who survived the vieck of theshiu* ihe natives were £ou:g to spear this human jetsam, when ^ kiiu, and continued to urolect h m until he was abje to get him off tho island in a vessel whiih 'Tf a-bkcMnnteg. 'j This fellow,' 6l-il the S, was the most intolerable creature in existence. Eariiir in his existence he .had committed murder, and durSft^ whole ot his stay on the island he was suffering agonies of lemorse. All day long he wept and groaned, and was afraid to leave me for fear of being 'speared — in fact, the young men took a pleasure in pretending to point their spears at him. observing the intensity of his terror. At night he would not sleep at a distance of more than a foot or so from me for fear. And he was always visited 1 every night by the ghost of the respectable uncle whom he [ had slain.' ' Did you see the ghost ?' 'No; nor did I hear its voice. Yet it spent th« best p.irt ef the nipht in abusing the poor man, and hs in | answering it with prayers and protestations. As for re- j vcnge, 1 suppose no otlmr murdered man ever took so much out of his murderer. Well ; it was tedious. At length my Englishman declared that lie desired nothing so much as to get|awav from the island and give himself up to justice. If he could only make his way to Australia and then get a passage to England, he would give himself up and confess the whole truth.' 'A lively companion !' 'Yes. But to look at him you would think him a dull, heavy fellow, who Eoemed to have no spirit for such a desperate deed. Well, I got him away at length, and was left happy at last and alone. Before ho went, how ever, I wrote 'down at his request a statement of the raur A lecture before the Royal Geographical Society.— Chaptee XVIIi. — To Call Hee Mine. ?ii: der — a confession, in fact, which he and I witnessed. I 1a ; warned him that I should make any use of it that I thought lit. As yet I have done nothing with it, and as I dare * t-av he is dead by this time, I do not see why I should not ' tear it up. Here it is, towever, written in my old notebook.' He took it out of his pocket— a thick leather notebook, 6ta fled full of the notes which he hid made during his re 6idenoe in the place— and began to read. 'It David Leighan, farmer, of the parish of Challa ' coinbe-bv- the-Moor ? ' I'- «? Hallo !' I cried, ' I know that man. There is only one f ! David Leighan, and only one Challicombe.'^ «? Has he kept bis promise and come home ?' ft 44 Yes. He came home three months ago.' | ' So. He is doubtless hanged byjhis time ?' |v «» Why should he be hanged?' p « For the murder which he confessed in this document. V' He was to give himself up to the police and confess and take L the consequences.' - J ' But he has not murdered anyone; at least he has not ] ?/ confessed.' _ I ' He murdered his uncle, one Daniel Leighan, of the I, same parish. If he has not confessed, I must put these 5:'. papers in the hands of justice.' r;- 41 Why, his uncle is alive still 'What could he mean by I confessing P' ' ' Then David must have been mad. In which case it seems a pity that I took so much trouble to save him from the stewpans. But here is his confession, and, if it is a work of fiction, all I can say is that David is a master of that art.' 4; May I read the confession:' He handed me the notebook, and I read it through. You, gentle reader, have already had that advantage. ***** When I had read th« paper through I understood every thing. I understood why he came to the churchyard in order to s«e the grave of 'his victim; why he was so care less about his rags ; why he was seized with that queer hysterical fit ; why he was so moody and sullen; what it was that he took out of the hiding- place at Grimspound; what he was doing with the old man. Everything became clear; and one thing clearer than any other— that liis uncle must be saved from him. 'Herr Baron.' I said, ' I must take you, if you please, all the way from London to Challacombe-by-the-Moor. You must stand before David with this document in your hand, nnd prove that he is a murderer in intent and a robber in fact.' ? CiiArrEU XIX.— THE LAST APPEAL. When the harvest was over — it is later up among the hills than in the lowlands below— and the grain was in gathered, and the work of the year completed, George began to make his arrangements. He had received the formal notice and a six-months' grace in which to find the money. There was no longer any doubt possible that he mu6t leave Sidcote. He had now made it all out in his own mind. rl here would be enough money from the har vest to pay the half-year's interest ; the land would be foreclosed ; and the sale of his stock, farm implements, furniture, and everything would leave him with a few hundreds to begin the world again. He would go to Tas mania. It seemed, from the books he read, the kind of countrv where a man might buy a small farm and live upon tlie fruit of his own labour. 4i Let us,' said Mary, 44 make one last appeal to my uncle. We will go together, George. Perhaps he may relent even at the last.' They made that appeal at an unfortunate time. To begin with, it was in the morning, when David was still with his uncle ; and, in the second place, it was a morning when David had been abusing his position. The redemp tion value of the coupon, in fact, was at a preposterous figure, and the poor old man, torn by the desire to get back his property, and by rage at the terrible ransom imposed upon it, was rapidly arriving at the condition in which his nephew loved to see him, when he lost bis self -command, I and in turns grovelled, wept, protested; implored, cursed, and tried to bribe his nephew. It is well to draw a veil over this picture of sordid and ignoble revenge ; of old age dragged in the dugt of self-abasement ; of baffled avarice and' of ruthless malice. There had been a battle-royal, and David, as usual, was the victor. No mere physical suffer ing would have caused Daniel Leighan more cruel torture than this daily bargain over his own property ; no medieval poet could, have invented a more crafty and complete re venge. And outside, Arcady, with its hanging woods glorious in the autumn sun. its streams hurrying downward under the trailing branches with thoir red and yellow leaves of the bramble and the scarlet berries of the moun tain ash, and the calm silent mountains of Hey Tor and Blackdown across the combe ; the peaceful farmyard, with the familiar sounds ot contented creatures enjoying life: the dog sleeping before the kennel and the cat sleeping I in the sun- warmed norch, and the water of the leet musically dropping, dropping for ever, over the great wheel. In sweet Arcady man's evil passions should be stilled, otherwise the joy and gladness of Arcady are banished, and it ceases to be that sweet aud that happy land. When they opened the door they found the old man trembling and shaking with the passious of impotence and rage. His face, livid and distorted, with haggard eyes, was turned upwards in an agony of entreaty, to meet David's. There was no passion in that faee, nor any emotion except a calm and sober satisfaction, which might even have been holy gratitude, for David's heavy face was hard to read. He stood over his uncle's chair, dominating him, with a bundie of papers in his hand, regardless alike of prayers or imprecations. ' W ait a minute, George,' he said. 'We have just finished our business, and a most pleasant half-hour we have spent to be sure. Now, uncle — it is always pleasant, as everybody knows, to do business with my uncle — steady, I say, or you will have a fit - now, is it a deal, or shall I put this little packet into the lire ? Quick ! take it or leave it. That's my figure !' 44 I'll take it— oh, I'll take it !' David laid the papers on the table instantly and made a note in a pocketbook. ' Pity;' be said, ' that you would not come lo terms sooner. You'd have spared yourself a great deal of trouble and time. But there, you always would have your way, and you enjoy beating a man down, don't you r' His uncle did not look exactly as if he had enjoyed the last attempt. ?' Now I've done, George.' Although he had finished his business, David did not | retire, but took a seat— Mary's seat— iu the window — pre- i pared to listen, and with the appearance of one interested' in ! what was coming. J 'What do you want, George?' Mr. Leighan asked, impatiently. ' Why do you come here while I am busy, Mary V I'm not so strong as I was, and David made me angry. Wait a moment. David said something that angered me. Wait a moment. He doesn't mean to anger me — no — no— bui he docs sometimes.' He covcred his face with his hands. Presently the trembling left him, and he recovered. 'Now,' he said, with a show of briskness, 'I am better again. What is it, George^? If it is business, have you come to propose anything? You have got your legal notice, 1 believe? Yes. Then you know the condi tions of the law, which I didn't make, lt is the same for me as for you. Pay me any other way and keeB your land. If in no other way, I shali have your land. Is that sense or is it not r' 41 Hard common-sense,' said George. So it is.' said David. '? It's always hard common sense when he takes another man'6 land.' 44 Well, uncle, I have got nothing to say on that score.' 4 ' I am sorry for you, George,' the old man went on: yet his face expressed a certain satisfaction. 44 Nobody will blame you, I'm sure, or me either, for that matter, and when your poor father borrowed the money the land, was worth three times as much as it is now, so that nobody will blame him. Take a glass of brandyand water, George. I don't expect ever to get the value of my money back. So we're all losers by the hard times.' 44 He never offered me any brandy-and-water,' said David. But no one took any notice of the remark, which showed jealousy. '' I shall want a tenant, George,' the old man went on, 'and we will not quarrel about the rent. Ea6y terms you shall have — oh ! I shall not be hard with your father's son — and when you've got your head well above water again, we will consider about you. and Mary. Don't think I shall be hard upon you.' 44 No,' Baid George, ' I am going to emigrate.' ' To foreign lands, George?— to foreign lands °r Has it come to that? Dear — dear !' Mr. Leiglian belonged to the generation which regarded emigration as the worst and las of evils. ' I am going to Tasmania.' 44 Tut, tut; this is very bad. To foreign lands! David went to foreign lands, and see how he came home. Georee, vou had better stay at Sidcote and be my tenant.' 4 ' No,' said George, shortly. 'Well; the long and the ( Continued on page 300.) short oE it is that we are here to-day — Mary and I— to ask your consent to our marriage.' ' No, George, I shall not conscnt. What ! let Mary marry a man who hag lost his own land and is going to foreign lands V Certainly not — not on any account !' ' When your sister left Mary all her fortune ? ' ' It was mine by rights. I made it for her.' ' She put in the clausc about your consent to protect her. You know, as well as I. that she herself would never objcct to me for Mary's husband.' 'She bepan with a thousand pounds. By my advice s-he made it into sis thousand pounds. Do you mean lo tell me that 1 am to have no voice in the disposal of all this money ?' ''This kind of talk will not lielp anybody. 'Well; I have had my answer, 1 suppose. Maiy, dear, it is for you to choose between vour uncle and nie.' ' I have chosen, George, you know well. Uncle, you will have to give that money to David or to me. Here is David, and here am I. To which of us will you give it r' ' Suppose, Mary,' David interposed, ' suppose there wag a secret arrangement — 1 don'c say there is, but sup pose there was — between your uncle and me. Suppose that 1 was to sell mv chance for so much down, and he was to beep tho rest.' ' Uncle, you would not— you could not — do such a thing,' Mary cried. ' Suppose, I say — ' David went on — ' that arrange ment was to exist. Then, you see, George and Mary ' — David put the thing in his slow and deliberate manner, so as to bring out the full meaning of the transaction — 'you see that if you don't marry without his consent, he will lose the money he' 6 got to pay me : but if he does not pay me i that money before you get married, he will have to pay me the whole afterwaids. Therefore, he naturally wants you to marry without his consent. You are going to play his game for him.' i At this unexpected blow, Daniel was covered with confusion. 'When two people make such a treaty, secrecy is the very essence of it ; 'and for one of the parties con cerned to blurt out the truth is, in a sense, a breach of contract. The old man actually turned red — at seventy he had still the grace to blush* at being found out in a shameful job — and hung his head, but he could not speak. ' Oh, you have speculated on our marrying without your consent ! You have actually bought David's chance, and now you want us to marry, so that you may keep the whole to yourself !' ' Not the whole,' said David. ' What will be left after he has bought me out.' ' Mary,' her uncle replied, evading the question, which was not right. 'Mary' — his voice was feeble and he trembled — 'why do you want to get married yet? Stay with me. Let George stay at Sidcote and be my tenant : and I will consider— I wiil consider. Besides, think, Mary ; I am an old man now, and you will have all my money and all my land when I die.' ' Have you bought up David so that you may keep the money as long as you please, by always refusing your con front? Answer that,' said George, hotly. 'I shall answer nothing,' Daniel replied, angrily — 'nothing — nothing! You have come here and asked for my consent to your marriage. Very we/1; I refuse it. Now, you can go.' 'Mary,' said George, ' it is no longer possible to leave you in this house. Your uncle has deliberately set himself to rob you. Come with me, dear. My mother will take care of you till we are married.' Maiy hesitated. '*Go, Mary, put on your hat, and come with me. As for you, Daniel Leighan,' he waited till Maiy had left the room, ' we leave you alone. Nothing worse can happen you. When you have no longer Mnvy U- provide, beforehand, ] all your wants — when you are* alone all the day and all the evening, you will then rciueniber what you have thrown away. Oh ! you are seventy years of age, and you are rich already, and you rob your sister's daughter in order, for a year or two, to call yourself richer still !' The old man crouched among his pillows and made no answer. Mary was leaving- him. But if she stayed he must give his consent, and then he would lose that land. So he made no answer. Ten minutes later Mary returned; carrying a small bag in her hand. ' I havo come to say pood -bye, uncle.' Her eyes were full of tears. ' I knew that I must choose between George and you. I knew that you would refuse because George could save his land if he had my money, and I Knew that your heart was set upon getting his land. But I did not know— i h ! I could not guess — that you had planned this wicked thing to get my fortune as well as George's land. Everything that I have is yours : but I suppose you will let me have my clothes us wages for six years' work ? Come, George.' ' You will go— and leave me— all alone, Mary r' ' I am here still, uncle,'' said David. ' I will come and stay here — I will be with you all day long and every evening. Not alone ; you i-till have nie. We shall have a roaring time now that Mary has gone. We will bargain all day long.' The old man looked up and saw his enemy before him with exulting '.eyes, and the room empty, save for those two ; and he Ehrieked aloud with terror. David with him always ! 'Mary!' he cried, while yet her soft footsteps, gone for ever, echoed still about the quiet honse. 'Mary!' But it was too late. 41 Come back, Mary ! Don't leave me — don't leave me! and you shall marry whom you please! Mary, Mary ! I give you my consent. Mary, comeback!'' She was gone, and there was no answer. Then he turned his face into the pillows and moaned and wept. Even David had not the heart to iiwi-k him in this first moment of bis self-reproaeb and dark foreboding of tenor and trouble to come. (To be continued. 