Oddities in Wills Simple a matter ?3 it really is, IawyerBhavc not always bsen auo-oesBtul in drawing their own,will?. Lord St. Lsonards, Uigh Chan cellor ol England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the mo3t eminent chauccry lawyer in Enghnd, r.nd who, with a cumber of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his owa will, and it required an expansive lawsuit and a decision of a court o£ chnncery to give it pro per eflect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord Hiph Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances.) There hare been devises to animals or lor theit beaefit.whioh have been valid to cats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un frcquently peoplo have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and eometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has Eeror?l items of that kind —for instance: " I give nothing to my Lord S.vyo, and I do make this legaoy willingly because 1 know that ho will faithtully dis charge it unto the poor. Item—l give.up the ghost," Lsrd Bacon had no property to leave, but ho lift a regular executed will, in which ho bcqueatlftd his name and memory '?' to men's charitable speeches, to foreipn nations and tho usxl Saakespeave loft an elaborate .will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the ShaUspcareans not a little. " 1 vivo unto my wi'o my second boat bed, .vith the furniture. , ' Why did ho only give Ann Hathaway hia second best, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. lord Ndson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to hi* king and country, but neither king nor country accepted (he legacy, nitd they both caruo to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject Xjoverly. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretch nama.l Ch&tilton;, who had at tempted to assft?Binate Wellington. The will of It-ibslaia has this clause: "I owb a groat desl; the rest I give to the poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to ace tlio great Perhaps." A famous French abbe hid thi3 pithy cI:\UBQ in hie will: "To my Btowfird I l?avo nothing, because ho has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all his proporty.to hia wife, with tha proviso that it she marries again eho is to have only what thola'.v allows her. t have drawn a number of such wills. (fov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat hig wife bo. Ha had married very lato in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, ofK>anoke, a woman much younger than himself, and with whom ho lived very happily. Ho bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case sha married again tho income should ba doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative will—that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may be dis posed cf, bat you, beinga civilian, must make yours in writing. It don'c matter much what tho writing is on—it may bo on ? elate, or a table top, or even a will, though it is advisable that it i 3 advisable that it should bo on paper or parchment. You may write ifc and sign your nntno in pencil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it ink". You n;ay make your will in Chootaw, if you happen to undorstand that languagn, or it may, as Humlet cay*: "bo writ in the choic est Italian , '; you may write it in shorthand, or in nbreviations, or in cipher, fo long as you leave tlio key behind you. Courts aro not martinets as to tlio epellinpr, and if your orthography h not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can mako it out. If yoa wieh to drop into poetry, even that is permit ted, aa the following oaso of a valid will shows: I ,','ivo nnd bequeath, When I'm Ir.id underneath, To tny loving fiisteremost dear, Tho wholu of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God'd goodness has granted tome* And thit none may prevent This, ray will and intent, Or occasion tho least of law racket, With a solemn oppeal, I confirm sign and eaal, This, the true net and deed of Will Jacket. It secius strange that in co small a coun try S3 Knsrlnud, and oiie which has been ci?i liKcd so long, thew should be found any new l'tauu at thidlatc day; yetaspecics of lichen, luthcr'.o unknown .0 cc,;:ir in Britain, wao rticntly discovered in Westmoreland. C'ali c:uai losKidiuui 13 it 3 Botanical name.j A French 'physiologist has ascertained thy. v t :y {i.'ii'juuuacx.tuc'.s may fco abtain?d ? , !1 fv'" 1 - rauabrcuing, by treating them v::.i c'.'irtoforin or vurioua uthers. He cnl!3 tht-'c voi.-cn*. cryptomaincJ. To their pre £i:s.'e in ay be attributed fhofatalcfficUwhich saii'.ojimci rc.-ulc from eating faagi which are ctuinarjly p.;rkeilv wholesome. 