Turf Talk. Racing men should not overlook the following items, irhich will require their attention during the current week : The Liverpool handicaps close on Friday at 8 p.m. and the Ivanhoe handicaps on Saturday evening ; nominations for the Royal Stakes and Queen's Birthday Cup, in con nection with tlie coining meeting of the Sydney Turf Club, take place on ?Wednesday ; and on Thursday the nomina tions for the A. J. C. Richmond Stakes and December Stakes, 1887 ; Champagne Stakes, Derby, and Oaks, 1888; St. Leger First Foals, Sires' Produce Stakes, and Second Foul Stakes. 1889: and Sires' Produce Stakes, 1891 (nomination of sires). The entries for these events close at 4 p.m. with the secretaiy of the A. J. C., Sydney, or the V. R. C., Melbourne. Ron-acceptors for the Opening Handicap, Bracelet, and six-furlong Flutter of the Dubbo Jockey Club Meeting on the 20th instant must declare on Monday, and non- acceptors for the Flying Handicap and the Newmarket Handicap must declare before 10 a.m. on Thursday. The weights for the handicaps in connection with the following race meetings will be declared during the current week: — Friday, Wrrreu; Saturday, Bourke and Murray Hut; and Tuesday, Liverpool. The racing fixtures to come off during the week are the fourteenth meeting of the Sydney Driving Park Club at Moore Park to-day (Friday) ; the Steeplechase Day of the A. J. C. Autumn Meeting at Randwick on Saturday; Canterbury Park Races on Tuesday, and Moulamein on the same date; the Dubbo Jockey Club hold their annual reunion on 'Wednesday and Thursday ; the Moonee Valley (Vic.) races take place on Thursday, and a two days' meeting commences on Thursday in connection with the 'Warialda Jockey Club. Among the racing fixtures for the coming - month is the annual two days' meeting of the Cobar Turf Club on the 24th (Queen's Birthday) and 25th, when the leading prizes will be the Turf Club Handicap of 40 sovs. and a handicap of 25 sovs. The date of the Macquarie picnic races has been fixed for the 19th instant. The Coonamble Jockey Club have decided on their pro gramme for the annual meeting on May 24 and 25. The fee for bookmakers to the saddling-paddock has been fixed at one guinea. A trotting match in two heats and a final took place on Easter Monday in connection with the Goulburn Coursing Club Meeting on the local racecourse. Mr. G. Toilet's Surprise won after a good race. Tryo has been scratched for the Park Stakes, and Eu roclydon out of the Ladies' Mile, in connection with the Canterbury Park races to come off on tho 19th instant. The heavy downpour of rain which took place on Wednes day morning completely flooded the Canterbury Park race course, land consequently the race meeting that was fixed for on Wednesday had to be postponed for a week. The wea ther certainly does not favour the Canterbury Park fixtures, as the same thing occurred at the March meeting. The annual meeting of the members of Tattersall's Club was held in the clubroom, Pitt-street, on Wednesday, when the report and balance-sheet for the period under review was submitted. The report, which was most satisfactory, referred to the increased amount of money given as prizes at the race meetings held under the auspices of the club, and recommended even further liberality in that direction. The balance-sheet showed that the finanoial condition of the institution was most prosperous, and that the sum of £9900 has been , placed at fixed deposit at the Bank ot New South Wales. The death of two old members of the club, the late Messrs. C. C. Rush and Ly&U; Scott, was regret fully alluded to. The committee recommended that the sum of £100 be voted from the club funds towards the relief of the sufferers by the Bulli explosion. The report was received and adopted. The following members were elected as officers for the current year :— Chairman, Mr. J, B. Olliffe (re-elected) ; treasurer, Mr. C. C. Skarratt (re-elected); committee, Messrs. W. Gannon (re-elected), S. Ackoian (re-elected), P. J. Hourigan (re- elected), and W. Bargan. Messrs. W. F. Longfield and Fred. R. Isler were re- elected as auditors. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. It is stated on good authority that the well-known New Zealand sportsman, the Hon. W. Robinson, intends to bring a numerous string to Australia to compote in the A. J. C. and V. R. C. meetings during the next racing season. Pursuant to an advertisement, a meeting of a numbeyif gentlemen interested in hunting was held at the Metropo litan Hotel, King-street, on Tuesday evening last, when Mr. Edward Terry, the master of the Cumberland Hunt Club presided. Mr. Terry explained that the committee of the Cumberland Hunt Club not being altogether satisfied with the results of last year, and feeling that a new club could be established on a better basis, had suggested to him that were such a club established the Cumberland Hunt Club would hand oyer gratis its property. He thought from the promises of support he had received that a club could now be successfully formed, and with that view he had called the meeting. A resolution was moved by Mr. Waldron, seconded by Mr. Cope, and carried unanimously, — ' That a hunt club be formed, to be called the ' Sydney Hunt Club ; '' and a motion was also carried for fixe appointment of a com mittee, consisting of Messrs. Terry. John Bennett, Barton, Cope, King, Fuller, Oaks, and Waldron, to draw up a code of rules for the regulation of the club, such code to be submitted to a general meeting to be held on Monday, 25th instant, at the George Hotel, corner of Market and Pitt streets. In the general discussion which followed it transpired that the dub could start with 24 hounds, which have been kennelled since last winter under the care of Tom LUckie, the huntsman of the Cumberland pack, and are in first-rate running order ; also that there were a lot of puppies coming on v.hich, with recent importations by Mr. Terry, from Tasmania, would provide an excellent pack, for future seasons. It was said, too, that Mr. Leslie Oakcs, who was unavoidably absent from the meeting, was pre pared to give the club suitable grounds near Parramatta for kennels. His Excellency Lord Carrington has inti mated that he will give his support to the club. Mr. T. Brown, the Hon. W. A. Long's trainer, has sus tained a severe bereavement by the death of his wife, who was interred yesterday. A great number of sporting men paid the last tribute of respect to the deceased. A good deal of dissatisfaction was caused at the German con races on Tuesday last, in connection with the Hurdle Race. It appears that Omadhaun, Jokes, and Ten Brook were the only acceptors, and a considerable lot of money had been invested in doubles, at long prices, for the Han dicap and Hurdles, for which the names of Omadhaun and Dagor. were coupled. Within the half-hour before the Hurdle Race the pen was put through the name of Omadhaun, an incident that met with great disapprobation from the backers of tho favourite hurdleracer. During the race Jokes ran off the course, and was out of it, but owing to some suspicious circumstances that occurred, the stewards took it upon themselves to declare all bets off, and at a meeting cf that body after the races they decided to disqualify the horse Jokes and his owner and rider, M'Len nan, for 12 months. It was also intimated that the running of Ten Brook would undergo a further investigation. Re ferring to the matter the Border Font says : — ' It appears that the stewards have no power to declare bete off ; but if they should decide nat to award the stakes to Ten Brook the backers of the grey will not have much chance of being paid.' The annual sale of racehorses by Mr. T. S. Clibborn will be held at Fennelly's Bazaar, Pitt- street, on Monday, April 18, when the whole of Mr. H. E. Lord's stud will bo submitted to public competition, besides several thorough breds, the property oi the Hon. W. A. Long, Mir. John Lee, and others. The imported thoroughbred colt Clayton, recently pur chased by Mr. F. H. Smith, of Grafton, for stud purposes, should greatly improve the breed of horses in the Clarence River district, as he has a grand pedigree. Clayton is by the famous English sire, Rosicrucian, out of Lucretia by Yoltigeur, out of Village Maid, by Stockwell out of Minx (own sister to Melbourne), by Humphrey Clinker out of Morpeth's dam, by Cervantes out of mare by Golumpus, out of the Paynator laarefeister to Zodiac). Rosicrucian is by Beadsman (son of Weatherbit and Mendicant) out of Madame Eglantine, by Cowl out of Diversion, by Depner out of Folly by Middleton. Having the stout blood of Weatherbit on tho sire's side, and that of Yoltigcur, Stockwell, and Melbourne from the dam, Clayton ought to be one of the best sires in the colony. It is understood that Tomboy, the speedy son of Wilber force, will soon re-enter the racing arena, as he has been jSUt to work recently at Duckenfield Park. The following race meetings have been registered with the secretary of the A. J. C. : — Cobar Turf Club, Miners' Race meeting (Forest Reefs), and Adeloug Crossing. A good deal of the settling over the first two days of the A. J. C. Autumn meeting was effected at Tattersall's ou Tuesday, and everything passed off satisfactorily. The committee of the Rosehill Racing Club have deemed it advisable to postpone the meeting in aid of the Bulli Disaster Fund from the 19th instant to Saturday, May 7. The time tor receiving entries for the various events has also been extended to the 2nd proximo, and the weights are promised three days later. The gates for the coining Dubbo races were sold ou Mon day, realising £76, and £36 for the saddling-paddock. A successful meeting is anticipated. The Bowna (near Albury) annual races took place on Mon day. The weather was fine and the attendance good . The fol - lowing are the results : — Maiden Plate, once round : Sandal, 8st. 41b., 1; iEolus, 6st. 81b., 2; Waterman, 6st. 111b., 3. Five started. Won by three lengths. Bowna Handicap, 1| mile: Postboy, 7st., 1; Ambition, 7st. 21b., 2; Joy, 6st. 101b., 3. Pearly, 6st. 12lb., also started. Won by three lengths. Selling Race, f-niile: Chance, 8st. 131b., 1 ; Talgarno, 8st. 111b., 2 ; Mabel, 7st. 81b., 3. Won easily. Hack Race, f-milo, lOst. up : Sportsman 1, Three Half Crowns 2, Watertight 3. . Won by three lengths. Flying Handicap, J-mile : Anwob, 7st. 21b., 1 ; Hallowe'en, 7st. 81b., 2; Bijou, 7st., 3. Won by two lengths. Six started. Ladies' Bracelet, onee round, lOst. up : Moscow 1, Anwob 2, Postboy 3. Won by two lengths. Six started. The Lithgow races took place on Monday. Tlie weather was unpropitious, and the attendance was moderate. Opening Handicap : Gatnett 1, Lifeboat 2, Lithgow 3. Rosebud, Buttercup, and Martini Luther also started. Public Auction Stakes : Cricket and. Fishwife dead heat, Blen heim 3. Trooper also started. Easter Gift: Cerise and Gold 1, Terminus 2, Morning Star 3. Buttercup also started. Champagne Stakes : Fishwife 1, Garnett 2, Cerise and Gold 3. Buttercup and Rosebud also started. Forced Handicap : Terminus 1, Crieket 2, Buttercup 3. At the Qnkaparinga (Adelaide) races on Monday there was a very large attendance. The racing was good. The totalisator was used by the club in the enclosure ; £3200 passed through the machine, but there were no large divi dends. The scratching of Banker and Topthorn on the course upset all the Hurdle and Steeplechase doubles. The following are the results: — Hurdles: Speculation 1, Rifleman 3, Tamanac 3. Canute and Student also started. Won by four lengths. Maiden Plate : Dis covery 1, Wentworth 2, Harangue 3. Nine ran. Won by alength. A good third. Cup: Satyr 1, Nicholas 2, Exile 3. Topthorn, Mirage, aud Merry Duchess also ran. Won by a head. Steeplechase: Swordfish 1, Hyperna 2, Demon 3. The other starters were Brown Eagle, Banker, Maud, Robin Hood, Alhambra, Victor, and Scamp. Won easily by three lengths. Maud and Banker fell. Railway Stakes- Perhaps 1, Lacrosse 2, Norman 3. Six ran. Won by a head. Amateur Steeplechase : Maud 1, Pearl 2, Sir Bevys 3. Five ran. Won easily. Selling Race : Baron 1, Dutchman 2, Glengarry 3. Seven started. Won easily. The Williamstown Racing Club held a meetingonMonday, which was largely attended. The following arc the re sults Hurdle Race, 1^ mile: Moolgai 1, Plaudit 2, Rocket 3. Aristides, Sweetmeat, and Courage also started. Won by a length. Time, . 3 minutes 2 seconds. Maiden Plate, 5 furlongs: The Forsaken 1, Maude 2, Kitty Fisher 3\. Chronograph, Harbinger, The Dreamer, Prattler, Lord Carrington, and Bugler also started. Won by half a length. Time, 1 minute 6 seconds. Altone Handicap, 6 furlongs; Achmct 1, St. Michael 2, Julian Grey 3. Beeswing, The Ghost, Dufferin, Childe Harold, Gas burner, Damocles, and Agatha were the other starters. Won by three-quarters of a length. Time, 1 minute 21 seconds. Selling Race, 4£ furlongs : Stafford 1, Sorcerer 2, Bar One 3. Delamia and Newtown also ran. Won by three lengths. Time, 59 seconds. Steeplechase, 2 miles: Marquis of Waterford 1, Tandstickor 2, Stag 3. Shamrock was the only other starter. Won by three lengths. Time, 4 minutes 33 seconds. Seaford Handicap, 5 furlongs : Kitty Fisher 1, Sorcerer 2, William Tell 3. The following also started : — Umbra, New Fashion, Achmet, Clitoris, Damo oles, Forsaken, Flash of Lightning, and Minnie Grey. Won by a nock. Time, 1 minute 6 seconds. The following are the result of the Barmcdman races on the second day Handicap : Peter 1, Wexford 2. Brace let : Little John 1, Josephine 2. The course was one 6hcet of water, knee deep, and the colours of the horses could . not be distinguished through mud splashed on them. No ? accident occurred. The Clarendon (near Gundagai) annual races came off on Monday. The attendance was not large, owing to the wet weather. The racing on the whole was good. The following are the results :— Maiden Plate, 1£ mile : Bar rister 1, Romance 2. Four others started. Selling Race, , once round the course : Mr. E. Seymour's Rival I, Smah Trade 2, Mr. Hawthorn's Victor 3. Clarendon Handicap, l£ mile : Mr. W. J. Hawthorn's Hope, 8st- 91b., 1 ; Mr. G. Vincent's Duchess, 8st. 51b., 2; Mr. R. Hueston's Wexford, lOst., 3. A good race. Ladies' Bracelet, 1 mile : Whalebone 1, Little Jimmy 2, Small Grade 3. Easter Gift, 1 mile and a distance : Mr. R. Hueston's Wexford, lOst. 21b., 1 , Mr. G. Vincent's Duchess, 8st. 71b., 2 ; Mr. E. Beaver's 'Whalebone, 7st. 91b., 3. Flying Handicap, f-mile : Native Cat 1, Wexford 2, Sundown 3. The Elsternwick Park Races were very fairly attended on Saturday. The fields were small, hut the racing was interesting throughout. Maiden Trot, 2 miles: Charcoal 1, Monitor 2, Walter Scott 3. Town Time and Manhatton also started. Won easily. Time, 6 minutes ~t\ seconds. Hurdle Race, I mile and 5 furlongs : Moolgai 1, Spartan 2, Plaudit 3. Ava, Trooper, and Yellow Hammer also ran. Won by a length and a half. Time, 3 minutes 12£ seconds. Easter Handicap, 5 furlongs : Honopa 1, Munwyrtina 2, Childe Harold 3- Louis II., Hot Iron, and Seaweed were the other starters. 'WrmJay. » neck. Time, 1 minute 5} seconds. ' Steeplechase, I J mile: Misfortune 1, Tandstickor 2 Banker 3. Alteration was the only other starter. Won by two lengths. Time, 3 minutes 54 seconds. Selling Race, 5i furlongs ; St. Michael 1, Bar One 2, Delamia 3. First Pop and Saturn also started. Won by a length. Time, 1 minute 13| seconds. Elsternwick Park Handicap, 1 mile and a furlong and a-half : Bosmond 1, Honeybee 2, Fair Saxon 3. Vasco, All Black, The Ghost, Childe Harold, Mustang, Cat's Eye, and Yellow Hammer also started. Won by two lengths. Time, 2 minutes 8} seconds. The Inverell Picnic Races were held on Wednesday on the Goodwood course, and were a great success. The weather was fine, and the attendance good. The following are the results: — Hurdle Race: Mr. W. Dight's Yidette 1; Mr. G. Craickshank's Cellamar 2. Maiden Plate: Mr. G. Cruickehauk's Gladys 1, Mr. R. Lamotte's Boswell 2, Mr. Cooper's Nimrod 3. Five started. Time, 1 _ minute 51J seconds. Won easily. President's Cup, lj mile : Mr. Cooper's Drummer 1, Mr. Finley's Bay _ Dot 2,_ Mr. Lamotte's Red Lancer 3. Seven started. Time, 2_ minutes 20 seconds. Won by a head. The Guineas, 1 mile : Mr. Cruickshank's Gladys 1, Mr. Borthwick's Erin's Isle 2_. Mr. Finley's Yallaroi 3. Five started. Time, 1 minute 52 seconds. Bracelet: Miss Gordon's Lucifer 1, Mrs. Campbell's Siberian 2, Miss Lamotte's Boswell 3. W on easily. The second day's racing of the Inverell Picnic Race Club was held on Thursday, at Goodwood course, Byron. The attendance was much superior to yesterday's, and rac ing throughout very good. The finishes were close. _ An derson Stakes, over capped hurdles : Mr. Dight's Vidette. Vice-President's Cup, l£ mile : Mr. Cruickshank's Carna tion 1, Mr. Finlay's Bay Dot 2. Won by a head iu 2 minutes 52 seconds. Ladies' Gift, 1 mile : Mr. Bight's Banker 1, Borthwick's Erin's Isle 2. Time, 1 minute 51 seconds. Magnificent race; won on the post. Byron Handicap, 1J mile : Mr. Finlay's Bay Dot 1, Campbell's Siberian 2. Won easily. Goodwood Handicap, £-milo : Mr. Cooper's Albino won after running a dead heat with Sir William. Final Handicap, I mile: Mr. Cruickshank's Gladys 1, Lamotte's Red Lancer 2. Time, vl minute 52 seconds. Good fields started for every race. At tho Rock Races on Monday there was a good attend ance. The following were the results : — Maiden Plate, 1 mile: Mercury, 8st. 111b., 1; Lucy Long, 8st. 12., 2; Misty Morn, 8st. 4lb., 3. Time, 1 minute 55 seconds. Kingston Handicap, 1J mile : Trickett, 7st. Gib., 1 ; Nap, 8st., 2; Creeping Jane, 9st. Gib., 3. Time, 2 minutes 20 seconds. Hack Race, 1 inile, lOst. up: Tipsy Cake +, Governess +, Gipsy Girl 3. + Dead. Heat. The stakes were divided. Firing Handicap, J utile : Lucy Long, 1 ; Trickett, 8st. 121b'., 2; Freedom, 7et. 61b., 3. A good race, won on the post, 'lime, 1 minute 21 seconds. Forced Handicap, 1 mile : Creeping Jane, 9st. 61b., 1; Mercury, 7st. 41b., 2. Time, 1 minute 55J seconds. Consolation Race, 1 mile: Freedom, 7st. 41b., 1; Nap, 8st. 121b., 2; Sterling, 8st. 121b., 3. The general arrangements were highly satisfactory, and were a great improvement on last year. One of the most successful race meetings ever held at Balranold took place on Easter Monday and Tuesday. The weather was glorious, and the attendance numbered over 400, the good prospects of pastoral matters making every one happy. The fields were large and the races well con tested, and the only slight accident was in the Jumping Race, when Stiug's rider was thrown heavily, escaping with a cut face. The course was heavy going, rain having fallen on Saturday night. The contested events resulted as follows : — Maiden Plate : Mr. Mein's Bessie, 8st. 131b. 1 ; Mr. Webb's Postboy, 8st. lllb., 2 ; Mr. Balger's Calen dula, 8st. 131b., 3. Hack Race: Speculation 1, Miss Beach 2, Lady Khedive 3. Club Handicap : Mr. Deverall's Stonebroke, 8st. lib. (Dean), 1 ; Mr. Law rence's Apollo, 7st. 41b. (Whiting), 2; Mr. Flynn's Poon boop, 6flt. lllb. (Lewis), 3. Two others started, Members' Plate: Clare Maid (Kemp) 1, Arabi (Crozier) 2, Ruby (Conuack) 3. Scurry : Kitty 1, Ringleader 2, Conjuror 3. Squatters' Purse : Mr. Rutherford's Queen Elizabeth, lOst. 131b. (owner), 1; Mr. Deverall's Stonebroke, lOst. 121b. (Cormack), 2 ; Arabi, lOst. 121b. (Crozier), 3. Second Day — Jumping Race : Mr. Trcdrea's Eros, list. (Glennon), 1 : Mr. Macmahon's Springfoot, lOst. (Hard nett), 2; Playboy (Patten), 3. Grand Stand Handicap: Stonebroke, 8st. 61b. (Dean), 1 ; Bessie, 6st. 91b., 2; Apollo, 7st. 91b., 3. This was a splendid race, Dean wiuning by a short head. Selling Race : Goldfinder 1, Exile 2, Clare Maid 3. Bracelet : Queen Elizabeth, lOst. 131b. (Rutherford) ,^1 ; Stonebroke, lOst. 121b. (Cormack), 2; Eros, lOst. 121b. (Crozier), 3. Consolation Stakes: Exile 1, Bumpkin 2, Silence 3. The American bred horse Sachem, by War Dance, now owucd by E. P. Wilson, won the Leamington Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, at the Warwick and Leamington (England) mooting on February 16. A singular betting dispute was brought under tlie jurisdiction of the Newcastle (England) Assize Court recently, when the case Mould aud Chisliolm v. Harkus was heard. The proceedings showed that the defendant was a betting agent, aud that he informed the plaintiffs that he made bets on the follow ing 6vsietn : The plan was to go to win £5 or £10 a day, and to back only favourites. If the first favourite won, the backer was doue for tho day. If 'the favourite in the first race lost, then the favourite in the second race was backed, and so on till a horse was backed which won a race. The defendant agreed to go to Chester and back horses on this system. He went to the meeting, but did not cany ' out his contract by betting in that way. The action was to recover the money which the plaintiffs handed to the defendant to invest on races. The defence was that the defendant did not make any agreement to back the horses, but, if he did, that he backed the favourites, which lost.. A considerable amount of evidence having been heard on both sides, Justice Day said it was clear that defendant mu6t be allowed some discretion as to whieh horse was favourite in the ring in which he moved at the commencement of the race. He gave judgment for defendant with costs. J. Rae, one of the crack steeple-riders of New Zealand, has had some unlucky experiences on the Otahuhu steeple chase course. Granville, his first mount over the course, lauded iu a ditch and broke liis (Granville's) back ; Belle, whom he next essajed to pilot to victory, came down, and lias not raced since ; and at the last meeting, the favourite Guy Fawkes, fell at the sod wall in front of the stand, and was out of the race. Rae has fared much better on tlie Auckland steeplechase course, where his record numbers eight victories. He won the Auckland Steeplechase four times, with Agent, Alaric, Falcon, and Chandler ; the Autumn Steeplechase twice, with Chandler and Reform ; and the remaining two wins were on Falcon in the Maiden and Selling Steeplechases. A New Zealand exchange says : — ' It is understood that another tempting offer has been received from Victoria for Cuirassier, the yearling fitil brother to Trenton.' The unreliable Coriolanus, the son of Tubal Cain and Pauline, is now located at Thorgomindah. (Q.), where he is entered for the principal handicaps of the annual races, and should he retain some of the old form displayed at Rand wick aud Flemington, he ought to have a lot to say in com peting with the cracks of Southern Queensland. A Northern exchange says: — 'The Blackall people are getting up a bazaar in aid of the local racing club, and the profits are to be devoted to improvements. A grandstand is not to be included, the district ladies declining to sit in a structure open to the * lower classes,' as country grandstands almost necessarily are. There is a probability that a good race meeting will be held on the Morphettville Course, S.A., or the Old Course, during the coming winter, as the promoters of the Exhi bition are anxious that a good gathering should take place, and will likely give the movement every encouragement. The Queensland racer Cossack, the property of Mr. Charles Gray, Alice Downs, got badly injured lately by being staked in one of his legs. It was several days after the accident occurred that it was discovered, and the injury will probably incapacitate him from racing again this BeoBon. Thus the sporting scribe of the New Zealand Times on the future of the son of Anteros : — ' Niagara is now on his way to his future home in Victoria, and from now till No vember Aucklanders will be thinking of his Derby and Cup chance. It is satisfactory to know that the sou of .Anteros has got into good hands, where he will have every ] us tice done him in the matter of training. His Cup chance may be left till a later period _ to dilate upon, but my impression is that if he goes on all right, and furnishes into the great horse I expect him to do, those who support him for the Derby w31 have a run for their money. Of his soundness there is no question, and in conversation with Chaafe during the present week he told me that the son of Anteros was one of the soundest horses he ever had in his hands. Ati Aucklander daring the present week accepted 500 to 50 about the colt's chance for the V.R.C. blue riband, from a Melbourne quarter.' The well-known New Zealand steeplechaser New Year has been put to work again in his old age, and was saddled up for the Otahuhu Steeplechase on the 26th ultimo, when he was steered to victory by R. Frewin. The veteran fencer was lame when pulled up, but he took to the timber almost as cleverly as in his best days. At the meeting of the Oamara (N. Z.) Jockey Club held on March 30 and 31, the Anniversary Handicap of I0Q sovs. was won by Mr. Sherwin's well-performed horse Quibble, the recent winner of the Dunedin Anniversary Handicap, who, carrying 9st. 61b. was ably ridden by Derrett. Messrs. M. and C. Hobbs' Effigy appropriated the double event — Maiden Plate, 1 J- miles, and Hurdle Race, 2 miles— and Mokoia followed suit by annexing the Stewards' Handicap and Autumn Handicap ; the first hurdles fell^ to Tenakoe, and the Selling Hurdles to Dunluce ; Tongariro took the Novel Handicap, and Brewer the Counties All aged Handicap. The meeting was very successful. A New Zealand exchange says that Mr. Drake, the new owner of Pasha, intends to givo the well-performed son of The Mute and Rose d' Amour a spell until August, when in all probability he will be sent across to Victoria, to go into preparation for some of the big stakes to be offered by the leading clubs of the south. At the spring sale of the National Horse and Cattle Exchange, Lexington. Kentucky, U.S.A., in February last, the trotting sire Favourite Wilkes, with a record of 2.25f, was sold to Mr. Jacob Ruppert, of New York, for 10,000 dollars. Favourite Wilkes was foaled in 1873, and is by George Wilkes from Favourite. The well known trotter C. Clay, foaled in 1881, by Caliban from Soprano, by Strathmore, with a 2. 18 record, was purchased by Mr. Granville Cecil, of Danville, Ky., for G500 dollars, at Brasfield's sale, New York. . Appended is the synopsis of a measure recently intro duced by Mr. Ives in the State legislature of Now York, providing for the better regulating of horse racing in that State :— Section 1 provides for a tax of 5 per cent, upon the gross amount of the receipts for admission on race-days to race-tracks conducted by a racing association, incorpo rated under New York State laws, for the purpose of improving the breed of horses, the tax to be paid annually to the Controller of the State of New Yoric within 15 days after December 1 in each year. In the case of associa tions whose racecourses may be situated within 20 miles of New York or Brooklyn, such tax shall not amount to less than 4000 dollars annually, except in the case of trotting associations, when it shall be 1000 dollars. The amount of the tax in each case must be deposited with the Controller in advance between January 1 and April 1 of each year. Section 2 makes it the duty of the president of every such association to report to the Controller annually the amount of its gross receipts for admission to its race course. In tho event of tlie non-payment of the tax as prescribed, the bill provides for an examination of the de linquent association's books by the Controller. _ After 30 days' default in payment, aud, duo notice being given, the Controller is empowered to bring an action in the name of the people to recover the full amount. The ControHer may also report the delinquent association to the Governor, who shall thereupon forfeit its charter if the default shall be discovered to be intentional. Section 4 provides that all such associations shall be limited to the time during which faces may be conducted upon their groundB to 20 days in each year, and during that time the provisions of section 351 of the Penal Code shall not apply to the grounds of such association. The revenues thus received by the Controller from the taxes prescribed shall constitute a fund to be annually used on behalf of the State for prizes for improving the breeds of cattle, sheep, and horses, at the various State and country fairs throughout the State. Advices from America state that Mr. Robert B owner, in declining to sell his trotting mare Maud S. for 100,000 dollars, said that his refusal would have been equally prompt had the offer been 300,000 dollars. An American exchange says : — ' Captain William Cottrill, one cf the most prominent of Southern turfmen and breeders, died at bis home in Mobile, Ala., February 14, after a long illness, aged 71 years. He came to the, States from Worcester, England, in 1841, and apprenticed himself to his brother-in-law, Wm. Cole, a prosperous butcher in Mobile. After the death of Cole, Cottrill and his brother carried on the business up to the period of his death. He and his brother rode probably in the first hurdle' race that ever took place in this country — over the old Bascombe Course at MobilCj in 1847. Two years' after wards he rode Plough Boy against Lady Suffolk in a trot under ssddle at the same place. He bought the stallion Daniel Boone in 1859, and after winning a couple of races entered him in a sweepstakes race, 5000 dollars each against Planet and Congaru, four mile heats, to be run on the Fashion Course, L. I., in September, 1860, but the horse broke down and was put to the stud. After the war, during which Cottrill commanded a Confederate cavalry company, he formed the Magnolia Racecourse, and went extensively into tho breed ing business, purchasing a farm near Danville, Ky. He got together a Btring of racers, the progeny of Daniel Boone, and began to race on courses away from home iu 1866\. After Buckden, who was imported in 1871, broke down, Captain Cottrill bought him and placed him in the stud, where he produced many excellent racers. At the time of his death be had over a dozen colts by Rebel, Erden heim, Miser, and Ferncliffe in training, which are engaged in many of this year's stokes in the East and West. The deceased turfman's racing interests will be represented by Captain William H. Williamson.' With the view of regulating the use of the totalisator on the New Zealand turf, the chairman of the Sporting Con ference, held at Napier on the 15th and 16th of last month, has forwarded a communication to the Colonial Secretary pointing out the advantages to be derived if the use of the instrument be confined within proper limits, and also send ing certain suggestions relative to its management. The fol lowing is the gist of the recommendations:— 'That no license for the use of the totalisator should be granted to any racing club unless the programme of the race meet ing be first approved by the Metropolitan Club, iu whose district the races are to take place ; and the following rules were framed by which the. Metro politan Clubs Bhould be guided in giving their assent^ to the programmes submitted to them. That in stibhfitting programmes for the approval of the Metropolitan' Club, each club shall forward its programme for the ensuing year, and shall furnish, if required, a properly audited balance sheet, showing its receipts mid expenditure for the past year. And that in no case shall a programme be passed unless it clearly appears from tne balance- sheet that all moneys received by the club have been expended in stakes, making improvements to the course and stands, or payment of interest and sinking fund, or pnrchase money, or 'generally in the interest of racing. That no programme of any club shall be passed, the members of which divide any portion of the profits. That, with a view to limiting the undue use of the totalisator, no club shall be allowed to hold more than four meetings in the year. That any club holding more than three meetings in the year must give an average of at least £600 per diem in stakes. That any club holding three meetings in the year must givo an average of at least £400 per diem in stakes. That any club holding two meetings in the year must give an average of at least £250 per diem in stakes. That any club holding only one meeting in the year must giro an average of at least £100 per diem in stakes. It would also be suggested that licenses for the use of the totalisator should be issued annually, and should be termin able or revoked on the 31st July in each year.' The delegates considered that the application of rules such as those enunciated above would he for the best interests of racing, and for the benefit of the country, inasmuch as it -would tend to diminish the number of race meetings, by abolishing those that are held simply as mono- - nuking speculations ; while, on the other hand, it would tend to encourage the clubs which, by more liberal programmes, can offer greater attractions to the owners and breeders of horses. A committee of the Calcutta Turf Club was recently ap pointed to consider and revise the present scales of weight for age of English and Australian horses, and have re ported as follows : — ' Having carefully considered the question of the weights for age for English and Australian horses, we recommend that no alteration be made in the pre sent scale for Australian horses, but that the present scale for English horses be altered in accordance with the annexed scale, to take effect from 1st May, 1887. The scale that we recommend has been arrived at by taking our Aus tralian scale as a basis, making the English horse in Janu ary carry the same weight as the Australian horse in August, and so on month by month, with such slight modifications as we consider necessary. As part of our scale, we also recommend the following alteration in the Calcutta Turf Club Rules' of Racing : — In note 6, page 32, alter 71b. to 41b. The effect of this alteration will be that the scale ?will be reduced 41b. for both Australian and English horses, whether running separately or together. In the interests of racing in India, we would suggest that if our recommendation is adopted, that it be notified that unless under exceptional circumstances the weights for Australian and English horses will not be changed for the next five years. This will give owners confidence in arranging their future purchases- In conclusion we would add that we have fully realised the difficulties in the way of framing scales of weights for English and Australian horses in India. The position is one which makes it quite impossible to frame scales of weights for English and Australian horses which will be correct according to English ideas for English horses inter se, according to Australian ideas for Australian horses inter se, and which will at the same time be fair for English and Australian horses when running together. This has special effect in the case of a three- year eld and a four-year old English horses running in the same race iu the months of January, February, and March. Having regard to all those matters, we are unanimously of opinion that the scale recommended is one which is suitable to the special conditionsof racing in India.' 