Cije HapuitTja f^erattJ. J3IBAY, SEPTEMBER 2a, 188?. CtOYERNMENT OP IRELAND, John Stuart Mill called the Conser vatives the stupid party. If Mr. Mill were alive to-.day he would not feel inclined to withdraw the epithet. Lord Salisbury and his party are. dis-! playing a good; deal of stupidity in theijr attempt to. govern Ireland, and are vain enough to mistake their hopes for realities., Mr. Froude may be quite light in. saying that there are only two ways of governing Ireland,, by the iron hand! or- by conciliation, but if Lord Salisbury thinks that the i?on b^nd way is, possible now, he eer-. tainly dees not see things as they really are.. The first thing that strikes, onse is, that if eighty-six attempts; at coercion in the present een,tury have failed,, the eighty-seventh, is not likely to. succeed., The- next is, that even if coercion succeeded before, it would probably fail now.. The conditions are different from what they were,. Some years, ago, the- English masses,, through, ignorance of the- sources of Irish, disaffection,, either directly ap proved of or acquiesced in repressive legislation,, but now they resent coer-. ekra as i&ueb; as their fellow-^ objects across- the channel. Their sympathy i&ust; be won, for-any coercive policy J that is to. be continuous,, and now it never- will be. The- recent English elections, show;- how; the- ourient is settings It is; almost certain ! ; that a geneml election, would, j ; now utterly defeat the eoercionist party.. The policy of coercion was never put fcothe country by th,g_ Con servatives at the- last electionit was-, adopted, by Lord Salisbury as tie only positive expedient that was open- to; • him, for an attitude of mere negation, ill, regard to. Home Rule would scarcely justify the existence of! ar party so. peculiarly composed and situated, as. the Unionists. It is beyond; : all . reasonable doubt thaj; the people of the-United Kingdom are not gomgv to. tolerate the. imprisonment of men. as common criminals for- the- crime- o£ free speech; at public- meetings. It may be that the language used is not always the. most temperate,, but philosophic calmness is not in keeping with all occasions. While evictions are pending a speaker does npt think, of measuring his words.. What is. certain,, is,, t.hajb the Conservatives and. their accidental supporters are not going to put down fuee speech in. Ireland, They have-reckoned without the democracy of England. They are also known to. be to a great extent responsible for the present unfortu nate state of affairs. We do not refer to the rejection of Mr.-. Gladstone's Irish Government Bill, Perhaps the defeat of that Bill may have been in some respects, for*- the best. The principle of the Bill will in the near future fee established,, while the details may be improved, in respect both of Imperial unity aud Irish sentir ment. But the rejection- ot Mr. Parnell's Rent Bill has led to nothing but disaster. The report of the Royal Commission more than justifies the introduction of that measure, and had the Bill been passed many of the evictions and consequent disturbances of the last few months would not have been heard of, and not even the ghost of a pretext for coercion, would have been furnished.. To think that autonomy can. be much longer successfully resisted is to. exhibit extraordinary blindness as to, the tendency of events. In some shape the demand for home rule has existed since the Union. Grattan advocated repeal to, the day of his death.. His last prophetic words against the Union,- have great signifi cance at the present time. The con stitution of the country, he said, might for a time be lost, but the char acter of the country could not be lost. " The Ministers of the Crown, will, or may at length, find that it is not so easy to put down for ever an ancient and respectable nation, by abilities,, however great, and by power and by corruption, however irresistible; liberty may repair- her golden beams,, and with redoubled heat animate the coun try the cry of loyalty, will not long continue against the principles of liberty; loyalty is a noble, a judicious, and a: capacious principle ;.but in these countries.loyalty, distinct from.liberty,. is. corruption, not loyalty." . O'Con nell really began the repeal agitation ten years after-the-Union. He de clared in one of his speeches, that the emancipation agitation, would create a,; public mind and spirit to. advance the I others There were intervals- of ex-, j haustion when agitation abated* but I only to, be revived again. What statesmen, therefore, have to face is a j continuous and growing demand, for autonomy,, and it seems to. those who < observe the struggle from a distance that the time is arrived when resistance ceases to. be either expedient or effec tive. Thje Union might under certain conditions have been the best for the two. countries. But those conditions have never arisen, and probably never will arise.. Statesmen are now called, upon to deal with, realities, not imagi nations. The opposition, of eighty six years, has only resulted in an in creased demand for autonomy, and that demand will be not even tern theaiiWfreP^ed hy susPensions of of «vmnSk the subject that are out .fi/ -E- public opinion Theljt™ r uitB a° Utopian JTa sane man can really believe that the genius of prosperity is at once in full panoply to spring from home rule as Minerva did from the head of Jove Possibly for a few years the very efforts to reallSA nnrmlon —A_J • y ment, will be injurious in their effects" ttut m time people will learn to trust less to political machinery, and be°in to believe that, though it may be very potent to retard prosperity, it ean do very little to, create it. Tbe blesaws* ?/ the closed strife wiii, however, in itself be invaluable. The energies that are now wasted: in the constitu tioM,! struggle can be applied to social affinm. Internal sre always a source of weakness, and the empire should be the stronger when s«h'L<SaV?^Sappea,Ted- ^eiy true sublet of the empire mmt wiskthafc the record! of the bitter-and wastS struggle were at length closed; A Message feom the S^A telegram from Perth: announces that an albatross has. been, found, near theire. with, a tinplaie tied; round its neck having. a meBsage punched' in, to the effect that on, August 4 last 13, ship, wrecked sailors had. taken re&geoathe; GroBet Isles. Sis BxcelloHojr the Gfovernor ha* receded a. similar-wire. from, J&ssiifc; Stirling Brothers, of Penth,.and;has.&iiwaEdjBcLiJ;!i on to Admiral Fairfax, wh^e .flagshipis now At Sydney.. The Crozeta are- in. Int. 4S* south, and long. 45° ewt, being fro® three to five degrees, below the- ordinajg? route, of safling vessels, bounds round the-Cape- of Gfood Hope to. Australia, Thein distance front: Perth is. some 4,200-miles,, bo. that the, albatross muifc have made Wj fast travelling in the'-jfiiday* f was at sea,, allowing for bhetime necessary for .it to obtain, food.^Adoerfis&u.; A iosx Bo?;—Up to. yesterday , (says- the &arraaootfS; o£- the 16th; inst.); 1106 the slightest ftracehad been fonndiof tbepooE lit&e; fellow, who, was. lpst oji the 2ndi inatanb. from, a, paddock mifiway: betw^n. his father's; apd his uncle'fc farms at Garew^neau-Bordfar ■ Town, Strenuous effort* hava- beep, made ever since to trace him. by large number® ofi: vohipteera who have,, manyoSthem,. travelled; from 20 to 30- miles, to, lend- their aidi m,tha. investigation. Ihe search instill beingrprose cuted,. though, there is now not fjbe faintest: hope of finding the child- alive. & is a. singu.. l&r; coincidence thafe a, boy named; Mason,soa oB a. shepherd,, was. lost near the same spot some 1.8- op 1£- years agoj and no traces-have> ever bee.n. foupd. o£ him. The aboriginals^ have-a- legend: thafca, great; bird'comes from, the Besert to tbis place to eafr children.. K&pxfstda; FioEicuxTtrBAi Society. A , committee- meeting ofr (fa. above. Society was held'on Wednesday, the 14*h, inst. wjieq. tho, , Erize-lisfr forthe forthcoming-exhibition was; ' carefolly gone through. Ijt was, decided; to. forego.for - this-show the usual- money prize#, with a view ofegetting. funds, in.hand} so as to, ; be able ip tile- fftfcufe-to>~get up. mony prize. > lists- and" see their way clear as to paying off^ .liabilities. If > vKas.tJierefQrs decided to merely offer a, few. special prizes, and' for > the. bulk, off exhibita to, Botifjr the. successful'^ competitors; by > awarding-certifieates of" merifc The. prize* , lists, members''tictefs, &£., > were ordered; to .be. : printed; and* the - Secretary was, instructed to. > write- to, Adelaide to. obtain judges for- the occasion.. It- was > decided'not- to charge for entries, so that there- will be nothing in the. > way, to stop, any-one. who-, wishes to compete, from staging their-plants, > and; cat flowere^. which it was thought would come in as usual: in-good style,.and that-there was.-no reason to> fear- but. that: Kap.unda. would, hfcye a goods flower show this-jeajy " Air- Hdub wirff- Some Aum-RTfi -ft. Httmoeists."—There was only a fair atten-. dance at the lecture giypn.by Canon Whiting-, ton, of which the above was the- title, in,the Institute Hall on- Monday evening, and- the. patienee- of those present was at fiwfc. rather tried^by reason of the want? of- punctuality in< starting. Ifc waa not» until a< Quarter, past eight that the Bev. Mr. Wltcombe, the Chair man, called? on the Misses Price-and Pizey to. play the overture, A<fter this, was. accom? pliebed to the- enjoymento^all; the Chairman briefly introduced" Canon Whitington and; asted him. to- deliver his^ leetura. Canon, Whitington disclaimed * the dignity of the.title, given to,whpfc he-wasgoihg-to^do.. H® said in. his missionaiy. farav^sie was oftea called upon, to assist at. entertainments, and'his aseiBtance generally tpok the-form. of readings .^rom ,80me • o£ tbe Armeriean humoiitts. Ib then- oeeurredi to .him that it( would, bQ.tnois instructive if-tlie. readings, he. gave, ware- strung* together, with, weiy brief general' remarks on. American, humour and-equally briefbiograpbical sketches, of the-several authors to whom he was indebted! for bis selections. This* was, alj. IJp sai^ much: of the American, literature, was like. American character.—independent and uncon-. ventional: The- names, of E^anldin, Iwing^ Hawthorne, Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes,' ATtemus Ward,. Brett Harte,, Mark, Twain,. Will Carleton, Mas Aideler, and- many others, were each in,turn mentioned; and'the princi pal of them laid under contribntionforpurposes. ofc illustration. The lecturer- was happy in his, selectiops and; the readings were-ali*very. mncli, enjoyed: At infcesralsjdnring the evening,vocal? and instrumental; music waBgiven,.the -follow*, ing- being the programmeOverture, Miss^ Price and Pizey j lecture, part, I-j-overture, wa}t% (Mattel Migs 5rice-; eong, «Th&. wishing cap," Mrs. Iaston;. glee, "-Hark the lark," the Misses Price and:C. Batten,.Messrs. McBride and E. Hk Davies lecture, part II j violin »olo,ff Du Beriot-'s fifth air with varia," tione,' Mr. McBride, a piece which was.deser vedly encored, and Mr. MbBridp ^ve in, response 6ounod?s beautiful "Ave. Maria. song," The way through the wood," MissErice^ duet, " The happy hunters,'* the Sfisses Bam. At tbe conclusion of^the programme- the Bevv Mt. Witcombe proposed- a vote-of- thanks to tbe lecturer- for his efforts to entertain them and the ladies.and' gentlemen who had' musi cally assisted him. This, having been carried with acclamation, the compliment was ac knowledged by Canon Whitington on bis own behalf and by the Chairman on behalf of the musicians, and the proceedings closed after a verse of the National Anthem had been sung. HI gotten gains—Doctors9 fees. Cougbegatiowai CnrracH.—-The Uev. J. ■ Piatt will on Sunday evening conclude Mb course of sermons on eternal punishment. Chttech' AraiTEBSABT.—The anniversaiy of the Allendale Bible Christian Church will fee iJelebrated nert Sunday and Monday. The San day services 'will be conducted by the Bey. 3\. Collingsj of. Hiverton. On Monday the usual tea and public meetings will be held. Lajh>-Tax Assessment.—Mr. Glynn -will »OTe S» 4he House of Assembly on October 6—"Thattheoperatiara of clause 36 of the Taxation Act, 1884, should be allowed to \- continue, and a new assessment of land liable to land tax should be made as and to take effect from January 1,1888." ' Xapukda Show.—The Kapundaand Light Agricultural Society's show takes place next Wednesday; Exhibitors are reminded that the entries for all kinds of lira stock and in the implements, grain and floor, and miscel laneous -classes close at the Sir John Franklin Hotel at 5 p.m. on Monday, September 26 Implements hare to be on the ground on the day previous to the show, when they will be adjudged. In the classes not mentioned the time for entering closes at 10 o'clock on the morning of-Show day, but the Secretary asks intending competitors to enter as much as pos sible previous to that. Horse stock must be on the ground by 11 a.m. on Show day, and other exhibits an hour earlier. The Judges vill be set to work as early as possible, and at 1 o'clock the grounds will be open to the gen eral public on the paymentofthe usual admia eion fees. 