* 1 hope I don't intrude." A life is made of little facts, Each atom upon atom acts; Each nodule pertinently labors Upon its own encroaching neighbors. 'Twould be a dreary desert zone, If man were in tbe world alone; If each could live in single state, Himself from others isolate. Then would one never know the bliss Of friendly hand or female kiss; Then would there never need to be These PEESOMALS to you from me. BOBEBT MURDOCH: SMITH, of the Queensland Ex port and Q.S. S. Companies, Bowen, is a brick of the true grit, and has not, despite the fact of a year's residence in Sleepy Hollow, lost any of the natural polish consequent on a long residence in merry Old England. Robert is rather tall and slim, owing tbe latter quality to tbe.incessant smoking of a wooden pipe, and internally, as he himself observes, bears a close resemblance to a snipe. There is a great con trast between the youth, dressed irreproachably in tights and decorated with the etifEest of stand-up collars, who arrived twelve "months ago, and tbe Bob of to-day. He is an all-round athlete, a crack shot among the members of the local Garrison. Battery (which he desires to quit), and both in the cricket field and on horseback he displays the greatest activity, when not engaged in the solution of some gigantic problem that necessitates , a prolonged watching of mother earth; As Dux, he came out in a B.I. boat, and, after a short residence in Brisbane, was sentoff to Poole Island, with which hestill remains connected, notwithstanding his repeated applications for a removal to the head office. One reason, b>y-the bye, assigned for the temporary closing 6f the works was the avidity with which he attacked Am Bue's enticing repasts, ^imong 14 tho§e who know, yon know," the following story is considered as full of truth as Eddy Smith of energy. One wild, stormy night, when R.M.S. was steering a heavy whaleboat, pulled "by four worn-out Poolfe Islanders, against a head wind, deceived by the apparent nearness of the shore, he yelled out, " Back her in and drop the anchor." "What? In 25 fathoms of water ? Likely!" growled one. During the four hours' solid "yacker" that afterwards ensued before Gloucester Island was reached, never one word was the coxswain heard to utter. Bob has had some experience in the manipu lation of the long-bow, and the fun hie knocks out of Rome by this means is immense. Did ndtE.GkR. get in a fluster (despite his being " thrown early on his own resources") when Smith informed; him Winterbine was coming to audit,.~tbe books? The said Winterbine was none other than the Island butcher, and as intimate-withibooke as Tom Stirling with water. Bob is fast becoming an efficient officer in the service, and no, one ban inter&sfcfhe; takes in h|s work and%i^&«ompa^^i welfare »hd has seen him 'taUying th^5 <&rgo; /from theboats on a j Monday nights 'i Aubbby JONES, otherwise " the Smiter," stands confessed before an audience consisting mainly of Maryborough Grammar School scholars, past and present. 80 far, he has not witnessed many evolu tions of this planet round the sun, and, if his pro verbial good humor increases with his years, what limit shall be placed to the extent of his corporation, which is already double that of Billy Mycock, if it be true that corpulency is induced and fostered by merriment. He comes as near the solution of the problem of perpetual motion as is possible, and firmly believes that he would succumb, like Lot's wife, if he stood still a moment. He rivals Mark Tapley, and, as a public speaker, would do the famous Jawbone O'Neil, of the N. S. W. Parliament, badly, with a fair field, no favor, and both starting at scratch. An ardent admirer of all manly sports, he affects cricket, football and tennis. In the pursuit of the first, he has developed int$ a bowler of first-class calibre, and, on a peculiar wicket, you know, cuts up and comes back like a Turner or a Ferris ; while in the last he has, on more than one occasion, ornamented the camera of the instantaneous photographer. His daily performance of 250 yards from the play-ground to the dining-ball, within five seconds of the first sound of the bell, stamps him as a phenomenal runner. Before attendance at church, or any place of public resort, he carefully manipu lates a " best hollow-ground,oh ! so gingerly, over his cheek and chin, carefully avoiding a downy excrescence on the upper lip, and, as he softly and complacently strokes the moustache, in futuro, he faintly whispers, " Like a polo match, four a side!" He came over with William> the Norman, from Boonara Station, and, owing to early associations, he is the best connoisseur of stock-horseflesh in particular-to be found among the scholars that curse Arnold and worry Virgil. He is just a little of a m a-her, but, as his years increase, this " Admir able Orichton" will subside, and I then expect to hear of his posing as the democratic candidate for the presidentship of United Australia. WILLIAM: PAul, laborer, at Hazelwood Estate, Latrobe-terrace, Rosalie, Brisbane, was killed on 27th May by an explosion of blasting powder while engaged in sinking a well for John Chalk. The deceased was 32 years of age, and leaves a widow and two children unprovided for. Sib CHABLES COOPEE, formerly Chief Justice of South Australia, has died in England. B.E. Wiss has been appointed Attorney-General of N". S. W. in the Parkes Government. State-craft revises all wisdom's prizes, And would upset each, proven rule, They say that Wise's law surmise is It takes the wise to be a fool. Approvals Tise from but few eyes ; And, if you, Wise, be compromise, Then, in this wise, the problem lies, That you are wise and otherwise. MRS DAVIS, relict of the late Geo. Davis, of Sandy Creek, Glamorgan Vale, died on the 18th May, after a short illness ushered in by a cold. She was the mother-in-law of Robert Brown, a well-known resi dent of Sandy Creek, and who, during the last two months of the late drought, generously supplied the whole of the neighborhood with water gratis.' A pbominent member of the Maryborough com munity at present is Peter Curtis Hardy, familiarly known by many as " P.O.," or " Old Piecee." Curtis is ivitbin a year or two of what is legally recognised as manhood's estate, and some five feet and a half-in height and inclined to be broad in build, and scarcely modelled on the Mnes of the Apollo Belvidere. The most noticeable feature of his character is a perfect indifference (with but one exception) to everything and everybody. The matter on which he is some times betrayed into a semblance of enthusiasm is cricket; and in this line some time back he displayed a marvellous power of punishing leg balls, but owing to his natural indolence, which frequently ca,used his retirementas "runout" (by about a dozen yards), his scoring iwas not particularly heavy. For the Red and Black of??the Grammar School, Curtis has done fair service in the football line. A waiting game was his favorite play, but when in proximity to the "bounding sphere/' few foemen dared to tackle him, for'P.O. kicks precious nearly as strongly as a ^briS "tipes, and regards direction as quite a secondary consideration. Curtis left the ^ar|iit|rl roof in Woody Is^md ^o attend? thei .Majryborough ^ramx^r^Schcbl j^taeigyeaisblisek, iand then If 'a, comrade could only get a slant at bis translation of Virgil before school hours he could -reckon on being in it. P. C. is now a clerk in the, local "branch of . the Bank of New South Wales, and a regular attendant at and enjoyer of the Salvation Army demonstra tions, where he dropa his usual phlegm-a fact likely to lead to promotion, since tlie directors are partial to the fostering of early piety. He is a " hepicute" to the bedrock as regards entertainments and per formances of all descriptions, and, in the character of a critic, has never missed an available chance for years. THEEE'S an Ipswich young doctor named Geoghegali, Whom the larrikins fear like a Deoghegan, For he's down on the roughs', And intruders he scroughs, Treating them as if each a Peogheghan". This striking bit of orthographical Verse embalms a striking episode which was the talk of many Ipswich circles last week. Dr. Geoghegan, formerly medico at Mackay, and recently at Southport, where he gained much piscatorial renown, was sitting at hia " ain fireside" with his good lady, after 11 o'clock oii the night of the Queen's Birthday* when he found a larrikin, one George Slitton, 24 years of age4 leaning in the hall against his pallor door, with his handi comfortably stowed in his pockets and half-drunk. The doctor collared the " lairy" and ran him out into the street. No 14 trap" being visible, the doctor proceeded to run his prisoner in. The "lairy" showed fight and two comrades came to his assist ance and temporarily freed him. However, Geoghe gan recaptured his man and got him to within 200 yards of the police station when a " bobby" turned up, and the prisoner was duly lumbered. Though there were two or more previous convictions recorded against Slitton, the P.M. only fined him £2, or 14 days. This leniency won't tend to reduce larrikinism in Ipswich. Recently, Dr. Duialop was similarly visited in that town, but the intruder escaped. Lawyer Cardew also lately caught a fellow in his house, but the P.M. only fined him 10s. Now, sup posing Dr. Geoghegan had been away on a profes sional errand and the man Slitton had found Mrs. Geoghegan alone and unprotected ? I won't suggest what might have happened. I only ask the Ipswich P.M. to consider the"small effect of his punishments. R. P. HUGHES, an old and popular resident of Townsville, was found drowned in Ross Creek on 17th May. Much sympathy is felt for his widow. GEORGE CA.VET, the managing director of the No. 2 Queen and the Livingstone Co.'s claim, Charters Towers, ought to be back at the Towers by this time. He left London, m voyage to Australia, by the Clyde on the 25th March last. JULIAN THOMAS, "the Vagabond," is off to the South Seas again with his old friend Donald M'Leod. He expects to be at Noumea on June 1st. He seems to have a foreboding that it will be his last trip, and that fever or a nigger will get him this time. CANON ADDISON, vicar of Thirsk, England, has been appointed bishop of Bathuret, N.S.W. C. J. Ross, of Charters Towers, is off to England, having been left a *' fort in." He was farewelled by friends at Scbinkle's Black Jack Hotel, Charters Towers, on 19th May. JOHN HATTON, who was for nearly 23 years public hangman of Queensland, gave up the "ghost on last Wednesday week. He flourished as a distinguished public servant from 1832 to 1885, and now he resides where hot pitchforks take the place of cold hemp. He was an angelic-looking cuss, and it was rumored that his wings were beginning to sprout. His last hymn was-" It was-it, was tbeeatJ" G. W. GBIENER and H. J. M'Nally, of Warwick, - have both been awarded the silver medal of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia, for rescuing Mrs. Fallon and family from drowning during the fearful Hoods that prevailed there on January 22nd last. ' JOHN KBENAN is the new Banana schoolmaster, and his tlelight is in the due development of young bananas. He has already proved himself quite a desirable acquisition. He is a good and painstaking teacher, a,nd has considerably wakened up the rising generation of Banana, which has latterly been hiber nating. He has introduced singing into theschool, much to the satisfaction of the parents. Hie has also distinguished himself by getting up a local cricket.club. ^ ^ Vw,v_. , ME. DOUGLAB, pf jiioseferpok, in the far West, has returned to his station after a 12 months' trip to 