TURF GOSSIP. By Augcb. Ia the advertising columns of this week will be found the full programme of the Victoria Amateur Tarf Club. I mast confess that I am somewhat disappointed to find that the stakes all remain as they were, except that some of them have been tran sposed, Their valne has not been increased one shilling, and thiB stagnation is owing, I presume, to the expenditure determined upon by the club for the new stand, tracks, &c.; Still the executive might have Bprnng a point, and increased the Canlfield Stakes to 300 soys. Last year, when Isonomy defeated Malua, The Nan, Sheet Anchor, Ac., it proved one of the most interesting races ever ran at Caulfield, and I anticipated that it would be raised at least 100 sovereigns in 1887. Instead of beingthe second race on the second day, it i&now; the opening event on the first. The distance last year was one mile and a furlong—too short to give the public an opportunity of seeing the horses pass the stand twice. It Is now a mile and a quarter and a distance, and should therefore be more interesting to the public. The Hurdle Race of 200 sovs. comes next, and this.is two miles. Then follow the Great Foal Stakes of 300 sovs., and the Caulfield Guineas of 300 sovs. It is gratifying to see the club still encourag ing the amateur element by retaining the Australian Hunters' Cup, the winner of which can have a trophy, value 150 sovs., or the specie, while the second and third will receive trophies, valne 50 sovs. and 25 sovs. respectively. The Toorak Handicap of 150 sovs. will wind up the first day. It would have been far more attractive had the added money been 200 sovs. Those who have horses engaged in the Caulfield Cup will bear in mind . that the winner of the Toorak Handicap will not have to carry a penalty in the big race, provision having been made for this in the conditions. Many were deterred from starting for the Toorak Handi cap last year because the chance of incurring a penalty stared them in the face. Now the Btumbling-block has been removed, I expect to see a very large field go to the post for the mite race. The second day opens with the Maiden Plate of 150 sovs., one mile, in which the competitors will b&rry; special weights,the old horses having much the best of it. and as mares and geldings receive the usual allow ance, there ia sure to be a liberal response from homeowners. The Nursery Handicap of 150 so vs. will give the juveniles an oppor tunity of fighting their battle o'er again. The Selling Race, of 100 sovs., is sandwiched be tween this and the Caulfield Cup, and then follow the Steeplechase of 250 sovs., and the Windsor Handicap of 150 sovs. The general entries elose on the 19th September. The sad death of Mr; Thomas Cbirneide removes one of the pioneers of Victorian sport. After hie trip to New Zealand, where he pur chased ibme of toe highest- priced yearlings disposed of at toe New Zealand Stnd Com pany's sale, he became melancholy, and soon be began to betray eymptoms of brain disease. On S&tarday; last, however, he appeared to be in good spinta and talked of leaving the Werribee forairipto another of his estates, but ehortiy aftw l o'clock toe report of a gun was heard, and on search being made he WMfotu^ iritothS top portion of his .head blown away. It was a clear case of -de termined suicide, for a string was attached.to " a trigger of toe gcra, which he had palled thhis toe. f Aster back as 1839 Mr. Chim —le arrived ha Australia, and from that time nntil the day of his death he was prominently connected Sdth toe sports of hunting and racing, and when couraing was followed in toe open be was one of -its most en tbustaifcc adherents, thpngh he lost all love for it whea^toe rlutaptoh system was ibtxoduo^^Heii»s»V fond of hunting, and years ago he imported red deer from which descended thafrem toat now provides sport to^tbsMetoonrim Hnnt Cln& Mr. Chito lental in tmpr Chirnside. In the racing world years ago; his name, in connection with hia brother i Andrew's, was associated with that fnmousbld | mare, Alice Ha wthorti, and • in: 1874 the Mel bourne Cup was won by Haricot, who was bred and owned by the Messrs. Chirnside. Sultan carried the family colours to the front in the Newmarket Handicap in 1876, and New minster in the previous year was victorious in the Maribyrnong Plate and other two-year old races. Newminster was undoubtedly the most brilliant animal raised in the Wer ribee paddocks, and this fine Bon of The Marqnis is still lord of the harem. Matador, Perfume, and other good performers who claim him as sire have shown enough to prove the correctness of Mr. Chirnside's judg ment in retaining him. Notwithstanding the deceased sportsman's advanced ace he still was an ardent lover of the turf, aB a reference to the entry lists of the V. R.C. and A.J.C. will testify. The chief contributortothe stakes for the two and three year olds was Mr. Thomas Chirnside, who didn't confine bis attentions to one trainer, for Messrs. T. Wilson, J. Redfearn, F. F. Dakin, and T. Lamond all have horBes belonging to him. I believe all of these will be disposed of by auction. Mr. Chirnside was a sportsman in the true sense of the word. He raced for the pure love of the pastime, and his horses were expected to do their best independent of any betting considerations. There are very few of a similar character left to maintain the re putation of the turf. Jockeys' lines are often cast in pleasant places, but in none more so than in the East it is recorded in a Singapore paper that the Nawab of Bhawulpore was so elated at his Arab winning several races that he would not let his victorious steed fulfil his other engagements, but had him brought home in triumph. A fUe was then arranged in hononr of the jockey, a young Englishman, who, in consequence of having to ride at another meeting, did not arrive till after the cere mony, when the delighted Nawab preseuted him with a handsome fee, a quantity of native dresses, and two wives. The dollars and the dresses the jockey willingly accepted, but two wives were too great a handicap, and the astonished jockey was sorely perplexed what to do with them. With as good grace as pos sible he declined the honour. How em barrassed would our own Tommy Corrigan or Tom Hales have been under similar cir cumstances. J. Elliott, who was formerly in T, Jones's Btable, must have his hands pretty full at Johdpore, for whose rajah he trains. He has no less than 156 horses and ponies in work, and with such a string he should appropriate many of the good things of the coming season. A native jockey named Rnnar, who ac companied Pertaub Singh, the Indian racing prince, to England, has died there. The Maharajah was a passenger by the P. and 0. steamer Tasmania when she was wrecked, and it was reported that he bad lost £40,000 worth of jewels, but they have been recovered. Mr. John Haimes claims to have bred Dulferin, who carried his colours to victory in the Ladies' Trophy won at the V.A.T.C. meeting. Time was when the man who formed the union between horse and mare claimed the honour, but-now it is either divided, or the owner at time of foaling claims it When Mr. Haimes purchased Eugenie she was in foal to Ambassador, and as Dufferin was foaled at Mamre and raised there Mr. HaimeB is entitled to the credit of being bis breeder. I notice that Derision is still described as a colt in all the races in which he runs. If he is nominated thns, some day when he wins he wiH stand a chance of being dis qualified. Cripps added him to the list of geldings some time ago. In addition to the two colls disposed of by Mr. Clibborn for Mr. Gardiner, the Sydney auctioneer has disposed of Goddess of Love to Mr. A. G. Blomfield for 50 guineas, and the yearling colt Clifton-hill to Mr. W. J. Franks for 30 guineas. Tattersall's Club in Sydney is proverbially liberal in dispensing prizes for turf contests, and one of the newly-established contests which promises to become popular is the Lady Carrington prize. This is to be run at the summer meeting, and i9 for two year olds, colts to carry 8st 71b., and fillies and geldings 8st 41b. The club adds 600 sovs., and this should attract a goodly number on Tuesday next, Jnly 5, when Mr. James Perry will receive entries up to 4 o'clock at Tatter Ball's Club, Sydney, and any Victorians in tending to nominate can do so at the V.R.C. office. As a matter of course, there are various opinions respecting the handicap for the Mel bourne Gup ; but on the whole, I think the verdict is a favourable one. After a careful perusal of Mr. Barnard's handiwork I am in clined to think the winner will come from The Jewel, Bohemian, Lord William, Bravo, Silver Prince, Menotti, Bedouin, St Paul, Bowmont, Master Jack, and Moorebank, and of this lot I like best Silver Prince ; but it is needless for me to say that Melbourne Caps take a deal oi picking, and near the day something which at present lies in the back ground may become prominent On Tuesday Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. sold, at Kirk's Basaar, the hurdleracer, Landseer to Mr. L. W. Bate, for 175 guineas ; a black mare by Slanderer to Mr. B. Gray, tor 55 guineas: bay gelding by Newminster trom Romp to Mr. R. Kerr, for 31 guineas; brown mare by Alarm to Mr. Moore, for 13 guineas, and Music, by King Alfred, to Mr. Thomas, for 65 guineas. Several racing men and trainers assembled at Queen-street on Monday to witness a trial of Mr. Disher's patent drainage for racing and other stables. It gave every satisfaction, working smoothly and well, and, as it will be on view next week, those who are on build ing intent should not fail to inspect it Mr. J. J. Miller announces that he has several trotting Btallions for private sale. They include Sour Krout, a five year old by Von Moltke, jun.: Architect, by Contractor, three years; The Burglar, by Honesty, three yearn. They are well-grown, and have been carefully handled and broken. The two three olda are engaged in the V.T.G. Sires' Produce -Stakes, to be decided In the spring of the year. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt ana Co. will give intending purchasers all information re specting the horses. . The Ararat Amatenr Turf Club has pub lished a programme for the 10th August. It contains five events, but the conditions of the Selling Race have been omitted. The first is an Amateur Hurdle Race of 20 sots., and this is followed by the Jubilee Handicap of 25 aovs.. Open Hurdle R&oe; of 25 sova., tod Welter Handicap of 20 aovs. Entries for 'the hurdle races and handicaps close on tire Sftt.HJnlv. : f is ad in its favour, because it absorbs moisture, and on Saturdays notwithstanding that it bad rained in torrents on the previous night, I walked all over tbesaddiing paddock without soiling my boatiTfaeenclosure *ras, however, in something o&m;&tttddle; conse quent upon the improvements now being effected, but everything went off smoothly enough. The ladies were conspicuous by their absence, the stand containing but a tithe of the number that faced the cold on the previous Monday, when the Bracelet was the attraction. Daring deeds werf, performed during the afternoon, ana; during a connection with the turf of over a quarter of a century I never re< member to have Been so much brake-powet ^ barefacedly applied. Compared with Trent, "•% I thought Revenge had 41b. the worst of the weights in the Hurdle Race. With Mr. Murray's horse out of the way, and AriBtidea also an absentee, Revenge hadn't much to beat, albeit Ballarat was thought a real good thing, and once more his deluded friends put down the pieces confidently. This time there was no excuse, for he met with no accident, and Andy Ferguson bad him in a good position half a mile from home. When the real racing commenced be was quickly done with, and at the turn it looked a good thing for Star, whose rider, J. King, soon began to ease off, and Revenge, coming with a great run on the outer ground, won easil y The winner's friends, who had dropped a good deal of money on him at Elsternwick, didn't stand him for mnch upon this occasion, but he was ridden with excellent judgment, and won with something in hand. This, there fore,makes Trent a pretty good animal. King was carpeted by the stewards, and requested to make an explanation respecting Star's running, and I believe be declared that when he found he had no show with Revenge he palled off, and this being corroborated by Mr. Tom Watson, who was acting as starter, and was standing down near the turn, it was considered quite satisfactory. Of course jockeys are quite right in easing up when they find their horses have had enough, but King took in such a sudden reef that only a few people noticed the reason, the sudden dash made by Revenge, who was going mnch faster than anything else in the last furlong. That arrant knave Damocles ran up to something like his proper form in the Flying Handicap, and inside the distance it looked 100 to 1 on him,but be was in the newground next the rails, which have only within the last few weeks been taken farther south, while IOU,who,out on the firm ground, was going almost as fast again, caught him at the end of the stand, and beat him cleverly. Lately IOU has been 'going to do a good thing several times, but he didn't succeed until Saturday, when be showed most bril liant speed. Highland Chief ran fairly well again, but New Fashion and Gadfiy were sore disappointments. 1 don't think 1 ever saw a fitter horse in my life than Promotion, who has improved into a really good animal. He fenced better than ever, was always in the front rank, and when it came to a finish he had all the best of The Irishman, who struggled on gamely bnt fruitlessly. The winner has done good service since his owner bought him in Warrnambool, soon after which he met with an accident which threatened to pnt an end to his racing career. It was said that he broke his stifle, but 1 doubt if the injury could have been quite so bad as that. Anyhow, M& T. WiIboo and Corrigan had plenty of trouble with him for some time, but they have been well repaid for it, and the odds are not 10 to 1 that Promotion isn't better than any of the Ballarat Grand National contingent. Miss Merlin rather astonished the Gildy party by the manner in which she won the Selling Race, and then the spectators were treated to a splendid finish for the wind-np. This time IOU hadn't Moore's services, and hnjjged the rails in theBoft ground, but still it looked any odds on him at the distance, and no doubt he would have won had his boy attended to his own horse instead of looking what the others were doing. A magnifice&t; race ended in a short half-head victory tor The Yeoman, who was desperately ridden by Cracknell, Moore also making a capital effprt on that wonderful pony Ringmaster, one Of the best animalB for his inches that ever carried a saddle. What a contrast does he present to the winner, The Yeoman, who is a slashing great son of The Englishman, and as he is bound to improve with time; he will land a mnch more important race than this. He is engaged in the Maiden Hnrdle Race, to be run at the Grand National Meeting, and if he is an adept at jumping he will take some beating, evensnouiasneet Ancnoc be one of the competitors, for the latter is a very slovenly jumper. lOU's performance was criticised in a" manner which conld hardly have been palatable to those con nected with him, and there was rejoicing, except amongst a certain few, at the over throw of the clever division, who had planned a coup with Ringmaster. Tfje best-laid schemes of men, as well as mice, often go wrong, and nobody regretted to see Mr. Samnel Cook, with his sturdy Yeoman, deal out retributive justice to the crowd who had gone a raker for the wonderful little brown horse. It was said that the boy who rode IOU was to be called before the stewards, but one of them contentedjbimself by asking the lad what be meant fay riding in Such fashion, and he blabbered oat, "i did my best" So be did. The Nun's performance also came in for comment of an uncompli mentary nature, and 1 would strongly advise her owner to try different tactics with her, tor she doesn't shine at all to advantage under the system which has been adopted with her lately; and her deluded backers feel inclined to exclaim, "Get thee to a nun nery," and if she remained there they would not feel any pangs of regret This tryst of the, Victorian Clnb is likely to be remem bered ae the " high jink " meeting, and a few more such exhibitions are only neces sary to gain the clnb a reputation—bat of what "kind? I must not forget a Word of praise to Mr. Thomas Watson for his starting. It was quite up to his father's form. Caterers ate reminded that tenders will be recetag&n;&t; the V>RC.office to-day for the rigttvtfteeUing liquorn and catering generally ii the grandatanda and carriage-paddock for three yeara t-eeUwg liauore in the sadding " "ock, oysters in the same place, and, ' wre urhart booth for three yea» ,nd catering generally d tor one nV. The ^tender will notneoaSiarUy be Jhat the public ia btdftikely'te the mercy of a caterer who wljl ds of Mfe It FhnneTlf will fee has impj^ved eufficiet fejrj ' minutes. A youiyr croupier, nnmed Gardani, was dealing, «ud the play had been very tame, when suddenly a shower of notes appeared at each end 01 the table on House «nd Inverse. The bankers demurred to allowing the increased stakes. They were modified, and the couj) landed. Again the scene was enacted with the same result Then the principal ordered the players to reduce their maximums. This was done very reluctantly. With the issue once more against the table, the matter then began to look serious, and the inspector-general was summoned. He reduced the sums played for. Still the bank lost. So, suddenly they ordered the cards to be thrown up, and six fresh uacks produced. No scene took place, but the croupier was changed. The gang disappeared with the spoil, and when the curds were counted, sixty over the usual number were found to have been rung in. The croupier was arrested, tried, convicted, and sentenced to IS mouths' imprisonment. Mr. Ilead seems to have thought it a good thing, kept his own counsel, followed the money, and won a fair stake. Toe near approach of the Grand National meeting makes the handicaps for the great "leping" races doubly interesting, and they are more freely discussed than the spring events, which present so imposing an appearance . in the columns of this journal this week. Blue I Mountain, with 12st lib., has been awarded i , the highest position in the Grand National [ Hurdle Race, and deservedly so. for when he last appeared in public he carried list, and won easily, and if Scobie can succeed in bringing him to the post iu the same perfect condition the prize will probably go to Bai larat Having had an opportunity of seeing the horse a few days ago, I can only say that if he does he will deserve ail the compliments his friends can shower upon him. 1 wasn't surprised to &nd; that directly Mr. Loughliu saw the weights be put the pen through Sheet Anchor's name. The winuer of the pup of 1885 is not likely to improve, considering that he is now ten years of age. He has tried twice, once withlOst 121b. and once with list. 101b. ,aud last year succeeded in finishing a bad j third, and his owner was justified in with drawing him. Aristides is one of the most j improving of hurdle-racers, and at list. 21b. he looks as well in as anything engaged. Sir Launcelot won the Maiden Hurdle Kace so eaoily last year that there is no telling how good he is ; but be labours under the disadvan tage of having sprung a curb and shown signs of weakness in one of bis forelegs. Scobie, j however, is persevering with him, and should he face the starter he may pull through for J Mr. William Bailey, who well deserves a slice : of iuck. Ocean has 211b. more to carry than he landed victorious with last year, and this ] should lie quite sufficient. Mackay ran second to Jsit Launcelot in the Maiden Hurdle ltsce I last year, when he carried 10st., thus con ceding? lb. to Sir Launcelot. Now he receives 61b. from Mr. Bailey's horse, so that he meets him on 131b. better terms, which difference should bring them, together. Whalebone is not at all harshly treated at 10at. 81b., and Dragon reads well enough atlOst. 4!b. Trent, with 10st, looks to me like one of the dan gerous lot, for if nicely ridden he is sure to finish well. The blot of the handicap seems ] to be Friction. If this horse be as good as bis Queensland performances appear to make him, then it will not be necessary to look further for the winner. Since he came to Victoria I don't think he has been quite wonud up, but by this day fortnight he ought to be as fine as a star. He is a well-bred horse, big enough to carry any weight, a capital jumper, and possesses plenty of pace, j What more is requisite for a Grand National winner ? Distiller and Darkness are not 1 overburdened with weight, and Karimil, who ran next to The Charmer at His tern wick-1 park, is wellinalSst. lOib. Studley at Ost. 111b. reads much better in this than be does in the Grand National Steeplechase with the weights reversed. The Yeoman gave us a taste of his quality on Saturday last, when he won the Victorian Club Handicap, but though he has .plenty of pace and sufficient power to carry the 9at. Stb. allotted him, I doubt if he is quite seasoned enough to win a three miles race over Flemington. Landseer has shaped well lately, and I've an idea that Read has a very useful animal in Desperado. Roy is leniently treated, and those who believe in coincidences declare that as this is Jnbiiee year, he and Royal Oak should be the correct doable. Baliar&t;'s performance of last Satur day was hardly good enough to entitle him to much respect for such a contest as this is likely to be. Fastoria has yet to show that he is worthy of confidence, Marion has always ran like a non-stayer, and I doubt if Leporello cares for so long a journey. Grsecuius Esuriens is said to be a useful horse, and there is unotber WeBtern horse named Jack who is expected todoagood thing some day ; butifoi Scobie's pair Blue Mountaiu be fit, and Fric tion does not suffer from the injury to hiB tongue, I shall not trouble about any of the others. and as the Ballarat pair are rather doubtful, at present I incline towards Fric tkon. In the Grand National Steeplechase dame has a fair show with 12st 121b., but .like others who are verging on the sere and yellow he hasn't improved of late, and Mr. 1 Wilson will have to exercise his nursing talent to the utmost to keep the old. fellow tram his fege. Should he succeed lie will £iv£ ft ^ood account of himself. 1 don't j think Mernder should have bad an ounce; more than Lizette, a mare, who has several i James performed in first- class style over FJem-1 ington, dud has, I believe, been specially; reserved for thiB race. Her stable companion Goodwood has a weight which be is master ofj in UMi iffil nffrif Trgiiiiiliiiii' i third succes sive rtptory on Saturday last his owner could: , hardly have expected less than list 9ib. .fitudley has been always a failure over Flem Jngton, jsad if he had had 71b, less I would §hot hayeiancied him, ioj the simple reason! .that hjs doesn't seem able for the big fences pLFlcrgington. hfarmion wit 1 be tired enough; attbeendoftkreemilea. Ruby wouldhave beep I -,»oae top well treated had she been placed * iah equality with Royal Oak, who ought five a iate show with iOgt. 121b. I prefer, Ltq Dragon because hejbi$ shown us that te can get over the country, If Wymlet were fcpuo&e; slovenly fencer 1 should fancy ..but when he did win it "* *~ n fopd lack, and hod it hot flic handling of Corrigtmjhe^ ive gpt round. The 5 a great 1 „ Its flat and o* Cooper accepting, aud I fancy Indent, Arsenal, Ringmaster, First Chester, and Abner can be wiped out. The first that strikes me na fairly well in is Spade Guinea, and then Silvermine and The Jewel, both of whom ace able to get to the end of a two miles journey Industry is a good mare at any distance, out I don't fancy Dunlop over so long a course Bohemian at Sst. 21b. reads like one of: the dangerous division, but I don t fanei citl,er lvitawa or Kohai, preferring Acolyte, 1 ashn, and All Gold to either. Recall is notliUelj to go over with 7st. 101b. opposite his name. With a maximum weight of fire is not at all harshly treatedat-stJlb, nor is Yabba at the same weight, but Cairo might have had a couple oi P^V,d*Jf,s*j Yellow Jacket is a good colt, nnd is e'Udfcd to Tat Sib., but Yoleauo I wouldn t stand at a stone less., simply because I don t believe in bis ability to stay. 1 risco I like at ist. 41 x, and then away down to loo boon at Oat. 41 b. I like nothing. I've a fancy lor Fernandez too at Gst Sib. Below him I don't see any thing which is likely to trouble the judge, and the half,dozen from which the winner is j likely to come seem to me to consist of Silveruiine, The Jewel, Bohemian, ITibco, Peeress, and Fernandez. First Chester heads the list in the Hawkes burv County Purae, and over this course be should be hard to beat ; so should Dunlop, Industry, and Mitrailleuse, kohai and \ ol cano should be all at home also, but I like nothing so well bb Honeycomb at 7sk olb., and next to her Fernandez and Halcyon. New Zealand provides the top weight for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, Spade Guinea having been allotted fist., which is not an ounce too much for one who has gained so much fame in the southern colony. First Chester comes next at 8st 101b., and if Mr. lvelso can ever get him into his old form, such as that which he displayed when he stretched Nordenfeldt's neck, he will be a very tough customer indeed over a mile and a nalt. Dunlop is another brilliant atuin&l;, but suiters from a weakness in one of his legs, otherwise I should select him as one likely to make a bold bid for victory at Hawkesbury. lbe Jewel and Industry have both distinguished themselves at Randwick, and seem to me to be very nicely handicapped. Kitawa and Kohai should be both at home over a mile and a half course, but I'll not weary my readers with a long dissertion upon the capabilities of the horses engaged, fcuthce u to say that Mr. Scarr has produced a capital handicap—much better, 1 think, than hiB Metropolitan effort—and the halt-dozen I like best are The Jewel, Industry, Plutarch, Honeycomb, Peeress, and Fernandez.. . The billiard tournament of the Victorian Club is likely to be the moBt interesting that has ever been held in V ictotia. Lhe club has been exceedingly liberal in dispensing prizes, and the collection now on view at the rooms is well worth inspection. The first prize is a massive silver two- handled tankard, olc. UHi, surmounted by a figure of Victory, and its"value is £100. The other trophies are two eilver cups and an epergne, the gut ot the house committee, and Mr. L. Cohen will present silver-mounted cues to the best tour plavcrs. Over 100 entries have been received, and this number includes several oHhe best amateur players in Australia. As the early bird catcheth the worm, so is the studmaster first iu the field with bis sires likely to catch the attention of owners of mares. Mr. R. Grice, of Berwick, this week announces that Crusader will be at the service of tbe public at the moderate lee ot eight guineas. There can be no doubt Crusader was one ot the best Arabs that was ever Been in India, and certainly no better looking son of the desert has ever reached those shores. Mx» G« GUisscock has beeo appointed agent for the owner, and mares will be received at Kirks Bazaar every Thursday, and taken to the farm free of ^Mrf'o'Brien, the secretary of tbe Hcliuca Racing Ciub, requests me to state that the entries for the Hurdle Race, Winter Handi cap. and Ladies' Bag, close on Monday, July li; instead of July 12, as previously adver ^Frorn the secretory of the Geelong Racing Club I have received the full list oi entries for the Sires' Produce and Foal Stakes, but they will have to Btand over uuul next week. In the former Sir Thomas Elder and Messrs. John Crozier, J. V. Smith, and S. MiIIct are among the principal contributors, and toe same names are most prominent in the Foal Stakes. It is announced in the advertising columns of this journal that Guitaur's /na<w, contain ing all the performances of the horses en gaged in the spring handicaps, will be ready for issue early in July. . w c, Mr. J. G. Daffett has given Messrs. W.L. Yuille and Co. instructions to dispose oi toe whole of his horses in training, and on Friday, July 15, they will be submitted to auction at their atables, Newmarket, lbe I li6t will be found in the advertising columns, and first on it is Golden Fleet*, by Guinea from Phoebe. Then come Kitty F»her, Lithologist, Marlborough, Empress, Grace Darling, Bar One, The Ghost, and Tumult, Anyone in quest of a racehorse ought to be suited amongst this lot Entries for the Moonee Valley July meetang close at Kirk's Bazaar at 4 p.m. on Monday next, July 4. There are six items, the fitft being the Trial Stakes of 40sova, and as Mus | is to be under special weights, toereia sureto | be a large nomination. A Selling i Hurdle Race, of 70 sova, comes next on the list, and if Mr. Cox can contribute this to a selling face, I don't see why he should not increase such wees as the July Handicap to 100 sova TheOaklands Handicap, of SO sovs., Steeple chase, of 110 bovs.. Selling Race, of 50 sova, and the July Handicap, ot 50 sova, complete j ^Eotriealor the Bendigo Jockey Club Selling j Hnfdle Race and Fiat Race ate duewitb thehqin. secretary, Mr. J. C. Stamp, at 8 j^nui on Monday next, July 4. The meeting will fake place op Wednesday next, and return ! Wdceca ftt holiday lares will be available , at allat&ttons;, Mr. Bond has been entrusted with 'toe handicapping, and .has performed bis took welt. For the _ Hurdle Race, RtMfr Man of Kent, and Maggie Moore may fill toe nieces. The Chanter and btrjdght Shot look beet kk the Jubilee Handicap, and I fancy lEuchrc >hd . W, the WPfc-J YS^ieve.thetols*a^hwcepl I •emovipg the whole of removing the whole nt nw.«wmgwwy, %T$r. ftomiia he do; so. he jnlMet his villa T^WwdtOaulfteH/ ■v ... 4.^ veveral owhetoofwtoeplec^c^^pweviM that four miles over toe Jopse uandynaU of GMPftl wd&idihe;^ud Jfj B^kton, ^n^pned toe '^befiistonce of Tj^ Gwid on spfi^ineoSng Race ; Gihly or Rouge-et-Noir, the Selling Race ; Yoscosa or Black Diamond, the July Handicap; The Irishman or Fickle, the Steeplechase; and Gardenia, Ragman, or j Gulpha, the lOlsternwiclr park Handicap. Louise has been nominated wrongly in the Melbourne Cup and other races in which she is engaged. In her nomination papers she was described as a three- year-old, but she is actually four years old. This error can, how ever, be rectified by the Y.R.C. rules, pro vided the handicepper declares that lie knew the age of the lilly when he handicappe^l her. , At a future meeting of the Y.R.C. com mitfee it is to be proposed that no hurdle | races or steeplechases of less than two miles be published in the ftorhvi ( 'afnular. It is to be hoped it will be carried. 'These short jumping races only tend to degrade the turf, and at the same time they increase the chance of accident. At Kirk's Bazaar on Friday I saw Mr. Thomas Unity's yearling colt Snowfoot, by Suwarrow from Norma. This aristocratic joangster was interviewed by a large number of horsey men, and 1 don't remember ever i seeing a youngster that created a more i favourable opinion generally. He is like his sire in colour, grey, and possesses all his good points, with a splendid set of legs, lie goes into Mr. W. Lang's stable, and if looks go for anything a more promising youngster has never entered the portals of his establish ment Mr. Joseph Thompson has arranged for a special train for Sandhurst, on Wednesday next, to suit the convenience of those who wish to visit the Bcndigo Jockey Club Meet ing. It will leave Melbourne at 8.50 a.m., and arrive at Sandhurst at five minutes past 1'2; returning at 7.10 p.tn, and arriving in Melbourne at 10.20 p.m. Scr atchikgs. —Y.R.C. — Melbourne Cup — Mooter John at 3.30 p.m., Metal 3.80 p.m., oh June Maiden Steeplechase — Schoolmaster, Lowl.uider. Hurdle Race—Sheet Anchor. Selling Hurdles—Louis. Winter Flat Race— Recall, Meteor, First Consul, Master John, Emerald, Sunshade, Escutcheon. Elsternwiek-park.—Time Trot—Littlo Boh, Onward, Disraeli, Mew Chum, Jenny Lind. Hurdle Race— Spartan, Star. July Handicap—Sunshade, Louise. Elsternwick-park Handicap — Louise. All Engage ments— Blondiu, Highland Chief. Saved. 