THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2J>, 1887. ,In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. Mooee gave notice to move that ia the opinion of the Council the creation of the office of Crow n Solicitor is unconstitu- tional, illegal, and an usurpation of the powers i osted in Parliament. , The Master and Sonants Bill 1887, was read a second time, passed through com- mittee, reported without amendment, and the third nndmg'fixod for next day. A message was received from tbo As- sembly stating that the Roads Act Amend- ment Bill had boen passod by that Houbo, and requesting the concurrence of the Coun- cil, The bill, was passed through its oarly «stages', and the second residing fixed for , Friday .next.! ,/ i <-\ i J : [j Tho Building Societies Amendment Bill ' waa road a second Han, roasted through cjm mitte« with the addition of another 'clause, ' ana reported, irhh amendments, which weie ordered to be considered next day. The Deceased Animals Importation Con- tinuation Bill was" read a socond time, passed through committee, roportcd without amcnd mtmts, and the third reading fixed for next day. ,., j Tho dbuncH ' adjourned at 8'45> until 4 o'clock to-day.__^ In the House of Assonvbly yesterday, After the preliminary business, which waa of an unimportant character, tho House went into Committee of Supply, and re- sumed the consideration of the estimates. The remaining items of tho magistracy, the police, gaol«, and Lands and Works depart- ments as far as tho salaries of tho Works branch woro agreed to, with the oxcoption of a few items postponed. ' At 7'30 tho House wont into Committeoof Ways and Means, when tho Treasurer explained tho direct taxation proposals of the Government. At the conclusion of his speech progress was reported on tho under- standing that the proposals v, ould be debated, when tho motion io go into committeo was next moved. At a subsequent stage it was decidod to commence the debato at 4 o'clock to-day. > The House adjourned at 11-35 till 4 o'clock noxt day. '? The Treasurer niado his third finan- cial statement last night, which was liku and unliko the two which pre- ceded. It was like, inasmuch as it, went over the old ground about tho, balance-shoet ; and unlike, because it showed that change upon chango had been made, and that we are a long way from the end of the changes yet. The old challenge was thrown out that it should be shown that, less revenue was needed, or that' the deficiency "was less than it, was said to be. On these two points,] which have been fully dealt witbJ already, it seems to be necessary that we should say a fow words, as they appear to haunt the Treasurer's, mind like ghosts of innocent victims murdered by his hands. We must re Îieat, then, that nobody does say or las said, that less revenue can be done with, provided that the rate of expen- diture is kept up. " There's the villainy." What the Ministry has done is, to go on swelling the expenditure in the face of a deficiency described by itself as enormous, whereas retrench- ment and new taxation, should go hand in hand hore, as in every other Colony" of Australasia. Ministers declare that they have taken the opinion of the House, and that it will not spare so much as a single item, which we are sorry to admit is the case, but we say that Ministers should have been the guides and the ad- visers of the House, and not have pandered to a weakness which every- body knows is the besetting sin of the Assembly. This is our complaint against the Ministry. Nobody pre- tends that' there can bo reduction so long as the expenditure goes on increasing year by year-the two things are, of course, incompatible, but whether a Ministry, claiming to be specially, patriotic, ought to _help on and glory in what wise men will regard as a shame, is quite another matter. For, what are we told, and told by those who declaro that theie can bo no reduction ? Why, that since 1884 i¿ie revenue and the expenditure have gone on increasing, but the ex- penditure has increased, and is increas- ing, faster than the revenue Such a stateof affairspointsconclusively to tho necessity for retrenchment, but instead of that, Ministers glory in a heroic scheme of expenditure, and make it the excuse for a scheme of taxation which passes the heroic stage and I enters into that of folly. Once again, j too, we must answer the reference made-" so full of artless jealousy is i guilt "-to the half-year's balance sheet Tlie Treasurer said that no one ever had allowed for income to come in, to which we reply that no Treasurer ever before has had to arbitrarily close j iiis accounts in the middle of the I financial year. It is idle to appeal to I precedent, when there is none lor tue actual state of affairs. Further, it seems necessary to repeat that the duty of a Treasurer is to explain all the circumstances which show the con- dition of the Colony, and make plain that the largo deficit is simply ¿lie result of an arbitrary closing of accounts, which he failed to do, and will not do, even though the fact is admitted that the second half of the I year is always better for revenue pur- poses titan tlie first. We need not, however, further follow the conscience-stricken Treasurer in this direction, but may come to his new' proposals, the very latest edition' of which we~are told is not quite ready. ,In the first place, we have 'the usual assertion that no principles have been 'abandoned, which was the clqsingappeal to the gallery. When wo have a defi- nition of what principles are, we i may settle tin's question finally ; in the meantime, we may say that .what honest men call principles have been abandoned, .even as the j Russian mother threw her children i to the wolves to »ave her own miserable and worthless life. The tax , on fixed deposits, for example, was a I leading principle, not only with Minis- ters, but many others, aud it is heard of no more. The house-tax was the cloak of the first financial state ?ment, when the Treasurer declared ¡that he had disclosed all the proposals, ' and it can hardly be said now to be the ? 'fringe upon the petticoat. It is j retained, apparently, as a small thing ' to cover the little shame that is felt at the metamorphosis of the taxation i scheme, and is more an ornament than ' of use. In fact, nothing can be 'plainer than that the whole scheme, which we were asked to regard as a complete and perfect whole some weeks ago, which was declared to bo based on principles solid set and moulded in colossal calm, has been just ham- mered out at the last moment, and is 'a sort of scratch affair after all. ' And, what stage have we nowreached, of the many ¡Stages which this perfect scheme is destined to pass through ? We have a definition of unimproved value, ivhich is no definition at all. It is as follows:-" The sum for which the fee- simple of the land will sell without the improvements thereon." What the assessors will want to know is, what are the improvements, so that the definition may be said, like tho Yankee orator, to como out of ' the same hole as it went in at. The House was told, indeed, though there appears to be no warrant for it in vhe definition, that improvements meant fencing, drains, manure, etc., and if so, the effect will I be that the large landowners will -pay 'about one-quarter of what is properly 'ilue from thom, as 'many hold large arcas of improved land. It willi bo said,' no doubt, that they.^ill' bo caught by tho annual value tax, which is to be levied on all alike, which is true, only all farmers, gardeuers,~ánd others will be caught with them, and wo come back to the taxing of improved value after nil, and havo done no more than could havo been done without all this talk about a now principle Then, it is already admitted that the estimate of income norn busi- ness premises is erroneous, aucl wo aie sure that it will bo seen to bo altogether the wrong basis for an in- come-tax The earnings of tiadesmcn arc frequently not in pioportion to the buildings which they occupy, nor are their earnings the same at all times. A merchant or tradesman may make four thousand pounds one year in the same building and, perhaps, not one thousand the next, yet he is to pay precisely the same. If there is to be an income-tax, let us have a fair, open and honest one, which will make all men pay according to their means, and not a bastard affair, the effect of which no mortal can even approximate to, and which is admitted to be wrong already. Then, what is a " building ?" Is the man, who trades, as some do with samples in an office and earns, perhaps, two or three thousand a year to pay nothing,! whilst the man who opens a shop and may scarcely make both ends meet, is to pay a considerable sum because he occupies a largo building, which may be essential to his trade? As the discussion coes on many anomalies and contradictions will ,be found, and ire have no hesitation in saying that the principle, if there is ono, is essentially a false one to proceed upon We repeat, if there is to bd an income tax, let it be a fair and open tax, under which each man shall pay each year in proportion to his means, and not apply that principle to salaries only, which in many cases will cause tho clerk to be more heavily taxed than the master by whom ho ,is employed. We leave out, of coarse, the danger that some of these taxes will not operate other- wise than supposed, as taxes very often do, but on the face of them, assuming that Ministers can tell what their effects will be, we declare them to be only a partial, unjust and absurd at- tempt atan income-tax.which will cause endless trouble and make this Colony the wonder of all the rest. If it be true, as we are told on ex- cellent authority, that the poor in spirit are blessed, the majority in the present Assembly must be in a happy , state indeed. For, we have never seen or read of proceedings similar to thoso which that majority ' has quietly, we might say meekly, acquiesced in during the present session. Tho proceedings are so unusual, that we oannot but wonder 'that they have been allowed to pass away almost without remark-absolutely/ without remark, as fai as we remembei, in the House itself. In fact, all the tradi- tions and all the rales in rela- tion to financial matters have been broken through, and ' the Assembly, [ that Argus guardian of .the -public j purse, has not had a bark or so much | as a growl in it. We refer, of course, to the fact that the Ministry has brought down two financial statements within a few days of each other. On July the 30th the TnEASUitER pro- fessed to take the Assembly and the country into his confidence. He came down with a statement of' accounts which showed the affaiis of the country to be in a very bad conditionj.indeed, such a condition as required what^the doctors call heroic treatment, and ho proceeded to detail his heroic leme dies They consisted, as most persons know, of a house tax, an increase of @ustoms duties, a tax on fixed de- posits, and some others, the chief stress being laid upon the house-tax, which was declared to be a simple substitute for an income-tax, and one which avoided " all the objectionable inquiiy and exposuie in regard to people's private means." Having^etailcd the new taxes, the Tbeasukeb concluded byisaying -.-" I have noWj laid all the proposals of the Govei nment ns to taxa-Í tion before lion, members," and to make j¡ the assertion doubly foi cible, the word " Taxation" was honoured with a capital letter On ,' this statement, which was said to include all the pro- posals of the Ministry, one 'of the' longest debates which 1ms ever oc-j curred in the Assembly waa begun, in the course of which much dissent was' , expressed from the taxation pioposals, j but which ended in a majority of five 'for tho Ministiy. Tims, it was thought ¡that the country Knew all that it had to expect, and the House came to a ¡decision, as it thought also, with full i information aä to what it was voting 'upon. But, after the lapse of a few, ¡weeks, the Ministiy comes down with 'an entirely new set of taxation proposals, embodying things whichi i had never been heard'of before, 'things which entirely ' chango "the aspect of the financial question, and which show that the vote of confidence recorded was obtained under false pre- tences For, we have no hesitation in saying, that if the true character of the taxation had beeri known when tho 'first debato took place, there would i ¡have been a majority against the Ministry. As it wa«, a majority was only obtained «it tile last moment, 'and by means which had no refeienco whatever to the merits ol the case Tims, the Assembly has been fairly trapped The Treasurer did not state at the outset the taxation pro- posals, although ho declared that all of them had been laid before the Houso, and the majority appears to be content to quietly put up with what can only be regarded as an insult, and a gross violation of the clear practice and .honourable understanding of ministerial action. Certainly, the majority must be described, not only as poor in spirit, but absolutely with- out any spirit at all It appears not only to be careless of its own credit, but to have little or no regard for the conduct of public affairs in accordance with that usage which is based on necessary rules, . " discovered, not devised." /_~z_ Tpouhioal Education.-Ihe following gentlemen havo boen appointed members ot the Teslratcal Education Committee: Messrs. G. P. ifit/gorald, J. S. Laurie, R. M. Johnston, Alexander Morton, and A. Mault. / i Ukolaimfd Tkumram.- A message,'*« i dressed "P.Nolson," await« an owner at the Telegraph Office. "«- <> ' '' Cabi.u News.-The'strained position of aflairs at Bulgaria, consequent on «the eluc-, tion of Prince Ferdinand to .'the throne, has caiiBud the French diploniatiovagont at Sofia to follow the» example^ of his Gul mau coi[frtre, and suspend rulâtionsr with tho Kcguuuy. Tho health of the Emperor William is improviug. The sales of Austialiau wools. at Antwerp have .opened, with prices averaging atout the samo tis at tho recent Loudon silos. Mr. Jacob Bright and three othor English Radi- cal members have announced their intention of attending the monster meeting of Irish Nationalists in Dublin. Tho determination of the Government to proclaim tho Irish National League and points of difference in regard to the Irish Land Bill is likely to causo the defection of sovcral Liberal Unionist members from the ranks oí the Government pjrty._ Lkqislativk Council.-Thoro was a good attendance of membcis in.tho Legislative Council yesterday, and the Bitting was the longest held this session. Messrs. McGregor, Gmbb, and Scott wcro the only absentons, the two former being out of the colony, and the latter unable to attend' through ii ness., A desire wa* oxpressed by tho majority to proceed with the business as rapidly as pos- sible when Mr. Dodcry asked for tho second reading of tho Hoads Act Amendment Bill to bo delayed until next Tuesday, as Friday waa a more convenient day for members to attend. Mr. Mooro said he hoped they would go on whether members wcro there or not, as tho Council would drop iu tho estimation of the publia if, they were con- tinually adjourning to a day suitable to all hon. members. Mr. Dodory did not press his desire, and tho second reading of tho bill was fixed for Friday next. The Publio Health Amendment Bill is to hu read a1 second time this aftcilioon, and it is probable i that a lengthy debate will crsue. , Importation of Stock.-In the Legisla-' tive Council yesterday when.the Diseased Animals Importation Continuation Hill Was in committee, the President (Mr. W. A. B. Gellibrand) said he thought that as Now Zealand had been declared a clean colony stock coming fiom there should not have to submit to the full quaraiitino regulations. Ho thought that it would bo much better to admit sheep from there for human con- sumption than from some of the other colonies, as the mutton was much superior. New Zealand mutton foil upon turnips, and mangolds could bo landed here at a profit for l}d. per lb., and it would Bin ely bo much better to have this meat imported than some of the. stuff whioh carne from Victoria, and elsewhere, i It was, how- ever, pointed out by Mr. Gibson that the bill did not prohibit tho impotta tion of animals for slaughter, hut oiily to prevent theil- being travolled through the colouy. The Premier said that New Zea- land had been declared clean, but it would be advisable to allow some time to elapse before the portsof this colony were oponed to stock from there. Tasmania had been cle.iu for many years bofore the ports of tho othei colonies wore opened to its stock, but hu was thankful to say that tho quarantine re- gulations of the othor colonies had boen very much modified, aud advantage had been taken of them at tho recent Bales. Ho also stated that the Act was not meant to deal with scab so much as rabies, pleuro, and foot and mouth disease. Mr. Moore cou siderod it very necessary that thoy should have such an Act on their statutes in order that they could be ready for any emergency. New South, Wales was declared clean some years »ago, i but a few sheep wore im- ported from America afterwards which were infected with scab, and it cost that colony £40,000 to eiadieate it. There is one thing to be said against Now Zealand in this matter, which seemed to have been overlooked by lion, members, and that is the authorities there are not careful enough in thu matter of importing stock, as thoy allow cattle to bo imported from other colonies where plein o is known to exist without exercising a necessary amount of caution. A Dkmjsion and a Snake.-When the Premier moved the second reading of the Building Societies Amendment Bill in the Legislative Council yesteiday, the Hon. VV. Moore said ho thought it was high timo that some restrictivo legislation was introduced to deal with the Building So:ictics. At present they owned a largo amount of pro- perty in tho colouy, and although they had no1 doubt done a great deal of good, tho rates of interest charged by them were very oxoibitant. The statements which they fmblished, giving examples of what thoy md done for hoi towers, wcro, in many in- stances, a delusion and a stiaro, as it would be found on worning thom out to figures that «a man borrowing money 1 tom them would pay the principal back in about half the time allowed, and the interest which the societies received from the money they lent was not, as generally supposed, some- thing like 0 per con t., but never less than 10, and in neatly all cases 12 and 13 per cent. The lion, gentleman did not indicate plainly the diiecllon in which lie thought legislation necessary, but his remarks would lead,to the inference that he would like to sou tim rate of intuu'ßt ohargeablc by the societies limited to something less than that which they now receive. The Proi'osed Dikkut Taxation.-The Treasurer explained tho Government pro- posals for the imposition of direct taxation in the Assembly yesterday evening in a speech of an hour and a hulf duration, during which intimation of further changes on the scheme was given. The proposals will be debated this afternoon, on the motion,-" That tho-Speaker do leave the chair," with a view of'goir.g into committee of ways to consider the resolutions. The leader of, the Opposition, Mr. Nicholas Brown, will lead off in the debate,' which will probably occupy the remainder of tho week. ,..-,, j i ' A Rkbukb -During the discussion on the ' estimates in the' House of ABSombly last night, the hon, member for West Hobart (Mr. Fitzgerald), received a well deserved rebuke for his ! action ,in using the word " rot," with reference to the statements . made by the. lion.' member for Wellington (Mr. Fenton), in tho course of tho debate. Mr. «Fenton gavo him a Roland for his , Oliver, and tho House appreciated it, moro I esp'ebially as Mr. Fitzgerald is* prone to in ? dulgo in'-meaningles's'iiiterjcctious'and silly j ¡uteri upturns. " ' '- ' ' ! Tim ScÁii(,Aot Fund-Tim estimated 1 receipts'and expenditure in connection with | the department of. tho inspector of sheep ¡ Were' submitted to the Assembly in 'a mes ¡saue fiom tho Governor yesterday. The ,year 1887 »tartB with abalance from last j year of £100,, to which is addetl the esti t mated contributions fi oin one farthing per, ¡head on sheep, £1,583 Os. 8d., anil £100 on I imported sheep, making a total ievvnuo of i'l,783'ös',l8d! /The' estimated expenditure ¡for thu year ending, 30th June 1888 is the ¡same as tho piccediug year, with tf'o- nddi I tion of £50 for clerical assistance, inákicg a 'total of £1,69.3. " ' ' j That Dilkapful.Gl.kisk.-During the dis- cussion ou tho ¡estimate,,'in the House of jAsEcmlily, Mr. Crisp drew attention to the rapid growth of this suburb, and pointed out that the police-men should not bu withdiawn ¡at 12 o'clock at night. It dons seem stiangu ; that this supposed peaceful, healthy, and , appreciated locality should require tho con- stant patrolling ol vigilant constables.' Some ¡of our most respected citizens reside thoie, and if they get homo late their delay is 'caused cither By Parliamentary business or i other equally urgent circumstances. As OTHKU.H Sue Us.-Tho Arytts says ; "Jn Tasmania the feeling aroused by the j unhappy policy of taxing Australian pro- I ducts is conspicuous enough. Soino of the proposals of the Hobart Treasurer arc cer i taiulv so fantastic as to leave no room for wonder why the Hobart Assembly should be disposed to declare against them. A poll I tax on all professional men, one charge on a [barrister ot livo yoars' standing, another on ¡a doctor of seven, the doctor without patients or property to pay as much as the leaders of the profession, the briefless barris- ter to be mulcted the same as the prosperous lawyer-all these are ideas that piovoke .either laughter or anger. And so it iis with the suggestion that tho impost on local commission agents and brokers, ' 'should bo set off by a fee of £25 to bo paid by commercial tiavc-llura coming into'Tas-' mania. Unfair und impolitic as an all-ruund' income tax is, it would be more convenient and moro equitable than crude notions of , taxing shop uitos, taxing agencies, taxing according to »««monty io profussions, and of getting at men in odd and unexpected ways in all (iii ections. But the tone of the House, wu arc told fruin Hobart, is not only adverse to this scheme, but is distinctly in favour of imposing retaliatory duties as against thta colony. The failure of the icclprooity nego- tiations two years ago sacras to have 'occa sionod discontent, and the recent hardwood > discussion has fannod tho cmbeis." ' Tasmanian Woot.-At tho last May Junp wool sales in London tho highest price for llueeu wool was obtained for 70 bales, "VV, Blown, Kllcnthorpo," and which averaged Is. 2d. pet lb. Tjiis exclusively shows that it pays tu ship wool in grease f i oin this colony. ( Tiik Chaki,»» Joun's Fund.-We have .received £2 from M.A.G. towards this relief ,fnnd. The 'subscription acknowledged yes Iterday from ''A.J.O." should have been from"A.J.O. . 1 Wkst HonAnr Association.--A meeting bf members of tho West Hobart Association was held in tho H lining ton Hall last even- ing. Mr. J. Gellie was chairman, and thore was a very good attendance. The Secretary, Mr. W, Smith, lead the minutes of til» previous meeting, which were confirmed, and hu also read apologies from Mtsars. Burgess and Fit/uoiald, Ms.H.A., mid Mr. Alderman Dillon. The committee appointed to f raino i ules for the guidance of the association, brought up their report.^ The Tules were similar to those of kindred associations, and after considerable discus- sion tliey «'uro adopted with slight altera- tions. The subscription to the association »as iiited at Is. for admission und 2s, a year afterwards.' Thii ty-two members wore enrolled,mid the folio« ing ofliccis olectod : President, Mr. J. Gellie; waft-presidents, Messrs.. W. H. Burgess and G. P. Fitz- gerald i'soeretary.Mr. W. Smith ; treasurer, Mr.'T. Durey ¡ roinniitteo, Messrs. Sea brpqk, Bidoneope, Nichols, Becdhani, Hall, Wilson, tSnowdun, Swan,, Paton, Oinant, Johnson, and Cutlibeitson., ,The follow ing were appointed a committee to consider the question of a i ooreatiou ground and ropoit to . tho association1:-Messrs. Beedhnm, Snowduu, Scabiook, Hall, Nichols, mid the president, secretary, and treasurer. It was rusolvyd,-" That the secretary write to the ^City Council, requesting that in any future "works that may bo carried out on Lans- downe.. Cresent, with municipal or Parlia- mentary funds, the wanta of that locality be taken Hilo account with a view to having, those dpuo which are most benoliciiil to the whole district. , j CiiKAi' Rabbits.-Though Hobart bakers insist that the poor man, oven if he comes 'cash in hand, shall payao exorbitant pi ¡co for the staff of life, ho has yut the solace of knowing that a palatable meal for his1 children is obtainable at trifling cost. Potatoes aro,cheap and rabbits cheaper. Yesterday the well-known dame who hawks 'rabbits through the streets offered thom at ! 6d. per. pair, while following close in her wako was a competitor in tho trade, who lustily announced, "Fresh wild rabbits; five for a la." , , , Hoist with his own Pktaw>.-" Res publica " writes as follows re tlu present prico of bicad :-" If Mr. C. D. Haywood wished,to showjthe utter absurdity of tho excuse urged for the i high rate charged for bread, he could not havo dono so in a better way than by his letter in Monday's Mtreury. li ho can make it pay to supply tho steamers at'a tower rate, surely he can do the same to regalar customers, who, in the aggregate, must consumo 20 times as much every week. Where ia the difference 1 No, Mr. Hay- wood, like a nood many more of tho ' friends of tho working man,' only used him as a stepping stone, and as soon as Ilia end was served, the ' working man ' could go to tho \- wall, for all ho cared. Truly these rings, cliques, etc,, which seem to rulo almost everywhere in Tasmania are making it a perfect paradise (?) for tho ' working man,' so much so that a numbor of them, as soon aa they are ablo, mako a holiday trip to tho neighbouring colonies and-stay there." Tjik Launceston Toa Steamkb.-At a meeting of the ' Launceston Marine Board yesterday, a letter fi om the Agent-Gcuoral waa read acknowledging bank ' draft for £5,873 to pay for the tu£ Wybia, winch the bokrd has preferred getting built in Eng- land, rather than in tlfe colony. The Agent General adds that he is > afraid the amount août will not cover cxtraB and in apection fees, ' and for tho present ' the Marine Hoard remains in doubt aa to what tht ultimato cost of the vessel will bo, and also as to whou the steamer will hu com- pleted. ? < ' A Sthanok Animal im Arthur's Lakhs. -We published on Monday last, a statement made by an " Eyo witness " relativo to a strange animal seen in Arthur's Lakes. Mr. A. Morton gives us reminder that in 1872 Mr. C. Gould, F.G.S., prepared a paper which was rend befure the Royal Sooiety on " Largo Aquatic Animals " (probably fresh water Boals), existing in tho upland lakes of Tasmania. In this paper which is published in the proceedings of the society, Mr, Gould givps an interesting account of tho result of his inquiries on tho subject. In September 1870, an intelligent youth named Fuméis McPartland, son of Constablo McPartland, then stationed at the Picton, caid lie liad several times seen water animals in tho lake at different places. On one occasion he saw them off the shore at Swan Bay w ithin a stone's throw of tho shoro, and they scorned to be 3ft. or 4ft, long, und three or four in number, playing about, splashing the water sometimes 7ft. or 8ft. in the air, and show ing their backs and heads above water, the latter being " round like a bull dog." Thoy were darkish in colour. Shep- herds stationed in the vicinity of the Lakes, havo described an animal like a black sheep dog, often seen swimming there, with only its head out of water. They maintained that it was not a plutypus, but twice as large and much darker. Mr. Charles Headlam, of Egleston, described an animal seen in 1863, which nearly cunio into contact with his uar as ho and his son were pulling aeross the Gi cat Lake against a strong betta sea, a» " a large looking beast, about the si/o of a fairly developed sheep dog," and which started olf at a great speed towal ds Helen Island. It had " two small dappers or wiugs, and went at the rate of 30 milda unborn. Messis Howe, Shadwick,and Curtie also saw and shot at a strange animal in Lake Tiberias, estimated at 5ft. or Oft. in length, and with a btoiulth of back of nearly 2ft. Inquirios nudo in the neighbourhood elicited the fact that loud roarings were heard in the night. Mr. John Butloi, of Shene, had .alsojicen at Lake Echo the.water thrown 8ft. or 10ft. high iu the ail, and Mr. Moiton , Allport had mentioned that some aquatic animal, as big as a calf, was repotted as > being in the deep pools of the Jordan River.? Mr. Gould inclined to the belief that the, i animal seen was of the seal speciesi and ¡probably allied to the otter like or soal like animal, whoso existence in the rivers und ] lakes of the mountain distiicts of New Zea-, land has been established ' by Dr! ' Haast without doubt. ' -* Dkkauj.t Sale.-Yesterday Mr.,Crouph put up for salo a number of Jots of land that were saleable owing to default of, pay ment t of instalments. The sale waa | a 'poor.ono, ' and the following lota weio, disposed of :-, ,Town of Hamilton, 0 acres, £1018a, Id. (upset), J. C. Mitchell; palish 'of Coning-' ¡hain, 15 acres (upset £8), W. Waller) £21 ;, ;piuisli of Champ, 25 acres, 'J. C. Mitchell, ¡£3 Cs. 8d. (upset). ' ' Pouch Couiit.-Mr. Wni. Tarleton, CITY POLICE COURT.— Mr. W. Tarleton, officiated at this court yesterday morning Francis Garth, on bail, was further re- manded until the 30th inst. on a charge of assaulting one Charles Scott, at Sandy Bay, prosecutor being unable to appear. James Bradley, for trespassing on private property, belonging to Mr. Walton, of Risdon, was fined 5s. Robert Hurst was sued for a breach of the Health Act by emptying a quantity of nightspil into a drain off Murray-street. Defen- dant said he had been engaged by the landlord of the Marino Hotel to do the work. He was fined 20s. or 14 days' imprisonment, the Bench remarking that the employer ought to pay his fine for him. Thomas Porterhouse, on bail, charged with drunkenness, did not appear when called on, His wife explained that he was too ill to leave his bed. The case was postponed for one week. A Mishap with Poison.—Early yester- day morning a man named Andre Taylor was conveyed from his residence in ittle John-street, to the General Hospital, by police constable Flight. The facts of the case show that Taylor had obtained two bottles of medicine, one for internal and one for external use, he was suffering from a skin disease, Accidentally he took some of the latter, which was poisonous. He im- mediately became very ill ,and suffered a great deal of pain. By the taste of the mixture he was immediately aware of the error he had made, and on arrival at the hospital was promptly treated. No serious consequences are feared by the medical authorities. Dog Poisoning—Mr. J. Turner, fruit merchant, has been the victim of a mean and cowardly action. He was the possessor of a very handsome fox terrier dog which had a high reputation as a rat-killer, and did immense execution in this way on the wharves. The animal was quite a pet, and much valued by his owner, but some evil minded person poisoned the poor dog. This is the tenth dog that Mr., Turner has lost in the same manner, WkuNkbdAY Halk-Homdav.-TIic Drapers I and Grocers' Association uniiouuce that Mr. Duggan, of Murray-street, will close his place of business overy Wednesday at 1 p.m. I j St. Andrew's Choiu.-The mumba s of ithis choir will give a concert on Friday evening In St. Andrew's 'schoolroom, com- mencing at 8 o'clock." ( , ' ' * Concert.-On Friday evening noxt tho members of St, Andrew's choir will give a popular concort lu tho schoolroom attached .to the church. This room has buen recently decorated and improved to a great' extent, ,and'ia now one of the prettiest in the city. The small charge fur'admission should en- sure a large audienee. ' ' " . ' , Masonic-Members of Lodge ,No. G36, B.C., meet this evening at the Masonlo Hall at 8 o'clock, to accompany the'W.M. and' ¡his orficera'ou an official visit to Lodge No, 345,1.C.. >? . -t -It'- li PoruxAii SciKSOK Lecture.--Tho Friends' Meeting House, Murray-street, was com- fortably filled last oveiiing when Mr, Samuel Clemes delivered another of his instructivo lcütmes on popular science. Tho subjects under discussion wine caibon monoxide und hydrochlorio gases. After detailing tho nunitur in which these gases urie formed, and their "uses, the lcctuior gave an in stance of the poisonous natalities of tho f liner, and stated that its inhalation was a most popular way of committing suicide in Fiance With .reference to hydrochioiiugas it was mado fiom salt and sulphuric iiuid, und was of usu in acting on motuls to form chloiidcá. The lecture was ihtersperscd with numerous experimenta of an interest- ing nature, and was listened to with evident pleasure by thoso| present. Tho lecturer announced that chlorine gas would bn tho subject of his next discourse. VihiT, ok Dr. Dale an» Mu. Aliiert Si'ioMt.1-The following resolution was unanimously passed during tho May sossiou of the Coiign-uational Onion of England and Wales :-" That tho ABBOiubly lias heard with great satisfaction that Dr. Dalo and Alboit Spicer, Es(|., J.P., have accepted the invitation of our «brethren in South Aus- tralia to take part, next September, in the jubilee celebration of the first planting of Congregationalism in that colony, by the arrival of the first paBtor sent to Australia, by the Colonial Missionary Society, tho Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow ; and that they purpose subsequently to visit most of tho great cities of Australia and Now Zea- land. Knowing the passionate loyalty of our 'kin beyond sou' to homo and father- land, ana their oft-repeated request that thu impulse given to Fico Church principles by the visit of the sainted Thomas Binney might be renewed by Uko visitations ' of honouicd representativo men, the Assembly gladly sends cordial, fraternal greetings to the Australian churches and pastors, com- mends Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer, to the watchful care of our heavouly Father, and anticipates abundant results of blessing from til is mission of congratulation and sympathy, both to the colonial and tho homo churches." In moving this resolution, the Rev. J. G. Rogers said : - " Theso brethren go out from us carrying with thom, first, tho love of the churches to themselves, and, sooondly, au expression of affection and sym pathy from tho ohurches at homo to thoso in the colonies, I am afraid we have not been sufficiently alive to the necessity ,of cultivating a sonso of onoucss hetwen Engj land and tho colonies.' Wo aro proud of this great English and Coloidal Empire as any Jingo in the land, but wo do not look upon it m a Jingo spirit. Wo do not want to have a groat federation of English speak- ing peoples for tho purposo of putting dow« othor nations, but we do want to have u federation of English speaking Christian churches for tho purposo of winning tho wliolo world for Jesus Christ." Should the Arawa arrive oarly this morning, the Bpecial tender for friends desirous of going out to wolcome that seiitlemau will leave O'May a Wharf at ,0 o'clock. Further particular will then bo obtainablo at Wnidi's of any, services Dr. Dalo may undertake. r, , M ' Nrw Church at the Castra-road. On Thursday, the 25th hist., a new Presby- terian church will be opened at tho Castra;' North-west Coast. Tho Rev. James Scott, of St. Andrew's, Hobart, has gone up to assist the Rev. Henry Trcmlett Hull in con- ducting the opening services of this church, the third that this energetic young minister has planned, collected for, started, und seen finished in the period of about five years ; ' the first being at Bicheno on the East Coast, the second at Green Ponds, and the third at tho Castra. AH these are places with a largo i number of Presbyterian people who have hitherto boen without a church of their own denomination to , attend. During next summer Mr. Hull hopes to see a church com- menced at the Penguin, a new,' and rapidly increasing settlement, and also one at Latrobe, these and many other townships' being included in his extensivo district. His i many friends will wish him every success iii his undertakings. ' ' ' Concert at Bellerive.-On Friday next ' a concert in aid of the Clarence Parsonage Fund will be given at tho Bellerive Insti-' tute by Hobart amateurs and othcis., Cuori'iNG Match.-The chopping match betweon Vince and Fitzaokerly, tho two renowned wieldet s of the axo, is announced . to come off, to-day at Longley. A good deal of interest centres in this match, us both men have been in training for some time, and good ariangcmants aro mado to convoy pus . «ongera to the sccno of the contest. A' handicap shooting match for a sweepstakes is also announced to come off this morning at Longloy. COURSINO.-The meet of tho Hobart Kennel Club, which was to have been held «a fortnight ago, but was postponed in conse-' 'quenco of the intercolonial football mutches,Is' < announced fur this afternoon. If the weather proves suitable no doubt tho sport and the attendance will be quite up to the average. , Trotting.-A trotting match between tho ' horses Gaffer Groy and Deceiver, in harness, i for £25 a side, has been arranged to como off du tho 1st prox. on tho Now Town-road, the distance being from O'Brien's Bridge to 'the biidgo near the show ground. Deposits 'of £5 each have been left with, the stake ,holder, Mr. J. Ogilvie, 'at the' Mariner's Compass, by the respective backers, Messrs. William Harrison and Robert Porthousc.' The liol so Deceiver has recently boen worked in a Hobart cub. ' Nsw Guinea Horticultural" Treasures - -Baron Von MUellcr,has8ays the Melbourne Herald, of tho 17th inst., reccivod a com municatioii'from Mr. C. Hartmann to tho' effect that ho and Mr. Goorge Hunter have reached tho summit of- the dividing runge, near Mount Ohio«, which would bo about ihalf way between Port Moresby 'on''the ¡South coast, ' and Dyke Acland'« Bay on ,the North coast of British New Guinea iThc1 season proved exceptionally wet, so that these bold travellers had a far ¡more difficult task than under ordinary circumstances would bavo boen the case, (Thoy intend to resume their expedition with ,a view of getting quito across tho Peninsula, ¡by which means then an overland communi- cation would bo established between im ¡portant harbours, north and south) A largo ¡line valley opened from the summit of tim ¡lange, east by north to AcIand'B, or perhaps Colfingwood's Bay, with a long spur towaulu [tho main r mge to the lof». Tho soil bolow ¡the deposit of humus was found to be of ¡stiff reddish, or yellowish clay. ' The ¡rocks aro deeply broken and, flinty. ¡There is, a , paradise of palms und ¡ferns, one palm with long leaves which juro crimson in a young state. Mr. Hait ¡nianii speaks also of bamboos, musas, aroidB, ¡pandanus, orohids, draoaunas, begonias, ¡and other treasures of _ horticultural wealth, which he will render accessible to Australian gardens. From Higo, where ¡Mr. Hunter is Government Resident, the ¡three days'route to Port Moi csby was done on horses. From Rio to Dr. Claiksou's last (camp took throe days alai ; and thonco two 'days were required to gain the summit of ,tho lange. The highest olovation reached by (Messrs. Hunter and Hartmann is not given. I Thoy started, with 27 natives, to carry bur ¡dens and to cut tho track. At every village they passed moro nativos joined, the number) ¡when Dr. Clarkaon'a last camp was reached», ¡having increased to 183, and (¡nally they mus- tered over 300, sufficient to intimidate some ¡hostile tribes. Two or threo pigs weroi ¡bought every owning to aid ii feeding tho 'largo human traill. The main range is thu 'Saromogoro, which the tribes near wish to guard as the abode of tho souls of their j departed.friends; but thoy abandoned their superstitions, and finally acted even as jguidoB, though tiley had summoned by, ¡messages all their neighbours to dcstioy tho ¡party, ,To Mr. Hunter's kuowlcdgo of the ¡natives near him and their attachment to ¡liim thu success was due, supported by Mr. jUartman's fearlessness and humorous sociability, though at one time, over 100 armed warriors opposed tho progress of the party. y An Irishwoman's Gift to the Queen. The World says -.-" Of all the jubilee offer inga which Her Majesty" has boen asked to ¡accent none ,havo been simpler than two now laid eggs which a poor Irishwoman sent to the Queen by a bishop. Hearing that the bishop of the diocese was going to London! in Itho jubilee week, -this Irish' Loyalist asked him if tho Queen would accept two eggs for her breakfast1 from an Iiish widow. The bishop brought them across St. Georgo's Channel and transmitted them to Windsor, with a description of the donor's poverty and loyalty ; and they were, accepted by tho Queen, who is making in iquirios as to what -would bo the most useful present she might sond to her Irish subject jin return, , , 'The spring show of tho Bollorive Horti- cultural «Society ia announced to bo hold on tho27th December next. , , i Tho Hobart Konnol Club bavo arranged a swoopstakes for fox terriers, under 231b., i that ¡bavo never won a first prize; to take 1 placo on tho 31st inst. W We have been requested bf Messrs. Flexmore and Lord to draw the attention,of purchasers to the sale of truck primo chaff, which takes place at the railway sheds, This Day, at half-past 11 o'clock.-rAdvt.l 'KfcATixa'a Cowan Iäzsmu« , cures , Cousin, Aithm», Dronchltl«. iK«td|«sl,twUinony lUtes (hat oo other medicine U to effectual la lb« cars of then lugerou* maladies, use LOMDge alone gives eue, one or two at bedum esraiMirétt,. Vor relief lui ^tdtrofli UIq no opium dot say violes« dru».' Bold fir all VbtBtMi, U luu. Ulfa ¿Mae ii? ash 