The Doctor's Daughter. " CHILDHOOD'S HAPPY HOUES." (See the colored supplement in this number.) " Oh, dear, dear. I neyer did Bee such a child as Dolly ia all my born days. First she baa measles; and Bbe's no sooner oured of that than she getB oroup, like little Georgy ; and the more 1 squeezed her the more she squeaked. Then she got gout, like papa; and when she'd got her legs all rolled up in flannel she looked as if she was going to say, " G'rr-go away. miss. Mind my foot, 1 tell you." And when I'd got that cured, she just took and broke ont with neuralgia, like Aunty Sophy ; and now I've got to put flannel round her face, and pive her her mixture, and go away, Flo. This isn't for you. I'll get your physic by-and-by. Oh dear, oh dear, what a lot of trouble we doctors do have to be sure." And May measured out the medicine carefully, and, attt r she'd pretended to give it to Dolly (as shown in the colored Christmas supplement of thiaweek'a TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL), she Bucked the spoon herself ; for the physio was made of liquorice water. Then she made some ginger-bread pilla; and what Dolly couldn't swallow May shared between her self and Flo; and very probably it did just as much good as a lot of the nasty stuff the real doctors give us. But Hay was not satisfied. Dolly looked really ill. She was as pale as a ghost, because all the red had been washed off her cheeks. So May said that she should really have to sit up with the greedy, careless child all night. " Why not put her crib on the table beside your bed P" said May's mother. *. Oh. yes," replied May, " that will do beautifully ; and, of course, I shan t sleep a wink all night." " Of course nor-," replied her mother ; and so, when May went to bed, she lay quite still with her eyes wide open for ever so long, till at last she thought she saw Dolly sit up in the cradle, and take the flannel off her head. May was so surprised that Bhe could not say anything, but just lay there wondering what would happen next. Then Dolly Btood right up, and began to dunce ; and she kicked out the leg she'd had the gout in. Then she squeaked out quite dearly, and not at all hoarse as Bhe was when she had croup. Then ohe skipped across to where some lollies pa had brought from Sydney were lying, and began to eat them greedily. " Oh dear, oh dear," thought May, " she'll be worse to-morrow. 1 shouldn't wonder if she got typhoid, or small-pox ; and then I shall have to quarantine her." Then May began to consider whether she should send Dolly to North Head in the steam launch, or take her to Little Bay in the ambulance wagon; and juBt then Dolly gave such a squeak that Bhe made May jump. May sat up, and rubbed ber eyes. The daylight was shining in through the blind; and May could hardly helieve that she was awake when she saw Dolly lying in her oradle with her face wrapped up just as she ; had been put to bed, and looking as innocent as possible. But the strangest part of the affair was that not a si ugle lolly was left in the morn ing, and, as May, of course, wouldn't eat lollies, the wonder was where they went to unless Dolly . did get up and gobble them up in the night. - . . Of course, after that Dolly had to have l»»CS£gf ."*'-:'*. physic. But the color has never come back toner cheeks; and it is very doubtful wnether she'll ever get over it. BJJIZZABD. 