THE TREASURE 05 THORBURNS. BY FREDERICK BOTLE, Author of "On the Border Land," "AGood Hater," " Camp Notes," &c.; [Published bj- special arrangement with the author. AH rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXI.-WACE ONSLOW. George Genest had BO peremptorily for bidden himself to callers that the ser vant would not take in Mr. Esking's name, and Mr. Genest, sen., was out ; so the visitor returned, raging in a fashion most unusual with him. But by dinner-time hi3 composure was restored. Even such nerves could not quite sustain the part which Mr. Esking liked to play at his own table- learned, but genial, with a word upon every sub ject, Buggestive of deep reading, but not beyond the capacity of any gueBt. Feel ing himself unequal to that cheery, digni fied converse, he prudently took another line, and chattered in high spirits. Hilda noted the revolution with anxiety that approached despair. She had time to think in the interval betwixt parting with Eldred and meeting her father. Her indignation, that is, her confi dence, gave way ; a thousand recollec tions harassed her. George's warning came back with a bitter force she had not recognieedat the time. Eldred's conduct in maintaining friendly terms w-as monstrous, but lie, accuser, might trifle with dignity and good faith ; her father, accused, would be shamefully weak to endure a truce. And he was not weak ; no such comfort could his daughter lay to her soul, For the new possibility put forward in her passion, that Mr. Esking must regard the charge as too absurd for resentment, Hilda could not sustain that to herself on reflec tion. Most distressing of all was the memory of her father's embarrassment when Eldred declared that within a few hours he hoped to know where his Trea sure lay. It was, perhaps, after further explanation that Mr. Esking left Thor bums hastily, alleging sudden illness; but on reaching home he drove forthwith to the Warrenage ! And now, instead of that receuilltment which even a guiltless person might display when the test ap prc aches, he was almost noisy ! Hilda felt sick at heqrfc, she did not even ask after his health, nor did Kate. The ex cuse was transparent. Afler dinner Mrs. Fanshavre took an opportunity of referring' to the matter of their conversation. " I was sinfully gratified to see you drive away with Mr. Genest. What passed between you was unbefitting a Sabbath morn, I fear, but I trust that it led you to avoid a heavier sin. Do you feel now that you could have married him, Hilda, conscientiously before Heaven and man ?" " I have not to ask myself the question -it answered itself. I am deeply grate ful to you, aunt. There iB no further talk of my marriage." "Then I give thanks, child, and you, do not forget the overruling Providence whose instrument I am. If you had found, on rtflection, that you loved this young man, I Bhould have been happy. His leanings, I understand,' are not evil, though worldly ; his position la good, an old family, and the prospect of a career. But if you do not love him these things are naught! I rejoice that it is broken off. We will say no more, but remember your devotions, Hilda. And now, what are we to do, Kate and I ? Does my brother yet know what lia3 happened ?" " Papa knows that I cannot marry Mr. Genest, but I have not yet told him that we have come to an understanding." j "Do not delay. Tell him to-night- j at once. How do you think he will take i it?" Mrs. Fanshawe added weakly. "He will not say much, I think-he i3 prepared." " No, my dear, but what will he do ? "What is to be our position ? We were invited to see you through your wedding, as it were. John may consider that since the wedding is off we should return .immediately." " I am quite sure he will not, aunt. 1 shall ask him to let you remain as long as you please, and he -will certainly ap prove." " Well, Hilda, 1 hope so. This eaay life, in a house well appointed and well controlled, is a sort of relief to me. I must say you manage the servants and everything most admirably. The elders might declare me self-indulgent, but they weie not biought up to such things as I was. A man servant ia vanity-this handsome furniture and the strange costly things around, might be a tempta tion to the flesh. They are not so to me, Hilda. It is in a chastened spirit that I regard them, as familiar pleasures once, now gone, as all earthly things must. I lind fruit for meditation not unprofitable in observing such lusts of the eyes once mere." 'ihe philosophy was confused. Hilda couid not help smiling, and Mrs. Fan shawe plunged yet deeper in the effort to recorcile a harmless satisfaction in the luxurious comforts of life, with the ethics taught by her creed, Eate's arrival was welcome to both. Hilda went down to the Charter-room. She found the ^door .locked, and Mr. Baking did not open it for some minutes. He had been engaged In a longing, des perate examination of the leather che3t. Never through a life not uneventful in temptations of the kin'd had he felt such a maddening desire to break his plighted word ! Very briefly Hilda told her tale. It did not surprise Mr. Esking, of course, aud at the point to which things were hurry ing, it scarcely annoyed him. If Wace Onslow displayed the acumen which he almost surely would, within 24 houra the crash must come. That was not a reason with Mr. Esking for the breach of his share in the agreement, but if George re leased him, very good. He turned at once to another combination. How Eldred had come to learn that his Treasure lay in the oldest part of Thor burns had occupied very few moments of thought. Mr. Esking saw at once that Hubert must have told him in a spirit of revenge. While waiting for his carriage he enclosed the IOU in a letter to Thwaite, directing him to proceed with the utmost rigor of the law, and dis missed that question. Matters vastly more important than revenge occupied his mind, but in passing he dealt a blow at an enemy. " Well, my dear," he said, smiling kindly, " if you and George have settled it, I can only hope that you know best where your happiness lies. I have my daughter for a few months more, and that is so much gained in my point of view." ! "A few months, papa ?" j "I dare not hope more than that. A father must not expect to keep the j loveliest girl in England, who has a handsome fortune, too, even in a lonely ' place like this, much beyond her nine teenth birthday. There ia compensation also, when one come3 to think of it, in our friendlessness. The rupture of your er gagement will not get into the papers it will hardly be talked of in the county. By-the-bye, there is no occasion to detain your aunt any longer." " I should like her to remain, pipa and Kate." " Very much 1 Then let it be so. It is not actually impossible, perhaps, that we may have to summon them again , before long." "What for?" " My dear, I cannot conceal from, my; elf that you had two strings to your bow-? that is, another string lies ready to your hand if you please to take it up. Don't look so preternaturally guileless. You must know tliat Thorburn i3 in love with jou ?" " I know it, for he told me." "He went so far as that? Well, my child, to speak of another suit in the same day that one is broken off" might be pro nounced indelicate by Mrs. Grundy, so I will say no more." "But I want to know, papa. "Jou re gard it as possible I might marry Mr. \ horburn, though assured that I will never marry now without love 1" " H'm ! he Is one of the finest young men in England, and handsome, too. A deal of romance hangs about him. He did you a striking service the first time you met allow me my little joke to enliven this grave fubject. He has done a number of fine tilings since, in the finest way, such as facing a desperate sailor, pulling a knife outof his arm, rescuing a gentleman from a blazing brougham-very original that situation-and I don't remember what besides. Then he has a most inte resting old house, and a pretty fortune. Moreover, his character so singularly matches yours that if weddings are made in heaven one might piously think you were in intended for one another. Yes, upon the whole, my dear, I regard it as possible you might marry Mr. Thor burn !" " Oh, what monsters men are !-For give me ! I was thinking you both hold the same view-Mr. Thorburn, who accuses my father of theft, and my father who is accused !" '' What-what ?" For once Mr. Eating was taken aback ; bat before she could answer he recovered himself, and con tinued smiling. "Did Thorburn tell you this grotesque story ?" "1 made it out from what you said, papa, and George said, and Mr. Thorburn himself said to-day ! I have known for a a loDg while that there was something. Oh, challenge him to the proof, appeal to the law, take_any steps ! Don't, papa, oh, don't sit down under this charge, and keep on terms of acquaintance with the man who dares to lay an infamous charge against you !" "Hilda, I have passed many years of repute among men, and respect towards myself. My name is known widely, and wherever known it is honored. I am sorry, deeply sorry, that this foolish tale has reached your ears, but when you con sider my position, and that of the young man who makes the charge, you can understand that I laugh at it. Eldred Thorburn has a host of good quali ties, but no experience of civilised life. He is used to think it not possible only, but probable, that a neighbor might steal. Though the soul of honor himself, as I feel veiy sure, existence among dishonor able aid reckless men has given him sus picions out of place here. YV hat does he know of my stainless repu'ation '? I am but a neighbor, like others, and neighbors in his experience, as I have said, steal when they get the opportunity. This is not suggesting that Thorburn belongs to that class. He feels himself, and is, I repeat, an exception. But it explains my conduct under the circumstances. I un derstand, and I simply laugh. Why Bhould I not keep on term3 of acquaint ance with a young fellow who acts honestly enough in his mistaken point of view ?" Mr. Esking gave just time enough to realise the force of his argument, not to summon the arguments contra. "Now go, dear," he said pleasantly. " Dismiss all these anxious imaginings. Remember always that I do not blame Thorburn for acting according to his lights. He is a noble fellow, as keen on the point of honor as gallant, and big enough to contain all the virtues in a proportion quite abnormal." Laughing ! cheerfully, he bade Hilda good-night, aud I led ber to the door. The change in liia ' face as he atood filling hia churchwarden after she had left was finely dramatic. Thus many an applauded actor, with death at his heart, abruptly resumes his pains and terrors at the wing. Next morning came a note from G eorge. After it apologies continued-"But I cannot see what good purpose an inter view would serve now. Miss Esking has told you what took place. For the other matters 1 withdraw. If I am questioned by anyone who has authority to ask, I shall tell everything and bear the conse quences." Mr. Esking paled with scornful anger, thought awhile, and dismissed the groom with a message that he would foliow immediately. Mr. Genest was sitting with I113 son, and he scowled so savagely that the visitor spoke first to him. "Things have taken an unfortunate turn, sir, I perceive, or I imagine that you know enough of the circumstances to understand my position and your son s.' "Iunderstand nothing at all/ replied the squire hastily, mindful of the penal ties incurred by an accomplice after the fact. " Bat I see that you and yoar daughter have almost killed my boy. Look at him.:' George was a wreck indeed. His ner vous temperament had collapsed under these trials and anxieties ; his face was drawn like that of a broken old man, his eyes, unnaturally shining, had a hunted look. Sir. Esking was shocked. "I feel for you deeply, believe me! George, you must go away. Dismiss all this business from your mind, and regain composure with health. I should recom mend a German spa, or, better still, a long tour in Italy." " What nonsense ! You know he couldn't go alone, nor cheap, and I could as soon raise £2,uOO as £200!' " You must allow me to help you. Don't cry out, George ! I feel myself re sponsible for this unfortunate state of things. Let me arrange it with your father." " I would rather starve !" " But consider my feelings. I can bear the consequences of my act with calmness so far as they touch me, but to think that you were suffering would be exquisitely painful. I put it upon that ground alone, as a favor. You can enter into my feel ings, Mr. Genest?" " Why, yes, George. Who breaks pays. Mr. Esking is the cause of all your misfortunes-as I have been led to understand!-and he only does what is right in proposing to remedy the mis chief." "Then, George, besides the question of health, think how desirable it is you should go away." "I can't go with your money !" " I must tell you that the crisis is afc hand. This evening, in all human pro bability, the case in defence we have so often considered will break down " Mr. Genest rose suddenly. I don't want to hear your private business ! Let me see you before you go, sir !" He left the room. " This evening, George," whispered Mr. EsEing, drawing close to his ear, " Thorburn will find out, and will be able to prove that a hole has been dug in his property, and something abstracted within a short time back. He will be able, at length, to connect what evidence he has against us with the removal of that something. The strong part of our case fails. Proceedings may be. taken, and they will." The hunted look turned to agony ; per spiration sprang to the tortured face. " And what shall you do ?" " Kothing, if you are reasonable. I ask you to let me break open the chest and secure its contents. Then we are safe." "I refuse-I refuse-never! I will write to Thorburn-tell him all, and trust to his mercy." Mr. Esking did not try to persuade or to threaten. He saw that another word might drive the youth to this decisive act upon the spot. "Then the alternative is to go away within an hour. Leave me to tight. I swear that you shall never be brought trader suspicion. If things come to a risk of that I will confess all. That I swear, George, and my word was never broken till this day." Mr. Genest put his head into the room. " Is it settled1?" " Yes. You must start in an hour. Poor George's health i3 reason enough. Put aside all business, Genest, and get him away. Buy what you want as you travel." He slipped a piece of paper into the squire's hand, whispering, "If you leave an address don't hurry to get there. Good-bye, George. Dismiss all your cares. I am responsible, and only I!" Limp as a rag, George faltered, "I rely on your word of honor !" *' And you will not be deceived. Good bye, Genest." So he went, and by the afternoon father and son started. They left England by the night train, and they vanish from my story. "Wace Onslow had given no intimation of the time he would arrive. At the hour of lunch Eldred, with Mendel, was look ing from the front door. They saw a lean, tall, black-bearded young man carry ing a small portmanteau, who briskly walked up the avenue ; and they went to meet him. "Mr. Onslow?" said Eldred, offering his hand, " I am sorry I did not know what time to expect you. You've had a long walk." " Delightful ! Your village of Burn side is a chapter of. archeology !" The stranger laughed a curious cackling laugh, " from the teeth outwarda sound familiar to learned men all over Europe, reverenced by the accurate" and con scientious, hated and dreaded by those who rushed into theory before mastering their facts. " Burnside is no longer my village. You see very nearly the whole e3tate that belongs to the Thorburn family to day." Mr. Onslow laughed thoughtfully and softly, eyeing the Gate Towers ; to avoid repetition of a habit which was insepar able from the character, it may be taken for granted that he made this strange, cackling noise after every observation of another's, and before every one of his own. "I.always understood that Thorburns was the most interesting house in Eng land. 0nc9 on a time my father and I meditated a vieit on our way north, but they told us it was guarded by a human Cerberus, with much more than its due proportion of dogs' heads, and we passed by. What a sad ruin !" "It was the banqueting hall, which I prr pose to rebuild with the assistance of your knowledge." "Ah ! I don't say you are wrong. An archaeological fanatic might declare that florid Elizabethan matches badly with this fafade of the very earliest Tudor stjle. But I have never held that his tory should fit itself to architecture. This porch, nevertheless, makes too great a demand on my charity. I couldn't tolerate that." " Doesn't it belong to the period of the house V "A very bad attempt at imitation by some country builder in the eighteenth century. Ah, an excellent hall ! If my father came here we should have warm words about the screen. He would almost break it up for firewood rather than let it stand." "Do you mean this beautiful oak .wall!1'' Arthur aBked. " We call it a screen. It marks the. time when your grandfathers, Mr. Thorburn, ceased to dine with their household at a common table. They then found the hall too large, and divided it. 1581 !'' he remarked the date in gilded figures. "Curiously late for an alteration of this kind, when the hall was still the living room as here. It tells that your ancestors stood in the vias anfiquis much louger than most people of their station. Yery cirioua. I would go so far as to reopen the other doorways though." " Which doorways ?"' " Why, there were three, you observe, originally, closed with curtains, perhaps. Yes, there are the hooks, but they are later, I see. The Thorburn who put up this screen could not find it in his heart to break from old usages entirely. Though he divided the hall it was more for ap pearance sake than for a real partition." " I thought it a solid structure," said Eldred. " Not at all. We have the date of the original division, 1581. It consisted simply, to use plain words, of the upper part and these four pillars. The son of the first innovator probably began to fill the openings, and very pleasingly he did It, you see. An addition made, I should tliiiik, about the time of the Common wealth. still further closed or narrowed the duorways, at:d the curtains were hung. But tLe actual blocking of two out of the three gaps which had now become mere doorways was not done until-yes- until the early Brunswick period. They wore filled in with oak boards, observe, hardly panelled. I should take them away, Mr. Thorburn." "It shall be done forthwith, Mr. On slow." Eldred was delighted with his visitor. Used to distinguish between mere self confidence and that higher form which springs from assured knowledge - a3 every farmer must be, more or le3S, but especially the farmer in wild countries he saw that this young man understood his business exactly. They lunched, and while eating-drink ing also-with robust appetite, Mr. On slow kept Ins eyes about him, eager, quick, inquisitive as a bird's. He marked everything around, identified the armorial bearings at a glance, translated a mys terious sign here and there-read the storied walls in short like an open book. Very early in the repast, Eldred sent for pencil and paper. He learned more about his house and his family in half an hour than any Thorburn perhaps had known. Arthur Mendel had not been as bright as usual that day; so abstracted and thoughtful in fact, that Eldred had asked after his health. But this antiquarian lecture roused him. He could not believe that a man who laughed in that extra ordinary fashion could be an authority, and showed in boyish fashion ki3 distrust. Wace Onslow was much amused, and began to smile-quite another sign of feeling. With the air of an amiable person who instructs a child, he explained and illustrated his views. Mendel wa3 not convinced, of course, since he could not follow the argument even to the ABC, but he was shut up, and therefore, as might be expected, took offence. So it happened that he remained indoors, smoking, when the others rose to enter on that survey for which the visitor had been asked. Eldred had been rather puzzled to find a means of getting rid of him. Mr. Onslow went through the house and round it with extreme interest, de claring again and again that every foot was history in stone. Nowhere did he hesitate a moment in fixing a date or a purpose, excepting in the case of the Pool Dam. That extraordinary cutting did not puzzle him exactly, but it stopped his co herent sequence of cause and effect so to speak. "This," said he, after regarding it in every point of view, '' must be put down to eccentricity, or to a personal object. It was not made for defence, nor, so far as we can judge, for decoration or amuse ment. The instincts of men never change -forms only are varied. There was no general purpose in digging this pit, or what you may call it. The idea was in dividual, and for such things it is useless to ask an explanation." So that feature was dismissed. Eldred offered no suggestion until the long examination was finished, but he called particular attention to the windows and substructure over looking the Pool Dam, which Mr. Esking declared to be de Warenne's building. "Of that period beyond doubt," said Mr. Onslow. "I had forgotten that my eminent colleague lived so near. He i3 an audacious antiquarian, but very sound -a dangerous man to contradict." Eldred looked about him with a vague sense of disappointment, yet, mingled with it curiously, a great relief. After his guests left the day before he had made a close scrutiny of this part. The big flat paving-stones of the terrace had not been moved certainly, and the rooms within, unoccupied for generations past, had their locks so rusted up that he was obliged to break them open at hia first visit, weeks before. He had examined them cautiously, too, before meddling with them, and assured himself they were intact. Either the Treasure had nob been hidden there, and Mr. Esking deceived his nephew-in which case the clue was lost again, or it had not been recovered, and his suspicions were ridiculous. The latter supposition he could hardly enter tain, recalling events, though he would have liked to do so, and the former was distasteful. They spent a long time in the circuit. Beaching the front door again, Mr. Onslow said " Now, let me know exactly what you want, sir." "Simply, which part of my house is the oldest ?" "The south angle, beyond question. We will view it from the inside, if you please." They did so, traversing the hall, where Arthur still sat disconsolate. " When you ve done," said he, without moving, " I shall be grateful for a little human company." " Our business to-day is "with the rat3, sir," said Sir. Onslow. "You do not think these pavements have been disturbed 1" Eldred asked, -vhen they penetrated into the small, low vaulted rooms. "Not for many generations, I should sa}'with confidence." " Then," after all was examined, " you are quite certain thi3 is the oldest portion of the building?" "Quite! Now, Mr. Thorburn, with your leave I will visit the Gate Towers. It seemed te me, in passing, that they or ODe of them at least, is unique." " How ? Not for antiquity '' That is one point. I should think it possible, speaking at random, that the cl«ck tower may date from the twelfth century, probably longer." "Bless me, Mr. Onslow, why didn't you say that before ? Come along." "I didn't understand. The word ' house' does not generally include out buildings, except for legal purposes. I beg your pardon." "It was my fault. Say no more." Eldred's heart beat as he led the way hastily. "I knew there were ghosts here," Arthur cried, as they passed through the hall, observing his face. " Come back and tell a fellow all about it." Mr. Onslow made a thorough survey of the outside, humming a* little tuna to himself in deep excitement, whilst Eldred followed impatiently. Broken sen tences escaped him. "Anglo-Saxon! Yes, positively! touched in part by very early Norman. They added a little ornament to the top of the window there, you see - perhaps damaged in a siege. This, I take it, was the burgh of Thoringham or Thoringtun. There should be walls round it!" '' There are-or the foundations. They enclosed the courtyard until a recent date." "Ah, we'll look at those presently. Now let us go inBide. The door entirely rebuilt, you see. But not a stone moved in the interior. Unique, Mr. Thorburn, unique. TV here are the stairs ?" He began to throw down the heaps of timber piled against the wall. "You must have this cleared, Mr. Thorburn, and the ivy cafe away. It's a monument! I'm glad my father is'nt here-he would be seized with a fit in sheer delight ! Yes, steps perfect, like all the rest! Wonderful- wonderful! Blocked are they i We must have those beams out at once, Mr. Thorburn ! I saw some workmen-but stay ! I must look at them too ! Don't be in a hurry !" Eldred was vexed to delay, bat the visitor's tone made him laugh-there was as much of cackle as of speech ia hi3 excited soliloquy. "I'm in no hurry to clear the staircase, I assure you," he said, "but very anxious to follow up the matter for which i invited you down." Mr. Onslow calmed suddenly. "I am at your service, sir. Regarding this tower, my report is that it must be more ancient than de W&renne;'s building by four centuries-I speak of the vault. It may be live, perhaps six, not improbably seven. There are too few examples of the sort remaining for precise comparison. If you excavate-as I sincerely trust you will -it may prove that a burgh stxxl on these foundations 1,200 years auo." " You are staying the night, Mr. Ons low, and, in fact, as long as you pleas a. From to-morrow morning I give tiie Clock Tower into your hands, and I will find what labor you want." "Oh! Will you allow me to send for my father ?" "Send for whom you like, but give me your attention now. I have reason to think that a Treasure was^buried by < of my ancestors under the oldest pare ui his house. This is the oldest part, you say. Now, attend to the point." Mr. Onslow heard with qualified in terest-the legend of a Treasure was but a commonplace excrescence on a real romance. " How long ago ?" he asked. 44 At -the date when William de War rene dispossessed us for a time. You know when that was." " Excellent, indeedbut his air wa3 politely sympathetic, not warm. "No possible circumstances other than that could increase the delicious fascination of this building. Have you any further details?" " None." "In that case let us clear the pave ment to begin with. Prima facie, we look for a buried object in the middle of the room-after that in the corners. So human nature works. Can you find a besom ?" "In a moment." Eldred returned with the implement. Mr. Onslow was shovelling the dust away with his feet and hands, more thought fully than when he left. Taking the beBom silently, he cleared the space which, so far as he could guess, would be the centre of the vault. " Yes," he said at length. " It is as I feared. Somebody has been before us, as usual in these cases. The stones have been neatly relaid, but you observe these bits of Roman cement cropping up ! They betray the anachronism. Ah, a sad pity if a Treasure was buried here." " Wait, sir," Eldred said, pale with anger and excitement. "It is 5 o'clock! The workmen are going away. In a few rvinutes we will settle the question." Mr. Onslow cheerfully resumed his survey of the outside, while Eidred stood silent by the door. The masons, plum bers, and carpenters had already begun to gather. In a few minutes they passed down the averr He brought a pick and shovel. They ?. <j to work. It was an easy task to dislodge the stones so lately moved. Within five minutes the secret was out-the bits of wood, tools, and rubbish which Mr. Esking had filled in, reappeared. Eldred put them carefully aside. Neither spoke, saving a few brief words about their labor, until Mr. Onslow said "We have come to the original soil. Now, sir, be careful." He knelt be.-ide the deepening pit and watched every shovelful of earth, dry as desert sand, after ages of shelter from the rain. "That's metal-that's the remains of wood ! By heaven, perhaps there really was something buried! Go slow, Mr. Thorburn !" "You can't doubt it," Eldred answered fiercely, "when a thief has evidently been digging here '" " What does that prove ?- simply tl\at other people had heard your legend ! Bat -1 begin to think " They had sunk beneath the level at which Mr. Etking had found the chest. Every turn of the spade threw up bits of wood, crumbling with dry rot, and frag ments of green corroded metal. Mr, Onslow became deeply excited. " There are the remains of a box," he said low. '. Gently-gently !" But presently Eldred worked through the deposit, and struck dry soil again. For an hour he persevered, widening" the mouth recklessly. But nothing more turned up. "You may give over sir," said Mr. Onslow. "We are below the Treasure. It has been removed-and not long ago." "You will swear to that ?" ° " I will swear that such is my confident opinion-and see !" He held up a fragment of newspaper, torn and black. (To be continued.) 