'ALMA.' ? An Obiginai. Austk alian Story, by ? ? HAROLD STEPHEN, Eeq;, M.P.- . or - HEW SOUTH WALES. (All Rights Reserved .) CHAPTER XIX.— (Continu ED.) 'You . moan Alma Trodouiar,' began ?.?? Grace. ?v: ' Who did you say ?' interrupted Bertio in an exaitcd tone. ' Alma Tredegar,' replied Graae, 'But \- whatistha matter?' v;: ;,' '-Bertie had started to his feet, and, in bo . . doing, nearly upset tho table. Ha hastened to apologise, and related h:a adventure of tho ?' PMOedlng day, when he met the brother of Miss Tredegar, 111 company with Sir. Cliarlos Worth. 'Sir Charle3 North I'* paid Mr. Harvey. ' Why hs had the name nf being one of tho ? safest men m tho city. His no, tob, failed, and come oat here to see!: m-j fortnno? Well, well, it is a strange world! Who could havo thought ho would .nave made a mesa of it?' ? Bertie explained that Sir Oiinrles .had by no means 'mado a meaa 01 it/' butnad conio .-.. ? cut on b.: (iao.:. p.b i wall a v ' viow to find Miss Alma I'retlegar. 'Fortuna- ? toly,' ho added, ' tliat part of the bnaiueaa -may bo considered 113 soitleii. lou, Miss . . Harvey, will of course be ablo ti toll us tho \- . young lady's address ? 1 'I am afraid not. I received a letter from ? ; . her last week, dated from Forest Greek, in whioh eho said that eho and liar uncle worn about to leave for some new goldGeld, and that her undo had told hor tnat, in all . i, : i probability, she would not havo an opportu ??:? ..qity for writing again for many tracks to oome.' ' That is unfortunate,' said Bortio, 'but ??, wo may bo able to follow thorn. At any rate, \- - 1 suppose I may tell Sir Charles Worth that, as soon as Miss Tredegar writes again, you will let him know her address 7'v. ' Of course,' replied Grace. ' - ? ? 'I must ask you, liowevor, to. keep silence . ? '. '; with reference to tho arrival ot our friends in . Melbourne. Profeseor Tredegar iB at enmity both with his nephew and with Sir Charles, and he is quito capable of preventing them . from meeting Miss Alma, 1! it lies in his ? . ? power.' Graoo promised oomplianeo, and Beitio' goon after took his leave, receiving a cordial ? r invitation from tho young lady to visit them . again on his return to town— which invita , tioti was formally endorsed by Mr. Harvey In a manner the very reverse of cordial. ? When ho had left : 'I do not like that yonng man,' said tho : father. ' 'I do, very muob,' retorted the daugh ter. * * * » ? ??? It may bo well imagined that tho good ? news brought by Bortio Loraoorte, was moat . .''-r- aoceptable to Dart Tredegar and fair Chatloa : i / North. At lasi they had a cluo wuicli thoy could follow up witn some hope of success, and, in any evens, tm-y uad every reason to. .. believe that Mus H«vey would ere long be l . , able to to supply them with moro accuratc .information. ? Tho whole party, including tho dcteotivo, ,? . left for Forost Creek that same cvoning. Cn\\.Pl'EU XX. — knob's oolly. \- . It was a high old time at Snob's Gully. ? r-{ ;. Evor sinoo tho news had oomo that The Ad tubal: bad unearthed it nugget of- monster ^^/.'..'-.-proportions, the township bnu lean, in a fer Cv.''JV-'inent { for the claim* bad etrneic work, and ;,every man' on-tho diggings had oome into ? ?? view tho welcome stranger. -'There it lay — a huga micahapen mass of : dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of 'quartz. Beauty it pos3CB--ed not; yet every ... heart boat high with the hope of ono day owning its like. ? For itB exhibition, tho iargeot room in- tbo leading public houao had been chartered by ' the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and V : all day long a stream of visitors kept pouring . in and out; whilst tho trailio in drink and ? oatableB threatened to exhaust tho reaouroea of tho establishment. Snobh'a Gully was among tho youngest of tho gold-fields of that day. Tho original pro upector waa a hboc-maker, henea tno eupho nious title, which had ouen bestowed upou it, aftor digger-fashion, by uomo wit among tho Bhoo-makei'a suouessorB. When tho original ' unob ' first drovo his piok into tho soil, it was charming gorge, , between two high mouiitainu, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forcat. A silvery creek wound its placid way through tho gully, and tangled maaoea of eroopers hung in festoons from treo to tree. ' . Ooo Bhort month later, nnd tho gully was ? transformed. Treoa and creepers liad dis appeared; tho orcek had beeonic a Bluggirdi, yellow drain, and tho hill uidos worn covered with tents and liutu of every description. The township— in there not Momclhing offonoivo to tho tauto iu tho very expression, ' township ' ?— wr.a mluMod at tlio end of tha gully, where it widened out into a 'Hat,' and conxiatcd, for tho moist part, of ruorc.'i and publio liouec.i, Of these tho most pro tontiouB waa the ' Suob'a Arms,' at which (ho ooacbcs stopped, and there was actually a billiard-room, containing a dreadful tra vestio of a billiard-table, and numerous small tables whioh wero ni.;htly occupied by eaohro and cribbago players. Tho Snob's Arms boasted also a danoing saloon, and two roal, live barmaids, of undoubted personal attrac tions, aud limitless impudence. _ It waa a slab house, or rather a congrca tionof slab huts of various dimensions, bark roofed, and cunningly connected by covered paasago way. In tlio dancing saloon, reposing upon a red blanket, on a table improvised for tho occa sion out of sUbi placed on tros'.les, by the' monster nugget. At tho head of tho f ablo, seated in an arm chair, eat the Adiniral, ths Ineky proprioior of the huge maea of gold, v.-iiich ho from time carressGd and patted, aa if it had been a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of the hundreds of men workiog at Bnobs Gaily, ha was perhap3 tho least considered. Ono stroke of the piok, and behold him a king amongst men I Oh, wonder - working enohantor, divino gold I without thee, life is a woarisomoj struggle— with thee, n oarnivat of delight I ' At least, that is the poor man'a viowa of tho matter ? when I havo found my nuggot, 1 shall bo ablo to deal with thu question from tho other stand- point. Tho Admiral— so-oalled, perhaps, because of all living men ho was in uppcaranca farthest removed from the popular ideal' of an admirnl — was a week-eyed, wcek-fcnead, sandy-haired little man, who liad hitherto, aa became ono of his Blender pretensions, modestly kept himEolf so ' much in the baok ground that nobody knew anything about him. A few. hours, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and ho now occupied tho placo of honor aa if to tho manner born. It really was astonishing to find that ho waa not only gonial, but withal witty and wise. Hia audience listened deferentially to every word that fell from his inspired lips, and nover prophet of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of ad mirers he told tho Bamo words; yet even .those who had heard it early in tbo day, and often eince, listened as eagerly to it-3 twentieth repetition ao if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. 'Yo Bee, gentlemen,' he would Bay, 'mo and my mates knowed there wan sometbiu' good in that there ground. Folks used to tell us, we'd nover oomo on it ; but woknow'd better, and there she io I' Hero ho_ would point cxultingly to tho nugget, whilst hia hearers smnokeil theirlina, and wished— oh, eo dearly I— that it had been thoir fate to tell tho tale. ' I'll not deny that thero was times when wa felt kinder bad about it,timw when tuokei was B3arce, and licker tcarcar,' — The landlord winced at this remark, forhis conscience smote him i'.a he recalled sundry interviews between him'olf and The Admiral, and in whioh ha had displayed anything but a 'trusting' spirit. ' There was timea oven when my matea Bez ' L^t's ahift our pogs but I never gava in I I know'd wo waa bound ter striko it rich, and strike it rich wo havo— gentlemen, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my shout, and champagne's the drink to-day.' Need it be said that this speech of Tho Ad miral was received with ever-increasing en thusiasm ? ' Who, that know3 anything of digger-nature, will doubt that an orator of this stamp was accredited with the posEeaaion of more than tho average supply of wit and wisdom ? Towards midnight the fun grew fast and furious; and when tho coaoh from Forest Creek drew up at tho door of tha public-house, it may safely be said that not ono of its . in mates (ol the male sex) waa Bober. Under ordinary oircumstanoes, tha arrival of tho coach — which usually took jjlaos at about nine o'clock — w aa tho event of the evining, and overy body turned out to etare at now atr'.vclj, and question the driver. Great then waa the surprise of Jaok For rest— Gentleman Jack, as ho was called — who held the roin3 on tho night in question, when not ever so muah as a groom cr.no to meet him aa ho drow up at tbo door, in nE gallant fashion as tho fagged horsea could ao oomplieh. ' Well, I'm d — d I' ho mutlered. 'Hero's a start I ? Anybody dead, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold tho reina for a minute, please,'' he added, addressing a passenger, who -occupied tho box- seat. ' I'm going in to rouso up some of these duokB. Confound my cata 1 I'll let them know who they're fooling with, in a' quarter lees then no time.' Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out his threat-, a little voice in tho interior of the vehiola Biiid, 'I think wo havo arrived, uncle,' and presently tho curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at tho aperture, that ono of the grooms, who had at last condescended to caunter lazily towards tho ooacb, started eb if ho hnd Been a ghost, nnd fell over into tho horee- trougb, much to tho discomfituro, but greatly to the delight, of the outraged driver; who, ac companied by .the landlord, appeared on Iho threshold at that moment. 'Let mo hefp you down, miss,' eaid Gentleman Jaok offering his hand. ' Th^sa coaches aro rather awkward for ladies.' ' Then wo havo arrived, Gir ?' asked the young lady, timidly. 'Yes, miaB, this ia Snob'a Gully,' said the landlord obsequiously, but with a lurch to leeward, which showed that ho, too, had buo oumbed to tho influence of tho petroleum ohampagno. ' And this is tho Snob's Arms — though I sez it, ao shouldn't, the loading hotel in the placo. Was you for Btopping ? hero to-night, misa ?' 'Yes — get us some supper at onco, nnd show us to our bedrooms,' answered a gentle man who had oome round from the other side . of tho opach. ' Como inside, Alma, ' tho groom will look after our luggage.' Poor littlo Alma— for it was indeed our heroino — cold, tired, hungry, aud half frightened, took her unolo'o arm submissively enough, and they were presently ushered into the room off tho bar, which was dignified (jv the uarno of tho boat parlor. Tho furnituro ot this apartmont coimistod of a rioketty bush sofa, a , round table, covered with a blue blanket in lieu of tnble oloth, two' or threo dccrcpit obaira, and an old aafo, whioh did duty aa side board. Alma Bank on tho Bofa oxhauited, aud would fain liavoreliovod horself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vox her uncle. ' Cheer up, ohild,' said that gentleman, divo3ting himself of his overaoat. ' A hot glass of brandy and water ii what you want, and that you shall havo iu a minu(o. What is tho meaning of that noiao ?' ho K3kcd. This question waa addressed to one of tlio barmaida, who entered while ho waa speak ing— a young lady with brilliant, bea.ly blaok eyes, very red cheeks and lips, and a masa of oily blaok hair, which towered at least a foot over tho crown of her head, and thence du;cended, in a caecade of tight corlc saicw curls, hnltway to hor waist. 'Iti3a nugget, ' bIio replied iu a mincing tone. ' Tho Admiral's party have found a big nugget, and they're ii-keepiug it up in tho ballroom. Would tho young lady libo to tako anything ?' 'To?, alio would,' replied tlio Profor;or, sharply, ' A ghi'ii oi weal; brandy and water, hot, forlur; inula pt-rong gkc;i for myself. Look smart abr.it it, if you pleace.' The damsel ljjked unutterable things at tho person who !-.ad tha audacity to addrc.n her in r-ueh an imcaromonioua manner, and flounced out of tho room with a twist of iho Bkirt which narrowly escaped knocking tho aggressor dowu. by their breatb, whilst her car was oilouueu by many a muttered oath, and that borrillo snoring aud gnashing of tooth which attonda the Bleep ot tho drunkard. Later on, tbo houso was opened by tbo landlord — himself very much tho worse for tho dcbauch — and then, ono by ono, tho Bloepera arose, shivered, and staggered into the bar in searoh of a ' piok-mo-up.' Mr. Johnson had been ablo to got to bed, and, after tbreo or four hours Bleep, made his appearance, apparently suffering losa than might havo been expected. Ho was ovidontly a seasoned vessel ; for, after a brandyand soda, lio was actually able to smoke a clay pipe, whilst broakfast waa in eoursa of pre paration. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for tho appearance of this guest at their tablo. Ho had risen caily, aud called Alma iuto tho parlor, long!) before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What ho told tho girl, it is not neeessary to repeat — it waa simply a lie, con cocted for a purpose, and it served that pur pose — at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objectionable a person Mr. Johnson might be, it waa highly important that he should bo flattered' and concili ated. Tho poor girl preBidod at tho breakfast table in a state of trepidation whioh threat ened, at any moment, to culuminato in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was oven more objectionable than she had expected to find him. In tho.first place, he'brought with him into tho room an aroma of brandy and stalo tobacco, which mado her feel so sick that sho wa3 wholly unable to swallow a mouthful of food. Then ho ate liko a barbarian, using liia knifo aa if it had been a fork, and there after helping himself to butter with tho same implement. As for hia conversation, it was more than offensive to tho girl. His cornpli 'menta wero coarse, and accompauied by horrible leers, and lewd glances, which oven . a ohild could not misunderstand. Moreover lio tcoitld talk'. The ProfceEor va'mly strove to relievo his nieeo by taking upou hi3 own shoulders the chief share of tho conversation; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the eamo time, and thus enjoyed tho advantage which ho pushed to tho utiermost ; being, iii point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, and laboring. under tho hallucination that ho whb decidedly coming out strong, and making an impression. How long that meal endured, Alma never know. It seemed intorminnblc — for Johnson was ono of thoso happy individuals whoso ap peiito ia increased by copious potations, ond \o had no idea of ceasing to eat a3 long aa there wis anything catablo left on tho table. At last he looked around,, ar.d sigbod tho nigh of roplotion, then ha commenced to uso his fork as a toothpiok. Even tha professor could not, however, fitand thi3 last proceeding, and ho arose hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, mid prepare to accompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took the hint and escaped may easily bo conceived; but abo was not suffered to depart without the promise of farther torture, for Mr. Johneon, without ritiug, intimated a deairo, if oho had no objection, to accompany her and her uncle in a etroll among the claims. A3 tbo door olosed the Professor turned to M ?. .Tjlmson with a gravity of manner which evuii impreEsod that individual, and caused him to ask uneasily — ' What's up now ?'' ' Can wa be overheard?' asked the Pro fessor.' - i 'If wa don't, yell out, and there don't happen to bo anybody listening at the door,' replied Johnson, ' I ohould say wo can't. Especially as there is an infernal row going on a3 it is.' Truth to say, n large numbor of the Bacchanalians of tha previous night had by this time assembled in tho bar, and, a3 thoy wero all Btill more or less intoxicated, the noiae soon became deafening. ' Mr. Johnson,' began tho Professor, ' if I mistake not, you have not always borne that name. The fork fell from the man's 'hand with a crash upon tho table, and ho stared, open mouthed, at the Professor, whilst a pais green tint Boomed to Bpread itself over his faoe. ' I think,' continued tho professor, ' that you wero formerly known in London by tha namo of Thomas Samnor.' Mr. Johnson took up tho fork, and re commenced picking his teeth. ' Well, sir,' he said, 'what then ? Many a man does not care to.be known by his own name on the diggings.' This waa said in a confident, defiant tone wliolly at variance with the man's behaviour when first ho had been acousod of UBing an alias. Tho protoasor soored a point— he con cluded at onco that tho gentleman befora him had boon known alao by another namo, and that there were circumstances attendant upon hia bearing that name whioh mado him dread ita discovery. - ' Of course,' said tho Profeaeor, ' it very often ia desirable to conceal one's identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you must bo Thomas Sumner,' ( To he continued.) Moscow lias never quits recovered from the liiea which followed and put an end to tho French occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high days and holidays, an air of languor hangs about tho holy city, which for many centuries was Russia's actively beating heart. Perhaps it iB partly for that very reason that it is far dearer to tho Russian miud than St. Petersburg, tho younger and moro animated rival which has supplanted it. The oity which Peter tho great founded on tho swampy islota at the mouth of the Neva fairly represents the force and energy of the Russian Government, tho splendor of tho nobles, tho might of tho military. But Moscow, with ita hundreds of churches and ahrines, its repoao suggeativo of Bome land where it is alwayB Sunday afternoon, is far moro in keeping with the ideas nearest to tho heart of tho Russian people, moro iri har mony than tho glittering Northern capital with tho deep devotion whioh tho peasant feels towards tho Church, and towards that fatherland with which tho Ohuroh ia in hia mind fo intimately connected. From all parts of tho ompire, from tho swampy homes of fever and plaguo whore tho Volga pours itaalf into tho Caspian near Astrakhan, from tho shores of tho lakes and tho shades of tho forosta lying for away northwards toward Arohangol and the Arctio Ocean, from tho rich ' blaok Boil' lands of tho moro genial South, and from tho far-off settlomonts stretching away in progressive lines into Central Asia, tliero como banda of pilgrims, who wander from ono shrino to another, visiting tho snots whioh aro to tho Russian mind most dear and holy, and who return to thoir native villages with a vast storo of religious c-xporiencoi and with n reputation somewhat akin to that of tho medimval palmer who had visited tho holy places at Jerusalem. Such aro tho visitors whom we. see standing beforo tho porch of tho' Cathe dral of St. Basil at Moscow. Tho men in rough onps nnd sliccpskin tunios, with shoes nmdo of limc- treo bark on their fcot, their legs bound round in tho old Scythian or Siirmntiiui faoliion, tho women with handker chiefs tied over their heads, all with wallets slung nrouud them mid long pilgrim-staves in their hands, from very picturcfquo groups as they gather before church doors or iu, tho courts ond cloisters ot tho monasteries. A waterproof Garment— Tho ol tho toper'ii stomach. 