THE GOLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. M I dreamt a dream that wa.« not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Qcken," "The Wreck op the Grosvkn-or," "A Sailor's Sweet- HEART,'-' Ac. (The lti;ht of Translation is Reserve!.) chaptee xt. v. — continued. Breeches grunted its though satisfied, but some lioarse-whispered comments were uttered by the otners, which must have plunged all hands into a long discussion bad >tone been impolitic enougit to overtiear them. Soon again, however, I lie subtle subduing influence created by tbe little silent body under the tarpaulin was felt by the men. Their thoughts went to the infant and tliey spoke of him ; then Martin Goldsmith remembered a creepy and chilly story of an apprentice who had been an orphan and was put to sea by an uncle whom he had talked of as a harsh and cruel man. This lad died through a fall from the masthead. They laid him out, aud that same night an able seaman named Moses P.ogles, going aft to take the wheel aud passing by where the body lay, saw the apparition ot a female witli her fingers locked upon her forehead, leaning over the body and suggesting by her attitude that she had discovered who the boy had been and was in wild anguish. ' Bogles was so irightened," said Goldsmith, " that he ran back again into the fok'sle, woke up all hands, who came on deck to see the appari tion, but the tigure bad disappeared. Vet there was not the least doubt that l'.ogles laid spoken the truth, for his sincerity 'was shown by the ett'ect the sight produced upon his miud. lie had been a drunken, sweariug fellow before, but from that night he read "the Bible regularly and became" a pious man." Anson, the cook, t««.l nL'.-. Ilia liitlr. v'irti ii i IhI i v«»r Archpr likewise told of a ghost, and old Breeches, never to be beaten when it came to spinning , twisters, narrated in a gruff but tremulous voice how his mother had beeu visited iu the dead of night by ait elder brother of his, who came to the street door when the snow was a foot thick with nothing on but a pair of drill trousers. ''There was a moon,'' said Bill, ' and she saw his face plain, but as she'd only received a letter a fortnight afore — he was in tiie lioval navy was Joseph — saying that the frigate had reached King ston Jamaica, and was like to be kept outhat there station for some months, she was so confounded, not more by his turning up in that tig than by his turning up at all, that she tumbled down in a lit, the noise of which alarming a lodger that had a wooden leg who slept in the back parlor, he shipped his leg and come out, aud seeing liotlieu but mother a laying in a swound upon the mat, lie shuts the street door and carries her on to a sofa, where after a bit she rewived." " Well, what happened .'" said old Breeches, turning his face, dim in the starlight, round upon the men, the glistening of whose eyes was the only discernible point in their dusky countenances. ' Some time after she got a letter from the Admiralty stating that her sou Joseph Intel been drownded by fail ing overboard at night in Kingston harbor, and it turned out that at the very time he was under water the knock came at the door and his mother see him a standing iu tbe snow.' But it was bard upon eight bells ; Stone had finished his pipe, and drawing himself up with a look round at tiie sea, lie said, ' Well, we live iu a fantastic world : but there's no use a growling," and with that he walked quietly aft, pausing a moment when abreast of the tarpaulin and looking at it and then moving on afresh witn a sigh. The men after talking a little broke up. The lirst watch iiad begun ; half the crew went below, the others, who had to keep the deck, hung together, walking in twos and twos, one "pair in the gangway, another on the forecastle. The shadow of deatli was 011 the little ship, aud where the tarpaulin was the darkness hung deep, and as often as the spot was passed the footfall was softened, the low voice sunk lower yet into a whisper. It would be mere imagi nation, of course ; yet the whole thing ap peared as though accentuated by the night ; bv the steady solemn burning of tbe stars ; by the delicate swell that underrau the schooner with a melancholy respiration ; by the parting waters stealing along in sounds of weeping : by the spectral wiugsof canvas slowly fanning the darkness under the glittering heights ; by the light moaning noises breaking out from God knows what part of the interior of the gliding fabric. Even to thee, O tiny fragment of human clav, there had come the marvellous gift of death — the power of subduing to the com plexion of thine inspirations whatever the eve could behold, whatever tbe ear could bear ! The wind shifted in the night. It blew, but without much weight, from the north ward ; and the sun rose upon the Golden Hone closc-haulcd. leaning slightly, three points off her course. Fortcseue, who, iu accordance with his regular custom, had turned the key in Agatha's door overnight — with greater solicitude on this occasion than he had before felt, for lie greatly feared the perturbing influence of the sorrowful events of the day upon her lmmi ami the domina tion of sorrow not less active in sleep than in waking — Mr. 1'urtcscue on quitting his own berth lightly unlocked her door, aud after listening intently for soinc moments, knocked. She answered by opening; the door. She was fully dressed, but had not vet bound her hair tip ; it was like a sim- touched fountain raining down her back and over her shoulders, wondrously plenti ful and most daintily rich and radiant ; her beauty, pale aud hard with melancholy — with such melancholy as would possess a mind that was without memory, without a re membered past and the solace retrospection yields — met the vision of the lover with the novelty he would have tound in a marble imaoe of his darling. There was a darkness under tiie ever gentle eyes, a languor in the droop of the lids which tohl of a troubled night. He held her hand as ha asked her how she had slept. "Not well," she answered ; " I missed my little companion" — her lip quivered. " Why, that was to he expected, Agatha," he said, calling her by her name ; for there was somethingl in the stoniness grief had put into her face that to his sensi tiveness repelled the more endearing terms he was used to employ : but time, that lieals all, will soon accustom you to the poor babe's absence." She looked down as though she disdained such an assurance as that, and said with scarcely moving lips, like one thinking aloud, " I caused his death. It was intended it should be so. Why was memory taken from me, if it was, not meant 1 should be alone — alone 1" She raised her hand as though to press her forehead, but touching her hair seemed startled to lind it hanging wild about her, and with a faint blush of confusion she made as thougli to close the door upon the clergyman. " Will you come to the table to breakfast, Agntha, or shall I bring a tray here to you !" " 1 will come to the table," she answered. He said softly, " The little one will be buried at 11. is it your wish to be pre sent 2" " Vcs," she responded with an unnsual quickness, turning towards him, " certainly I wish to be present. Her manner cheeked him, otherwise Iia mi«?l»f lift VA fickml Iipp frt annciJa? whether she would have the heart to wit ness the slipping of the little hammock off its plank, and to bear the gaze of the men, all of whom would be assembled. She came to the breakfast table when the meal was ready, but only responded very faintly and briefly to H iram's respectful salute. Seeing it was not her humor to speak, Weeks fell silent himself, and breakfast was got through with scarce more than a half-dozen of words between the skipper and M r. For- tescue. Her manner was a blow to Weeks, who had been rehearsing many observations of a consolatory character. The truth is, he considered that William Stone had enjoyed too large a share of the privilege of advising the clergyman and sermonising both him and Miss Fox as occasion required. He felt that his own parts in this respect would remain unimagined if he did not brush up the mind God had given him and deliver the opinions which formed in him during his watch on deck or his waking moments below.. However, there was no help for it. The inexpressible something in Agatha's face and bearing that had silenced even in Fortescue the impassioned, loving names he had hitherto called her by was acutely felt by Weeks also, as he sat working away at a plate of rashers of bacon, with a hasty ogle of her from time to time out of the corner of one protruding eye. (TO BB CONTINTSD.) 