Scientific Notes. PAPER roofs, "WHICH are fireproof and give promise of almost indefinite durability, are now made. ASTRONOMICAL photography has succeeded in reproducing stars down to the thirteenth magnitude.' 2TB. EDISON.IS devoting himself to the study of "WAYS and means of cheapening? electric lamps and the carbons. THE paper gas and water pipes introduced so extensively in Vienna some time ago, it is claimed, are a complete success.' FROZEN milk is now given to patients suffer ing with irritable stomachs, and is retained when all other substances are thrown off. M. EST?.AUK, of the French Ecole Polytecli nique, has perfected a new locomotive ' which will haul a train, of cars from 70 to 78 miles an hour. DR. Monnow-has found that the poison in icecream is due to the cashew-ntit oil in*;the coating of the beans from which'vanilla extract is made. * ^ \ ' IT has been found that cocoanut fibre is per fectly obnoxious to insect life. It is used with great success in mattresses in public institutions. . . ELECTROPLATING with silver upon wood is now successfully performed, the process being adapted to handles of all kinds, including canes and umbrella sticks. IT is estimated that abont 100,000 species of flowering plants are now known to botanists, but a more complete exploration of the globe MAY largely increase or even double the number. AN electric spark in a dusty atmosphere causes dust to settle, and if the air be smoky, clears it. This is probably one reason why the air seems so clear after a thunderstorm, even if little rain has.f&Uen.; AN incandescent lamp which requires no vacuum in the globe has been invented in Germany. The wire used is a mixture of conducting and non-conducting elements, the latter preventing the former from melting. IT is said hard-burnt brick walls will resist a pressure of 150 pounds per square inch, and can, therefore, be built 1,600 feet high. If one-third Portland cement is added to the mortar, the same wall could be built 2,700 feet high. . TNOIIAS FLETCHER, of London, has patented a new vessel for heating water, by which with the same gas jet he can reach the boiling point in two-thirds the time ordinarily required. The vessel has a" number of rods inserted through the bottom a short distance and spread ing out into discs.* : . IN a paper'lately read before a Lou-Ion Engineering Society, it was mentioned as the result OF many experiments that 1,000 feet of gas used to produce incandescent electric, light ing by means of a gas engine would give twice an much light as it would if employed as an illuminant in the ordinary way..-.... ; . OUT of more than 1*20,000 species of plants known to botanists only about 250 have been put to use by man; yet this proportion is much greater than in the. animal world, from which onlv some., 200 J species have been selected, while the animal kingdom reckons millions of species. V ' . THE earth's internal heat is now forced into practical Bervico at Pesth, where the deepest artesian well in the world is sunk to supply hot water for publio baths and other purposes. A depth of 3,120 feet has- been reachwi, and tho well fiupplies daily 176,000 gallons of WATER heated to 15S degrees Fahrenheit. The boring is to be continued until the temperature of the water is raised to 176 degrees. A FRENCHMAN, who calls himself L'Hamme Protee, or the protean man, is giving EXHIBIT tiona of himself in France, and excites the admiration of the spectators by tho great variety of shapes he can assume. He can, it is said, heoome aa rigid as a statue, and when struck in this condition the blows fall ON him aa on A block of stone. He can assume the rotundity of the proverbial alderman, or have a lean and hungry look like Cassius. It is oveu stilted that he can make himself appear as lean as a skeleton. Tho " Medical Abstract'1 says he was examined by M. de Quatrofages, who was astonished at fiis ability to stop tho flow of blood either on the richt or loft 6ide of tho body. This was ascribed to the influence of unilateral muscular contraction. o The Library Table. MARY HOWITT, the English poet, cele brated her 89th birthday at her homo in Tyrol. MR. J. STARLET LITTLE is engaged on a book entitled "Physical Impressions: the Bar Ghost." MR. JOHN FISKE is at work on "A History of the United States," which will fill at least seven volumes. " ? THE chart of the heavens on which the inter national astronomers are at work will consist of some 2,000 sheets. . MESSRS. IUEFZAJTD Sow are issuing a. bio* praphy of Dr. W. G. Grace,' the cricketer, by Mr. W. Methven Brownlec. - * IT is reported that Prince Napoleon will ere long bring out a book in reply to M. Taine'a recent work on Napoleon I. .THE sale last year of Mr. Ruskin's books produced.£8,000, on which there was a profit of £4,000. "Sesame" had the largest sale. , DR. W. B. RICHARDSOK is preparing for press a new volume of collected essays, dealing more especially with the subject, "The Com mon Health." * MB. YORK POWELL is at work on a brief history of " Scandinavian Britain." It will be issued presently by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. THE Princess Olga has written an historical novel dealing with events in Russia. The book will bear the title " Radna; or, the Great Conspiracy of 1881." ? MESSRS. BLACKWOOD will publish Lady Bel lairs* volume of collected studies on household | duties- " Gossips with Girls and Maidens, Betrothed and Free." j PROM the publishers' preface to the 75th edition of "Inquire Within for Everything," it appears that no fewer than 1,000,000 copies of this book have been sold. MR. CABOT'S "Memoir of Emerson," which will soon be brought out by Houghton, Mif&n;, and Co. will contain a good deal of unpub lished matter left by Mr. Emerson. THE first 12 books of William. Morris's translation of the Odyssey will be published immediately. The second volume completing the work will be brought out in October. A xsw biography of Madame de Stael win shortly be ready. The author is Lady Blen nerhassett, who is said to have spent more than 12years in collecting materials for the book. THAT B. L. Far] eon is popular in England is evident from the fact that one of his recent novels, "Great Porter Square," has already reached a sixth edition, and that a fourth edition of his "House of White Shadows" ia now ready. PROFESSOR J. P. MAHATFY is Bhortly to publish a new book on the social life of Greece. It will embrace a review of the life and strength of all the Hellenistic kingdoms from the days of Alexander to the Romsn conquest, especially Egypt and Syria. A XEW book by Sir Henry Layard will later in the season be issued by Mr. John Murray. It will be a descriptive volume, relating to Sir Henry's " Early Adventures in Persia, Susiana, and Babylonia ; including some Account of a Residence among the Bakhtryasi and other ! wild tribes before the Discovery of Nineveh.** MESSRS. SOTHEBY will dispose of a remarkable collection of letters. There are some letters of Eugene Aram, a note from Lord Lytton an thentieating them, a portion of the skull of Daniel Clark, the murdered man, a bone of Eugene Aram, a box made from the wood of his gibbet, and another made from a beam in Daniel Clark's house. There are also letters from Captain Marryat and Tom Hood bearing on the subject, and a drawing of Thackeray by Hood. THE same collection contain* an amusing letter from Mrs. Thrale, Dr. Johnson's friend. It is dated from Bath, January 11,1S02: "We wt*re stout Folkes when we camc from Bryn bt'lla: but at Shrewsbury the Gout made* its attack, & the Journey from thence hither* . s. . Oh. Heavens! what a Journey it has bcf*n ! I I We did arrive, however, on Satur day. iV Kent for good old Dr. Harrington that Instant; £ he put Mr. Piozzi to Bed, where he remains, as he expresses it, cruoified . and expect Eyes and Tongue . . . wholly immovable, as a man in marble. He could not ! sign a cheque to save his Life !!" ; A LETTER of Mr.Ruskin describes Mr. Watts to his mind the only real painter of history and thought in England. There is also a letter of Thackeray to Lever, a Latin poem by Mr. Gladstone, and a letter of BuTns> in which he pleads poverty. It is written to Willian btewart, and -bears the date loth January, 1795.' It says: "This a painful disagreeable letter; and the first of the laud I ever wrote I am truly in serious distress for three or four guineas; can you, my dear sir, accommodate me? It will, indeed, truly oblige me. These accursed times, by stopping up importation, have, for this year at least, lopt off a full third part of my income, and with my large familv, this to me is a distressing matter. Farewell, and God bless you, R. BURNS." IT is well known that the privilege for the creation of the Opera Francais was granted in. 1C71 to the poet Perriu, and the musician Cam bert, and their associates. It has always been believed tha't they were fraudulently despoiled of this privilege in 1GS2 by the composer Lulli. Now it appears to be established that in reality the privilege was fairly bought by him. The documents have just beon un earthed by MM. Charles Nuitter and Ernest Thoinau. Thev complete the liistory of the foundation of the opera in the 17 th century,, and the part takeu in it both by Perrin, who was constantly iu debt and in prison, and by Lulli, who it would seem, according to the explanations printed in has been unjustly accused of being a fog the past 200 yea^ 