LOCAL AND GENERAL, Auoti.G THE SPIRITS-on SOMETHING.-On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, we spent a most amusing and instructive three boure, in company with hundreds of our fellow townsmen and women, in following the quaint humour of Professor Baldwin, and watching closely the marvellous feats of himself and accomplished wife. So often have we been deceived by vile imitators that until we saw the crowded hall we were sceptical--not as to Mr. Baldwin's enpabiii ties, but of his being able to induce the people of Windsor who had not heard *jf him, to risk their time and mosey ; but here again the Professor is also a skilful artist for he had advertised sa intelligently and so liberally that, as we have said, he bad,drawn together such an audience that is not often seen in Windsor-in fact, we have rarely seen Bo good. We do not tlifuk there were many disappointed i for not only were the demons trations of approval very pronounced, bu* the many clever-and one may say, in comprehensible-things performed were town t;itk the following day. The tricks were dis cussed by everybody, ond though many of the " clever ones" professed to " koo* all about it, you know," they admitted thut thc clairvoyancy of Mrs. Baldwin was a stagger?! -they were nonplussed entirely, and one and all concluded willi Hamlet's profound re mark, " There are more things jn heaven «nd eaith, Horatio, than are dreamt of ii yow philosophy." Tho audience on Tues, dayevmiug was a particularly good one ilu- hall being literally packed-and amonf those piescnt we noticed men who we have never before seen ot any entertainment, repre< seating all professions and classes of society -enough to gratify any man-in fact, tin Professor admitted it on his part. After i short humourous address, in which he wishei distinct'y to he understood thal he waa in m tense of tho word a magician or a spiritualist . he latter, he sai.d, were humbugs, and bi buehiFss was -to expose humbug-as li w.'u!d do the following creninp, when h hoped he would sec .ii good an audiiice u he saw tiler. People had tried to pitjudic him agüiv,st Windsor ; they said all sorts r things ri it, bul he had his own ideas aboi; ..hin^f, ¡md he found he was in no wise de ceivfi', ard the respectable audierce befoi bim uas a proof that he wag not-he selecte a c-Mnrniiicc of gentlemen to watch his trick' Tliev w<re : Messrs. F. J. Mvrtlcv (Mayor ( . Windsor), C. Hole, Bank N!S.W" V ' Waiker, solicitor, Dr. Callaghan, and tl ( Bev. Morgan Williams, B.A.-and we i ^entlojnen -ítóíng itaken $htár'mtí»íiipón tho etege, die Profesar'¿tfep ? beganVirçtli tho apirit hand-used in spiritualistic seances, and a lot of íun was knocked oat of this part of the performance, by the ques tions put by tho Professor .and the answers given by Ibo hand (a leaden one) on the glass upon which it rested. Then came the irater jug business, in which each one of the (committee was supplied with jglasses of liquor-water, wine, porter, etc-the Professor taking "Marrickville milk" - which seemed to be, as he said it was, moro .than ihalf water. Then the Professor was bound to a chair by Br. Callaghan and Mr. Hole, with two small ropes-nice handy size for lashing ;*and then, sittinginan enclosed' «abinet on the stage, and the curtain hav ing been drawn, were commenced a most horrible din inside as if Bedlam had broken lose; horns blowing, tambourines rattling, gongs banging, and all sorts of hideous noises ; hands were seen above the curtain, musical instrumenta, bells,.etc., were flung outside upon the stage, and: finally, upon the curtain- being withdrawn there sat the Professor securely bound upon the chair. The curtains were once mora drawn, and another rouse-about followed, ending with the Professor coming down on the stage j unbound, and the ropes in his hands. Then j Mrs. Baldwin was placed in a pillory- ] head and both hands firmly secured, and the machine locked and sealed ; two gentlemen of the committee saw that all was secure ¡ inside the cabinet, which was then closed, and almost immediately followed the in explicable noises; and upon the curtain being drawn Mrs. Baldwin was revealed free of her unpleasant encumbrance. Then the Professor did a very clever trick with a pair of hand-cuffs (regulation make), introducing heaps of fun in connection therewith. Several persons in the hall were then asked to write any question that j occurred to them on a slip of paper, fold it up and put it in their pocket. This being done other feats were performed, and theu i came a short intermission, which wan fol. lowed by a little divertissement ia the ?character-songs of Miss Koto-Hart Bussell, whose lightning changos were surprising to many. Her eiuging was good, and her costumes elegant and in good taste. She mado a very pretty French flower girl, and her make up as a middy with the song " The Middy," accompanied by a hornpipe, was very good indeed-as also was her Spanish character of " Estadiana." The clairvoyant feat of Mrs. Baldwin followed; and to say the least of it, 'twas most extra ordinary, and no doubt will set many per sons a-thinking for a month or two. While in a tranco, under the mesmeric influence of the Professor, she described scenes and persons thought of or written by members of the^audieuce, and then gave the answer. One gentleman in the hall asked for in formation about a friend iu India ; a young lady the whereabouts of her brother; another gentleman about a lost ring ; ano ther wanted to know where his hat was. Several questions were asked about Sir Henry Parkes, abd all named amazingly correct. Then came the ghost scone. Mrs. Baldwin had a rope tied round her neck by one of the committee, was placed in a chair in the cabinet, and the two ends of the rope brought through two holes and tied securely by Dr. Callaghan on the outside. The lights were then turned down, with the exception of an oil lamp on the stage facing the cabinet-which was simply for the purpose of showing the audience what took place, and a lighted candle at the end of the cabinet near where tho rope was tied and there Dr. Callaghan kept close watch. In a short time, there was the usual com motion inside the cabiuet, and hands and faces were seen at tho two small openings, or windows-sometimes it waa a man with a black beard (Captain Kidd, the pirate of the Spanish Main), Sir Henry Parkes, and others. Finally, a figure, all in white, issued from the cabinet holding a tambour ine, very ghostly in appearance, but having the form of Mrs. Baldwin. That the fieure was substantial there contd be nodoubtT as, when the hand was put through the open ing, Mr. Mortley grasped it and pronounced it to be real flesh and blood. Tho lights are then turned up and Mrs. Baldwin is discovered sitting m the chair with the rope round her neck just as Mr. Hole had tied it. It was a most sensational feat and was loudly applauded. On Wednesday evening, there was again a good audience. Messrs. AV. Gosper, G. S. Yeo, J Tebbutt, G. C. Johnson, P. O'Hara, and J. Cull were selec ted as a corumi'.tee, and took their seats upon the stage. Professor Baldwin per formed a variety of feats with cards, handkerchiefs, ropes, and so on ; and then explained the cabinet tricks, and the hand, cuff trick. First of all he went into the cabinet with a piece of rope, and in 49 seconds, he *&s; bound hand and foot to the chair ; the rope was examined, fresh knots made and sealed, and then, before the audience, the Professor extricated himself in a surprisingly short time. The Pro fessors feats as a " Thought Reader" were very good ; he found out a scarf pin hidden by a member of his committee ; an object one of them thought of, and discovered the se&t; of a pain in a gentleman's body. A very clever thing was that of finding out the name of something the members had writton on a piece of paper. This was done by the person who had written the name, handing the paper to another gentleman in the audience, and then taking the end of a copper-wire, walked into thebody of thehall, placing the wire ou his forehead, and look ing straight at the wall as if he saw there a picture of the thing written ; the other end of the wire wa6 held by Mrs. Baldwin in like manner ; and she described the animal, places, or flower, as the case may be, in each instance, correctly. Thus, Mr. Johnson had written " Bison" ; Mr. Yeo, Scotch Thistle"; Mr. Gosper, "Sir Henry Parkes" ; and Mr. Tebbutt " Rome" -in the latter instance, the Rev. Mr. Austin held the wire while holding Mr. Tebbutt's bond-tho former gentleman holding all the papers'until Mrs. Baldwin had given the oorrect définitions. It was. indeed, a surprising thing to witness. Another capital trick was Mrs. Baldwin estricating herself from a large bag in whiih she had been securely tied by Mr. Gosper ; it was first tied by a silk packet handkerchief, supplied by Mr. Cull ; then with white tape-which was then sealed. The cabinet was dosed, and almost im mediately there was a banging about of bells, tcm-toms, etc., and the bag was fm¿ '^^XtiT^.^i^ß^^.^ä^^ managed to not only;Mo^:'|Wlim"fM*^ Abbat, but put a tin Weket over that gentle. mnf» :head-lww ie' Aid! ifMr; .-Sppo; ooulàVl «!^l^-,.rini^^-^^3^W'^'i to turn *« patl" by having the aforesaid tut bucket píaood upon bis bead extingiuBhèr fashion. The people of Windsor haye been well amused; they have laugher} most, heartily, and, let us hope, have been in structed by the wonderful performance of Professor Baldwin and bia equally clever wife. If we have devoted more space than usual to Hr. Baldwin, it is. because he-de serves it, for his exhibition was, in every respect, the best we have seen in Windsor, and we feel assured that notwithstanding tho Professor's ".explanations," he would draw just-as good audiences were fae to .come here again within the next six months. We may mention that on Wednesday even ing, Miss Bussell appeared in, and sang in Spanish character, " Esmeralda "-with castanet and tambourine accompaniment aud "The Masher," and was well received. This young lady is a very pleasing ad junct to the entertainment. Onirr.-On the 11th instant, Mrs. West, mother of Mrs. James May, of Pitt Town Bottoms, after a long illness, in the 66th year of her age. Mr. West came down f.'om Armidalea few weeks ago ¡to reside with her daughter in the more genial climate of the Hawkesbury, acting upon medical advice ; but, unfortunately, the change did not prove for the better, and death came, as stated, on Friday. Mrs. West was interred in the Catholic Ceme tery, ou Sunday last, and considering the wet day, it is surprising what a number of people followed in the procession from the Bottoms and elsewhere. I ON Tuesday, after many long months of i suffering and wasting, Katie, the youngest daughter of Mr. Edward Maguire, of Pitt ' Town Road, died at her parents1 residence, at the early age of 10 years. Deceased was interred on Thursday afternoon, in the Catholic Cemetery, Windsor-the funeral procession forming rather a pretty sight as it passed through George-street, for pro ceeding the hearse, the younger girls of the Couveut School marched, under the direc ! tion of Mrs. Conlan.; while the members of the order of " Childr« a of Mary," were immediately in front and around the hearse, I all dressed in white, with long pale-blue I cloaks ; the deceased had been a member of : the order and therefore the display. Fol [ lowing the hearse came several persons on foot, and then a long line of vehicles, reach I ing fully a quarter of a mile, containing I relations and friends. At the Cemetery, : after the Rev. Father Hayes had finished the usual services of the Ohuroh, the young girls forming the order, chanted a dirge over the grave of their late companion many of them being much effected. ON Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Robert Dick Smith, brother of our esteemed townsman, Mr. John Dick Smith, #u3 nephew of Messrs. Robert and James Dick, passed away, at his brother's résidence. As in Miss Maguire's case, Mr. Dick was a victim to that fell disease, consumption He came to the colony some two years .ag? for the benefit of his health ; but fine as our climate is for consumptive diseases, the disease had obtained the mastery, and death came just as the young man was on the threshold of manhood. His body was interred in the Presbyterian Cemetery, on Thursday afternoon-quite a-number oi townsmen following on foot to the grave. Tho Rev. P. Fitzgerald conducted the service, and concluded with an admirable address for the benefit of those present. Wc may state that Mr. John Primrose was the undertaker in the first instance; and Mr, R. W. Dunstan in the latter. Both funerals were admirably conducted, and reflect! muoh oredit upon those who directed. Mr. Smith's coffin was of cedar, beautifully polished, and quite free from trappings ot tinsel-with the name of the deceased, engraved on a silver plate. SAD indeed is it to see a young family de. prived of maternal oare, at any time-mort especially when poor. A Mrs. Cavanougl was admitted into the Hospital, ot Wednesday, almost in extremis, fron Richmond, though we hear 6he ie now re covering. Four or five young childret have been sent to the Sydney Benevolen Asylum, while an older lad has been kindlj taken in hand by Mr. Abraham Eather who, we believe, will do a parents' dutj toward the boy-as he has done befon under similar circumstances. THE FRUIT SOIREE.- We do not think we can rio better than back u» Professor Bald win's advioe when he. read the " bill of the play" of the above, ard advised his audience to patronise what he thought would be a very good thing. Well, so do we, and therefore, as we know how fond the people of Windsor and the district are of good sing ing, ne have not the slightest hesitation in saying "po." The soiree will be held in the finett hall in Windsor, so that there will he plenty of roon) for a thousand, more or less. Tuesday night ts a convenient night; the prioe is moderate (only two shillings), and there will be a plentiful supply of the choicest fruit the district can produce ; so that what with good company, the charm of music, and the healthy refreshment pro vided free of expense, one may fancy him self in Arcadia-though we may fall short of the Greeks in some essentials. We have looked down the programme, and find it, in every respect, a pood one, and ii the singers are up to their usual mark, it will be a feast of harmony, which it would be unwise to miss. KEW SPORTING PAPEB.-The Referee is the name of a new sporting paper, published by Mr. Edward . Ellis, the well-kpown litterateur. It ir in a well got up style, nf liiiht pa^es, prit.led in good type on toned paper. Beside horse- racing, cricket, rowing, yachting, cycling, boxing, etc., there are . evertl columns devoted to the drama and music ; und there is also a column or two of literary gossip. The Referee is, without doubt, a very great improvement upon most ol the spnrtiiig papers v.e have 6een from time lo time published in the colony, and Mr. Ellis' name should be a guarantee to sports men and others that il wi!! always be up to the knocker, as the sporting man's mentor and friend. 'ijji^%eing selected, ||yS#enîly, "*° ,tóín tiicl^o^hj^tÎJ(è>jri^i - arjd j^jfôgMha* believed stfie drinking . ." , te" »t«ppJBjjpiit"aff:'flè ??.lip»»««' .ir«|^l^''ä» fiction. .JSfa ¿bowen, in vvy forcible language, how »any were des troyedwry yoarby soitîide, wkfch could be traced ito the nae of alcohol-they were not in hundrêdi or thousanda, bat in tens and hundreds of thousand». Moat murder* were directly traceable to drink, and in many in stances ^he murderer braoed himself up to the, deed by its stimulating influence. Pauperism, poverty, waste, improvidence, and miser; were, in the main, attributable to this .fel! destroyer. The sinking of ships, and accidents to railway trams, owing to the drunkenness of captains, crews, and engin eers, wer« another result of strong drink-and attended with the usual concomitant of widows and orphans. He referred to the outcasts one might see in Sydney and other large centres of population-pure woman hood dragged down to the lowest depths of degradation, bestial men and starving child rta- all through this unholy traffic. To our shame, the consumption of spirituous com pounds was «yen greater in comparison than In JSngland, where the revenue derived from the accursed'stuff amounted to ISO millions annually. The grain used to- concoct this ' vile -sttiff was sufficient to feed all the poor of London ; if there was no drinking, all these vast sums of money would be -used for a better purpose, and there need be no poverty or wen'. Organization was what was want on to keep this monstrous traffic down - j legislation to deal with the subject, because there were so many influential persons deriv ing profits from it that, unless the root of the thing-the brewers and distillers and whole sale deBiers-was re iched, there could be no hope of reforming the people's ta 6 tee The Ber. 0. Spurgeon was quoted in support of legislation. After the brewers and distillers and wholesale dealers, came the respectable publican -and these were the most dangerous -because seductive and insidious. With regard to the present Licensing Act, he felt assured that the Sunday .clauses were not kept-they were honoured more in the breach than the observance. A new law was required, in which looal option should be the principal feature, so thatsevery man. woman, and child throughout the land should have a voice in the matter of opening public houses. Speaking of those who amassed wealth through the traffic, he said all the water of the earth could not wash the stains off their hands, nor ell the perfumes of Arabia make them sweet. The moderate drinker was re sponsible for much ; the foroe of example .was strong, and the example he set vas a bad one-even though he did not get drunk or waste his substance upon drink. Smoking, too, was a most pernicious habit ; the young ¿nen apquired- this filthy habit, and this, in "most all instances, led to drinking; they were both bad, and both wept together. He urged his hearers to " touoh not, taste not" the accursed stuff, but unite together to bring about an amendment of the laws so as to meet the evil by the only sure remedy full local option. , " ROUGH ON RATS."-Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, -skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. " BUCHU-PAIBA."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss & Co., Agents, Sydney. SERIOUS earthquakes ate reported in Northern Italy. It has been stated that it was predicted that there would be an earth quake on the occasion of the eclipse of the snn, which took place on the 22ud inst. THS concluding match, between the Eng lish cricketers and the New South Wales eleven, was won by the latter-N.S.W., 141, 160 ; Englishmen, 99, 100. PRICE of- maiae in Sydney for prime sorts is 4s Cd per bushel-as much is being given in Windsor, COURT.-Friday.- .James Gardiner was fined SOs by Mr. Becke for being drunk and disorderly, or the alternative of 7 daye. THE elections are now nearly conoluded. Up to Thursday evening. 115 members were elected, 83 of whom are Free-traders-ill of whom, but two, are Ministerialists; there are 32 Protectionists-two of whom are Minis terialists and 6 are "independent," 5 Pro tectionists, and I Free-trader. Mr, Dibbs has been elected for the Murrumbidgee, and Mr. J. E. Kelly (" Stockwhip" Kelly) for the Bogan. There are nine more members to be elected. MOKE heavy rains in Queensland, and serious apprehensions of a flood ate felt at Maryborough. "ROUGH ON ITCH."-" Rough on Itch' cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. " ROUGH ON CORNS."-Ask for Wells' " Rough on Coins." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists. " No paper this week," is what our sub scribers are continually writing to ns. Now we don't know why this should be invariably io one direction-down the river way. We have no objection to supply copies gratis to post-masters, but ire do insist upon our cus tomers' papers being as faithfully carried and delivered as anything else ; if they are not, we intend knowing the reason why. ONE BOX OF O LA BEE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure all discharges from thc Urinary Organs, is either Fer (acqnired or constitutional), Grarel, and Pains in the Back. Guarontrct free from Mercury. Bold in Boxes, 4s Cd each, liv all Chrmiets and Patent Medicine Vendors : Spic Pro prietor, Tm; LINCOLN ANO MIDLAND COUNTIE WILLS* HAIR BALSAM.-If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, Söltens and beautifies. No oil nor (¡tease. A 'onie Hestorative. Stops hair con.ing out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. SKINNY MEÄ.-"Well's Health Renewer" restores heall!) and vigour, currs 1 ly*pepsia, lmpoter.ee, Sexual Debility. Al ciieroists and diuggists. Moses Moss & Co., Agents, Sydney. «pbstsml for the removsl of ibe^r »)'Wfflí»; tbal rare Í8 the household, that ú *i9i5gj| «bern. Arnonpst all jclftsseí, from the domes tie-Servant to the psefcess,universal favour is accorded to these renovating pille.; their invigorating and purifying properties 'render them ssfe and invaluable |n au cases ; they may be taken by femi3e» of «llÄges lor any "dieórgaoisitipn or irseguJarity ofthe system, speedily remo1rinc|^e'#IUM.i*nd restoring the suÁrertó^Dt^ri^É^l^M.a family medicine tbey.ire nntpproachable- for sub dwng the maladies ofjyonug and old. , A Frotestant Pray tr tor Irish Landlords. -The following occurs In a prayer which used to be ottered by Englishmen more than three hundred years ago :~" We heartily pray Thea tb «end Thy Holy Spirit into the hearts of them that possess the grounds,, pastures, and dwelling places of the earth, that they, remembering themselves to be Thy tenants, may not rack and stretch out the rents of their houses and lands; nor yet, take unreasonable fines and incomes after, the ! manner of covetous worldlings,, «ut so let ; thernout to others that the inhabitants there of may be able both to pay the rents, and also honestly to live to nourish their family and to relieve the poor."-Blunt s Reforma tion. A Land Kill.-Mr. C. Bradlaugh, M.P., speaking at the Hall of Science, Old- street, City-road, said he intended to introduce a. Land Bill which WJS not likely to bs brought, forward by anybody else. He proposed in ! his bill to impose by. law upon every land owner the duty of cultivating his land to the best of his reasonable ability ; that any man .who possessed land capable of cultivation* with profi', and who failed to so cultivate it, or who did not utilise it for any purpose | of public.Dr reasonable private enjoyment,,' should be held to be guilty of misdemeanour. When, they found land which admitted of profitable cultivation tlirown out of cultiva tion, either for the purpose of ¿ame or luxury, this should be made a misdemeanour. About 32,000,000 acres of land in (he United Kingdom was not cultivated, and how much of this could be cultivated «uh profit» ex periment alone could show, He proposed that the punishment to be imposed upon con viction for the misdemeanour he would create should be empowering the State to take the laud from its owner at the ordinary rate of value of land in the district, and cal culated upon the income produced by the particular land acquired during seven or fourteen years preceding the time of sale. Game rents should not be deemed income, but only actual produce. If that amounted to anything, he should propose that it should be paid to to the landowner ia bonds of the State beariug the ordinary .interest of the Consolidated Stook, and he should further propose to extend payment over a period of thirty or more years. He would par the amount by letting the land so ac quired to tenant cultivators, who would tender for it in small quantities, and be en titled to hold it for terms, lengthened ac cording to the improvement they «fleeted in it. MOSEY BORROWED FOR PUBLIC WORKS. -The following Parliamentary return shows the money borrowed from lt!65 to 1685 in clusive, for railways or other public works in New South Wales :*-1865. £309700; 1866, £147,520; 1867, £567,200 ; 1868, £1,776,200; 1869, £1,081,500; 1870, £587,300; 1871, £985.100; 1872, £406.800; 1873, £222,285; 1874, £282 9S6; 1875, £1,408 567; 1876, £1,537.882; 1»77, £200.839; 1878, £200,110; 1879, .£2,956,188; 1880, £3,249,500; 1861, £4,200 ; 1R82. £500,000; 1883, £5,500,000; 1864, £3,500.000; 1865, 11,000,000-total, £36,423,837. A CORRESPONDENT from Richmond says: " Professor BiMwin performed his wonderful tricks here last evening (Thursday) to one of the largest audiences I have ever seen at the School of Arts. Our commodious hall was literal ly crammed, and standing room could not be found-m iny having to return borne disappointed. People are highly pleased, and, to tell you the truth, awe-struck, much j as they were amused With the Professor's I humour.'' ! TOWLE'S PENNYUOTAL AND STEEL PILLS FOE FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve tbc distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes ls lld and 2s 9d,of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T. Towlc, Chemiit, Kottinc bara, England. Wholesale of all the Wholesale houses. Beware of Imitation» 