TIIE STAGE. In the absence of any other musical entertainment, the season of comic opera at the Alexandra Theatre, under the lessee -ship of Mr. Thomas Hansen, ought to become very popular. Lecoequc's work 'The Little Duke,' in which Miss Marion Norman scored a decided hit, was with drawn from the boards on Saturday night, when Plancquett's popular opera ' Les Cloches de Corneville' was set down for production before a large house. The ..glitter and brilliancy of spectacular opera +_ exercises a peculiar fascination over ?theatre goers,and the piece being tastefully and appropriately mounted, met with the " approval of the audience. The select and bright chorus in the first act 'All who for Servants are enquiring' was rendered with verve and precision, and Miss Eva Clements, in the sparkling solo 'I may be Princess,' introduced herself at once into favourable notice. Miss Annetta Wilheln as Germaine made her debut a highly suc ,cessful one, and sang ' The Legend of the B-Mells,' in which her sparkling soprano voice had ample scope with excellent effect. The second act, which takes place in the forsaken Chateau do Cornwall, ". brings Gaspard, the niser, into proli , nence. There he hides his stolen treasures, "lyd frightens the villagers by lighting tile castle up and appearing at the window in the disguise of a ghost. The identity is discovered, and the sudden intrusion of the .-populace, while the miser is c.ressing his .wealth, sends him mad In the third act t the most noticeable feature was the ' Cider I Song' by Serpolette and chorus. The fun of the opera was ably contributed by Mr. Johnson as the Baillie, who in his conceit I considers himself as the visible embodi ment of the law, and his clerk Gobo, 1 c rpresented by Miss Donnelli, who depeaded entirely upon facial expressions for the great success she achieved, and tL. variety of expression to give color and vitality to the character is all within the young lady's command of resource. Mr. .Templeton, as the Mlarquis, was not a success, his baritane voice being unsuited I to the music allotted to the role. Miss Davidson, as Grenicheauz, acted and s.ng , Swith vivacity and spirit. Mr. Kelly, as : th'Miser, was in his element. The Misses I Lucy Cobb and Ruby Gordon and A. I :- De Courcy were as efficient as could he , desired. The lively music, the spectacular effects, and the variety of dramatic I incidents in the piece supply a most agree- I able evening's entertainment, and is worthy of patronage. The secretaryship ta in the able hands of Mr. Frank Stuart. ; At the Theatre Royal a new drama, bearing the sympathetic title 'Alone in London,' is having a fairly successful run. The Victoria Hall is nightly filled with I audiences anxious to witness the capital entertainment provided by Mr. Frank M. Clark's exceptionally clever troupe. The company has been strengthened by two Japanese acrobats performing tumbling and acrobatic balalcing feats of excep tional skill. Mr. Harry Friedman, the able manager, was made tlhe recipient of a substantial testimony upon the occasion of the company's anniversary. Mr. Thomas Hudson, the inimitable comedian, after a tour around the world, has returned and re opened St. George's Hall to capital houses. Onzalo, in his aerial flight, caused quite a sensation, while the talented Misses Ada Maven, Millie Herberte, the Misses Bomdet, Outts, and i host of talent are also in the bill. 