CUAPTER III. SLeta looks like a ghost this morning, Dr. Elliot. I'm afraid she will be ill. Will you go and see.her ' said the unsusp!cious, agita ted mother. ' She is taking her conduct to heart, I am glad to see,' said the sister. 'You will find her alone in the drawing room,' said the friend. ' e' ell, Leta, things look very black this morning.' 'Ohg;yes, Dr. Elliot; it is all so dreadful. They dya I hbvdebeh ved so shamefully. ' So you have." 'Oh, Dr. Elliot, even yyou are not my friend. .I am so miserable.' ' Why Because 1 said that our old rela tions were changed yesterday I Is there no new one I can assume, Leta V ' Idon't want a new one.' ' But if I can be your friend no longer, can 1 transform myself into father, brother, or uncle, Leta T 'No, Dr. Elliot; I don't want a new rela tion to you. 'But, my little girl, I dc' Can you suggest any ' 'Please don't tease .me just now, I am so miserable.' ' Lover .and husband, Leta ! How will that doT' 'Oh, Dr. Elliot !' ' Will that answer, my dear love 1' 'Leta held' out both her hands to him- and hid her face on his breast. ' Well, my little girl, -here is your mother; coming: I have just onie thing more to say the less time we give them to talk about us i the better. You will marry me soon, Leta I' 'Yes, whenever you like.' For old stock that cannot properly masti cate the whole grain, there is nothing that will 'fatten so readily as ten parts meal and.. one part linseed meal. If the mixture be moistened with warm water, and slightly salted, to give it seasoning, the animals will eat it clean. Ducks can be successfully raised on farms* not supplied with running water by keeping troughs filled with water where they can have access to them at all times. Ducklings grow faster than chicks, and with proper care are ready for market at the age of from eight to ten weeks. Ducklings must be fed often and kept warm and dry, when they grow very rapidly. They require much the same food as chicks, but more meat. They do not require water until they are well feathered, except for drinking, nor must they get wet. Brahmas and Cochins should always be provided with low roosts. 