Aastralian Talps: and Adventures. No. 15. , A STRANGE STORY. By E. F.WHITWORTH. / Tho story I am about to relato'is a siranga ono. Is .it true? . I do. not know. Judged' (from tho stand point of every day expericnee, I eboufd say that it is impossible that jt could; inave happened, and yet, marvellously and. j totally nnaccoantablo as it scoms and is to . me, 1 cannot bnt behove it to be positively and absolutely a fsct. It io one of thosa- . things whioh oonnot bo explained, and which- : will not be explained away. Wo livo onr visible life, as it were, pooslng. over a narrow bridge lying between two im- moasureblo gulfs, tbat behind ns being, the. (irrevocable past, and that before, tho in- sorptablo future. What tboso gulfs contain,, wbat ia aallsd tha nnsccn world, whether : anything or nothing, tangible or intangiblo, eoienca tolls ns nothing iiboat. Do, then, tho disembodied spirits of tho dond over return to earth. Let my story toll what I think, and oannot but.beliovo. . Many, very many years ago, when I was a yoang man, little moro than a youth in faot,' ust come from England to seok my fortune in this fair land ol Australia, I had mado up my mind to become what was tho summit ot so many ambitious, a squatter. I muBt toll you there were two ol us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, ti eon of my father s sister. He was of about tbo same ego as my-, self, and I was deeply attaobed to blm, as ho ; was to me. We had bcon at school and col. lego tagethor, and I mention this latter to show that wo were both tolerably woU edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with tho superstition and fanoifnl credulity tbat so olten go hand in band with ignor ance. As I have said, wo were deeply attaobed to eaoh other, a oaso 0! Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Fylades, or, better etill, of David and Jonathan. Wo bad oomo ont in tbo same ship, and bad vowod never to separate, bnt to atiok together throngh good and ill. Wo had beard and read In England of too free wild Ufo of toe cattlo kings, of tha boundloss'plalns, and brcozy downs, and grassy glans of tho land of tha Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with bopo that we ioo, soma day, should become, as thoy word, lords of too soil. Bat to beeomo squatters, It was necessary for ns to know something about squatting. Wo woro fairly well provldod with fonds, and bad same good letters of introdaotion, and noting on tbo advico of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, wo determined, boforo venturing into a business of which we know- nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial exporienco. Sheep wo would bava oothlog to do with. Tho life on a sheep run did not suit oar ideas. It was too tame a kind ol thing for ns. . It laoked tho splae of romanaa attendant upon cattlo breeding. Thoro was noije of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down atony defiles and Bleep gomes, too oamping out be neath the giant gam trccainthoeolomnbUBb, the orookiDgstookwhips, the csbbago-tree hats, the blao ehirte, too 'breeches and boots, and toe otoar glories that render the life of a stookman so dcairablo— on paper/' Therefore, oh a oattlo station.would We go,. There' was no grest difllbalty in too matter.- There were plenty of sqnatters/who would ; willingly; hike us on their runs, and !' break: us in "—for a consideration, of courso. ,1. Ono; of those offers wo aocoptcd. It was on' .toe. etatian of a gentleman named/ Maegregor, a -canny old Spbtohman, whioh wae situated on too upper port of the Goulburn river in Vio- itoriu, - and whioh . embraeed : some seventy thousand acres of good- open forest country/ .carrying about eight (thousand five hundred: bead of oattlo. - "V: ,7 s/ZV o-'-. Wo went to work in right down earnest; to leam the business, and I, may fairly say tost > wC succeeded admirably, . We wore both toler-. ably good'horsemen to begin with, and as old' Maegregor was a rigid and exaot man/ who would have his work dona thoroughly well, ahd ns wo were anxious to learn, we, ore long, were turned out rosily/ good bushmoD. So muoh' so that after wo had: been ; with too old gentleman a little over two years, ho pro- liuoau IU uo mai WOPUUUW tu&ti; uw HVIQ uuiuga ol tho station during a visit whioh he proposed to toko to too old country. . ; : Notoingconldhavo suited ns hotter.- Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight Jh, we. jumped at the offer, and: ore another month,.ho had. departed/on his home trip, and. we were installed ia the largei . comfortable house of our employer, praati- > ' oslly " bosses " of too situation, and certainly, monarohB of all we surveyed/for the nearest hauso was; Garfrao'e, over the ranges some twenty miles away. ( -' Our honso, as we oonsidored it , was a wooden . strupture,: of many, rooms, having .a ;wlde verandah round tbroo sides. - It stood ou- the brown of a aweliihg' down '.tost formed -tho . homo paddpik, ahd that Blopbd; away pist a small creek that forraed ona of the oflluents ' of tho Goulburn; to too foot of a range ol hillo .about five miles, away, and that 'shut in 'the ' view to tlig novth. ; Through ;this range, ahd exaotly opposite tbeliope, was a dip' or gorge, known locally no " MaegAqoris Gap,',' and hot ; ing too Bole means; of eom'u-jnication that existed between pur. peaeeful valley and the foveriBh world whoso heart throbbed so fiercely outside. . - (.7/' i Most of the houso wob olosoa, for thorp wore far more ;rooms then two -booholor'e .obuld possibly use. Wo eaofi had abodrbom, entered ', from the front -verandah/ ahd our oommou sitting and . dining room lay between the two, and was ss wclLour oflieo/ ambking-rpom, . library, and musib-room, for:..Mr,.Maogregor' had a good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for tha usa : of his .two 'daughters, who. had acoompaniod him' homo. Our household conoisted sbiely of our two. soiveo, Aiob. Payne, tho head stookman, who . slept ovor tlio etableB, an hgly and hot- tempered old Sootehwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived oomowhoro in unknown parts at tho back, of too houso, and who claimed to bo distantly altin to too " Maistor," nnd tyrannised over us aeoordingly, and a Bingolarly handsomb oollby slut naraod Fly, who located In spots/ indiflarentlylnm'mo or Jim's bedroom, at her' own awect will hud sovereign pleasure. ' _ Tho elation hands had thoir h'uts at con. eidprablo dtstanacB, and wo rarolysaw anyol . thorn, except when they aame to the house tor/ rations, or on other .business.,. ' Ealoyoh days, indeed, wbrofhobo wb passed, in too oof t, nwoat Australian spring. Fishing in the Goulburn, shooting in tho hills, kanga-' roolng on tho flats, with plenty ol healthful, employment to keep us from rusting, who eouldhavo bcon happiertoun Jack Alloyno, that was.myoolf, and Jim Wolsh, too managors and roeidonto of too Gop Station. ' But our timo ol unolloybd happlnoas was not to last, Tho blaoks took to spooring, onr oattlo. Why thoy did it wo bbnld not toll/Tor wo had always treated toofowwholiadBhown np on too run with too utmost, liindnoto. Whore thoy oomo from wo oould hot conjec ture, for there wera practically none belong- ing to our immediate neighbourhood. Nono, in foot, , of any. aoeoiint, nearer than tho Warrigol triboa olGippflland. 7 ThcyweroilerooiouoandmisQhibvoUSC&bngh; we know, bnt wa 'aonld not imagino' that they wonid leavo their nativo bannts so far away too southward, and oross too . all bnt inac cessible fastnesses of tho main'rabga to dons aninjary. We eonld not account for. their presence, we could find no reason for their aots; nnloss, indeed, thoy wera some wander ing tribo .who had been badly need , by tho white man eomowhere; and were revenging thomsolves indisoriminately anfriond aad'foe alike. 7 '(7. 7 ( 7- Bat there was the nnmistakabla fact. We were firat inndo awaro of it by'Aleo. our head, stookman, riding ap to the hoasb in hot baste one forenoon with too intelligence. He had, so bo informed as/ beon ont-to onc of the oattle oanpps, and returning by too foot of tbo hill had came across blood marks on tho grass. Following them np he had found too. : remains of a young strawberry holler, onft of bor ehoioest breed. ; Tho blacks bad osrried off sdmo 0! the flosh, and had lalt the rest to tha hawks. Was ho euro it was too blaoks who had done it ? Quito euro. There was : no mistako about that, for be had seen tha mark of tke spo'ar thrusts. He had ridden up . to the house as fast as ha aonld, to Bee what was to be done. .What was to be done? Ah 1 that was a poser. ; Find the maranding saaundrels. Jast 'so. But where to find thorn?. Where to look for toom? Thoy; were , miloe' away, no doubt, gona this way or that, Who eonld tell ? It was our first oxperieneb with blaoks, that Is to ssy with mischiov6us"once, and wo wore com pletely at a loss how to act in the omergenoy. Jim and I, oslling Aloe, to onr eonnsels, . sat np late that night disonssing- too matter, nl- though with but iittla result further than tbat we determined to koep'a striot look oat for too thieves in future. We might as wall havo saved ourselves the tronble. Do what wo eonld/ ride to and fro on tho ran, early and late, as wo might, wo never eonld oomo across them. Had wo had native traobors we might probably have fonnd their trail, and hantea them 0 It, tor tho blaoks havaawonderful instinct, andanatursllovafor this bloodhound kind of work— it is strange, indeed, how too partially civilised aboriginal takes a oraol delight in traokfng and,, it may bo, slaughtering his own countrymen, oven those ot his own tribe, bat so it is— bat we had no hookers, and were totally nnaeqaaintod with too bnshcraf t and the thousand and one sbiits and tricks ot toesa cunning denizens of toe woodsand wilds foroonaealing tocmsslves and eluding pursuit. But of their preeenee we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that wa did not gel reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an occasions! beast for food, thoy bad, so is their wont, taken to spearing our osttlo indiscriminately, and for abcerlovo 0! bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, trcnohorous and vindictive as thoy were, would fly at bighor gemo, and would tako to killing human beings as well as cattlo. At all ovents wo went continnnlly armed, wo and too stookman too, with rovolvors, and should daabtloss havo given good account of somo of thorn, oould we have found them, whioh oa I : havo said; we oould not. Thon for a timo como a oosoalion of hostilities, as it were. Tbeyeocmcd to havo quitted onr part of too oountry for wo had no farther alarms, and wora jnst beginning to aongratnlate 'ourselves in having got rid of our troablcsomo visitors, when almoet eimul- tsneonsly wo heard of no fewer than throe lino yoang head of oattle beiag found slaughtered in widely, different parte of too run. Wo were at our wit's end, but.oleaily something must be dope, and -at once.-. This kind ot thing oould not bo permitted to go on. But how to prevent it 1 Wby-tho wretches; had Mooted to- commit their depredations -oh onr run, ;or whether, thoy had extended them to other parte of too . district wa did pot know. ' Again wo held a couhoil of war, and agaiu wo foit onrsolvoB powerless' to cbpo; with tho evil. Wo felt certain that the blaoks were about in fores; ; but whether they; were oamped in .too ( douse . bueh thaKbordoro'd our run, or whether, as was most likely; .'they hod, thoir head quarters in the rugged mountain rangea to too north/, ward bf us, wb were uuabib to say. It is as certain 'ho wever that thoy were not looated on the run, as, had they, been, wa should havo been sura to havo fallen in with tho marks of - their fires/ if not with too rains of their wurloye of branches of berk., -Wosatlatoin too night, without: having arrived at any settled plan of oporations,' further than that Jim Welsh had Pxpresscd his determination to ride over to Onrirao's the fallowing morn. ing,(and ;oonsnit with our (hcighbour 'as to what bed best bo done. Ferbaps that was too best thing after all, for Mr. Oarrrao had bean a long timo in tba UUlUUJfg HUU UIIIJU IhttBUUUUIJI UU DUyocia IU be better acqnaintbd with the habits /of too - savage tribes/ and the best mothod ol dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether nhacaohntabla repugnance; to ; lotting Jim go. A singular vaguo premonition of evil whioh would not assamo any tangible shape and whioh eladod my mental grasp at i too oama time aa it ' woald not ha laughied away. ( i( .7- " 7. f Alter en early, breakfast, Jim saddled; his horss; and preprired for.a start, ridiouling my graundlsss fears and- attompts to induoa him (not to venture. Hls argument was uuanswpr- able " Obr.plain duty.fa blear," hp soid,. ". vro havo.already loat somcthiug liko a saoro of our primp battlb/wb have been totally unablo/ to pnt otop-to/ to miBohioI, and unices wo take soma deoidsd atop toorev is no telling whalthoresultwiUbb."- I could not oontradiot this/':ot aonrso, and oould'ohly adviso him to bo ooroful, and to keep as muoh as' possible in open country. ,; ( ..'.'.Novor fear," ha replied oheorlully, " I am well armed, and tha ; Wrick . scoundrels bava too wholcsomo a' terror of the ( whito man'e thnndor.and lightning to venture within oooey of mo." '( Notwithsfandlng this, it was with a sinking at iny. heart that I saw him tighten' bis girths, vault into too saddle, and banter gsify over the grassy stretch of. too homo paddock in the- direotion of tha gap. . I, watched him until ha was out of sight, shading my oyea with my band, .from too bright rays of the morning- pan, and then I, turned into tha houso with something liko, a sigh, determined, to drive away my uneasy- toooghts-by writing long lotterehomo. Ia.vain, too inspiration would not come. I blandorcd and' bungled through iny oorrcs- pondonno for two hours or moro, nnd thon gavo it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by tiro shadow of. u nmuolono, formless fear, a hidden terror, that; like tho " Dwclleroon tho Threshold" of which wo read, I had no die- 'tinot oomprahcnelon, bat wbioh was, nono the loss, there. ' ' ( '"'It was a oloar warm day; tho. silenoe was almost oppressive, and by-and-byb; lulled by tba faint but ever present hunt of too buub. I fell into a light bat troubled clamber. My', dreams, if dreams thoy oould be oalled wero, as my waking thohghlB hud boon, " without form.nnd void," yet dimly' Bhadowerod' by a prooentimont of impending ill. ' ' Iknow nothbw long I nlcpt.bat all at ones ; I was rhesod from my nnrsst, by along, load;' hall howl, half wail ot a dog, go weird, so in expressibly sad, that it scorned to .torn my vory blood to ioo. I'awoka with a start, nnd : wont ont nt tho open door. ; As I otoppod out upon tho verandah,. Fly,, our oollio dog camo whining and crouching to my foot, and oronohed tremblingly behind me, naif in mortal terror. At tho same moment tny oyes wore blasted with a now Gorgon. /Coming slowly up the path/ not twenty yardfl from mo, nnd gliding rathor than walking, waoa/er«i, tho form of my cousin, Jim Wolsh, whom I had Boon; start for Cariruo's soma hoiira before. . Fale to lividncss, shadowy, othcrcal, with a look ol pain on his cratwhilo (handscmo feoo, and n - crimson blotch ot blood welling from a deep g«Bh in his breast. I stood aa iMurned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to spook, powerless, almost, to think. . Was I still dreaming? No. Thero ho was, plainly palpahlo before ma. I felt my , oyes dilato. I felt my hair stiffen on my head. I folt my heart throb as if it wonid buret, and still all I oould do was togazoentranccdond spell-bound in silent, namoiess horror. My (brodthaamo fast and thick, and as it oomo . nearer and atill nearer, with a supreme effort 71 gasped rather toon spoko", Jimf" - - The form waved its hand ia the direction ot the gap, a smila Bpread over the anguiBhod oountennnoo. aud then it elowly melted into nir-.. Was I thenmsd? No, no, n thousand times no, although ifwos surely enough to havo > : drivon mo oo. I woo as eano as i am now. . What itwnB.or whother itwas, I did not, I do not spoonlato. I only know that I saw it, I'toll yoa'I.raio it. For a timo I etood inoa- - pahla of motion or reasonable thought; Thon osmo tho reaction. With a hoarse,. harsh half laugh,' h&lf; sob, I bounded forward to < where ii had stood. Tbare was nothing, I might havo known that. . 1 did know it. - 1 - ran round to tba stabla, hastily saddled a horse, enatahed np my revolver, mounted, and hntless, eoatless, da I was, galtepped down . tho homo padddek. ' Where was I going ? I hardly knew. I had bnt one feeling, ono idea, that of bitter vengeance on the pcrpetrdtora of this foul deed, for tont a foul deed had boon - .- dono I knew only too well. I headed for tho rooky hlaffs tbat formed tho Gap, and. bathed in perspiration, and - . with tho hot' firo of hatred at my boart, sped aoross tba intervening down. Did I think ol danger, ol death perhaps, to myself?, No, Rsvengol Revengo 1. Soon 1 reached tho Gsp. AU still, all silent. Tho grim walla hemmed mo in on oitbor hand, but' told mo nothing. Doopor and deeper Into too gloomy difilo I passed, deeper - and deeper etill, bnt nothing. Notaalgbt, not a sound savo the olatter and ring ot my horse's iron shod hoels ovor tho rongh boulders. I dismounted, and elowly led my boreo ovor the rugged traok for it was un- sate to ride. Moro dismal, mora wildly soli tary grow tho sccno, a quarter ot a mdo, halt . a mile, a mile, and then— At last. There ha lay. Yes, there ho lay. All there was leit ol him. 01 my friend, of dear, trao hearted, handsome Jim. Dead 1 - Dead I Alas I Alas 1 Dead I Dead I Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously buried from behind a roek, as ho was riding, or probably leading his horso, throngh too deGto. Aepcar thrust whioh entering his back, had coma ont at bis breast, endued oloft bis heart in twain. < There, nt my feot, an bis back, with a smite on bis pallid lips, gazing blindly into my faco with glazed eyes, as it in mockery of my unntteroblo woe. . Do I feel ehamo in saying that tha tears fell hot and fast from my oyes upon that cold faoo/ that my kisses were impressed on tbat . lifeless hand, which bad never before met mino save in tba warm grip, of friendship? Not I. A man ahoda tears ant seldom, bat when ha does, thoy aro,' ns it were, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wislfally into tba faoo of my dead friend I know not. I felt . ray heart throb nlmost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into dim unoon'soionsnpes, and then, kind heaven cent relief to iny 'over charged feelings; The grim deflls,' tbo bn3h boyond, Jt at my feet, eaemed to swim roand . mo. Ail earthly things worohlottod out/ and I fell forward in n swoon; and all was'dhrk.:. , But too awakening, oh 1. top awnkoriug. . . ; 1 Bat too nwakening;(ohl (too Awakening. .. <> ' Ifoand myeplt lying on a couch in tho . front room of oar houso. I awoke as it might. 1 bo after n heavy eieeu and 1 knew . not where-: I was.- For n timo Hay only partially, eon- - - saioao, yet still oniirely conBolouB ol.Reeiog . : .fbrmo.Ik'ndw:a'rennd mo'.!; Aleo/ Payne', 'Doctor: Rae from the township, and a femalo with u - - ' faas otrango to/ mo, stood roand'my bed. ; : 7;- . I lay/ dimly, trying to gntherup-thotaiigled ' :. threads ol memory; whioh Seemed to havo : been woven into a kind ot inoxtricablo con7 ' fasten; I tried to ratsa my band,; and it fell back on too counterpane/ saetningly as. hoavy ss load. And then, i Bpoke. or ratheri aa; it ,/ seemed to md/somoone else nppearedtospeak mythonght,Boweakandgr.9ping was tho . ;.\:: voico. ( V;..: ' j:: . 7(( .7-: . " "Where am I ?" I ssked. " Thank God," ojsouldted tho Dootor, " tha worst iBbtor. Mind and memory aro raturn-. ing." " For n time I lay still, trying to: think -of: ; .7; the moaning of what he said, und then; as in - nn instant, the tide flowed. 'It nil camo bsok ; ' to mo. ; All, all. Tho mysterious visitant, too . giuuuijr Hui(su, iuu.ueau uaujr 01 m/ uieua ns,., /. my font. ; , I; had as thoy told me/ boon found lying noross tha edrpso of Jim in tho gop, found. hy. .7 Alee. Fayne, who had from a distanao scon mo gaUoping. wildly' in that/ direction, and ; who, snspeoting eom'ething was wrong had 7 followed on foot. If had been; ill, vory ill, .. nearly at deaths' door/ down with a vlolont . "' , brain feyor/ for days',' ever sineo; .; but,' thank '/v.. ( (God/ the doogor was past. AO for the, appari- . /;//' : 1 tipn I had scon, Dr. Rao discoursed learnedly , .7 on psyohology and kindred : matters/, pravc-a to hte own eatisfedtten,. . doubtless— tost: at ;v .;;;'( tho timol daw ;it,/ or was /supposed to. bsvo . 'seen it, I was under tod influenca of incipient ..brain tovor/induoodhy worry and work and , tho.trouhlo conocquont.on -the ravages: made . on our slook by tlio blaoks. . Ho persuaded ma that it wasaU fanqy, imagination; . tha:out- , (oomo' of 0 heat oppressed brain,' all the rest ol , . it/by; whioh soientisis liy to explein tho nn- - . ; explainable. "77.7 7 / V;77 7 77' . ' ' Perhaps ho was - right. I- do not know; /common sbnod; would toll mo that lio was right, and that It waa only in my own die/: . ; ; tinbed brain and mind that fatal vision had . . boon. That ie, no doubt, a.sufiloientiy luoid , explanation, but for all that, I Bay, oa Shako- spearo sajn . " " Thoro aro more things iuHoavcn and earth':; Horatio Than ovor you dreamt oSin yonr philosophy." I say with regard to tha Bpirit or ghost, or what yon will, ot poor mnrdorcd Jim Weloh, my cousin, and myheart'e friend, as 1 havo said before— I saw it, , . . Tlio decipherers of tho papyri whioii havo been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, havo learned from ono of thorn tlio cxietenoo ot u town' in lower Egypt, nil tiucs of. which peoma to havo. disappeared for tho lost 1,200 years, Tho document io a papyrus, n littlo over -ilt, long by lit. wido, containing a mar- riago contract in Greek, and ia -well .preserved. The date ia not given, hut/Profeenors Kara- : baeok and Wceseloy bclicvo it belongs to tho. early part of the sixth oenfury. Tno bride- groom was named Thoon, tho bride Matin. Shshad n fortune ot her own araountinq to . 100 gold pieaee, and tho faturo husband en- gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for < an ordinary legiti- , : mata wile./' There are wituesses and a- notarial oo'rtifieate. ' AU tho parties ate de scribed as belonging to tho tram ol. Justian- opolio. Tho editors declare that thoy can find no mention of this placo oin'onis any lists of tho toryno, oto/, ;ol Lower Egypt;, Forty varieties o£ rio'o aro grown in Bar. mnh, the lntcst additions to too tcrntorios ot Great Britain. ' These ratigo: in huo from white to black. Barmah also produoee many other, kindd of -edible grains,' (pno of whioh is. lr'uown as ('Job's Tows". 'According to Dr. . Thomas Mooro '.this grsiro .derives ite name 7, from tholargo, round, shining fruit it besre,' ,:'7" (in whioh can bo traced some rescmbiatico to . tears. It ocanya in (Japan no well no tho, Aeiatio continent. _____ 1 " ' 51) 