The Autumn Fashions. With the registering degrees of heat in a treble row of figures, and an atmosphere which, in the language of a whilom traveller in India, ' makes one feel as if 6tuck all over with postage stamps,' the idea of :t:itumn clothing, or of thinking of any garments but the lightest and airiest, teems intolerable Nevertheless, such is the charm of novelty in gowns and bonnets to the average teminine mind, that the announcement of the first show of autumn millinery and costumes attracted a large attendance at Victoria House on Monday last. The rumoured change as to the height of bonnets is decidedly confirmed by the shipment of models from the well known ' Eugenie.' These show a pro nounced diminution. The raised fronts have almost disappeared, and with scarcely one exception the latest style of shape fits to the head. A peculiarity is also noticeable in the arrangement of the front of the bonnet, which in many instances has the trimming and foundation in one. In millinery bonnets, loo, there is the mixture of light and heavy materials, which has been so popular in cos tumes, and the fashion of several shades of the same colour seems also to be carried out in the head-gear: the stringless bonnets will not be worn for the autumn ; not one of the latest shipment is without the ribbon strings. A novelty in packing them will be imitated by many — i.e., each string is rolled on a long strip of tissue paper wide enough to extend on each side of the ribbon far enough to tie in a knot when the rolling is finished. In this wav thejstrmgs keep their freshness, and will ?wear twice as long if the plan is followed by the purchaser. The prominent colours for the season, judging from the number of models, will be, first brown, second gold shades, third anemone, fourth grey, with combinations of blue and tan, blue and brown, and a few green. In brown the tabuc shades, whether styled ' Havane ' cigar, or tobacco with the darkest tan, are the favourities, the rule lining that thrre shades am combined in the on-» article, with arm sionallv a contrast in Ihe trimming added. In the present display there arc sowal bon nets in which the shape is covered with eilk or satin of the lightest shade used, over ?which a very open lace embroidery or euipurn is placed in a darker shade. The front is covered with velvet several shades deeper, and bows of faille in a tint midway between the velvet and lace. The following are a few of the selected models : — A bonnet with, indented crown, covered ?m'tii FTflvnnn broom chenille cord, connected by gold threads, the front full of seal brown velvet resting «£ the head, and raised in front in folds ; wings of brown kirdB and bows of myrtle green faille, brown faille strings ; all the ribbon picot edged. '. . , , . , A second in olive chenille, checked bars on a velvet ot lighter shade ; with the bows of pale blue satin, and a blue osprey, with a very handsome metallic ornament. A new shade of fawn embroidered stuff for the founda tion, with two shades of a new tone in terra cotta, the deeper in velvet for the full font ; the lighters in faille for loops ^Biscuit-coloured lace, embroidered with gold and silver grapes in clusters over a pink satin foundation ; full front of deep anemone velvet ; bowBof pink satin for trimming. Cream guipure over pale anemone satin ; front of dark anemone velvet, with very large silver globe, or, rather, many «mall silver balls formed into a globe, ornamentang the front; loops of anemone faille of a lighter shade than the Three shades of tabac brown; bonnet in chenille loops in faille, brim in velvet and tuft of cream marabout for trimming in the centre; nut brown velvet front, with ficelle lace over gold satin for the bonnet; gold coloured satin bows. , , - Pink satin foundation, covered with ten lace, front or dark brown velvet set on full, and pink faille loops. Orange brown velvet embroidered, the flowers studded with gold beads, with velvet of a deeper shade in the front, and a cluster of moss-green feathers in the centre, makes a -ar more elegant bonnet than the mixture of colours implies. A peculiar model resembling a helmet was of deep peacock blue velvet, bordered round the bonnet and down the centre of the crown, witha trimmingof jet an inch wide, loops of satin ribbon a little lighter were veiled in rich French lace, and placed in the centre apparently held in place by along jet pin, with ornamental top as large as a w..inur. B):if]; Im.--. wilb win;; -.-hiiijod j.-t ornaments mi i.i1h(-i : iui1 raisf'd high -o n , 10 Nippon :i trimming oi' pink and light moss-green bows, made .1 novel and dcffant luokuig bonnet. Grey plush, ?with a from of ;;ruy Rather trimming and large steel ornament, made a boniiet which only a gentlewoman would select. lllack jetted luce over steel-grey satin with black feathers ami grey loops, was quiet and ladylike. A decided novelty for a young' lady was u£ tan-oolourcd cloth stamped iu a very open pattern, over ruby velvet, (he front of open cloth work, after a modified (j ninny or 1 Olivia, now called the l'hiygieune, with ruby velvet loops | and large pompons in three shades of red. In hats the | Muruuth is the leading shape, whether in straw or velvet. Figured velvets arc used for covering the high crowns, the toque brims being generally covered with, plain velvet oi a darker shade. lligh-iTowned straw huts have these toque brims covered with velvet of the same shade, or a decided contrast. A gold-eoloured straw lias the brim of seal brown: a navy-blue straw has the brim in blue, edged with poppy, the trimming of blue and red combined ; a ruby velvet, with pale pink spots, has faille bows of chandron faille, and wings of a pinky shade. A very pretty fawn- coloured straw i* trimmed with fawn-coloured satin, frraceiuily arranged in folds : in the centre four little birds nestU ciosr; together with -.-ing-? somevrhat out cf proportion, rising 'ap in front, the brini cohered '~ith velvet of the ,-srnc shade Dark sroen ?nrnv,-, with a brim r.i bi 07.-11 velvet and.-, cluster of bosrr-, half suitau failie hnif erer-n, L;«d the aiinurs j -.r, blended as to harmonise vcW. A piv-tiy br-nnf-i 0!' biwii In;-.-, vviih n. wivr-i rr.innr-i front, hiid'a large lmncli -if r.iwslips fxijuisiii-ly inaito for j ornament. j A straw bonnet of golden brown was trimmed with loop? ' \ AUTUMN FASHIONS, No, 1.— Home-dress,— The dices ip of papphirc-blue cashmere, omrnientecl with rows of n achine-stitching ; tlie bodice and sachet arc finished by handsome bead ornaments. No. 2.— Hqmo-dressf— The frpnt of skirt, revers, and cuffs aip of heliqtrotte embroidered cashmere ; tunic and bodic? of striped silk in two shades of heliotrope; vest of finely striped ppl:in: of myrtle green faille, upon which largo, velvet buttercups rested. The caps are growing smaller and smaller, until the majority are airy, dainty combinations of lace with bows of ribbon, feathers, or flowers resting lightly upon them. One, in cream lace, has loops of lemon colour and helio trope satin; another, in tan lace, has violet and gold blossoms in clusters. A lappet of white lace has a knot of mauve ribbon, spotted in violet and edged with white satin as trimming. A dainty cream lace is ornamented with crevette satin and ruby velvet in loops, cream lace with gobelin (ghost grey) bows, and pactole velvet in shades from dark to light ; the lightest fringed is mixed with white lace. There is scarcely any making apparent ; but the art is revealed when a novice attempts imitation. French milliners are unrivalled for blending colours and making bows. ? '? 