Eaglehawk's • Victry. ..Br E. G. DrsoN. The love of horses and horse racing is a national characteristic of Australians. In no country, not even England, is the fondness for equine competitions so general. Old timers, who can look back to the fifties, may remem ber that the enthusiasm evoked in every little country township on a local race day amounted almost to delirium even then, when the best prads brought forward were settler's hacks or the cobs of butchers and bakers. The settlement which could not support a race meeting those days was generally regarded ,asaa.spoverty-stricken, half-dead hamlet, not \- fit to be the abiding place of a Mongolian leper, and no man could be found to say a good word for it. Those who can call to mind the bush races of '58, and the fierce excitement they gave rise to in a locality for weeks previous to the great ':day,'the stiff sums that were planted on fa vorites, the care bestowed on the horses, and the liquor drank to their good health, cannot be surprised when they turn to the Cup race of to-day and regard the teeming thousands who rush to witness it, the riches and anxiety ex pended over it, the sorrowful groans and joyful cheers which greet the winner, and the enor mous influence the sport exerts over the na tion-these are but the natural growth of the infatuation evinced on every bush course in the early days. Horses always ran to win those times; there was no buying over, no pulling favorites, •.every owner raced square, and his money was on the horse he entered. Some splendid cattle pranced into thiearena at the sound of the bell frequently enough; fine, upstanding animals, S.:with glossy sides and lots of blood, though their pedigrees may have been mislaid in the confusion of a new country. The 'Setilers' Club race meeting at Leth bridge, on St. Patrick's day in the year '58, was an event which excited great interest over all the surrounding district for weeks before= hiand. SThe advent of the Ballarat line had given business an astonishing impetus in Lethbridge, money was plentiful, good horses were numer-' . onus, and the presence of two or three hundred rollicking, devil-may-care navvies, all tended .to heighten interest in the Settlers' Club meeting.: The great event of the day was the Steeple chase, a four mile race over rough jumps and heavy ground. Twelve horses were entered, but besides Eaglehawk and Vixen no prad was thought to have a ghost of a show. Heretofore Vixen had beaten everything pitted against her, but Eaglehawk was a new-coiner, a beau= tiful chestnut " Round-hoof'd, short-jointed, fetlocks shag and long; Broad breast, full eyes, small head and nos tril wide; Higt crest; short ears, straight legs, and pass S ingstrong.; "Thin mane, thick tail, broad' buttock, tender hide." And-his' ierformances were whispered about to -be sodineing wonderful. He was' owned by Mr. James Ware, a young fellow who kept a store on the line for a Melbourne firm. Mr. Ware had- not been long in the district,' but during his short residence he had contrived to, make more friends than many who had lived there, for years.. He was a fine, handsome, uniiy-tempered young fellow of about twenty :two, tall, and slim, blue eyes,. fair-haired, and possessed of jovial humor that. was contagions -? to ;ill' but Miss Alice Stanford, the proud: owner of the invincible Vixen. There was some misunderstanding between 'these two. They imagined they disliked each oth~i coridially; neither knew the why nor . iwherefore.: At the first meeting he had glanced at her, and thought what a very pretty, su perior sort of young lady she was; she had peejid at him from under her broad-brimmed hat, and thought what a handsome, gentle manly, sort of a young fellow he was.; and they had straightway assumed an air of icy re s.:erve: towards each other, which was quite foreign to both their natures and altogether unaccountable.. , f'Miss Stanford told her friends that she . thought Mr. Ware was a bit of a fop, and Mr. Ware told his friends that he thought Miss SStainford was absurdly uppish and too tanned to'be'called pretty; and when Miss Stanford had occasion to go to the store she gave her or ders :briefly and stared fixedly and coldly at the illustration upon a tobacco box, whilst all Mr. Ware's cheery spirit seemed to go out from him, and he served her in frigid silence. Yet, in reality, these two had a lively interest in each other-it was truly remarkable. . Miss Alice Stanford was the daughter of a big-hearted pastoral gentleman who owned :a farm on the banks of the Moorabocl. He loved his daughter better than all the world besides and by his indulgence had done enoughto spoil .,fifty ordinary girls; but Alice wasnot an ordi nary girl; she had grown up self-willed, but very charming and lovable withal. Vixen was Miss Alice's pride and joy. The mare had been reared especially for her; the conquests of the beautiful black animal were sources of the greatest gratification to her young mistress; and when the pampered:and petted Alice heard that Mr. Ware had entered Eaglehawk for the Steeple she easily con vinced herself that his sole desire was to spite her by winning the stake and the trophy, and she becaine more determined than ever upon Vixen gaining the day. * If the truth must be known, the ungallant idea of bringing Alice Stanford down a peg or two had some weight with Jim; he thought it wou' d: be great satisfaction for something,' he didn't know exactly what. As a matter of fact, although he would not admit it even to himself, Aihce's bearing towards him piqued hini considerably; he would rather have been good chums with the hazle-eyed, brown haired girl th~an'.with all the other girls -within a day's journey. he Of course everybody had noticed the coolness between Jim Ware and Alice Stanford. It is a very 'trifingmatter that escapes the eyes and tongues of the gossips ina ~asll towniship, and theisteeplechase was soon regarded rather as a trial for mastery between Alice and Jim. It was not so nrli a'matter of "Will Eaglehawk win?" or a Will Vixen win?" as "Will Jim Ware or Alice Stanford scoop the honors?" Efaglehawk and Vixen were discussed from the tips of their tails to the tips of their ears; each.horse had a strong partyof backers who descanted long and earnestly on the good points of the'two favorites. Whiskey galore was. driunk to the success of both animals, and as the day grew nearer the excitemerit ran to fever height, and the conversation was cdn fined 'exclusively to Miss Standford, Mr. WarIe,'Vixen, Eaglehawkl and young Cody the boy who was to ride Vixen.r Jim 'War had decided to mount Eaglehawk himself., On the day before the races Alice and Jim had passed in the street, she with 'a haughty toss of her head, he with a nonchalanit swing of his whip. This episode was freely discussed at the public-house, and more money was staked and niore toasts were drank. - Vixen was in splendid form and Alice was confident. The excitement kept her cheeks in a perpetual glow. She informed her father, st'least.a'dozen times a day; that " that im pudent coxcomb," meaning Jim, "would look remarkably small after the race," and Mr. Stanford would smile in an aggravating way, and a;ik her did she really dislik?eyoung Ware so very much. "Of course I do, Pa !" would be her reply. "Doesn't he want to win only to spite me ? I just hate him!" - "GQammon 1" her father would reply, quizi cally; which usually put Alice in a bad humor, and made her flush up very scarlet. 'I'he morning of St. Patrick's day, 1858, broke beautifully fine, and before the first race was started everybody" wh6' lived within a radius offifteen miles, and could ride, walk, or limp, collected on the Settlers' Course, a large cleared space within a patch of sparsely timbered country, The starter was there in a red hunter's coat, mou~ted on a grey pony, like a mule, and put ing on a lot of style. The judge, a stout, pom pous gentleman, the proprietor of the local public-house, was also there; as was the clerk of thecourse and the members of the commit tee, all important gentlemen, wearing rosettes, and fussing about min an animless way. Mr. James Ware was there, laughing and chatting with- one and all, and slipping aside to the tent to have a liquor with every third man who came along.. But Mr. Stanford and Alice and Vixen were late arriving, and when they did come Alice was pale, and her father looked neasy. The uews spread like wild-fire that Vixen's riderhad been thrown early'in themorning,and hurt his leg so that it would be impossible for him to mount.. : Here was a how-d'ye-do? Everybody knew Vixen's temper; she would permit no one on her back but Alice and the hurt stable boy, young Cody. Vixen's backers groaned in spirit, and each and all felt their day's sport was spoilt; the steeplechase would be .a gift for Eagle. hawk, an the whole meeting would prove as stale as beer:dirawn 'yesterday. There, was nothing for it- biit'totake another Whiskey and bear uj. . : By-and-bye, however, a rumor went round : Vixen was to run-yet, who could ride her to win but Cody ?-it"was a'forlorn'hope at- the best. The three preceding races were run without exciting much interest, and then the horses for. the steeple trotted down to the scratch, and the crowd pressed to that point; and as Jim came cantering along the sward, ,mounted. on his magnificent chestnut,; the people cheered madly, and the air was derkened with hats. Jim wore his colors,, blue and white with blue cap, and looked handsome enough to touch the heart of the coldest damsel. Eagle hawk was in the pink' of conldition, and his supporters were vociferous in their praise. "Vixen ! Vixen 1!" Yes, here she comes,. led by.Mr. Stanford, and looking fit for anythihg. She receives an ovation equal to that accorded to Eaglehawk. But who shall ride her ? where's the jockey? The query is still on the lips.of the people, when a slight figure in 'a short, 'tight-fitting riding-habit, wearing a bright pink 'cap 'and a pink sash, Vixen's colors, breaks through the crowd, and takes her stand at the side of the black mare. " Miss Albe !" The chee are deafening; the peoples wild with excitement, and sway about ,ike a field of corn before a blreeze. It is noticed that Vixen is carrying a very small 'side-saddle. Alice is going ro ride her. A red spot burns inieither cheek of the girl; her lips are firmly set, andsehe looks beautiful, indeed, patting the glossy, arched neck of her pet. Mr.' Stariford looks perturbed, aiid before" assisting Alice to the saddle he makes 'afinal. ineffectual appeal to her to abandon her mad cap undeitaking. But Alice is firm; she will never give it up of her own free will. 'When she first proposed to ride Vixen for the steeple, Mr. Stanford laughed at it as a joke, but by arguing, coaxing, tears and caresses, she had at length gained his consent. He knew his daughter to be a fearless equestrienne, and had grown accustomed to seeing her take Vixen over three- railed fences at a gallop. He thought her safe if she kept out of the ruck, and knew he could trust Vixen for that much. "Be very careful, darling !" "Never fear, father; Vixen and Iknow each other. Alice sits her horse with perfect grace; the reins are gathered in' her right hand, whilst she grasps a keen whip in her left. "She looks -straight before her, awaiting the word, and once more the crowd cheers lustily. " Vixen will win !" She bows to them1 smiles, and answers: "Vixen will win1' : .. All in a line, the horses stand, champing their bits' impatiently. Vixen hias the iii?ide running, Eaglehawk is further a-field, and Jim is scanning Alice's face nervously.; he is think min more of her danger now than of the race. SAll ready ?" . "'Go !" '" They are off !. they are off ! !" With a brave sweep the horses fly past, be tween two lines of eager faces.' The: first, second, and third jumps are cleared;. an out sider falls at the fourth. 'Once round. Alice rides magnificenitly, holding 'her mare with wrists of steel, and sitting as If she were merely taking a canter across the paddock. Jim rides beside her, watching her every motion. Eaglehawk and Vixen keep neck and neck. Twice round, and only five horses are left on the course. Three times. Eaglehawk is pulling all :he' can, and looks fresh as a rose. Vixen keeps by his 'side, not a bit' troubled, but her rider is deathly pale, and,'with lips apart andfixid eyes, she sits staring before her; her wrists have weakened, and a strange dread is.in her heart. Vixen takes the bit in her mouth, and is un manageable. The people see this as the pair rush past, and are as quiet as mice; they have ceased scream ing: "Vixen wins !" See ! Alice is rolling in her saddle, the mare has broken from the course, and is thundering across' country- through "the sparse timber, heading direct for No.;'5 citting,:the deepest on the line. Jim caught a look of agonized appeal in the girl's eyes as Vixen swerved, and in a second Eaglehawk is at Vixen's heels.' Now starts the' ce; the stakes are a life. There is nothing that can prevent the frightened mare from dashing with her rider over the cutting if Eaglehawk is not the better horse. On, on the two gallop, beating the hollow earth with their fierce hoofs, and throwing up the soft,.green turf at every stride. Now who will win, Vixen or Eaglehawk ?" The people stream after the flying horses, but not a cry is heard, till at length one shout comes from every throat: " Eaglehawk willdo it !" Slowly but surely Eaglehawk works up be-. side'the mare. Jim has reached Vixeti's rein. Dragged from his own horse he clings manfully to the mare, and, though .bruised. and beaten by her iron hoofs, he s?pcceeds in stopping her sufficiently to 'alllow of Al'ide slippimg to the ground. Then Jim is beaten down; and' five seconds later Vixen rushes headlong into the cutting. ' Alice ran to' the young man's;side, and lifted his bleeding 'head. He openied his :eyes, laughed and said :' "Thanik God! Eaglehawk won I" Jim was taken to Mr. Stanford's homeon a stretcher, and nobody cared a hang about.any, more racing that day. The doctor reported a broken arim, and several scalp wounds,' 1i.t nothinig serious enough to militate against the pleasure of being nursed by Alice. Vixen broke her neck in the fall. It will not'surprise the gentle reader to know that, before Jim was strong enough, to resume: his duties at the store, he and Alice had agreed that they had loved each other' from the very first moment they mnet--which is a most peculiar thing. Eaglehawk was Mrs. Ware's favorite horse as long ashe lived, and wheni he' died'his griave was not unhonored. Bobby came into the houie sobbing and told ,his mother that Tohnmy Waite had kicked him. "Well, Tommy White is a very bad boy," said Bobby's mothe'r, giving him a large piece of cake. "You didn't kick him back, did.you 1" "No," replied Bobby, between bites, "I kicked him first." "Habit" is hard to overcome. If you take off the firsed leoer it dosen't change " a bit." If you takeoff another. you have a "bit" left. If ydn taike offd nother the the whole of "it"'.remains..1 If you re move another it is now "t " totally used up. All of which goes to show that if you wish to be rid of a bad habit jou must throw it'off altogether.' The members of a brass band at Concord, United States, were-practicing in the rooms in the fourth story of a warehouse, when fire broke out in the building and'they had to jump from the windows. Those who 'have lived near a place where a bind, or a single member of a band,, habitually practices on brass horns, will always believe that the burning of that war house 'was the work of an incendiary. There:1'is thiing much more' mournful, or which causes greater despera. tion on the part of the listener, than the tooting of an amateur band, practicing on a new tune, each member trying to play it alone, in his own way. One can symyathize with the poor players, as they fill their cheeks, and blow until' their skulls crack,' and their ears ring, and they .blow a front tooth out, bht why do they do it, if it is esch I work? Most people would rather never hear a brass band play thanw listen to the prae tice. However, that fire at Concord might have been an accident, .but a sharp detective could find clues that might work up into arson, and attempted murder, but thi~judge would acquit the incendiary, if convicted, on the ground of self defence, or insanity, 