DISCOVERY OF COLD AT LAKg DEBORAH; THE COUNTRY AS DESCRIBED BY OLD EXPLORERS. THE. DiiSTANCE OF THE SUPPOSED dOLBFlELDS FROM PEKTH. PROMISE OF ALLUVIAL DIGGINGS. From the description of the locality to the eastward of Newcastle where gold hae been recently discovered— that is, in the neighbourhood of Lake Deborah— it ap pears that the Messrs. Gregory, who were exploring that part of the country in September, 1846, were struck with the remarkable appearance of the geological formation. They described the hills as rising ' abruptly from the plains, with 'deeply serrated sides and a peculiar tint, 'and it was evident that they belonged to a ' different geological formation to any they 'had yet seen.' The soil is described as dark brown loam — probably decomposed trap-rock ; the beds of the lakes were near ly dry and supported, a thick crust of salt, and in many places the steep banks were nearly thirty feet in height, being formed almost entirely of gypsum; some of the higher peaks of the Ranges to the East ward of Lake Deborah being of variegated trap-rock, singularly stratified in their layers of red and black. Although this country maybe considered as settled and the Messrs. Gregorys' observations as forty years old, yet it would be interesting, now public attention is drawn in that direction, to verify reports furnished so many years ago, and which led to no other results than pastoral occupation. Lake Deborah itself is about 100 miles north-east of Newcastle, and consequently about 160 miles from Perth — approximately in Ion. 118 deg. 40 mins. and hit. 30 deg. 50 mins. We under stand that the Rev. C. G. Nicolay has reported very highly upon the character of the specimens of gold-bearing quarts recently brought in from the Lake Deborah country, and the rev. gentleman predicts the early discovery of deposits of the precious metal in alluvium in the «''» neighbourhood. We have, consequently, a fair prospect of early realising what we have so long looked forward to — namely, an alluvial goldfield in the near neigh bourhood of Perth. There are several sheep and cattle stations between Newcastle and Lake Deborah, but water is reported to be scarce after leaving Slater's. CoomaUing, about 35 miles from Toodyay. With plenty of camels at command, however, as it happens just now to be the case, absence of water should not present any serious obstacle to a party with money and enterprise suffi cient to undertake a journey which presents far less dangers and difficulties than a trip from Perth to York did, only a few years ago, when camels were not thought of and a good nag was not to be had, for either love or money. We ace indebted to the Acting Surveyor General (Mr. J. 8. Brooking) for a sketch map showing the formation of the country and the hind at present taken up in tie vicinity or uaxe veborah. The map shows an area of 6000 acres, held on lease by Mr. G. Lukin, which the Government have tem porarily reserved for prospecting purposes in the interests of Messrs. Anstey and Leake. It is on a portion of this area where the Yalgin Hills and Enyoing Spring are situated. It may here be stated that for a distance of upwards of 15 miles ihe Messrs. Gregory traversed over country actually inrf^dert within this area on their trip of exploration in 1846, and to woich allusion was made in our report of yesterday. The Messrs. Gregory were observant men, but the Fates were against them. Had they made the discovery which Mr. Anstey has just had the good fortune to make who shall speculate what the condition of Western Australia would be to-day? The precious metal was not found in New South Wales in payable quan tities till years after that period— in 185L Several parties have started, or about to start, on prospecting tours to the Lake Deborah country. Under the nomede plume of 'An old dog for a hard road' a contributor wrote to us on Friday : ? -'I think it would be of some interest to the individuals who are on for gold fever if Clause 24 of the Goldfields Act was pub lished, with a warning-nete to prospectors not to waste their time and money in a rush, but to proceed systematically and cautiously till the proclamation is made ? and then be in ranrtinpsfi to proceed at once to take up and work ground, if they are able, but to stick to the letter of the Act in every particular. If a country is worth anything and the reefs are not broken up there is no occasion for prospectors to con fine themselves to a limited area, but to keep en the general ran of the country and within the metamorphic boundaries.' I Clause 24 (Provisional Proclamation of Goldfields) states : — ' Whensoever the dis covery of payable gold on Crown land shall have been reported in writing under the hand of and signed (or, if such person shall be unable to write, by a writing attested by some Justice of the Peace or warden) by the person oiaimtupr to have made mnh discovery, to the warden of the goldfield nearest the situation of such discovery, or to tlie Commissioner of Crown Lands, the notification of such discovery by such war den posted outside his office, or by such Commissioner in the Government Gazette, s.iall operate to proclaim the portion or portions of Crown hinds to be a goldfield within the meaning and for the purposes of tl lis Act, which shall be contained in asqoare tlie boundary lines of which shall be direc ted to tbe cardinal points and the central point in each boundary line whereof shall oe distant half a mile from such place of discovery. And such notification as afore said shall have the effect of a provisional proclamation «f the said area as a goldfield, to be in force until the same or any en larged or diminished area shell be pro claimed under the provisions of this Act. Provided that no such notification shall be posted until the warden or Commissioner shall have satisfied himself that payable gold has been actually discovered on such land ; and provided further, that such noti fication shall be taken to refer back to and to operate from the day upon which the said discovery shall have been so reported as aforesaid. And provided also, that if the warden of the goldfield nearest the situation of such discovery, or if any officer authorised in that behalf by such Com missioner, shall, at any time during the continuance of such provisional proclama- 1 tion, report to Buch Commission that the I alleged discovery of payable gold does not in his opinion warrant the proclamation as a goldfield of the said area, then it shall be la.wful for such Commissioner, by notice in I the Government Gazette, to revoke and can cel the provisional proclamation of euch area, and the hinds comprised therein shall thereupon resume the same character and I incidents as were attached to them before the notification of such discovery as afore said.' fenyoing Spring,' which has been pro minently referred to in connection with the discovery made by Mr. Anstey, and situated in a range of hills of that name, is a chart- j ed water-hole on the western edge of a] pastoral lease belonging to Mr. Geo. Lukin, and is in about lat. 30 deg. 8 min. and Ion. 118 deg. 35 min. We understand that Mr. C. J. Hughes, I the enterprising proprietor of the ' Emerald I Isle ' hotel, is fitting out a party to proceed J to the reported diggings, via Newcastle. I I We leain from York that a party will leave that town this week for the locality where Mr. Anstey recently discovered gold bearing quartz. The following have arranged to be members of the little band .- — Messrs. Marwick, F. Craig, W. Craig, Seabrook, Cbas. Edwards and R. Burges. The party will be well equipped, special provision having been made for the carriage I of water, all canvas bags on sale at York I having been bought by them. I Although there may be, as Mr. Nicnlay says, a probability of finding gold in the alluvium of the country where gold has been recently discovered, yet it would be unwise, particularly at this time of year, for parties to proceed with the intention of working the ground either by dry-blowing or washing. As far as the country is known the surface-water in the lakes — which are numerous and of considerable extent ? is salt, and the springs few and far between. : However, if the dry country has a favorable I show, we would advise as a precautionary measure sinking for water, for in some instances that element is as precious as J gold. .We have been informed that it is not at all unusual to find fresh water not I very far from the edge of salt-pans and at j no great depth, and even in the bottom of j i dry salt- pan. In the equipment of a party I i few feet of light iron-piping, with light I cods and tools, might be of the greatest! service, and fully repay their cost and car- j riage. Men who have been ac«3jsfa?ffled to tii7^1 from gold field to gold field kriow: what it is to get on to the ground and find no water. We need hardly point out to them the proper course to follow, because such men are usually pretty smiirt with their calculations and in their arrange ments' for a regular crfmpaagn r but there ore many deluded individuals who baVeif £ the ghost of an idea where they tete to go and what they have to do — and suffer. They follow the ruck and expect just to meander about, pick op nuggets and have a fine time. Such men we would warn to stand by till practical men ard workers have proved the ground, then to get some one to help tneil to follow the lead, select a pitch, make all surronnJings comfortable, and then go in for blistered imnds and broken hearts— the end of at least bo per cent, of those who.Btart gold-digging as a novel industry with' which they have had no previous acquaintance. 