BETWEEN DRINKS. Another a^ny of a ' disli'nor-'slied colonist.' He was attenc,ing his first reception, and enter ing' the hnll-way the ossiduou9 !i pendant made a dive for his hut and iitnbrcMa. The D.C. bounced for the man, and sna^ ihinjj his luggage promptly bp ;k, observing severely, ' Don't you be so foi ward, young feUer,' strode into the reception room with his hat clutched fondly in his hand. Ho was not going to i ju any risk of losing his head gear. Under tho Employers Liabil'ty Act three, years wages caa be claimed by a maa injured through tho negligence of the master. How much c .n the wives of the Bulll miners claim for the lo-n of their husbands ? This is only a news paragraph, but I write it because I want to lay a I ttle wager. I want to lay it several times that the whole blame of tho blotv up at JBulli wi'1 be fastened on to a dead man. Another Ly-ee-Moon business, and fi -o to two is the pi-ice. * # * The rival editors are at again. The editor of the USastcrton (N.55.) Star says : — uur ounueinporary is squirming like a scorpion with a pin through its back be cause lie finds himself gibbeted on his own gallows. If he had the temerity to say one word against Mr. Buchanan or Mr Beetham he knows they would put some salt on his tail that would make him curl up like a garden slug.' His subser viency is positively as sickening as his likes and aislikes are scandalous.' How these Christians love one another. ♦ * # Amongst the buried dead at Bulli on Saturday and Sunday nine were interred with the word ' unknown ' on each coffin. Al! hail to tho silent dead who rost whovo tfae green jji-ass covors tho browii pravo o /or, And t'lo dun loaves, st'rrcd by tno evon'n-'' breeze, fallVghtly dow ion tho snow- wjito clovor ; W .iat matter to him who the trrf beneath sloops lone 'unknown' till tho final waking? Will lio be missed when tl) l trumpet sonuds, and tho an-;el dread is t'le last l'st taking- f \Vhat matter though to the world ? 1 vi kno« a ' on tho pathway of liio a friend less rawer, \v iion tho dull dead starts from tho Quivering1 ground t'io poo- ' unknown ' will bo then no 'strancor.' * * # A London correspondent of the Argus writes: — 'Mrs. John Sherwood,' a lady well- known to the theatrical profession in New York, has been lifting up her voice in warning to stage-struck girls both at home and abroad, and reminds them of tho aversion which so many distinguished actors and actresses have exhibited to allowing their own children to go upon the stage. A few weeks ago, she says, she wus complimenting Miss Ellen Terry on her Marguerite. 'Rather too old,' was her frank reply, ' Remember,' I have a grown-up daughter.' ' And will she be an actress as great as her mother?' Asked Mrs. Sherwood. ' Oh ! I hope not,' was the immediate response. ' I trust she will never be an n :tress. I am going to send hoi* to flirlnn ('VilWn ' I 'ho.-Wt-A man, in alluding to the perils of her pro fession, did not lies'.tate to declare that 'she owed her ugly face a great deal of gratitude.'' « # # I have a friend who is very particular whore he lodged. Lately the proprietor of the hash foundry whore he lived sold the good will 'and plan to whom it might con cern, and my friend decided to seek pas tures new. , He advertised. A host of re plies came to liond. .Now his chum was not so particular ; he was a newspaper man, consequently be could live anywhere. But he agreed to liis friend's suggestion that they should not part, and together they examined the various candidates for their patronage. At length they found a house whero references were demanded, and the particular party was delighted. He forth with produced e character and was duly installed. The newspaper man foresaw all sorts of discomfort in a house of this kind, so contented himself with humbler and less a pirate lodgings, but he wrote a couple of days later explaining why he had not shared his friend's room ; and his letter to the I landlady was .to /the effect that he', 'could not obtaiU;i''refc'rence' owing .'to the. fact that.he had !'?' done ' a short sentence' ?in Darlinghurst 'for a crime, of which, he hastened to assure her, he was ' entirely innocent.' Owing to the refusal of. the few people of respectability, whom ho knew to believe this, he could not offer any refer ences. That night when the particular party went home lie found his boxes in the street'and the chain on the door. Some cheerful, lunatic troubled with the muses has indited a poem to G-.O.M. ?Gladstone, entitled ' The Woodman's Axe.' It tells how tho old man was employed 'falling' a gum to split some posts and rails for a pigsty, when his little grand child, *' gaily gamb'ling on the green in sportive mo.od,' playing marbles for keeps, probably, cami'OTithin the swing of his Collins axe, and got a chunk of his auburn tresses severed from his -jod-like scalp. The boy escaped, but the old man, over come by remorse, and fearing lest he might not be trusted with an edge-tool in the future, turned it up and became a ghost that evening. Iu the words of the poem, ' Thero came to him a lasting peace, earth breathed her last good-night.' Ou receipt of the poem the patriarch states man after reading it was visibly overcome, and telegraphed to Lord Churchill to attend liim. But Enndy took the first train for Algiers. He could not . trust the G.O.M. in a moment such as that. If his feelings should prompt him to insist on the little peer accompanying him ou his next wood- chopping expedition tho thing might have been reduced to reality. This, in spite of what the papers say, is the real reason of Eandy's trip to Egypt. Trust us, we ' know politics though we do not say muck about them in this paper. # '# # Men associated with the Press are not, as a rule, actuated by the feelings which prompted tho late G. Washington to own up to cutting down that cherry tree. The Psalmist is credited with saying, in his haste, all men are liars, and, with General Gordon, I acknowledge ho might have said ? so at his leisure. And right here a logical sequonco suggests itself. The sweet singer of Israel in stating that all men aro liars, ndmitted that he himself was one, therefore his assertion could not be believed, therefore David wns a liar, therefore you are a liar, ergo, all men aro not liars. However, a pressman told me the story as within his own experience, so I give it as a fact. He is very fond of ice. Summer or winter it is all the same to him. When other men are drinking steaming toddy, and huddling round the parlour fire, Tom asks for iced drinks and swears the blood must be kept down to a proper temperature by the internal appli cation of something cool. And he always manages to get it. On one occasion, when travelling in the country, tho supply at the hotel ran out. Tom called the waiter and inquired the reason. 'Very sorry, sir; the boss has just died. Everything is upset; they've not ordered any.' ' But I must liavo it,' and a coin crossed the palm of tho man, who, having learned to labour, had also learned to wait. ' Right you are ; you shall have your ice reg'lar.' And for two days it was right. Then the waiter announced his absolute inability to supply any more. 'But surely you can get it where you've been getting it all along?' queried the pressman. ' No, sir ; can't take any more from there ; if 1 do, the old man'll spoil.' Tom says he doesn't take ice now. 