LADY EVELYN. CHAPTER LXXII. How cleverly Lisburn managed could hardly be described. / Her one object was to give the unhappy lady ample time for escape; when that was dotie the discovery might be made as soon as they pleased; it would not matter. She was not an exact theologian, but is due to her to say that she foresaw herself compelled, as it were, to tell a lie. It was for her lady's sake, and though Lisburn could not express herself so elegantly as Lawrence Sterne, she had a great idea that the recording angel might 'blot out the sin with a tear.' The first thing after the doors were opened, and Lady Evelyn's breakfast had been taken up, was to go to the dowager, and tell her that the young countess was not well, and did not care to get up. 'You seem better yourself, Lisburn,' said my lady. ' How awkward and clumsy you were last evening.' 'I am better, my lady,' replied the maid meekly, wondering to what the dowager alluded. 'And what is the matter with your mistress? An attack, of bad temper, I suppose.' ' It may he that, my lady-I cannot say. She does not wish to get up or to see anyone. ' I think we will all return the compli ment,' said the dowager, with a grim smile. 'I am not aware that anyone wishes to see her. If there is anything she wants let her have it. It will be awkward if she wants a doctor, though. Perhaps I had better come myself, and see how she is going on.' ' The very thing,' thought Lisbue n, ' that you must not do.' Still she was too wise and wiry to. contradict the dowager. ' Perhap~s," she said' diplomatically, ' my lady wants to' see you, and feels sure you will come if think she is ill.' ' Ah ! yes; I je. You think it is a sham, then, so doI,' said the dowager, with more forcf.than eloquence. ' Then, my good Lisbuin, I will disappoint her; I will not go to see her. You are a very sensible girl for giving me the hint.' AnI so simply did Lisburn manage matters that the whole household were soon understood the young countess was not well, and was unable to get up. For two days it passed off very well, and by that time Lisburn began to hope that her mistress was safe. On the third day Lord Chesterleigh sent for her. From the red, swollen face she felt sure that he had been drinking heavily. 'What is the matter with'Lady Chester leigh ?' he asked, in. a thick voice. ' I do not know,' my lord, except that she seems ill and unhappy.' ' Ill I then why does she not try to get away from this place. Unhappy I then why does she not do what I want her?' Lisburn knew better than to reply. With the earl she never assumed anypart, and he knew her to be devoted to his wife. ' Look here, Lisburn,' he said, in a half reckless, half-tyrannical marner, 'go and argue with my lady. I.want something some writing from her, and she will not give it to me. Argue'with her. If I can get it Iwill:-give you-let me see-I will give you fifty potfnds the very moment you bring it to inme. `Fifty pounds 1 now is not that worth some trouble ?' 'It is indeed, my lord,', said Lisburn, humbly. ' I will not go near her; the very sight of her pale face and worn eyes madden me, but you tell her from me, Lisburn, that I will have it ; she shall live and die in the old stone walls if she does not send it to me.' ' Perhaps that message will frighten her to death,' said Lisburn. 'So much the better; then I can rharry-;' but a sudden sense of what was becoming came to him and stopped him. 'You tell her that, and see what impression it makes upon your lady,' he added. 'Suppose it drives her to desperation,' said Lisburn seeing a way out of her difficulties. ' Let it drive her,' he replied brutally 'you go now, Lisburn, and tell her what I say; then I shall see you to night and know what she has to say.' ' I will go at once,' she replied, ' and I will tell her every word.' She heard him muttering to himself as she went along, . but Lisburn was in different, she saw her way out of her difficulties now, and a way to frighten him. She kept up her assumed part until evening; she never forgot that evening, for she had been down in the kitchen with old Elspie who had made her heart beat with the terrible tales of ghosts, weird voices, and strange warnings. ' You mind my words, Lisburn,' said the old woman, 'something is going to happen to the Chesterleighs.' These words were still ringing in her ears when she went to the dining-room. Mother and son were there together;. she hesitated at first whether to enter or not, but' Lord Chesterleigh caught sight of her and called her. She saw that 'he' had been drinking heavily, his face was red, his voice was hoarse. 'Now, Lisburn,' he said, 'what news for me?' The dowager looked up with unutter able scorn that her son should address a servant so familiarly. The earl smiled, at his mother's tragic face. 'Come and tell me if you have succeeded,' he said; and then he took up a decanter of brandy. His mother laid her hand upon it. ' You have had quite enough, my son,' she said in her stately manner. He flung her hand violently away. ' Do you think,' he cried, ' I refuse to be ruled by my wife and shall submit to my mother? Nothing of the kind; leave that bottle free I' 'You forget there are servants present.' saidmy lady haughtily, 'No, I do not. Why should you keep me from drinking ? How should 1 spend my time if I did not drink? Between one woman and another I am driven mad I What is there for it except drink? You should have thought of that before you brought me here.' ' Reproach me with what I did for your benefit,' she said; ' that is like a man.' ' So is drinking brandy like a man,' he retorted. And in spite of his mother's remon strances, he halffilled a tumbler with brandy and emptied it. Then he turned to Lisburn with a leerihg smile. 'Now,' he said, 'we have settled that little matter, let me ask her what she says.' 'Lady Evelyn says, my lord, that she will kill herself,' replied Lisburn gravely. The dowager looked up quickly; the earl muttered an oath between his teeth. ' She would do it, too, if she thought it would annoy us,' said the dowager. But her son moved uneasily on his seat. 'Oh no, mother, it must not come to that,' he said; ' I should not like that.' ' It would not be my fault,' she replied angrily. ' I am not going to kill her; if she chooses to kill herself, how can I help it? Perhaps you wish to give in to her; if so, go and tell her so-it is no pleasure to me to remain here, I am sure.' 'I wish there were no women in the world,' groaned the earl. ' It would be a better place if there were no men,' rejoined his mother. 'Talbot, you need not keep Lisburn here.' ' Is that all she said ?' he asked. ' Yes, my lord. She cried out that she would never give in-she would rather kill herself.' Then, thinking she had said enough, Lisburn turned away. 