SOEATCHING-S IN THE CITT. FBx A Pencil."] That every line which written here may be Go to its mark straight'and unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought; That, cnt or thrnst .or lend approving cheer, Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Almost ever Bince the beginning of the Exhibition building there have been rumors, revived again and again, that it is not eo substantial as it-ought to be. The matter-was mentioned in Parliament months ago, and then the assurance was given that there need be no (ear that the place would come down about the ears of the exhibitors. Nevertheless the carpers still' sarped. To satisfy myself so far as I could that the building is all that it should be, so far, at any rate, as safety is concerned, I took the opinion of an architect, who said— " Well, the place is notabittoosubstantial, but it is so braced together, and the weight of the superstructure is so thoroughly distributed by partition, that it will bear all the at rain which is ever likely, to be thrown-upon it. But if an earthquake were to come—" ■ The doubt relative, to the maiA building having, been settled in the -minds of most people, the firmness of the galleries was "ques tioned. These places do look a little spidery, and I am told that some of the folks who have undertaken to sing the opening ode dreaded the collapse ^ of the -main galleries.7 The authorities. were spoken' to upon the matter by Sir Herbert Sandford, the British Commia. sioner, and they somehow or another managed to induce fifty policemen under Inspector Doyle to imperil their necks by marching and counter-marching on .the flo.or of the gallery to see whether it wonldgive way. Itcid-not> and Sir Herbert satdhe was satisfied. And most of us know that the measured tramp of drilled men makes the severest strain that any structure could have. Bridges which have stood the test of heavily-weighted railway trains, and doubly-loaded bullock drays, have gone down immediately beneath a company of infantry. That suggests a question. Sup posing the Exhibition gallery had fallenwith our fifty policemen-last week, supposing those fifty policemen^ had been killeid-—and- that probably would have been the result—*w.ho would havepaid the doctor and the undertaker* and the widows1 and orphans' compensation, claims ? It would hardly havebeen the plucky, well : deserving Exhibition promoters, of whom, by the by, Lord Brassey flg 'now one. These enterprising gentlemen will have enough to do. without further . charges. One. of the street rumours is the Finance Committer see before them the certainty of money going out of. the pocket of every. promoter unless the Government can be led to take over and pay for all the permanent buildings at some time next year. - If such a thing should be pro posed—reasonable as it is—iu the present Par liament it will raise a rare outcry, because when the £32,000 which has already been ob tained from the funds of the country was voted it. was stated by the proposer of the vote that not a single penny more would be demanded from the Government. Many worse objects "have been thus served, but the promoters may expect rocks ahead. The Downer-Bray Ministry, most, of-wh^di are promoters of the Exhibition, will probably soon be removed from office, and - replacing them will be men not nearly so enthu siastic. - ■ The lot of our Mayor is not a very easy one. Mr. Smith is the hardest working -man in South Australia, except newspaper writers. One day last week, for instance, he began the morning by a little office and business work ; at 10 o'clock he was at the wedding of his son, young Talbot Smith ; at noon he attended with other members at the opening of Parliament; in the afternoon at 2 o'clock he was in Parliament Souse- again ; at 3 he offiipally represented the Corporation at the 'opening of a carriage drive, and in the evening he was found at the post of doty in another direction. Sfr. Smith pays dearly for his undoubtedly high place in society. Young Talbot Smith's marriage was a model of simplicity, which should be studied by other youths of even lower social Btatus than his. His bride came out from England the other day j and with her. he went on Thursday i to the little rural church of St. Matthew's, Kensington-road, nestling in the centre of an English-like churchyard, with queer old rail ings and queer old tombstones, and a chilling dampness.that sends the beautiful moss out of the ground to seek the cheering warmth of the sun. -There in the presence of a mere dozen personal friends, the solemn marriage vows were uttered, and the infrangible life covenant was made. Afterwards the pledged couple went off to Port Victor, happier than they would have been after aa endurance of nerve-distracting and foolish ceremony. Now that the Cradock " ghost" is attracting - towards the sleepy northern settlement a good deal of attention, a great many even sober-headed folks are beginning to conjure up ghostly shapes before their eyes, and a sound which would be quite naturally-explained in online ry t j'mes, is turned by. excited ^imagina tions intd'a mysterious noise of dreadfully sad omen. Quite lately was enacted in our southern Park Lajids a scene which, had any one but a philosopher been the secondary actor in it, woiild have given the newspapers columns upon columns of sensational correspondence. An estimable citizen was walking from Parkaide towards the city at 3 o'clock of a dull, grey morning, when*he was startled by an extraordinary apparition taking the shape of the most remarkable and erratical'.v-moving animal tliat he had ever seen. There was not enough light to allow him to distinguish anything clearly, but one thing he cocdd see was that the peculiar animal or thing was hopping round and round in the.most puzzling fashion. The average spiritualist would have run off to the nearest newspaper office and dictated a hair-stirring article. This man, however, started to reach the moving object, which thereupon rushed away in an opposite direction. After a stern chaise he caught hold of the thing, and it was nothing in this world or in the world of spirits, but a cat with its head in a milk jug ! The unfortunate cat had apparently been drinking someone's milk out of somone's jug, and bad got its head so firmly stuck in the neck of the vesBel as not to be able to move it in one way or another 1 The philosophical party in the Park lands released the cat and took'the jug : a valuable one—home. It stands now upon his sideboard in a place of special honor. The agents of Patrick Bojce Coglia are sparing neither time, nor trouble, nor expense to make sure his election foe the Legislative Council. Every accessible elector in his dis trict has been addressed by circular and with nomination papers by the ever-energetic Longson, erst Prince of Brokers, and in a prominent place in the city a great sign board called^ upon all and sundry to vote for ana lor protection. 