What People are Saying* TBT " ALP. THE ADRIAN."!' THAT the political drama now being enacted in Warwick baa already produced some ex ceedingly funny situations. rbat nothing bo amusing as the Ezaminer'i apoatacy has been witnessed since the E. and T. " turned dog" on the squatters a few years ago. That the editor of that widely-circulated journal, who for a fortnight past has bad the fute of Warwick in bis double-breasted burglar-proof safe, teems likely to gee into a blue funk about the presumption of " (ho enemy" up the street. That if "the boy" should succeed in the coming contest, the Etaminer may be expected to go into mourning for a season. That the trouble seemB to be, not to get a good Liberal or a doubtful Conservative in, but to keep that awful youth out. That a good man of Liberal principles was first tried, and upon bia declining, tbe Mount Morgan in all its glory, robed in Libeiat raiment, wac trotted out as a scarecrow. That glittering gold ind shoddy Liberal ism notwithstanding, tbe boy positively re fused to be scared. Just like bis iuiperence 1 Tbat once more tbe wheel is sent round, Mount Morgan disappears, and a genuine true-blue Conservative bobs up in his plow, labelled with tbe " Liberal" endorsement (of Mr. E. F. M., countersigned by tbe editor'of tbe E. and T. That there ii ? Joy in the camp of coalition, for now at last I be; have found a man who is going to beat the bo; hands down. Eureka I That, win or lose, the boy i« going to nee the business through ;and, what ia more, he ia going to keep the tame aide Qf hie coat oat right through lbs piece. That hie candidature ia to objectionable to the political wire-pullera of Toowooinba aa it is t} the coalition j upon wbioh fact Watkick electors should ponder carefully? That it Toowooinba does not approre of him, be clearly isn't the boy for .Warwick at any pi ice. That it would never do to ignore oar neigh bours' request to " put Allan in at the, head of the poll." Vousee, Toowoomba knows so much better than we do ourselves what is good for us. That too much milwsy will do us barm-«l least so they say. That if we take their advice then isjnot rauob chance of Warwisk being attacked with illness arising from over-indulgence in iron horse. That Gregory's powder* and Allan's enli Ministerial mixture is the treatment the Toowoomba pbysioians prescribe for us. That there is pfobablyno truth whatever in the assertion that the editor of the i'wamintr ii 'haunted nightly by tbe ghost of Ihe late member for Warwick. That Horwiic is 16,000 miles amy, and little drfeams of the extraordinary mess those entrusted with his resignation have made of. the business. That he at any rate always stood trite' to his colors, and na»« sacriiioed principle in order to gratify personal spite. That what if> after tbe principle has been gaoifleed, tbe spite should not be gratified? Ah, then there will be peeping apd wailing and gnaibing of teeth} ... . That a cablegram is to be sentto Horwiti to-day apprising him of tbe .Examiner's re-! converiion lo the faith which it professed when the Darling Downs lands were bpiog dummied by wholesale twenty yea^s ago.' That there is wore joy in tbe Ouh|> of the Conservatives over oue backslider that ,re penteth than over ninety and nine stiff necked Liberals who would see tbe enemy darned before they'd do anything of the kind. That (be editor of the JS. and T. is, «r used to be, a vice-president of tbe Wurwiuk-Liberal Association: and may be still, for ought "Alp*' knows, to tbe contiary. That, in the latter case, it is to be presumed he will pass in bis checks to save tbe mem bers the trouble of inveating Uiui with the Ancient Order of t he Sack in recognition of die tinguished services. That the leading article in tbe last issue of the local Conservative borgan was jrtie Jwat thing of its kind Warwickites bins' been treated to since the dummy days; and * That the challenge to tbe enemy, contained in the last sentence, though savoring some wbat of the late Mr. Hubert Acre*, was worthy of the occasion. That plenty of papers have changed their politics before to-day, and besides political apostacy is uot a criminal offence, and well, who ? afraid, anyhow f That the answer of course is, nobody; except perhaps Morgan-but who van tell that he uiay not follow tbe example of tbe others and retire in Allan's tavor f That this would spoil the sport entirely, and must be guarded against at all hasards. That it would be a dear loss of a tenner to tbe Extunintr man personally; und besides, some ot his friends ? Wouldn't thank him for frightening tbe last nt of tbe enemy into submission. \, , X \ That thV Oobadiwlaji JitraUi man dis conraijth as tbuslyuu ih'a-oouHog.struggle for Warwjltk.:- - \ \ \ . \ . "Ths^lhe ; Warwiik^paiteVs 'hare quar relled ajjain, and ' "Th»t the trouble is tecatise Ifi'e Aryui man is seeking Parliamentary honor*. " That the Examiner man doesn't like this arrangement as be had a candidate picked out, and his ohanoes look pietty ghastly now. " That the Argut man is enjoying the disoomfiture of tue enemy, and regards the whole performance He capital fuu. " That it's all very nioe for him, bnt the enemy doesn't see exaotly where the jok« oomeain. "That ' Alp' of the Warwick Argut is na vel tising for a pair of whiskers whrrewith to conteat the election. "That if whiskers are indispeosible to the politican ' Alp' won't etand the ghost of a show. That I hose who iendor for supplying hitp with the neaesstry hirsute adornment should take a square look ut his ' phiz' before making up their estimates. "Thut if they only knew the immensity of his chock, they woold Had some leas speedy road to the Insolvency Court than contmctiog to supply him with whiskers." That this last par. is juBt what the chap down the street ought to have said, but didn't. That tho area of " Alps" cheek has sadly < diminished since the struggle began, and will soon be HB small as his chances of ealvaliou ' would be if some folks prayers were answered, i TUB MINIBTIU KOR Wonis.-We arc glad ? lo note from our Brisbane contemporaries that the Hon. \\\\\ Miles has so fur recovered from his recent illness as to be able to resume his official duties. 