THE''rbtJNO'FOLKS.' I ONE BAY OP MY LIFE. To-d»y is lay birthday, *nd kind friend* ■bower BJi .t* and congratulations on me. I ■mde *nd . hjgh with the gayest; yet tny heart is it ill of hitter sorrow cud remone and woavailit Althoi Kh to • superficial observer -nay lot haatetJ sed* bright tndformnai* ena, there ia ODe i fay of sny life, of which tbi* veiy day u tbe arrnrvertary, which haa caat e dark ebado r over all my future, ' and my *oul lrom cot that shadow eball be lifted, ever It aea taj fonrtrenth birthday, a bright and love ly -day in early autumn, and in 'honour of the creation my two favourite friend*, 'Jniian an' JKmily,■were invited to spend the whole da t with me. Ob, how t«ppy we were 1 We had tea in tl te garden—a sumptuous tepaat, to which we a id ample justice. Then we rambled about i he spacious enclosure, pickttm fruit and J lowers to-our hearts' content. T remember folia and 'Emily -made a lovely wreath and crowned <me with it, declaring'I waa to be •heir queen. H Don't be picking all my fnrit and flowers, i vyoong iadiee.' eaid old John tbe gardener; but we only laughed at him. Aiteiwaide, as the evening grew chilly, we entered the house,. •ndeitting round the tire, amused ourtelvee £ret by talking about frieuda.-and then telling wtoriee. One led on to another, and at last we -waeayed to frighten each other by relatiog She anost stuteoma ghost stories we could tkiak of. After a time Julia said suddenly, ‘Gow ■thoughtfully ]«a look, Katie; I think. I frightened yon with that last story of mine.' ' 'Ncnseuee.'-euiu I; ' bul l have thought of aomethiug amcsing. Will you and ■ Emily leave_the room for five minutes while 1 hide An rlfluh—cr rather, '1 should aay, a diabolical—idea had entered my head, fori nowfirtnly believe it was an inspiration ol the evil one. 'When the two gitle had left me, I ex tinguished all the light*, end, drawing np the blinds, let a flood of moonlight into tbe room. It was a spacious apartment, fall of nooks and comer*, which threw datk shadows over a great portion of it. A door opened on the garden, and a large elm tree glowing near the bouse waved-its weird-iike branches against the window-pane. The room looked uncanny ; tbe ehadowg assumed grotesque shapes, and the moon light which streamed in at the window, com. bitted with the light from the fire, made these seen more grotesque. My heart almost ■failed me, bat 1 waa resolved to carry out my adea—it wonld be each fun, I thought. ■Selecting a dark comer, where only a few <xay* of -Bickering moonlight fell. I laid myself down foil length on tbe'P.oor, and rigidly stretching oat my limbs-aod folding mt^tjhacd*, arenmed the appearance of ■1 remember I caught a glimmering reflec tion of myself in themirror opposite, and was ■half-startled and inclined to relinquish my purpose when I saw it. Ah ! if-I had only listened to tuy good angel; bat ■ tbe hand of fate was on me, and'I Was destined to carry ■out to the-bitter end her fell beheet. To add an additional horror to my appear •ttoe, I took two pennies out of-my pocket And placed one over each eye. Tbe five minntea *oon prated, and then I ktemrd Julia and 'Emily enter the room. "How strange,’ they both exclaimed; 'she ha* put out the lights.'' ‘ I feel rather frightened,' aaid Emily, who was the most timid.; ' the room looks so gloomy.’ ' Ob, nonsense',' replied Julia. ' It was very clever of her to put out the light, it will be more fun to find her. Yos go and look ■under the sofa* and chairs, while l look into «U the corner*.' I heard-them poking about hereaud there, and was afraid they would stumble over my feet in the dark At last Juiia exclaimed, *Oh, look, Emily, there she is; but how strange she looks.' Both girl* now etood over me, and 1 knew somehow they were •taring at me though my eyes were ehut. * Katie:! -Katie !’ they cried, ' get up. We have found you : the game is over ; don’t try to frighten us ’ Julia seised my arm to drag me up. but I (determined to carry out my game to the bitter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. * Ob, Julia,' said poor Emily, in a faint, beart-aick voice, ' 1 am afraid the is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.’ I could keep my countenance nn longer, an Springing uo with a wild burst o' laughter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, and waltred round the room with her. Suddenlr I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which will echo in mv brain to my dying day, tbe unfottnnate gitl slid from my arm And sunk to the floor dead.—E J. T. Koose. 