" A L M A." . - o An Original Australian Story, BT HAROLD STEPHEN Esq., M.P. of NEW SOUTH WALES. (All Riqhts Reserved. » OHAPTEB LV. IN COURT — THE CASE FOB THE PLAINTIFF. There was a good gathering in the court of Common Pleas when the case, Doe on the demise of James Tredegar versus Sir Charles North, was oalled on for trial. The defend- ant was well-known both in fashionable and commercial circles, and not a few members of the Upper Ten Thousand had come to hear the celebrated case, which involved the characters of the rival claimants, as well as the disposal of a large fortune. Bonce Haw thorn was there, in great force, shaking hands with everybody worth Bhaking hands with, and whispering in the ears of great ladies, and men of position, the latest on-dits conoerning the case. Then, too, there was a great mustering of the legal profession, it being understood that counter charges of forgery, and conspiracy to defraud, would be brought against the solioi- tors of the parties to the suit. Of our particular friends, there were pre sent : Sir Charles North, Mr. and Mrs. Dart Tredegar, Monsieur Brantome (who had come over from Paris for the express purpose) and Seth Parkins. Harry Lascelles and his bride were absent, not having yet returned from their wedding- tour ; whilst Bertie Leraoorte had, for some qnexplainable reason, refused to attend the trial, and had gone back to Paris a few days \- previously, after a flying visit to London. By the side of Mr. Thistlethwaite, sat the Professor, looking eareworn and anxious ; but Sumner was not in court, it having been decided that he should not put in an appear ance until the last moment. On the bench, sat the Lord Chief Justice, by whose side seats had been placed for some ladies of rank, who had come there in search of a sensation, much in the same spirit as they would have gone to a theatre or a con cert. The necessary preliminaries having been gone through, Mr. Bumptions Q. C. rose, and, hitohing up his gown, proceeded to atate the case for the plaintiff. He was a huge, nn- v wieldly gentleman, with deep-set eyes over hung by enormous gray eyebrows, a long, pendulous nose, daintily flecked with rosy spots towards the tip, and a large, thick-lipped month, which he occasionally opened, and then shnt with a loud snap, which proved very effective in terrifying a timid witness. « May it please your lordship, gentlemen of the jury," he began, " never in the course of a long career, has it been my fate to champion a cause which is so palpably that of truth and justice as that of my client in thiB instance. It is oar unhappy fate often to be brought face to faoe with crime, and our hearts are supposed to be dead to all the more tender emotions of the human nature. To a certain extent, this is true. We, who have daily to plead the cause of the oppressed and unfortunate, cannot afford to give way to our feelings on every occasion. We are compelled, so to eay, to bottl9 np our sym pathies, in order to avoid the wear and tear whioh would reBult if we gave them free vent. Once in a while, however, it happens that the advooate oannot steel his heart to the woes of his olient, and each is the case with myself In now addressing you." — Here the learned gentleman paused, and, extricating a huge, snuff-stained bandanna handkerohief from hiB Coat-tails, applied it to hiB nose with great dramatic effect. His voice, when he xesumed, was low and broken, but he soon gathered strength, apd thundered as loudly as be was wont. He continued : " My client comes before you this day seeking to rescue the home of his ancestors from the ruthless grasp of the epoilr. He comes bringing 'with him the orphan children of his brother, who have also been made victims of this most treacher ous attempt at fraud. I am here reminded that these' children, who have been to my client aB his own, have been estranged from him through the arts of hiB wily opponents ; but their interests are identical with his, and when we have torn the mask from the face of their deceiver, they will once more learn to recognise the value of the affeotion they have of late been taught to reject and despise. Our case is briefly this : — some time last year Mr. James Tredegar, a gentleman of considerable wealth, died, leaving behind him a will bequeathing the balk of his property to my olient, Mr. Stephen Tredegar, com monly known as Professor Tredegar, and farther devising large sums of money to the orphan children of his deceased son, James, and suitable legacies to his household ser vants, most of whom had served him faith fully for years. We shall prove that this will was executed on the very day of the tes tator's death, but whilst he was in the full possession of his faculties." «« We do not intend to raise that point," Sergeant Jekyll. " Very well," replied Mr. Bumptious. " It is just as well that you do not, for it would have been useless if you had." Mr; Bump tious delivered this remark in his jooular manner, and was rewarded by a laugh, in whioh some of the jurymen joined. ' « Now, gentlemen," he resumed, " nothing being more certain than that this wiU was prt- ! perly executed, yon will wonder why we ! oome into court at all — the explanation lies | in the fact that the defendant claims the whole of the enormous property of the late j James Tredegar— a property which, I am credibly informed, yields, or is capable of i yielding, an annual income of over twelve i thousand pounds, besides a large house in I London, and very valuable personal effects I say, the defendant olaims all this under a deed of transfer, purporting to have been made years previously, for whioh the absurdly inadequate consideration was an annuity of five thousand pounds ! I ask yon now, is it possible to believe that a keen man of busi ness, like the late Mr. Tredegar, who was, in the main, tha founder of his own immense fortune, would have been guilty of suah an aot of folly ? The defendant, B68ing how hopeless it would ba to make any twelve men of ordinary intelligence believe such a story, has sought to bolster up his case by a letter from the late Mr. Tredegar, in whioh he is supposed to give as his reason for such an ex traordinary proceeding, the extreme distrust he had of my olient, his son, Stephen, who, he is made to 3ay, is a vary monster of ini- quity, and capable of any crime ! The ab surdity of suoh an accusation is even more patent than the absurdity of the pretended transfer. Stephen Tredegar is a man of science — a gentleman who has lived for many years in a secluded village In Ger many, where he pursued his vocation as a chemist of the higher order. There he brought np the children of his deoeased brother, leading with them a harmless, blameless life. If he were the astute villain the defence would make out, is it likely that he would have been content with suoh a humble, retired life ? Would he not rather have utilized his talents for intrigue, and es tablished himself in some great city where his talents would have a field for display ? The letter, I referred to— as I am instructed, a -most impudent forgery — alleges that Stephen was in league with his father's soli citor, and that the two would infallibly com. bine to obtain the property somehow — if so, why did not the elder Tredegar dismiss this solicitor, and employ some other in whom he oould confidently rely ? You will see that, in order to sustain this deed of transfer, it was absolutely necessary to blaoken the character of the solicitor, who, under ordi nary circumstances, would have been en trusted with its preparation. The letter contains also a vague threat of some formid able disclosure affecting the moral character of. my olient. I need scarcely say that we have nothing to do with that. If Stephen Tredegar were the greatest villain in Eng. land, it could not affect his right to hiB father's property ; but there is deep malice in this threat. Any accusation will always somewhat taint the character of the purest of men, and most especially when it is vague and undefined. Some motive was neoessary to account for the singular animosity whioh the defendant wishes you to believe that James Tredegar cherished for his son and natural heir, and refuge has been taken in cowardly insinuation. But the real oase for the defence lies in the unimpeachable evi dence afforded by the bank books of James Tredegar and Sir Charles North, which clearly show that large same of money were paid by the former to .the latter, and that annual payments of five thousand pounds were made in return. They oontend that the sums paid by James Tredegar were the rents of the estates, and that the payments of Sir Charles North represented the annuity. But I shall be able to place these transactions be fore yon in a very different light. For many years, the elder Tredegar and the defendant speculated largely together in a species of informal partnership. The same books will show that large sums of money constantly passed between them, and I am advised that the payments, apon which the case for the defence rests, were either made in pursuit of suoh speculation, or, which Beems to me more probable, that a considerable loan has been made to Sir Charles by the deceased apon condition of repayment by annnal in stalments of five thousand pounds. I must direot your attention to the great probability that the idea of this bill of transfer was first suggested by these money transactions, which could ba made so servioable, in sup porting fay apparently unimpeachable evi dence the supposed sale to the defendant. Yon will also be told by the defence, that j James Tredegar was in the habit of making i wills, for the pnrpose of leaving his solicitor in doubt as to his final intentions. Was there ever a more lame attempt at explaining away a difficulty? Like many rich men, the late Mr. Tredegar was muoh exercised in mind with reference to the final disposition of his property, and having no specially loved one amongst his relations and friends, he changed his mind very often, But granting, for the sake of argument, that he was actu ated by the suggested motive in making so many wills, is it not in the last degree im- | probable that he would carry on this decep- j tion whilst he lay in artieulo mortis — in the very jaws of death? At such an awful time j when the portals of the nnseen world were 1 gaping to admit him, would he— could he — busy himself about such a trivial matter as deceiving his solioitor? Suoh an aot would, In itself, be evidence of suoh a morbid con dition of the brain as oould only be regarded | as insanity. Dying men do not ocoupy I themselves in telling lies wfth their last 1 breath — or, if tney do, they oannot be sane ; ' and we shall show most conclusively that ! the testator was in full possession of his ; faculties, although the power of speech had . almost left him. I will not further occnpy i the time of the aourt, as I am satisfied I | have said enough to show to you the mon- ; sfcrous nature of the oonspiraoy to whioh my | unfortunate olient has fallen a victim. Gall i Josiah Thistlethwaite." The solicitor took his stand in the witness- box with a jaunty, self-satisfied air, which was, in truth, assumed for. the purpose of concealing the nervousness he oould not help feeling at the prospect of the ordeal before him. In reply to one of the junior counsel for the plaintiff, he deposed that he had acted as solioitor and confidential agent to ' the late Mr. James Tredegar for many years, that he had prepared many wills by the direction of the deceased gentleman, -and that the last of these — the one under which the plaintiff claimed the property — had been executed in his presence, after having been read over by the deoeased in the presence of the attesting . witnesses. Mr. James Tredegar, he oon- j tinned, was able to converse with him during the earlier part of their interview, and was certainly in full possession of his faonlties, , bat he gradually became so weak that the j exertion of talking became too great for him, and (if the witness remembered aright) he signified his approval of the will, in the ; presenoe of the witnesses , by a simple j monysyllable and a bend of his head. Wit- i ness was thoroughly conversant with James | Tredegar's affairs, and had no reason what- I ever to snspeot the existence of any deed of i transfer such as that under whioh Sir | Charles North had entered into possession of I the property. The consideration of an ; annuity of five thousand pounds was utterly j inadequate, as the revenues of the estate i never were less than ten thousand pounds j per annum. He knew that Mr. James Tre- , degar and the defendant, Sir Charles North, had speculated together, "although he had personally never been brought in contact with Sir Charle3, the business between them being, he supposed, transacted by a share- broker. Questioned as to the relations sub sisting kiing the deceased gentleman and his son, Stephen, Mr. Thistlethwaite said that they had been estranged for many years, owing to some love affair of whioh tha father disapproved. Had known Mr. Stephen Tredegar and done business iet him. Never heard the eldest Tredegar allege that hiB Bon had been guilty of any offence beyond that mentioned, and had reason to believe that the old gentleman would have readily become reconciled to him, had Stephen presented himself for the pnr pose, as he (witness) had often urged him to do. Believed that Mr. Stephen Tredegar had Borne position in the scientific world, and held the title of Professor, owing to hiB having held snch a position at a German university. The children of the elder son, James, long since deceased, had been edu cated at the cost of their nncle Stephen, who had adopted them on the death of their parents, some thirteen or fourteen years ago. Had heard the elder Tredegar speak in terms of commendation of this action on the part of his son Stephen, and believed that his last ..will was made in accordance with that feel- "ing. The witnesses to that will were trades men residing in the neighborhood of the deceased, who had been called in for the purpose, as legacies had been left to all the members of the household. Mr. Curtis, one of the junior connsel for the defendant, began his cross-examination by asking Mr. Josiah Thistlethwaite whether he was the same gentleman who had recently been accused of malpractice. This 'question was objected to by Mr. Bumptions, and ruled inadmissible by the Court — but the end was obtained all the same — the jury were made to nnderstand that the witness had been engaged in some transaction which had been considered by some pe son or other as infamous. This is a favorite method of procedure in courts <>i justice, barristers being perfectly satisfied u put a question which they know will n-ii be permitted, but which serves their purpose in damaging the character of a witness, often, indeed, more than if the answers are forthcoming. After some unimportant questions, Mr. Curtis asked whether Mr. Thistlethwaite was not in the habit of corresponding with Mr. Stephen Tredegar. " I wrote to him occasionally when the business which I was transacting for him re quired it," was the answer. . " And, of course, you did not always strictly confine yourself to business?" "|I do notjsnppose any man of business is in the habit of mixing up other matters with his business," replied Mr. Thistlethwaite.- "I know that I am not." "Will you swear that it was not in conse quence of a letter sent by you that Stephen Tredegar came ever to England a day or two previous to his'father's death ?" The witness hesitated, reflecting that it might be possible that some of his letters had ' fallen into the hands of the plaintiff through Alma or Dart Tredegar, but he was saved by Mr. BumptiouB, who objected to the ques tion. " I am anxious to establish the fact that a conspiracy existed between the witness and the plaintiff," said Mr. Curtis. " The ques tion is, I submit, admissible." "Not certainly in that form, Mr. Curtis," said the Chief Justice. " The witness could not posBibly give evidence as to the motive of the plaintiff." " Then, my lord, I will put it this way : Did you write to the plaintiff ipforming him that his father wa3 dying ?" After further argument,Mr. Thistlethwaite was obliged to reply that it was possible he might have mentioned the fact as he was then in correspondence with the plaintiff upon another matter. Mr. Bumptious objected here to the line of cross-examination adopted by his learned friend. They were not their to try the validity of the will nnder whioh the plaintiff claimed, but to decide npon the valne of the deed of transfer. Probate had been taken out in due course, and a verdict in favor of the plaintiff would not establish his right to the property as against claimants under any previous will, but would merely nulify the title of Sir Charles North. To insinuate, therefore, that there was anything wrong about the will, was merely to waste the time of the court. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll differed from his learned friend. The locus standi of the plaintiff must first be definitely settled. It mast be clearly shown that he had a right to appear in that court as a claimant. His olaim must come under consideration before that of the defendant was dealt with at all. Moreover, what was the object of piittiDg in evidence with reference to the will if the question of its validity had no bearing on the oase? The defendant was entitled to ques tion their right as much as they were entitled to question his. After a long argument, in whioh all the oounsel engaged in the case took part, «he oonrt decided with Serjeant Jeykll, and the cross_ - examination was resumed. But nothing of any importance transpired ; Mr. Josiah Thistlethwaite bad told his tale, and adhered to it, submitting to a badgering which lasted for over two hours without letting his opponents score another point against him. "Did you see him after the will was made ?" asked Mr. Curtis in cross- examina tion. "I saw him twice on that day, I find on zeferencejto my book, but I eould not possibly tell whether he bad then made his will or not," was the reply. " Was he in the habit of talking to you about his affairs ? Did he tell you he had made a will that day ?" 11 1 had known Mr. James Tredegar for many years, and always found him, like most snocesBfnl men of business, very reticent. We never conversed about '.his private af fairs." " Then he might have made a will that day?" asked Mr. Walton, oounsel for the plaintiff, when Mr. Curtis had resumed his seat. " He might — I Bee no reaon why he should not have done bo," the dootor replied, and the examination ended. Jabez Hooker then deposed that he had witnessed the will in question , whioh was read over in his presence to the deceased gentle man, and approved by him before he signed it. "Is it not nnusnal for witnesses to be made acquainted with the nature of a will they are witnessing ?" asked Mr. Curtis. Witness knew nothing about it. Had never witnessed a will before, and never wished to witness one again. Was a strag gling tradesman with a large family, and thonght it hard lineB that, jnst because he had obliged a customer by witnessing his will, he should be dragged away from his shop, and kept dangling abont the court day after day for almost nothing. Mr. Bumptious interjected that the will had been read over in the presence of the witnesses because of the condition of the deceased gentleman, and by his express desire. There conld be no object in keeping its provisions secret, as he was at the point of death, and all wonld be known in a few hours. "You saw Mr. Tredegar sign the will?" continued Mr. Curtis. "Yob." " You are sure it waB Mr. Tredegar ? You knew him well?" "I knowed him well enough. Anyhow, are it likely 88 anyone else conld be a-Bettin' in Mr. Tredegar's bed in his own room ?" John StileB testified to the same effect as the last witnesB, but added that the room wbb so dark he could not very well distinguish the features of the testator. " Do you doubt that it was he, then ?" aBked Mr. Curtis, eagerly. "No, Bir— it was him sure enough, but the room was darkish, and there wbb heavy enr- tains on the bed, bo that I remember wonder- ing how he eould see to write his name." The late Mr. Tredegar's butler and house keeper were then called and gave evidence as to their master's sanity, but, as it was shown that they were directly interested in the success of the plaintiff, being expectant legatees nnder the will in question, their evidence could not be regarded as of much value. Mr. Sterling, a share-broker, deposed that lie, had transacted much business in shareB for Sir Charles North and the late Mr. Tre degar; that be bad been in the habit of paying to, and receiving money frorp, either of the two gentleman, on their joint account, and that his connection with them had sub sisted for some years, dnring which he had always regarded them as partners, at least as far as speculation in stock and shares were concerned. Being asked in cross-examination whether he had not kept account of snch sums paid and received, he said that he bad,a but that, unfortunately, his books had perished in a fire some months previously, and it would be utterly impossible for him to remember what monies he had paid or received on account of the two gentlemen. He further added that, even if the bookB were producable they would only have shown the tranaaotions en. tered under the names of North and Tredegar as partners, no memorandum having been kept as to which of the two gentlemen made or received the payments. The oase for the plaintiff closed here, and, .s it was then late in the afternoon the conrt adjourned until the following day. CHAPTER LYL rSE OASE FOR THE DEFENDANT. On the resumption of the ease, on the fol lowing morning, there was even a larger at tendance of the publia than there had been on the first day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for the defence as follows : "My lord, gentlemen of the jury— my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply his heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his client has been placed by the defendant. I shall begin by telling you that my feelings also are in terested in this case, in as much as I cannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of the plaintiff, based as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my olient, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himBelf with one of the most respeoted solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, if the oase for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have entered into such a conspiracy, and been gnilty of Buoh crimes. I shall soon show yon, however, upon how rotten a foundation this oharge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the oharge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the olaim made by the plaintiff under the supposed will of whioh so much has been said. His lord ship will not fail to tell you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless yon are thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdiot for the defendant, without taking into yoar consideration the deed of transfer under which he now holds the pro perty at issue. I must ask you distinctly to understand that a verdict for the defendant will in nowise bar any future claim which may be made by parsons fancying themselves entitle! nnder any other will, but will be merely an expression of opinion on yonr part that the will we are now dealing with was not made by James Tredegar, or was not a genuine ex pression of his lastwiBhes. For, I beg you to remark that it by no means follows, even if you are satisfied that he executed that will, that it was a bona-jide expression of his in tentions with reference to the disposal of his property. Our oase is that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solioitor, who now acta for the claimant, and we con tend that, even if the will in question were genuine, it was. merely intended as a blind. Bnt I am in hopes that I shall be able to Bhow clearly that the will is merely an impu dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses have to say with reference to this matter. Mr. Thistlethwaite says he prepared many wills for the deceased gentle man, thus admitting a most important fact. He also admitted that he had been in corres pondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father's illness, and urged him to come over to England at once." " Mr. Thistlethwaite did not say that he might have urged the plaintiff to come to England, he merely admitted that, as he was in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might have informed that gentleman of his father's illness," interjected Mr. Bump; tious. " My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekyll, " but it is of no real conse quence, for the witness admitted that a letter which waB shown to him was apparently in nis own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to oome over at once,' but that he wrote toi him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the pecu liar oircumstances attendant upon the exe cution of this extraordinary will. The soli citor swears that the teBtator was too ill to speak in the presence of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stiles swear that it was read over to them before it was executed— a most unuBual course of procedure, as His Lordship will tell you— and John Stiles swore that the room was so dark that he could not well distinguish the features of the deoeased gentleman. These witnesses were compara tive strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been oalled in to witness the will because legacies were left to all the servants of the household. This is a very convenient way of securing a body of useful allies, and, at the same time, securing the absence from the room of per- Bons intimately acquainted with the deceased. What will yon think, gentlemen, when I tell yon that James Tredegar was not in that: room at all ?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex pectation was noticeable throughout the court, the case was becoming exciting. Many eyes were tamed on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone bad noticed the slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with which his annonncement had been received by them. He resumed : " Yes, gentleman, incredible as it may at first appear to you, I assert that James Tredegar had no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn the testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deceived in supposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it was his son, the plaintiff, Stephen Tredegar 1" This denunciation, the learned gentleman delivered with tremendous force, and, for a moment, the Professor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winced, as if under the lash oi a whip. Whence had they derived the informa tion upon which this aooosation was founded? He knew not— he conld not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thistle thwaite had been betrayed. Taming to his lawyer who sat by bis side, he asked, by a glance, the question he dared not give utter ance to. Thistlethwaite, pale as a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug bia Bhoulders, as if insinuating that the accusa tion was merely a trumped-up oharge, of a piece with the rest of the case for the defence. This pantomine did not occupy a minute, whilst the Serjeant was wiping his hrow, and drinking some water. " Gentlemen of the jury," he continued, "by a special act of Providenoa, we have been placed in possession of the faotB of this de- j testable conspiracy ; for the real trnth of the impersonation was known only to the gnilty j parties themselves; bnt, oht of their own j months, we shall convict them. We might | dose onr oase here, bnt I shall not rest until I have thoronghly convinced yon of the trnth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir Charles North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the deed of transfer — experts, men of business and personal friends of the deceased, and I believe that in faoe of their testimony, yon will entertain no shadow of doubt that it is a genuine doonment. You have been told that my client and the late Mr. Tredegar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen, which, we contend, were in par- Bait of the contraot made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, bnt incidental to such speculation. It happens, moBt unfor tunately, that the books of the broker who was employed by them, were des troyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgers whioh I think yon will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and the important fact mast not be overlooked by yon that the payment of five thousand pounds waB made «at regular intervale by Sir Charles North, whioh oonld scarcely be the case if it were in pursnanoe of haphazard epeanlation in stook and Bharea. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out itB extreme improba bility, as Sir CharleB North'B banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in excess of his balance. The facj is that the case of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the' supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charles North, or at his in stance, and that various respectable pdrsons are willing to perjure themselves, bnt it also involves the supposition that a series of coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. This is a violent assumption which would only be warrantable if facts supported it ; as it is, it is the ' baseless fabric of a vision' — as airy and unsubstantial as a Will o'-the wisp. 1 will now — before dealing with the plaintiff's olaim under the supposed will — proceed to establish onr posi tion with reference to the deed of trans fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witness- box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years, and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with whioh the deed of transfer was prepared and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all the oiroamstances of the case known to the reader, and produced a number of reoeipts, letters, bank-books &c.; He was subjected to a prolonged cross- examination by Mr. BnmptionB, who strove in vain to make him loose his temper or contradict himself, and, on taking his Beat, was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll npon his behaviour in the witness-box. Amongst other questions, he had been asked whether he had not sought to detaoh Dart and Alma Tredegar from their nnele. Sir Charles admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Pro fessor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for the purpose of ingratiat ing himself with his father ; he added that in so doing he was merely carrying ont the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had nrged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if he wore successful in the suit, it was his inten tion to divide the property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in conrt, and Mr. Bumptions audibly re marked that it was merely an attempt to catch the sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Mr. Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that is not known to tke reader, and was . likewise subjected tc muoh badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. Two olerks in the employ of Messrs Free- man and Trnelove then deposed that the signature of Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, gennine, and that the body of the instrument appeared also to'be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of hia dissipated habits, whioh had led to fre quent absences from the office, and late atten dance in the morning. Knew nothing else against him. The manager and the aooonntant of the bank with which the late JameB Tredegar did business, swore that the signature to tht deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, his ; and produced books Bhowing entries of snms received and paid in oonneo- tion with the dealings between the deceased anil Sir Charles North. An official from Dootor's Commons now produced the will under whioh the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert of standing was then examined. With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on com paring it with other doenments in the hand writing of Thomas Sumner that it was genuine. Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attaohed to it) appeared also to be real, bnt, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman was speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man conld, nnder each circum stances, write his name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained nnder almost similiar circum stances, and in no single instance waB there one which bore more than a general shaky resemblance to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by the same hand. Mr. Smithson examined them long and earefnlly, and said that they were most un doubtedly so written, adding that corrobora tive evidence was afforded by the paper which bore the same water-maiK and the printed address at the commencement of the letters, in which the peculiarity might be noticed that the tail of the numeral " 2" was missing in all, thns showing that the type used had been broken, and that all had been printed at the same time. Mr. Bumptious asked to see the letters in question, "All in good time, my friend," said Mr. Cnrtis. " One of them is the letter from Thistlethwaite to the plaintiff, which has been already 'before the conrt. Yon will have an opportunity for inspecting them all presently." In cross-examining this witness, Mr. Bumptious strove hard to lesBen the fact of his testimony by asking him whether, after all, questions as to the genuineness of signa tures were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it was not possible that other experts, equally skilled with himself, might not hold a contrary opinion, to his &c.; But Mr. Smithson was well used to the | witness-box, and had been asked questions too often to feel embarrassed, he replied, | after snch fashion that Mr. Bump- | tions might as well have left the questions , unasked. Another expert then gave similiar evidence, and was suffered to leave the box without oro3s-examination. To him sucoeeded a well-known physician of high staading, who swore that, in the condition that James Tredegar was said to be, it would be almost impossible for him to use suoh muscular exertion as would be re quired to write his signature in his ordinary manner. " Might not," asked Mr. Walton in cross- examination for the plaintiff. " Might not a dying man braoe himself to an effort under snch circumstances, and write, for a minute, as usual ?" " Well, it is jnst possible, and that is all," replied the witness. Another doctor gave Bimiliar evidence, and then there was some stir in the court, as Mr. Curtis called " Henry Lasoelles." CHAPTER LVII. the secret recess. I think that the reader, who has followed the fortunes of my heroine and her lover thus far, would not believe me if I attempted to locate their honeymoon anywhere else than in Grabenthal. That sequestered village wbb endeared to them by so many pleasant recollections that it seemed the most natural thing in the world for them to return to it to enjoy the fruition of their loves. There was uo argument on the point, neither knew which made the suggestion, nor even when it was made ; and the expression of their in tention caused no surprise in their little cirole of friends. There, where Alma had wandered "in maiden meditation, fancy free" — there, where Dornroschea had dreamed her dream of love, and tasted the awakening kiBB of her prince — there, where they had oooed their first notes of mutual admiration — there only, of all places in the wide wide world, could they thoroughly realise the blissful present, and speculate over the roseate future. They made their entry into the villiage, after unpretentious fashion, by the Eil- ' wagen ; but Frau Werther had been advised ;of their coming, and as joyful a procession of merry-makers had assembled to greet them, as if they had been the noble Graf ' and Grafinn, whose ancestral ruins frowned ,down upon the valley in rebuke of such frivolities. There were maidens, looking like so many Gretchens ready to go on in the opera of Fanst, yellow-haired, short-kilted, wreath- bearing ; burschen blushing and bowing ; old men and old woman in attire magnificent with brazen ornaments— in fact, it was high holiday in the village, and everybody was there to do the young people honor. Foremost to greet them — the place was his by right — was the Herr Pastor, Bilver-haired, and rusty of clothing; bnt hiB old eyeB beamed with delight, and wedding-ribbonB deoked his hat ; whilst in his hand he bore a floral offering in the shape of a huge nosegay, which hejfastened in Alma's waist-band, after he had given her a loving kiss of wel come. By rights, other village potentates should have followed the Pastor, but Gustl was not to be denied, and grossly infringed the law of precedence, bursting through the throng, and casting her brawny arms around her former mistress' neok. Fran Werther, bustling np to interpose, lost her head also, and soon all laws were for gotten — to the terrible discomfiture of the village marshal of the ceremonies, who was not pacified until he had inbibed so many seboppen of beer as to be indifferent to any thing. The first transports of the meeting over, a prooession was formed, and the young couple were condacted to the mill, whilst the local band played divers national airs snitable to the occasion. Here a new trial awaited them, for they were compelled to hold a formal reeeption, whioh involved endless hand-shakings and pretty speeches, for every body, with the smallest pretension to be con sidered anybody, insisted npon paying his or her respects to the bride and the bride groom. " Thank Heaven, it is all over !" exclaimed Harry, when the last of the visitors bad de parted. "It has been the most perfectly awful trial I have ever undergone in my life." "Bat your trials are not yet over, dear," said Alma, with a smile. " There is to be a grand ball this evening, and yon will have to open the proceedings with the Fran Burg- meisterinn." Harry groaned. " It's jnst my luck I" he said. " We eome here — to the most out-of- the-way aeoluded spot in all Germany- hoping to be left alone, and, by George, if we had been the .Crown Prinoe and Princess of Prnssia they aouldn't have made more pow wow over us 1" " And you are not pleased to find that your little wife is not forgotten ?" " Oh, hang it, yeB 1 I appreciate the com pliment, child ; still, that does not make it the less a bore. But I am not going to make yon unhappy, little one, and I promise I'll aance with the Burgomaster's wile, or any other frau you like,- bo long as my feet last." Harry Lascelles had not forgotten his ex periences on the occasion of Gustl's be trothal, and, very natnrally, he dreaded the ordeal, which, however, he knew could not be evaded without giving dire offence to the simple country folk, amongst whom his wife had passed so many happy years. The ball began at half past seven, and lasted until one o'clock, whioh were the or thodox hours in Grabenthal for beginning and concluding snch a " function." Harry, albeit somewhat awkward at first, comported himself manfnlly, and to the entire satisfac tion the of villagers, who, one and all, declared that the yonng Fraulein bad certainly fonnd a husband worthy of herself. Notwithstanding the previous evening's dissipation, everybody was np and doing shortly after sunrise, and, after they had made a hearty breakfast, our young friends started ont for a ramble; which, ended, as might be expected, on the heights of Ruben- stein, whioh locality was sacred to them as the place of their first meeting. The same old rook who had witnessed their betrothal, Bat npon the same withered bough, and cawed his welcome as they ap proached. Be sore he recognised the youth ful pair, whose love-making had oalled np snch fond memories in his aged breast ; bnt, if he envied their happiness, he could at least console himself by the reflection that he, too, had tasted earthly happiness— he, too, had loved. ' Then they reolinedtonjthe well-remembered knoll, and chattered pretty, silly love-talk, until Alma deelared that it was time to go home, it they did not wiBh to break Frau Werther's heart by spoiling the dinner. "As if we eould eat I" exclaimed Harry, reproaohfully. " Just when I begin to feel the divine afflatus stirring within my breast —just when I am thinking what £- wku I r,2ti could write, if I gave my mind to it— you : break in with your prosaic reference to food. Alma, I am ashamed of you 1" " Maybe, what you mistake for divine af- , flatus is only the incipient stage of hunger, ' dear," replied Alma, with a merry laugh. ; " Come along, at least, if we are not hungry, we ought not to be so poetically selfish as to forget that onr hosts may be more materially inclined." That this view of the oase was shared by the old rook, there can be no doubt, for, as ; Alma finished Bpeaking, he spread his wings, . eawed his farewell, and swept gracefully \ downward to the pine forest, to his accus- : tomed pasturage. I After dinner, Alma was carried off, willy nilly, by Frau Werther, in order that she might deliver a full, true and particular ac count of all that had happened to her sinoe her departure from Grabenthal. j Then Harry lit a pipe, and strolled listlessly i abont the plaoe, feeling very much aggrieved I at being thns deprived of his bride at the j very commencement of his honeymoon, and i when no other companionship was available, j and even reading was impossible, owing to I the entire absence of books and newspapers ! in the only language he knew sufficiently well to be able to read withont a diction- ary. After an hour of unspeakable boredom, the yonng man wandered back to the mill, and began exploring. He soon exhausted the sitting-room, whioh had been stripped of all the various little knick-knacks that gave it a home-like appear ance in former days, and had been reduced to that orthodox stiff formality which is the height of style in the eyes of the less culti vated classes.- In the corner of the room there was a small door, whioh Harry opened, and per ceived that it led into one of those stair-cases in the wall, which were so dear to the archi tects of onr forefathers. Ascending these I stairs, he found himBelf In a small turret- j chamber, whioh had evidently remained un- j used since the Professor left Grabenthal, for, | on the floor, were many scraps and shreds, j the signs of " packing np." Near the window j stood an aneient escritore whioh Harry lost no time in opening. It contained pigeon- ; holes and drawers innumerable, but all were 1 empty, and he was abont to turn away ,when he perceived, amidst the brass moulding, a tiny knob, which shone as if it had been sub jected to more constant friction than its sur roundings. " A secret drawer, I'll lay my life !" Harry mattered. " Now for a glorious find— open ' Sesame 1" C A man Who Could Keep Cool- "Mister, no donbt you have all thelearnin' that's required in a school teacher, bnt it wants more than learnin' to make a man able to teach school in Cranberry Gulch.' You'll soon find that out if you try. We've had three who tried it on. One lays there in the graveyard, another lost his eye ; the last one opened school and left before noontime for the benefit of his health. Ha hasn't been back since. Now, you're r, slender build, and all your learnin' will only make it worse, for all onr yonng folks are roughs, and don't stand no nonsense." This is what one of the district trustees said to my friend Harry Flotoe when he made application for the vacant position of teacher. " Let me try. I know I am Blender, but I am tough and I have a strong will," said Harry. "Jnst as yon like. There's the school- honse, and I'll have notice given if you want it done," said the trustee. " I do," said Harry, " and I'll open next Monday at 9 a.m." The notice was given, and there was a good deal of excitement in the Guleh and along the Yuba Flats. More than fifty yonng people of both sexes made an excuse to drop into the tavern to get a sight of the fellow who thought he could keep school in that district, and many a contemptuous glance fell on the slender form and youthful face of the wonld-be teacher. Eight o'olock on Monday mofning came, and Harry Flotoe went down to the sohool- house with a key in one hand and a valise in the other. "Ready to slope if he finds we're too much for him," said a cross-eyed, broad- shonldered fellow of eighteen. The Isohocl-honse was unlocked, and the new teacher went to his desk. Some of the young folkB went to Bee what ha was going to do, thongh the school was not called. Harry opened his valise and took ont a large belt. Then, after buckling it around his waist, he pnt threo Colt's navy revolvers there, each six barrels, and a bowie knife eighteen inches in the blade. " Thunder ! he meanB business I" muttered the crosB-eyed chap. The new teacher now took out a square eard about four inches each way, walked to the other end of the school-house, and tacked it up against the wall. Returning to the deBk, he took a revolver from his belt, and quick as thought sent ball after ball into the card till there were six balls in a spot not muoh larger than a silver dollar. By this time the school-house was half full of large boys and girls. The little ones were afraid to oome in. Then the teacher walked half way down the room with a bowie knife in his hand, and threw it with so true a hand that it stuck quivering in the centre of the card.' He left it there, and quietiy put two more of ' the same kind in his belt and reloaded his yet smoking pistol. "Ring the bell; I am about to open school." He spoke to the cros3-eyed boy, the bully of the crowd, and the boy rang the bell withont a word. " The scholars will take their seats ; I open school with a prayer," he said, sternly, five minutes later. The scholars sat down silently, almost breathless. After the prayer the teaoher cocked a revolver and walked down on the floor. " We will arrange the classes," he said : " all who can read, write, and spell will rise. Of them we will form the first class." Only b!x got np. He escorted them to apper seats, and then he began to examine the rest. A whisper was heard behind him. . In a second he wheeled, revolver in hand. " No whispering allowed here !" he thun dered, and for an instant his revolver lay on a level with the eroaa-ejed boy's head. "I'll not do it any more," gasped the bully. " See you do not. I never give a second warning," said the teaoher, and the revolver fell. It took two hours to organize the olasses, but when done they were all organized. Then came recoss. Tbe teacher went out too, for the room was crowded and hot. A hawk war ciroling overhead, high in the air. The teacher drew his revolver, and the next second the hawk came tumbling down among the wondering scholars. From that day on Harry kept school for two years in Cranberry Gulch, his salary doubled after the first quarter, and his pnpiu learned to love as well as to respeot him, and the revolvers were out of sight within a month. They had found a man at last who oould keep school. This is a fact. Respect the Rights of Others.— The man or woman who possesses the true spirit of conciliation knows that no right is too small to be respeoted, no kindness too trifling to bfl rendered, no part of life too insignifiOMlt to fomjd consideration. 