mark twain's version \- of "hamlet." \- The above talented author has, put . foi.th a revised edition of- the tragedy of '.' Hamlet."- According to Twain's ' idea,,?' Hamlet," as.it came from the pen of. Shakespeare, was incomplete.' . Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and ; eccentric tempera ment/must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the family of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain.' sustains his .theory in the following ingenious arguments :— . \- , - " ' - "We find in the 1.J istoryof-England and Paris, adjacent pages,. 4, 11-, 44, > Vol. II, the following letter from the King of Denmark to Tom layers, an old friend of his ; Dear Tom — Those hair-stuffed box ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who : ran the Express / Company, was a . distant uncle of the author, M.T.J 'in ' good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a tacituru .and melancholy disposition, takes very little stock in the gloves, as a blow .. on the nose only serves to increase his melancholy.' Thus I have given ye \- gloves to Billy my second born who . is as lively as a cricket on his pins, i: and a jovial lad withal, who takes; kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. . Yesterday he thumped his. teacher, most soundly on ye bugle, "for which' I re warded ,him by giving him a silver-' mounted' wassail bowl filled"to the upperihosLb'fim with good brown ale. If you , make your match with Crabble let me know, and send a couple of tickets for,seats pretty close to the ropes. " If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub-treasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, King of Denmark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare had no license — poetical or otherwise — to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. Twain Continues " Other letters from the King to Sayers, now. 'in. my p issession, being kindly loaned lhe by the British Museum, go to show that .Shake-'1 speare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put au old candle- siiuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that lie never forgave the young rascal. People who have , had candle-snuffers placed in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where he appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' ' > The events at Elsiuore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I canuot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass uncorrected." . - THE PLAY. In his revised version. Twain takes liberties with the original text, which stroiigly reminds one . of Boucicault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus. and Horatio, . William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black bpttle ; , but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. # # # The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had' disappear-'.- ed lie bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in a side scene 'is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as. his arrangements; are complete lie stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out iu the side scenes, where lie goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick! . " ' When Horatio is telling Hamlet of the apparition William listens with his":iii6iith wide "open, apparently, ransfixed with fear ; but after they are gone he.i.tiirns to Hamlet with "Hamlet, do you swallow all this?" Don't you know/all these; fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs'?' Do you sup pose the old man would walk around this castle with his armour on? W hat in the deuce does a ghost want of armour? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able of- packing armour around. Why, the last few years he. wasn't hardly able to; w.adijl.e fabout in ' that one-bun'drM-and-ten""" "pound suit. 1 Don't you. 'know-when 'he' cairie;in from that last dress parade he said / he'd be. switched, if he'd; ever -.put the old brass togs on again; " Pshaw, old boy have some sen'Se." > - THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. ; !!< f ir.'MUMlr.' i.C v In 1 the ' fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses the ghost; walking scefiej until he is , entirely' satisfied; with himself; while / helndulges. iilthefollojving soliloquy : . jt'BerliapB thiawofa'tcatctf hiigKbhi no! He'll think it the' true business, and no : Mistake. Ifj-I can get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to go.." - In this scene Twain has, followed the original text pretty closely> ' Tile following extract will give- a' 'general idea of his treatment of it : — Hamlet. My fate cries out; And makes each petty- artery on this body 1 . As hardy as the Nemean lioifis ner,ve. '( Gliost beckons!) Still I am called. Unhand me gentler- men.! - ' ' ' (Breaking Jpopi them). . By heaven, I'll make a ghost of' him that' lets me. I say, away ! Go on! I'll follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already. .; ' it ' The harrowing tale which William as the ghost, unfolds, runs in this practical fashion: — " I am thy father's spirit. Doomed- to ail, everlasting swing around' the circle. I-j. could a tale unfold that .would, lift your hat to the, ceiling'; Vlf ever :there was a slick old fraud' your uncle is that man. ( The newspaper reports about my death were all wroug, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my politicalslio.es dumped the ounce of ' prussic acid-in niy ear and tliat; did ,the business. ; l ean tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. Iain willing to furnish testimonials for the trade. The Ghost then proceeds, at con siderable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to get even'- with ; his Uncle, interspersing his story with BbmV'side-spiifiting' ' 1 AsidFs;" wliicli are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double r61e of Ghost and adviser to Eamlet in the flesh. When not masquerading with his material seances; he is going about with his brother trying to1 dissuade him from doing. anything rash, and telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking any stock in. the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when his hilarity threatens' to escape from h'i's control. ' His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle and step-father, for whom he has the most profound contempt ; but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, and on one occasion: con fesses the fraud- and; tries to 'get Hanilet to look at the armor and mosquito netting ; but Hamlet only looks! upon 'it as a dodge to! dissuade him fr6:ii=his purpose, and will' listen to nothing. , . '. . In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing scene 'he gazes? upon the work' of death, and coolly orders " a bolt of black- crape" while he announces that his morning will be wholesale. . v i . . " 1 ' Some of the'pissages are intensely funny, and in others the humor is v forced, with a .tendency to slang ; but as a whole the innovation . is very laughable, and the version; will no doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed audiences . should it ever be clayed.. So writes an. American critic. WI'H.W. 