FULL-STOP OR PERIOD. "Do not come too late." That was the wording of the telegram which Captain Richard Irton held in his hand as he sat, in a temperature of 109 deg. in the shade, on the verandah of his Indian bungalow. " Do not come too; late?" he mut tered to himself. By Jove, as if it were probable that he would dawdle now ! It was just like Mrs. Lennox to send such a chaffing wire as this.. He might, have been a.long time maldng.up his mind,,but it waspmade up now, and he meant to go home and marry her. It was h_er last letter that had settled the matter—the letter in which she hinted that Lord Shorthorn was awfully " mashed." No, he wasn't going to stand by and see Dorothy Lennox married to a cad like Shorthorn. He had been a whole year, he reminded himself, in this infernal station, with its furnace heat, its inane gossip, and its eternal tennis and polo. How he loathed the very sight of his Major's wife, and her white eyelashes, her malicious giggle, and her flirting manners! And then he thought of Mrs. Len nox. He remembered the first night he had met her—in the ballroom of a great house in London—and how he had seen- her surrounded by a dozen other fellows, and how he had " made the running," and had cut out all those outsiders. And he reeollected the call he had paid next day at her tiny house in Park-street, when she had been so sweet and graceful, and had talked to him as no woman had ever talked before. He didn't go, in for brains or any of that rot; but, by Jove, Dorothy Lennox made him feel another fellow. He thought of the ! cool amber-tinted room where she I always sat, with its drooping palms, its masses of azaleas, its Bajon etch ings, and its blue-and-white Nankin. It was always cool .and cosy in Mrs; Lennox's house, and she had a way of taking a fellow's hand and looking him seriously in the eyes which was quite irresistible. He remembered how it had become almost a .habit to drop in of an afternoon, to lounge on her soft divan, and listen to her half chaffing talk and her low delicious laugh. And when a woman is deuced good-looking as well as clever, why, what is a fellow to do ? Perhaps it was wrong to make love in quite such a serious way as he did, but hang it! she wasn't a kitten, and she might have known, he wasn't the marrying sort. It is true they had talked a lot of nonsense, and it had ended, the day before his leave was up, and. the Junna left Portsmouth for Bombay, in his telling her she was the only woman he really cared for at all, in a good deal of passionate kissing, and finally in a hansom rolling noisily over the stones to Waterloo Station. All that was a year ago, but he hadn't forgotten her a bit—worse luck. And her letters—how awfully nice they were! how like herself! Not Bpoony, like those he wrote to her ; but frank, humorous, and thoroughly ion eamaraJe. Hang it all ; it was much easier to keep heart-whole in London than in this sultry and monot-. onous hole. He managed to evade compromising himself definitely even when he had gone to bid Mr. Lennox good-bye, although he had been periously- near proposing to her that last evening; but he had got away, and nothing had been said which would have tied him down to an engagement. Dick, in his roving life, had com mitted eveiy folly except that which he considered * the hugest folly of all —the folly of tying yourself to one i woman for life. He remembered how he had congratulated himself on all this when he went on board the Junna. Was he, the best-looking fellowand keenest sportsman in the 150th Hussars, to knock under like any spoony young sub. the moment he met a pretty woman? But now things were changed. He had never bargained, somehow, for her marrying again; he had got to look upon her more or less . as his own. When she had written that letter with all the allusions to Shorthorn in it, his blood had fairly boiled. He didn't regret a bit the letter he had written in reply, telling he was leaving India the very day he could get leave, and asking her to he bis wife. Afterall, why shouldn't he marry 5 He was over thirty, and he had had, as he remembered with a smile, his " fling." The other fellows in his regiment used to chaff him and call him " casual," and said be never did to-day what be could put off till to-morrow.' But that was all nonsense. He cou?d make up his mind like other men—even to matrimony. And here waa her answer to his letter; " Do not come too late." "Well, he Bad got his leave, and would be with her in three weeks. . " Lennox; was the sort of woman about whom people's tongues are always wagging. Hardly was her late husband borne beneath nodding plumes to Kensal Green, that she was married, in perspective, to at least a dozen admirers. She was a great success in society, for besides being a charming woman, she was a fashionable poetess, writing words for Tosti's songs, and; publishing small volumes of erotic verse, bound in white parchment, and printed on extra thick paper. Tall and slight, with smooth dark hair and liquid eyes, she had a face full of character and determination. To look at Mrs. Lennox was to know that she was a woman who rapidly made up her mind, and who once having done so, was not likely to alter it. But two years had passed away since her hus band's death and this nineteenth cen tury Sappho had not consoled herself.; And then had come the Dick Irton episode. It was a bright morning in June when Captain Irton arrived at-Charing Cross Station thoroughly fagged and wearied with his long journey. He had come as fast as the P & O steamers and mail trains can bring a man from Bombay to the Strand. But in a couple of hours he hoped to have rid himself of all signs of travel, to have got inside a decent coat, and to be in the shady drawing-room in Park-street, with Dorothy's Lennox's soft arms round his neck. He felt very sleepy and somewhat aggrieved, for be had been in hopes of seeing her at the . station, although she could not possibly know exactly when he would arrive. He had started by the very next mail from Bombay, so that writing would have been useless. He felt, indeed, that he had answered her telegram in a very practical fashion. How over joyed she would be to have him back! He hoped it would not be too much for her—seeing him suddenly again like this. So, throwing himself on the bed in his room at the Grand Hotel, he fell asleep. When Dick awoke it was three in the afternoon. Tubbing and unpack ing took an hour, and then he had to go out and buy a tall hat. After this he directed the cabman to the house . in Park- street. The shady Mayfair street looked bright and pleasant as his hansom rattled along, the houses smartened up for the season with new blinds, and window- boxes full of daisies and spirea. A light -breeze blew in his face, and a couple of fair-haired girls in pink cotton made a bright patch against the gray-toned houses. By Jove ! how awfully nice it all was after I India! A man might be very happy . in London, with a charming wife who would know how to give little dinners, and the club, and the theatres, and the Park. Pulling up at the house, Dick's jaw fell. There was an awning from the door to the kerbstone, with a crowd of nursemaids and urchins gaping on :each side. The street was full of carriages, too. What did it mean? ;Then Dick remembered that Mrs. Lennox gave a great many afternoon parties. Well, it was deuced disap pointing he said to himself, when you had come all the way from India to see a woman, to find she was giving :one of those infernal kettledrums the very day you arrive. Inside the house there was the usual elbowing, well-dressed crowd that you see any afternoon in the season in Mayfair. Boys in gray coats with pink carnations in their buttonholes jogged old club-men in brown coats and: white gardemas. In the dining room hook-nosed dowagers were forag ing for ices, while on the landing frisky matrons loitered with their temporary swains. On the stairs Dick met a woman he knew, an enthusiastic girl of forty three, who was dressed in a more juve nile garb than when he had last seen her. Murmuring, " Charmed to see youbaek—happy occasion!" she trip ped past him. " Happy occasion, is it ?" said Dick to himself, wishing his gushing ac quaintance and the rest of the guests at the bottom of the sea. It could have been a happier occasion still if he could have, found his Dorothy alone in her amber-tinted room. When Captain Irton reached, the door, he could see Mrs. Lennox stand ing in the midst of a small crowd of people, who all seemed to be talking at once. By Jove! how " fetching" she looked in her silver-grey gown, with a huge bouquet of orchids, and that grey tulle, she had on her head! Was that a new fashion, Dick won dered for women to wear bonnets at their own " at homes ?" And there was that ass Shorthorn close beside her, with a particularly fatuous and. gloating expression on his face! It was high time he had written, Dick thought; it was high time he had come. Why, the fellow was far gone—over head and ears ; Dick could see that by the way he appropriated Mrs. Lennox with his eyes. Then one of the circle moved away, and Dorothy turned and saw Captain Irton at the door. She looked as if she had seen a ghost. Coming for ward, he took her hand, and then he saw that somethingwas wrong. With out a word, she motioned him into an adjoining room, which for the moment was empty. "Good God!" she whispered, " why have you come now? I wired that you were not to come, that it was too late. I wrote, too, but you cannot have got my letter." " Too late, Dorothy! what do you mean? Tour telegram said,' Do not come too late.' Well* I started the next day," " Poor Dick," slie Baid at last, " what a dreadful mistake you have made. 'Do not come. Too late,' was the message I sent. Did you not remember that there are no full-stops in telegraphy? I was married an hour ago to Lord Shorthorn. Come in, and let me introduce you to my husband." And this was Dick Irton's little mistake. . There, are no full-stops in telegraphy, but when, ten minutes later,.Dick saw Lord and Lady Short-, horn drive off amidst showers of rice and slippers, he knew that, he had had. a moral full-stop which he would remember all his life. 