THE GHOST’S TOUCH. BY WILKIE COLLINS. FIRST FART. VIII. A [?] [?] Mrs Zant was alone, in an imperfectly lit room. “I hope you will excuse the bad light,” she said; “my head has been burn in as if the fever had come back again. 0;i. don't go away ! After what I have i'diiWeil, you don’t know how dreadful it is to be alone.” The tone of her voice told him that she had been crying. He at once tried the best means of setting the poor lady a; care by telling her of the conclusion at wiiich lie had unived, after reading her manuscript. The happy result showed itself instiutlv; her face brightened, her manner dinned; she was eager to hear more. 11 Have I produced any other impression ca you f she asked. He understood the allusion. Expressing sincere respect for her own convictions, he bid her honestly that he was not prepared tosav more. Grateful for the tone in which he had answered her, she wisely and deli cately changed the subject. “I must speak to you of my brother-in law,” she said. “He has told me of your visit; and I am anxious to know what yon think of him. Do you like Mr John Ziut?” Mr Rayburn hesitated. The care-worn look appeared again in her face. “If you had felt as kindly towards him as he feels towards you,” she said, “I might have gone to St. Ann's with a lighter heart.” Mr Rayburn thought of the supernatural appearances described at the close of her nar rative. “You believe in that terrible warn in.V he rcimmsliated; “and yet yon go to yo.ir brother-in-law's house.” I believe,” she answered, “ in the spirit ci the mail who loved mein the days of his earthly bondage. lam under his protection. lint have I to do hut to cast away my' ■ears,aud to wait in faith and hope? It might have helped my resolution if a friend hid baeu near to encourage me.” She paused, and smiled sadly. “ I must remember,” she resmiifcd, “ that your way of understanding my position is not my way 7. I ought to •nve to'.il you that Mr John Zant feels need fa anxiety about my health. He declares ftat he will not lose sight of 111 c until his mind is at ciso, It is useless to atfcemot to mlcr his opiuiou. lie says my nerves are euttered—and who that sues me call doubt .fa tells me that my only l chance of t'ttiug better i- to try change of air and privet rep ate—how can I contradict him ? he reiiiiiuls me that 1 have no relation but himself, and no house open to me but his hail—and God knows he is right !” 'lllO said those lust words iu accents of melancholy resignation, which grieved the .•.'Oilman whose one merciful purpose was to o-rie and console her. lie spoke impulsively, '•lui the freedom of an old friend. 1 want to know more of you and of Mr v-.ui Aiiit tluiii I know now,” lie said. “My matne is ,i better one than mere curiosity. Jjou believe that 1 feel a sincere interest in you;' . "itli iny whole heart.” .. la t imply encouraged him to. proceed 'nil what he had to say. “ When you ,;;? u «d from Vour fainting lit,” he began, rJohn Zmt asked questions, of course ?” i- ashed wliul e mid possibly have hap .. e j 1 ’ m such a quiet place as Kensington to make me faint.” And how did you answer ?” Answer? I couldn’t even look at him !” ‘mi. said nothing?'’ . otiiing.' 1 do not know what he . : u , "iv; he might have been sur ’ 'f' : or he might have been oii'ended.” Jiked 5 ' e CaS ‘ ly t,fl ' c:uUll ■''' -fa' Kayburn i( jlot in my experience of him.” , o you mean your e.xnerieuce of him Wore your ill,less.” moilt" 1100 "O' recovery, his eugage finm T", Pidionts have kept him away tor'. ~ on ' I have not seen him since he these lodgings for me. But he is al «}• eons, derate. He has written more ce°l« fti t 0 ie = tfat I "'MI not think him alrrol u and t 0 U ‘ U ,ne ("'hat I knew ha- ' through my poor husband) that he hbJ°- m ™ e - r '*' s °' vil i and must live by ““Droiession.” brotn'I y ol,r fasband’s lifetime, were the two T ,er3o agoodteinis?" he,-?, ' U ' i i' '^* le (,ne complaint I ever that iJ'r - • s ' )ai, d make of John Zant was J it“r n ailU k c ? me t° see us often enough, ttisinp m ' ll [fk'go. Is there some wickcd- It mo-i""'," ‘' c '‘ " e ' l:ive "ever suspected ? buna ’ c ~rfat/ioi« can it he? 1 have every "hotn l°i >C to the man against liisimni 'i VC )een Kll l>~n>atural!v warned ! 4i n ttoma h™ be™ always perfect, iq r,uirt; e y ' m 1 ou ' ,: to his inlluuiiee ‘foulV “y '"''id, when the dreadful "D-, il Jol 't my husband’s death.” ° J llltall doubt if he died a uatural Cs niuim t; 10 ' '! o! !' ,J "" ;,s 'lvhig of rapid doctors] * n ~ J “t his sudden death took the t-'ntl’em; 1 6 , u ‘P r ' se - Gne of them thought dtcr,i,i„ ? !t 1:1 ve faken an overdose of his iiilej K ‘"P-’ >'>'mistake. The other over inwi,.;, 01 ; ‘here might have been ail any ,B fause. Oh, don’t speak of it r i l,s tu lk of something else. ’-fotlier in \ , " lion do you and your “Ton a "' leavcLf,l, don?’’ turn with 1 *. 0 "’-! looked at Mr Hay die said u,! 1 . pteous entreaty iu her eyes; “a-Mde ! 'r“ Iy ’ 3’ o u go to the Jou Y’ ’ “ na wko vour dear little girl with *? tint S’ i** " '''eh she had only' dared which was at , 'Hretelbv • R ?’ bmn ’ sn ’ i, >d. • taZint u t \ , s nuoiig prejudice against '“■law s fa had said of her brother m Wl tli forebodings of peril to herself, all the more powerful in their in fluence for this reasou—that he shrank from distinctly realising them. If another person had been present at the interview, and had said to him afterwards—“ That man’s reluc tance to visit his sister-in-law, while her husband was liviug, is associated with a secret sense of guilt which her innocence cannot even imagine; he, and he alone, knows the cause of her husband’s sudden death; his feigned anxiety about her health is adopted as the safest menus of enticing her into his house"—if those formidable conclu sions had been urged on Mr Rayburn, he would have felt it his duty to reject them, as unjustifiable aspersions on au abseut man. And vet, when lie took leave that evening of Mrs Zant, he had pledged himself to give Lucy a holiday at the seaside; and he had said, without blushing, that the child really deserved it, as a reward for general good conduct and attention to her lessons ! IX. Three days later, the father and daughter arrived towards evening at St. Aun’s-ou- Sea. They found Mrs Z rut waiting at the station. The poor woman’s joy on seeing them expressed itself like the joy of a child. “ Oh, I am so glad ! so glad !” was all she could say when .they met. Lucy was half smothered with kisses, and was made supremely happy by a present of the finest doll she had ever possessed.. Mrs Zant accompanied her friends to the rooms which had been secured at tlm hotel. She was able to speak confidentially to Mr Ray burn, while Lucy was iu the balcony hug ging her doll, and looking at the sea. The one event that had happened during Mrs Zaut’s short residence .at St. Ann’s, was the departure of her brother-in-law that morning for London. He had been called away for a few hours by business; his housekeeper expected that he would return in time for diuner. As to his conduct towards Mrs Zant, he was not only as attentive as ever—he was almost oppressively affectionate in his lan guage and manner. There was no service that a man could render which ho had not eagerly offered to her. He declared that he already perceived an improvement in her health; he congratulated her on having de cided to stay in his house; and (as a proof, perhaps, of his sincerity) he had repeatedly pressed her hand. “ Have you any idea what all this means?” she said simply. Mr Rayburn kept his idea to himself. He professed ignorance; and asked next what sort of person the housekeeper was. Mrs Zmt shook her head ominously. “ Such a strange creature,” she said, “and in the habit of taking such liberties, that I begin to be afraid she is a little crazy.” “Is she an old woman?” “No—only middle-aged. This morning, after her master had left the house, she actually asked me what I thought of my brother-in-law ! I told her, as coldly as possible, that I thought he was very kind. She was quite insensible to the tone in which I had spoken; she went on from bad to worse. 1 Do vou call him the sort of man who would take the fancy of a young woman ?’ was her next question. She actually’ looked at me (I might have been wrong; and I hope I was) as if the 1 young woman’ she had in her mind was myself ! 1 said, ‘ I don't think of such tilings, and I don’t talk about them.’ Still, she was not in the least discouraged; she made a personal remark next: * Excuse me —but you do look wretchedly pale.’ Itiiought she seemed to enjoy’ tile defect in my' com plexion;! really believe it raised me in her estimation. She invited me to go downstairs with her, and look at the master’s workshop. Tiie place was a puzzle to her—and she would like to have my’ opinion on it. ‘ He mixes things in his workshop,’ she said—‘ I mean things that he powders and things that he boils. Sometimes they burst and make a noise; and, sometimes they’ hiss and make a smell. Poisons, I dare say’. Come and have a look at the place; I know where he keeps the key.’ Of course I refused. She was just as friendly and familiar as ever. ‘ AVe shall get on better in time,’ she said; ‘l’m beginning to like you,’ She walked out humming a tune. Don’t you agree with me ? Don’t you think she’s crazy ?” “I think you were quite right not to ac company her to the scone of her master's chemical experiments. Docs she look as if she might have been a pretty’ woman at one time of her life ?” “Not the sort of pretty woman whomlad mirc ! ’ Mr Rayburn smiled. “ I was thinking,” he resumed, ■“ that this person’s odd con duct may perhaps be accounted for. She is probably jealous of any young lady who is invited to her master’s house —and (till she noticed y’our complexion) she began by’ being jealous of you.” Inuocentlv at a loss to understand how she could became au object of the housekeepei's jealousv, Mrs Zmt looked at Mr Rayburn iu astonishment. Before she could give ex pression to her feeling of surprise there was an interruption—a welcome interruption. A waiter entered the room, and announced a visitor, described as “ a gentleman. ' Mrs Zant atouce rose to retire. “Who is the gentleman?'’ Mr Rayburn asked—detaining Mrs Zant as he spoke. A voice which they both recognised answered gaily from the outer side of the door “ A friend from London.” X. >• Welcome to St. Ann’s!” cried Mr John Zmt. “ I knew that you were expected my dear sir, and I took my chance of finding you at the hotel.” He turned to Ids sister in-law and kissed her hand with ail eluoorate "ullantry worthy of Sir Charles Gramlison himself. *’ When I reached home, my dear, and beard that you had gone out, I guessed that your object was to receive our excellent friend. You have not felt lonely while I have been away? .Hints right! thats light.” lie looked towards the balcony, ami discovered Lucy at the open wimlow, staring at tile magnificent stranger. “ Your little daughter, Mr Riyburn? Dear child. Come and kiss me.” Lucy answered in one positive word— ‘No.” Mr John Zant advanced to the window, smiling superbly. “.Show me your doll, darling,” lie said. “ Sit on my knee.” Lucy answeied in two positive words:— “I won’t.” lie father approached the window to ad minister the necessary reproof. Mr John Z int interfered iu the cause of mercy with his best grace. He held up his bauds iu meek entreaty. “ Dear Mr Rayburn! The fairies are sometimes shy’: and this little fairy doesn’t take to strangers at first sight. Dear child! All iu good time. And what slay do you make at St. Ann’s? May we hope that our poor nttactions will tempt you t) prolong your visit?” He put his flattering little question with an ease of manner which was rather too plainly assumed; and he looked at Mr Ray burn with a watchfulness which appeared to attach undue importance to tiie reply. When he said—“ What stay do you make at St. Ann's ?” did he really mean—“ How soon do you leave us?” Mr Rayburn answered cautiously, that his stay at the seaside would depend on circumstances. Mr John Zant looked at his sister-in-law, sitting silent iu a corner with Lucy on her lap. “Exert .y’our attractions,” he said; “make the cir cumstances agreeable to our good fiicnd. Will you dine with us to-day, iny dear sir, and bring your little fairy with, you ? ’ Lucy was far from receiving this compli mentary allusion iu the spirit iu which it had been offered. “I’m not a fairy,” she declared. “I’m a child.” “ And a naughty child,” her father added, with all the severity that he could assue. “ I can’t help it, papa; the man with the big beard puts me out.” The mau with the big beard was amused— amiably, paternally, amused—by Lucy’s plain speaking. He repeated Ins invitation to dinner; and he did his best to look dis appointed when Mr Rayburn made the necessary excuses. . , “ Another day,” he said (without, how ever, fixing the day). “I think you will find my house comfortable. _ My experi ments, when I amuse myself in that way, seldom offend the uostrils of visitors; aud my housekeeper may perhaps be eccentric— but in all essentials a woman in a thousand. Do you feel the change from Loudon already? Our air at St. Ann’s is really worthy of its reputation. Invalids who come here are cured as if by magic. What do you think of Mrs Zaut ? How does she look ?” Mr Rayburn was evidently expected to say that she looked better. He said it. Mr Jolm Zanfc seeined to have anticipated a stronger expression of opinion. “Surprisingly better 4 .'’ lie pronounced. “Infinitely better! We ought both to be grateful. Pray believe that we an grate ful.” “If you mean grateful tome,” Mr Ray burn remarked, “I don’t quite understand “You don’t quite understand? Is it possible that you have forgotten our conver sation when I first had the honor of receiv ing you. Look at Mrs Zant again.” Mr Rayburn looked; and Mrs Zaut’s brother-in-law explained himself. “ You notice the return of her color, the healthy brightness of her eyes. (No, my dear, I am not payiugyou idle compilmen!*; lam stating plain facts). For that happy result, Mr Rayburn, we ate indebted to You.” “Surely not!” “ Surely, yes! It was at your valuable suggestion that I thought of inviting my sister-in-law to visit me at St. Ann’s. Ah, you remember it now. Forgive me if I look at my watch: the diuner hour is on my mind. Not, as your dear little daughter there seems to think, because I am greedy, but because I am always punctual, in justice to the cook. Shall we see you to-morrow? Call early, and you will find us at home.” He gave Mrs Zant his arm, and bowed and smiled, and kissed his hand to Lucy, and left the room. Thinking over the inter view at the hotel in London, Mr Rayburn now understood John Zant’s object (on that occasion) in assuming "the character of a helpless man in need of a sensible sugges tion. If Mrs Zant’s residence under his roof became associated with evil consequences, he could declare that she would never have entered the house but for Mr Rayburn’s ad vice. With the next day came the hateful neces sity of returning this man’s visit. Mr Ray burn was placed between two alternatives. In Mrs Z-int’s interest he must remain, no matter at what sacrifice of his own inclina tions, on good terms with her brother-in-law —or he must return to London, and leave the pool woman to her fate. His choice, it is needless to saj’, w.as never a matter of doubt. He called at the house, and did his innocent best—without in the least deceiv ing Mr John Zant—to make himself agree able during the short duration of his visit. Descending the stairs on his way out, accom panied by Mrs Zmt, he was surprised to see a middle-aged woman in the hall, who looked as if she was waiting there expressly to attract attention. “ The housekeeper,” Mrs Zant whispered. “Shu is impudent enough to try to make acquaintance with you ” This was exactly what the housekeeper was waiting in the hail to do. “I hope you like our watering-place, sir,” she began. “If I can be of service to you, pray command me. Any friend of this lady has a claim on me —and yon are an old friend, no doubt. 1 am only the housekeeper; but I presume to take a sincere interest in Mrs Zant; and I am indeed glad to see you here. We none of us know —do we ? —how soon we may want a friend. No ollence, I hope? Thank you, sir. Good morning.” There was nothing in the woman’s eyes which indicated an unsettled mind; nothing in the appearance of her lips which suggested habits of intoxication. That her strange outburst of familiarity proceeded from some strong motive seemed to be more than pro bable. Flitting together what Mrs Zant had already told him, and what lie had him self observed, Mr Rayburn was inclined to believe that the motive might be found in the housekeeper’s jealousy of her master. (To be continued.) 