SAVED BY THEIR FRECKLES. Hy sister Kate and I were very nearly of an age, but we were not alike in any way except that we were both tall, and both had freckles I These troubled us, and many wera the experiments we tried to remove from our faces the objectionable effects of the open-air life we led. To one of these experiments we owed a great deal-perhaps life itself. Father was a farmer, and we lived nine 1 miles from the county town. Of course we saw little company, and should have been somewhat lonely but for our books and pets among the horses, calves, and poultry. Mother was a systematic and careful house- keeper, and BO engrossed in her kitchen and j dairy duties that she seldom made calls on her neighbours, and never went to town unless j she was obliged to do so. She was, therefore, a little annoyed when father said at breakfast on« morning that she must accompany him to W--that day. Nevertheless, she got ready after a little I demur, and took ber seat in the dog-cart an hour later, with an air of resignation that ] made us all smile. " We shall be home by six o'clock, girls," she said, " and you can have supper all ready. Don't set the house on Gre, ana be sure to skim the right milk." ' i We had the beds to make, the breakfast j dishes to wash, and the whole house to put in order; so we were as busy as bees nntil twelve o'clock, and hod no 'time to think of being lonely. But we found the afternoon quite long, and I was beginning to feel that it would be pleasant to see mother's face again when a newspaper caught my eye that I had placed behind the clock on the kitchen mantel. Thia turned my thoughts Into a different channel. j "Kate," I taid, "suppose we make some j of that complexion compound we read about j the other day ? We Bball never get a better opportunity. Mother may not be away again for weeke. I " By all means," said Kate. " When I j looked in the glass this morning, it seemed to me that my freckles were thicker than ever." " My face is the colour of the gravel path, and I almost bate to look at it. If there is a remedy, I would give all my pocket-money ti j obtain it. Let's look over the prescription io the paper. Herc it is : " ' Ladies who are troubled with freckles ¡ will be glad to learn that a few applications of a mixture of glycerine, cascarilla powder, tar, lemon juice, and olive oil will effectually remove them, and leave the skin soft, smooth, and tinted like an infant's.' " " I'm willing to try it," said Kate. " But we ] haven't the ingredients 1" " Yes, we have," I answered ; for, un- known to lier, I had one day during the previous week, when father had taken me to town, obtained them from the druggist and the grocer. We were soon at the kitohen stove dili- gently mixing and stirring the decoction, and it was a sorry-looking mess when at last we took it from the Btove. We had, however, faith in its efficacy, and with great satisfaction we poured it into a large bottle which we hid behind the wardrobe in our room to await use at bed-time. While we were getting supper we were startled by a terrific peal of thunder, the fore- runner of one of the most violent storms that j ever raged in our district. For two hours the j rain poured in sheets, flooding the yard from the house to tho stable, and turning the little brook by the barn into a roaring river. The clock struck nine. " Don't you think we had better go to bed ?" said Kate, folding up her apron. " I do not think there is any uBe in our sitting up." ! " Mother will be dreadfully worried about us," I said, as we went upstairs. "There's nothing to ne afraid of," said Kate. " I should not be frightened if they stayed away ali night." n' With much laughter we got ont our big bottle of "complexion varnish," as Kate called it. Taking a piece of rag, we gave to our faces a thick coating, which resembled nothing else I bad ever seen before or have j seen since. " I suppose we shall have to sit up to let it dry in," I said, as I contemplated myself in j the glass. " It won't do for us to mia the pillow-cases." "I'm too tired to sit up," said Kate. " Why can't we make cloth masks S Where's that old pique cloth you were cutting up yesterday ?" I produced it from the lower ahe'f of the washstand, and the masks were soon made. They were simply long pieces ofwhite cloth reaching from the tops of our foreheads to the collars of our night-dresses, with small holes for the eyes and nostrils. We attached strings to them, and tied them on. " We look just like ghosts," said Kate, just before she blew out the light and jumped into bed. We both soon fell asleep. It inset have been near midnight when I was awakened by a noise in the dining-room, which was directly below the one we occupied. It sounded as if someone was moving about stealthily-or something, rather, for I decided at once that it was the dog. I waked Kate by giving her a vigorous punch in the hack. " Kate," I said, " we must have shut old Tieer up in the diuiug-room. Very likely he hid in the cupboard when the storm came on, and fell asleep there. We must go down and let him out." " Haven't father and mother come !" asked Kate, sleepily. "I think not," Ianswered; "I haven't heard them." We did not stop to put on our shoes or light a candle, but stole down just as we were, and entered the sitting-room, which communicated with the dining-room by a folding door. Advancing to this door, we Çushed it open, expecting to be greeted by 'ice's familiar whine. What was our surprise ana horror to see the back of one man in the cupboard directly opposite us, and another busily engaged by the light of a lantern in preparing to take the silver and linen from the dining- table, in what seemed to be a stout canvas bag. Paralysed with fear, we stood in the door- way, not ablo to speak or stir, scarcely to breathe. The sound made by the opening of the door, however, caused the man at the table to look up. For one moment be gazed at us with dropped jaw, sud eyes almost starting from their sockets, then, giving a yell which might have been heard half a-mile off, he let fall the silver he was holding, and with one bound was out of the open window. His companion, startled by his outcry, rushed out of the cupboard in alarm. Pen could not describe his abject terror, as his eyes fell on us, and his yell as he sprung I toward the window was even louder than that which had been given by bis com- j breathing, as they both rushed away in the darkness. For a moment I was at a loss to account for their strange terror ; but a glance at Kate made it clear. In our long white night dresses sod white masks we certainly looked like veritable ghosts. Burglars are naturally nervous, and these men, I am sure, supposed we were un- quiet spirits come from the graveyard not far away, to rebuke them for the crime in which they were engaged. We spent the rest of the night in a state of nervous terror, which made us heartily glad when at eight o'clock we heard the sound of wheels, and saw our parents drive up to the door. Owing to the washing away of a bridge, they had been unable to get home the pre- vious night, and had accepted the hospitality of a farmer living near W-, who had pro- vided them with supper and a bed. " And we were in such a hurry to find out if you girls were all right that we came off before breakfast," said father, " Did you miss I ns! Were yon frightened ?" Thea, with shuddering and tears, we told our story, and were alternately kissed and and cried orer fay mother, who declared that never, serer would she leave us alone again. As to that " complexion varnish," one ap- plication showed no favourable results, snd we never felt like trying it again. 