"€SIR" ROBERT AGAIN. IT is difficult to get away from Sir I?0nEnT WVIsDO0-. As plain Mr. WeIsDo?:, the member for Morpeth, we heard of him occasionally as some times creating a scene in the Assembly, and once as engaging in a bout at fisticuffs while cndeavouring to .thrust Free-trade principles ei et ernis down the throat of Mir. Diven BucHAAIv. The unwholesome prominence given him by Sir iEcrvY PAnxxcs, who got rid of him by send ing him to England as co- ambassador with Sir PxrRnCK JENNINes, subsided because at the .Imperial Conference, so far as we learned by cable, he resembled the ghost, who, according to the poet, "looked not, and spoke not, and that's all he ,'aid." We thought the ghost of Sir eIo3EnT was "laid" and we should not be troubled with him until he returned to give an account of his stewardship, or butler ship, or loblollyboyship, to SIx ENEnEE. But we were mistaken. The bellicoso instincts of the new knight were not to be suppressed. Sir ?n?'RT, in the absence of his fellow knight Sir PATmrcr, responded to the toast of "The ColOnies" at a Fair Trade banquet in London. It may be that Sir Pxrncsr, being a Freetrader converted to Protection, who had run away from his own party at the in stance of the leader of the other party, pleaded a cold or a field to plough anything to get away from the'embar rassingsituation. Anyhow, Sir±rTnrcsr JEN?INS did not turn up, but Sir RnoEnRT VIsDO did ; and aecordlingto all accounts his slhirt sleeves wmere turned up as well. He looked round with the air of the man at the Irish meeting, who begged to differ from the last speaker or any other speaker, and asked if there was anybody who wanted to win him orer to Fair Trade. On such occasions, parties 'attending' are supposed'to be in accord with the people who pay the-shot; and if they differ from the' glorious principles laid down by the toast 'givers, they hold their tongues or express their dissent in language as polite and agreeable as they can command, because there is always a waiter at hand to bring their hat, overcoat,, and sticlk, if they don't like what is going on. But Sir R0oIERT WVISDO0f is not built that way. 'He must: have a slap at Fair Trade, 'which, to put it mildly, is not . so damnable as Protection,. and he kept thetable in a roar. : Had it been a meeting' to con-. sider iherelative merits of the two, or rather three, doctlines,' he might fairly have dissented from the speakers; but' under the 'circum stances we can imagine that the' running" commentary of 'interruption from people who paid their good money to enjoy themselves, and were annoyed by a vulgarian from the antipodes, would :take some such shape as the following --?" Oh, excuse him, ho's. only from. 'Australia; "Give him rop ' enough," etc. At any rate, it is evident that our "second ambassador" showed the worst possible? taste, and on this occasion, as he has on others, only opened his mouth ta put his foot in it. 