DOGS AND GHOSTS.. A gentleman named Romaties has been anxious to find out whether.dogs. are believers in ghosts and'spiritualism, and has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a know ledge of which the world is indebted to the Netw York Time.. Mr. Romanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone; indl this, the critic says of him, "is'alone sufficient to show the heartless and irreverent character of the man. If there is. anything which a dog, holds peculiarly scared,-it is a" bone. A terrier will submit to be deluddd by' false ropie·enitatidn that thre'i are eligible gats in the col-pctlttlc.ior that the piano is full of ra:lt but be fSuls that, bones are too scared to be'nimad the subject of jest;'" :4Mr Romaihes, however, took' the bone, and "tied around it a thin' silken thread, and, just as the little Scotch terrier with which his investigations were con ducted was in the act of seizing it, his master slowly drew it away. The poor dog regarded the moving bone with an amazement which found ex pression in erect ears and a -ail gradually thrust between's his'h ind legs, and, becoming convinced,; i'Mr. Romanes supposes, that it'was but thec ghost of a bone, incontinently tled, howling dismally. On the 'whole,the New. York Timces considers 'ihat"tho dog behaved much more sensibly than many mnen would have done under a similar belief. "In all probability," the journal says,. "had Mr. lomanes ever seen a piece, of roast beef inthe act. of cruising unassisted around!the table, he would instantly have asked it preposterous questions, and would subsequently have let:his hair grow long,: and have become a confirmed spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these things,:; but, .nssoon.: as hbe decided that he had seen aispirithal bone, he refused to. have;ýanytliing more .to do with it, and continued to wear the hair of the usual length, and to clingto that faith in which he was educated." Mr. Romanes was not-yet satisfied however. He took a pipe, got some soap and water, and began to blow bubbles along the floor. 'It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were nit a new kind of particularly dangerous rat, but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed. 'He tried, a second, .and 'it likewise vanished ; and' then, recollcctions'of the ghostly bone. overwheliing him again, hefled. Still Mr. Romanes' was not satisfied. He proceeded to "make faces" at his victim, and the grimaces he made were so hideously ugly that we are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost lie had oven .seen, whereupon he crept under .th.:sofa and tried to die. Lovers of ,dogs will sympathiso with the poor ilittlwstertidr, and,. if Mr. Rtomanes co:ntinue his investigations, will hardly regret to hear that he has had to deal witiha larger dog, which plrsues a more spirited policy with regard to ghosts. 