LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, April 15, 1887. Glorious spring weather—the first we have had so far—accompanied the Easter recess, and enabled holiday-makers to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The rail- tray traffic on Monday was heavier than has ever been known at this time of the year. To give yon some idea of the diffi culties our great lines have to cope with on such occasions 1 may mention that the Brighton Company alone dispatched 6G long Bpecial trains, most of which were dragged by two engines. The South western Company, in addition to its ordinary service, cent off 37 specials to Kempton Park and several to Windsor, as well as numerous relief trains to popular suburbs, like Hampton, Kew, and Rich mond. There were over 120,000 persona at Chingford (Epning Forest), 40,000 at the Crystal Palace, 100,000 on Hampatead Heath, and enormous crowds at Olympla, and the Albert and Alexandra Palaces. Notwithstanding *3"t wholesale exodus from the metropolis, " die masses" mus tered in wonderful force at the Anti coercion Demonstration in Hyde Park on Monday afternoon. Opinions differ as to the precise number present, butit probably exceeded 150,000 people. The crowd was wonderfully good tempered, thereby pre senting a marked contrast to the angry mob which made " Intimidation Monday" of 1884 so ominous. The only name really vigorously hissed was Mr. Chamberlain's. Enthusiasts groaned a little over Lord Hartington, and cheered uproariously whenever a speaker mentioned Gladstone, but references to Lord R. Churchill merely provoked laughter. Infinitely the most popular speaker was the irre pressible "Labby," who for the time being gleefully adopted the role of "people's tribune." He had arrayed himself appropriately enough in an old *? sack" coat and low-crowned " pot" hat, and looked for ail the world like a work ing man holiday-making. Mrs. Gladstone occupied the balcony of a house in Picca dilly, and in company with Lady Majori \- banks bowed greetings to each ?h?aring contingent as it passed along towards the park. The old lady has a rare spirit, even Conservatives admitted, for though the procession took over two hours inarching past she remained to the last and greeted the final sections as cheer fully and courteously as the first. By-the-bye, there has been a rare "to do" at Harrow over Mr. Gladstone* recent visit to the school. He went there it seems to chapeL Afterwards the boys were formed in two lines, and the veteran statesman and Mrs. Gladstone passed down between them. Hardly any of the young boors (so 'tis said) raised their hats. That was bad enough, but worse remains behind, for according to an eye-witness one little ruffian absolutely tried to im mortalise himself by throwing a glass of water at die ex-Premier. TheG.O.M. luckily saw what was coming and stepped aside, with the result that one of the masters received the intended compliment fall in his waistcoat. The most deplorable part of the story, however, is that the lad's conduct was not considered repre hensible by his mates. Gurrell has confessed to murdering bis sweetheart. He says he was under the influence of opium at the time, and has no notion why he committed the crime. Another dynamite scare fc" tafrwn possession of Scotland Yard, and the police protection of Westminster Palace and other public braidings adjacent has been doubled in consequence. The King of the Belgians occupied s seat in the gallery of the House of Com mons during the ?iimiisn?l discussion on the Crimes 80l last Tuesday week. Oa being Interrogated subsequently at to whether he had heard any debates, Us Majesty smilingly observed, "Jhl dcs bites ; oui, il y en avail plusieurs." Sir Owen Lanyon, who died the other day, was perhaps the most papular mem ber of the unpopular Wolaeley clique. His rise, though wall deserved, was rapid, and when after returning from Egypt full of honors he married the great beauty and heiress of the season (Miss Lawson), the goddess of good fortune seemed to hare little left to bestow on him. Alas! a year later his wife and infant son died suddenly and within a few days of one another. Then a slight affec tion of the throat began to trouble him. It seemed a mere spot, but Sir Owen thought perhaps he had better consult a specialist. "Can you bear the worstf asked Dr. Horell M?K>n?fa. ??£ can," was the brief reply. It proved to be malignant cancer of the tonsils, which Is practically incurable. At any rate it proved to be so in Sir Owen's case. When his doom became a certainty the gallant soldier bade farewell to bis friends and went off to America to die alone. Ristori, who is now living quietly in Borne, has just finished the first portion of her autobiography. It will be published in four languages simultaneously. Readers of the more serious WngU?h papers may remember a bitter contro versy on " The Priest in the Family," which raged for several weeks some sue months ago. It was started by a Captain Carlile, who complained in rather Im moderate language of the conduct of a Roman Catholic priest, who had broken up his home and ruined his Tnnrit^f happiness by secretly converting Mrs, Carlile. The priest defended himself fairly successfully, but the wrathful Carlile refused to be appeased, and pro* tested in moving terms against the in terference of Roman Catholic priests with Protestant families. We now read that Captain Carlile himself has just been " leceived into the church" by Cardinal Manning. The death of the Duchess of Norfolk, who succumbed to a painful complaint on Easter Monday, was no means unexpected. She had been in poor health for years, in fact, never should have married the duke, who has himself of poor physique. The match was strongly discountenanced both by the Howards and the Hastings, bat the young couple were deeply in lore and took their own way. The birth of the poor ' little deformed child known as Earl of Arundel and Surrey proved a terrible; shock to both. The duchess, indeed, never properly got over it. The duke, always as much monk as man, becama more of a recluse than ever, giving up his life almost entirely to mother church. He is said to be quite heart-broken over the duchess's death. Mr. Newdegate, whodiedlast week, was for many years a cognate and, on the whole, popular personage in Parliamen tary circles. He might have taken ? really good position but for one thing— he had "a bee in his bonnet." Roman Catholics were his abhorrence, and in every movement he distrusted (no matter what it was) he sniffed a Jesuit plot. This craze grew to such a pitch latterly that it became almost a mania. For example, Mr. Guildford Onslow secured MrT Newde gate's support for "Sir Roger," simply through persuading that rfiwnpfan of Protestantism that the Claimant was the victim of Jesuit machinations. Mr. Newdegate would always spend any amount of time or money to thwart a> Catholic or an atheist. It was as much his persistent "whipping" as anything else that kept Bradlaughoutof the House so long, and the news of that persistent persona ultimate fcrlntnph nearW broke bis heart. The Prince of Wales has been twice to the Haymarket Theatre in the hope of bolstering np Mrs. Brown-Potter and "Man and Wife," nevertheless the British public decline to follow suit. The play people pronounce dull, and the actress a failure. Mr.Beerbohm-Tree's forthcoming mana gerial venture at the Comedy Theatre ex cites unusual interest from the fact that "The Red Lamp" is said to be the first attempt at drama of a highly sucoessfnl novelist. The scene is laid entirely in, Russia, and we are promised an absolute. >eprodnction of "high life " in St Peters burg. Lady Monckton acts the part of a princess devoted to her husband and the Czar, but cursed with a brother who iB a mhflist. Good parts have also been found for Mr. Brookfield, Mr. Sugden, and Marion Terry. " Held by the Enemy," the new ftmyTJAanpUy a t the Princesses, has hitthe popular taste, and will probably run till XftM Grace Hawthorne takes over the bonce for " Theodora," which Sardou has promised to superintend personally. One of those little surprises which make ihe turf such a pleasant browsing ground for bookmakers signalised the last race at Kempton Park on bank holiday. There were only two starters, Mr. Starkey's well-known ''sprinter" Modiste (ridden by George Barrett) and an untried pri vately trained three-year-old called Rlpa, on whom a stable boy named Hobday bad bla first leg-up. The ring asked backers of Modiste for odds varying from 4 to 5 to 1, but so good a thing did it look for the mare that the price was freely laid. Mr. Starkey managed to get on about £5,000 to £1,000 altogether, and many of Ids friends also planged rather wildly. Their reelings may be conceived when the outsider, after'makiiigall the running, won in a canter by a couple of lengths. Need I say the ring yelled till they were hoarse. At Manchester on the same afternoon the victorious career of Mr, Craig's famous steeplechaser The Sinner was checked by Kilmeagne, an Irish colt of Beasley's. In this case, as at Kempton, there were only two starters, and long odds (20 to 1) were offered on the favorite. Owing, however, to the Beasleys not fancying KHmesgue very little money changed hands. How unlucky FuUerton was to lose the lincolnshire Handicap we learnt at New market on Tuesday, when Sir Geo. Chet wynd's hone walked home for the Craw ford Plato more than 12 lengths in front of anything else. Mr. Baird's Doubloon started favorite, but could not get near Fullerton, who is clearly very smart at a mile. In the three- year-old Biennial the famous "magpie" colors were seen out (for the first time since poor Archer's death) on Blanchland, by Maccaroon— Syringa. Lord Falmouth's colt met a fair field, including Jack o' Lantern, Devils hoof, Simonne, BeUsarius 11, and Roger the Monk, and won handsomely In Webb's hands. Blanchland is now backed for the Derby at 20 to 1. On 'Wednesday Fullerton gave us another taste of his quality by carrying II Ib. penalty successfully In the Babraham Plato (handicap) over the Rowley mile, beating Oberon (4 yrs., 7&t; 11 lb.), Canons More, Valentine, and Antonmia: Oberon was favorite, and seemed to have the race in hand at the bushes, but died away opposite the grand stand, leaving FuUerton to win rather easily by a length, Cambus More third. A fearsome legend is current just now In the villages surrounding .Newmarket Heath. Every night at 12 (so the story goes) the ghost of poor Fred Archer, wearing the Manton scarlet (in which he lost the Cambridgeshire) rides frantically across the heath mounted on a grey tho roughbred. Hundreds profess to have eeen the spectre, and any scepticism on this point is very ill- received. The Derby favorite The Baron, who by the way it may not be generally known in AnnfrraJia^ belongs to Mi*- Bnxdett Contts, won the Craven Stakes easily on Thursday afternoon beating Mr. Porter's Kingsdexe. The Baron is now freely backed for the big event at Eosom at 3 toL ' Lord Lyon, who won the 2,000 guineas, Oaks, and Leger of 1806, died at Croft stud .on Easter Monday. He was not a> great success as a sire, the best of his numerous progeny being Minting, Pla dda, Touchet, Poursuivant, and Biserta. The novels most asked for at the libraries just now are Black's "Sabina Tembra" and Edna Lyall's "Knight Errant." The latter, though not so good v "We Two" or "Donovan," well deserves to be widely read. The hero is a young Italian named Cado Donati, who In order to watch over a weak and frivolous sister's morals gives up boia fortune and his lady-love, and embraces the (to him) distasteful career of an opera singer. The common —"" of t-h** pro ceeding is rightly questioned by almost every personage in she book. One can not, however, help admiring Donati's character, which Miss Lyall has drawn with true artistic touch. Coarse, cynical, repulsive, and yet, in all probability, horribly true, is the verdict which most people will pass on "Dr. Phillips," a realistic study of middle- clas? life amongst the Jews, which has created a big stir both in Christian said Hebraic circles, and now sells like wild-fire. The writer gives his name as ?'Frank Danby,"butunle?sthat gentleman and Me. Geo. Moore, of "Mummer's Wife" notoriety, prove to be identical presently I shall be surprised. Dr. Phillips is a popular Jewish doctor, who, nevertheless, rather despises Jews. He plays upon their various little weaknesses and >""wm frimy>lf by introducing to hi* wife and her set as s widow, a girl who is really ms mistress. Of this woman he even tually grows so fatuously fond that he kills his wife with an injection of morphia inordertomarryher. The woman, unfortu nately, has never really cared for him, and when the miserable man is malring the culminating sacrifice for her sake, positively hates him. The story ends in s young and perfectly unblemished Chris tian gentleman marrying thn female fiend ???d carrying her off in triumph.. The doctor at first contemplates shooting him self, but thinks better of the resolve, and finds consolation in the black eyes and caresses of a trim little parlor-maid. The only rainfall registered daring the 21 hours vndisg at 9 a.m. on Saturday, May 21, w?b atQueenadiffe, where o*o2o inch felL The htstaUatica of Bro. W. J. Sowden as W.M. of Leopold Lodge No. 31, S. A-C, took place, ob Thursday evening in the presence of one of the largest gatherings of the Masonic craft sent in Adelaide for some time, including the W.M. and officers of United Service. Leinster, Adelaide, 8t Andrew's, Holdfast, and Unity Ijodges, and a Urge number of visiting brethren front various parts. The ceremony of installation was performed by P.M. Bro. W. Cate, Jan., G.D.D.C., and the W.M. appointed and invested the following brethren ai his officers for the ensuing year :—S.W., Bro. W. Bnrnet: J.W., Bro. J. P. Jones; chaplain, Bro. Rev. S. Lenton; treasurer, Bro. J. Boace; secretary, Bro. T. L. Sykes; S.D., Bro. J. S. O'Allan; JJX.Bro. G. Bond; D.C.. P.M. Bro. J. G. Jenkins, M.P.; Z.G., Bro. T. Kast: stewards. Bro. 3. Boase, jnn., Bro. M. Wilfcs, Bro. J. McClODghry, and Bro. G. Boase; tyler, P.M. Bro. N. EBdaeL After the investiture the W.M.. on behalf of the lodge, presented P.M. Bro. Gate with a large and valuable P.M'a jewel aa a token of esteem from the brethren, ?t the same time congratulating him upon the eocces?irith which be had filled his office, to which Bro. Gate responded. After the lodge ?was closed a large nmtbcr sat down to sapper in tile banqueting hall, where the usual Masonic and other toasts were duly honored. The yew just closed has been a prosperous one for Leopoifl Lodge, and tins and also the very large attendance of visitors and others may be taken saw indication that although the prin ciple upon which the lodge ia founded is different from tint of all others in the colcny, in that all its banquets are conducted on tem perance lines, yet this principle is very favorably viewed by the craft in general. £&\- Footballs, best match, price 12s. 6d.; posted, ISs. Zd. Cricketwaie, large and choice ?election. La-wn Tennis, Balls. Nets, and Eacquete.—E, S. Wigg & Son, E indle-street i*9oaicx99c Bodfly health and vigor may be maintained ?s easily in the heat of summer as ia the winter months, if the blood is Durified aai vita'iwd with AVer's SaesanarilU. Eirery perpon ?ho has used this remedy has been gteat'y benefited. Take it this month. 43?iu147x148 ?T THE CFBKAT DOIfEST O OTVESTION OW TBE I>AY.—Kennedys Star Brand tStucfa Olose, the ls,vr<iMMf? True Friend, for Shirt Fronts, Oats, ud CWisni, fa!., giwgpeariy Glass and Eeauttfoi nakb tr all Starched labrics. Packets, Sd.; Boxes, fld. F<-M hj aB Kncen and ObcmirtH—W. Qulnu. Sole Froprietor, Windsor, TlctorU. P. F*lk & Co.. Asrenta. 