SURVIVALS OF SUPERSTITION. [3y a COMSIST of 1839. ] Even iu this so-called material and scientific age there are some survivals of what ia commonly recognised as superstition even by the firmest believers in the supernatural aa to the foundations of our faith. Some of these are graceful End harmlo£F, playing round subjects and objects that cnce inspired real fear and demanded propitiatory sacrifice aud ofierittgs. Such are tha innumerable fairy tales and legends, which with more or less of modern idea3 and sentiments woven into them to delight our children, and which to ail grown people who are child-lovers ara not without charm. These tales change a great oeal in complexion according tu the temperament and the enlightenment of the people among whom thf-y are current. Among lofiv hills and inistB like those of the Scottish Highlands they are shadowy and sad; ia the wide steppes of Russia, and the treeless plains of Central Europe they are profoundly melancholy ; tricksey ana capricious in bonnie England, green Ireland, and fair France, but the tales are in their structure similar. The bulk of our old nursery fairy tales are found in the folk-lore of all the Aryan races, from their home in India to the ultima tkule. "Cinderella," "Beauty and the Beast," "Jack the Giant-killer," and their congeners appear with variations everywhere. 1 have several times pointed out in these columns that these tales in their original form were not meant for children at all, but had for their subjects marriageable youths and maidens, and were told over winter fires and in summer twilight to assemblies of grown men and women, and only accidentally communicated to children, though now, when men and women have put away such childish things, the youngsters have inherited that portion of their cast-off mental clothing. When the faity tales assumed literary shape, it was again to the courtly lords and ladies of the French and Spanish and Italian Courts that they were addressed, and many touches were put in which smacked of the etiquette and splendour, and also of the cynicism of Kings' palaces. The modern idea of a fairy is of a beneficent being with great though limited powers, ready to help the innocent and the oppressed, the cruellv-used stepdaughter, the despised youngest son, and generally to fill the hungry with good things at the expense of the rich, not only sent empty away, but generally despoiled of that which he had. The original idea cf fairies in the ages of faith, when they were really believed in, was of powerful beings capricious in their favours, easily offended, and when offended revengeful and implacable. The common phrase "good people" was not applied to them, because there was not any confidence felt in their goodness or beneficence, but in order to propitiate their favour. One sees in many languages inanimate things and living beings supposed to be unlucky and malificent, called by similar flattering names iu order to avert the evil consequences that might ensue if they ware more frankly dealt with. 80 long as fairies were thoroughly believed in they were feared. In all their shapes of fairy, pixie, nixie, gnome, banshee, <£c., they brought more mischief than good. If in the pretty tales of our childhood there is a good fairy she has enough to do to counteract the maledictions of the evil disposed. Moreover, almost all the good gifts were handicapped by conditions which neutralized or of ten reversed their benefits. Witness the illusory nature of the gratification of the Three Wishes resulting in a supper or black pudding, and the exchange between the old Queen and the peasant girl. Ia almost all instances, human curiosity, which after all is our most powerful engine cf progress, was one of the things most fatal to fairy gifts. Man bad to accept the fitful boon unreasoning, unquestioning, unenquiring, for the least doubt or investigation was fatal to its continuance. The fairy ring though unseen could not be crossed inadvertently by a human being without terrible penalties. The fairy was never believed to have immortality, but had life immeasureably longer than the human being on whom the doubtful bocn of eternal weal or woe was bestowed. The stories of fairies giving up their long life for an immortal soul are to the best of my belief all modern. The ages of faith did not originate such bargains, though we see many bargains made the other way. The human being was often said to give up his immortality for a life in fairyland, where it was offered, Here and there we see transformed and perhaps vulgarised into fairy tales the exploits of heroes and world deliverers from monsters, giants, and oppressors, and there is a general disposition in the fairy world to succour distress which they have not themselves called forth, but most of the stories are unmoral, and many of them are immoral. The idle and disobedient and lying " Jack of the Beanstalk" is rewarded with wealth and honour. Tiie prizes of life are generally given to the aelventurous and unscrupulous. All through these legends we see prominent the idea of unearned money, the spoils of giantls, the hoards of misers, the princesses or wealthy brides won by audacity and subtety. The modern fairy tale has generally a better moral than the old original myth. The fairy folk could generally not only tell what was passing at the ends of the habitable world, but had considerabla insight into the future. These warnings, like Cassandra's, were generally disregarded, and the neglect of precautions, as in tho case of the Sleeping Beauty's fatal spindle, caused the fulfilment. A Btill uglier phase of superstition, and one which entered far more into the daily life of the people, which in the ages of unquestioning faith was widely aud mischievously prevalent, was the belief in witchcraft. No belief caused such unjust, inquisitorial, and cruel persecution, or was carried oat with such pitilessness on the part of the general public. Witches had none of the graceful attributes of the fairy, few indeed were the traditions of the white witch, or of anything but spiteful, crafty, and demoniac creatures, who had had immortal sculs, but who had sold them to Satan for what seemed a miserable consideration. They were generally ugly and poor, old, despised, and bated, but they were supposed to be enabled to work mischief on ail whom they disliked and to take deadly revenge for all slights and injuries. The only other pleasure they purchased waa the mysterious delight of the witches' Sabbath. Witches were supposed to know the distant present, as in the case of the first and second witches in " Macbeth," and even as in that of the third, to foretells the future. This was owing to the superior information they obtained from their master Satan. The universal belief in witchcraft, which waa supposed to be founded on passages of Holy Writ, and which was supported by the Statute-book, died out with the growth of knowledge and with the evolution of worthier ideas of the Divine government. The Bible is now read differently. The laws against witches fell into disuetude before they were formally expunged. Ghosts or disembodied spirits of those who had formerly lived on earth—as the French call them rweuants or returners— in former ages were believed in upon testimony which was supposed to be quite sufficient. The wide-spread belief in such appearances have been so strongly associated with the faith in revealed religion, that many people are disposed to regret the decay ot even Buperutittowi faith in thirtrs unseen or Jimly perceived aad ppiritualiy discerned. Ghosts still took an intercut in the families to which they belorgcd, a lid would appear to inform 1- tion of crimes coi.ecaied, and of maUors hidden till then which concerned such families ; tko?y would w;irn of death &nd; niisfortmies, could tell of deaths or Cfifaslrophbs at a distance at the very tiiiie suet t'hirjgs happened, and even ha-: a limited insight into the future, whenee derirrd btiir.'g dou'oiful. The etciMid bight so strongly believed in the Highlands was a gift to a living man, and it had to do with the distant present, time, even with the near future. Tiie waruingi of the seer, however, appear io have been always alighted, as in the ir;\diti<n of LocheiJ, who was warned of the disasters of Cullnden, when on his way to join the Young Pretender's standard.. Revelation by dreams have also been supposed to have the nature cf prophecy, but among the millions of dreauis which are dreamed daily, even the small number recorded as verified want better and mora irrefragable evidence. When superstions cease to be believed in they become all the more available for literature. Amid the somewhat fiat fiction fields of the present day the number of book3 dealing with the supernatural is very great. George Macdcnsld, Wilkie Collins, Lytton Bulwer, Marion Crawford, are only a few among the many, and tbe ghost, the dream, the seer, do duty in many novels and romances. The supernatural is introduced with a difference from the old treatment seen in the Witches of Macbeth, and the Ghost in Hamlet. They are more akin to the modern phase of the supernatural, which has a scientific and natural basis. Modern science has indeed discovered many marvels in the material world, and essays to carry its investigations into the spiritual, or, as some prefer to call it, the pejchicat wcrid And there are certainly many unexplained phenomena handed down by tradition from the past as well as actually manifested to us now that are worthy objects of scientific investigation. Such are the extent and the limits of mesmeric influence and of what is commonly called clairvoyance, which would in earlier ages have been unhesitatingly set down to Satanic agency—the faithhealir.g, the mind-reading, the double consciousness of hypnotic patients, the mysteries of dreams and of insanity, the conditions of trance and vision, the curious occultism of the cradle of our race, India, are now the subjects of scientific psychical research. Mr. F. W.Meyers, Mr. Edmund Mudy, Mr. Gurney, and Mr. Alfred Wallace may be considered as the representative leaders in this enquiry. The book published under the auspices of this Society, entitled " Phantasms of the Living," contains 702 examples of secondsight, dream or vision announcing events taking place at a distance at the same time, which are brought forward as sufficiently attested for belief. Mr. Taylor Innes, however, in the Nineteenth Century for August last, asks, " Where are the letters ?" with their postmarks to verify the fact that the letters crossed each other, one telling the dream or vision, the other telling of the event. This would have proved that the death of a son in India waB revealed in England before news could have arrived, but in no single instance have these letters been obtained. Tbe evidence that the dream revealed the contemporaneous fact is therefore not sufficient for a Judge or Jury, and therefore insufficient for the unprejudiced scientific mind. Contem-' poraneouB knowledge, however, comes under a very different category from prophecy. The Society for Psychical Research do not seek to show that things in the womb of Time have been communicated by supernatural means—they only aim at proving that spirit can communicate with spirit independent of the body, and that under certain perhaps rare conditions space forms no obstacle to the 1 contact. Some occult law underlies the undoubted communications during mesmeric trance of whatever is in the mind of the opsrator and even in the minds of th& bystanders, and this law might possibly be extended more widely. It is mainly as a protest against the growing materialism of the age that this Society enquires and publishes the results of enquiry I which Mr. Taylor Innes considers a3 inconclusive. Proof that the soul can act cut | ! of the body is earnestly desired. This, it ' may be said, is sufficiently proved by j dreams; but in dreams the soul acts so foolishly and ineffectually, the memory is so treacherous and erroneous, the slow and painful acquisition of years being absolutely forgotten, and the moral sense rarely if ever restraining from actions which shock us "when we wake, that one would say from this side of evidence that the soul needs the body to keep it sane and sober, just and decent. In cases of mesmeric tranze and clairvoyance we see that the soul takes strange flights ; but it appears to work entirely under direction or impulse from some soul enshrined in another body. The clairvoyant seems to be able to see what is in the mind of the operator or of any one present to whom the operator directs him; but as in the case of the number of the bank-note enclosed in an envelope, what is unknown to all present is a sealed book also to the clairvoyant. Nor does the clairvoyant attempt to prophecy, and when he does he fails. An instance which came under my immediate knowledge is so much in point that though it is not a new story 1 venture to give it. An eminent practitioner in Melbourne, who has been dead for many years, was a firm believer in mesmerism and clairvoyance, and in all cases in which the diagnosis puzzled him he sought the patient's consent to consult his clairvoyante, a neuralgic or neurotic patient who was very much benefited by mesmerism. The ordinary patients had a strong idea that the doctor himself had a shrewd suspicion of what really ailed them, which was communicated to the medium, but, however that might be, whatever the medium said the doctor believed, and his treatment thereafter was vigorous and almost always successful. At the time when he was most actively engaged in this way, the long search for Sir John Franklin was being carried on, and as he possessed a letter of the explorer's he put it in the hand of first one, then another, and after that of a third clairvoyante, who all identified and described the writer and his hardships, but who all agreed that the lost Arctic hero would arrive in England but would survive his return to his home and friends only a few days. What the doctor knew himself of the appearance and history of Sir John Franklin was correctly reflected by the three clairvoyantes : when he was ignorant they were equally so, and their prediction as to his safe return—which, as it was not contemporaneous, the muchbelieving doctor held to be a prophecy— was uttered when he lay amid the snow and ice of the desolate Arctic regions. Nevertheless, how the clairvoyantes, without word spoken or sign given, could go so far, eould describe the sex, age, appearance, and ailments of each patient, and in the casd given, of the Arctic explorer, is indeed a worthy and interesting subjcct for psychical research. Although the only remainder of tho laws against Tritchcs that is l«ft on the Statute-book is against fortune-tellers and impostors who profess to find stolen goods and extort money 011 similar false pretences, we hear of very few prosecutions of the soit, for the people who consult fortune-tellers are «reneral!y too much ashamed of their folly when they find themselves duped to make it public, but there is no doubt that there still exist a considerable number of such impestora in the world. One would think that the Australian Colonies were as free from vulg ir superetitiona as any communities in tta world, • . ' , and that Melbourne Jfkh i's ua!vora* j education, itskeeiiititi'liectnii life, its j Press, at;d its worthily iiputpits, | would have been ik; lh!-l f r f-jrtune- IciltTE. Who then arc the customers t>» whom the constant. advorcisoiu« , i» , -3 «>f futurists in tho Mtloyjrno vcnin-j Herald are addrcseed ? Are :h?y the townfolk, «r thi country i.ni'.sin, or the intercolonial vlsit-uru ? W-; d.i Uf,t see these notices in i.tie mornilip; <r the weekly paper*, bar. t'ui^, the \ afternoon paper, baa always nine or ; ten and List week had no h:Si than • fourteen sc-nnrate advertisements of j women who call tbeniseh-e.i futurists. i The names are probably raos'ly aparini?, : but the addresses ara genuine. When they condescend on terms they ar.> always higher for the nobler sex—5a. y.;titl<»men, 2s. Gd. ladies ; 2i. gentlemen, Is. ladieB There aio one or two mulo professors who will tell you what you ara fit for by phrenology, or cal.graphy, or physiognomy, but thsse do not deal in prophecy. We have counted sixteen in all of habitual female advertisers, and there are no doubt many mere who carry on business at less expense. Most of tlie ladies profess to tell the past, the present, and the future, and all of them to reveal what people are most eager to know — the f uture. Most of their customers will be women, and the chief subject of prophecy—tbe prospects of love and matrimony. We should not be surprised if men would risk 2s. or 5s. to get a tip for the Cup, or other events, on the cvo of the races, for gamblers are always more or leso superstitious. That the future, which has been so mercifully slirowded from our eyes, and emphatically declarc-d on the highest authority to be in the sole possession of the Creator of the universe, should be • rpen to ignorant, vulgar women to bs sold iu shillingworths to their believing or unbelieving customers, is too monstrous to be seriously believed. Probably not the | tenth part of those who consult these : wise women have any real faith, many go to them out of idle curiosity, many out cf bravado, many because they say it can do no harm. But I it does harm to encourage impostors even : with a single shilling, and it may do harm to ourselves, aa the following over-true tale may illustrate. A young friend of mine some twenty years aga met when on a visit a young man who paid his addresses to her, and • was accepted by her. The engagement vi as not approved by her parents or by his, and as he was of a jealous and bad temper a quarrel arose, and for these gocd and sufficient reasons the engagements was broken off. The young man pursued his calling at a distance; the girl was sent abroad for a long visit. Two years passed before they met again. About eighteen months after the rapture the separated lovers each consulted a gipsy, not the same gipsy. They cught to have known better in their position and with their education. In each instance the prediction was commonplace enough—that there had been a quarrel with the true love, but it was all a misunderstanding, they would meet again, and be happily married. Both laughed at the prediction at the time, but still it had some effect, and when they met after the lapse of two years, and came to an understanding and carried out the marriage, it turned out the most miserable of marriages. The bad temper, which had showed itself even during courtship, grew worse and culminated in madness, and before the husband was put in confinement as a dangerous lunatic he had by threats and violence extorted from his wife and her parents all that was in their power, and left his wife with a family of young children to bring up by her own unaided exertions. 