Patmhial Intelliijena. '? ^ ^,',\ i ; ? ' ' - Babbabool Hills — At the invitation of the incumbent, the Eev G. Sproule, a ten days' mission was held at the beginning of Septem ber, in connection with Trinity Church, Barrabool Hills, by the Eev. W. G. Marsh, diocesan missioner Preparation, was made beforehand for about two months, by the distribution of letters of invitation to every parishioner, handbills to every house in , the district, and by prayer-meetings, specially organised choirs, and the use of such means trict is scattered, the services, instead of being confined to one place, were divided between Trinity Church, Ceres; St. John's Church, Highton; and the Temperance Hall, Ceres; thus placing the advan tages of the mission within reach of all, and the arrangements appeared to work well. As to the spiritual results of the effort, they are lcnown to the Searcher of all hearts; but the outward aspect was remarkable. The weather, except on the Sundays and on the two first days, was the' most inclement experienced for a long time, yet the people came night after night to the services, and on the last Sunday, in the afternoon ajnd evening, the church was completely filled by congregations who, by their close attention, seemed unwilling to lose a word of the solemn exhortations of the missioner. ? The services were exceedingly simple ; rio efforts beyond the earnest pleadings of the preacher were relied upon, nor apparently were they required. The Book of Cbmmon ' Prayer, the ordinary. Church hymns, with occasional use of the Eev.' Hay Aitken's Mission Service Book, supplied the outward form of worship, and we believe this course tended much to promote the quiet reverence and solemnity which so markedly characterised this mission. At the closing services thanksgiving offertories were accepted, and so freely* given that, notwithstanding the deterring influence of the weather on the attendance, after all expenses were paid the incumbent was able to send £6 to the Mission Fund. ' Clifton Hill. — The fourth annual meeting of St. Andrew's Cricket Glub (in connection with St. Andrew's Sunday-school) was held on 5th September, Mr. E. Coulson . in the chair, there being about forty ? members present. The secretary's report showed the club to be in a flourishing condition. The following officers were elected : — Patrons, W. G. Feild, M.L.A. (re-elected), Cr. E. Hall (re- elected); president, Eev. E. A. Thomas (re-elected fourth time); vice- presidents, Crs. Holgate, E. Walker, and Keele, and Messrs. W. Yates.E. Coulson, W. Brown, E. Bradshaw and T. Crowe ; secretary and treasurer, W. ' Brown; general committee, Messrs. M'Laughlin, T. Brown, Hardy, T. Lawler, E. Pattern, A. Oxford, W. Brown; match committee (cup team), F. Cheswas, M'Laughlin, W. Brown; match committee (club eleven), Hardie, Lawler, J. Aarons; cup delegate, W. Brown.. The prizes were presented during the evening : — E. Downs, silver chain and locket for best batting, cup team ; W. Haysom, silver medal, batting, cup matches, both presented by W. Brown; W. Brown, a silver watch, presented by W. Yates for bowline;, all matches ; T. Freeman, gold medal, presented by Mr. G. Feild, M.L.A., for batting, club eleven; G. White, medal 'for bowling, club eleven ; T. Tucker, silver chain and medal, presented by E. Bradshaw, bowling, all matches. The meeting passed a hearty vote of thanks to the prize-givers. — Clifton Hill Gazette. V Dandenong.— On Thursday, 25th August, St. James' Church was consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. It is somewhat unusual for a church to be consecrated during the existence of any liability in connection with the building fund, but in this case it was deemed inexpedient to postpone the consecration until the debt was paid, as a parish cannot elect ' parochial nominators' until that step has been taken. The Bishop, was accompanied by Mrs. Goe, and by Mr. W..E. Morris, deputy-registrar of the diocese, who had a part to. perform in the consecration service. The Bishop, with the Eev. W.!) C. PritcHardactingas his ?(jhaplain, wagt received/at the church door''; I — ? § by the incumbent (the Eev. E. A. Crawford), the deputy-registrar, | and the trustees of the church ; upon arrival at the chancel the | petition for consecration, together with the deed of grant of the site, |i was presented to the Bishop by the incumbent. Mr. Morris then read |1 aloud the petition ; and then the service commenced by the Bishop |] and clergy walking down the church and back again reciting the 24th ® Psalm. Then the Bishop repeated a short address, which was followed i by prayers asking for the divine blessing upon those 'who should be ll baptised; confirmed, should receive the Holy Communion, be married, I and worship in the church. Then the] sentence of consecration was ii read, and ordered to be registered in the Bishop's Registry. Morning | prayer followed, with suitable prayers, psalms, and lessons. Then I the Holy Communion was administered, the Bishop preaching a k sermon upon the text, 'I was glad when they said unto me, we will 1 go into the house of the Lord.' This gladness, the preacher said, I was threefold — (1) in the expression of our gratitude; (2) in com jj munion with Him; (3) and with our fellow Christians. There was I a large congregation, which entered heartily into the service, and a large number of communicants for a week-day service. I Heidelberg.— A lecture of' a very amusing and also instructive 1 character was delivered by the Eev. A. C. Yorke, of St. Mark's, 1 Fitzroy, in St. John's Hall, Heidelberg, on Wednesday, 21st Sep tember, to a most appreciative audience. The subject of the leoture S was. 'The Experiences of a Jackaroo,' in connection with which I much valuable information'was given about the climate, soil, resources, I &c;, of Queensland. The lecturer was repeatedly applauded, and at 1 the conclusion of his lecture, which occupied about two hours, I a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him, with the request that he would soon pay another visit to Heidelberg as a lecturer. : Moonbb Ponds.— A large audience assembled in the Friendly Societies' new hall on the 29th September to witness a magic lantern and entertainment. The president of the guild (Eev. John Caton) having stated the object of the movement, which is to obtain funds to purchase a new cabinet organ for the Sunday-school, the proceedings were opened by the choir (composed of the ladies of the guild and a I number of gentlemen who kindly assisted) singing Eimbault's I favourite glee, ' Hence, away with care,' which was nicely rendered. 1 The attention of all was then . directed to the views thrown out by I the biunialj some of which were very good. The well-known story, I 'Who killed Cock Eobin?' was shown, with musical effects; other I amusing and instructive views were exhibited on ' Life and Adven I tures among the Eskimo,' the snow and icebergs looking realistic. The choir relieved the ' canvas' by giving selections at intervals, one glee, 'Friendship,' being much applauded. The entertainment was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. The views, it may be mentioned, were shown by the Eev. John Caton, who. possesses a splendid biunial lantern, : which, to be seen to perfec tion, must be worked with the lime light. The guild, which consists 1 chiefly1 of the senior class of young ladies of the Sunday-school, held a social a short time ago, which was a great success, as may be realised by the fact that the excellent aum of ten guineas net was the result. This, with donations from the scholars of the school, and the proceeds of this entertainment, will bring the amount to about £25, which must 1 be gratifying to the ladies who have had the management of the 1 'whole concern,' and, thanks to them, the sum above stated has I been placed to the credit of the organ fund. I Eichmond. — The Eev. F. Page, who was for twelve months assistant to the Eev. C. T. Perks, incumbent of St. Stephen's Church, Eich mond, recently left to become assistant minister at Trinity Church, East Melbourne. A number of friends in Eichmond, to show their esteem, and arTection and appreciation of Mr. Page's earnest work for the spiritual and temporal weal of those among whom he laboured, subscribed a purse of sovereigns and presented it to him, with their best wishes for his future usefulness and success in his new field of Christian work. South Yarra: Christ Church. — The parish has sustained a sad loss in thesudden death of Mrs. Hancock, the wife of the Eev. H. C. Hancock. Mr. Hancock has been connected with Christ Church for the last eighteen months, and while the Eev. H. F. Tucker was absent in England acted as a very efficient locum tencns. During this time Mrs. Hancock's unselfish thoiightfulness for others, her gentleness, and her unobtrusive sympathy with the various' works of the parish won much esteem and affection.' She was greatly interested in the new chapel of ease, 8t'. Lawrence's. It was in the very week of its opening services that she was so unexpectedly called away. Taradale.— -The congregation of Holy Trinity held one of their socials in the schoolroom on the 31st August. The night being, fine, a . large number assembled. The room was nicely decorated with flowers and greenery. A well- assorted musical programme passed a couple of hours very pleasantly. The chairman (Mr. E. G. Higgins), in his opening address; spoke of the necessity of sociality, and pointed out that sympathy and unselfishness were powerful aids in the promotion , of Christian love. The Eev. J. Carlisle (Castlemaine) delighted the audience by describing, in an interesting, lucid, and happy manner, f 'the reflex action of the brain.' The following ladies assisted in [ the musical portion, viz : — Misses Thomas, Eigg, Jackson, Hewitt (2), | Miles (2), Wilson (2), Lane, and Horsfield. A juvenile choir, under ! the control of Miss Thomas, rendered several pieces very nicely. ? Just before conclusion refreshments (which were provided by the j ladies of the congregation) were handed round by a bevy of charming young ladies, who were kept busy for some time. The room was then cleared, and those who cared to stay ? indulged in the various games which were being played both in and out of doors. The meeting altogether was very successful, and all seemed to have enjoyed them selves thoroughly. Much praise is due to , the ladies and gentlemen who helped td/make the social so enjoyable. There is no doubt but that meetings of this kind are conducive to much cordial and united feeling. ; ' ? Terricks. — The annual tea-meeting was held at Mitiamo on the 28th July lastr which .proved an unqualified success. Bey. C. H. Barnes 'delivered an; address, Mr.' D;E; HeAvtbii rbading thfe' annual report; and a musical and elocutionary programme by local amateurs, assisted by ladies and gentlemen from Pyramid Hill and Kerang, was much appreciated. The proceeds amounted to upwards of £21. The Yen. Archdeacon MacCullagh visited the' district on Sunday, 'the 28th August. He preached in the morning at Pyramid Hill, and adminis-; tered Holy Communion in the afternoon at Mitiamo, and again in- the evening at Milloo. ? Splendid congregations attended on each occasion, particularly at Milloo, where the church was inadequate to accommo date the number who attended. ? The Archdeacon preached three impressive sermons, which were listened to with profound interest.' The collections for the day amounted to £4 15s. The Archdeacon : lectured at Pyramid on Monday night, the 29th, in aid of the building s fund there, £4 10s. being realised thereby. On the following Wednes day the anniversary tea- meeting in connection with the Milloo Church was held. The weather was fine, although the roads were in a very bad state. However, an immense crowd of people assembled to, ,, partake of the very splendid repast the ladies had provided, the tables, being laid out in a style that would simply astonish those who have not seen a tea-meeting' in the country. Eev. G. J. South, of Eochester, and Eev. C. H. Barnes, of Sandhurst, and D. E. Hewton addressed the after-meeting, the choir rendering good service during the evening. Several other ladies and gentlemen from Sandhurst, Mitiamo, Echuca, and Diggora also contributed to the programme. The proceeds, after paying expenses, amounted to upwards of £18. - :; ?; Warragul. — The Eight Eev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne paid his first visit to this district on Friday,. 9th September. During the ' morning he was presented with an illuminated address of welcome by the clergy and readers of the Gippsland Forest Mission. In the after noon a confirmation service was held, when, notwithstanding the in- \ clemency of the weather, a very large congregation assembled in St. Paul's Church. Thirty-Bix candidates were presented by the Eev. F. W. Willcox and Messrs. J. Francis and H. Hitchcock, twenty-nine being from Warragul, six from Drouin, and one from Buln Buln. ; The service was commenced by singing the hymn, 'Come, Holy : Ghost, Creator blest,' after which the preface to the confirmation was read by Canon Watson. The Bishop then proceeded briefly to address the candidates in simple and earnest language, pointing out to them that that day was the most solemn and, he trusted, the happiest of their lives. They were about to renew the solemn . ?: promise and vow that were made for them at their baptism. . When those vows were made they only took a passive part, butnow they Jiad . come to years of discretion when they could understand the nature of' the claims that the Saviour had upon their, lova and obedience. After a few more earnest words the hymn, ' My God, accept my heart this day,' was sung, and the Bishop laid his hands upon the candi dates as they knelt before him two and two. ?' This ' concluded, ? the Bishop again addressed them upon the difficulties and temptations they would have to encounter; in striving to lead a Christian life. He pointed out to them three means of grace by which they would be helped— namely, prayer, reading the Scriptures, arid Holy Communion. He also urged upon the parents and friends of 'the 'newly-confirmed the duty and necessity of a regular and devout attendance at Holy Communion, so as to be examples to them in leading a more spiritual life. The hymn, ' Thine for ever! God of Love,' was then sung, and the Bishop concluded the service. In the evening the weather was still very wet, but there was 'again a full' church. The prayeis were read by the Eev. F. W. Willcox, and the lessons;by theEev. S. Sandi ford and Canon Watson. The Bishop's text was. taken from Psalm cxxii. 1: 'I was glad when they said, unto me, Let us go into the house of the Lord,' and he preached an earnest, forcible, and yet eloquent sermon. . At its close he expressed the great pleasure his visit to Warragul had given him. Before he left the old country, he had heard from Bishop Moorhouse a great deal about the Gippsland forest, and of the nature of: the work, being carried on therein. He was glad, therefore, to have had the opportunity of visiting it in his own person, and hoped at no very distant date to renew the acquaint anoe that day formed. The Bishop has won ' all hearts by the sinu plicity and earnestness of his preaching, as well as by his homely and fatherly nature, and his visit cannot fail to be productive of much good. . '. ' ??'.?'.?;..... ? - ? _ ? ? ? . ? ?. ' ? ? ?_?? . 1 