THE NOVELIST. The Mysterious Bell-Ringings. By J. W. Deforest. A great, strange, desolate, awful old house stands in a quarter of New Orleans which once was fashionable, but which is now a lurking place for negroes, Europeau immi- grants, desperadoes, and malarial. Isolated, four hugh stories in height, its material a solemn, dark brown, stony brick, its front distinguished by two pro jecting crescents, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wrought-iron gratings, it gives you the idea of a French chateau rather than of an American dwelling. Tiiis aristocratic appearance is enhancfd by the solid architecture of the stables, and by an enclosing wall nine feet iu height, fringed with long iron spikes. It is still further enhanced by an unmis takable air of solitude, neglect, and de cay. Many panes of glass are broken ; some of the windows are closed up with gray, cobwebbed boards ; the foundations of the front steps are loosened, and the stones are sliding down ; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dnsting, repairing, or any other manner of care. In a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad of substantial slieltei , this lordy man sion is uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared windows; not a human face ever disturbs the dust on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which has the air of mark ing the place for eternal loneliness, is a fastening of rusty nails and wire across the handle of the bell-pull. Before this house gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it was still familiar to the feet of the aristocracy of New Orleans, Mr Henry Yanderlyn, then only twenty-four years old, rang one day at its door-bell. No answer. He again rang and waited ; he took a third pull at the agate knob ; still no answer. Meanwhile, either through the enormous keyhole or through the spacious crack at the bottom of the door, both so characteristic of Southern architecture, he could hear stealthy steps and cautious whisperings. " Do they take me for a robber V he queried ; " or is there a negro insurrection panic abroad ?" His patience gave out, and he was about to depart, when a close coupe drove up to the curb-stone. A lady in deep mourning who was so veiled that he could not dis tinguish her features, but whose form cf carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and distinction, pushed open the door of the vehicle with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad steps of the mansion. For a moment the two faced each other without speaking; then he ventured to sav : " Am 1 addressing Mrs Taillefer ?" " Ah, Mr Yanderlyn !" she answered ; " so you have come on, as you promised. What a pity that I receive no one ; How ever," — after a brief hesitation — " I will receive yon. Please come in. Instead of touching the bell, she rapped on the door with tlfe head of her parasol. It was at once opened. Within stood two mulatto girls and a negro man ; they :seemed to be trembling, as if with fright. " We didn't dast open befo', 'cause it Tung," stammered the negro, in a whisper meanwhile bowing in ceremonious apology. " Never mind," replied Mrs Taillefer, In an impatient tone, and with a gesture which commanded silence. "If Mr Pil- kington calls, let him in. No one else." Signing to Yanderlyn to follow her, she led the way into a parlor, spacious and lofty enough for a ball-room, and rich with old, carved, mahogany furniture. " Have the kindness to sit down," she ; said. " You see that I ought not to have received you. I am in mourning for the death of my husband. But you had come so f?r, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Besides, you contributed so anuch to our pleasure at Saratoga. I am delighted to welcome you." Under the circumstances Vanderlyn was slightly shocked at such classic terseness and repose. A t Saratoga he had studied the Taillefers carefully, and, as he thought, profoundly ; he had set do wn Anthong Taillefer as a devoted husband, and Diana Taillefer as a happy wife, he bad supposed that, in case <of death of either, the sur vivor would grieve passionately. Hence the Sallnstian brevity of that announce ment : " I am in mourning for the death .of my husband," struck him temporarily dumb. His =unp"leasant impressions were in-: Jtantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which &ad; charmed his previous summer into a Season -of ihe Isole Feliei: Such eyes ! So intensely black, yet of so many shapes of blackness, and so full of dazzling lights! Whenever Yanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs TaiHefer's faee, with the intention of deter- ihining whether it were entirely beautiful She "began and ended with looking at her .feyes. It w known to us, however, that she was a brilliant brunette, witli" features slightly . aquiline in type, enclosed in a fine bval. Hoi expression was calm, self- possessed, well-bred ; but, as people who were not :bew, itched by, her, declared, it was unpleasantly cold .; if not distinctly selfish, it was at least unsympathetic. In figure she was taller and more graceful . than most woirien of French blood ; and r fier carriage was singularly upright, im posing, and, one might say, imperial. YVandedya gazed at her with -the. delicate Sympathy, the almost religious respect, . which .the young and pure must grant to beauty in mourning. The chivalrous ad- , miration jvith which this woman had in- spaed, him; and by means bt which she had drawn -him a tliousand miles merely to i_look upon her once more, developed for the \- first time Into sbmething akin to love. He was ready to clutch himself by the throat 'With anger; when he discovered that; in spite of the sanctity of her fresh weeds, he was contemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation — not about the dead, or the widowhood ; only about the pleasant season in Saratoga — Yander lyn, in his youthful delicacy, rose to leave. " Don't go," urged Mrs Taillefer. " Don't suppose that you are annoying me. I should not have let you in had that been possible. I have not half done questioning you about things and people at the North. In spite of our local vanity, the North is our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a JParisien en province. Stay to dinner. And, while I go and dress, amuse yourself in your masculiue way, with books and pictures." While she was gone, Vanderlyn inspec ted a row of venerable oil-paintings, mainly of the French, but a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, such as are to he found in New Orleans in greater numbers than in any other American city. Presently he heard a knock at the outer door ; then came a slow, ponderous, groaning advance through the hall ; then lie turned to look at a visitor. The new-comer was a man of prodigious and plethoric corpulence. Although of the ordinary height, he seemed short, in con sequence of the unwieldy size of abdomen and the deformed h ugliness of his head, the locks of long, tbin, oily-brown liair be hind his ears were carefully combed up ward and forward, to conceal as much as possible the baldness of his shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost devoid of eyebrows and eyelashes, and the edges of his swollen lids were fiery with inflamma tion. Under the eyes were brownish and dropsical bags, the distress signals of long and cruel indigestions. The rest of his face — the vast forehead and temples, the flaccid, drooping tumors of his cheeks, the sad procession of double chins which des cendecl into his cravat — had been stained to a uniform, dull thick yellow by the malaria of Louisiana. Although dressed in the latest fashion his form exciced both disgust and pity, so gross and helpless was its corpulence. His breath came in hoarse wheezes, prophetic of fatty degeneration of the heart, or of the orasli of apoplexy. But, hideous, cumbersome, and doubt less in pain as this man was, lie had an air of gentility, or, at least, of courtliness. On perceiving Vanderlyn, he bowed, with a slow, megatherian grace, and said, in a voice which was mellow, despite its huski- ness, " Good morning, sir. Excuse me not observiug you on my first appearance. The darkness of the apartment, sir." Then he carefully settled himself upon a sofa (no chair in the room was big enough to contain him), holding his hat between the table-lands of his knees, and groaning for breath with an air of sup pressed distress. " May I inquire whether you have busi ness with Mrs Taillefer ?" he asked after. Yanderlyn had made some common- place response to his salutation. " If so, will retire." " Not at all. I am simply an acquain tance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr and Mrs Taillefer at the North last sum mer," " Ah ! excuse my question. I thought you might liavs called on business, as Mrs Taillefer receives so few people. You are doubtless, aware that l»er husband hps lately deceased." Yanderlyn suspected that this courteous monster wished him to go away ; but he did not feel disposed, nor, indeed, at liberty to accord that gratification. " Mrs Taillefer has just informed me of her husband's death," he observed. "She is dressing at present, I believe. 1 have 110 doubt she will be willing to see you, if your name is Pilkington." " Ali ! thank you," replied the corpulent gentleman, opening his inflammed eyes in slight astonishment, but not forgetting to bow. " My name is Pilkington. So you are, doubtless, well acquainted with Airs Taillefer ?" he continued, unable to repress au air of interest. " I presume to con gratulate you, sir. A most charming and admirable woman ! She informed you, then, of the death of her lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she net d« sym pathy. Uid she, pe.rhaps, mention to you this annoying little affair of the bell-ring ings 1 No? Well, she undoubtedly will do so. A very curious mj'stery, those same bell-ringings." . " I should be happy to hear about them if there is no impropriety — if Mrs Taille fer " " Of course she would not object," in terrupted Pilkington; turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. " Public talk, my dear sir; all over New Orleans, already. It is an exceedingly singular case either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous persecution. If you don't ob ject I'll tell you the story. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, sir. They are a long while in changing their attire iVhen it is a question of receiving a handsome and accomplished young gentle man." " I am exceedingly obliged to you," bowed Yanderlyn, quite prostrated by such a torrid simoon of civility. It is a mere little matter of bell-ringing, continued the immense Pilkington, with a smile 'broad enough for a planet: "A ri diculous little door-hell. Only fancy the absurdity of it. I should say, however, that there are seveial bells in the plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front floor which began it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the other bells took up the clatter. Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a clatter," he explained with ail apologetical 'bow. "I am a Southerner, sir, and I pride myself on using the diction of Addi son, as is the case with our Southern gentry. But an this instance I must be ' allowed the commonplace word, clatter, j Such an impertinent, worrying noise, my dear sir ! However, I will" begin at the door bell, that is, at the entrance to my story. Pardon my littlejokes, sir. Humour, bacchant humour, sweetens life. Are you not fond of it yourself, sir ? " I have no doubt, judging from your genial expression, that you often indulge in it." After puffing and perspiring for a mo ment over his spirit of wit, he resumed : " Well, to my t _le, as the poet says. The Taillefers, you must know, are one of our best families. French blood, sir, and a good vintage. This noble mansion was erected by Euston Taillefer, father of An thony, or Antoine. Eustace was at that time one of our wealthiest planters, and was always one of our highest-toned gen tlemen. A bit expensive, a little disposed to vivre, a good deal in debt at last, but always high-toned. Well, sir, he died — it is the common lot of humanity — he bowed to it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ago. Anthony undertook to economise and clear the estate. But he got married — He won a splendid wife, sir, — a leader of society, a queenly creature. The devil ! such a woman must have her ! dresses; she must live in a stylo suitable j to her; don't you see it We can't blamr- j her ; we sympathise with her. Lhtt the ; result was that the estate did not get j cleared." Here he paused, looking at Yanderl vn's face with attention, as if to see whether be had begun to produce his effect. It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a woman who must not be sought for, unless the seeker was armed with a long purse. As Yanderlyn had a purse of some three hun dred thousand dollars, he did not feel pnn- geutly alarmed. " Perhaps we may venture to suppose," continued the mln- mountain, "that An thony Taillefer's life was shoitened by his financial difficulties. His death was sudden, sir — frightfully sudden. Credulous people have asserted that he used poison to hasten it. Some of the symptoms reminded phy sicians of strychnine. However, that is absurd — I venture to say absurd. Taille fer was broken ; had too heavy a load, couldn't last longer. Well, sir, on the day after his funeral, curiously enough — 011 the very day after — began this little bell. This mee-serable little bell," he repeated, with an emphatic grin. " The wretched ting-a-ling-ling ! Of course it was sup- posed that someone had called. The foot man opened the door, and found — nobody. Imagine the fright of a nigger — au ignor ant, superstitions nigger — when this was repeated, when it happened a dozen times a day. Ting a-ling-ling ; door flies open ; nobody there. Nigger slams the door to, and rushes back to the yard, as white as a nigger can be. All the servants took fright, really yon can't blame them. Taille fer but just buried, and that ting-a-ling- liog in the house —as incomprehensible, ghostly ting-a-ling ling." Mr Pilkington seemed to enjoy his own eloquence. His unctuous smile played all over Yanderlvn, like a spout from an en- gine charged with sweet oil. But beneath this satisfaction and gentility there was a twinkle of inspection and calculation, as if he were studying to see how the tale affected the young man, and how much more of it would be necessary to produce some desired result. " You may suppose — of course, my dear sir, you have inferred — that the mystery has made a noise. As I am the business- agent of Mrs Taillefer I took the matter in hand. I have had all the pundits of New Orleans here. One thought it was elec tricity ; another, that it was gasses from the cellar; another, that it was a trick of the servants. It was suggested that I should cut the beU-wire. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble increased ten-fold. The mystery rang all the bells — it rang them one by one, and it rang them together ; it rang them behind our backs and before our eyes. It is most extraordinary — it is absolutely unearthly. My dear sir, I almost feel at liberty to say that you are in a haunted house." The young man did not know what to think or how to feel. On the one hand, the idea that Airs Taillefer was persecuted by a ghost, or by a mystery which simu lated the ghosily mode of action, tended to give her the interest of romance and make her more attractive. O11 the other hand there seemed to be an undercurrent of meaning iu Air Pilkington — an insinuation that there liacl been something unnatural or evil in the life of this family ; that there was something perilous about the. lady who represented it. Scarcely had these conflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in his mind, when Mrs Taille fer entered the room and interrupted the duel. The weight of four hundred pounds of flesh and the distress of untold diseases did not prevent Mr Pilkington from rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. When she tranquilly gave him her hand, he bent over it with the air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was an expression of real jealousy and of counterfeit triumph in his jaundiced eyes, as he glanced at Van derlyn, and said : "Southern chivalry, my dear sir. We worship divinity." " Air Pilkington," observed Airs Taille fer, with a slightly repressive intonation, " this is Air Vanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps you will find him useful in your investiga tion s." Air Pilkington's huge countenance fell ; his jealousy upset his late triumph. (To be Continued. 