Brief Mention. Sir H. Parkes has returned to Sydney. 13 punt loads of cane are now daily taken to the Broadwater mill. Mr. John Robinson has purchased the steamer Magnet. It is said that Mr. John Patch's- cane crop is the heaviest on the North Arm this year. The rabbit pest is causing great trouble in the Forbes district. The C. and R. R. S. N. Co 's steamer "Electra" left Glasgow on June 15. One quartz-crushing machine is now at work at Red Rock. It is expected that the Irvington will be floated to-day (Friday.) The "Wyrallah," s., will make her first trip to this river in the early part of August. A letter-carrier has been appointed for Maclean. Electric bells have been affixed to the Lis- more Hospital. A timber trolley got bogged in Molesworth- street, Lismore, last Friday. A resident of Casino, when out opposum shooting recently, used a £1 note for a gun wad. Stamford's sale of allotments at East Coraki has been postponed to August 13. Bishop Turner is expected to visit the Rich- mond during August. 66 feet front ago to Dawson-street was sold at Coraki last Saturday for £26. The recent landslip in Clifton has ruined the public hall there. The Premier met with a most enthusiastic reception at every town he visited. St. Leon's circus is performing on the lower Richmond. Cowan's Company perform at Broadwater on Thursday evening next. Look out for Stamford's sale of allotments in East Coraki on Saturday, 13th August. 22,294 persons were convicted for drunken- ness in N. S. Wales during the past year. The Bondi sewer, in Sydney, has cost £350,000. Fruit canning is about to be started as a new industry in the Maitland district. Frederick Krupp, the renowned German cannon and projectile maker, is dead. There is now 12 feet of water on the Rich- mond bar, and 17 on the Clarence at high water. Mr. Bayly, school attendance officer in Graf- ton, in future will attend the Tweed and Rich- mond, as well as the Clarence. The Government will take no action in regard to tho Mount Rennie criminals until Judge Windeyer's return. The Marine Board have suspended the certificate of Captain Frederick, of the steamer Lilian, for six months. The steamer Tomki is undergoing her usual half-yearly overhaul. Tho Coraki is running in her place. 8 cases were set down for hearing at the Lismore Quarter Sessions which commenced yesterday. The schooner Reliance foundered off the Brunswick Heads on Thursday last. All hands were saved. General entry and acceptances for Casino Turf Club Handicaps close to-morrow (Satur- day) Some bookmakers recently paid the fares of five stowaways on board one of the vessels trading between Sydney and the Clarence. Thirty men working under the Roads Department at Tenterfield were recently dis- charged. There are 108 cases sot down for hearing at the Lismore District Court which commences to-day. A testimonial in the shape of a crosier and a congratulatory address is to be presented to the Rev. Dean Doyle, Bishop-elect of Grafton. North Creek ferry was the only one sold out of the five advertised for sale at Casino last week. The American admirers of Mr. Gladstone have sent him a testimonial costing over 5000 dollars. A London beer seller has been fined £14 for diluting a cask of beer with 8 gallous of water. Large amounts of money are being sent from Vienna, Berlin, and Paris, to London, for safe keeping in the event of war. The Spanish Government has the swiftest torpedo boat yet built. It has obtained a speed at the rate of 33 miles an hour. The not profits of the Clarence and Rich- mond Rivers Steam Navigation Company for the past half-year amount to £2896. The carpenters and joiners in Melbourne want the Government of Victoria to increase the duty on imported sawn timbers. Mr. C. Dean, Secretary to the Rev. Dean Doyle's presentation fund, solicits the co- operation of the Coraki people. Judging by the quantity of preserved milk sold in Coraki there should be a first-class open- ing for a milkman. The quartz crushed in Victoria for the last three months gave a yield of 9dwt. 13-95g. per ton. Next year Mr. A. Balfour, Secretary for Ireland intends to introduce a Land Purchase Bill for Ireland. Through the promptitude of Constable Tooley the Paragon Stores, Grafton, were saved from destruction by fire. There are 123 miles of railway now open in Tasmania, and the system is returning a profit of 1 per cent, on the cost of construction. A sailor fell overboard from the Helen Nicoll at Iluku last week. He was rescued by Mr. Wallace and a sailor belonging to the steamer. The road between Lawrence and Casino is said to he in an impassable condition. The same may be said of all roads in the Richmond district. Ten probationers are employed in the railway service between Newcastle and Mur- rurundi, N.S.W., at salaries of 2s. 6d. per week. An old bushranger, named Jemmy the Whisperer, the mate of Thunderbolt, has again been arrested at Narrabri on a charge of horse-stealing. A prospective party is being fitted out by Townsville and Charters Towers people for the purpose of testing the reefs known to exist an Dunkersland. The V. R. C. have followed the lead of the Sydney Tattersall s Club in passing a resolu- tion that all bookmakers who become members shall be charged an entrance fee of £50. So much rain has fallen recently on the Macleay that some of the farmers on the low lying lands contemplate ploughing with boats instead of teams. Bridget, did you get the flowers that I am to wear to-night in my hair ?" Yes, mum, but—" "But what ?" "I've mislaid the hair, mum." So far 5856 bales of wool have been saved from the ship Darling Downs, recently wrecked in the English Channel, leaving 1896 to be accounted for. "It's all very well," said the gravedigger, "to advise a young man to begin at the bottom and work up, hut in my business it ain't practicable." A boy named Field broke a blood-vessel while exercising on an athletic bar at Perth, near Bathurst, on Saturday, and died shortly afterwards. A correspondent writing from Fairfield to the Tenterfield RECORD says : — Business and everything else is very dull at present, although there is an encouraging outlook for the future. Captain R. Afflick has been appointed com- mander of Messrs. John Nee and Co.'s popular steamer "Australian," in lieu of Captain Peggs. A 14cwt stone, estimated to contain £3000 worth of gold, has been found at Mount Deck- rell, Kimberley, by a man named Donald M'Neil. The Kilfera shearers in the Hay district struck when the roll was called, and great trouble is imminent. Over 300 shearers came into Mossgiel. The Irish National Press defy the Govern- ment either to suppress the Irish National League, or to put into force the provisions of the Irish Crimes Bill. A miner named John Buckley, or Lauriston, was burned to death in his own house, in which he was living. It caught fire, and all efforts to rescue the victim from the flames failed. The first electric lights to be used upon a sheep-station in the colonies have just been fixed in Mr. J. M'Caughey's wool-scouring shod at Toorale, near Bourke. A woman in South Australia gave birth to triplets. Application was made to the Govern- ment of that colony for the usual bounty. It was refused. It is reported from Pentrith, that through a young man seeing a ghost some human remains have been discovered near Luddenham. The affair is yet a complete mystery. Cabbages and cauliflowers in the gardens about Grafton have been attacked with blight similar to that which in past seasons has done so much damage to our maize fields. The STAR says : — It has come to this. Some of our farmers who have lived here several years, cannot put up with the roads, so have gone to the Manning or Macleay to rent farms. The great floods on the West Coast of New Zealand, caused by the protracted rainfall, have caused immense damage to property at Greymouth, the loss being estimated at £30.000. The Orient Liner Orient Ormuz, from Eng- land, to Adelaide has made the quickest passage on record. She only occupied 28 days and 10 hours in the voyage from England to the Semaphore. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Brisbane, says that as the education in State schools of the colony costs £7 per child, the Roman Catholics are defrauded by legis- lation of over £40,000 yearly. The report of the Australian Joint Stock Bank shows a nett profit of £41,407, and it is proposed to declare a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, and a bonus of 2s. per share. A fire broke out in the stables of the Club Hotel, Bega, early on Sunday morning, 17th instant. The Club Hotel, Cowdroy's store, the Standard printing office, and several other buildings narrowly escaped destruction. In the Wangaratta murder case, in which Mrs. Mephan is accused of having brutally murdered her sister Mrs. Callow, accused was found guilty of willful murder, and committed for trial. A Coff 's Harbour settler tells us (N. C. TIMES) , that he is informed a wrong to the working man in these bad times is about to be done, as one of the two sugar mill owners in that locality intends employing black labour this season to cut cane. Petersen, better known as "Bones" was the party who broke into Street's store last week. His boat was found to be fitted out with a variety of store goods, and a set of burglars implements were also found in his boat. Mr. John James' Paragon stores, Grafton, caught fire on the night of the 20th instant. The greater portion of the stock was damaged, but the building was saved. The origin of the fire is unknown. Constable Tooley was the first to notice the fire, and it was chiefly through his exertions that the building was saved from destruction. 