MR. SHQBTHOUSE'S NEW BOOK. Mr. J. H. Shorthouse is known as the author of a remarkable romance, ' John Ingleaant,' which, published a few years ago, was the success of a literary reason. It owed its reputation to its perfect originality. In it Mr. Shorthouse en deavored to show what ihe development of the .supernatural would lead to in the natural life ; he condemned the in toleranceof the tolerataon sometimes pro 'fessed, and sought to work out prpbfems {connected with religious speeulatdjoii. itbroo^i the medium ef social intereourse. 'John Inglesant' resealed ujidefanied ability ; but in 'SirPexcival,' a s^y of which has reeched aufsom the publishers, Messrs. MaeMfllao& Cou;, through M«ssrs. : :E.-S. W4ffi4&^o%thBgft»Q)W^£^h0Ugb.t is tsavsrsed with somewhat less auecess. The keynote of 'girPbrcival' has been i defined as Tlatonicipietism. The doctrine - -of -which the author sseems to approve k« ' ' pnxe idealism which is the f ouadatfon of all trnefajthj which taught by the Greek Plato is the foundation upon Which tscue \ Cbrktiftnity rests.' Mr. Shorthouse is* i opposed as strongly as ever to the doctrine , whose ultimate aim would 'reduce Qcd to a. eecretion of the livex,' and*he js~ severely, samastic on ihja subject ol ihe - gaetric juices which enter .so largely r into ?the theoriestjf materialists, fie evidently hasno'syaHpa&yjwithflOBaeof; theprevaa- ' iiag iSfijBB,; iof mkucib. he arafaea.&na; af !his fiharaotess^A) yeimglady, «tfie aepie tfientBtiaBfe -SFfitian a ibsJef period JEtf)Jber liotixtductifiiaa^ofChe 'xeader'siacqsaistanoe, M«s Mir^mia. -filaoae, as she as vQeMed, makes over the breakfast table^beleoafes slon that she 'has long since given up public worship of any kind;' adding, ' the evolution of theology, you know, Is quite as clear as the evolution of the human race. « .« . It began with nature- worship, the cult of the cosmic deities ; then through sclo-theism, the deification of ancesteal ghosts or ancestor worship ; then through fetishism and to temism to the present state of intellectual shadow worship.' The story turns upon the rivalry in. love between this young lady and Miss -Constance Lisle, whose theological views are of a different character. Miss Lisle, through whose mouth the story is told, professes wholly orthodox opinions, em bodying the spirit of faith and religious devotion, emotional and impulsive. Except Sir Percival Massareen, the hero of the romance, and hi whom the -affec- tions of both ladies are concentrated, the other characters are merely nonentities, and need be no more than named. They are Miss Lisle's uncle and aunt, tie Duke and Duchess of Cressy, and the Bev. Charles de Lys, the incumbent of a neighboring village. The scene of the story is laid at Kingswood, the ancestral seat of the Oressys. The story properly begins with the introduction of Sir Percival, an Irish baronet, to the family at Kangswoed. Miss Lisle's impression of frfo Is recorded thus :— ' We were all delighted with our guest. He chatted of his past life, and the time he had lived abroad, of Eton, of Lady Elizabeth, of his 6Tftn?'fa'M^nt| for the army. He showed a sense of fun, & perception of the iumorous side of character ; but he never, in word or tone, displayed aught save a pure and modest spirit within. If he liad met or seen any thing in hfa boyish life that was contrary to such a spirit as this it seemed to have slipped off him without leaving a trace. As I sat opposite to Mm at the table, listening to his guileless talk, I was rack* big my brain to remember why his name wasiamiliar to me, when suddenly there rushed into my mind the xecollection of the gxeat treaBure of the library— the black-letter folio of the ( Morte d' Arthur1 by the old printer Caxton himself, wMch the duke had caused to be brought from Hartfield, the great house iof the dukedom, that he might de Hght -himself witli it in Ids retirement. I could recall nothing of the story of Percival save one sentence — that, as I remembered, lie had 'kneled doune and made his .prayer devoutely unto almighty Jhesu, for he was one of the best knyghtes of Ha world that at that tyme was, in whome the verry feythe stod& mooste in.' I do sot know now. it was, but I suppose that on some occasion, while the duke was turning over the precious leaves to entertain me with the marvellous Irook, this sentence had struck my girlish fancy., for I, seemed to see the quaint spelling of the lines impressed on, the white cloth before me; and I do not know that I should feel ashamed to acknowledge tiiat there. at the table I piayfid to ihe Almighty Jesu — I bad learned from Mr. de Lys the habit of in stinctive prayer — that this lively pleasant boy .might in h\a «nHiTj|r .and walk in life? achieve a fame not dissimilar to his name sake of the knightly romance of old.' It is not difficult to infer from this that no long tune elapses before Miss Lisle falls in love with Sir Percival. In seeking to trace a resem blance between him and 'his namesake of the knightly romance of old,' Con stance is easily led into striving to make her friend worthy of the comparison. She reads Keble to him, and under the in fluence of her emotional nature lie is beginning to reciprocate her affection when Miss 'Virginia dare makes her ap pearance and turns the channel of Sir Percival's thoughts from Keble toSheQey. Moreover, Miss Lisle, however devotional^ is not comparable in point of looks with. Miss Clare, whose liveliness and cheer ; fulness of spirits hugely compensate for the somewhat outre views she holds en metaphysical subjects. The : scene here described affords aa illustration of Virginia's character: — ' After dinner that night in the drawing . room the Duchess asked for music, and Virginia sat down to play. She played ? superbly, but refused to sing — solely, I believe; because her voice was not equal to -her skill. She played some brilliant : pieces — I do not now remember what : they were. Indeed, ItMnk that soon she ? did Jjo4sinow herself. She seemed to me- ; to be improvising, or, H &he; did not do Siat, she threw tso much of her .person ality into the piece that the conception of the composer was well-nigh lost. I ant for £rom saying that she played without? spul,butlshouldsaythatsheplayed without ; rest. She seemed to .play as though, music 'were not a teacher, but an inarticu . late icry— as though she refused the heal ing message of harmony, and cast it back, In i^ ©wn notes, agamfit jHte «ky. -Bhe : pkyed a piece at last with intense feel ing, but jwitfa a restless, passionate violence, as of despair ; then ihe dropped. . into a sudden aoaglo, and, concluding with some chmrdsjoS exquisitely modulated rhytfanand cadence, she sprang up front the piano, and, oiaBphig my arm, *Con stance,' she «Hd, ^mngl I want to hear the human voice.' The clear, simple notes— jjolemn, yet, ah ! how sweet ! — filled the room with a sense of rest and stillness after the storm of passionate sound: 'He shall feed His flock like a shepherd, and He shall gather the lambs, with His arm — with His arm.' . . , Then again the sweet, clear chords— clear as the proclamation of an angel, sweet and pure as the dying thanksgiving of a. saint — filled tie room with the trustful silence of the soul. Virginia came up to me as I rose, and put ner arm around me. *I tmuld wish to sing like you, Con stance,' she said. 'You have something, which I have not.' ' In spite of this deficiency Virginia, succeeds in winning the affection of Percival; they me engaged; but in ministering to the wants of persons in need Virginia contracts a .mysterious,, feveT, to which she falls a victim. Over come by Ms bereavement Percival en deavors to find consolation in excitement, and goes to Egypt, where he wins the Victoria Cross for gallant services in the. field. He returns to Constance, and seeks to xeBume-the relations he held with her before the appearance of Virginia, but she will not permit him to be untrue to the memory of ner rival. He-pleads earnestly, ibnt without success. ' 'Constance,' he ?said, M love you. Can you give me n& hope? To-morrow I shall begone.' It was as though some one had struck me an, unexpected nlow. Stunned in heart and mind I sent up a despairing cry ior guidance, and for the space of a second I. saw, as in a vision, a terrible future. I -eaw 'him wearied, Ms -passing- illusion out jgrown, Ms life blighted by the conse quence of a gceat mistake, his nature -debased by ihe weakness of unde cided action. I looked down, as it were, into a horrible pit, and sair what I dared not look at any more. In a second or two I spoke. J It were ibetter not, Percival,' I said, *believenie». lit werefcetter not.' *It is too fete, then v ' he«id,«^r. «I was blind and Btupid^ Ibut I know better now.' Should I tell him that he had made no ^mistake t Harfily lihat. Indeed, for a moment or stwo 1 could -not speak -again. Then he twenties.: * I know tfeat you t&inkl; am unowtttin ana ,cbang«»ble, netlo be de ipe&dedion;^ but -yon Tnight give me some ihope. If a man has something to look iforward to at^Bteadie& him,' however poor a fellow lie «aay /be.' *-Btit suppose he changes soetn,' I^saliijia&nostinawhi;^er, and a ^ltnas ^iven hkn hope, what 4a ito ibeoDme of her 4' *You have a poor opinion of me, CoJ»tanoe,' he said, padlj ; * perhaps it is not strange.' ' Only be true, P«rcival,' I said, and I saw 3i»iBOBiiMWgh tiie mist of tears—' only foe trusu ; fieseafter, ia the years to come, jffiitta ^o»aa».a great and noble mas, and ai«jajamed t© some -good and beautsifal gki'sphom you love, we shall meet some ?where andrytmrwails^^-'MysirfiiEff 4&ns-; stance told1 m& 48ubj' aad; tnafc*Bte*»M ^ \- He is called PbreiyaJ, a knighfc -& «&b; Holy Fellowship of the Talite, not of, Arthur, Bat-of Christ' *B,i* too iat*r,' lie said, somewhat bitterlj^ *One mis take, and tira door is dosed for ever.' * Why should: you talk of -.*. mistake-?7 I said. * Yon never thought of on before Virginia- came. You loracf her truly and' honestly. Had she' lirod she would h&ve; been jour wife. Why do you call it a mistake 2' Every, word of this was true. Perhaps it wassiofralltfce truth.' Percival now begins the 'spiritual life' ?yf\iir\\} fmppiipg Ota Tantif. Jif. frhft jdayisr. . Ha. goes to Africa, but this time with a dif ferent purpose. Instead; of entering on any military enterprise fie attempts the rescue of a missionary bishop — an episode presumably suggested, by tie death of Bishop Hannington,. near Uganda. Da* serted byall except one follower, whom he releases from any obligation to serve Mm, he reaches theplscB where the bishop is confined. Hie is «eized and imprisoned ?with the man for whom he sacrificed his life. Percival finds a. way of sending home to Constanceaai account of what she afterwards learns to have been his last hours. One passage may be reproduced :— ' 'I was pushed about a good deal ; and then alLat once I was in a cool, shaded hut, very, lofty, out of the sun,;and there, were no blacks, but in. front of me, by ac table where he had been writing, ther& ?was a tall English gentleman that looked to me like a god. He was haggard look ing, and his dress was dishevelled- and torn ; butrl never could hare dreamt that I could be bo delighted to see- any maa as I was when I saw him. He' rose suddenly -when he saw me,, and. a wonderful- smile lighted hie if ace. ( The, Lord hath heard ine,' he said ; 'blessed be the name of lie Lord.' 'No,' I said; do not deceive your self ; let me speak, for I have-only a few moments to 4o it in. I am Percival Mas* sareen on the staff. We heard about you, and we thought on the Coast-— Sir /Gharltes thought — that if an English officer could, get through, he might be of some use in overawing the king. 1 am through, but I am alone. All my people haver de serted me, frightened By line rumors- t&ey-; heard, ])&cuft; -than that, lam ill. I have the fever, and have only a few moments before me to keep my senses. Do not deceive yourself. ' He looked at me, still? with the serene and -hapw smile. * I was, not mistaken,' lie said, 'the Lord A«f7i heard me. Let us give theirs unto Him In Bis holy church.' He came-up to meand took my hand. 'I tihipfr that you are -wrong,9 he. said. 'I do not think that you have the fever. You are worn out and blinded by the heat. What you must have gone through would have killed most men. You must lie -Lown and sleejr; but' before that you will do me the greatest favor possible for man. I do not know how long I have to live. You will take the sacrament with me.' I do not know how I remember all that he said, but I do recall every-wcnrcU * We have no wine,' he said, ' and I have eaten all my bread for. the day. It was a tradi tion of the Middle Ages, of which, perhaps, you may have heard, that if a man was dying on the field of battle, and if he eat three blades of grass with inten tion, he received the sacrament, though other priest were none. You axe- not actually dying ia battle, but you are dying in a nobler field— I see it in your eyes — a field where the Lord Jesus keeps the wager of battle against the. world, the flesh, and hell.' We knelt dowui and he gathered SOme T^iy^Pg **f myj« f.Tiflfr mvar ijn. In. the* floor of the hot. and. forced, their w4jrn under its wooden, walls. He Jseelted the Communion.Seirvice. I. knew little oi what, passed ; but I know that I eat tfiei tiuse blades of grass ha gave meiL Then I was1 lying dowmipan hMTushrmatteiliedj, and almost in.ajnomeiitJ;WBB asleep;' ? The book is far from fauMess, feus, the remark of Abraham Lincoln,, when presented with.a book ofa similar charac ter, might fau^y- be- applied to titts=: — **Well, I should think ihat those who, like this sort of thing woaH find t&tt;? jusfc the sort of tiling; they like.3' ' Sir Pee? cival'^forms one of the volumes of Messrs. MaeMillan's Colonial library, whialtwe have frequently commended; ^ther= volumes of this libraryt which we have received ace Mr. Joter^-rndramfc ?''Hewm : a tale oi -Ancient Barney' 33k. Bayr Madoc's ' Margaret Jemine ;' and; Mua. Charlotte Yonge's 'A, Modem Tele. machus.' These beoksjare not to bespnr chased in England for anything- like 2b.. €d. each; 