AMONG THE f THOUSAND' ISLANDS." YLOSOMAK'S MAGAZINE.) I . ' '"Amohg tft'e islands on 'the St. Lawrence one liveBTup6n!the water."' By a cetthin tacit under- itpdipg, every .resident has a recpgnisod riglil ,- tq.pi'plpre py.ery other , resid en t's petty domain. : 1 No obtrusive notice- board's flaunt' before the f3ce of Heaven the anti-social and wholly uncalled- for; information that trespassers will be, pr.osecuteu with the utmost rigour of the Jaw. On the contrary,- the usual formula painted on the. neat little placard beside the tiny landing-stages as sumes the optative rather tbau the imperative mood : "Parties landing on this island are re quested to kindly abstain from damaging the feroB-and flowers." The fact is, all the islanders are there as summer visitors only ; each pos- gMes . Ibut' a, tiny realm of his own, often beautifully varied,, but always readily ex- "be.ustpd of its native interest ; aiid the whole; charm .of -the spot . would evaporate eutirejy if proprietors' insisted with ingrained British churlishness upon the effectual protest of a high briek wall. Accordingly, everybody always1 lands freely, no man hindering upon everybody -else's private island ; and the day is mostly massed in wandering < afloat) in a delicious, aim- - .less,1 listless fashion down tiny channels between rislet and islet, stopping here to pick a lare tvild- flower from a cliff on the side, and halting there toexplore and ciijpb some jutting rock whose- peak" promises a wider view over all the surround ing little archipelagoes. Many of the islands are stRl nninhabitated, and these are the best of all for Jbotanising purposes, it is there that you may find tlie Indian pipe-plant, known also by the "still etrauger and truer name of corpse- weed : a beautiful drooping white flower, as pale and -soft in ifs material as a fungus, of which our hostess said to us prettily, " When I first saw 'it l was Half afraid to touch the uncanny thing. fl thopgiitT had found the ghost of a flower." It js.'iu fact, a lily-iiho flwweripg plant; a 'heath; by family, which had adopted tl.ie habits mpd mode of life of a fungus, living entirely like parasite on the decaying foliage beneath the forest trees, and has therefore lust its green . leaves ' aud . assimilated in all unessential '-particulars to the other fungi whose .ways it mimicB. But 1 have promised not to be botanical here, so I will refrain from catalogu ing' all tfie other wonderful and lovely things to be fou.riil' op these little island Edens. I will only gay in passiug , I hat the scarlet columbines,: the piiiky.-w.liite .water-lilies, the crimson banc- ; berries, aiiil tlie showy .ajje punies combined with the creepera, f he ferns, and the club-mosses to' ' make as beautiful and varied a carpet as any I have ever beheld anywhere. Few modes of life: could -be more graceful .or humanising ilianj summer life .in these delicious archipelagoes. : Here and ib?re, to be sure, as at Thousand Is- landPark.a whole big islaqdhns been bought up; by speculators (oddly mixed in the making with ; camp-meetings and other revivalist religious: gatherings), and laid out as a sort of exclusive 'Bedford Park, where none but approved- etagp: , .One supli little summer village is ex-' plusively Arethu.dist, .while anutkpr is wholly givep .over to serious Congregationalism. But' in most. paris of- the group (and it must be re membered that the islands cover, roughly' speaking, an area of forty miles by ten or fifteen) each house occupies a little insular king-: domof lts'own, where' the boys and girls can J swim,' and .fish, aud play and flirt, unmolested where ' the seniors can lie in hammocks under the trees,' nnd ruminate on politics, philosophy,' Hpnd the tender affections ; where callers can be "espj.ed, from bfar as they approach the shore ; \- and jvljpre hospitalily on a . simple scale is -is universal as it is uuexacting. Nute, also, that big black has i and maskiuonge si ill lurk ampug ihe cracks and crannies of the. subinrged granite, and that on many islands you can sit on the juttingend of a tiny promontory aud drop your! line for them, plump from ilie shore, into 20ft iof 'dear 'green water. One last word to the British tourist who, stirred by my natural and "indigenous enthusiasm, may perhaps content- .' plate some day visiting and exploring the' Tjt'pusapd islaiids. Don't for a moment suppose tnat'the'islahds can be 'adequately aeen f|uni the! dpek pf.one i-f the big lake steamers that ply up I and down between Montreal, Kingston, and; Torouto. ' This is the stereotyped British- ' -.tourist way of seeing tliem, and nothing could! be 'flatter or more disappoiutiug. If you Lake! them' so, I do not doubt you will come away; .objurgating me by all your domestic deities. 'The steamer sticks to' one "or other of the two: Ynaiij cbap.'.'d?. wliish are wide and deep, arid cpinpaafivgly unencumbered by rocks or 'jijaifflfi it. avoids! tho tiny mi nor reaches, rich in; pn.jpBB surprises: and varying vistas which enn- ptitute the: real :charui . .and beauty of this! fantaptjc fairylike region. No, no 1 to see the ; islauds "properly, you must live on one of them : Jfor'several days at least, aud row up and down ampng the lost side-channels and tangled back- waters, exploring the petty bays and inlets, and 'occasionally' losing your way altogether among rft'ej' endless intricach s of that maze of water, But if yo ucinhot afford the time to see them thus,' you should at least spend a day or two at Clayton or Caipinoquc, aud take tho "round fop'', , qn jho little excursion a/earner, Island rjYatiderpr,..'»yhich tlirpads its way in and o.uf. .through the lqvcjieet winding of. the lund-locked river Over 1000 diamonds taken up to Inverell from the Malacca mine have been locally sold, averag ing about 2 stones to the carat At the inquest on Frank Gerald Casey, .manager of the Nundoro station, near-Wilcannia, a son of Dr. Casey, of Brighton Victoria, it was shown ' that' tho 'deceased was in a 'state -of temporary insanity, when he cut hie throat. The Burwood colliery, near Newcastle, was laid idle on Wednesday. The strike, it is stated, originated in the manager declining to discharge five men who had previously' contracted to' hew , coal according to the manager's wish with regard to the using of powder. The bulk of the miners consider these five men as "blacklegs," and refuse to work with them. Truth and Soberness.— What is the best family; medicine -tiii the : world . (o regulafe the bowels, ' purify the blood, remove coaUvcnqss iugl bilious- ' qqssy.aifi digestion,; anil stimulate. ; the whole sys-, tem? Truth and' soberness compel us to answer, — j American pp.'s: Hop Bitters, being pgre, perfect, anil'lisrmless. See. ' -tlSWHF? 9# Pkngcs. of injurious stud" purporting to make genuine. Hqp Bittcrp ; also, prepin-ations.1 anjl.uids said to contain all the properties 'of i Amerjqsp.Qop Bitters. They spring up ouccount; of the great popularity of the genuine, which is' only put up in large, squarc-pancT, amber-coloured ; hptj, with the names "Dr. Soule," and "Hop Bitteis," lffowu in the glass, and is the best family medicine ever made. Bead. The premature decay of beauty in many of our women,, and the rapid advance of age, argjje nn un healthy condition of the system or a palpable neglect of their sanitary status. What is commonly . Itiidwn among, the sex as. 'ennui,' is nothing more or less than lassitude resulting from some defective oxgifulsiu or spinal uffection. It matters hot how delicate the fram.o, how sensitive tho system, how ?r«xqulsitcly strung the nerves, inoddrato doses of Wolfe's Schnapps will eradicate the causes and produce tho most bcuoficial results, 