ZABINA ZEMSPwA. BT WILLI AN BLACK. Aether of "Maicleod of Dare," u A Princess of Thnle," be. CHAPTER XIV. A EOSE-DECORATED £ALt» To name a thing is nothing ; other people might call it love if they liked j he was content to regard it as a beautiful and ideal friendship; and he could have wished that this was the fourteenth century: and London- Florence ; and that a certain chosen band el charming ladies and young gentlemen might retire to a small and fair doman without the city, there to walk in cool gardens and fragrant meadows, singing songs and telling stories, weaving garlands of < fiowers, and dancing to the dulcet strains of lute and viol —all to show to the world that perfect and frank good comradeship might innocently and advantageously exist between unmarried men and maidens. In the meantime he was neither in Florence nor in the fourteenth century; and, indeed, he was too much occupied with the one and sole -and consuming question as to how he shonld manage to see habina again to waste mnchi. thinking over impracticabilities. But afternoon calls were useless, for Sabina was rarely at home in the daytime; haunting the neighbourhood of Kensington-square was tantalizing beyond endurance; and not until Mrs. Wygram came back from Brighton could he nope for an invitation to spend an evening with them. Was there no other way ? For this constant desire to meet her again—if only for a few minutes, just to see how she was looking, and hear her voicebanished every other thought«nd fancy from his brain; and he neglected his work; and his ordinary companions had but little inerect for him; and London became at once a delight and a torture to him,-knowing as he did that Sabina was somewhere within the vast extent of it; and from morning till night be kept vainly guessing at her probable whereabouts. All this was a friendship of a very exalted and devoted ohaiacter, he knew; still, it was friendship. One afternoon he went down to the house of a famous Academician, and found the mistress of tbe mansion at home. There were a few visitors present: and when they rose to leave he remained; ne wanted to have a little private conversation with Mrs. Mellord. " Why," said he, when they had gone, "from what I hear, t>.e whole of London is coming to you on the 22ad. ' *' Oh, no, no—only a few friends," she said (all hostesses say the like). " We shall be very quiet—don't you be frightened .away"— "Ob, I am coming, of course," he said. " I have got some pretty women," she observed, encouragingly (and she herself was charming enough, ooth in appearance and manner). " Yon always do have pretty women at your house," he said. "Don't you know that other people are a little bit jealous? How do you manage it ? They're not too fond of shining aide by side. They like to be solitary stars. Well, now—eh—I wanted to ask . you if yon had sent a card to the Wygrams." " The Wygrams ?" she repeated -with tbe least touch of surprise. "I don't think I did, then." . • - " Oh, but yon ought," he made bold to say ifor he was on very friendly terms with this pretty Mrs. Mellord). " Oh, yes, yea .must —a kindness, you know—aula lang syne"—— " I should hardly have thought it -was in their way," she said, still looking rather puzzled. And then something seemed Ito strike her; «nd she regarded the -young man with shrewd and demurely smiling eyes. " I suppose you .mean that Miss Zembra should be included f " Miss Zembra?" lie anwered, and lie took ip an Egyptian scent-burner, and affected to . "still living with them. I don't know that die would care to oome—probably not. She would want some persuasion, I suppose,', if yon wen kind enough to ask her. However, if you want another pretty woman, there is one. Of conrs^AS I say, she would have ito be persuaded—she doesn't often go ost—but you could tell her, for example, that die ought to go out from time to time, seeing how rica people ettjety and -amuse themselves should sharpen her sympathy with those poor people she wotfes among; you might put it that way, if yon thought it worth while asking her. Mrs. Mellord .bmn&out; laughing. " Bo yon know, Mr. Lindsay, that yon Are a very admirable actor? Of course it is not y»u who want Miss .Zembra to be here on the 22nd. i Oh, no. And your air of indifference —excellent! Do von .think I have heard nothing?—with all the-town talking about jour infatuation for Mlsa-Sabina 1" He reddened to the te triples, "I was not aware tUere^ere so many idiots in the world." " Don't-be angry," said his friend, placidly. " They might have oouplecLyour name with a plainer girl. Now let as understand each other. Supposing I go to Mies Zembra, and talk her over, and get her .to come nere, perhaps you would like to.fc&e; her in,to •upper?" He looked uj? quickly, bet she-did not give him time to speak. " I suppose you would not object. Well, then, everybody says that Seir£orella is a great chum of pours. I saw .him,-the other night, and he refesed to come to mo on the 52nd—the flimsiest excuse yea ever heard. Do you think yoe can induce him to change his mind f' I know I can." " And will you get,him to sing 5" "Certainly." "For, don't yon see, I am not .going to sacrifice the whole sight to you boys and girls. .1 must have same little amusement for the elderly people; and I a<n going to have distinct intervals between the dancbe, ; and have music—songs, I mean, for no cpo lit tens to anything else. Well, then, I have Sot Mfldamp Secchi, and Angelica Russell, and tidore, and one or two otters; and I want your friend-Borella as welL" " Oh, that's all right," he said, promptly. "Yon really think yon willfet him to sing for me V " I'll make iim sing." "Because," said pretty Mcs. Mellord, gravely, and she regarded the pouug man with eyes that meant a great deal, " in that case I think out of sheer gratitude 1 must do my beet to persuade Miss Zembra." The 22nd was a long way off yet, hewever; and in the interval the WvgramB came borne from Brighton. During this time he encountered the sympathetic Janie occasionally; but saw very little of Safoiua, who was busy with her multifarious duties; so that all the more be looked forward to the evening ca which he was to meet her at Mrs. Mellord's. And always with the tacit assumption that he was to have the monopoly of her society on that occasion. Had it not been so at his own house on that memorable night? Sabina was bis companion all the way through; at supper she had sat on his right hand, and talked almost exclusively to him; in the Btndio the others were free to dance, or listen to mnsic, or amuse themselves as they chose: Sabina and he were apart, and together. And as it mm then, so it wonld be now; and who else had such a claim on her? And at last came the night of the ball; and it was the very height of the London season ; and ab carriage alter carriage drove op to Aire, Mellord's house, the crowd on the pavement bad more or (ess distant glimpses of very distinguished people indeed—a generally recognised face causing a little murmur of comment—and of the less-known women-folk who stepped along under the awning in the lightest and palest of summer cloaks and hoods. And pleasant it was on this hot June sight to pau into the spacuraa hall of whiteand-black marble; and fresh and cool looked the tall ferns that went all the way round the walla; and there was a grateful flashing of the central fountain, where a ghost-white alabaster swan floated motionless in the middle of a miniature lake. But from the hall nDwards and onwarda there was no decoration but roBes. Ropes of roses adorned the staircase; festoons of roses hung above the doors; masses of roses gave colour to the pale gold ballroom ; and on the Bupper-table —as yet concealed from the public eye—lay a bed of red roses from end to end. Everywhere there was a scent of roses, and a sound of music, too, for the dancing had begun * and pretty Mrs. Mellord, at the head of tbe staircase, was already becoming anxious that the people shonld disperse a little, and not crowd so obstinately round the ballroom door. Walter Lindsay was not in that ball-room. No. He was in the spacious hall below, lounging about with Willie Meteyard, and pretending to listen to him. The subject of their talk was etching, ordinarily a sufficiently attractive topic for most artists; and Meteyard was most enthusiastic about a wonder-working press he had just purchased. Somehow or other, however, Walter Lindsay's attention was but intermittent. He looked anxious. He kept glancing towards the wide-open doorway, and to the brilliant crowd that came slowly pouring in. And at last, with a sudden " See you by- and-by," he abruptly left his companion and made for a certain small group that had just arrived. Sabina (so tall she seemed; and to him she appeared to be enveloped in a cloud of white gauze—but that was because he had no eyes tor anything but her face and tbe possible look of welcome he might find there) was apparently a little surprised to meet him. "In London still?" she said, in her direct way. " Why are you not in the country, at work ':" He stammered some excuse. " And you might well ask what brings it* here," she added, with a emile ; " but Janie wanted to eee the roses.'' They passed into th» cloakroom. He was very nervous while - awaiting them. He wanted to get possession of Sabina from the first—to establish a right of companionship that no one could interfere with. And what if they were to be separated on the crowded staircase, or if she were to be snatched away from him on her entrance into the rooms above? It suddenly occurred to him that he was, in a manner, helpless. In his own home, with Sabina as bis guest, he could do what he liked. He could choose her seat for her, take her hither and thither, and generally assume charge of her. But here, in another person's house, he had no such coDtrol; all sorts of untoward accidents might happen ; wild beasts (in the shape of strangers wanting introductions) would be waiting upstairs to devour htr. And what had he come for if Sabina weie to be spirited away ? However, when the women reappeared, it was very e* ident that Sabina had no intention of igi oring the claims of old friendship. She came i or ward to him quite frankly; appeared to take it for granted he was waiting for them ; and went up the staircase with him, these two together, and Janie looking on with marked approval. " I wish Mr. FoBter could see them now," she (aid in an undertone to her mother. " Yuu know," Sabina said to hercompanion, " we are going away quite early. 1 cannot have all the good that Brighton did to Mrs. Wygram undone again, wasn't it kind of her to take all the trouble about bringing us here to-night? but Janie was so anxious to see the pretty rooms; and then Mrs. Mellord is a very persuasive woman—when she sets her mind on a thing" " Oh," said he; " I will take yon where you will see everything without getting crushed. I know yon don't care much about dancing, Miss Zembra; and I don't either; why. I detest it—in this hot weather—in a crowd" But they were now arrived at the head of the staircase. Mrs. Mellord was not much surprised to find Walter Lindsay appear at the same time with Miss Zembra; and she gave both of them, and the Wygrams, a pleasant greeting: only she took occasion, as she pressed Mr. Lindsay's hand slightly, to say— " Borella is here, and has already sung twice. You are a very good boy." Now as Walter Lindsay was familiar with this house, and as all the rooniB on this floor were en suite, he found no difficulty in taking his little party bv aroundabout way to a corner where they could have a commanding view. And a very pretty sight it was. The palehued walls, the brilliant lights, the masses and ropes and festoons of roseB; young English girls showing further roses in their cheeks, their eyes vivid with the animation of a waltz; dowagers gorgeous in velvet and satin and diamonds ; here and there in the " general circle," if one may use the phrase, the resplendent coBtume of a,duBky Indian .Prince, or the quieter garments of a group of Chinese officials looking on with impassive stare. Perhaps, indeed, the "general cirel-' was more interesting to the Ordinary obser i-cr than the industrious young men and maidens who were engaged in the. active business of the evening; for there were many famous folk here; ..-and, luckily for Lindsay's companions, bis acquaintance was not confined .to mere painters and poets, and people of that kind. However, they were not suffered to remain loDg in this quiet corner. TheBonof tbe house bad espied them; a quadrille was being formed; he brought along a partner, and introduced bim to Janie. Janie was good girl, and told no lie; only she threw a ttle despairing glance towards Sabina. Won't you come in, Sabie ?" she said. Will you?" said Walter Lindsay, quickly. " Oh, yes," was the placid answer. And so before he- knew what he was about he found himself engaged to dance with Sabina; and quite inadvertently he took her band so as to put her in proper position, and bis heart was beating pretty quickly, and the music that had now begun nude a fervonr in bis brain, so that the little speeches he made to her were rather incoherent. Fortunately they were " sides," and in the period of waiting, Sabina looked on calm and bland and smiling. When it came to their turn she went through the various-evolutions with a simplicity and ease and grace that entirely surprised bim and wrought him a more deadly woe than ever. Was it her beautiful figure, then, that cansed her slightest movement to appear so fine «ndfinished? And then-she was so gentle and dignified in her . self-possession, and Janie'A^yes, as he could see, were full of admiring pride.; she seemed to be saying—" Is not our beautiful Sabie perfect in everything she does:?" And, of course, he pretended to have forgotten the figures in order to have information given bim in an undertone; and he rather lingered in letting go her hand when they returned to their places; and he, too, spoke to her in an undertone,'as if to shut away the outer woild. But alas! this close companionship could not last for ever. The music and the dancing.ceased, and he had to take her back to_ Mrs. Wygram. It was Perdita he was thinking of, and Florizel's speech to her:— " What you do still betters what is done . . • • When you do dance, I wish you a wave o' the sea, that you might ever do nothing but that." Only this was rathei: a tall and stately Perdita, though her manner was gracious enough. Madame Sfecchi was now singing the Casta Diva air from "Norma," bat he did not listen attentively; he was busy with the fear that that officious young Mellord would presently be bringing along some partner and stealing Sabina away from him. And he was resolved that no such tiling should occur. So he charged them not to move from their present position, and slipped away through the crowd and reached his hoBtess. "Mrs. Mellord," said he, "are you going to be awfully goad to me J" "I always am," was the prompt reply. Yes; but this time especially ?" " What is it?" "Miss Zembra and the Wygrams are not going to stay late, and I want to show them tbe supper-room; £ have heard about the roseB. May I take them in ?" " The candleB are not lit yet." "Oh, but there will be some kind of light." " Very well, then." And then she looked at him with laughing bnt friendly eyes. Promise to be grateful to me all your life. I will let you give them snpper now, if you can find any." . "No; may I?" -"But get the servants to put the table straight—don't forget that." And right gladly and swiftly he went back to his friends; the music had not yet finished; Sabina was still there. "Cone along," said be, "lam commissioned by Mrs. Mellord to take you into the supperroom—before any one else goes in—come along 1" And then he bundled them away, and guided them across the npper hall, and opened the ponderous rosewood door, and ushered ihem into this long, dimly-lit chamber. But ec£n these few Jamps showed what a beautiful room it was—the abundance of flowers, the silver candelabra, the crystal and china making the table very pretty indeed. Then it was cool and qoie£ and mysterious; there was no servant of any kind near; they were as children who had stolen into some forbidden place. Of course, the women-folk would not near of bis attempting to get them any supper. Would be disarracge that beautiful table? They could get some refreshment, if they wanted any) »the other room. Then said Janie— " Mother, Sabie is tired after her long day's work. Let her stop here, in the cool. We will go back and look at the dancing." Sabina was nothing loth; this room was indeed much less hot than the others; he had got her a comfortable chair; and, when she bad iice, she enjoyed laziness luxuriously. What did she talk to him about? It seemed a matter of little concern to her. He was all eagerness to interest her—about a dozen different subjects; bat she answered as if the mysterious lights, and the cool aimospuer?; and the scent of the roses were enough for her. She lay a little back in her chair; the solitary diamond in the s'ender necklace round her throat flashed from time to time; she never raised her eyeB to his ; she seemed content—and blandly indifferent. But thereWBB a growing wildness in his brain; at any moment she might carelessly rise and signify her wish to return to the ballroom; and ne could not control her going. He tr.ok a rose from the bed of roses. "Miss Zembra, will you give me this rose !" he said, in rather a low voice. In an instant she seemed to be startled into half-consciousness, and to recolleect where she was—and what Mrs. Wygram would probably Bay of her. The next moment she had risen and taken the rose and placed it gently back on the table. " We must not rob Mrs. Mellord, she said with perfect quietude, "And now shall we go back?" "I would wait ten years to get that rose from you," he said, for this madness waB still in his brain. Perhaps she did not hear. She preceded him calmly to the door; and there, indeed, she lingered for half a second until he rejoined her; and together, as if nothing had happened, they returned to the Wygrams. But he was very pale; and all this thing around him was phantasmal—the din and splendour were alike bewildering; he looked on, but his eyes were blind. Sabina began to_ question Mrs. Wygram about going, and this somewhat recalled bim to_ himself. Nay, she spoke to him too, and with no studied coldness, bat rather with a certain timidity. Had she heard, and yet was not angry ? Or was it that she was too gentle to be angry?—she would rather pretend not to have heard at all. Very soon tbe Wygrams anrl Sabina left; and for him the rose-scented bill was over. He returned no more to thos-e brilliant rooms, with their blazing candelabra and beautiful dresses and gay music. He put en his th<"n summer overcoat and went away listlessly— and yet with a kind of excitement in his brain—through the dim gas-lit streets, down by Gloucester-road, and Cornwall Gardens, and back by Victoria-road, and so, and stealthily, through Kensington-square. The lights were already out in the well-known house. And then he wandered away up in the Notting-hill direction, until he reached his own home: and there he went into the studio, and turned up the gas, and threw off his coat, and sat down. What had happened? And right well he knew; no further disguise or pretence was possible now; his inmost soul had spoken—to himself, if not to her. 