CHAPTER XX. SNOB'S GUIttiY. It was a high old time at Snob's Gaily. Ever -since the news had come that The Ad miral had unearthed a nugget of monster proportions, the. township had been in a fer ment ; for the claims had struck work, and every, man on the diggings had come into view the welcome stranger. There it lay—a hage -misshapen mass of dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of quartz. Beauty it possessed not; yet every heart beat high with the hope of one day owning its like. For its exhibition, the largest reom in the leading public house had been chartered by the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and all day long a stream of visitors kept pouring in and out; whilst the traffic in drink and eatables threatened to exhaust the resources of the establishment. Snobb's Gully was among the youngest of the gold-fields of that day. The original pro spector was a shoe-maker, hence the eupho nious title, which had been bestowed upon it, after digger-fashion, by some wit among the shoe-maker's successors. When the original" snob " first drove his piok into the soil, it was a charming gorge, Between' two high mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery creek wonnd its placid way through' the golly* and tangled masses of creepers_• hong in festoons from tree to tree. One short month later, and the gaily was transformed. Trees and creepers had dis appeared ; the creek had become a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill eidea were covered with tents and huts of every description. The township—is there not '..something offensive to the taste in the very expression, "township"?—was situated at the-end of the gully, where it widened out into a "fiat," and consisted, for the most part, of stores and publio houses. Of these the most pre tentions was the " Snob's Arms," at which the ooaches stopped, andthere was actually a billiard-room, containing a dreadful tra Testis of a iulliard-table, and numerous small tableB which were nightly occupied by euchre and cribbage players. _The Snob's Arms boasted also a dancing saloon, and two real, j live barmaids, of undoubted personal attrac- j tions, and limitless impudence. It was a slab house, or rather a congrega- j tion of slab huts of various dimensions, bark- j i roofed, and cunningly oonneeted by covered j I passage way. I In the dancing saloon, reposing upon a red : blanket, on a table improvised for the occa sion out of slabs placed on trestles, lay the monster nugget. At the head of the table, seated in an arm chair, sat the Admiral, the lucky proprietor of the huge mass of gold, which he from time carressed and patted, as if it had been a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of the hundreds of men working at Snobs Gully, he was perhaps the least considered. One stroke of the pick, and behold him a king amongst men! Oh, wonder - working enchanter, divine gold i without thee, life is a wearisome, struggle— with thee, a carnival of delight! At least, that is the poor man's views of the matter— when I have found my nugget, I shall be able to deal with the question from the other stand-point. The Admiral—so-called, perhaps, because of all living men he was in appearance farthest removed from the popular ideal of an admiral—was a week-eyed, week- kneed, sandj-haired little man, who had hitherto, as became one of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself so much in the back ground that nobody knew anything about him. A few hoars, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and he now occupied the place of honor as if to the manner born. It really was astonishing to find that he was not only genial, but withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that fell from his inspired lips, and never prophet of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of ad mirers he told the same words; yet even those who had heard it early in the day, and often since, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. "Ye see, gentlemen," he would say, "me and my mates knowed there was somethin' good in that there ground. Folks used to tell us, we'd never come on it; but we know'd better, and there she is!" Here he would point exultingly to the nugget, whilst his hnarers J and wished—oh, eo dearly 1—that it had been their fate to tell the tale. " I'll not deny that there was times when we felt kinder bad about it,times when tucker was scarce, and licker eciarcar,"—The landlord winced at this remark,for his conscience smote him as he recalled sundry interviews between himself and The Admiral, and in which he had displayed anything but a " trusting " spirit. •■There was times even when my mates sez « Let's shift our pegs;' but I never gave in I I know'd we was bound ter strike it rich, and strike it rich we have—gentlemen, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my shout, and champagne's the drink to-day." Need it be said that thiB speech of The Ad miral was received with ever- increasing en thusiasm? Who, that knows anything of digger-nature, will doubt that an orator ol this stamp was accredited with the possession of more than the average supply of wit and wisdom? Towards midnight the fan grew fast and furious; and when the eoaoh from Forest Creek drew up at the door of the public-house, it may safely be said that not one of itB in mates (of the male sez) was sober. Under ordinary circumstances, the arrival of the coaeh-^which usually took place at about nine o'clock—was the event of the evining, and every, body turned out to stare at new arrivals, andqaestion the driver. Great then was the surprise of Jack For rest—Gentleman Jack, as he was called— who held the reins on the night in questson, when not ever bo much as a groom came to meet him as he drew up at the door, in as gallant fashion as the fagged horses could ac complish. " Well, I'm d—d 1" he mattered. " Here's a start 1 Anybody dead, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, please," he added, addressing a passenger, who occupied the box-seat. " I'm going in to rouse up some of these ducks. Confound my cats! I'll let them know who they're fooling with, in a quarter lees then no time." Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying oat his threat, a little voice in the interior of the vehicle said, " I think we have arrived, ancle," and presently the curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at the apertnre, that one of the grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towards the coach, started as if he had seen a ghost, and fell over into the horBe- troagh, much to the discomfiture, but greatly to the delight, of the outraged driver; who, ac companied by the landlord, appealed on the threshold at that moment. "Let me help yoa down, miss," said Gentleman Jack offering his hand. " These coaches are rather awkward for ladies." " Then we have arrived, sir ?" asked the young lady, timidly. "Yes, miss, this is Snob's Gully," said the landlord obsequiously, but with a larch to leeward, which showed that he, too, had suc cumbed to the influence of the petroleum champagne. " And this is the Snob's Arms —though I sez it, as shouldn't, the leading hotel in the place. Was you for stopping here to-night, miss?" 41 Yes—get ns some supper at once, and show ns to our bedrooms," answered a gentle man who had come round from the other side of the coach. " Come inside, Alma, the groom will look after our luggage." Poor little Alma—for it was indeed our heroine — cold, tired, hungry, and half frightened, took her ancle's arm submissively enough, and they were presently ushered into the room off the bar, which was dignified by the name of the best parlor. The furniture of this apartment consisted of a ricketty bush sofa, a round table, covered with a blue blanket in lieu of table cloth, two or three decrepit chairs, and an old safe, which did duty as side board. Alma sank on the sofa exhausted, and would fain have relieved herself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vex her uncle. " Cheer up, child," said that gentleman, divesting himself of hi« overaoat. " A hot glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall have in a minute. What is the meaning of that noise ?" he asked. This question was addreS3ed to one of the barmaids, who entered while he was speak ing—a young lady with brilliant, beady black eyes, very red cheeks and lips, and a mass of oily black hair, which towered at least a foot over the crown of her head, and ' thence descended, in a cascade of tight cork Bcrew curls, halfway to her waist. j j " It is a nugget/' she replied in a mincing tone. " The Admiral's party have found a I big nugget, and they're a-keeping it up in the ballroom. Would the young ladylike to take anything ?" "Yes, Bhe would," replied the Professor, sharply, " A glass of weak brandy and water, hot, for her; and a strong glass for myself. Look smart about it, if you please." The damBel laoked unutterable things at the person who had the audacity to address her in. each an unceremonious manner, and flounced out of the room with a twist of the skirt which narrowly escaped knocking the aggressor down. by their breath, whilst her ear was oaenaea by many a mattered oath, and that horrible snoring and gnashing of teeth which attends the sleep of the drunkard. Later on, the house was opened by the landlord—himself very much the worse for the debauch—and then, one by one, the sleepers arose, shivered, and staggered into the bar in search of a 44 pick-me-up." Mr. Johnson had been able to get to bed, and, after three or four hours sleep, made his appearance, apparently eufferiug ie^e than might have been expected. He was evidently a seasoned vesselfor, after a brandy-and Boda, he was actually able to smoke a clay pipe, whilst breakfast was in course of pre paration. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for the appearance of this guest at their table, j He had risen early, and called Alma mto the , parlor, longb before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What he told the girl, it is not neeessary to repeat—it was simply a lie, con cocted for a purpose, and it served that pur pose—at least so far as concerning Alraa, that, however objectionable a person Mr. Johnson might be, it was highly important that he should be flattered and concili ated. The poor girl presided at the breakfast table in a state of trepidation which threat ened, at any moment, to culuminate in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was even more objectionable than she had expected to find j him. In the first place, he brought with him j into the room an aroma of brandy and stale j tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she j was wholly tinable to swallow a mouthful of I food. Thsn he ate like: a barbarian, using j his a6 if it had been a lark, and there- j after helping himself to hatter with the skme implement. Ae for his conversation, it was : more than offensive to the girl. His compli- i ments were coarse, and accompanied by ! horrible leers, and lewd glances, which even a child could not misunderstand. Moreover he would talk. The Professor vainly strove to relieve his niece by taking upon his own shoulders the chief share of the conversation; bat Mr. Johnson coald talk and eat at the same time, and thus enjoyed the advantage which he pushed to the uttermost j being, in point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, and laboring under the hallucination that he was decidedly coming out strong, ana making an impression. How long that meal endured, Alma never knew. It seemed interminable—for Johnson was one of those happy individuals whose ap petite is increased by copious potations, and \e had no idea of ceasing to eat as long as there teas anything eatable left on the table. ^ At last he looked around, and sighed the sigh of repletion, then he commenced to use his fork as a toothpick. Even the professor could not, however, stand this last proceeding, and he arose hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, and prepare to accompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took the hint and escaped may easily be conceived; but she was not euSered to depart without the promise of farther torture, for Mr. Johnson, without rising, intimated a desire, if she had no objection, to accompany her and her uncle in a stroll among the claims. j As the door closed the Professor turned to i M'. Johnson with a gravity of manner which : erea impressed that individual, and caused him to ask uneasily—" What's up now ?' " Can we be overheard?" asked the Pro- j fessor." I "If we don't yell out, and there don't happen to be anybody listening at the door, replied JohnBon, "I should say we can't. Especially as there is an infernal row going on as it is." . Truth to say, a large number of the Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they were all still more or less intoxicated, the noise soon became deafening; " Mr. JohnBon," began the Professor, " if I mistake not, you have not always borne that name. , , , _ ' The fork fell from the man's hand with a crash upon the table, and he stared, open mouthed, at the Professor, whilst a pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his faoe. , " I think," continued the professor, that you were formerly known in London by the name of Thomas Sumner." Mr. Johnson took up the fork, and re commenced picking his teeth. " Well, sir," he said, • * what then ? Many a man does not care to be known by his own name on the diggings." This was said in a confident, defiant tone wholly at variance with the man's behaviour when first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor scored a point— he con cluded at once that the gentleman before him had been known also by another name, and that there were circumstances attendant upon his bearing that name which made him dread ; its discovery. " Of course," said the Professor, " it very often is desirable to conceal one's identity. J merely asked the question, because I thought you must be Thomas Sumner," (To be continued.) ■ 'Moscow has never quite recovered from winch followed and put an end to the French occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high days and holidays, an^ air of languor hangs about the holy city, which for many centuries was Russia's actively beating heart. Perhaps it is partly for that very reason that it is far dearer to the Russian mind than St. Petersburg, the younger and more animated rival which has supplanted it. The city which Peter the great founded on the swampy islets at the mouth of the Neva fairly represents the force and energy of the Russian Government, the splendor of the nobles, the might of the military. But Moscow, with its hundreds of churcheB and shrines, its repose suggestive of some land where it is always Sunday^, afternoon, is far more in keeping with the ideas nearest to the heart of the Bussian people, more in har mony than the glittering Northern capital with the deep devotion which the peasant feels towards the Church, and towards that fatherland with which the Church is in his mind so intimately connected. From all parts of the empire, from the swampy homes of fever and plague where the Volga poura itself into the Caspian near Astrakhan, from the shores of the lakes and the shades of the forests lying far away northwards toward Archangel and the Arctic Ocean, from the rich "black soil" lands of the more genial South, and from the far-off settlements stretching away in progressive lines into Central Asia, there come bands of pilgrims, who wander from one shrine to another, visiting the spots which are to the Russian mind most dear and holy, and who return to their native villages with a vast store of religious experience, and with a reputation somewhat akin to that of the mediajval palmer who had visited the holy places at Jerusalem. Such are the visitors whom we see standing before the porch of the Cathe dral of St. Basil at Moscow. The men in rough capB and sheepskin tunics, with shoes made of lime-tree bark on their feet, their legs bound round in the old Scythian or Ssrmatian fashion, the women with handker chiefs tied over their heads, all with wallets slung around them and long pilgrim-staves in their hands, from very picturesque groups -as they gather before church doors or in the courts and cloisters of the monasteries. A waterproof garment—The coat of the toper's stomach. 