IN A CHINESE THEATRE. Under this heading Mr. G. B. LampUgh In JW/ton', J/ajoane, give, an amusing .count of Chinoao histrionics and how to enjoj them. We appond somo oxtracta : To sec the wholo play you will ha»o t. „ at 4 in the afternoon andBtayBtillmwS0 "You mu.t not Btir ; thero aro no inS„ and you might mar all by this BtartiLg % umat watoh intently U, » ou di?tfui»ua <"><! traneformatiimi jn .60UO out scantily olad mars, appanr in flowing robes 14 feat m turonco, with a gorgeous helmet 2 fcotS" but you must bo able to rooognis, hhn. 5 must look beyond the streaming beard' and moustacho that hang so oddly in front a- fnco like a veil You must oof bo deeeivti by appearauoee -' there aro cozener, abroad lbat hero is not necessarily dead bTamo hia head liaa apparently boen out " 5 —it may bo has only Buffered ennL,?, mentj nor this man bo alive booac." be £ stalking rouud the stage with tho othmJ! there are auoh things us spirits ond dreT and this mou may perchance be a dream or a spirit. If you need an iutorpreter, find out a lriondly OUmamon iu tho audience who W speak a little ifluglish-a washerman or a domeatio servant— and elt near him. Then wheu a now oharaolor appears, you can make your inquiries. You may learn 'him aU« eamq good, him all light,' and fool coutideace i" h"u accordingly j or it may bo that jour neighbor s opinion is unfavorable, and he thinii him heap bad, him alio same dobbil,' when you will expect to And tho now comer doine wickedly, oven though ho have no black and wh.to paint on his face. Thus you w.U be able to eopurato the ohoop front tho goats." Mr. Lamplugh advises tho visitors to be ouretul to disregard tho manoriBms of the aotorsi every stage is stagy. "Do not allow yourself to be annoyed by tho set, stalking gait, tho short, quick atrido, and the ridi- oulously sudden wheeling about ,of tbo men nor by the distressingly affected and minoing air ol tho Indies. Hood not that constantly recurring, rapid curling fling ol tho log, whioh Bosnia to twist that member ulmost into a knot -the movement may not ho meaningless to tho initiated, though it acorns so to you. Dearu to Und pleasure in the htho uoatoesscs of tho actors, and ia the quick, doliciuo movoiuuuts of tho wrist aud hands with which they iollow tho music- for more is muaio, and muoh of i t,-and a verv important aud characteristic part it plays, li is a maB8 of aouud forced from gongs anc cymbals— aovoral of oacb, perhaps, manned vigorously — from tom-toms, from curious loud fiddles, from mouth instruments that emit a lilaro louder thou u trumpet, and from twang ing instrument!! with strings. Loud noise, come from all j tho sound varies but never coasua j it is incossuut and etuuuing." Hero uru somu problems that will present themselves to tho mind of tho visitor who is unlearned in tho Chinese lauguugo' "Two hurouB kayo beeu lighting— why, and with what result? Isoituor dead? and if so, whioh of thorn ? Tho man iu magnificent raiment, with tho ournust face, why dues ho warble so often and so painfully abovo his loose moustacho ? Aro thoy mere ballads ho Bings to ptoaso the audience, or does his themn carry forward ihe plot? Tub grave old gentleman with wings m his helmet— ia he a terrestrial or a celestial ? And the superior pcrsonago who makes suoli litful entrances— ia ho from above or below ? What relationship exists botweou tiio two ladiea ? Is tbo oldor a sister, or a mother, or a mother-in-law ? Do Chinese doc tors always prize open the jaws of tbeir reluc tant patients with a short stick before tbey admiuislor doees ? Whence this sudden acces sion oi strength to the persecuted man, which enables him to become all at onoo tbo porseeu- tor? lias tho doctor's medicine, or his own long prayers, caused tho grateful change?" The author thus doscribos a pathetic pieco that ho onco saw iu Victoria, Vancouver's lalaud, whioh shall bo called Two Broken Heart t : — ' A maidon sits woopiug ou the stogo, Hor father, once opoworlul mandarin, has had to fly with hor from bitter ououilea who still pursuo thom. Sho had fallen blind through thu witohcruit and wicked spoils of their persecutors, and, in thoir long flight, has been guidod by grasping tho shalt of her fa tlior's spear. Now thoy huvo oome, without friend or tollower, to a dosort placo, and sho has suuk down oxlrausted. Her father leaves hor to rest for a few moments, whilo he gees out to reconnoitre ; and eho eits chanting a mournful song, meanwhile moviug hor hands aimlessly over the ground. Hor lingers touch something ; it is the huudlo ot her father's sword, una as she clutches her song suddenly stops, bho shivers us she raises, aud tries its keen edge ; and then once again hor song continences, moro mourn fully than before, liut it is sooa stopped for ever, fur she suddenly drops her uoek over the edge of tho sword, and quiotly dies. Hor lather, who is close at baud, rushes fruntioally forward to proveut her, but too late. In his wild griof he snatches up tho swonf, stained with hie darliug's blood, aud turns book ilea- poratoly to meet bis pursuers, boon he returns with au arrow bui'ibd deeply In his shoulder, which ho paiufully draws, and dies, and so the scene ends." As to humor : Mr. Lamplugh says ho has heard it said that tho tfhineao have uo sonse of humor; but ho does uot believo it. "What else is it that X have sometimes caught gleam ing in tho bright oyos of blaud, grava houso servants? What olee ha. causod the deep, low chuckle, coming from uomewhore lower than the threat that 1 huvo heard run through a group ot C'hinauioii us thoy listened to the jocoso narrative oi a friond's doings? i'er- itups tho form thoir humor tukes upon tbe ' stage will hardly satisfy the Western k standard. _ Here is u sauiplo whioh 1 saw in the 'Big Grand Theatre' at ban Fran cisco. It sliull ho called The Ghost who Hated Bores. Tho huro, u sea captain, comes iu and bunts himself at a tablo lu write ; hut he is heavy with sleep, his head soon droops and ha falls iuto a poucoful slumber. But scarcely has hla nap begun when he is disturbed by tbe hasty entrance of a breathless fellow who boglus, with au air of groat consequenoe, to pant out a loug talo of not the slightest im portance. The captain listens for a lime with wide open oyos ; but when ho flnds that the story has sullied down into an uninterrupted sing-song wnieh shows no prospect of rescuing an early conclusion, he triue to break the ' thread of the narrative. AU in vain, for the tedious fellow represses his interruptions with a deprecatory wave of tbo hand, and goes onhis monotonous way with head thrown back and uyos half closed in an ecataoy of delight at having seoured a listener. After a time the cnpiaiu, submitting to tbe inevitable, adopta the wisest course iu the circumstances, and dozos off to sleep again. Tho lioro is so satis- tiod with himselt, and so engrossed in hi. tale, that ho novor notices this, and still gooa on, seo-saw, sing-song,' with never a stop till tho audiouco (or at toast one of them) grow as wpary as the captain. But a mysterious avenger is at hand. A limping ghost of hor- rihlo appoarance, who remembers his own sufferings on earth, hops in unseen to duleud tlio capttiu. He squsts silently behind tho ohuir of tho story-toller, holding tbe olub in readiuuse to strike, while that worthy is still quito unoousciously jabbering his interminable 1 nonsense. Onco the club is raised threaten ingly ovor lilin, and twioo, and y et he goes on ; thou a thundering stroke descends on his shoulders which stops his voice so suddoaly that it lenvos him with opon mouth in tbo middle of a word. In comical terror he gazes about, in vain uttempte to find out wbonoe tbe blow camo, then in amazement seizes tbe sleeper and rouses him to toll of thin terrible new affair. But tho cup, tain listeusjwitb hazy in attention, ovidently thinking it some more of the same tale, ahd ho dozes of again immediately. The here, abandoned now to tho tender mcrcios of tbe spectre, runs hither and thizVer in horror, adopting llrst one plan and ffan another to discover or avoid his iuviiVVe assailant ; but tbe ghost crawlB alter iV wherever be goes, now olubbing, now ciutoh- ing liiin, until at last the poor wretch makes his escape half dead with fright, and the captain is loit to eleep in peace, while tbe ghost curls up by liis aide like a fnithlal dog whose, labors aro done." 