I , REVIEWS. I The Princess Casamassima, 8 vols. By HENRY JAMES. London: Macmillan and Co., 1886. Mr. James does not improve with age, for the present work is greatly inferior to any he has produced since he came into prominence as a writer of fiction. A critic remarked, concern- ing a discourse which he heard, that " it was not a great sermon, but only a great man could havo preached it" A somewhat similar remark might appropriately be made concerning " The Princess Casa massima." It is not a remarkable novel, but only a man of considerable natural ability and large culture oould have written it Tho interval between it and " The American " is very great, as great indeed as the interval between "Our Mutual Friend" and "David Copperfield." Like his namesake, the well-known English novelist Mr. James has certain marked pecu- liarities as a writer, and these are prominent in almost every book that he produces. They are very prominent in his latest work. The impression received by the reflective reader who has carefully perused any two of Mr. James' novels, is that tho author set out on his career with a resolve to be original, and not to teach great truths or to give pleasure. He is original; but the quality is not tho originality of genius ; rather, it is tho origi- nality of vanity. Novelists in general, including the majority of the most distinguished ones, usually make the narratives told, in their books end happily. There are some novels that are exceptions to this rule, and amongst these are some of tho most powerful that have ever been written. But none of the distinguished novelists of the past wrote more than two works that had tragic .terminations. Mr. Henry James, however, concludes the greater number of his tales in a tragic manner. There is not, we believe, a single story in tho volume of collected tales which he published some time: ago that ends happily. This is a disagreeable peculiarity. It would be toler able in anyone who wrote to teach high moral lessons ; but Mr. James does not write for that purpose, at least such lessons are not found in more than one or two of his productions. It would appear that tho peculiarity is tho result of a determination to be quite unconven- tional, and to be as ' different as possible from other ' writers of fiction. Another peculiarity is abruptness in stylo. Mr. James has studied the art of what a critic of tho Greek poets calls " painting in the back-ground." There were three methods of doing this practised by those originators' of high-class literature. the most perfect was that of Homer, and consisted in making tho plot itself disclose what it presupposed, in not telling the reader, but allowing him. to infer how what he sees has come about. In " The Princess Casamas sima " Mr. James plunges into the middle of things at tho start; ho repeats the operation in nearly every chapter; and he does not give a formal description of any of his charaoters. What were their antecedents, and how they came into the situations in which they are found in the book, the reader has to find out for himself. The intention of the author is good, but the execution is defective ; how defective it is may bo gathered from a perusal of any translation of Homer, who was the originator and the most accomplished master of the art of painting in the background. Mr, James' art in this matter is that of a Chinese painter ; it is stiff and wanting in perspective. Tho title of the book was wrongly selected. Tho impression on the mind of the person Who takes it up is that tho Princess Casamassima is the most promi- nent character in the volumes. But In reality she occupies quite a subordinate position. She does not appear on the stage until towards the olose of tho first volume ; and all that is said about her, ot that sho hersolf says, oould bo contained in little more than a score of pages. Tho interest of the loader does not centre in her at all, although the author sometimos tries to mako it do so. From the artistic point of view, this is a fatal defect. We cannot call to mind any other novelist of importance who committed a similar mistake. Sir Walter Scott, Thackeray, Dickens, and George Eliot never did. A grave defect is that the book reveals entire ignorance of the movement which forms its ostensible raison d'être that movement is Socialism. Mr. James would have his readers believe that he has studied Socialism, whereas he knows next to nothing about tho subject. The correctness of this remark will be endorsed by any person who, after perusing tho '' Princess Casamas- sima,',' reads "Demos," a remarkable anonymous novel recontly published in London. Socialism is fully delineated in that book. Descending to minor details, Mr. James makes too much of insignificant matters, and his dialogues are far too long. The result is that he is often exceedingly prosy. Many pages are certain to be skipped by his readers ; and it seems incredible that their contents could have excited a feeling,of pleasure in the author whon he was composing them. The hero of the volumes, and the principal character, is a poison called Hyacinth Hobinson. Tho first chapter consists of a dialogue betveen his adopted mother, Miss Pyneont, and a inmate warder of Millbank prison, concovning the hero's mother, a Frenchwoman, who was thon lying at tho point o£ death in the prison, and had exproSsod a desire to see her boy. From frag- mentary statements made in tho course of tho narrative tho reador gathers that the woman had boon sentenced to a long term of imprisonment for having stabhod her husband to death. Tho man had beon one of the vilest of the vile though an English poer-and by his treatment of ? har he had provoked his wifo to vindiotive retalia- tion. Tho boy was taken to see his mother, and tho scone in the prison is described at great length, but without vivacity or pathos. Nothing mora is told of tho hero until he had arrived at manhood's years. The reader then makes his acquaintance as a Frenchified English working man, who had learned tho trade of a bookbinder, and learnod it thoroughly, who was an adept in the use of the French language, who has read a good deal of miscellaneous literature, and who had a tendency to Socialism. In process of time he joins a Socialistic club, where he hears tho doctrines of the party, none of which, however, are explainod by tho author, and whore he makes the acquaintance of a hard-headed young chemist, who professed to ho heart and soul in the Socialistic move- ment. This acquaintance resulted in an introduction to the chemist's sister, who was a paralytic, but who possossed high intelligence, and who had not tho slightest sympathy with Socialism. She expressed her opposition to tho system in a sentence which is one of the few suggestive ones in these volumes. Re ferring to calls that were made upon her by a lady of title, she is represented as having said : " If every one was equal, where would be the gratification I feel in getting a visit from a grandee : No, no ; no equality while I am about the place." One evening the hero was in a theatre in company with a female friond, and during the perfotmanoo he attracted tho notice of a lady and a gentioman who oecupiod ona of the boxes ; it tuinod out that the gentleman had mot Hyaointh sovoral evonings previously. Ho carno round to tho latter, and informed him that the lady in the box desirod to mako Me acquaintanoo- Ho was told that she was tho Prinooso Casam- assima, and that her object in wishing to know him was to obtain information concerning tho oondition of the working-classes. Ho went alono to tho box ; the prinoess introduced horsolf to him, and engaged him in a most uninteresting conversation for nearly half an hour. From hints and fragments scat- tered through tho suooeoding chapters, tho reader gathors that the lady, who' is described as being' | exceedingly beautiful, "Was the wifo of an Italian prince, from whom she had separated because in a moment of passion he had turuod her out of dooirj. From henceforth hor lifo was mixod up with that of hor new-made friend, for what reason the author «iocs not mako eloar. Sho, howover, becomes a Socialist, and at ono Stago of her career she puts her principles into practice, aooording to her understanding; of the matter, by breaking up her aristocratic resi dence and taking, a house in a terrace in a shopkeepers' suburb, where she lived for a time after the manner of people who possess only moderate incomes. From first to last she never uttered an opinion about Socialism that was worthy of tho slightest notice ; but she gave large sums of money to the cause, and when she had given all she possessed, it was intimated to her that she was no longer needed. From remarks made by ono of the brotherhood, who had conducted tho blooding opoiaf ion, tho roader 1*1 to infer that she got tired of her mission, and returned to husband and hor old lifo. Thus she passos out of the history. As for the hero, ho was provoked "by a gono- ral accusation of cowardice made by a Socialistic fire- brand at one of the meetings of tho brotherhood, into declaring that he was ready to do anything that would ffect any good, even though the doing of it cost him his life. He was taken at his word, and hurried off. to the Gorman leader, who used the woapbn of assaesination to accomplish the objects of tho order. In his presenoe he swore t» do whatever was commanded Mm, even to the taking of human life. At tho end of a year, during whioh period Hyacinth visited Europe and largely increased tho storo of his intellectual wealth, the command to remove an obnoxious citizen reached him. Ho had long be- fore resolved that when the command came ho would not obey; but ho also know what disobedience involved and so he determined to take his own life. Tho story abruptly closes with the . discovery of his dead body, still warm, by his friends. Tho work, we re- peat, cannot be called a success, and it will detract from, rather than add to; the reputation of the author. Renaissance in Italy. Tho Catholic Reaction. Two volumes. By JOHN ADDINGTON SYMONDS. London: Smith, Elder, and Co. 1886. Those two volumes completo Mr. Symonds' history of tho Renaissance in Italy. The whole work consists of seven volumes. The first five deal with .' The Age of the Despots," "The Revival of Learning," "Tho Fine Arts," and "Italian Literature." Tho subject of tho last two is tho history of social, intel- lectual, and moral conditions in Italy during the 70 years of the sixteenth century which followed tho coronation of Charles V. at Bologna. In his opening chapter tho author reminds his readers of what Italy had done for civilisation. It " gave Europe the Roman Republic, tho Roman Empire, tho system of Roman law, the Roman languagos, Latin Christianity, and, lastly, all that is included in the art and culture of the Renais- sance." But this great country that had done so much for the world was destined to sink into utmost degra- dation ; and tho interval between 1500 and 1600 marked tho period of her fall. Tho history of this poriod ia Italy, says Mr. Symonds, is " a prolonged, a solemn, an inexpressibly heartrending tragedy. It is the tragic history of the oldest and most beautiful, tho noblest and most venerable, the freest and most gifted of Europe's daughters, delivered over to tho devilry that issued from the most incompetent and arrogantly stupid of the European sisterhood, and to the cruelty, inspired by panic, of an impious theocracy." He further remarks: " After tho yoar 1530, seven Spanish devils entered Italy. Those were tho devil of tho Inquisition, with stake and torture room, and war declared against the will and soul, and heart and intellect of man ; tho devil of Jesuitry, with its sham learning, shameless lying, and casuistical economy of sins : tho devil of vice-royal rule, with its life-draintng monopolies and gross incapacity for government ; the devil of an insolent soldiery, quartered on tho people, clamorous for pay, outrageous in their lusts and violences ; the devil of tho fantastical taxation, levying tolls upon tho bare necessities of life, and drying up the founts of national wellbeing at their sources ; the devil of petty princedom, wallowing in sloth and cruelty upon a pinchbeck throne; tho devil of effeminate hidalgoism, ruinous in expenditure, mean and grasping, vain of titles, cringing to its masters, arrogant to its inferiors. In their train these brought with them seven other devils—idleness, disease, brigandage, destitution, ignorance, superstition, hypocritically sanctioned vice." Tho principal of these demons were the Inquisition and tho Society of Jesus. These were indeed more destructive than all the others combined, and it is they who caused tho ruin which fell upon Italy, and from which she did not begin to be emancipated until tho expiration of 250 years. These institutions were the outcome of the Catholic reaction that was provoked by tho Lutheran Reformation, and they were amongst tho instruments used by the Papacy to arrest that movement. The Tridentine Council was another instrument. Tho greater part of Mr. Symonds's first volume is occupied in narrating the history of tho Council of Trent, the Spanish In- quisition, and the Society of Jesus. Many accounts of these have been published, and every student is familinr with one or more of them; but Mr. Symonds gives some particulars which have tho attractions of fresh ness and novelty, and many of his remarks and criticisms are worth repeating. Everybody knows tho mannor in which the Council of Trent was conducted, and that, though consisting chiefly of ecclesiastical dignitaries, it was in reality one of the most secular assemblies ever held. The Fathers of tho Council were tho mouthpieces of Royal and Papal Cabinets, and during tho sessions of tho Council the pro- fane remark was constantly made that " tho Holy Ghost reached Trent in tho despatch-bag of couriers, with sealed instructions issued to ambassadors and legates." The council marked a crisis in tho history of Catholicism, for it confirmed the dogmatic founda- tions of tho Church, and thoroughly established the Papal prerogative. Before tho council it was doubtful whether the Church would hold its own in tho presence of the forces arrayed against it; but within a few years after its close all doubt on the subject was at an end, and the solidity of the Roman hierarchy, and the possibility of a vigorous counter-reformation, were assured. To Pius IV. belongs the credit of achieving this result According to an Italian historian, he took no interest in theology, and felt no sympathy for tho Inquisition ; but he was a man of consummate tact and worldly resource ; and he ac- complished by these what Hildebrand, who was infinitely superior to him in intellectual ability, could not have effected. Speaking of the results of tho Tridentine Council in relation to tho Roman Catholic Church, and of Pius IV.'s labours, Mr. Symonds says : " It is notice- able that these substantial successes were achieved, not by a religious fanatic, but by a jurist ; not by a saint, but by a genial man of tho world ; not by force of intellect and will, but by adroitness ; not by master- ful authority, but by pliant diplomacy ; not by forcing, but by following, tho current of events." " Thirty-eight years before tho death of this Pope, when Clement VII. was shut up in St. Angelo, it seemed as though tho Papal power might be abolished. Forty-five years after his death, Sarpi, writing to a friend in 1610, expressed his firm opinion that the one, the burning, question for Europe was the Papal power." Tho history of the Spanish. Inquisition seems to dis- prove tho familiar proverb that - " Tho blood of the martyrs is the seed of tho Church." But for that institution tho greater part of Europe would probably have accepted tho principles of tho Reformation, and Catholicism, notwithstanding the wisdom of Pius IV., and tho decrees of tho Council of Trent, would now be an insignificant sect. From, tho stand-point of Catholi- cism the Inquisition was not a failure, for it crushed heresy so completely in most of tho places where it was able to reach it, that it has never revived from that day to this. Tho inquisitors were murderers of the worst type ; but they understood their business, and they were as successful in it as they could reasonably desire. Amongst tho inventions of tho Inquisition was the Index Expurga torius, which Sarpi truly described as " the finest secret that has ever been discovered for applying religion to the purpose of making men idiotic." There is no need to occupy space in giving details of tho pro- ceedings of tho Inquisition, for the infamous story is known to everyone who professes only a superficial acguaintance with literature. The Society of Jesus was in many respects the antithesis of the Inquisition. Mr. Symonds explains tho contrast between them, in the following vigorous passage :— " The one worked by extirpation and forcible repression, tho other by mental enfeeblement and moral corruption. Tho one used fire, torture, imprisonment, confiscation of goods, the proscription of learning, the destruction or, emasculation of books. The other employed subtle means to fill tho vacuum thus created with spurious erudition, sophistries, casuistical abominations, and false doctrines piofitable to the papal absolutism." Nevertheless, Jesuitism contributed nearly as much as the Inquisition to tho triumph of Catholicism. The history of Ignatius Loyola, tho founder of the Jesuits, is amongst the most marvellous ever written, and it is well told by tho author of those volumes. No man who ever lived had deeper and more lasting enthu siasm, and few men have undergone more careful preparation for their life's work. Tho three marks of originality in Jesuitism are declared to have been " Loyola's withdrawal from all participation in the nominal honour of tho institution, his enrolment of tho' militia he had levied under tho name of Jesus, and tho combative functions which he ascribed to it." Tho policy and discipline of tho order prevented tho production of geniuses ; and Mr. Symonds mentions it as a remark- able fact that no really great man in any department of human knowledge or activity has arisen in the Com- pany of Jesus. The second volume of Mr. Symonds's work contains biographies of several notable Italians who lived in tho sixteenth century, together with criticisms of their literary labours. Tho three most conspicuous were Tasso, Bruno, and Sarpi. The first-named was the representative poet and the representative martyr of his age. So precocious was he that at tho age of 15 years he was competent to main- tain a literary discussion with advanced scholars. His first great work was produced when he was only 18 His intellect became disordered when he was still a young man; and he died shortly after he had attained his 41st year. Bruno was born in 1548, or four years after Tasso, and he was burnt at the stake at tho age of 34. He belongs to the very first rank of the world's philosophers. When he was 20 he fled from Italy to avoid persecution, and during the following 14 years he resided in France and England. Seven of his most important works were printed in London. They, however, bore tho impress, of Paris and Venice: but this was because, the English people of the day cared only for foreign, publications. This characteristic of the generation of that time still exists in tho people, although it may not be manifested in regard to literary wares. Bruno was tho precursor of Descartes, Spinoza, Leibnitz, Schelling, Hegel, Darwin. He was the very first to teach the truth of tho existence of numberless worlds in space illimitable. His genius and marvellous know- ledge are referred to by tho author in the following graphic remarks :— " We anticipate Descartes' position of the identity of mind and being. He supplied Spinoza with the substance of his reasoned pantheism : Leibnitz, with his theory of monadism and pre-established harmony. He laid down Hegel's doctrine of contraries, and perceived that thought was a dialectic process. Tho modern theory of evolution was enunciated by him in pretty plain terms. He had grasped the physical law of the conservation of energy. He solved tho problem of evil by defining it to be a relative condition of imperfect development. He sketched in outline the com parative study of religion, which is now beginning to be recognised as the proper basis of theology. Finally, he had. a firm and vital hold upon that supreme speculation, of tho universe, considered no longer as the battle ground of dual principles, or as tho finite fabric of an almighty designer, but its tho self-effectuation of an infinite unity, appearing to our intelligence as spirit amd matter, that speculation which in one shape or another con- trols tho course of modern thought." The Papal authorities could not tolerate such a man, and so when he returned to Rome they imme- diately seized him and put him to death. Sarpi was born four years after Bruno took orders early in life, and remained a priest until he died. He was a profoundly learned man, but his distinguishing characteristic was patriotism. He loved to promote the prosperity of Venice. He was tho author of tho pro- verb, "We are Venetians first, Christians afterwards." Ho detested tho Jesuits and tho Index. On one occa- sion he made tho stinging remark that if St. Peter had been directed by a Jesuit confessor, he might have arrived at denying Christ without sin. Almost his last words were, " May Venice live forever ! " These volumes are most instructive. Tho thought is often deep and suggestive, and always clear ; and the style leaves nothing to be desired. Tho author has, done his work thoroughly ; and he deserves tho thanks of all who are interested in the religious and literary movements of tho sixteenth century. 