: niAXTASÄTS OF THE LIVING: (St. James's Gazette.) The Society for Psychical Research have had to encounter a good deal of ridicule and opposition from various quarters. The bulky work on " Phantasms of the Living," which has been written for the most part by Mr. Edmund Gurney and recently published by the society, has not escaped this fate. The ridicule is undeserved. The opposition, except in so far as it comes from credulous persons who see that an attempt is being made to do away with their superstitions hypotheses, is mostly based on misconception. The origin of the ridicule bestowed on the Society for Psychical Research is easy to ascertain. The phenomena which the society has undertaken to investigatehaveoften been asserted toexiston insufficient evidence, and explained by obviously absurd theories. " Ghost" is to some extent a word that conjures up feelings of alarm and awe. To a much larger extent it is a word that excites contempt and scepticism. So ridiculous does the ordinary belief in ghosts" appear to sensible men, that they are apt to extend I the sentiment of ridicule to anybody whose subject-matter is the same as that of the ghost seers. The critics of the S.P.R. do not take the trouble to find out how for the modern investigators of ghost stories share the ridiculous attributes of their predecessors. It is enough that a man is discussing something which others have discussed ridiculously. He at once becomes ridiculous in the eyes of the many critics. Mr. Gurney's book on " Phantasms of the Living" consists of a very long and elaborate discussion of alleged appearances or phantoms of living people seen or otherwise perceived when the persons represented by the phan- teams were at a considerable distance from those by whom the phantasms were perceived or were in some other way inaccessible to the ordinary operation of the senses. Such phantasms are often alleged to have appeared when the person represented was either dying or about to die, or in some critical condition, or earnestly thinking of the person by whom the phantasm was perceived. Everybody has heard stories of this kind. Let us take the simplest case. B dies in Australia, thinking, in his last moments, of A, who is in England. At the very moment of B's death-due allowance being made for the difference of longitude an image of B is perceived by A, What is the course usually pursued by those to whom stories of this sort are related 1 Some- times the stories are disbelieved ; sometimes the facts related are attributed to an accidental coincidence ; sometimes it is alleged that, owing to the exceptional circumstances of the case, the "spirit of B was allowed, by a suspension of natural laws, to liberate itself from B's body, to traverse with extraordinary rapidity the intervening space, and to present itself, presumably in the spirit of B's clothes, to the distant A. Mr. Gurney rejects all these three ways of looking at the matter. He says that some stories of this sort are true that they can- not be explained by accidental coincidence and that the apparition was not due to any supernatural cause, but to a natural cause. B's spirit did not quit his body. There was no actual ghost wandering about the world at all. But B's mind so operated on A's mind as to make A imagine that he saw B. This power of one mind to affect the workings of another is alleged by Mr. Gurney to be a natural power, acting in subjection to laws or causes which it is at present impossible to determine with accuracy, and probably producing many effects for the cause of which we have never happened to seek ; while it also produces the apparitions for which supernatural causes have been so readily supplied. The first question to be asked is whether this book really contains the proof that such apparitions as have been mentioned have frequently been perceived. The sceptic is ready with a number of objections as to the tendency of the human mind to become confused the readiness of the memory to amplify and adorn faint impressions, and the disposition of mankind to tell deliberate lies. We are reminded that such stories are rarely told at first hand that a story passing from hand to hand gains a marvellous detail at every transmission that the tellers of the stories have never been subjected to a proper cross examination and so forth. But, however ingenious the sceptic may be, it will be very difficult for him to raise a single objection or suggest a single source of error and confusion in the discovery of which he has not been anticipated by Mr. Gurney. Mr. Gurney tests the stories which he has collected in a thoroughly sceptical spirit. He rejects second-hand evidence, demands corroboration, and scents out small inaccuracies of detail with untiring perseverance. He analyses the weaknesses of the human memory, and the possibilities of an honest belief in the occurrence of things which have really been imagined, with an acute ness which few of his critics could emulate. Mr. Gurney refuses to incorporate many excellent stories into his collection, on the ground of flaws so minute that less subtle and experienced observers might well have passed them over. The only point upon which his usual scepticism seems to slumber is as to the bona fides of his witnesses. Daily experience proves that persons of the highest character, for whose veracity many honest persons would go bail, sometimes lie grossly and deliberately for very inadequate reasons. It is in some respects a disadvantage to Mr. Gurney that he has had personal interviews or direct correspondence with most of his in- formants. It is hard to suspect a man whom you personally know of deliberate mendacity It is only when it happens that two such men directly contradict one another upon an issue where mistake is impossible that the compatibility of mendacity with respectability becomes evident. This often happens in law courts and elsewhere ; but a man who tells a ghost story is not often confronted by a man of equal re- spectability who is anxious to deny it. Let us suppose, then, that Mr. Gurney has considerably underrated the mendacity of the human race. It will nevertheless appear from a perusal of this book, that the stories of " phantasms " which have stood the severe tests invariably applied to them are so Numerous that a handled or so might h knocked off as conscious fabrications inst there would nevertheless rem vm more than enough to support Mr Gurney s argument Assuming the truth of the whole or (allowing for lies of some two thirds of the first hand stones which Receive Mr Gurney certificate of genuineness, we are not met by the li) apotheosis of accident d coincidence Nothing is easier than to say of a sin "he is partion that the man happened to see and that the other man happened to die at the same moment People are still dying , apparitions are often seen These fore there must be a coincidence now and then But this theory, excellent for a single case, breaks down when applied to the large number of cases presented in this book The S P E have been at the pains to collect evidence as to the frequency with which dehmtehallucmations raistakablefoi least are seen by sane and healthy people The percentage of people who have ever seen such hallucinations is ascertained, as Ought he, expected, to be exceedingly small ° It is then proved, by mathematical reasoning which is absolutely unanswerable, that if the apparitions alleged to have been seen at the time of the death 01 mental excitement of the person represented coincided with such death or excitement by mere accident hallucinations ought to be very common so common that everybody would have seen. one is decimation, and most people more than one If many stones of the appearance of living people, not actually perceptible by those to whom they appeal are proved to be true, and to be of a more numerous than those for which mere accident could account some other cause must beat work to do' duce them besides chance and the occurence of hallucinations to ordinary people To this cause the Society for Psychical Bese i h give the name of Telepithv Die point they try to prove is that brain sometimes works upon brain without the 01 dinny mechanism of the senses being used to produce the effect One man's thought gives a direction to another man's thought, without a word or a sign passes between them. The power by which a man can be made to think under the influence of another mind may also make him think in that peculiarly vivid form which constitutes a dream by night or the said h elucidation by day Evidence concerning mesmeric experiments and " thought reading 01 thought to preference is given, to show that minds do influence minds without assistance from the body The evidence 13 cue fully collected, well tested, and clearly stated It is true that some stones are told, and apparently proved, in this book, which the doctrine of telepathy is not adequate to explain Still, the chain of reasoning isastiong one, and the amount and goodness of the evidence are startling The d pr 1071 difficulty in believing in the pathy is no greater than in the 5 pc 1911 d (h culty 111 believing in sea or in other thing now firmly established as true, and the effect of the main argument in this book, supposing it to be established, is to reduce a large part of human experience from the vague theories of superstitious? guess it, and to increase the area of natural phenomena at the expense of supernatural hypo he» and ignorant incredulity It may be added that the book, though long and sometimes necesb only seasonal, is cleverly) mci brightly written and that the views of the society are urged in a spirit of model gallon and fulness towards those whom it may fail to convince 