THE SOLDIER'S PRAYER BOOK. A private soldier, by name of Richard Lee, was taken before the magistrate for playing cards during service. The sergeant commanded the soldiers at the church, and when the parson had read the prayers he took the text. Those who had Bibles took them out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, and pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. * The seigeantof thecompany saw him and said : " Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them." " Never mind that." When the services were over, the constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the mayor. " Well, " said the Mayor* " what have you brought the soldier here for ? " " For playing cards in the church." Well soldier, what have you got to say for yourself ?" " Much. I hope." . Veiy good : if not I will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book. I hare nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intention." Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the aoe ; " When I see the ace it reminds me that there is one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I seethe tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and Jolin. When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lights. There were ten, but five were wise, and five foolish, and shut out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made and hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, viz., Noali and bis wife, his three sons and their wires. When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of the ten that never returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the ten com mandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. When I see thejBLing, it; reminds me of the great King of Heaven which is'God Almighty. When I see the ,queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba. who visited Solomon, for she was a wise woman as he was a wise man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys apparel, for King Solomon to tell who were boys and who were girls. The Krugtsent for water for *them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told bv / " When I count how many spots are in a pack e£ cards, I-find three hundred and sixty five, as many days as there are ia a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty- two—the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the - number of months in a year. And on counting the number of tricks, I find thirteen—the number of weeks in a quarter. ' So you see a pack of cards serves for a Bible, & Common Prayer Book, and an almanac." " Well," said the Mayor, "you have described every card in the pad; except one." J "What is that?" ; " The knave," : said the «nayor." " I wiH give your honour a description of thst too, if you will not be angiy." . " I will not," said the Mayor, ^.if you do not .te an me to be the knare;" 1 a^ Thfi greatest knave tint I know of sman t^iat brought nig here." do not know," said the Mayor, . "if he be tbg^gteatest knave, but I know ï bei& die graapst fooL" 33bentté jttayor let him go. ^ , . W. Read's performances with tins season- have # been jexfaaorttmajy.* Miefigmesabdw that he has batted in thirteen innings lor an aggregate of 1,06£ ronSj and- an average of 106-4. His average for Surrey in all matches, so far, is 1Ô0. 