To Call Her Mine. |Br Walter Besant.] Author of '? All Sorts and Conditions of Men,' ' The liei- olt of Man.' ' Dorothy Forsier,' ?' Children of Gibeon,' §c. Chapter XL-DAVID'S REVENGE. Had I taken that canvas bag to Gratnor early in the morning instead of the evening, many things might hare turned out differently ; among other things, David's extra ordinary scheme of revenge might never have been possible. If I had told Daniel Lcigban the strange thing I had wit nessed from Hooknor Tor, he must certainly have con nected the box taken from Grimspound with tho box of his own papers. As for me, however, I know nothing1 till much later about that box of papers. 'I he scheme was almost worthy of David's American pals— the gentlemen who had all 'done something.' Tho box, when David had carried it home, proved to be quite full of papers. His own knowledge of papers and their value was slight, but he knew very well that signed papers had been his own destruction, and that the possession of signed papers made his uncle rich. I do not suppose that he could have known anything at all about shares, warrants, bonds, coupons, and such things. But he did know, and understood clearly, that the loss of a box full of papers would certainly entail the greatest inconvenience, and might cause a grievous loss of property. The loss of ordinary papers, such as share certificates and the like, causes only temporary incon venience, which maybe set right by the payment of a small fee. But there are some kinds of papers the loss of which simply means that of the whole investment represented. Among these, for instance, are coupons representing certain municipal bonds. They are made payable to bearer, and if they are lost cannot be replaced, lii this tin box David found certain coupons of this kind. They represented an investment of nearly £3000. This is a large sum of money, even in the eyes of m, rich man ; think what it mcaus to' a man who has made his money by scraping and saving, by scheming how to bost his neighbour, and by being as eager to save sixpence in a bargain as to force a sale for his own advantage ! Three thousand pounds ! It was tho half of the money which Daniel Leighan held in trust for Mary until 6he should lnarry with his con consent. He had almost brought himself to think that it was part of Mary's fortune which had been los-t, and that he would be able to deduct that sum trom the amount which he must pay her when he suffered her to get married. Three thousand pounds lost altogether ! For now six years had passed away, and there was not a single clue or 'trace of those coupons, so that those who did not believe that Daniel had been robbed were inclined to think that the papers, wherever he had left them, must have been destroyed to spite their owner. David called upon his uncle about eleven in theforenoon. He was received with the cordiality generally extended to all needy relations, and to those who think they have a right to 'expatiate upon their misfortunes and to ask for a temporary loan. Mr. Leighan shuffled his papers as a sign that he was busy and wished the call to be short, nodded his head with scant courtesy, and asked his nephew what he came for. ' I've come, uncle,' David began very slowly, spreading himself upon a chair like unto one who means to stay. In fact, ho placed his hat upon another chair, drew out his pocket-handkerchief and laid it across his knees, and produced a small brown paper packet. ' I've come, uncle ? ' ?' Don't be longer than you can help. David. Get to the subject at once, if you can. Say what you came to say, atuj then go away and leave me with my own business. It's high time' you were looking after your own. Will George Sidcnte give you a job ? ' . ' Curse your jobs ! ' said his nephew, flaming. ' I hear you borrowed a bed yesterday, and a chair and a table, and that you have settled in the cottage— my cottage. Very good. I don't mind if you have it rent free till you get into work, when you'll have to pay your rent like your neighbours. If you begin any more nonsense about robbing you of your land, out you go at once.' ' David, at the risk of seeming monotonous, uttered .another and a similar praver for the destruction of his uncle's cottage. . ' If that is all you have to say, nephew, the sooner you go the better. And the sooner you clear out of my cottage and leave the parish— do you hear, sir? — leave the parish— the better, or I'll make the place too hot for you ? ' '1 didn't come to swear at you, uncle,' said David, more meekly. 'If you wouldn't keep on— there, I've done; now hold your tongue and listen. I've got something very serious to say— very serious, indeed; and it's about your business, too!' ' Then make haste about it.' ♦'Six years ago, they tell me, you were robbed— that night when you fell off you pony, after I'd gone away.' ' It was the evening of that very day.' 'Ah!'— David's eyes smiled, though his lips did not— we little thought when 1 used those words with whicli we parted, how quick they'd come true. When you lay there on the broad of your back, now, your face white and your eyes;open, but never seeing so much as the moon in the sky, did you think of your nephew whose farm you'd robbed, and did you say * David, 'tis a judgment? ' ' ?- No, I didn't, David.' Afterwards Daniel wished that he had denied the truth of those details about the white face and the eyes which raw nothing; because, if a man is solemnly cursed by his nephew in the morning, and gets such a visitation in the evening, it does look like a provi d nee, regarded from any point of view. He did not, how ever, ask or suspect how David arrived at those details. ' I didn't say that, David. You inav be quite sure I didn't say that.' ?' You felt it all the more then. Very well. While you lay. there, as they tell me, someone comes along and robs you. What did you lose, uncle ? Was it your watch and chain and all your money ? ' MNo; my watch and chain were not taken, and onlv a little of the money.'' *' Uncle, you are sure you were robbed ? Do you think mat robbers ever .leave money behind them ? Was the money taken in notes, or was it in gold ? ' 'It was all in gold; fiftv pounds in one bag, twenty pounds in the other, and both bags in one pocket The Finall bag was taken, and the big bag left. But what does at matter to you?' » You shall see presently. I am goinc: to surprise you, ; ?uncle. What eke did you lose besides the little bag ? ' «l I lost a box of papers— but what does it matter to you ? - Did you come here to inquire about my robbery ? I 6up- . pose you are glad to hear of it.' ' ' \over mind, uuele. You go on answering my . questions ; I've got my reasons. L am going to surprise ' you. Wait a bit.' ' Well, then ; but what can you know ? It was a tin ] box secured by a lock and tied round with a leather strap ; I i tarried it in a blue bag— a lawyer's bag— hanging round my ] neck for safety.' ] ' What was in that box, did you say r ' ' David ! ' the old man changed colour, and bocamc per- i fectlv white, and clutched at the arms of hie chair and pulled himself upright, moved out of himself by the mere 1 thought. ' David ! have ycu heard anything ? have you : found anything r ' ' Wait a bit ; all in good time. What was in that box, ' did you 6ay, again ? ' 1 ''Papers.' I ' What kind of papers ? 'Wore they papers, for instance, '. that might make you lose money ? ' ] 'Money? David, there were papers in that box that could never be replaced. Money ? I lost, with that box, 1 papers to the tune of three thousand pounds — three 1 thousand pounds, David — all in coupons !' '. ' It was a judgment ! Why, my mortgages were not so ; very much more. Three thousand pounds ! Come, even ; you would feel that, wouldn't you ? Were there actually three thousand pounds in that box V' I 'The man who stole that box might have presented those ' couDons one by one, and got them paid as they fell due, ' wit tout questions asked — that is, he could until I stopped them. Oh! I could stop them, and I did; but I could never sret them paid until I presented them throujrh my ' own bankers. David, if you are revengeful you may laugh, ' for it is a blow from which I have never recovered They say that the paralysis in my legs was caused by falling from the pony, whereby I got, it seems, concus- ; /5ion of the brain. But I know better, David. A man like : me does not get paralysed in the legs by falling on his lead. 'Twas the loss of all the money— the loss of three thousand pounds— that caused the paralysis. And now, I ; sit here all day lonjr— 1 used to ride about on my own land ? all day Jong ! — and I try to think, all day and all night, if - 1 could have left that box anywhere, or given to anyone ' that bag of twenty sovereigns. David, tell me — I will reward you if you tell me anything to my advantage— have : you heard something ? ' ] David nodded his head slowly. ' Three thousand pounds,' he repeated. ' It was three ] thousand pounds.' ?' I'm not a rich man, David, though you think I am. As for taking your farm, if I hadn't taken it, somebody '- «lse would ; for you were a ruined man, David— you were ] a. ruined man. And now, even if I leave it to you in by ?will, for I must leave my property to someone — it is a hard ' ihing that a man can't take his property with him when he ] dies! — it would be little use, because Mary's money must come out of it. Oh ! it was a hard blow — a crn.3l) hard blow ! ' ' Yes,' said David. ' As a judgment, it was a— a — i a— wunner. I never heard of a nobler judgment. Three thousand pounds ! — and fall off your pony ! — and a paraly- ' sis ! — all for robbing me of my land. Did you ever offer i an v reward 'r' i :- No. What was the good ?' 'WouW you give any reward?' ' I would give — I would give — yes— I would give ten pounds to get that box back again.' 'Ten pounds for three thousand! That's a generous '- ?offer, isn't it ! ' , 'I'd give fifty pounds — I'd give a hundred— two ' hundred — four hundred, David.' lie multiplied his offer ' by two every time that David shook his head. ' You'd have to come down more handsome than four hundred pounds to get back three thousand pounds. Well,' he rose as if to go, ' that's all I've got to say this rooming. That will do for to-day. Much more handsome you would have_ to come down.' ' David !' cried his uncle, eagerly, ' what do you mean by being more handsome. Tell me, David— do you know anything ?' ' Why,' said David. ' I may know,[or I may not know. What did I tell you? Didn't I say that 1 might have something to sell ? Well — that's enough for this morning ?' He moved towards the door. 'David, David, come back! What have you got to .sell?' ' That is my secret ' — he stood with his hand on the door-handle ' If you tell a secret, what is the good of it?' ' David, stop— stop ! Do you know where that box was taken? Oh, David, put away your hard thoughts. Re member you were ruined already. I didn't ruin you; my heart bled to see your father's son ruining himself.' David made the same remark about his uncle's heart as he had made concerning his reference to jobs and his allu sion to the cottage. ' Look here, uncle : perhaps the box exists, and perhaps it doesn't. Perhaps I have learned where it is, and perhaps I haven't. Perhaps I've got a paper out of the box in my pocket at this minute, and perhaps— well, what would you give me for a paper out of the box, taken out this very morning, none of the other papers having been so much as touched? Not one of the books full of those coupons, or ?whatever you call them, but a paper worth nothing. What would you give for that, just to show that the others can be laid hold of?' 'Oh ! give it to me, David.' The old man stretched out : both hands with yearning eyes.] ' Let me look at it. Can it be that the box is found after all, and safe?' ^ '* If it is found, depend upon it that it is safe, uncle. Takuyour oath of that. The man who's got that box won't let it go in a hurry, particularly when he knows what's ; inside of it. Three thousand pounds! and, perhaps, if he knew it, his own, for the trouble of presenting them at the right place.' ' They've been stopped,' Daniel explained, for the second time. ?* You don't know what that means, perhaps ; it means that anyone who presents those papers tor payment will find the money stopped, and himself taken up for un lawful possession of the coupons — unlawful possession, David— which is seven years, I believe !' Pernaps he was not wise in giving this warning. For it ,: stands to reason that the coupons might have been pre * sented, and so the possessor been detected and the whole re £ covered. 1 ' Very well,' said David, who had that valuable quality, 2 often found with the slow mind, of imperturbability. 'But |; you can't touch the money without the papers, can you ? s .Not you. Very well, then. 'Without talking of those a coupons, as you call them, for the present, what should r you say supposing I was to show you now — this minute — \ one of the other papers that were in the box ?' : ' Do you mean it, David ? do you mean it ?' i ' I mean business, uncle. I mean selling, not giving.' ? '.'. 'I suppose,' said Daniel, trying to preserve a calm ex : terior, but trembling down to the tips of his fingers, ?? I ?i suppose, David, that the man who has the box has com municated with you because he thinks you are my enemy ?' ; ' You may suppose so, uncle, if you like.' ' And that he is willing to make a deal. Ee would give up the papers, which are of no use to him, inreturn for hard cash— eh, David 'r' ' You may suppose that, too, if you like.' i ' Papers stolen from me— papers the unlawful possession -; of which would ensure him a long; imprisonment.' ':l ' Just as you like, uncle. Only— don't you see ? — at the L.- first mention of the word ' imprisonment' all these papers 4 would be dropped into the fire, and then— where are you? ^ Ao more chance of recovering a penny !' : 'Show me— prove to me— mat '-you know something \- about the box.' . j ' I am going to prove it to you.' David left the door and came back to the table, standing over bis uncle. 'What will you give me, I ask you again, for only one paper outof tne box, just to prove that the other papers exist ? ' 'What paper is it?' 'You shall see; one of the papers that are worth nothing. I have actually got it in this packet, and you snail have it if you give me ten pounds for it ; not a penny less— ten pounds. If you refuse, and I have to take it back, ten pounds' worth of the couponB— now that I know heu- value— shall be torn up and burned. To-morrow I hall come back and make the same proposal, and the next day the same, and every day that you refuse you shall have ten pounds' worth of those coupons burned. When they are all gone you will be sorry.' _ Daniel' tj lips moved, but no words followed. The auda city of the proposal, which really was almost equal to a certain famous proposal in 'The Count of Monte Christo,' though neither of them had read that book, took his breath away ; but, if David had access to the bos, he was undoubtedly master of the situation. Mr. Leighan was the more astonished because hitherto he had supposed ais nephew to be a fool. Yeryfewmen are really fools, though their faculties may lie dormant. David, before his bankruptcy, was incapable of perceiving his own opportu nity in anything ; David, since his wanderings, especially with those rovers of America who had all ' done some thing,' had improved. ' How do I know ? ' Mr. Leighan asked. ' How can I tell that when you have got the ten pounds I shall be any nearer my coupons ; ' ' This way, uncle. Oh, I have found the way to con rince even you. In a day or two I shall come with another paper out of the box — one of those which are no use to any body—and you shall buy that of me on the same terms, [f you don't, I shall begin to burn the coupons. When we have got through all the worthless papers we shall get to the coupons, and then I shall begin to sell them to you as fast as you like to buy them, uncle — that \b to say, if we can agree upon the price. And L promise you that, before you have bought them back, you will be sorry that you ever foreclosed on Berry Down. It will be the dearest bit of land oou ever got bold of. Uncle Daniel, I think that before I've done you will ac knowledge that we are more than quits. I've seen a bit of the world since I saw you last, and I've learned a thing or two.' Daniel groaned. ' Uncle, before you give me that ten pounds, tell me how the devil you was able to send your own gliO6t after me every night. ' 'What do you mean?' ' I say, how did you haunt me every night ? Why did you command me to come home? What did you 'do it for?' 'What did I do it for?' ' After ? all, I'm come, and what is the consequence ? Michief to you, money to me : that's what has come of it. Mischief to you, money to me.' The jingle pleased David bo mush that he kept on repeating it— ' Mischief to you, money to mo.' 'Oh! I don't know— I don't know what this man means,' the old man cried in distress. ' What does he mean with Mr haunting and his ghost and his orders ? Nephew, I am getting tired ot this. Show me the paper if you have it with you, and I will tell you what I will do. Put it into my hands.' ' Well, I don't mind doing that. If you tear it up I shall want the ten pounds just the same. Itdoesn't matterjto me if you tear up all the papers. Now,' he unfolded the brown paper packet, 'what do you think of this?' He took out a paper somewhat discoloured by damp, ' What is this ? ' The Jast Will and Testament of Daniel ieighan.' ' He placed it in his uncle's hands. 'This is a precious document, truly,' said Daniel, ' a valuable document. Why, man, I've' made another will since.' «.?„, ' I don't care how many wills you have made. I don't care whether it is valuable to you or not. To me it is ten pounds. Ten pounds, uncle. Tear it up or burn it, just as you like. But ten pounds.' ' If I givelt to you, how do I know that you will give me back my coupons ? ' 'Why, you had better not even think of my giving you back your coupons. When did you ever give anything to anybody ? Do you think I shall return your generosity by giving you anything ? No, I shall sell you those coupons one by one. -'ou shall see your thousands melt away every day, just as you are getting them back into your hands. You took my land away at a single blow. 'I shall take your money from you bit by bit, little by little, like pulling out your teeth one by one.' ' You are a devil, David. You were only a fool when you went away. You have come back a devil.' ' Who made me, then ? You ! Come, don't let us talk any more. There is your paper. Give me my ten pounds and I will go. To-morrow or next day, just as I please, I shall come back.' Daniel Leighan' s hands trembled, and he hesitated. But he did notdoubt his nephew's words. He knew that the box had been somehow recovered, and that his papers were in David's reach, if not in his power. He opened his deisk, and took out of it one of those little round boxes which are made for bottles of marking-ink. A* sovereign juBt fits into those boxes. He kept one in his desk filled with sovereigns. Mary went over to Moreton once a month to get the money for him. He held this box tightly in his left hand, and began very slowly to count out ten pounds. 'Here, David,' he said, with a heavy sigh; 'here is the money. Heaven knows it is hard enough in these times to make ten pounds, and harder to give them away. The Lord send you a better heart, David.' 'Thank you, uncle; the same to you, I'm sure. If we both had better hearts, uncle, what fools we should look —eh!' 'If you had read this will, David, you would have found yourself put down for something good. Well, so far I forgive you. But don't tempt me too much, or you may find my real last will and testament a very different thing. You are my nephew, David — my only nephew, and I've got a good deal to leave— a good deal to leave, David.' ' As for my inheritance, uncle, I am going to take it out of you bit by bit— a little to-day and a little to-morrow. I shall enjoy it better that way. 1 think that's all Oh, no ! You may be thinking to charge me with unlawful impres sion of your property. If you do, the whole of the papers will go into the iire. Remember that ! And now, uncle, I think I've done a good morning's work, and I'll go away and have some beer and a pipe. Take care not to talk about this little matter to anyone, or it xrill be the worse for you— mind, not to Mary or to George or anybody. If you breathe a word all the papers go into the fire.' Chapter XII.— THE SECOND DREAM. When Mary camo in about 1 o'clock to clear the table and lay the cloth for dinner she found her uncle in a very surprising condition. He was in tears— actually in tears. He had been weeping. How along ago was it since Daniel Leighan had been seen to weep ? The misfortunes of his neighbours passed over him, so to speak, and left him dry eyed ; as for himself, he had met with no misfortunes in his life except the loss of his box of papers and the paralysis of his lower limbs. This is a grievous thing to endure, but a man — an old man— does not weep because one of the afflictions of age falls upon him. Yet Daniel's eyes were wet with tears, and his papers lay untouched upon the table, and he had turned his head unto his pillows, as Ahab turned his unto the wall. ' Why, uncle,' cried Mary, ' whatever is the matter?'' ' I wish I was dead, Mary ! I wish I was dead and buried, and that it was all over.' ' Why, uncle ? Are you ill ? ' 'No; I would rather be ill. I could bear any pain, I think, better than this ? ' ** Then what is it ? You are trembling. Will you take a glass of. wine ?' 'No— I can't afford it. I can't afford an luxury now, Mary. You will have to watch over ever penny for the future.' y^- ' What has happened, then ? ' ' I am a miserable man. I have been miserable for six years, thinking over my papers ; but I always hoped to find them. And now ? ' ' Now, uncle ? ' ' Now they are found— that is all. They are found, and I had never really lost them till they were found.' *' Where were they, after all ? ' ' I cannot tell you, Mary. I only heard to-day— by post — by a letter — not by word of mouth — that they are found. And they are in the hands of a— of a villain; a villain, Mary, who will rob me of I know not what, before I get them back. Don't ask me any more, don't tell any one what I have said; I must have told someone, or I should have died. Don't speak to me about it; I must think ? I must think! Oh! never in all my life before did I have to think so hard.' He could eat no dinner; this morning's business had taken away all desire for food. After dinner he refused his brandy-and- water, on the ground that he could no longer nfford'brandy-and- water. He also madB pathetic allusions to the workhouse. ' Come, uncle,' said Mary, ?' you will make yourself ill if you fret. You have said for six years that you had lost this money, and now you find that you really have lost it— if you have— and you cry over it as if it was a new thing! Nonsense about the workhouse; you are as rich as you were yesterday. Take your brandy-and- water. Here — I will mix it for you.' He took it, with many groans and sighs. ' Mar}-,' he said, ' David has been here again. He say6 it is all a Judgment.' 'All what, uncle?' ' All the trouble that has fallen upon mo— the fall from the pony, the loss of the papers, the very paralysis ; he says it is a Judgment for niy taking his land. Do you think that it is a Judgment, Mary 'i Perhaps I was hard upon the boj ; but one couldn't stand by and see a beautiful piece of property going to rack and ruin without stepping in to secure it. If 1 hadn't lent him the money on mortgaere, another would ; if I hadn't sold him up, another would — and it is all in the family ; that's what David ought to think, and not to come here swearing and threatening. In the family still ; and who knows whether I shan't leave it to him ? I must leave it to someone, I suppose. If it is a Judgment, Mary' ? he paused for a word of comfort. ?' Well, uncle,' she said, ' we are taught that we bring our sufferings upon ourselves ; and to be sure, if everybody was good, there would be a great deal less suffering in the world. Nobody can deny that.' ' But not such a lot of Judgment, Mary. All this fuss because David had to sell his farm, and I bought it ? I can't believe that. Why don't other people get Judgments, then?' ' Patience, uncle. Think — whatever happens now about that money, that it was lost six years ago.' 'Ah! you keep on saying that. You don't understand what it is to have the thing you had despaired of recover ing dangled before your eyes, and then taken away again. What does a woman understand about property V David laughed. There's something come over David. He is just as slow as ever in his speech and in his ways. But he's grown clever. No one could have guessed that David could go on as he went on here this morning.' ' Whet has David to do with it, uncle ? ' 'With the property? Nothing, Mary, nothing,' he replied hastily. ' Don't think that he has anything to do with it.' He groaned heavily, remembering how much, how very much, David had to do with it. 'Can 1 do anything ? Can George do anything ? ' ' George would like to see me wronged. It is an envious world, and when a man gets forward a bit ? ' ' Uncle, it is not true that George would like to see you wronged.' ' Then there is one thing he could do. It seems a big thing, but it is really a little thing. If George would do it, I would — I would— I would— no : because I should only lose the money another way.' ?' You mean you would give j'our consent, uncle ? ' 'No — no; I can't do that. I couldn't yesterday ; much less to-day, Mary.' ' Well, what is this thing that George could do for you ?' ' A villain has got my property, Mary. George might go and take it from him. If I had the use of my limbs, I'd doj and watch that villain. I would find out where he had put the property. I would tear it out of his hands if I could get it no other way. Old as I am, I would tear it from his clutches.' ' George can hardly do that for you, uncle. Especially when you refuse your consent to our marriage, and are going to drive him out of Sidcote, as you drove David out of Berry.' Mr. Leighan shook his head impatiently. ' It's business, girl ; it's business. How can I help it?' ' Well, then, uncle, if you are in real trouble, send for George and tell him, and let him advise you.' ' George— advise— me ? Mary, my dear, when I begin to want advice of any man, send for the doctor and order my coffin. I might use George's arms and legs ; but my own head is enough for me, thank you.' He said no more, but took his pipe, and began to smoke it. 'There is another way,' he said. 'But I doubt whether you have sufficient affection for your uncle to try that way.' ' Is it something that 1 could do ? Of course I will do it, if lean.' ' *Vill you? It's this, girl. Hush, don't tell anybody. It's this : 'David's got a secret that I want to find out. How he got hold of the secret I don't know, ana so I can't tell you. Somebody has told him this secret. Now,' his voice sank to a whisper, *' David was always very fond of you, Mary ; and he is that sort of man as a woman can do what she pleases with him. Pretend to let him make love to you — pretend that you are in love with him. Wheedle the secret out of him, and then toll me what it is.' 'And what would George say while I was playing this wicked part? Uncle, if you have such thoughts as that, you may expect another Judgment.' He groaned, and went on with his pipe. Then he took a second glass of brandy-and- water, because he was a good dial shaken and agitated. Then he finished his pipe in silence, laid it down, and dropped asleep. But his slumber was uneasy, probably by reason of his agitation in the morning; his head rolled about, he moaned in his sleep, and his fingers fidgetted restlessly. At i o'clock he woke up with a start and a scream , glaring about with terror-stricken eyes, just as he had done once before. ? ' Help ! ' he cried. ? ' Help ! He will murder me. Oh ! villain, I know you now ! 1 will remember — I will re member ! ' Here the terror went suddenly out of his eyes, and he looked about him in bewilderment. ' Mary, I remembered once more. Oh I I saw so clear so clear ! And now I have forgotten again. This is the second time that I have seen in my dream the man who took my papers and my gold— the second time. Mary, if it comes again I shall go mad. Oh ! to be so near, and to have the villain in my grasp and to let him go again ! Mar}*, Mary — the loss of the money, and the dream, and your cousin David— all together— will drive me mad !' Chapter XIII.— THE CANVAS BAG. This was truly an auspicious evening for me to pre sent myself with my newly- recovered bag. However, ignorant of the morning storm, I walked along, thinking how 1 would give the old man an agreeable surprise. ' His room, \rh«n I called about 8 o'clock, was gloomy and dark, the windows closed and the blinds half down, though outside the sun was only just setting. Mr. Leig han was sitting still and rigid, brooding, 1 suppose, over David's terrible threats. His sharp face was paler, and his steel-blue eyes were keener and brighter than usual. ' He was thinking how he should meet this danger, and how he could persuade, or bribe, or terrify David into submission and surrender of the papers. And there ap peared no way. ' What do you want :' he cried, sharply. ' What do you come here for? I am in no mood for idle prating !' ' I am come on your business, Mr. Leighan; if you call that idle prating.' ' My business ? I don't remember that I ever had any business with you, Mr. Will Nethercote. I only have business with people who have money.' '* True, and I nave none for you to get hold of ; neither land nor money, that is very true. Yet I am come on your business.' ' Tell it, then— and leave me. Young man,' he said, pitifully, ' I am old now, and 1 am in grievous trouble, and 1 cannot see my way oui of it. Don't mind if I am a little impatient.' - ' I won't mind, Mr. Leighan. Meantime I have come to please you.' 'You can't. Nothing can please me now, unless you can make me young and strong, and able to throttle a vil lain: that would please me.' ' I cannot do that. Yet I am sure that I shall please you.' ?? Go on, then. Go on.' Then I began with the solemnity with which one leads up to a dramatic situation. ' Six years ago, Mr. Leighon, you said that you had been robbed of a bag with £20 in it.' ' A. bundle of. papers and a bag with. 20 sovereigns. I did. Good heavens ! one man comes in the morning about the papers and another in the evening about the money. Go on— go on; I can bear it all.' 'There is nothing to bear I assure you, Mr. Leighan,' I said, a little nettled. ' Come, it is all very well to be impatient, but there are bounds ? ' 'Go on; let me get it over.' ' Was that bag of yours a brown canvas bag with your initials — D. L.— on itr' ' I thought so,' ho replied, strangely. ' So you, too, are in the plot, are you ? And you are come to tell me that I shall have the bag back without the money, are you ? You in the plot ? What have 1 ever done to you?' 'I have not the least idea what you mean. Who is in a plot? Whatplo::'. ' George, I suppose, will appear next with another piece of the conspiracy. You are all in a tale.' ' 1 think 1 hod better finish what I have to say as quickly as possible. You are in a strange mood to-night, Mr. Leig han, with your plots and conspiracies — a very strange mood ! Is this your bag ?' I produced it and gave it to him. 'Yes, it is the bag I lost. I never lost but one bag, so that this must be the one. As I said, the bag without the money. Well, I don't care. I have had greater misfor tunes — much greater. You have come to tell me that the bag was put into your hands.' ?'Not at all. *1 found the bag. I found it on the top of the Hamil Down, hidden beside the Gray W ether Stone.' ' Very likely.' He tossed the bag aside. ' Why not there as 'well as any other place, when the money wa6 once out of it ?' ' But suppose the money was not taken out of it.' He laughed incredulously. ?' In short, Mr. Leighan, the money was not taken out of the bag. It was bidden away at the foot of the Gray Wether btone, where I found it by the accident of poking my stick into the place where it lay. I beard the clink of the money, and I pulled it out ; aud here, Mr. Leighan, are your 20 sovereigns.' I 'took them from my pocket and laid them on the table in a little pile. His long, lean fingers closed over them, and he transferred them swiftly to his pocket without taking his eyes off my face, as if he feared that I might pounce upon the money. 'And what, young man, do you ask for your honesty in bringing me back my money?' 'Nothing.' ' You might have kept it. I should have been none the wiser. You are rich, 1 suppose, or you would have kept it. Many young men would have kept it. Can I offer you a pound — yes, a pound ! — for your honesty ?' ' No, thank you, Mr. Leighan. I do not want a reward for common honesty. . Besides, you must thank George Sid cote, not me. It was George who discovered that it was your money.' ' As you please, as you please. In London you are so rich, I suppose, with your writing that you can afford to throw away a pound well earned. As you please.' 'Nobody ever believed that you were robbed, II r. Leighan,'' I went on, 'But the finding of tho money Beenis to show that you really were robbed while you were insensible. Perhaps we shall find the papers, too, some day.' ' Perhaps we shall,' he said, ' If they are in tho hands of rogues and villains, I shall be much the better for it.' 'At anyrate, it shows that you did not give the money to anybody.' ' Give the money ! Will, you are a fool. Did you ever know me give money to anybody ?' ' Certainly, I never did.' ''Well, then, enough said about the robbery. It is strange, too ; both on the some day ? ' 1 knew not then what he meant. ' Both on the same day — and after six long years. What can this mean ?' I can really understand now, and by the light of all tha we have learned, my extreme dulness in having such a clue and not being able to follow it up without hesitation. It was, of course, not the act of a common thief to steal a bag of gold and hide it away. And I had seen with ruy own eyes a man search for and find, among the fallen stones of Grimspound a mysterious box, which he carried away stealthily. Yet I failed to connect David's box with Daniel's papers. To be sure, he had, so to speak, thrown me oS the scent by speaking of his uncle's acci dent as having happened after his own departure. And I thought of the papers as in a bundle, not as in a box ; and, besides, 1 had formed a strong theory as to the contents of the box. Yet if there was one man in the place who owed Dan Leighan a grudge it was his nephew. That should have been remembered. But, again, that David should find his uncle lying senseless in the road and should rob him and go on his way without attempting to give him the least help was not to be thought of. It was in credible. It is, I believe, a fact that novelists cannot invent any situation so wild and incredible but that real life will fur nish one to rival and surpass it. In the same way there is nothing in baseness, in cruelty, in selfishness, in revenge, that can be called impossible. For this is exactly what David had done. The box which I saw him take from the fallen wall of Grimspound contained his uncle's buudle of papers ; and the trouble that was hanging over this poor old man was the torture prepared for him, and already hanging over his head, of being slowly pillaged, and forced, day by day, to consent to new ex tortion. ' It seems as if the papers were stolen — now, doesn't it ?' said Mr. Leighan. ' 1 suppose you all thought I was drunk, and put them somewfiere, and then fell off the pony ? Yes ; I've known all along that you thought that. Well, I was not drunk ; I was as sober that night: as I am to-night. I used to wonder who the robbeu was. Now I don't care to inquire; it is enough for me that I have been robbed and that I am going to be robbed again.' ' Why again, Mr. Leighan ?' ' Never mind why. Will,' he said, eagerly, ' tell me — I never did harm to you ; you've never had any land to mortgage— tell me, do you know nothing of the papers '?- When you found thi6 bag- did you hear nothing about (he papers?' ** I heard the wind singing in my ears, but it said no thing about your papers.'; 'Are you sure that you know nothing?' He peered into my face as if to read there some evidence of know ledge. ' 1 know nothing. How should 1 ?' ' Well, it matters little. I am not concerned with the lobber, but with the man who has them now. I must: deal with him ; and there, you cannot help me, unless — no — no— 1 cannot ask it ; you would not help me.' 'Anyhow, Mr. Leighan, you've got your twenty pounds back again. That is something. Confess that you are pleased.' 'Young man, if you torture a man all over with rheu matic pains, do you think he is pleased to find that they have left his little finger while they are still like red hot irons all over the rest of his body ? That is my case.' ' I am sorry to hear it. At the same time, twenty pounds, as I said before, is something.' ' It's been lying idle for six years. Twenty pounds at compound interest — I don't spend my interest, I promise you — would now be six-and-twenty pounds. I've lost six pounds.' I laughed. A man who knows not the value of interest laughs easily. I expect, therefore, to go on laughing all the days of my life. ' As for the papers, there's a dead loss of £150 a year. Think of that ! All these years I've waited and hoped— yes, I've prayed— actually prayed— though there is no form of supplication which meets my case— that 1 might get my papers back again. Three thousand pounds there are, among (.these papers, besides the certificates and things that 1 could replace. Nearly all Mary's fortune lost.' 44 No,' I said, ' Don't natter yourself that you lost any of Mary's money. It was your own money. You are trustee for Mary's fortune, remember, and you will have to pay it over in full.' He wineed and groaned. ' Three thousand pounds ! With the interest it would. ow be worth nearly four thousand pounds at iivo per cent. And now all as good as lost !' ' Well, Mr. Leighan, I am sorry for you, very sorry, particularly as you will have to find 'that fortune of' Mary's ▼ery soon.' ' Shall I, Master Will Nethcrcoto ': I shall give Mary her fortune when I please: nol »t all, unless 1 please. Mary has got to be obedient and submissive to me, else ehe won't get anything. When I give my consent to her marriage, and not till then— not tili'lhen— I shall have to deliver up ter fortune. Goodnight to you, Will Nether cote.' (To lie continue;!, j 