LIKE AND UNLIKE. By M. E. BRADDON, Author Of ' Lady Audley'a Secret, 1 Wy 11 land's Weird,' Etc. Chapter XXXVIII. — (Continued.) Colonel Dsverill did not go back to Devou shire next day as he had promised. He was" absent from Myrtle Cottage for nearly a week, and when be returned he was accompanied by a gentleman whom he introduced to Mrs. Baddeley as his old friend Meioctte, the famous African traveller. Leonora wa not learned npen the subject of Africa or the Bcyal Geographical Society. She had heard eoah names as Cameron and Stanley, which Bhe associated vagaely with sand, camels, black men, avid yellow fever. She had no love for the Dark Continent. I gave her neither silk gowns nor high arc furniture ; and she was proud to remember that her diamonds were geuuine Brazilians. She yawned when her father expatiated upon the interesting experiences of his guest, and pdfc him forward as a man whom it was a honour to know. He eeems an inoffensive little person/ said Leo, 'and Tory evidently likes him. But I eannot imagine htm getting the better of a lion, or discovering the soource of a river. And then he is so dreadfully lame ! How did he ever get about Africa with that lame leg?' He was not always lame. His gun burst one day when he was shooting anfcelopss, and wonnded him in the hip.' ' Well, he is a rather nice little soul, and I heps lie will put you in bettor spirits,' ano' sred Leo lightly. Hsr father told her nothing abont his ini > i view with St. Aneteli. He was unusually grave and silent after his return from London, but on the arrival of an invitation to dinner from Lady Belfield, he hastened to accept it. ' My friend, Melnotte, the African traveller, is staying with me,' he wrote. and I should mooh like to be allowed to include him in our party.' The messenger who carried Colonel Deverill's note, brought back Lady Belfield's reply. ' I shall fa oharmed to make Mr. Melnotte'e acquaintance, though I confess to a lamentable ignorance about Africa. I am prepared to be interested, bat not intelligent.' Leonora. Baddeley had described Mr. Melnotte accurately when she epoke of him ae an inoffensive little parson. He was email, with a small round head, close 6 topped hair, and rather insignificant jeH tores. But his eyes were remarkable — lumi"nou8 keen quick and yet steadfast. The i%/toer Prominent blue-grey eyes had a kindly look t00» keen 68 they were 5 Mr- Melnotte was Boi handsome, but he was a nleae&nt-looking; little man, and seemed thoroughly St bis ease in a dress ooafc, in spite of Africa. . . I almost expected to see you with a circle of ostrioh feathers standing straight up from voor head,' said Leonora, laughing, as she stood ready for her fur cloak, gorgeous in black and gold, one of these gowns whwfa , Wv description and leave only a vague v Session of Brussels lace, brooaded velvet, V %d bullion. , , „ j Vj ieft my feathers in Bashuto Land, Wed Melnotte, ' but I sometimes regret a nab tdtePfc uppn which I was not obliged to ilcr dinner/ Setose d to enjoy himself at the Abbey, his prejudice against civilisation. IBs mtJa.fiww»ou8ly reoeived ny l«aay jjainei j, i (Adrian talked to him for a great part and questioned hioa closely African experiences, b awe «oad most of the books upon | Africa/ Adrian, but I blush to say I j haye ot - read yours.' t _ . I ha re not written any book. been content to ig alonE ln very <li?t . h am .met to well known in a certain point of Africa 1 tat I doubt if anybody has ever Heard of «ae or my. adventures. I am not a gir Saii knew this beiorenanu, h «« i had look t& up the list of Fellows; ana baa 1 been so rpriaed at not discovering Mr. Melnotte nam8. . . . . B Thetri welter's conversation wae not the | / oreeable> beeause hls fame had been some, a hat sxe ggerated by Colonel Deverill. He ia Id a gctod many interesting anecdotes, some which were rather familiar to Sir Adrian's ?i. — but then there must needs be arepem- mL roe between all adventures in a primitive | SS M wThere the changes had to be rung /blacks, buffaloes, lions, alligator?, and u S ' Boclistone, Mr. and Mrs. Freemantle a A <eir d toghter Lucv, were of the pariy, u.med inte. netted in tbe lion »nd boffalo the st liooe upeot ot dewrt lito being fcv rio'ollsotioEl of » oomio Amerie.b. i?5r h/ri iM». Melnotte'" fellow traveller who bed been t ir. wemo,. the8e IneoMe. with k gloomy brow, end Moubtehb »>ell lo be pttticotarly o.vU to tbe "Kme'the firel time th.l V.lentine bed seen his father -in- law siuco the Colonel's I journey to London, and when they were in J the billiard- room after dinner, Colonel 1 Dsverill took occasion to mention St. I Austell's return. Mr. Freemantle and Mr. j Melnotte were playing billiards, while 1 Valentine and the Colonel eat on a raised 1 settee at the end of the room, in a pannelled 1 recess decorated with breech- loaders of the 1 latest fashion, and rapiers that had been I carried by bucks cad bloods in the days of I Addison and Chea fcerfield. 1 Mr. Melnotte pi ayed a neat game, but he 1 was a very slow player— aggravatingly Blow, 1 Mr. Freemantle thought, when he had to I wait through a lomgish break, his opponent 1 deliberating before every shot, and looking 1 down his cue meditatively before he took bis 1 aim. i A man who can play as well ae he does j needn't he so confoundedly slow,' thought I Mr. Frefimantle. j Colonel Devexill smoked half his cigar in 1 siloace, while Valentine sat by his side, 1 apparently engrossed by watching the game, j Have you known your African friend I long V he asked presently. I ' A longish time.' I He was never at Morccmb, was he ?' j No. he was in Bashuto Land when I had 1 Morcomfa.' I ' Ah, to be sure. He Is not very yellow, j considering he has been so long under an j African end.' I ' Oh, be has been back over a twelvemonth, I knocking abont In Ireland/ answered the Colonel. Bat never micd him. I've got something more important to talk about. I have seen St. Austell.' Valentine's brow darkened, and his colour slowly faded, till cveu his lips were ashy white. 1 When — where !' was all ha aBked. The Colonel described the meeting at the j Badminton. I There has been a mist&k; e,' be said in oonolusioo. ' I no longer ask ; ycu to divorce your wife — for in all probi ability she is innocent o? any eia against yo u, except tbe error of suffering her affection to be won by another man. I ask you now to find her. It is your duty to do that, an d without an hour's loss of time.' That is ali mighty fine./ exa laimed Valen tine savagely. ' My wife ci looses to run away and hid a herself, sf£t ;r penning » deliberate avowal of her lovt for another man — and you tell me it is my duty to find her. I tell ycu that from the h cur she wrote I that letter she wsb dead to It was our I final, irrevocable parting. Living or dead 1 she was my wife no longer. Tog are hc-r j father ; jshe has not outraged y ou — she has 1 not oast you off with scornful words, as she did me. It is tor you to look after her/ 'You may be sure, Mr. 1 Jrifield, that I shall not fail to do a father's d luty/ answered the Colonel, throwing down the end o£ his i cigar, and grinding it under 1 fie heel some j what savagely, to the defer iment of the ! polished parquet. i He could but feel that Valer dine had some1 ' jaetific&tion; for repudiating all obligation towards a wife who h&d; writce & each a letter as that in which Helen had declared her j intended flight. That her cour age had failed, or that her conscience had bee m awakened at the last moment, would h&rdi; y snake atone ment to an angry, insulted hi taband, Chapter XXXIX. — A De aided Case cf I Dry Rot. I After that brief oonversat ion with Colonel j Deverill in the billiard room , Valentine Bel- | field withdrew himself sti Ji more from the society of his fellow met i. Even bis ap pearance in the hucti- og field became spasmodic. He was rarely - seen at the meet, but would contrive to fall i a with fehe hounds about the middle of the da y, and would ride | till the finish like a moder & Bamiel, or any I other demoniac charaote p, \yith a seckleee disregard of his own bones which was only a little less offensive thsn hie oareiessness I about ofiber people. I I believe Belfield mv.sk offer a premoim j for kioki&g; horses, orb,e nould never get suck ! brutes as he tides,' ebMIIt. Freemantle, who rode a ecber, well mr.nn ered weight carrier in a sober and gentleman dike way, and who contrived to keep paetty near ihei hounds without exerting hitnsekl much. There was a general fueling that Mr. Bel. field had gone altogether to ths bad .sinoehls wife's disappearanoe. People pithed bim, but wanted to see as liktie of hiin as possible. He had never been a favourite in the neigh I bourbood, and of late, his sulle n manmw had been oaculated to alienate even friends! dp. And now it bad become k nown tha i St. Austell was in London, and peoj de — especially the feminine porti on of the com- munity — began to ho exercised' io mind to I what could have become of Mrs Belfield. | Had she eloped wilih St. A'netell, and hi ad j they quarrelled and parted af fcer brief union ? 1 Or had she never gone off wi'sh bim? Tha t ! was tne question debated' witu bushel i breath over many an afternoon tea- table. Hss she any old aunt in Ireland wihh whom she would be iikeiy to be living ?' asked one of the Misses Tredooey, Most girl Is have an old annt that thoy can go to on a n I emergency,' I I don't believe Mrs. Belfield has anything! | bo reepeotable as an old aunt belonging to I her,' replied Dorothy Toffstaff, who was.; soorad by tbres unsnccessful eeaeons in Lctsdcn, daring which all the attentions she had received bad been too obviously inspired by her father's wealth rather than by her own charms. 4 My idea is that she went eff with Sc. Austell, as everybody thought at the time of her disappearance, and that he has grown eiok of an empty-headed beauty, and has left her in India. She would be sure to get picked up by Eomebody/ added Miss Toffstaff. with the air of consigning Mrs. Belfield to tbe Oriental gutter. Thus lightly did society at Cbadford discuss the problem of s fallen sisters fate; but it was not so lightly that Lady Belfield considered the mystery of her daughter-ia law's disappearance. In a conversation with Colonel Deverill, she drew from hi n much I that had passed between bim and St. Austell, j and the idea that Helen had changed her micd at the last, after writing that terrible I letter, filled her with a new hope. What more likely tnan snat ms c-rrsng giri bad turned to soma conventional sanctuary as tbe possible shelter from temptation ; as Louise de la Vaiiiere in the dawn of iove fled i from her royal lover to the convent. There only could she find a safeguard against hex own passionate heart, an aid for her own weak will. Such a course would account for the unclaimed trunks in tha bed-obamber. For the handmaid of heaven, vewed to holy poverty, fine clothes and feminine luxuries were a dead letter. Impressed with this idea, Lady Belfield resolved to travel quietly through the WeBt o? England visiting ail those institutions, 1 Anglican or Romanist, to which Helen might j possibly have attached herself. She had taken Mr. Roekstone into her confidence, I and with his aid she had obtained all tbe I information necessary to guide her search. She told Adrian nothing of her purpose I until her plan was mads, and she was on the I eve of setting out with her old servant foz I her oompanion. The journey would not be I a long one. The furthest point was to be I the convent ic Lanherne Valley, on the north I coast of Cornwall. I To her disappointment, Adrian strongly j opposed her Bcbeme. i Dear mother, no good would result from | all that fatigue and anxiety on your part.' he I said gently. 4 1 am sure that Helen is sot in I any euch retreat.' 4 But how cap you be sure ?' Mother, I have reason to snow. Yen must ask me no more. Yon muss have some pity upon me/ said Adrian, deadly pale, You know that IobI girl's fate, and yet hide the troth from me.' ( There axe secrets that mwri be kept — that are sacred. Mother, you know how fondly I love yen. In roy own life thsre bas sever j been a eeciet ; but in this case I cannot tell you all I know without betraying another person. Ycu would have me guilty of die honour ?' No, no ; ycu know I would cot. But 1st me understand— give me some kind of hope and comfort. Yon know where she is, j then : you have fcnowa all along ?' I Adrian bent his head in assent. I And yet you let me puzzle and torture j myself about her ?' j I was tongue tied.' ; 1 'I see. She confided in you. It was to | her you bound yourself to silence?' ! 4 1 can Gn«wer no questions.' j Bat you can is 11 me she is safe — j happy V She is safe. She did cofe hope with Lord i St. Austell, Her laBt siu agaicst her husband was the writing of that fa«ai letter/ 4 Thank Gcd ! But may I not know her retreat V Why may I not see her again ? You know that I loved her as a daughter. Even if she can never be reunited to her huBband, she may at leaBt be restored in some mensure to me. And there is hsr poor father, too. Why should he be tortured by uncertainty; or allowed to think that his daughter is leading a wicked life ? It is your duty to reveal tho truth, Adrian.' 1 It is my duty to keep my oath. Mother, if you say one word mora, I shall regret having trusted you. I beeseeoh you to keep faith with me. Not one syllable to anyone, least of all to Valentine.' Poor Valentine. Can you see him bo miserable and yet not tell him ?' Nothing I oonld tell would help him. Mother/ the bast thing yon can do for your own peace of mind — and for us all — is to forget the past ao far as it ean be forgotten. There is nothing that can be done ; nothing. I think yon know that I am not without conscience— that I have some sense of dnty. If there were anything that could be done, I would do it ; but there is nothing Asl hope for tbe life eternal, there is no aet of yours or mine that ean be of any servioe to her whose loss we both deplore,' His words end looks were so deeply earnest that his mother oould not disbelieve, Adrian had been her strong rook in the last few years ; her friend and oompanion, the one being who«e preaenos always brought bright ness and comfort, upon whose sound sense and unselfish affeetlon she oould rely. She was mystified but she was submissive ; and the journey to Lanherne was given up. She told Mr. Rockitone only that she bad changed her mind. i I think yoti have done right in abandoning 3 yonr idea/ he said. «Be sure that if Mrs. | Belfield is in any retreat of that kind, she vsi I cummumcato with yuu fce'oTe iocf;. Her heart will yesrn for you as tims goes by, ar d the longing to oee ycu or to hear frcta y ; u will be too strong to be repreped by any aucefeiciu'a, however tevere.' « After that conversation with his moth?, Adrian hart an uneasy feeling that he hud said too much, that he had gone too near the betrayal of his brother's dreadful secret. YeS to have allowed his mother to follow a phantom, to wear out her heart in faUe hope? and disappointing researches, wsC more then his duty as a son would allow. Hn first thought had keen of his mother ; it was for her sake that be bad kept Y&tectice;'s secret ; and it was for her sake that he had lifted a corner of tbe veil. It was for he; sake that he trted to seem happy and at ease when his ha&rt; was gnawed &y; eare, and his life dark&ned; by the shadow cf fear. Let us forget,' he had sirid to her ; and often, in the long slow days, he had said to himself, 1 Oh, God, if I could bot forget.' His daily walk was by the river. He seemed drawn there by&n; irresistible attrac tion. Scarcely a day patted on which he did not Etand beside that tilent pool, beneath whoeo dark water lay tbe murdered wife. went there oftenesi in ih« twilight, when all things had a vague <aud ghootly aspect, cr when the eye created its own spectres out cf the commonest forms. He wondered some" times that her spirit had never appeared to bim, when his thoughts were so full of hrr. He gazed with melancholy eyes among tii? sbadowsof the willow trunks, half expecting to see a spectral form waving tremulously above tie back,' like a?hostly Undice, But there was nothing. The dead made no sign. One evening he saw a red epsrk shinirg brightly amidst the grey. It came nearer as be advanced along the path, and presently he found himself faee to face with Mr Melnotte, who was scrolling qoistly along smoking a big oigar. 4 Good evening, Sir Adrian. A mild night, and a picturesque spot/ 4 Very. But I should think it must secru uncommonly tame to you after the Zambezi Falls/ 4 Oh, but I am catholic in my tastes, can admire an English landscape a heartily as if I had never eeen Africa. A favourite walk of yours, Sir Adrian.' Yes ; it is one of my favourite walks.' I thought so. I have eeeu ycu hsre nearly every evening for tbe last ten dsys. I generally take my afternoon stroll in thie direction, but on the opposite bank. Ldy Belfield was so good ssfeo say I might mrkc free with ibe park sd meadows/ Naturally, Any friend of Color si Deverill's would be welcome. Is this yi'or first experience of Devonshire ?' Ot this side of .he country, yes. I ksow the south coast pretty wei:. A delight ul county,' You are net a Devonshire roan ?' 1 1 have net that privilege.' There was a silence. . Mr. Melnctte cl:d not volunteer any information aE to his hirirh or parentage. He was a curious little man ic this wits, r.nd, except for his Africa ; experiences', seemed to be a man without a history. Sir Adrian wondered hew his friendship with Colonel Deverill could have corns about. The two men teemed to have so little in common. From a gcod naiiued impulse, rather than for any particu reason, he asked Mr. Melnotte to d inner, un invitation which was promptly accepted. 4 It is always a pleasure to visit such r house as yours, Sir Adrian/ be paid ; a house with a history. No doubt the Abbey has its history.' Yes, It has a good many histories, or traditions.' Any ghosts. Any story of a dark crime in the remote past ?' ' I have heard of neither ghoEt ncr crime.' Well, it is & noble old boose, even without those embellishments/ E&id; Melnotte, cheerfully, and the park and gardens are perfect. This is a tributary of the Ohad, I suppose, this river in yonr grounds/ 4 Yes, it unites with the Ohad lower down.' 1 A swift, deepish river, eh f ' Swift and deep/ 4 It makes 8 very pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, at eight, I think yen said, Sir Adrian? Good night/ Mr Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on ths further bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the oypress walk. He was met by Lucy Freemantle, who anconsoionsly suggested a rcminiaoence of Shukeepeare's Beatrice, I have b«en sent to ask you to come to tea/ she said, blushing a little, her com plexion of lilies and roees looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmovpberc. 1 Yon were very good to take so mooh trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they shook bands. 4 Oh, it wm no trouble, I am always glad of a run. Mother and I etmt to call upon Lady Belfield, and Lady Belfield was getting fidgetty abont yon, so mother told me to laaii—— — — a— a— run and look for you, and I guessed I should find you this way,' How clever of you.' They were on very1 friendly terms, Luey bavin g known this Abfc&y;&id-; the Abbey psorie all her life. Ai: few years 'ago when she bid been in the nursery She had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, standing as it were apart .irom all . other young men upon the strengtb of a superior position and saperlor attainments, but of late she had felt herself more upon a level with him, and more ! at her ease in his society. He.ealied ber. Lacy, as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but she called him Sir Adrian. Is my brother at home?' he asked, as they walked towards tbe Abbey. ( No, there is co one hut Lady Belfield and inotberr They are talking parish talk- about tbe poor old people aad their ailments —such dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor should, suffar in all ways. People who know nothing about them think they are healthy and hardy beoause of their scanty fare and open-air life ; but when oue comes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The -open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much of it/ She spoke warmly, having just come from a scene of suffering iu one of the cottages. She was a frank, warm-hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in tbefull bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant action and duty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at a county ball she danced as gaily as the most feather-headed of her sisters, and never com plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. L&ay; Belfield and Mrs. Freemantlo were sitting by the fire in the inner drawingroom, the cosy tea table and.hiseiag kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Rock- eiose, who sat in, one of the most luxurious of the large arm chairs, with bis legs stretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long day among his poorest parishioners They were talking of Valentine. He ought to make an effort, my de&r; Lady Belfield,' said the Yicar. The blow that has fallen upon him is & heavy one, bufi it is almost unmanly to succumb as be has done- Hie whole being is undergoing deterioration. He has brooded upon tbe one great wrong nntil hie 6oul has become steeped ic gall. He is a misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures. Something must be done to save him from himself.'! Yes, something must be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. Is is terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsing into physical and moral deoay. ' My husband tells me that he shuns all his old friends- does not even show at the meet, and rides in a way 'hat shows he cares no more for othr people's lives than he does for bis own. Hs ought to go to Australia/ That is tbe remedy, Mrs. Freemautle/ said tbe Vicar, anew country — Australia, or tbe Red River district — a new and not too , civilised country — utterly new surroundings That kind of thing is your only Aethe ; the only remedy for a mind diseased. I know it would grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady Belfieid, but you would have him back in two or three years, a new man. Wbereas, if yon let bim stay here, decay is inevitable. You remember what Dickens says about the dry rot in a man. I'm afraid poor Valentine's is a oase of dry rot/ c I would do anything for his welfare— sacrifice anything/ lepiied Lady Belfield. 1 Then yon and Adrian must put your heads together and perBuade him to travel ; California, Texas, Red River, or even Africa, if he fancies shooting antelopes, or dealing in buffaloes. You oau take advantage tf Ibis Mr. Melnotte, who is a mighty traveller. The grand thing is to rouse Valentine from his present apathy, and ett him going in some way.' I am entirely.of your opinion, Vioar,' said Adrian. ' My brother wants new surround ings. A young man without aims or interims, moping away bis life in a country place, is & sorry spectacle. I will take him in hand to night/ ' Do, my dear Adrian/ exclaimed Mrs, Freemantle. ' I have known you and your brother too long to be able to see either o? you going wrong without speaking my mind.' They sat round the fire for some time after this, talking of many things, enjoying the blaze of the great pine logs, and the aroma of Lady Belfield'c excellent tea — but two among them were heavy at heart, cbesrfal as the general tone of the conversation might be. For Adrian there had been no such thing as happiness, or even peace of mind, since that fatal night. His life had been one long pretence. It was a hunting day, end or. such days Valentine always stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing uniil after dinner. He would come into the house on the sSroko of eight, p&rhaps;, and would be changing his clothes, while the others were dining. He would diue alone between nine and ten, at a little table in front of the billiardroomfirs, He had never been a gourmaud, but he ate now with the air of a man who hardly knows what h6 is eating — t&kiDg; anything the servants set before him, and drinking more than was good for him. He ain't got no appreciation of a nice little dinner,' said Andrew, despondently. It don't pay to take pains about it, Mrs. Marrabie, as I tells cook . Give him a bottle of burgundy, and the liquor stand after dinner/and he aske no questions. ' There was no more of those cherry te»- drinkings with the mother after tbe day's sport ; no more recitals of the day's . adventures. The young man w-ent out alone in tue morning, moody and silent ; he oame home in tne sqme temper. His m other had watched him in quiet grief, hoping that as the months went by the bruised spirit wonld recover : but time seemed only to deepen that abiding gloom, and of late sjhe had . grown hopeless. Thus it was that she was ready to receive any plausible suggestion, He was late on this particular evening, and it was not until halt past nine that be was ready for hiB dinner, 111 go and talk to him after he has dined,' said Adrian, who had b6eu lingering over dessert with bis mother; trying to cheer her with, the promise of brighter days. J)o, dear, For pity's eske Influence him for good; ? I am helpbsca. His miad is a coaled book to me. He has never con fidfcd in me frotn the time of his boyhood. Ha has taken his own way always, for good or tor evil.' ' j ' i . , » Valentine was slttzDg in a Glastonbury chair in front of the wide fireplace, the bm gundy decanter before bim, almost empty. The lamps over the billiard-table Iweie unlighted, and the spacious room was half in shadow. The firelight flickered on guns and swords ia the recess at tho further end, and there was a circle of 8oi£ light round the spot where Valentine sat from the shaded colza lamp on the email Suther land table. A good run, Vai ?' asked Adrian, seating himself opposite his brother. Pretty good.' e You must have killed uncommonly late.' ' We Hilled at sunset, on Piimpsted Ridge.' Bui that means five o'cloak, and a three- quarters of an hour's ride home. Where h&ve; you been sines V f I don't know.' Valentine.' ' Don't stare at me, man ! I tell you I dorj't know. I have been riding about somewhere — losing myself on the moor, if you like. Great God, if I could only lose myself altogether — ride aw ay into some enchanted valley, and go to sleep there for ever/ It was almost the first time he had spoken . openly of his despair. From the hoar of the crime until now there had been no con fidence between the brothers. They had lived together, and talked of the daily busi ness of life, but there had been an im passible pulf betwixt the past and the present. By mutual ooosent they had been dumb. But to night Valentine was utterly worn out in mind and body, fagged, helpless, nervous. That powerful frame and strong self-reliant temper had been broken by the slow agonies of remorse. Brutal as the m&n;'a nature might be, conscience was not dead in h:m. It had awakened in th$ hour when he found himself alone after bis crime — face to -face with the memory of a murder It had never slept since. ' Valentine,' began Adrian, earnestly, ' ycu are Lading a miserable life, Things cannot go on like this.' ' You mean that I had better do as your eriminal of the lower classes sometimes does under such circumstances — give myBelf up — walk into Freemaatie's study to-morrow morning and tell him that I killed my wife. Is that what you mean?' No. It is too late for that course. What I mean is that you must leave the scene of year misadventure. You have lingered here too long. You must go away — to another continent — Africa, Australia, wlerev&r; you oan find tbe resources which will give you most relief of miod. The past is past, Val. There is no help for shat. Let it be past. You have suffered for your sin of a moment in ail the long months that he ve gone by since that fatal night. You will suffer more ox.less to the end.' ' More or less, no doubt. I have the pri vilege of an excellent memory,' answered Ytdenti&e;, with quivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the incarnation of despair. Your self-torture can do no good to you or to anyone else. Far away, iu the wild free life which salts your temperament, yon will at least suffer less. Anything wonld be better than the stagnation of yonr ex isfence here. ' Yon are right. Anything weild be better —hoc I think the best would be death.' 'Don't say that, Val. Men have outlived warse sorrows than yours.' ' Men are made of very hard wood, end I filtered myself— till last summer — that I ws teak or iron- wood ; bui the dry rot of remorse has got into me, all the same. I am worm-eaten to the very core- Yes, I think you are right, Adrian I most get away from this piaoa, if I don't want to become a howling lunatic. I have stayed hre iu a kind <>f gloomy despair, thinking that I could hardly be more miserable here than anywhere blse — but you are right. I have stayed too long I will stay no longer, Here I am a cau e of misery to others as wt-11 as to myself. In the desert — or the bush— I shall be my own man again. There will be no need for hypocrisy. I could lie on the ground face downwards and groan aloud without anybody ealling me to ac crual. (to be continued.) ——————— — — — 1 