THE SAILOR'S STORY— 'WHAT WAS IT?' He wai a fine fellow ; so they were all for the matter of that, these officers on that fine P. and O. Steam Shipping Company's mailer, which was cutting her path throufjh the brilliant waters of the Indian Ocean on her way to Australia some time last year. There were four of them, not including the Captain, whom I could never take to, somehow. Not that that was his fault, though, because I am an odd fellow sometimes, as all sailors are, and take the most extraordinary quips and cranks about people before I have known them five minutes. There was tbe first mate, Mr. Brown -. the second, Mr. Guelder, a light blue-eyed German, who had the enviable merit of being the best-looking officer on any ship trading to Sydney and the other ports of the colonies; the third, Mr. Smith, whose exclusive talent it -vas to do the ' mashing,' portion :-f the business necessary on board all ships dnring long voyages -and short ones too! for ibe matter of that ; aud the last of the quartette, wafi Mr. Evans C&rnell;, a nice enouizh voune fellow on board Bhip, bnt who, once he got on Una, sowed his wild cats with each luxuriance that his morals, his pockets, and his health were very soon undermined. The Chief Mate vrai a capital hand at spin ning a yarn. It was not often he would, but when he started he came out of all reserve, and rattled along at a style td-tt made vou uncommonly wish to break the head of the first person who interrupted. One evening some of u- were lounging in desk chairs oat side his cabin, chatting sociably away, and if the truth most be told trying to draw the lone bow on each other by spinning yarns with a ghost like- tendency, and the conversation turned upon what had fallen under the notice of each in this particular connection. I noticed Brown was uneasy in his manner, and had not spoken a word ever since tbe con versation had started. Three or four times his cigar had gone out, and presently he started and threw it from him with a jerk which sent it away yardB from the side of the vessel ' Look here, you fellows,' he began, sitting down, and palling his brown beard with both hands — a manner peculiarly his own when he was goiog to say anything out of the ordinary course of small talk. ' Look here ; I'm an older man than any of you, and I don't like to hear you treat these thing? with an everlasting joke abont them. I'm a sailor, you know, aud of course it wodM not be superstition in my time. Bnt if you had seen what I have, on, board thie very vessel,' shrug, and looking round with aa nncomfort able eye—*' and had the pleasant ttsk of tracing the matter out, you would not be quite so sceptical.' ' A regular ghost story ?' I asked, rather amused than otherwise, at iny stalwart friend's evident discomposure. 'I'm hinged if I kaow wbtt it was,** he replied- ' I'll teU you the whole of it if yon wait till I come off watch. And mind,'1 he added impressively, ' you're the first person I've ever told the whole thing to, with the exception of Guelder, andhebecame acquainted -with the first events of this unfortunate and mysterioDB occurrence through what happened on board this very ship — not so many yards away, either,' he added, with another un comfortable shrug- ' However, 111 go and relieve Guelder, and hare a «znoke on tbe bridge. Then I may be able to collect my faculties enough to put it before you in a manner that will excuse my apparent nervous ness. Good bye. old fellow, till my watch is done,' and be took his cap off the peg in his cabin, and with a pleasant nod walked away down tbe galley passage, and mounted tbe bridge. As soon as he was relieved the chief male re joined us on deck. ' Now come along,' he said, 'and make yourselves comfortable. There's the whisky, and here are cigars, and now for my etory,' and without further pre face he began : 'It was in the year IS 79, when we were coming out on a voyage from London to Syd ney. Things had gone very well indeed — as well as they have on the present occasion — and we were nearing ? , when the inci dent occurred of which I am going to tell you. There was one passenger on board who had excited my curiosity a great deal. He was a young man of at most thirty-three, and he bad joined the vessel at the last mo ment at Portsmouth, bringing with him very few goods, or personal belongings. He travelled saloon, but from his retiring disposi tion he did not make very great friends with any of the others. After meals were over he used to retire to some secluded corner of the deck, and read and smoke — he was a great smoker. At night-time when I have been on the bridge. I have watched him passing up and down the deck -just by where we are now — for hours, and occasionally when I have passed him he has been muttering to himself in an uncanny way. We bad not been oat more than four days, when he commenced to drink heavily, and in a short time *raa in a very bad way. Just about three days before reaching ? , Hendridge— ifaat was the young fellow's name — was taken with delirium tremens, and I was called to his cabin to see if I conld ssothe him at alL To wards nightfall, he had become much quieter, and I was sitting outside, just where I am now, when a message was brought that Hen dridge wished to Bee me. I at once walked up to his cabin, where I found him lying down. * Well, and how are things with yon now V 1 asked as I entered. ' But poorly,' he replied. * I sent for you because I wish to tell you something about myself. I come from Somersetshire.' he wentonfcverishly.andmen tioning tbe name of a village which I will not repeat. ' My father vw- the Clerk of Petty Sessions there, and well-to-do. About five years ago I left home to go to Bath — a dis tance of about thirty miles from my own home— where I was articled to a solicitor. I had always been a bit of a ne'er-do-well, which accounts for my starting in life bo late. While there I met a yonng girl named Emily Cobb, and we became very intimate, and were engaged to be married. About six months ago my father died, and I had to go home very suddenly. I was kept at home settling the affairs [of about three months, and when I returned to Bath the girl had gone. 1 made inquiries about her, and at last found she had moved to one of the suburbs, where she was receiving the attentions of a retired builder. I will not describe to yon the inter view we had, bnt at all events it was of a very furious nature, and the last thing I remember was that, as I left her, I prayed God I might never eee her again, or else I would kill her. When I think of it I cau hear her scornful laugh still ringing in my ears, aud it makes me mad and blood -thirsty. I was completely prostrated for some days, I could not settle down to anything. Then I had a| heavy bout of drinking, and now as a last re source, I am trying to see if new scenes, and eights, and ass'jeiations cannot cool me. Hut when I am mad with driuk, as I wns just urn the fiir face of Emily Cobb still jeering me, while her laugh rings in my ears, and 1 feel as if I must put my threat into execu tion !' 'I laughed at his fear, although I most own I was somewhat impressed with the man's tale. One thing be asked me t if 'any accident,' as he termed it, befel him—to take charge of his private effect*, and take them to bis widowed mother. Among them was a bank-book, showing a cossiderabie balancsin his favour. I promised him to do ao, more for the sake of humonriug the man than fof anything else, and I forgot all about it until next day a dreadful thing happened. About eleven o'clock at night - it was Christinas Ere —I was lying here, when I heard a peculiar idiotic laugh behind me, and turning round I saw Hendndge flourishing a whisky bottie1 half-empty. He was really mad drunk, and the unearthly glare in bis eyes startled me* although I was nat afraid for myself. He did not see me until he was nearly over my chair, and then he began talking some incoherent rubbish. I was just about to call for assist. ance to take him to his cabin, when h»» man ner suddenly changed, and be became quits' quiet, gazing into that corner. He let fall the whisky botde, and then, with a shriek, he dashed forward, apparently at nothing, and going down on his knees, cPTfTH^nc™^, as it were, squeezing the life out of someone. For a moment I was spell- booed, for without miking the slightest sound beyond breathing hard, there was the recumbent form of Ben' d ridge, with murder written on his face. I got up, and was walkingover to him, when I stopped horrified, for the peculiarity of his hands struck me. They were not grasped to gether, but they were just wide enough apart — tbe thought thrilled through me — to en compass a person's neck, and the veins wen starting on the back of the hands, as if they were being subjected to seme heavy prnmre. I was horrified for the instant, I say, but tbe next I had caught him by the shoulder, and was pnlliog him to bis feet away from * it* He got up stunned1 and dazed like, and tilt first words he said — they were imprinted on my brain— were, I told her the next time we met I would murder her.' Then he caught sight of the bottle, and wrenching himself loose he seized it, and poured tie contents down his throat. The disturbance bad reached other ears than mine, and some of the others came hurrying along. Hendridge heard them, and looking over his shoulder be exclaimed with a yell, they ehall nerer take me alive. Then with a supple spring hie threw himself on the bulwarks, and jumped overboard. All was pitchy black, and as the vessel was going at the rate of ten knots an hour, hie recovery was almost a tiling of im possibility. However, I jumped np the steps leading to the bridge, gave the order to 'bout ship, and get one of the quarter-boats lowered away. Search was vain, and in half tm hour we proceeded on our way-^one soul the less. About half an hour after the events to which I have recurred took place, I had to go on the bridge for the first watch, from twelve to four. It was Christmas morning— themselves on my memory, so that there can be no doubt as to their accuracy. I was up set and altogether 'off colour,' for the thought of those bauds kept thrilling through me. After deep reflection — it *as Heaven's mercy there was po collision that night, for I'm afraid I was not minding the ship as I ought to have been — I came to the conclitsiOD that I woull tell Captain B ? . I did no, and also of the promise I had given Hen dridge so short a time before bis death. The Captain wae much impressed with the facts more bo than I thought he would be, and, by his advice, I kept the story from the pas sengers. ?? He strongly advised me not to write to the unfortunate man's mother, but to wait till I'd returned, and this I agreed to do. The rest of oar journey was without mishap! sad we discharged the immigrants and canto at Sydney, and took in our homeward consign ' Tbe voyage home was not marked by anything eventful until we got to Suez, and heie I found a batch of papers and letters awaiting me. Can you guess what ensued ? I was looking over the paragraphs in the Home ATei«, when my eye caught the follow ing:— ' A mysterious MUKDER.— A most mysteri Eckerelie, a Email vinage close to Bstiu Early on Christmas morning a labourer whSe* of a yonug woman named Emily Cobb, lying face upwards close to a pool of water. The features were much distorted, and the medical man who examined tbe body is distinctly of opinion that there has been foul play. 1'he motive of the morder was not robbery, for the pockets and the jewellery the deceased woman was wearing were untouched. One of the saddest connections of the case is that she was to have been mirried to a Mr. Reid, a retired bniider, early in the following' ireek. There is not the slightest suspiciaa as to who committed the deed, and the whole neighbour hood Lb greatly shocked and mystified at the 'Those hands* That was the thought w'uich, aa it were, seared mv brain, and as if afraid to keep the discover}- to mvBelfr I hurried off to the Captain, and laid the paper before him without a word. To say that be tt-ae horrified would only be giving you a faint indication of his feelings. However, we could not do anything bat wait, and during the remaining daysiuid nights I passed a very miserable time of it. Often I could not sleep at oight, for reason of the thought of that unearthly struggle and those hands, and I hid to give up my seat oot here, close to the comer There it had occurred. On reaching London, the Captain gave me leave to go dpnu to Bath immediately. Before doing so, I turned up the file of the Daily TetesrapkfVt a restaurant, and referred to the columns for fnrtlier particulars as to the murder. For the first few days there was a lot ol wad con jectures hb to the motive q{ the murder, and the person of the murderer, bnt it all ended tttth the remark that the police had no cine to the guilty party. Of course not, for / had seen the. murder done, and Emily Cobb'e destroyer was fathoms beneath the sea. 'I arrived at Bath next day, and after some little trouble I searched oat the residence of Hendndge'6 mother. I performed my promise, and handed to her all the property the nnfortnnate nun had left behind. She was a nice old lady, and the sad ne- rs affected her greatly. Then 1 went to the chief police officer in the town, and told him my tale nnder the pledge of secrecy . He bad known Headridge very well, and he listened to what I told him with incredulous amazement. Of course he was as much mystified as I, and could cSernoexplan&tion.; Uetookmeroundto the «pot where the murder ha'i been com mitted, and I examined tlie place with a morbid curiosity. By a computation we made, ud mHaniag f'r the difference in time, ire were positive the mnrder must have been committed, if not t-t the very moment the ?troggle X*aw v^s taking place, within a very short period of ft. The tale leaked out m urmi) way. and the sensation it caused was 'Beyond what I have told yon, the murder of Emily Cobb was never discovered, and even now, after tue lapse of some years, I aefe myself with bated breath. What was it ? Mnrder in tbe fle*h, or murder in the spirit ? Can yon say which f ' 