Published every TUESDAY & FRIDAY MORNINGS . . . . . “ Be just, :in<l fear not; Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, thy God’s, and truth’s.” FRIDAY, MARCH loth, ISST. The absence in late European Cablegrams of war ncw» gucs to prove that the recent threatened declaration of hostilities hv the Russian bear, has for the present blown over. Imperial Russia's policy is more variable than the wind, and although a wave of severity seetus to have rested over all European affairs, it behoves the whole of the Engiisii spcaamg communities—at least— to be pre° pared in e.nse this despotic y-jJ treacherous power may resume a threatening aspect and decide to invade Afghanistan, which means that England will bebiuUgi.c into the conflict-, in which case all her colonial dependencies must be pre pared to take their part. In this present article it is not our pur pose to point out, in the event of such an outbreak, how the whole commercial business of Australia internally, on the coast, and at sea, would bo affected. The recent royal madman’s act—we mean that ot the Czar shooting dead one of his aid.e-d.e-cump'-s without the slightest reason, save perhaps like Hamlet, he was troubled with a. vision of his father’s ghost—in the shape of another Nihilistic plot, proves conclusively that, although his desire and that of his leading generals is to secure more territory, yet his fear of internal disruptions is uppermost in his mind. Despotic in mind a sense of self security must be ever engaging his wakeful moments. Recent advices from Europe inform us that internal complications have again arisen, which is an answer that these are of fargreater import ance to the Emperor of all the Russians than the annexing of j further territory from his neigh bors. Several writer’s have prog nosticated, including most in fluential and eminent- men, with great confidence that the war would take place in the coming Spring. These prognostications appear to bejustified by the belli cose utterances of some of the lead ing European statesmen, nrorv s pceially those ofPntxcK Bisma »f in Iris formidable threats aua st France. The attitude of Anuria towards Russia in the Bulgarian crisis also indicated this, whilst the Government of France showed a decided leaning towards Russia to evidently secure [rev as an alloy in case her Teutonic neighbors should again attack her. Such an alliance wctuld bo the result of political strategy purely. But it did tru ly appear as if there was to he a, disruption between the loading powers with Russia as the chief fncte.r of the ilistuvbance. Internnl disruption lias, however, for the time being, diverted the Czar’s u ttention from coveting his neighbor's land. Various reasons ltiiye been given by. political \vnt ers as to the motives prompt ing the Czar to annex more terri to ry. One of these reasons, which /.vc have previously alluded to, was | “‘that given by Mr Drew Gay, a veil informed and exjierienced war eorresj>ondent, that hussar was eager to secure one or more “ warm” cr open ports, to facilitate her sea traffic when her present ports are blocked up with iec dur ing the winter months. This ob ject, Mr Gay was of opinion, was the only motive that actuated Russia in her warlike propensity. This wiis apparently demonstrated "by her massing large bodies of troops on the Afghan frontiers; her determination and persistcncy nt all hazards to push south and encroach on her neighbor’s domains. But besidesaccomplish ing such a desire, we are of opinion that these continued threatened invasions are made with a possible view of diverting the attention of her serf population from internal strife and discontent at the despotic form of Govern ment. Up to the present- measures of the most extreme and arbitrary nature have been adopted to sup press all Nihilist outbreaks, and it has been evidenced that the dis content exists chiefly amongst the educated middle classes and even amongst some of the nobility, rather than the unfortunate and ignomntserfs who form the greater portion of the population. Deal ing with the whole question from an Australian standpoint and see ing the way in which Russia has disregarded and broken her pro mises to the greater powers, we cannot help but come to the con clusion, provided her internal affairs are undisturbed, that her polic\T means agresssion and covetousness, no matter what the sacrifice of life may be. "\Vc are glad to cue that our Government are continuing energetic in the promotion of our coastal fortiii catmi.s. and although we are at Shepparton, situated a long way inland, still it behoves us to be on alerl. Me lia\e an ex cellent ride club, but we would like to see a local defence force in the shape of a mounted corps es tablished so that, if need he, our town might be property repre sented in an^’ scheme that might be adopted in time ot war to secure the defence of Victoria. Ocr Cashel correspondent writes that a n—ct:r.^ of the Moira Agricultural anti 1'astorai Society will take place to-morrow, at 5 p.m. The business to come on for will include the arrange stents for election of a Secretary in room ©f the late Mr Sewell. A RARE musical treat is in store for the residents of Shcpparton and the surround ing district. Their business manager in Toin*s uS. hy letter from Ballarat, that the popular Australian Payne Family of musi ctu— hn.o a.iauged to give one of tlieii entertaining concerts in the Fufclic Hall, «n the evenings of ISth and 19th iust. Particulars will appear later on. As a sequence to his disgraceful en ecu'-’" with Sutton, the bookmaker, Jxird LVcrliurst lias resigned (1) His posi tion as aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor, and intends taking a sea voyage in Lord Dudley's yacht. Y'e note, with pleasure, that at Yea, the other day, a publican was fined LlO, with L-i 10s costs, for allowing a drunken man, against whom a prohibition orelcr liad been made, on his premises. The ouAssnoi-i'EEs are nearing Shep parij.. degiees, cropping the grass and every bit of green herbage before them much closer than a flock of sheep could do. We were informed yesterday that besides ■the gr choppers caterpillars are becoming altogether too plentiful in Pine Lodge. l: attention lias Leeu drawn t< disgraceful state of the surface o: bridge over the Broken Diver. Guthrie the deck of same hieing iiu CoTored, after a sbo ier of raiu, by sli with the storm water lodging in Pools in many places, to the manife: jury of this part of the structure, la the obvious dauger to life aud through the risk of horses falling „i: nlippery surface presented to traffic, would respectfully suggest that a augur holes bored through the deck, w the water lodges, would leiucdy one p.amt, and surely a compact lietwoci Shires of Kuroa and.Shepparton cow arranged to keep the bridge free of the that accumulates. We siuoercly • this paragraph will not have been wr Mu W. Ferocsson, Ins] T'orests, arrived in Sheppai from the Dookic Evperius terday, and was met by set residents, including Mr J our local representative in Agricultural Education, M dent of the Agricultural i G. Mason, and Mr J. M. \ whom embraced the opportt conversational chat in a si the Royal Hotel, of seeki valuable information res pc jecU on which Mr Fergus* leatan authority. This m< gusson, in compliance with the Indies mentioned, wi] Show Grounds, Botanical Public Park, the object licii which .twos are best suite, thereon. Air Fc,-gusson re Lou rue t>y this evening’s trai Permit, he trill be indue, Messrs Mason Bros.’ magnil 'au<‘ run over to note the «nr friends aureus the river Aiftn and froit gro.wng indusi . ^e-R- *',IAKt,T0N ^Miouncei vertismg co1uhj08 ie j); business as a general blatfem Str'2^’ I3* tl>e pre"lise« i Baptist Home Mission Services next SundayShepparton (Mechanics’ Ilall), 11 a.m., Mr Edwin Long, 7.30 p.m., Bev Win. Jones. We unukk.staj.t. that Messrs S. M‘Donald and Co.’s opening stock sale at -'O' tli Mooroopna, on Friday last, was satisfactory in every respect. Their sales l at Caniambo and Karramotnus follow in the order mentioned in our advertising col nmns. In conn patios with the difficulty that lias arisen respecting the issue of a Victual lers License for Mr James Whitfield's premises, at Kialla West, we understand the authorities have decided to accept the fee. Practically, this is tantamount to Mr M hitfiehl securing his licence. 1 EnTEEIiay tend eus were called by the Railway Commissioners for the construc tion of a line from Nuinurkah to Cobram, the tenders being returnable on 26th prox. On Monday week next, tenders for the Nathalie line will be opened. Dookie should follow in quick succession 1 Jilt IIazki.i., one of the two representa tives of the National Labor Bureau, referred to in onr last issue, visited Shepparton on Tuesday, for the purpose of ascertaining the state of the labour market here, and wliat class of immigrants would most readily find employment in the agricultural districts. Ho was met at the statiou by Jfr J. G. Jl’Kinney, and in troduced to several gentlemen in the town, who gave him the desired informa tion. Mr Hazel! expressed himself satis fied with the prospects of the place, and thought that the right class of workmen would find remunerative employment in the locality. ■ A rcBUc trial of Gilsenan’s Patent Cul tivator, of which Messrs T. Robinson and Co. arc the sole makers, took place last Monday afternoon on the farm of Mr F. J. \oung, Mooroopna, in the presence of a good number of farmers, wlio evinced con j sidcrable interest in the proceedings. The machine was first tried in a fallow paddock, ; and afterwards on a piece of stubble land, i Altogether the work done was most satis factory, the land being thoroughly pulver ised to the ordinary depth of ploughing. Subsequently the Cultivator was tried in a lucerne paddock, and it was here that its real merits were shown, for it proved to he tlie machine needed in a lucerne paddock, viz., one that is capable of breaking up and crumbling tlie soil without covering the cereal. Were the teeth of the Gil senan Cultivator pointed square instead of being chisel shaped, by it the damage done to loeeme would be reduced to minimum. We andersland that through the local agents, Messrs Knight and Field, the rep resentative of the makers received severa ordeis lor smaller sized Cultivators, which are to be used in the Mooroopna district for vineyard and orchard purposes. Next day a second trial was made at Mr Field's place, “ Oakrisc,” Kialla West, with re" suits equally as satisfactory as the Moor oopna experiment. An automatic seed sower, attached to tlie Cultivator, is a fea ture well worthy of notice, and should thoroughly commend itself. Seeing that the Cultivator is entirely new to the Guulburn Valley, a description of it may not be uninteresting to many of our readers. It is best described in a few words as follow:—The two series of tilled centres are so framed and arranged as to lie cap able of describing a complete circle inde pendently of each other; this enables them to be adjusted to any description of work, to “scale or gather,” to fill in deep fnrrows, cut down nigh crowns, to leave damp soil light, or compress dry soil when covering seed. Tlie cutting tines are inser ted into tlie centres by a simple and secure method, so that they can be readily taken oat to be repaired or replaced. Each sec tion of tines can be placed in four different positions. It will be soon discovered which of these is the most suitable for the work on band. The pull is taken from the swivel wheel in front, as in an ordinary cultivator. A scufiler attached to the hind wheel is chiefly valuable for covering seed. The seed sower can be adjusted to sow any kind of seed, and any quantity to the acre. Fi:OM ye-teriiay'k Gonlburn Valle,/ l toman we take the following -.—Messrs Cussen and Go. have a commission from several Melbourne gentlemen to purchase 600 to 1000 acres of land capable of being easily irrigated. This is in anticipation of the advantages we are to derive from the construction of the Goulbum weir. Our future, therefore, as an agricultural community would appear to be full of pro mise. Mr Bain, an assistant of Mr Comer, of Nagambie, is busily engaged in taking the levels of the irrigation allotments which are to be put up to auction next mouth. On the allotments already pur chased preparations for planting thh year have already been commenced. Messrs Knight, West, Hardy, Mills, M'Cullogh, looting, Good.,on, and Bcrsica all intend planting this year, more or less ex tensively, vines, oranges, and other fruits. Mooroopna, thanks to the enterprise of a few of our citizens and farmers, bids fair to become the “Los Angeles” of the Goul lmni Valiev. i s>'Kcial general meeting of the V " is CUI1’S Club on Wednesday evening. j»r I1. G. Haymes was elected President for the ensuing term; Messrs IV. Johnson, and h. K. Heales Vice-Presidents ; Mr Kitson, treasurer; and Mr T. R. Smith hon. -Secretary. T he opi ning match for the reason takes place on Tuesday next. The Residents of Nuinurkah corn] that tlie accommodation provided for transaction of public business in township is totally inadequate, am together unsuitabb for the growing quire moots of the district. Conseqm an agitation is on foot for tlie purpo getting tiie Government to ereeta sine building, which shall include a post telegraph office, a court hoarse and a treasury. It is said that the tow rapidly increasing, and at the present I contains a population of over 1000 pers 1 he district is also the centre of a agricultural field, the grain traffic a being a very heavy and important it A deputation, on Wednesday, introdr by Messrs Hall and Graham. M.L./ waited on the PostmastcMJeneral Minister of Public Works and the Uni icasiircr, with the view- of obtaii co-operation in tlie matter in view, each case the deputation was assured t] request would be given consideration. Serious bush £nes raging in the Lance field district. ■“ Try Again” Co. Rushwortb, hive got 20S ozs. retorted gold from 0 loads of quartz. Application of Murchison ratepayers for .-'eranee refused. Fverii Melliourue booking office bar a.rionsly entered oa Tuesday. A < -rll Colac resident killed by a fall iug tree the other day. , Loudon wheat market is strengthening, and quotations Jjd higher. ; Emperor William’s birthday celebrated ] everywhere with great pouip. I Population of England and Wales, in ’ 1883, was 27,490,041 persons, ' Mate of Ada AJelumre blamed for wreck ‘ of the Kapuuda. - I-Vi li compensation paid in connection . with the Belfast riote. Ll,071,609 paid iato the N.S.IV. Go- r vemmeut Saving* Bank last year. 