MISCELLANEOUS. Last week the Broken Hill Mine yielded 27,539 oz. of silver. Mr. W. Lowrie has been appointed Pro . feBBor of Agriculture for Adelaide. Small-pox is abating in Tasmania, nnd no fresh cases are reported. At Warragul, Victoria, three men have been killed at a camp fire by the fall of a tree. B^ A cow the other morning walked into the K_ Bijou Theatre, Melbourne*, and destroyed a ^~ number of mirrors, after which the police ? collared her. The latest criminal returns published in 'j/ India show that no abnormal increase of | Crime has followed on the release of 23,000 ] prisoners at the Jubilee celebration last February. ': The colony ebows the following exports during the nine months ending September 30 :— Bark, £54,948 ; butter, £1,705 ; e^e, £18,443 j fresh froit, £9,003; jams mid preserves, £17,720; leather, £27,047 ; soap, ! £7,614; wine, £10,190; S.A. »old, £61,741. : The Adelaide correspondent of the Ka punda paper writes : — ' I hear that Allerdale Grainger lies seriously ill, and has been worse than he is. Poor Grainger ! he had lots of ability. If he had only activity and good judgment he would have been a very prominent and a very useful man.' The business of catching and killing alli gators gives occupation, it is stated in a St. Louis paper, to many persons in the South. The hide of a large alligator is worth 6s to 10s. It is almoBt a day's task to skin a large one. Alligator oil (which has at first a most unpleasant smell) is much valued as a L remedy for rheumatism. Fishermen some ?*% - times eat portions of the animal's body. I. The flesh of the tail when cooked is said to be tike veal in look and like pork io taste. I ? Thus an exchange : — As showiug the decadence of potato culture in the Warr tiuuibiKil district, it is reported that during the past few Weeks no business of any con sequence has been done at the local potato market, and mutters in councction with the staple product of this district have become (\ dead letter. This slate of affairs will very likely continue up to the end of the year, when the uest potato season will com mence. The following are the extraordinary weights of fleeces of two of the Merino rams exhibited at the Bendigo Agricultural Society's show by Messrs. S. Booth & Co., of Gunbower, which were shorn, and on the fleeces being weighed the results were : — One fleece (a four-year-old ram) turned the scales at no less than 25£ lb, and the other ram (three-year-old) yielded 18 lb. of wool. The animals were entirely firnsa fed, and the fleeces were only of one season's growth. — Leader. A French pedagogue has invented an electric whip. He submits it to all who have to do with children as au excellent substitute for the birch-rod, cane, or hempen whips which hitherto have been used to tone down the exuberant spirits of boys and girls of school age. The cane, and even the twig6 of the birch, leave marks on the skit), a sort of disagreeable souvenir of certain bad quarter hours. The electric whip leaves no such marks, and it has the further merit of giving out shocks more or less graduated according to the gravity of the offence. A novel battle was witnessed on a farm in St. Clair township, Ohio, between a stal lion and a shorthorn bull. The auiiuals were grazing in adjoining fields, when some thing roused the bull. He jumped the fence and encatred the stallion in combat. The stallion, a Clydesdale, displayed pluck, and for a few minutes the struggle was terrible. All efforts to separate them were futile, and the battle continued for 10 minutes, when the bull gored his adversary in a vital spot, killing him instantly. The bull showed the effects of the struggle in bites and bruises all over his body received from the horse. Madame Patti is said to have a fan on which are the, autographs of all the sovereigns of Europe. Here is a selection : — The Gzar, Noshing is so soothing as your singing. The Emperor of Germany, To the ever-singing nightingale. Queen Christina, To the Spanish woman from & Queen who is proud to have her for a subject. Queen Victoria, If King Lear is right in saying that a sweet voice is a precious gift in a woman, you are the richest of women. The Emperor and Empress of Austria have merely signed. M. Thiers, at the time he was President of the Republic, wrote, Queen of song, I stretch forth my hand to thee. Writing on the fall of rents and the number of vacant farms, an English con temporary eays that it has become very difficult to let & farm in England even at a greatly-reduced rent, and adds : — ' One oi the largest landowners in Mid- Staffordshire, whose farms are in good condition and are supplied with excellent buildings, has nearly every holding vacant, and his nominal in come of £10,000 or £12,000 a year is re duced to about £1,500. He has had to let his mansion — the first time such a thing has happened in 500 years — and take a small house in a neighboring village.' Mr. J. B. Fowler writing to the Standard from Wiesbaden respecting the alleged phylloxera vastatrix — grape- vine destroyer —in German vineyards, says : — ' I do not know that it has yet been found in any of the larger vineyards ; but it has appeared in numerous instances in gardens and small patches of vines, both here and at Biebrich, on the Rhine, a distance of six or eight miles from some of the most valuable vine yards. Inspectors are at present examining all vines in the district, and it is to be hoped that the measures taken will effec tually check the spread of the dreaded in flect.' An atrocious military murder has been committed at Bangalore, India. The native adjutant of the 12th Madras Infantry shot a subahdar with a revolver and then fired at a havildar major, who escaped. The murderer then barricaded himself in his own quarters, where were his wife and two children and other female relations, The military authorities feared that any attempt to force an entrance might cause the death of the woman, so they telegraphed to the Commander-in-Chief for orders. The reply wae, ' Try and take the murderer alive.' Next morning three shots were heard in the house, and he called out that he had shot his wife. During the afternoon he let out the children and his mother-in-law, and the murderer and his wife were both found dead. It is believed that jealousy was the cause of the crime. Last year a private in the same regiment shot a eubahdar. At a celebration over the opening of a large portion of one of the biggest railways in South Australia Mr. Ebenezer Ward spread himself in his usual rhetorical fashion. Although he did not talk for two hours, as in the tariff debate last week, bis declamations were found equally tedious. Shortly afterwards one of the contractors had to reply to the toast of his health. He had been to several whisky picnics the same week, and was consequently pretty well saturated with that potent and frolic some comforter. Under such circumstances, as the old proverb tells us, truth will out. He steadied himself by the table, drew out a portentous-looking watch, and dangling it by an inch of chain, so that all might see, he delivered himBelf thus : — ' Mr. Chair man, I've just heard a man talk for twenty minutes, and I could have said as much as he did while my little watch went tick. — 3»f. B. Courier. Much excitement has prevailed in Gates head, England, owing to a report that a ghost has been seen in the borough. A public-boose which stood sear the end of the Bigh-Levei Bridge is undergoing demolition to make way for a coffee and reading room for the employed of the North-Eastern Railway Company. This is the spot which is now said to be haunted by the ghostly visitor. Cynical wngs suggest that there was a much better array of spirits in the public-house before a commencement was made with the work of pulling it down than can possibly be the case now. However that may be, there are not wanting those who declare that at night a female ghost is to be seen flitting here and there over the spot in question. So widespread is the interest in the matter that hundreds of people have awaited the vision, and on more than one occasion tbe roadway has been blocked by the throng. Superstition is not defined yet, it seems. From the scarcity and dearness of alumi nium, tbe chief value of the metal hBB hitherto depended on its usefulness as an alloying material. It may be confidently asserted that there is not one of the use ful metals that is not benefitted by the addition of a little aluminium. The color of gold itself is improved by the addition of 3 per cent, of aluminium, while it is rendered more hard and dnrable without losing its malleability ond ductility. In like manner aluminium is improved by a slight addition of other metals. This adaptability to many purposes is a valuable property, in which it has no superior. The latest addition to the list of the useful alloys is that with zinc. Three per cent, of alumi nium added to 97 percent, of zinc produces an alloy harder than either metal separately. Pure zinc is very dull in color, and so is aluminium, and yet the alloy is remarkable for its brilliancy. This property of improv ing tbe good qualities of other metals and of being improved by them is quite remark able. No other metal possesses it except in an inferior degree. — ' CEdipus.' The ' fierce light' that beats about the Bulgarian tbrone is evidently considered by calculating authorities to be of a more than ordinarily perilous character. ' A fact has come to my knowledge,' remarks a corres pondent of a London newspaper, ' which I think has a certaiu significance in connec tion with the future of events in South Eastern Europe. Prince Ferdinand of Coburg, before leaving Vienna for Sofia to mount the ricketty Bulgarian throne, en deavored to insure his life. He proposed to take out a policy for the sum of 800,000 francs, or £32,0(30 English money. The leading Viennese assurance company, with a prophetic eye, perhaps, refused tbe offer. The Prince then applied to the other com panies, who all in turn gave him the same discouraging answer. Then the Prince tried to insure his life for a comparatively small sum in each office — these sum would in the aggregate amount to the £32,000 first men tioned — but was refused even in this matter. The Prince ultimately had to go off to Sofia uninsured. This, to my thinking, is some what startling, though I hope the insurance companies may be wrong id the forecast which prompted their refusal,' Thus a writer in the Bunyip : — The fol lowing I can vouch for as true, and as occurring during the past week. A poor woman acting as housekeeper to a working man (who we will call Bill) received from tbe man's master what they both thought was a £1 note. This, however, proved to be a tenner when presented to a son of Crispin in payment of an account. With praiseworthy honesty the woman returned the note to the person from whom she obtained it. He had missed it, but believed it had been taken by some one against whom he would not proceed. Startled at her honesty, for she might easily have kept the whole £10 (and she was poor), honest John was surprised into giving her £1. However, she had not long left when he re gretted that he had been so generous, and so when pay-day came round he attempted to stop it from Bill, saying the £1 he had given to the woman was simply an advance to him. This Bill strongly resisted, saying, ' That won't do for me. It is for you to reward the woman not me ;' and so honest John still bewails the sudden betrayal into honesty. Commenting on the reduced prices of pedigree stock, the North British Agricul turist remarks that the decline has been greatest in the shorthorn breed, probably because it, or at least certain tribes of it, were so tremendously high priced at one time. Where in the ' fancy' times of some some six to 16 years ago thousands of guineas would have been obtained, hundreds are with some difficulty got now. Of course, in the case of the ordinary shorthorn the depreciation is much less than where pure fancy had carried fashion so far as breaking the ' four figures' for one animal, worth to the butcher about £20. Pedigree short horns, however, which at best would net have reached 100 guineas are now procurable at less than half what they would have realised 10 years ago. The fancy, or four-figure sorts, are down to less than one-fifth of their former market worth, and all over, shorthorns probably realise less over butcher, cross, or commer cial value just now than they done for many years, if not, indeed, since the first shorthorn was brought north of the Tweed, or since pedigree registration carried with it en hanced value. A Melbourne paper says : — The dis covery of a large nugget of gold in the Stawell mining district is thus reported to the mining department by Mr. H. Bate, the local mining surveyor: — 'Stawell, Octo ber 15. — At about half-past 6 o'clock yester day morning a man named Charles Harnall, while engaged in weeding vines in his garden, near Garden Gully, about one and s half miles south from Great Western Township, made a false stroke with his hoe and ruined one of his vines. This mis fortune was, however, compensated by the fact that the same stroke of his hoe dis closed a fine nugget of gold which, on its arrival at the London Chartered Bank at Stawell, was found to weigh 88 oz. 36 dwt. 21 gr. The gold will be forwarded to Melbourne on about November 1, and I think the mining department should pro cure a plaster cast of it, as from its form (which may be classed as botryoidal) per haps some information, may be obtained as to the mode of occurrence of such nuggets. The land in which the treasure was found had been previously repeatedly turned over.' A writer in a Sydney contemporary says : — The number of men now employed rab biting in New South Wales cannot be accurately stated, but it is known to con siderably exceed 2,000. They are paid on the bonus system, at prices ranging from 3d up to Is per scalp, and the gross mosey earned per man ranges from £3 to £10 per week. Rabbiting, therefore, has become one of the recognised industries of the colony. Throughout the back country it is customary to hear it described as ' about the best line going.' This is usually the outrider's description of it, though occa einally a rabbiter is to be found whose ac count is somewhat different. Cases will be cited for you of men giving up good situa tions to go rabbiting, and, on the other hand, you will hear of men abandoning the profession in disgust and starting business as ' unemployed.' All this, however, goes to prove but very little either way. Again, it is a common thing to meet a rabbiter going to work with a boggy and pair. As a matter of fact, when a trap showing a little extra style is met with in some parts of the country the immediate inference is that the occupier is a rabbiter. And not uncommonly that conclusion will be the correct one. When I was in Silverton a squatter told me he had just been into a tobacconist's shop. While transacting his business there, in came a gorgeous individual in quest of a. supply of cigars at Is each. He was a rabbiter. At WiScannia the most gorgeous supper of the season has been that of the rabbiter who recently entered an hotel and put down on the bar counter a cheque of a thousand and seventy odd pounds to be changed in payment of a 6d drink. It must be remembered, however, that neither the Is cigar, the champagne supper, nor tbe four-figure cheque episodes are matters of every-day occurrence. 