Hew South Wales. SIDNEY-, Julv 14. The man Finney, the victim of the Redfera shooting case, failed io appear in support of the charge of attempted murder preferred against his son to-day,' and the case was postponed untilTuesday. A warrant will be issued for the attendance of the prosecutor. Forged £5-notes of the Union Bank of Aus tralia are in circulation. Another great flood has occurred on the Tweed Elver, which has risen 10 feet, and is still rising. With the heavy rain cane cutting is entirely suspended. A rumour is current that a portion of the Lachlan Swamp, otherwise Centennial Park, »s to be devoted to a new vice-regal residence to be called the Centennial Palace. About 40 or 50 acres will be resetved for that purpose, and the erection and the building of the new vice regal residence will go on simultaneously with that of the State-house. In accordance with a resolution passed at the Orange meeting on the 15th of July, the Grand Master cabled to Lord Salisbury as follows: " Loyal" Orange Meeting. Twenty thousand sympathise with you on the Irish question." Sydn*EY, July 15. A cablegram hag. been received from Sir Saul Samuel confirming the statement that the postal authorities in France would resist the re duction in the transit charges on mails, on account of a convention with the railway com panies, but that they will again consider the question. Lord Carrington left Svdney lust night for Adelaide, on a visit lo the Exhibition. The Treasurer has given notice to a large rumber of men on the extra statf of the Cus toms Department that their services will not be required after the end of September, the collection of ad valorem duties ceasing at that time. While searching for som? outward and visible signs of the reported ghost the police atLud denham, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human bodies. There are at present 91 houses in Sydney which coutain private bars, 2G of which are sublet to. girls. It is probable the Licensing Act will be amended in order to cope with the growing evil of the private bars sublet to these girls. . Sydxey. July 15. The Supreme Court has refused an applica tion for bail on behalf of Borsboom, who is unler committal on a charge of shooting his wife at. the coffee palace. While tho family of the Hon. Jus. White were at dinner last Wednesday a robbery of jewellery to tho value of £100 w:is effected. !Xo due has bmi fomua th.-» *vbb«\\. Tli»* Sailor's Home, .v-hfcn criar&u.; tinul. haviiiic beeu thoroughly uisinicciedj wa§ released to-day. Mr.C. Redgrave has been appointed- C.P.S. and chief deposition clerk at the Central Police Office, riee Stewart deceased. - 5 A notorious female thief and swindler named Clara Thomas was captured yesterday repre senting herself as the daughter of Judge Dowling. The police state that the woman has been going about for.'the last six years ob taining goods by false pretences.'-' * Sxdxey, JulylG. The steamer Port Victor got aground near the Sow and Pig Lightship, coming up the western channel yesterday morning. She was, however, floated off uninjured. A meeting of the Sydney wine and spirit trade was held yesterday, to disouss the netf Customs regulations as to the distillation pro cess and collection cf increased duties. It was , decided to abide by the new departure. . j Captain Poole, of the whaling barque John 1 and Winthrop, reports that Mount Tinakula, ? in the New Hebrides, has become an active I volcano. | A Wesleyan commission, consisting of the : Rev.W. Stephenson, presidentoftheConfefence, the Rev. G. Brown, and Mr. P. Fletcher, has been despatched from Sydney to inquire into the affairs of that church in Tonga. At a large meeting in the Town Hall last night it was decided to form a head centre of St. John's Ambulance Society in Sydney. Lord and Lady Brassey were . among the speakers, and intimated their intention of be coming life members together with Lord and Lady Carrington. Mr. John M'Mahon, son of Alderman M'Mahon of Sydney, was yesterday drowned near Braidwood while duck-shooting. The creditors of John Sands yesterday unani mously decided to accept 05. in the £ cash in one week, and the balance at an interval of three months, making inaU 20s. in full. Br. Wright, the victim of the recent criminal conspiracy, was yesterday presented by Sir Alfred Roberts with a parse of sovereigns and an address of sympathy on behalf of the medical profession. Stdney, July IS. An important circular relating, to the de struction of the rabbit pest has "been issued by the Mines Department to a number of lessees in the more heavily infested portion of the Western Division. It proposes enclosing with a wire fencing not less than 12,000,000 acres, the lessees paying 4 per cent, upon the cost and keeping the fence in repair. * A man named Cornelius Johnson made two determined attempts to commit suicide in his cell at the Central Police Court on Friday afternoon, first by hanging and then by firing his bedding. Snow was falling in Kiandra yesterday morn ing, and there were appearances of a heavy cover. Fruit canning is about to be started as a new industry in the Maitland district. The Government has decided to accept, the tender of A. Tornaghi and Co. for the erection of a new clock for the post office tower. The tender was recommended for acceptance by the Works and Post Office Departments, and the work will cost £5,4S0, and will be subject to the approval of some English specialists. The steamer Guthrie, with the first of the new season's teas from Foochow, arrived in Port Jackson on Saturday, after a quick passage of 18 days. Lord Shaftesbuiy was a passenger. He intends "doing" the Aus tralian colonies, and returning, to London via New Zealand and Cape Horn. ' ' ' During the voyage of the ship Sir Walter Raleigh from London to Sydney, a* second saloon passenger named Henry Hiscocks died from consumption. At an aggregate meeting of members of the Hunter Rivrt Miners' Association at the re serve, Wallsend, on Saturday, a resolution was passed condemning the tribute system now ob taining in the New South Wales pits. A second resolution thanked Mr. John Norton for the light he has thrown «->n the labour question. Special sermons were yesterday preached by the Rev. H. L. Jackson, incumbent of St. James's, Sydney, in support of the new system he proposes introducing in lieu of the existing Sunday school system. The Premier has received a letter from General Schaw, who is staying at Limestone Island, Whangarie, the late residence of Sir George Grey, that he will arrive in Sydney towards the end of the month. General Schaw will then undertake the work, which the Government by telegram commissioned him to do-namely, the inspection of the fortifications and tho whole of our system of harbour cfefcnces. . The Marine Board, -*? yesterday, absolved Captain Wilson from all blame in connection with the loss of the ketch Ann. A letter has been received from the secretary of the Irish National League -by Mr. F. B. Freehill, president of the New South Wales branch of the league, gratefully acknowledging the receipt of a recently sent chequefor£l,000. The letter speaks hopefully of Irish affairs. No further outbre;ik having taken place, it is expected that those quarantined at North Head in connection with the late smallpox outbreak will be released towards the end of this week. For the first time within the memory of the oldest officers in the Central Police Court, yes terday there was no female prisoner before the bench. The system of placing a poll tax on China men is being called in question, amd serious defects are being pointed out. It is asserted that many naturalisation papers are "doc tored." The report of the Australian Joint Stock Bank shows a net profit of £41,407, and it is proposed to declare a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, and a bonus of 2s. per share. The Casual Labour Board reports that from various parts of the country there in a growing legitimate demand for labour, and large num bers are leaving the casual for permanent em ployment. Great damage to fences, timber, and fruit trees lias been done by the very liijrli westerly winds which have prevailed at Wollongozg during the past few days. Yesterday Jainal Jwal, an oricnt-il seaman belonging to the P. and O. Company's Car thage, was found dead on board the steamer Guthrie, where he had gore with a number of shipmates in. a stato of intoxication. I The /body of the young - man, M'Mahon, drowned near Braidwoodj lias been recovered} and will be forwarded to Sydney for iiitcrment. The stables at the tear of M'Namura's Club Hotel, Bega, have been totally destroyed' by fire. Cowdroy's store was also much damaged. The loss is estimated at £2,000 or £4,000. i A private cablo received states that Bishop Pearson has arrived in England, and that the medical experts who have been consulted are i hopefnlof his ultimate recovery. ; In reference to the reported suicide ; of Mr. Tebbiitt, late of Murrurundij subsequent in quiry goes to show that although he died from the effects of ft self-inilicted wound, it was not inflicted with a homicidal intent, but merely to remove a temporary pain. " ' . .: The human bones found by the police near Penrith, whilst searching for the reported ghost, go to show that a foul deed has been committed, and the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but not having the proper tools he then tried cremation. The hole started for the grave was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported as having I been seen. I . , . SYDNEY, July 19. The news of the death of Lady Stuart, widow of the late Premier, has been confirmed. The young man Finney, who shot his father at Redfern, has been committed for trial on a charge of intended murder. The business of the Commercial Bank for the half-year shows a profit of £80,05S, and a dividend of 25 per cent, has been declared. The Mercantile Bank has declared a dividend of 9 per cent, per annum. Mr. John M'Phillamy, a well-known Bathurst resident, died last night, aged 62. Ho hfl? left property valued at a quarter of a million. SYDNEY, July 20. Lord and Lady Brassey received a hearty .welcome at Newcastle yesterday, and during the day the party inspected the various works round the harbour, and the vantage grounds of the city. A visit was also paid to the New castle Coal Company's pit. The Casual Labour Board yesterday sent 35 men to different parts of the colony, and to-day expect to send 20 navvies to the Bungendorc raU way works. " The celebration of the 25th anniversary of the Rev. Dr. Steel's pastorate drew a large audience to St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church last night, including the leading .ministers of other denominations. Beside numerous eulogis tic references to his life and work he received a number of addresses and presents. As the result of his recent determined at tempts to commit suicide in the cells at the Central Police Court, Cornelius Johnson "was yesterday committed to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions. The mangled remains of a man not yet iden tified were found on the railway line near Ashfield yesterday morning. A large, enthusiastic, and orderly meeting of those interested in the formation of a daily paper to be published in Sydney in the in terests of protection was yesterday held in the new Masonic Hall, Castlereagh street, under the chairmanship of Mr. J. P. Abbott, M.P. Amongst those present were Messrs. Garvan, Bibbs, Lyne, Ewing, Tochey, and Fletcher, MM.P., and Mr. Traill and others. A resolution in favour of the objects of the meeting was carried unanimously. The chief feature of the gathering was a long speech by Mr. Dibbs, M.P., in which that gentleman, amidst the cheers of the audience, an nounced his conversion from free trade to protection. He advanced in support of his change the argument that protection was best for this colony on the ground that the surrounding colonies had adopted it, and that as they are not likely to adopt freetrade to suit us, we should adopt their principles and become protectionists. He added that this would be the basis on which the federation of the colonies might be attained. Following on the reports of the rabbit pest having been discovered in. the eastern suburbs, comes a similar[reportfrom the western part of the environs of Sydney. About Druitt Town and Bankstown the rabbits are so thick that though the people have not been troubled with them quite so much during the last month or two, as vegetation is so plentiful, yet their gardens and farms have su£fer<xl greatly from the marauders, it being no uncommon thing to find all their young! plants utterly ruined. Cook's River district also seems to be infested "with rabbits, as the ground in some parts is fairly riddled with holes, though per haps many of them are untenanted. At the auction tea sales yesterday little was done, though bigger sales are confidently looked for to-day. Under the hammer only some 50 half-chests were sold at 30s.; D.H., 75 at 33s.; 100 at 32s. Gd., with 50 boxes quitted publicly at 9s., and the remaining 50 were placed privately at the same figure. - Private sales after the auction was over showed a line of 7G half- chests placed at 3Gs., 150 halves at 39s., and 100 boxes at lis. A further line of 50 halves was also done at 40s. Gd., with an equal quantity placed at 32s. A parcel of 41 half-chests was also placcd privately ut -15s., the bidding lacked animation, the trad<; evidently hanging off to see how things were likely to go. SYDNEY, July 21. The Chinese Commissioners leave this evening for Brisbane, "via Newcastle. On the recommendation of the Special Com mittee of Inquiry of the Council of Cyclists' Union last night it was decided to disqualify Dwyer for 12 months and C. W. Bennett for 18 months, as well as accepting the suggestion that C. R. "Wood should be cautioned and S. H. Fairland be severely reprimanded. Lady Brassey and family yesterday left Newcastle by train for Tcnternclu, whence they proceed to Queensland. Lord Brassey left in the Sunbeam. Mr. John Ryan, an old and well-known resident of Fairy Meadows, near "Woollongong, whs killed on Tuesday by a fall from his buggy. dissatisfaction amongst the Bulli widows continues, and more objections to the com mitteo's proposals are bcing raised.-~Tboy.wani the relief money either in a, lump sum,-.or to liavo its distribution extend over a few "years only. The flagship Nelson} accompanied by H.M.. Swinger, left j'estcrduy for the South , Sea' Islands Suva will bo the first,port of call.... During tho month of May 020,506 rabbits were destroyed by 2,153 men employed, and 5,034,073 acres arc now reported to bo .infested - in Kewr South "Wales. . Tho tentli annual exhibition of the N.S.W. Poultry, Pigeon, Canary, iiud Dog Society was opcned. in the Exhibition^ Building, Princo AlfredPark* yesterday afternoon. Both as regards Quantity aiid quality of exhibits tho show, is superior to any as yet held in N.S."WV. The society have made a wise departure ili ilj» ' troducingthe dog element, /which, was one of tho attractions of the ehow. Owners^ and breeders of valuable dogs responded to ,tho appeal, and the result was a genuine success. Among the judgesis Dr. Hill, of Brisbane. The show yesterday was well attended,-and will remain open till Saturday evening. Tho sales of the season's tea were resumed yesterday, when Fraser and Co. put over 10,000 packages, ex Guthrie. There was a large attendance and spirited competition, and nearly all the lots were cleared. The prices for common to good congou realised from lOjd. to Is. 10di per lb., duty paid. 