The Life and life-work of Samuel Phelps. By his nephew, W. MAY PHELPS, and JonNFoRiiiis-KoBEÄT soN. London : Sampson Low, Marston, Searle, and Rivington. 1886. This biographical memoir was written by the authors in accordance with the wish of the family of the deceased actor. Necessarily there is a great mass of facts and dates, and both writers have endeavoured to illus- tra to a most important period in the history of the English stage, information respecting which should prove interesting to the lovers of the acted drama. Mr. Phelps entered the scene arena at a time of painful and almost humiliating transition, and although Macready and Charles Kean had as lofty aims and aspirations as Samuel Phelps, they were not enabled to carry them out with any lasting results, as their reign as managers was comparatively brief. Samuel Phelps was born on the 18th of February, 1864, at No. 1, St. Aubyn street, in the parish of Stoke Dammerel, in the borough of Devonport (then Plymouth Dock), in the county of Devon. When he had reached his 17th birthday, he suddenly made up his mind to come to London to see what the metropolis would offer to an aspiring youth ; having evidently then, as he acknowledged afterwards to his nephew, a strong predilection for the stage. On reaching London he underwent at first some few priva- tions, but in a short time he succeeded in getting a trial on the Globe newspaper as a reader, and noted in this capacity on the Globe, and afterwards on the Sun, for a space of five years. He also occasionally contributed to both of the above-named newspapers. Whilst in these capacities he made the acquaintance of the late Douglas Jerrold and W. E. Love (polyphonist), who were both with him on these journals, and they were all three for nearly the whole of the five years the principal members of an amateur theatrical company, which gave from one to three performances a week at a small private theatre in Eawstono-street, Islington. When he had just completed his 22nd year he was asked by a member of the Olympia Theatre, who had seen and thought well of his acting to perform for him on his benefit night. He assented, and was announced as a gentleman amateur. His success was so great that he made up his mind at once to throw up journalism and make the stage his profession. Early in 1882 he was engaged by Mr. Watkins Burroughs as leading actor for the Belfast, Preston, and Dundee theatres and then by Mr. Ryder for the Aberdeen, Perth, and Inverness circuit We pass over the time when he appeared at Covent Garden and proved such a formidable rival to Macready, much to the latter's chagrin, and come to the time when Mr. Phelps commenced his life-work, which was to continue for over 18 years. In those 18 years he put as Tom Taylor said after his death, a whole life. It was shortly after the close of his last engagement at Liverpool, in the spring of 1844, that he conceived the idea with his friend, Mrs. Warner- the mother of Henry Neil Worner-of becoming, jointly with Mr. T. L. Greenwood, lessee of the Theatre Royal, Sadler's Wells. On the 4th of November, 1846, Shakespeare's " Measure for Measure " was produced for the first time at this theatre, and Hoskins was the Lucindale character that made his reputation, in which and other eccentric parts he was without a rival as long as he stayed at the theatre, In the same year another actor, well known to Australian, as well as London playgoers-Mr. William Creswick-made his first appearance in London as Hotspur in the first part of Shakespeare's " Henry IV." He was very successful, and well spoken of by the critics, and since, throughout a long life, has maintained a good reputation. On the 15th of March, 1862, Samuel Phelps took his benefit, playing the " City Madam," and closed the season on that night, which was the last of his connection with Sadler's Wells as manager, and, as his biographers re- mark :-" He had opened its doors 18 years before without any fanfaronade, and now that his work was done, and a whole generation of men and women bettered by his labours, he closed them as quietly, for on neither occasion did he could recognition by the blare of trumpets. On giving up management he had overtures made to him from the managers of several theatres, amongst others from Fechler, who had taken the Lyceum, and he was persuaded into engaging himself to him for 12 months to act three nights a week at a ridiculously low salary. His nephew tried to combat this arrangement, but in this, as on all other previous occasions like it, he was exceedingly stubborn, giving every one credit for behaving towards him as he would have behaved toward them. He was told he would only be fooled, and fooled he certainly was, as his name was underlined for months without his being called on to act once. True, he took his salary, hut in his case this was a matter of secondary importance. In the meantime Fochter's purpose was served, and Phelps was kept from appearing as a counter-attraction at some other theatre. At last being tired of paying him for doing nothing, and hoping to get rid of him thereby, Feohter asked him to play the Ghost in " Hamlet, but this was rather too much even for his good nature, and he gave him a pretty sharp reply through his acting manager, and Fechter in consequence refused to pay him his salary unless he did what was asked. The matter was at last referred by mutual consent to the arbitration of Charles Dickens, who soon gave it in Phelps's favour, and advised Fechler to announce Othello, with Mr. Phelps as the Moor and himself as Iago j but he did not follow this advice, and the engagement was cancelled. He then accepted an engagement with Falconer and Chatterton, the then lessees of Drury Lane, and for seven years was the main prop of that establishment. On Easter Monday, 1861, the first part of Shakespeare's Henry IV. was produced, Phelps playing Falstaff and Mr. Walter Montgomery Hotspur. The latter tragedian was well and favourably known in Australia, and the news of his tragic death was received with genuine emotion by the Australian people. During the autumn of 1860 Mr. Phelps went into the provinces and played at different theatres until the spring of the following year, when a disagreement occurred between him and Mr. Chatter ton, the lessee and manager, and he left the theatre In the middle of a week in February, 1878, he caught a severe cold at rehearsal, and increased it so much at the performance, either the same or next evening, that her had a had attack of lumbago, a thing he had never suffered from before in his life. He was to appear at the Aquarium Theatre on the following Monday, which he did, although altogether unfit. He acted all that week, and five days of the next, Cardinals Richelieu and Wolsey alternately, his last part being Wolsey, on Friday, 1st March. He had told his nephew long before this that the character he should like best to play when he took his farewell of the stage was that of Cardinal Wolsey. Considering his state of health, he went through the part marvellously, until he came to the last great speech, commencing " Farewell, a long farewell to all my greatness," into which he introduced several incongruous words ; but when he reached these words- I ' "0, Cromwell, Cromwell! Had I but serv'd my God with half the sea I served my king, he would not in mine age Have left me naked to mine enemies,-" He gathered himself up with tremendous energy, as was his wont, and almost on tiptoe, for one more triumph, gave them as far as " zeal " with all his usual grandeur and pathos; hut, after muttering a word or two more, he fell on the shoulder of his secretary, and the career of our hero was closed. 