OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. JRAILTON. A monster snake was killed on Friday evening by a party of youDg men, -who; found it near the creek at the rear of the' recreation ground. It measured nearly 6ft. from head to tail, and was of great: thickness—a formidable monster for one to encounter. As the locality is a favourite one for the children of the district, who are fond of fishing, it would be well that their friends'should warn them of the danger, AS it Reems that this place is infested with these dangerous reptiles. For a long, time past it has been my duty to call attention to: the neglected state of the road (?) leading to the New Bed, which is indeed in a "state of nature," There seems now some prospect of this state of things, being .numbered with the.past, for on Saturday last the chairman of the Trust, with Mr Mathow Maloney, were busily engaged with tape and pegs in hand as.if planning out work for theroad-maker. Something.new to, report is a,.treat—of course conditionally/ that it.is:good. news. Now as teats being good.news I'll 'leave to the reader. - A report was given to, "Your Own" whilst measuring the snake' that, there had been seen during the last, few nights in the mill padjbjck an " awful apparition,",. Desperate; attempts, seem-' ingly have been made to capture-the! ghost, without effect, as, it seems "it; 'won't be cotched." • One who gave chaBej declares that so soon as he got to the. "ghost" it bursted in twain, each part' going "nooneknoweth.where.", To-night the ghost, if, it visits the mill paddock to play up its iarks, will stand a poor show, as guns and other dangerous instruments are to be brought into use. - Our cricketers have been trying theiri skill against Dunorlan, on the ground of the latter, the consequenc? being another victory for " Our Boys," which is the second this season, a good beginning. : Although' it was announced that there would not be service in the Church of England on Sunday last, yet there was,' Mr Nottage conducting it. I am asked to remind church-going people that there will not, if it can possibly be helped, be a break in the services, which have now been so firmly established, thr> intention b»ing to continue them throughout the year.. More buildings in course of election. Mr Tune bas given instructions to bis builder to forward matters as speedily as possible and construct for him a good and comfortably house next to his store. The builder in question, Mr Fuller, a new.arrival, fiom the city, of the churches (Adelaide), has also a^ cottage, for Mr Oliver, jun., and another £_>r a gentleman who has ;taken up land for the purpose opposite the " Little Wonder Store." There is also some talk of Mr H. Cooper, of Dick Low's Bridge, having erected for liim three cottages near the Ked Water Creek. The ground is, I notice, being cleared for some ohjoct; let 1 us hope it is for building purposes. If outsiders would not interfere with Railton by 0,-iposing every object suggested there is no doubt great things •would be done. The very fact that there is opposition was very forcibly demonstrated the other 1 day, when a visitor to, the place related whiit he heard'said in the train by one who seems 'to .be a power (I) in the laiiil' j' what was said I'll no,tjust.yet mention ;• but, said, the visitor, if three or four of his followers were dea$ all would be well, and as in days gone by*; Sheffield and Latrobe would be friends. 1 Nov. 51st. 