.aiG ur . I'lie t-.»llow»ng is a ci)nt.;ii'i;iMon «' \1 • Hollo way's Lector > on the above subjec, the first portion ot which we published oc Saturday, July 30:— Even a very casual observer must notice the close reUti<«uship between ;.b< conic and serious sides ot" our natures Children laugh one tiii'»uto, cry the next and then laugh again- Untutored nations do the same. It seems to he the man'< natural state. We do not so in civilize! countries We are «-due»ted to suppres these natural outbursts <>f fueling. j&iw; li-h people in particular appear to think <' infra dig to give way to their emotions. And some poor souls seem to cultivate a fixed expression of countenance, as if tbey wished to be thought above those vulgar sentiments They litre in solitude, abut np in melancholy bouses which none may enter to cheer or comfort. Our comic writers are not of these They are truf to nature. At one time Uhey make us laurfbj tbe next, they unfold some tender scene. See Tom Hood, xbe prince of punsters, writing " One more Unfortu nate, Sadly Importunate," and that other one tbe " Song of tbe Shirt," by which be called, the attention of the world to the miseries of those toilers who could tint speak for themselves, and of whom indeed society did not know even tbe existence. Dickens, too, ;after the boia terous mirth of Pickwick, writes the touching story of tbe deatb of Little Nell Washington Irving, too, while smothering with ridicule tbe pomposity of tbe old Dutch Governors of New York, finds time to give us the pathetic tale of " Tbe Little Old Mao in Black," in which be gives oar unchristian intolerance a scath ing rebuke. THE LITTLE MAN IN BLACK. (W. Irving). The object of this solicitude was a little black-looking man, of a foreign aspect, who took possession of an old building, 'which having long had the reputation of being haunted, was in a state of ruinous desolation ; and an object of fear to alt believers ir ghosts.. He usually wore a high sugar-loaf hat with a narrow brim, and a little black cloak, which, short as he was, scarcely reached below his knees. The good people of the vicinity beheld something prodigiously singular in all this, a profound mystery seemed to han^c about the stranger, which, with all their sagacity, they could not penetrate; and, in the excess of worldly charity, they pronounced it a sure sign " that he was no better than he should be." A confi dential conferenoe was bold on Sunday morning after sermon, and the most pre vailing opinion seemed to be that he was a witch—a race of beings abounding at that time in those parts; and a sagacious old matron from Connecticut proposed to ascertain the faot by sousing him into a kettle of hot water. Suspicion, when once afloat, goes with wind and tid»% and soon became certainty. The object ot these direful suspicions remained for some time totally ignorant of the wonderful quandary he had occasioned ; but he was soon doomed to feel its effects. An indi vidual who is once so unfortunate as to incur the odium of a village, is in a great measure outlawed and proscribed, and becomes a mark for injury and insult; particularly if he has not tha power or the disposition to leeriminate. The little man in black experienced the truth of this ; every mischievous urchin returning from school had full liberty to break his windows; and this was considered a mod daring exploit. The only living creature that seemed to have any care or affection for this deserted being was an old dog, the companion of his lonely mansion and his solitary wanderings—the sharer of his scanty meals, and, sorry I am to say it, the sharer of his persecutions. The dog, like his master, was peaceable and inoffen sive : never known to bark at a horse, to growl at a traveller, or to quarrel with (he dogs of the neighbourhood. Though pelted and jeered by the brfts of the village, and frequently abused by their parents, the 3ittle man in black never turned to rebuke tfoem ; and his faithful dog, when wanton ly assaulted, looked up wistfully in his master's face, and there learned a lesson of patience and forbearance. One stormy winter night, when a bleak north-east wind moaned around the cottages, and bowled around the village steeple, my grandfather was . returning from club pre ceded by a servant with a lantern. J ust as he arrived opposite the desolate abode of the little man in black, he was arrested by the piteous bowling of a dog, which, heard in the pauses of the storm, was exquisitively mournful; and be fancied now and then, that he caught the low and broken groans of some one in distress, B.0 stopped for some minutes, hesitating between the benevolence of his heart and a sensation of genuine delicacy, which, in spite of his eccentricity, be fully possessed —and which forbade' him to pry into the eoneerna of his neighbours. At length the old gentleman's philanthopy pre dominated ; he approached the hovel, and pushing open the door—for poverty lias no occasion for locks and keys—beheld by the light of the lantern, a scene that smote bis generous heart to the core. On a miserable bed, with pallid and emaciated visage and jiollow eyes; in a room destitute of every convenience; without , fire to warm or friend to console him, lay this helpless monal who bad been so long jtbe: terror and wonder of the Tillage. His dog'was couched on the acanty"'coverlet, and shivering with cold. My grandfather stepped softly and hesitatingly to the ibedside, and accosted the foreiorn anfferer ,in bis usual nccenta.jof kindness. The little man in black eeemed recalled by the tones of compassion from the lethargy into which be bad fallen ; for, though bis heart was almost frozen, there was yet one chord that answered to the call of the good old man .whp bentnyer.him—the tones of sympathy, Wfcevet~to "bis ear, called back hi* sraodering senses, and acted like a restorative to bis. solitary feelings. His tale of misery, was short, and quickly told—infirmities bad stolen upon him, heightened by the rigours of the season ; be bad taken to bis bed without strength to rise and ask for assistance. " And if I liad,*" said be, in a tone of bitter despondency. " to whom should I have applied? I hare no friend that I knowof'ibthe-world !— the villagers avoid me as something loath some and dangerous; and .here in tbe midst of christians, should; ! ;ha*e j.embed. ..bad . flot the UowliogB of iny faithful dog excited yonr atteotion.'' A little 1 wartn" nourishment' renovated him for a short time; /but-n<rflongj it was evident his pil^iftge® wi(r drawing to a close, and—he o»aS; a^MMffcVenteriajf Ibat peaceful asylum where " the wicked eeasa from troubling." Goldsmith .who wrotesomeof tbe most racy cowiedies in our language Such as *' She Stoops to Conqoor" and " The good natured Man,'' wrote also ' that , very interesting ;£tt)*y ^Ttfe^cii* field ." I should think no one coirtdread it without being touched to the heart"with the simple trmtjfel *«oo0neSsand> piety of the vicar amid Job-like trials. In -the following lines he admirably describes a _good if not a TRW DESERTED VILLAGE.. (Goubbhisk.} ItesT yonder copso wheie once the g&rdGn.; 6xhfl6flf Remote from (jcjflj/ iAfcc,'' " " Nor:e'er'had changVLjagrjs^hJdjB-change bis place; TTnekilfal be to fawn, or seek for power, Bj doctrines {acbion'd to the varying hour; Far other bSbob Ju^heart , .V - , * thaiZtorr 31ore bent to raiaAha wretcSed ntTi° -*TT° \ He chid -tbeS wandetings, bat relieved their pain. I'll-.* ij-"j Bi^ud hritC, now no longer proud, C mmM ^iriiired there, and had h'8 claims alio wed, riin inken soldier, kindly bade to stay. -$&< by 'in' fire and tails'd the uitiht away; Wept o'er his wounds, or tales of sorrow done, 4houlder*d hiB cratch, and showed how fields wore won. Pleased with his guests, the good man learned to glow. And quite forgot their viceB in their woe; Careles* their merits, or their faults to scan, Hi." pity gave ere charity be>an. Thus to relieve the -wretched was his pride, Viid e'en his failings lean'd to virtue's side: But in his duty prompt at every call lie watch'd and wept, he prayM and felt for all; And, as a bird each fond endearment tries, Tn tempt its new flede'd offspring -to the skies. He tried each art, reprov'd each dnll delay, Allur'd to brighter worlds.and led the way. Beside the bed where parting life was laid. And sorrow, guilt, and pain, ijy turns dismayed. The iev*rend champion stood^ At his control, Despair and anguish fled the. straggling sonl; Comfort came down the trembling wretch to raise, And his last falt'ring aocentB whispered praise. At church, with meek and unaffected grace, His looks adorn'd the venerable place; Trnth from his lips prevailed with donble sway. And fools who came to scoff, remain'd to pray, The service past, aronnd the pious man, With ready zeal each honest rustic ran: E'en children followed with endearing wile, And plucked his gown, to share the good man's smile. - ■ His ready smile a parent's warmth express'd, Their welfare nleased him, and their cares dis tressed; To them bis heart his lore, griefs were given, Bat all his eerious thonffhts had rest in heaven. As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form, Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm, Though round its breast the roiling clouds are spread. Eternal sunshine settles on its head. We cannot remain longer on this phase of our subject. We hasten to another. There are many opinions as well as manners and customs- among us which we know are out of place* or at any rate ought not to be indulged in. Many of these are of such a character that it is of no use fighting them witbbooka of sober and staid argument. Tbese are so big and. cumbrous, and few people would reedthem* For instance, we ail know it is very fool ish for rival editors to be always waging fierce disdainful warfare upon each other ; but wbat would be the use of elaborate argument to prove it ? And if proved, who would read it p Here comes in one of the chief uses of comic literature. Such subjects as are not of the range of serious argument can be so depicted as to be recog nised as absurd, and peais of laughter confirm the sentence. Dickens describes in Pickwick the quarrel between tbe EatandswiU Gazette and Independent. Immediately the whole thing becomes ridiculous. Other failings have been equally well treated by other authors. When mailed chivalry becomes meaning* less, then the comicalities of Don Quixote save it its death blow, it never rallied, but the Dou is immortal. The stupid notion that persons of high degree are more tender, fragile, and ethereal than other folk has been well exposed in tbe charming tale by Hans Christian Ander son " How a young lady was proved to be a princess." A pea was placed upon a bedBtead ; then oyer it 12 mattrasses ; upon tbem 12 /eatber beds. On the top of this vast pile the young lady slept. In the morning she complained of some bard round thing which had sadty bruised ber delicate limbs. Tbe people knew by that that she was really a princess. The bust ling precincts of trade are sometimes in vaded by the comic element witb manifest advantage. When the Railway mania was at a fever heat in England Professor Aytown produced his humorous descrip tion of the Glenmutchkin railroad. The tfreat South Sea bubble was first blown by the couiic prospectuses of companies for turning lead into silver, importing jackasses from Spain, extracting sunbeams from cucumbers. It is not too much to say «hat the recent craze for Astheticism in England was laughed down, not by the (bonders of ftuskin, but the comic opera of " Patience." Many public abuses have also been demolished by comic literature. One of the most notorious was the very had treatment of sailors on board men of war years ago. These were well exposed by Marryatt. Bat few would have read much about it had he written drv argu ment against it. •* Mitlshipman" Easy," however. u Peter Simple''and the " King's Own"' everybody read, and while thev laughed they learned, and after that came action. Another ease, the Canadian fish eries 60 or 70 .years ago were mainly in tbe bands of the Yankees, the Home Go vernment being more inclined to give in to the Yankees than to protect the 'Cana dians, and so their fisheries declined. The people lost heart. Just then, *• Sam Slick" arose, and amid side splitting nar ratives of the blue noses and Yanks managed to educate the English upon the fisheries question. He sold his books as Sam sold his clocks. People laughed and learned and acted, -and now the Canadians are able to take rare of themselves, and their fisheries have helped to make them wealthy. Our newest comic literature is mainly on a class of subjects which we may call "social." There certainly has1 j beena flood .of this sort, almost approaching a deluge ; and bearing in mind the greater mental strain we now live under, perhaps tbe advent of this literature is in obedi ence to the law of supply and demand. In ; a" probability there is a greater need now than formerly for mental recreation. For ' it is true with the mind as with the body, j all work end no play will never do. Authors of books of this sort usually take up some pleasant deception which we cherish, or perhaps describe scenes in dif ferent language to that usually adopted, j or else deduce allowable but opposite con- * elusions to those we have habitually ac customed ourselves. When Lord Dun dreary quoted the old proverb " The early bird catches the worm,'' he remarked, " What a fool tbe worm was, be ought to haye stopped in bed a little later." Charles Lamb proposed to atone for coming late by going away early. Artemus Ward describing the traitor's gate in tbe Tower of London remarks that it is about wide enough to admit twenty traitors abreast. It is a pleasant delusion with many advan cing in years that tbey would like to be young again and would like once more to be merry schoolboys, &c.; This is well treated in the following by Dr Holmes:— r THEOLD MAN DREAMS. (0. W. Holmes) . Oh. for. one hour of jontblul joy! Give back 3D? twentieth spring! I'd rather laugh a* bright-haired boy Than reign a grey-beared king ! Off with the wrinkled spoils of age 1 .^Away with learning's crown ! """Teaf'oat life's wisdom-written page, ... And dash its trophies down ! Onejppment let my Ufe-blood stream From* Boyhood's fount of flame, Give me one giddy, reeling dream Of life all Jove and fame 1 aSy listening angel beard the prayer, \- And Cairo ly »miling, aaid, • II I but touch thy silvered hair, 'Tbybaaty'Wieh^hathsp^d. ./'But'ls there inotbing in_thy track To bid thee fondiy stay, . J' "Wliiie the' s^fffc aeasbiiB hurry "back , ■ To find the wished for day ?" —■All. truest soul of wpmankind! WitnOQfb thee-, •wiiat werfe life ? \- Oi>e bliss I caPBpt leave behind ; £ I'll take—my—-previous—wife! —The'angel'took k sapphire pep Jz vAnd wrote in rainbow dew, ft The man would be a boy again, .Andbe a husband too!" And is ihere nothing yet unsaid v' 'Before the #b»gge appears? Itamember, ail ,the(r gifts have fled With those ftissolvingyesrs! Wby, jee; for memory would recall ,-,My fond paternal joys ^ . I could notbear'to leaye them alls • ril t^e-^-py—girl—and—boys ! The smiling-angei dropped hit pen,— " Why this will never do ; The man .irguld be a boy .again,, AritTiie'& father'too ■ And so j. laughed, —my laughter woke ~ The-hottsehold with it* noise,— And wrote my dream when morning broke, i-R i'lS-f .. - 