LIKE AND UNLIKE. By M. R BEADD02J, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyl- lard's Weird,' &c;, &c;, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All Tights reserved.] Chaptek XXL — Mrs. Possonby's Cltimatch. — (Continued. ) She ran gaily upstairs, Mr. Beaching following, ashamed to confess that his less agile legs would have preferred the lift. She opened ths door with her latchkey, and pounced upon the page, who was. discovered in the lobby reading the won derful adventures of 'Sixteen String Jack,' reclining in a luxurious bamboo chair, with his heels on the card table. ' Get up, yon horrid little monkey,' cried his mistress, indignantly. ' Has '2fo, ma'am, There ain't no basket ccme, but there was a young lady brought this,' and the boy snatched up a brass salver, took a letter out of his pocket, put it on the salver, and handed it with all due ceremony. ' A letter, exclaimed Lee, angrily, as she tore open the envelope. ' What can tfee woman, mean by writing V Mrs. PoEsonby's meaning was clear enough. With profound respsct she reminded Mtb. Baddeley that her account had been running for a long titue, and that she had not received a cheque from her honored customer for over a twelvemonth. The costumes were finished, and ready for delivery : but on referring to her ledger ehe had dbcovered that Mrs. Baddeley was much deeper in debt than she had supposed, and she must therefore regret fully decline to send the costumes unless ju-iB. i-auueiey lavoreu iier wica ac lease, a hundred pounds on acconnt. Leo read the letter as she passed Into her drawing ? room, followed by Mr. Beeching, who felt that the atmosphere was tempestuous. ' Yon are too good to ask me to stay,' he muttered, ' but I have just remem ' bered a most particular appointment at the Junior Carlton.' He was going, but she stopped him with her hand on his coat sleeve. ' You are not such a poltroon as to run away because I'm in trouble, are you, Beeching ?' she asked contemptuously. She called him Beeching or Joe indif ferently, with a familiarity with seemed half scornful, but which he liked, never theless, in Ms dull way. 'I'll stop if you like,' he said. ' What's the row?' He had seen her in trouble before to-day, and had been ordered to help her, and the result had been duly recorded in his bank-book. He could see the figures on the clean white page now, as he stood there, helpless and half reluctant. Nothing had come of that former chivalry on his part, nothing except that he was called Joe or Beeching, and was occa sionally bitten by Tory, the poodle. Tory was under a sofa now, repre sented by a pair of fiery eyes gleaming in the darkness. Tory had taken it into his over-educated head to deteBt Mr. Beech ing.' ' What's the row ?' he asked again, as Leo pored over the letter. ' The row is that £ shall be ruined, humiliated, disgraced, unless I can pro duce a hundred pounds in the next hour cr two. Does the creature think I keep hundred pound notes under my pillow ?' 'I don't suppose she cares where you keep 'em as long as she gets 'em,' replied Beeching, broodingly, bending down to poke his whip- handle at Tory under the sofa, and receiving a growl and a glare from that celebrity for bis pains. ' You'll have to pacify her somehow, I suppose,' he went on, still intent upon Tory. ' If you can't give her money you must give her money's worth. You've got your diamonds.' He seated himself on the carpet at this juncture, to be nearer Tory, who waa waxing furious. ' Of course I have my diamonds, and I must wear them to-night, Everybody knows about them ? ' 'Well, not all about them,' muttered Beeching, under his breath. ' Everybody knows I have them, and will expect me to wear them. What nice things would be said of me if I didn't wear . them. My diamonds, Indeed ! I am to take my diamonds to Mrs. Pon sonby. Upon my word, Beeching, I thank ycu for the generous suggestion.' ' Yah !' cried Beeching, sharply ; hot at this stab, but at a very tangible bite from the aggravated poodle. 'Luncheon is on the table. Are you going to sit there teasing Tory all the afternoon, or are yon coming- into lunch with me?' asked Mrs. Baddeley, suddenly changing the conversation. Mr. Beeching got up,. and followed her to the dining-room, looking ths very image of sheepisTmeBB. It was only on the other side of an oriental curtain, the quaintest, snuggest little room,, fenced off ? frcm all rough winds that? blow by- carved eandalwood screens and dbatea of tall palms. On the small round table, atfinng ' quaint old silver and Irothonsse flowers, tfrere ajjpearetTa dainty TatTeTuncBeon off ealtnon- outiets, *- Juckling, mtar-aU ac eompanimeBfc.fei perfection, «*i * bbttfc of ieedchsmpagne, delicately wrapped iQ' va embroidered A'oyfey. The glass was Venetian, ti* plates aad dishes were Wedge wood. Mr. Beeching eat his luncheon, and fed Tory, and while the salmon and chickling were being' discussed there waa not another word spoken about Mrs. Pon eonby, orihat hundred pounds which had to be found for her ; only Mr. Beeching observed that hie hostess, although she minister. -i delicately to his wants, eat hardly anything herself, and pushed away her plate with a heartbroken air which made him feel very uncomfortable. ' Don't mind me,' she said, when she caught him looking at her. ' The difiv culty must be faced somehow. As you say, I have my diamonds. I may have to humiliate iny&elf; so far as to offer that odious woman one of my bracelets as a security for her debt ' ThiB was a concession to the stringency of Fate, and Mr. Beecbing felt that the lady was becoming more reasonable. 'Was Peg Woffington the sort of person who would wear diamonds?' he asked presently. 'She was a famous actress, and she was very beautiful. I leave you to judge.' ' Yee, I suppose she would have dia monds. They always do. But- are there not stage jewels that you could hire i' 'Stage jewels ! J wsar stage jewels J when every chorus girl in London wears diamonds of the first water. I wonder that you don't know me better.' She leant across the table to fill his glass for him.. She had filled, it so often with that friendly, almost motherly air, that he had finished the bottle unawares, not knowing that his hostess had only taken a spoonful. He began to be more sympathetic than he had been before luncheon, and to be really concerned about her dilemma. A hundred pounds. Such a sum was a mere bagatelle to a man who counted hia thousands by the hundred, and felt a little uncomfortable when he began upon a freah hundred thousand, justaa humble poverty does when it changeB a sovereign. A hundred pounds more or less could not make any difference to him, and yet he did not like lending that beggarly sum to Mrs Baddeley, intenseley as he admired her. He had lent her a good many hun dreds before, sometimes for Mrs. Pon sonby, sometimes for the Oriental warehouse, sometimes for the livery stable. She had not paid him, and he bad not expected or even wished to be paid, but he had expected that she would De grateful. He expected to be favored exclusively as one who had helped her in the hour of need ; and he had not been so favored. She had allowed him to haunt her drawing-room, and to go about with her as a kind of unofficial purse-bearer, j paying for carriages,, and opera boxes, and picnic luncheons, and gloves, and frivoli ties of all kinds, and scarcely getting thanked for his pains. He waa so in ordinately rich that such outlays were nob supposed to count for anything. That which hit him hardest was the idea that St. Auetell was preferred to him ; j that adore as faithfully as he might, Lord St. Austell had but to smile that all-con- I querlng smile of his and Joe Beeching's devotion was forgotten. ! ' ' I believe that all I am good for in your life is to play propriety when you go : about with St. Austell,' he said savagely, one day. j 'My dearest Beeching, how can you i talk so wildly. Do yon suppose I am in ! love — I, Leonora Baddeley — with Lord St, Au&telL; Do you forget that I have* a j dear, good, honest- minded husband toiling for me in India ?' 'I think some of us forget him ocoa- ! sionaily,' growled Beeching. ' And now to-day, ruminating on that question of the cheque, to write or not to write, Mr. Beeching thought also of Lord St. AustelL He had seen that gentle man wavering In his allegiance to the elder ei&ter;, had seen him transfer his devotion to the younger sister, and he told himself that as a rival St. Austell waa out of the field. He felt more kindly disposed after the duckling and champagne, which were both excellent after their kind. He trjned with some olives and helped him self to a glass of claret, a wine he had himself chosen for Mrs. Baddeley — and paid for. She took all such contri butions in the lightest way, as a flower abeorbs dew, taking no heed of. the giver, never oppressed by the burden of obliga tion. He looked askant at her as he sipped his wine. How handsome she was, and how well she looked in her habit, and there were tears in. her eyes, yes, absolutely tears. She was not crying about her gowns, but- It was the sense of humiliation which crushed her. 'Don't be unhappy,' he said; 'I'll go and see this woman, and see what can be done. Bo you owe her mush ?' 'I am afraid I do owe her a good deal.' ' Tell me the worst. Give me her last account.' ' You'll be chocked, I'm afraid,' said Leo, taking a paper out of her davenport. ' ' Her prices are extortionate, and I have been so unlucky at all the races this year. Last year I paid her a heap of money after Ascot, and another heap — well, over a hundred each time — after Doncaster.' 'I'D see what I can do, said Beech ing, making a wry face as he looked at the total. It was juet under nine hundred pounds. Chapter XXII. — Mr. Beeching'.s Ultimatum. Mr. Beeching took a hansom and drove to a street off Cavendish -square, a street well known to all the best-dressed women in London. As he drove along he debated what he should do for Mrs. Baddeley. He was so inherently a man of business — albeit he had never soiled his fingers with the grime of a city office — that it irked him to fling a hundred pounds into this harpy's maw, as a sop is flung to Cerberus. It would please him better to make some kind of bargain with the harpy, even if the transaction should cost him more than a hundred pounds. He wanted to get eome advantage for his money. He sent Ins card to Mrs. Ponsonby, and was at once admitted into the very sanctuary of the house near Cavendish equare— the lady's private room, Btudy, office, or boudoir, whichever she might prefer to call it ; and here he was re ceived with gracious smiles by Mrs. Pon sonby herself. She needed no explanation of his errand, for she had seen him in atten dance upon the handsome Mrs. Baddeley at race meetings and other places of public resort, whither Mrs. Ponsonby went occa sionally to see how the world was using her customers. It was there that she made up her mind about all her doubtful patronesses aB to how far they might be worthy of her confidence. That which she eaw at Hurlicgham or at Sandown served as the chart by which she steered in dangerous seas. In the dressmaker's estimation of Mrs. Baddeley — whose account was a bagatelle compared with other accounts — Mr. Beeching was an im poriantfactor. He had never crossed her threshold until to- day, and^he f elfpleased with herself for having written the letter tbat had brought him there. ', She was not so pleased, however, after; a quarter of an hour's conversation witih Mr. Beeching. . , - : , Of money on account he would not give her a sixpence. If she were pre pared to settle her acconnt on equitable * terms, say S3 per cent., he would give her his cheque and take Mrs. Baddeley a receipt in full of all demands; If she were not disposed to accept this offer she ' mu&t;'liook to, Mrs. Baddeley alone for her money.. ' He ?' would' have nothing to :db ' with it. He knew what dressmakers' bJHs were, and the usurious profit* they' exacted. He was assured that 33 per cent. wpnKTpa^ldr pJTtBj&jrtw; iad sap ]9Bed,iaaxd leave di margin Qf profit. £&- aiqr rale -ifiat Mim-'ma' tdtfmatanc Mrtf. BWifolfey £ad girai Mih Binary powers. As for the gowns-** 4Mb- evening; Mrs. j Baddeley could do very »e& without j them. J&WAffby;^her setfojg, aot by her I costume ehe was to pieaw her audience, j It^asaiotto be supposed that he *as;to ' be frightened into paying as exorbitant account, Mrsi Ponsonby held out for a long time. She was- notinthe habit of compromising an account. She was in no immediate want of money. She meant to have her due. Mrs. Baddeley would be obliged to pay her. 'My good soul, it is all very well to talk,' replied Mr. Beeching, who was niore at his ease in a business inter view than in society ; ' but can you get blood out of a stone? Can you get nine hundred pounds out of an officer's wife — a lady whose husband is being roasted alive at Candahar or somewhere, in order to keep body and soul together. You have made your mistake in trusting a lady in Mrs. Baddeley's sad position-, and you ought to think yourself uncommonly-lucky if you get a clear third of yonr account, without law expenses or bother of any kind.' ''Mrs. Baddeley may not have 'money, but she has friends,' argued the dress maker doggedly. ' No doubt she has friends— hosts of friends — but I take it I am the only one among 'em who would pay six and eight pence in the. pound to get her out of a difficulty. One thing I can assure you, Mrs. Ponsonby, I won't pay seven shillings. I have made my final offer.' He had bis cheque-book in the breast pocket of his summer overcoat, the end showing distinctly against the eilk lining. He touched the book lightly aa he spoke, and that touch decided Mrs. Ponsonby. She had felt some uneasiness about Mrs. Baddeley's account, and It was some thing to get the cost price of her materials with the credit of having dressed a lady who was known and admired in a par ticular set, and who had brought Mrs. Ponsonby a good deal of custom. ' 1 should be sorry to disoblige a lady for whom I have a great liking,' she said, with a patronising air ; ' and rather than do that I will accept your cheque ' ' And give me a receipt in fall of all demands V 'Yes, so far as the account you have there. The gowns that are to be de livered this atternoon are not in that ac count.' ' What are they to cost ?' Mra. Ponsonby looked at a document I on her davenport. j ' Seventy-seven pounds eighteen ahil i lings and ninepence.' j ' I'll add thirty-five to your cheque, j and you can cross Mrs. Baddeley out of | your books altogether.' ' What ! I am to take a third of my account and to lose my customer ?' ' Not at all, She says there is no one in London but you who can make her a gown. She will go on dealing with you I have no doubt; bat if she takes my | advice Bhe will always pay ready money, | and always know what she is going to pay j when she gives the order. You'll both. | of you find the system ever so much plea I ssnter.' 1 ' Not if my prices are to be cut down in this way,' replied Mrs. Ponsonby. I There was a further discussion, but Mr. ; Beeching's logic and his cheque-book pra \ vailed. He wrote his cheque, got the | two receipted accounts, saw the milliner's : basket deposited on the top of a cab, with a young woman in charge of it, and then | drove back to WilMe Mansions. He | passed the four-wheeler and the big basket before he reached the park. I Mrs. Baddeley was in her drawing ! room, pale, anxious, but lovely, in a j JapaneEe tea-gown, lime-blossom green, under a cloud of coffee- colored lace. 'Dearest Beeching, have you got me my gowns?' she gasped, with clasped' hands, as he stood just within the door way. Tory, always eager to distinguish him self, rushed at the half- open door and banged it, and then came back to hi3 mistress on his hind legs, to ask for hia accustomed reward of biscuit or sugar,. but I^eo was too agitated to think of Tory. 'Your gowns will be here in ten minutes, I passed them on the* road, Could you think I^would allow you to be unhappy for the sake of a paltry hundred V said Beeching tenderly. ' Oh, Leonora, how little you know me.' This was a plunge. He had never called her Leonora before. Tory gave a short indignant bark, either at Mr. Beeching's familiarity or at bis mistress's neglect. ' I have done something more than yon asked,' continued Beeching, still more tenderly. ' I have got you out of debt. Yon don't owe Mrs. Ponsonby a shilling. There is the old acconnt, and there Is the account for your new gowns, both re ceipted.' 'You darling! How can I ever be grateful enough ? How can I ever repay you ?' ' You might repay me easily, if you tried, -Leonora, Show me a little of that favor which you lavish so freely upon your sister's lover. Give me some of those smiles you give to St. Auetell. Let me be something more to you than a stop-gap and a convenience. Leo, you know that I adore yon.' He drew nearer to her, regardless of Tory, whoee yellow eyes were shining ominously. -{ You won't refuse me a kiss, Leo ?' ' One ! Half a dozen fa! you like.' He sprang to clasp her waist, to press those exquisite lips, and was met by a cold black muzzle, which touched him for an instant, and was withdrawn just as it widened into a grswl preliminary to a snap. Mrs. Baddeley had snatched up Tory. He was to her as Medusa's head was to Minerva, and almost as invincible. ' My dear Beeching, 1 hope your kind ness in helping me out of a difficulty does not make yon forget that I have a hus band in India,' she said, with dignity, and Beeching stood before her crestfallen and angry, but unable to reply. He began to understand that he was to write cheques whenever they were ur gently wanted, but that he was to get no thing bat afternoon tea and Tory's atten tions for his money. ** You are very cruel,' he said sulkily. 'Good day.' ' You'll come to see the play, dear Beeching.' she said, aa he was departing. 'I'll be ? ifldo!' ' Oh. I hope you won't be that ; but I know you'll come to see Peg Woffington. Be met the milliner's basket and the young woman jost emerging from the lift. He had none of that generous glow which is said to follow the doing of a good, action. He felt angry and savage at being foiled. ' The .next time she's In a difficulty she may whistle for me,' he said to himself ; but when 8 o'clock came he could no more keep away from the Victorian HalL than a moth .can keep away from a candle. It was so-near hiB chambers in the Albany. He had not even to order his brougham. He just clipped on Ms overeoat, took one from a_haK a dozen guinea tickets on hia cbimneyj)iece, and walked to the? place of entertainment. Carriages, were setting, down, at'.tfre. entrance. . Lady Belfield, ] Helen,.an.d,Sir Adrian were going in just i in front oil himi amongst a,fashionable crowd/ , HIb stall, was next: but one to | Helen's, ,' and St. Austell occupied the , Eeafbjetlfegn.tnein.,' ' ':HpwU»'dd that we aho.uld.be side.by fiide,^* 'Baii his lordship loud enough .for Lady Bfffipll to heat V j Hieleh anaue no answer. She, was not yetL mistress of those ^arts of hypoeJEbjv j which, enable .a woman to. jdule .fcam Sir- J tation to 0ir(iatiaOpjai^t^a)Dk1njb|gn«u to intrl^e^mtk a^fcold' fwiot,*ni «k. lofty crest ^Sie had not nftsaed the border ' 2W-ti-rgu3V and.y«t1ier head was bent By the burden of conscious ahame. That *ght uTQDfi.of the neadj and1 languid penarve^air enhanced her beauty in an age wnen- brazen mirtbfulneas La the com monest attribute of woman. She had a fragile look,, like a tall white Ely, bent almost to breaking. Some of her friends said she looked consumptive, and would not last many seasons. She knew that St. AuBtell had taken infinite trouble to get that stall next hers. He had been with her at tea time to find out the number of her seat had been with her, they two alone, in the Japanese drawing-room — with, not even Tory to make a diversion from perilous sentimentality — and then had driven off to the hall in a hansom to get his own number exchanged ; and now he expected her to act surprise. 'Masks and Faces' was listened to with politeness and appropriate applause by people who remembered Fanny Stir ling in the heyday of her charms as Peg Woffington ; by people who could, hardly ; dissociate the character from Mra. Ban croft, and by other people who had seen Mrs. Bernard Beere. As for Mrs. Bad deley, her diamonds and her gowns were lovely. Her acting was easy and refined,, and utterly undramatic ; but she was above the, level of her fellow- performers, and was supposed by them and herself to be taking the town by storm. Applause is given so freely to amateurs, Eince approval, means nothing and compromises nobody. People who have been coaxed into baying guinea stalls for an old familiar play must at least pretend to enjoy themselves, and 'the audience was fashionable, and could console itself with the idea that it was the right thing to be there. Lady Belfield and her daughter-in-law parted in the vestibule. Helen was going on to a party in Regent-terrace with her sister. She had to go to Mrs. Baddeley's dressing-room and wait there while that lady changed her dress, which would ba rather a long business no doubt. St. Austell offered to take her to her sister's room, but Adrian gave her his arm as if by a superior right, 'If you'll take care of my mother, I'll be back in a few minutes,' he said to St. Austel), as he walked off with Helen. It was the first time she had touched his arm since they were affianced lovers, and her fingers trembled faintly as they rested on his sleeve. She had so many causes for agitation that night. St. Austell's pursuit, unobtrusive, bat fatal ; her fear of her husband's return, which might occur at any moment ; and now her dread of this grave earnest brotherin law, whom she had wronged in the past, and whom Bhe shrank from in the present as from one who had an occult power to read her heart. 'You are looking pale and tired, Helen,' said Adrian, as they went along a passage leading to the back of the hall. ' Must you really go to a party to-night ?' ' I am due at 2. There is Lidy Glan dore's musical evening, which I would not miss for worlds, and a dance afterwards — a late dance — which means coffee and carriages at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning.' ' I believe you are killing yourself with this kind of life.' ' Oh, but it is only a spurt ; it lasts so short a time. ' A rose's brief bright life of joy,' as somebody has said.' ' ? And you go from party to party — from. crowd to crowd — alone 2' 1 ' What do you. mean by alone ? I am under my elder sister's wing, always.' 'I don't think that wing is quite enough to shelter you, Helen. I don't like to think of you about in society with out your husband.' ' I should see very little of society if I waited for Valentine to take me about. Do you know that I should have gone out of my mind a few months ago — gone melan choly mad — if Leo had not come to my rescue ?' 'That is very sad, Helen. I mast talk to my brother ? ' 'Don't! It would only make bad blood between us. It is all over with us as a devoted couple; it was all over directly after our honeymoon. I waa bo fond of him, and I thought we were going to be so happy together — not commonplace married people, leading commonplace semi-attached lives, but wedded lovers. I very soon found out my mistake.' ' But you have only been married two years. You cannot be tired of each other yet. Valentine is too much accustomed to have hia own way, and to seek his own amusement, but I have no doubt he loves you as fondly as ever.' ' You have not seen us together, or you would know better.' ?'I cannot believe that there is any change in hia feelings,' persisted Adrian ; ' but I think the kind of life you are lead ing is calculated to estrange him. The knowledge that you are going about in society without him will make him more and more careless of his home, more Intent upon Mb own pleasures.' They were at Mrs. Baddeley's door by this time. 'Good night,' said Helen, offering Adrian her hand. He pressed it gently, with a brother's kindly grasp. ' We may meet again, perhaps, before morning. I eaw Glandore at the Junior Carlton, and he asked me to look In at her ladyship's party and hear PattL' ' Au revoir, then,' said Helen, with an undefinable feeling that Adrian's presence would spoil her evening. He had told her that he did nob approve of her butterfly life ; and she could not shake off the idea that he could read her thoughts and knew the downward road on which she was travelling. Chapter XXIII. — Ok the Tekbace. It took Mrs. Baddeley a considerable thne to transform herself from Peg Wof fington to a lady of the period. The con cert was over in Regent-terrace when the eisters arrived. Patti had sung and de parted, and a stream of smart people were flowing out of the lofty hall on their way to dances ; but the pleasantest feature of Lady Glandore's parties was the lamplit terrace, where her ladyship's guests sauntered up and down, or sat about in friendly groups among groves of palms and pyramids of flowers, and listened to a band stationed at the end of the ter race. Whatever band was best and most fashionable waa to be heard at Lady Glandore's ; and the change from the brilliant rooms and operatic music, the crowd, and the dazzle of the house, to this cool region of palms and flowers and lampions clustering among the greenery, and Japanese umbrella canopies, and little tables provided with strawberries and cream, and talk, and flirtation, and iced drinks, and stirring national melodieB, was a change that delighted everybody. And there, across the shadowy Park, in sombre solemn grandeur, showed the dense bulk of Abbey and Senate House ; the place where the dead, who seem so great, are lying; and the. place where the. living, who seem so small, are trying to talk themselves into fame and immortality. There were many people in: London who preferred Lady Glandore's. terrace to the«marteat dance of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp light and shadow, strolling up and. down, or leaning on the balustrade dreamily : contemplative of that dark bulk of towers arid roofs, touched here and there with points of viyid.light. Mrs. Baddeley waa neither dreamy nor. contemplative, and the only ideas the Abbey or the Senate House awakened in her. mind were. that, death in any form, even *hen glorified in marble, was an in evitable nuisance, and that -politics were, perhaps . a atoll greater, bore. She was of the earth earthy, and always, made the.' most of the.pxesent moment. She speedily took possession of one of. the strawberry- , aad- cream tables,, and. had a cluster of. admirers about -her, wibm- she sent on ^riandB totbe.aupper.'Kaom. . !. 'I am. going to frighten you, all by ' eating a moat prodigious supper,,' she i cried. ?' Remember, I have been acting comedy and tragedy, laughing and crying, and lovin∧ suffering, for three, hoars, and have had nothing but one poor little . split and a teaspoonf til of brandy. I am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, is that yoa, Beeching V she cried, as a dark figare and an expanse of shirt front rose op in the shadow of a neighboring palm, like ths ghost in the 'Corslcan Brothers.' '1 did not think I should see you here to night. How did you like my Peg i' She was lifting a champagne tumbler to her rosy lips as she spoke, and Beeching thought she was alluding to some particu lar order of drink. ? ' How did you like the play — and — my gowns ?' she said impatiently, ' I Boppose it waa all very fine, but I ain't much of a judge of anything but a burlesque. ' ' Oh, but I hope I made you cry,' said Mrs. Badderley, attacking a platefal of delicacies, which a practical admirer had collected for her ; foiegras, chicken, lobster salad, all on the same plate. ' It saves so much time,' he said ; 'and you don't seem to be eating so much,' to which Leo laughingly agreed. 'When I hare finished my sapper I mean to wallow in strawberries and cream for the rest of the evening,' she said, with frank vulgarity ; 'and you will all have to amuse me. I am mach too exhausted to do any talking myself.' ' Then I'm afraid you must be at i death's door,' retorted Beeching. ' Good gracious !' cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking about her. 'Have yoa dropped anything ?' cried a chorus of admirers. ' ' Your fan — your handkerchief ?' ' No, It's my Bister. I'm chaperoning her, don't you know, poor yoang thing, and I haven't seen her Bince we left the cloakroom.' ' Oh, ehe quite safe,' said Beaching, in his slow sullen voice. 'I saw her at the other end of the terrace — the dark end — looking at the view — with St. Austell.' 'I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently,' said Mrs. Baddeley, pushing away her plate with a sigh of satisfaction ; ' and now, you dear good colonel, you may go and get me some cream, and things, whatever looks nicest. You are such a good caterer. St. Austell id a dear fellow, but it's unlucky he has made himself such a bad reputation.' 'I don't think he took much trouble about it,' answered Beeching. ' I fancy it came naturally. ' 'Such a pity,' sighed Leo. 'He is so handsome — and distinguished — and clever — so altogether nice' — as if the Ia3t word expreBBed supreme merit — 'and yet people will talk about him, and it's almost dangerous for a young married woman to be civil to him.' 'You are not afraid, tho',' said Mr. Mountnessing, a man about town, who i was very devoted to Mrs. Baddeley, but , who had never imperilled his peace of mind or depleted his purse for any woman living. ** You are uncommonly civil to him.' ' Oh, I don't count. I am a Bohemian of the Bohemians. I make no distinc tions. I know so thoroughly wall how to take care of myself,' said Leo, devouring an iced eonffle. 'Upon my word I believe you do,' said Mr; Beeching, to which the chorus agreed. ' But my sister is younger than I am, and knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after,' said Leo, at tacking a pineapple cream. ' Not nearly bo good as the souffle, colonel ; you should have brought me more of the souffle.' 'And Mrs; Belfield has not the advan tage of a husband in India,' said Colonel Cotterell. ' No, indeed, poor thing !' agreed Lao. 'A neglectful husband at home is not nearly so great a protection for a wife as a dear kind fellow in India, toiling for one under a tropical sun.' ' So touching !' said the colonel. (To be continued. ) 