THE TRIAL AT JUDD'S FLAT; In Foub Chapters .—Chapter I falii the year round.) Some ten years ago a rush that attracted a considerable amount of attention took place In the far north of Queensland, and resulted in a temporary mining camp which took to itself the name of 1 Jndd's Flat. Judd, as may be imagined, was tne original prospector, who, boding out this spot of promise, had established himself temporarily there in conjunction with one human companion, four horses, and one dog. a couple of rifles, paok and riding saddles, some cooking uteoBiis and mining implements, a store of tobacco a <d matohes, and a small cargo of supplies. He and his. 'mate' had tested ths plaoe with some apparent success, for, their supplies running short, they left the major part of their belongings at the scene of their labours, ana returned to tbe nearest township laden with alluvial gold for a further supply of the necessaries of life ; in this case, flour, tea, sugar, and potted meats, termed technically bully.' But both Mr. Judd and his partner laboured under the popular colonial failing of being somewhat addicted to whiskey and rum, and, in oonsequsnoe of this genial weak- lies?, in a moment of temporary forgetfulpess disclosed tbe position of their El Dorado, and indulged in vivid portrayals of its rich ness. It was this which led to further action being taken ia the matter, and which resulted finally in the minirg settlement of Judd's Fiat. The eamp itself was situated in the extreme north-east of Queens and It was a rough and even picturesque spot. Lofty mountains, scrub. covered for the most part, denEe, and almost impenetrable, stretched away on all sides. Far aw&y; to the horizon, north, south, east, and west, were lifted up the dull- green heads of the hills in seemingly endlese chains, the only changs in £he landscape being a break in the prevailing colour, and a gleam of weather-stained grey and brown where the sterile rook, devoid of all vegeta tion, cropped np and exposed its naked ruggedness in grotesque and fantastic relief. It was a scene of almost savage magnificence savage in its solitude, in its dead intensity, in its magnitude of detail, in its solemnity of brooding silence. The long line of tentE, gleaming white in tbe river flat far below, the clash and clamour of labour, seemed almost a desecration 10 these majestic surroundings. All life, activity, aad movement seemed out cf place in this stronghold and temple of Nature. The everlasting bills, which had been but two short months awakened from their prlmssval sleep of solitude, were little-fitting adjuncts to the puny labours, the inseot toil and stregglings of humanity, going on under their mighty shadows. And yet the desecrat ing hand of man had dared to enoroaoh even on these silent witnesses of Nature's grandeur; for, winding up the flat, in an easterly direction, oould be peroeived the faintly- marked trail that led to the nearest settlement — a mere bridle-track through the sorub, formed by the plodding feet of horses and mules, and intensified by a conspicuous line of blazed trees, growing fainter and fainter in the distance. The track, winding down from, the last scrub oovered hill, narrowed into a rooky gully as it reaohed the Eat, and was almost brought to an abrupt termination by two immense blocks of rook that projected precipitously from the sides of the ravine, and seemed to meet. But a sadden dip in the track avoided the impediment, and, the overhanging rocks once passed, the camp cams into view. The eamp itself was of the roughest and most primitive desorigftion. AU the buildings were of canvas, some one hundred and fifty to two hundred in number, erected without the slightest vestige of order or design, crowding round any spot where a neighbour, ing tree offered some slight shade, and scattered sparsely over the more open ground. Every tenth or twelfth tent boasted a flaming announcement to the effect that the best spirits oould be obtained within, and was furthermore embellished, for tbe most part, with a flaunting titl?, such as El Dorado Saloon,' 'The Digger's Own,' Nugget hotel,' and sq on, according to the taste of the proprietor. In Judd's Fiat parlance, these adjuncts to enjoyment, not to say inebriation, were known under the comprehensive name of ' poison mills,' and the particular decootions they dispeseed under the humorous titles of ' Queensland Lay-me-oat,' '.Sadden Death,' "Arthquake,' and other trifling appellatives of a like nature. Three or (cur tents of more pretentions size than the ordinary, and with conspicuous signboards outside, bearing the legends Store,' 'Public Store,' 'General Store,' weie ibe emporia that provided mining humanity at Judd's Flat with the necessaries of existence. Painted in the rudest characters, all over these homes of enterprise, were numerous announce merits for the benefit of unenlightened miners, such as ' Beet price given for gold,' 'Old Abe bays dust and nuggets at full weight — scales inside,' ' The Trne Bine Store has tbe Best lot of Goods in the Camp,' Bally round Honest Bob, tbe- Miner's Friend,' and so on. Goods, storesr and necessaries of all kinds were a terrible price In thB oamp. In conse quence of the mountainous country to be traversed from the nearest place where supplies could be obtained, communication by waggon, dray, or vehiole of any kind was Impossible, all carriage having to be done by means of paok-borses and mules. This, combined with the long stages that had to be done without grass or water, consequent on the barrenness of the country, the natural obstacles of the road itself, and tbe diffi ulty of obtaining carriers and horseflesh sufficient, canted all stores to reign at famine prices at JuddVFUt. A further reason, likewise, was the hostility of tbe blacks, that made it unsafe to travel exoept in companies of three or foor, and the continual risk the earners ran cf having their animals speared, and pirhapa losing their own lives. But despite ftH drawhaoks, Judd's Flat front abead and isereased. Freeh hone and sinew arrived at the oamp almost daUy. Gold was plentiful, and of good quality. Assayed in Brisbane it realised font pounds two shillings and sixpence an ounce, the highest price reaohed in the colonies ; tnoogn in" the camp it feldtsS much less at the hands of the rapacious bar and store keepers. Chapter II. One evening some three or four months after the oamp was first formed, an unusual outburst of excitement disturbed the pre vailing monotony of this delectable retreat. The days's work was finished, and Judd's Flat was given over to merry-making and enjoyment — chiefly musical and bibulous. Bat suddenly the drinking saloons . pouted -forth masses of grimy miners ; half- naked figures emerged ghost-like from surrounding tents ; eat-like Chinamen flocked from hidden retreats ; and Jn a few moments a noisy, surging crowd had collected in the half -light outside a large tent which bore in front the legend, 'Nugget hotel.' That something unusual bad ooonrred could easily be seen, nnfl something quite out of the ordinary level of Judd's Flat experience, as evidenced by the uproar and excitement. Oaths, noisy demands for information and cat-calls testified to the interest the miners derived from the unusual disturbance ; but gradually the agitation settled down in a measure as particulars of the .cause of the exeitement passed from mouth to mouth, and in a short time there was but one word on men's lips as they gathered together in animated discussion — murder. By some horrible mieobanee of fate a woman, a fortnight previously, had found her way to Judd's Flat. The less said of ber and her aotions perhaps tbe better. She was one of those uafortuna es whose home is on the outskirts of civilisation, whose sum of existence Is one unenviable record of vice and immorality. Jndd's Flat had acknowledged her unexpected presence first in a spirit of derisive cariosity, then with the consciousness of unique pos session, and a lenient disregard for frailty and wrong-doing. Bat now all that re mained to it of its sole representative of womanhood was a bloody mass of disfigured humanity, stretched oat in death on the floor of the drinking saloon. Tbe snrging crowd, of which the van had been forced through the open doorway of the tent right into the compartment — room it could hardly be called — in whioh the body lay, thus brought face to face with the horrible cause of the excitement, disposed isself, after gratifying a first spirit of morbid cariosity, to etormy dissuasion and inquiry. But before it had time to centre its energies on the matter, a. diversion was afforded by the appearance on the scene of the proprietor of the drinking-booth — a short, thick-set man, with a broken nose and a hare lip — who, bursting out hurriedly from the booth, addressed the crowd with great vehemence. ' I take yon all to witness, boy6,' he cried, ' that this thing's happened unbeknown to me. It was Hoppy Dave as did it. There's Alligator Joe and Greasy Stewart been inside all the time playing cat throat enchre with a Ghinee, and they'll tell yar the same. Look here, boys, I'm ready to swear it ages Hoppy Dave. He was with her all the evening ; they got drhnk together. I'll swear it agsn him ia any eonrt in the oauntry.' In anticipation of this resolve, he therefore lost no time, but solemnly called upon heaven and earth, together with the' ssveral limbs and members of his body, in aflirma tion of the truth of the accusation. This tirade completed to his satisfaction, he turned to one of the miners standing near and said : Have they sent for the police magistrate, Soapy ?' The worthy so addressed nodded in reply, and said : 'He ought to be here by now. There's someone gone for him.' Perhaps one of the. most noticeable features of Judd's Flat social life was the peculiar aptness of nickname that charac terised eaoh member of tbe community. Every fresh arrival at the oamp, as soon as the taste and discrimination of the residents oould unanimously decide on a fit and proper nickname, obtain d one ; and this thence forth totally replaced his more lawful patronymic. A good deal of choice humour was evinced in the selection of some of these appellatives; in fact, this sort of nomen clature was quite brought down to a science by the ruling humorists of Judd's Flat. Ia the case of the worthy who had responded to the question of the host of the Nugget .hotel,' the name Soapy ' had a certain significance. Wneu the owner of it had first mads his appearance in the camp, he had excited hilarity, and even euepieion, amongst the miners, by evincing an unusual and astounding predilection for the daily use of soap and water. This was a coarse of action bo extraordinary, and so diametrically opposed to all the canons of oustom and habit, that at the offset even derision was sileuoed for a time, and profound amazement, tempered with suspioion and distrust, alone greeted the unwonted proceedings. But no immediate disastrous results ensuing, Judd's Fiat recovered itself, and, in a fit of retributive pleasantry, dabbed the innovator \ by the uame o! 1 Bar-of-iSosp, which subsequently, being found too osmbrous fcr daily use, was changed to the more familiar Soapy.' In evidence of the truth of the statement advanced by this worthy, a stir in the crowd and a general ory of ' here comes the doctor' announced the approaeb of the local representative of the might and majesty of the law. As he pushed his way from tbe dark shadows outside into the flickering half- light that the one sickly lantern hanging I outside the booth afforded, his appearanoe was remarkable and striking in the extreme. He was a man of herculean statnre, topping I the orowd by folly a head, massive and 1 ponderous of build, a very type of physioal strength and vigour. A long flowering beard bid the lower part of his face; but tbe piercing eye, the straight lines of the nose, indeed tbe whole expression of bis tanned features, spoke of a character fall of determination and energy. His dress was ' not very different from that of tbe members ' of the crowd aroond. exoeptintihe distinction of cleanliness. A pair of belted moleskin bie-ches eoolosed his lower person, while a blue-striped Crimea shirt, thrown earelsssly open in front, and disclosing the j! OfapOwfeMW and chest, completed his 00TOaVs the matter here speak?' exclaimed this individual, pUBbing his way hastily through the crowd. , It'r Swearin' Sal been murdered, doctor, answered Soapy. 'She's lying inside.' Murdered !' Ay ; so they say.' , , Come, clear out of the road, some of you, ejaculated the other. -Let me gel to tne woman. Where's Dan Gribblet . . .. The proprietor of the' drinking stepped forward at the summons. « Here I am. Is that you Dr. Hamilton 7 Oome on, then ; Bhe's Iyin' inside. I want to take you to witness that the thing's happened unbeknown to me. You re t e police magistrate, and I want to sweat agen Hoppy Dave. It was him as did it. Gome inside, doctor ; oome inside, boys ; there ain t anything secret about it. I'm goin to swear a infOrmination about Hoppy Dave to the doctor ;' and he emphasised his statement with the usual aooompaniment of profanity. 'Shut up,' growled the dcofcor roughly. You have too much lip altogether. -Auu you,' he continued, addressing the orowd more roughiy still, 'you'd better keep outside, and not interfere. And shut np your row, too.' With that he disappeared inside the booth, accompanied by the proprietor, who still persevered In noisy protestations of his innocence of the affair and accusations against Hoppy Dave. The crowd outside, silenced in a measure by the all powerful doctor's words, waited impatiently for results. Evidently the first aetion of the police magistrate was to elear the room of intruders, for those 'who had forced their way inside oame surging out and joined those outside. The crowd, thus augmented, proceeded to discuss the particulars of the murder, from conflicting points of view, with muoh argument and animadversion. Soon, however, Dr. Hamil ton made his appearance from inside, and a general silence ensued. ' Does anyone know anything of this affair?' he asked eurtly. ' I do,' responded a voice from the orowd. Who's I?' ' Alligator Joe,' answered the voice, ' and there's Greasy Stewart and Thitnblerig Billy, and Ah Kong. We was all there.' ' All right,' interrupted the doctor, ' I shall want yon to come with me. Does anyone know where Hoppy Dave is ?' 'He's lying drank ia Oorrigan's shanty,' responded another voice, in tones of disgust. He's all right there for to-night ; he won't move till morning.1 Are you sure he's all right for to-night V ' Ay ; he won't move, not a inch, yon can take my word for that,' respondei the same voice. ' Well, we'll leave him for to-night. Look here, boys, this is a case of murder. It's the first time anything of the kind has occurred here, and we've got to see it thronffb. This woman's been ranrdered. and it seems that that scoundrel Hoppy Dave has done it, I'm going to have a trial to morrow, and if it's brought home to him he'll get the rope for it. Any of yon that know anything about it had b iter tarn ap here st ten o'clock to- morrow, and we'll sheet it home to the scoundrel. Don't make any row about it, bnt keep your eyes on the cross-eyed brute, and see that he doesn't elear out of the camp, No v, break op, boys, and clear out of this, and mind what I've said. We'll make the sooandrel swing for this. Joe, yon get Greasy Stewart and the others and come to my tent;' and without more words Dr. Hamilton broke through the orowd aud disappeared. Public excitement was rife, more or less, all that evening. The popular ineentives to enjoyment that generally were in vegne after nightfall were, on this occasion, almost entirely abandoned. The cheery strains of cracked fiddles, wheezy accordions, and an reliable concertinas, that asually resounded throughout the oamp, were damb daring the whole of that evening. Jadd's Flat foand enough amusement in profane dis cussion of the crime ; in speculation as to its probable result, aod minus® of its details. Toe numerous drinking-booths did a roaring trade, especially the tiro ?hie'a contained the murderer and all that remained of the victim of the crime. Miners labouring under an overpowering sense of morbid cariosity alternated feverishly between the Nugget hotel, where lay a motionless heap oovered with a dirty blanket, and Corrigan's booth, where, huddled np In a state of insensible intoxication, reposed a depraved lump of humanity, which, when sober, answered to the name of Hoppy Dave. (to bk concludkd is oub nest) During the past year splendid service in saving life was rendered by the crews of the lifeboats of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, resulting in the rescue cf 601 persons from imminent peril. In addition to this invaluable service in saving life, as | many as thirfcy-tbree vessels were saved by ! the lifeboats frem total destruction or were I helped by them into a haven of safety. The lifeboats also put to sea as many a? 147 times in reply to signals of distress, only to find either that their aid was not really required or that the signals had been made in error or improperly. In the year just past, the society also gave rewards tor the saving of 160 lives by means of shore boats. fishing boats, and other means ; so that the institution was instrumental in rescuing a total of 761 lives during 1886, brioging up the number of lives it has saved einoe its foundation to 32,671. The committee earnestly appeal for funds to enable them to plaoe lifeboats with the latest improve ments on the coast, to maintain in thorough efficiency their 293 stations, and to reward thtir crews. The institution is entirely dependent on voluntary contributions, and a very heavy expenditure is neoessarily In- vol vied in carrying on its great work. 