Here and There. BY "JAPONICA." The concert at St. Marys in aid of the Protestant Hall Building Fund was not a beautiful success, following as it did upon the Amy Johns Company's entertainments. The object was lost sight of, and the matter of entertainment compelled no interest. This is much to be deplored in so far as the Hall is concerned, but is not to be wondered at. We are done to death with entertainments, besides after seeing James Beacroft perform a la Mongolian, every thing else falls flat. It is a strange mind that fancies it possesses qualities which nature never intended it to have, it hugs the delusion and is happy, but at what fearful cost in the end. A mere laughing stock to the careless, and of melancholy pity to friends and relations. " Oh for a friend, or more than friend sincere, To make me know myself and make me fear ; Oh for a touch too gentle to be kind, To wake to life the mind within the mind," To be told one's faults is not very pleasant, but it is much more beneficial than flattery. Some folks think it very smart if they can run someone into something ridiculous, but to rob a man of his senses is twenty times worse than robbing him of his money. What are you going to poison yourself with, is an Americanism for what will you take to drink. The answer to such a question can now be very pro perly given in the words—colonial beer. For, according to Mr. Hamlet — and Hamlet is a good old name — the Government Analyst, colonial beer is rank poison, and as most men drink this delightful beverage, the consequence is the majority of men are being nicely poisoned. It seems there are con siderable proportions of common salt and fusel oil in the beer, the first is to create a thirst in the stomach of those who consume it, and the second puts the staggers upon the consumers, Fusel oil is not an added adulteration, but creates itself in the high temperature of fermentation. This exonerates the brewers, but does not in any way improve the beer. If they cannot brew beer without fusel oil it would be a blessing if they ceased brewing it altogether, otherwise the most sensible thing Australians could do is to discontinue the use of it as soon as possible. No wonder the poor fellows who drink much of it get brain-muddled and tangle- footed. Someone re marked that Frenchmen drank, wine, Germans, lager ; Englishmen, gin ; Scotchman; whiskey ; and Australians any durned stuff they can lay their hands upon. They who touch none of it are surely the best off. Only I was locked up in an iron safe when self denial was served out, I would set the example right away. Oh! pleasure thou art indeed a pleasant thing, And yet we must be damned for you no doubt ; I make a resolution every spring, For reformation ere the year runs out, I am much perplexed and equally ashamed, But mean next year to be quite reclaimed. \- BYRON,(slightly got at). "Were you ever at Luddenham dear reader, well you need not trouble to go, it is not in any way essential to your happiness to go there, unless perhaps you are fearfully distressed in mind, body, or estate. If you are so distressed, then take a trip to Luddenham from Kingswood in a light vehicle, then you will be so tumbled up und shaken that all other troubles will be quite forgotten. You will be tilted, now to this side, then to that, and frequently you bob up and down like a Jack-in-the-box, with the chances of being thrown out into a rut three feet deep—I won't abate one single inch of this statement, be cause I measured these ruts, measured them with my most reliable dark bay eyes. When you get past Claremont, the now notorious spot where ghosts assume the shape of elephants, &c.;, &c.;, the roads improve wonderful and it is easily seen just where the everlasting wood traffic ends. Luddenham is the home of box ridges and steep-roofed shingled cottages. The Anglican and Wesleyan Churches with the Protestant Hall, stand side by side and look quite sociable like. The eastern end of the Church of England is hesitating whether or not it will tumble down this year or not. If some one should crack a whip or sneeze loud near it the chances are it would tumble down at once. So don't make a noise. When I have a more convenient, season I will further describe this locality. 