phantasms of the Living. By Edmund Gurney, M.A., Freuekick W. H. Mveks," M.A., and Frank Pod more, M.A. Messrs. Trubner and Co., Ludgate Hill, E.C., London. 1886. A large part of the material used in this book was sent to the authors as representatives of the society for psychical research, and the book is published with the sanction of the council of that society. The subject of this book is one which a brief title is hardly sufficient to explain. Under the heading of "phantasms of the Living," the book deals with all classes of cases where there is reason to suppose that the mind of one human being has affected the mind of another, without speech uttered, or word written, or sign made-has affected it, that is to say by other means than through the recognised channels of sense. To such transmissions of thoughts or feelings, the authors have given the name of telepathy and the records of an experimental proof of the reality of telepathy forms the large portion of the present work. They have also included amongst other phenomena a vast class of cases, which seem at first sight to involve something widely different from a mere transference of thought In two volumes containing close upon 1500 closely printed pages, it is difficult to adequately sift the mass of evidence brought together. Issued under the regis of the Psychical Society, the work of Mr. Myers and his associates deserves in some points, almost unqualified praise. In the introduction, in which Mr. Myers attempts, not without considerable success, to prove the relationship of the infant science of Telepathy, with the elder sciences of Biology and Physiology and trace its lineage from accepted historical and religious sources, as well as in the body of the work, care is taken to avoid putting forward especially such theories, or suggestions, as would clash with the established creeds, or interfere with legitimate susceptibilities. Indeed the authors have wisely declined in most instances to advance any explanatory theories, which, considering the strong feeling on questions pertaining to matters bordering on the supernatural generally evoke, was perhaps the most diplomatic way of obtaining a patient and appreciative hearing for their facts. Of course some theory, though not advanced in a propagandist spirit, must nevertheless underlie the evidence produced, There are few valuable discoveries in any branch of the natural sciences which have not been the fruits of studies pursued by the erudite few who have evolved a theory of their own, and which has given them the necessary vim and impulse to efficient work. Whether such theory was correct or erroneous had little influence on the new information gained, and, often the beneficial result was obtained of clearing the ground for a true explanation of an event by the collapse of the very theory that prompted the research. And, in the present instance, the theory of telepathy, or thought transference, is the silken thread which leads us consistently through the collection of extraordinary incidents narrated in " Phantasms of the Living," and is the point to which so much heterogeneous evidence converges. Shakespeare suggested that there were more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy and this being granted, much praise is due to the present authors for having undertaken a careful, conscientious, and comprehensive investigation of peculiar phenomena coming under their notice. If they have not produced an explanation which will satisfy the scientist, they have at least accomplished a complete classification of that phenomenon. Mr. Myers also suggests in his explanatory note that telepathy is the very cause of the various dreams, apparitions, and hallucinations which he describes. and discusses. There are a large class of people who, without yielding to the fictional fascination, the ordinary ghost story, have a strong belief in the action of unseen, unconditioned agencies and there is a still larger class who, without crediting either one or the other, still realise that such agencies might exist it in the future the Psychical I Society could prove that the forces we do not understand and the facts we are unable to explain, they will have accomplished much towards founding a science and initiating a study which will help to clear away the infinite number of things " not understandable of the people." That the present work does not prove this it is needless to say, in face of the authors' declared intention to desist from forming conclusions, except such as the natural logic of their accumulated evidence should of itself suggest But the merit of having first treated a very prominent question of social thought in a scientific way, of having applied the crucial test of personal investigation to all reported cases, and of having stated the opposing suggestions of belief and disbelief with a most discriminating fairness, will undoubtedly belong to the present writers. We can also recommend the book highly, apart from its claims on scientific consideration, as very readable, both in style and composition while the illustrations of the various phenomena under discussion are of an interest quite distinct from all psychical interpretations. A note on witchcraft, included in the first volume, is particularly worthy of notice, as giving a final blow to any belief that might still linger in our matter of fact times as to even apparently marvellous occurrences having taken place under the old traditional conditions. In fact, if Messrs. Gurney, Myers, and Podmore have done little to solve existing mysteries, they have done good work in sweeping away many only half-dead superstitions. Whether they themselves will, later, lay before the world the critical result of their investigations, or whether it will be for other workers in the same field to resolve their data into a systematised theory, or whether telepathy will share the same fate as previous speculative explanations of the great unknown, remains to be proved, 