? THEATRE ROYAL. " The Shadows cf a Great Citff." RICHARD, Duke of Gloucester, has no reason to regret the fact that lie perished at the Battle of Bosworth. Before his death he is reported to have exclaimed : — " Shadows to-night have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than could the substance of ten thousand men, armed and in proof." But the shadows that affrighted him would have been welcome spectres compared to the " Shadows of a Great City '*" with which Mr. J. C. Williamson, actuated no doubt by the black bile of personal malignity, has struck terror to the souls of the Royal play-goers. Ihe " shadows" h^vn been " revised," and this revision appears to have had the effect of rendering them gloomier and more depressing than before. The most sanguine of managers could scarcely expect such "shadows" to make the "ghost " walk, and it is consoling to know that it is intended after to-morrow night to exclaim, " Shadows avaunt!" In Act I. we are informed by the neat little "call" circulated in the theatre that "the shadows begin to fall." So do the faces of the audience when they find themselves in a pawnshop conducted on anything but business principals. Here comes George Benson (Mr. P. Beck) to consult Nathan (Mr. Anson) and plot all kinds of villainy with the street door wide open and with a New York hoodlum in the shape of Jim Farren (Mr. Williamson) listening behind the counter. Here, too, is introduced a variegated assortment of shadows, such as a woman wanting to pawn a keepsake, an excited Irishwoman dragging in an unresisting policeman, as if she expected to raise a loan by pawning his " shadow," the placing of a lot of stolen diamonds in the bundle of an innocent sailor, his arrest for robbery and sucli like clumsy " shadows" as could only be cast from a brain from which the light of reason had fled, for it is a case reminding one of the lines in the "Mikado"— See the gloomy shadows fall Over one and over all, Sing a merry mad rig all. In Act II. "the shadows are lifting"—so says the programme. It can hardly be said that their upward tendency communicates itself to the spirits of the audience, which remain at zero in the shade. Shadow-lifting, like shop-lifting, appears to be a criminal art and consists in bribing gaol officials, breaking prison, chloroforming children, kidnapping and attempted murder Nathan walks about the prison of Blackwell's Island as if he owned the place, purchases the connivance of all the warders, hands a set of burglar's instruments to Jim Farren and generally behaves in a manner that leads us to belifcve that the so-called prison is a lunatic asylum in which a set of first-class imbeciles have undertaken the duties of warders Jim Farren goes through stone walls as easily and much more rapidly than a mouse would go through a cheese, and having decided to commit child murder, very thoughtfully takes a witness, Tom Cooper (Mr. Titheradge) to observe and prevent the crime. This Tom effects in the manner adopted by Dion Boucicault in "The Colleen Bawn," Jim throws a large doll into the water. Tom takes a header after the doll and brings up little Maggie Sinnott. The lime-light is turned full upon Titheradge's exhausted features, and as its cold effulgent glare is supposed to have satisfactorily lifted the shadows, the act drop falls and shuts out the light of Tith's upturned eyes from the faces of the audience, upon which gloomy amazement appears to have permanently settled. In Act III. " the shadows are gathering again." Fifteen years—presumably of sunshine—have passed, but so far as Miss Maggie Moore, Mr. Williamson and Mr. Titheradge are concerned, time writes no wrinkle upon their azure brows They are just as young as they were fifteen years before. M r. Beck and Captain De Burgh are a little more consistent, and by the assumption of grey hair, give us the one sole sign of probability that gleams out of the shadows of this wild farrago of improbable rubbish. The doll that was thrown into the water has grown into a young woman, Helen Staudish (Miss Isabel Morris), This heroine has a cold in her head, no doubt the result of the immersion in the water which, as a doll, she received fifteen years before. The heroine loves Tob Cooper better thad addytvod id the world, ad when Jib Farred dedoudces Tob as ad escaped codvic't, she deterbids to devote all her buddey ad all her edergies to clearig the good daib of the bad she loves. Whed Dellie Stadish says this Tob stretches out his badacled liads in grateful affection to her, Bageie Boore looks edraptched, Billiabsod staggered, Phil Beck docked all of a heap, Captid De Burgh digdified ad Isabel Borris hero : c. Thed the curtid cubs down and allows a very brief idterval for Biss Borris to get a basid of gruel, rub her dose with a tallow caddie, or adopt other codvedshuddle rebedies for a cold id the head. This thickening of tiie shadows necessitates two acts, and we are brought to the fifth act, in which we are informed that "the shadows are dispersed." Here v/e find ourselves in a fashionable New York mansion, and the author, to show that his play was not written in the Ark, introduces a telephone, a messenger-bell, and a vault with a fire-proof door. The average sanity of the nineteenth century cannot with impunity follow the delirium tremens of authorship and imagination which built this fifth act. The " shadows " of the play, and the reason of the audience, are alike dispersed by housebreaking, villainy, glittering revolvers, deadly pokers, burials, alive in the fire-proof vault, projected incendiarism, escapes from prison, and a general disposition on the part of Phil Beck to demolish the whole of the Royal Company, and leave a complete cast to be filled in by our Mr. Musgrove, who is now in Loudon engaging talent. Eventually the blood-thirsty Philip is run to earth, and in the union of the heroine with her wrog'd darlig, the bad she loves, the shadows are dispersed. But the mercury in the thermometer has, low ere this, fallen with such a dull thud that even the dispersing of the shadows cannot warm- it into rising cheerfulness, and as the audience sadly aud sorrowfully come away they carry upon their faces some of the shadows of the great city, and they look like the melancholy student in " The Raven — And their souls from out those "shadows' that lie floating on the floor, Shall be lifted never more. The one bright spot is Miss Maggie Moore's acting as Biddy Rowan. Without her " The Shadows of a Great City" would be simply intolerable. Even with her bright infectious humour the dreariness of the piece, the improbability of the plot, the unvarying of the dialogue and the ghastly efforts of the performers to infuse some vitality into the most contemptible weak drama of this or any other age, are so marked as to be absolutely painful. The playgoers may indeed exclaim, "The curse never fell upon our nation until now !" 