SPECTRE AT THE FEAST. (Sro oppose page.) \- at the royal feast . e supped the country's king, Th;; Monarch Working-man, U'ho bosseth everything. The laden tables groaned Peueath the load of cheer, i„d sparkling gleamed the regal eyes A 3 lustre born of beer. Pill hfcli the foaming pewter-pot," "yas thus the monarch spoke ; ,viiil«t clinking pint and husky cheer The •shinihnring echoes woke. HI UP an<i drink ' a sm'ill day's work, Forwhirh a bi,j day's pay -' A proan for conquered capital, For Labour an 'Ooray ! &1!plover« have to bow the knee, Awl'bciHi to stubborn fate, j^init \VorKi)ie-niaii has made him yield To mystic- S-S—8. TW vill I Eit upon my throne 4utl driiii; this royal toast, curess unto King WorKing-man— " Long may 1,e rule the roasfc -" He turns tn .«eat him on liis stool Kre lie ah:-orbs his ale, M ivliat sees he that through his dirt 'flis royal face shows pale ? Wiy fades the smile upon his lip Into a sickly grin? # fl'liv falls upon his grimy chest His drooping, nerveless chin ? fthy shake his homy hands and knees With ahject coward fear ? Why do his eyes no longer gleam With lustre born of beer ? Why glare his orbs upon the stool With fixed and frightened stare ? What ghastly spectre chills his blood, And keeps him from his chair. "Kay, never shake thy gory lock— Tli)' pigtail long at me !" Tw- asthus the king unto the ghost Made his apostrophe. _ i'fhv almond eyes scorch in my brain, Thy skin is sickly tan— Wliy'sittest thou upon my throne, Usurping Chinaman ?" The yellow spectre, with a laugh That sounded like a croak Winked, satyr-like, his almond eyes, And thus in answer spoke— "The Wuckee-man is gonee bung, His kingdom blushed away ; His final knell of power is lung, His liont of blass has feet of clay. "'Tislitten in the Book of Fate," Went 011 the spectre grim, "Wliobossee all his fellow man, One day some one boss him. ID me behold the Nemesee You cannot dlive away, The nightmare of your dleams at eve, „ • Your shadow glim by day." Ikmonarch shook to hear the words Tat froze his heart with fear, Bit took the sunlight from his day, Ik froth from off his beer. Must all his glory shrink to this ? Bad he his crown put on To bow the knee of vassalage Unto the Yellow John ? It vain King Working-man attempts To exorcise that ghost, Loot where he can that Chinaman He sees usurp his post. The pendulum will have its swing Now, as in former ages, And union-rates will some day bring John—and starvation wages. 