Hems or seius. The Crimes Bile. — A cablegram received this morning announces tbat owing to the opposition manifested by the Unionist Liberals to toe clause in the Irish Crimes Bill providing for the trial of Irishmen in England, Mr. Balfour moved in the House of Commons on Thursday night that the clause' be excised. The motion was agreed to by the House. With a view to precipita ting the fate of the Bill, Mr. W. H- Smith was to move yesterday that the Committee of toe House report upon it on next Friday, toe I7to inst., and that clauses and amend ments not then dealt with will be put with out further debate. Her Majesty in State. — The press and toe public of Great Britain were not slow to criticise the decision that toe proces sion of Her Majesty the Queen and the Royal party to Westminister Abbey on Jnbilee Day would only be in semi-State. Nor have these criticisms been disregarded. A Renter's telegram received this morning states it is now announced that toe progress of toe Qoeen on tbe occasion will be virtually a State procession. Her Majesty will not wear toe Crown, but she will don toe in signia of her various Orders for toe great oc casion. The Royal party will be conveyed in open carriages. The Crisis in South Australia. — The Governor of South Australia has asked Mr.Flayford to undertake the formation of a new Ministry, and that gentleman has accepted toe commission. In toe Assembly on Thursday he said that he expected to meet the House and announce the names of his colleagues on Tuesday, when he would ask for an adjournment. Late last night we received a telegram stating the formation of the Ministry is completed, the distribution of portfolios being as follows : — Premier and Treasurer, toe Hon. T. Playford ; Chief Secretary, toe Hon. J. G. Ramsay ; Minister of Public Works, toe Hon. A. Catt ; Com missioner of Public Lands, Mr. dentin Coles; Attorney-General. Mr. C. C. Kingston ; and Minister of Education, Mr. J. C. F. Johnston. Tbe new Government will be sworn In to-day. A Dangerous Turn. — -There is no more abrupt or dangerous torn than that on the Penshnrst road near Mr. S. Kean's resi dence, and being on a somewhat steep hill, toe danger is by no means lessened. On Wednesday night, as Mr. Steel and Mr. Fogg were driving home from Penshnrst, the former, who held toe reins, in seeking to give the corner a wide berth, ran over a heap of metal on toe opposite side of toe road, and was violently thrown ont of toe trap. Fortunately he landed on his hands, and thus saved his head and neck. On examination it was found he had broken a small bone in his right wrist, sprained bis left wrist, and got some skin scraped off his face. Had he been driving at any pace and not been cautious, it is very doubtful if he would have lived to tell the tale. The horses, it may be added, were quickly brought to a standstill, and no injuries be yond those stated were sustained. Draughts. — The committee recently appointed at a pnblic meeting to make arrangements for a visit to Hamilton by Mr. Wyllie, toe " herd laddie," met last evening at toe Mechanics' Institute. A letter was received from Mr. Wyllie, stating that he was willing to accept toe terms offered and visit Hamilton ou toe 2Sth in&t.;, remaining for two days. The committee therefore arranged for exhibitions of Mr. WyUie's skill, on the evenings of the 26to and 29 th inst. The " herd laddie" will be asked to meet the best players of the district, a large master of " draughtsmen" on both occasions being assured. The Sketches. — The Australasian Sketches devotes one of its pages to portraits of some of toe most prominent participators in tbe Windsor railway accident enquiry, from toe mild, innocent-looking boy Black- burne to the venerable barrister and former judge, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley. The Chinese Commissioners are also pourtrayed, and for a collection of ghost-like counten ances commend us to this picture. Some sketches at the levee will amuse, and one wonld like to know what Dr. Cameron Lees has done that be should be made to figure on the same page. The portrait of the reverend gentleman is said to be a good one, bat it looks strangely ont of place where it is. In addition to the above there are scenes from the Adelaide Exhibition, views in South Australia, New Zealand, etc., the whole assisting to make an interesting number. The Victorian Jubilee Address. — On Thursday last the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker of the Assembly, several members of the Ministry, and shout fifty members of both Houses of Parliament, waited upon His Excellency the Governor, and asked bim to transmit to Her Majesty toe Queen toe loyal address agreed to on the opening day of toe session. His Excellency said in reply : — " It will afford me great pleasure to transmit for presenta tion your loyal address of congratulation to the Qoeen on the occasion of toe completion of the fiftieth year of her reign. It affords to me -personally toe greatest satisfaction to be the medium of communicating . to onr Gracious Sovereign these expressions of loyalty and attachmentfrom her Parliament of Victoria, which, X feel sore, reflect the unanimous sentiments of toe people cf this great and prosperous colony," Mors Jubilee Munificence. — The following letter, written by Professor Kernot to toe Council of the Melbourne University, folly explains itself, and does honor to its writer : — " The University of Melbourne, Jane 6, 1887. To the Chancellor University of Melbourne. Sir, — Recognising toe various ways in which I have been indebted to toe University, and remembering toe valuable aid X received many years ago from the exhibitions and scholarships awarded to students, X have long had it in my mind to mark my sense of the -obligation by found ing prizes for the purpose of assisting others as I have myself been assisted. Tbe present Jubilee season appears a specially fitting time for carrying out my injeutiWsi' audi therefore request yon to inform toe council that I shall be happy to hand over to the treasurer of the University, atany time that may be convenient to bim, toe earn of 162000, the Interest hmr which i desire to be em ployed for toe purpose of awarding scholar-, ships at toe . third honour examination in, natural philosophy andin chemistry. I would sqggest':>that the two -echolanihipe be ef equal value, and be awarded annually, but i ao not wish to make this arrangement im- perative ehoulditappear at anytime that It might be advantageoudy modified. The arrangements for toe safe investment of the money, and the regulations respecting the awarding of toete scholarships wffl, of thefeslie.yUaiid >toerra£teB;k Yours, fni obediently, ;W. C, Rbbnot." « Football.— A scratch raatiffi will be l'plaiyBd' ti&? «dtemoph ln ; Shfe RnhhSiv Soaebes'. lPsutfe. Teams are tobhpiiekedhy" the-jjnnptaan -quid Tice- captain. ty iAiter ' tiie: imttoVteam wai be selected to represent : HnmRtoh'in'i'thrimteh'agaiiigtGMhraine' j Bowled Out. — It seems to be a rule ' of the orator now a-daya not to admit pre- i paration in connection with ins speeches. ; lake toe brilliant ink- splller who frequently j, drops into a newspaper office with a '' little humorous thing which he dashed off in an i idle quarter of an hour," the average orator ia a creature of impulse, and bis " few ^re marks " are always suggested by something he had seen or heard just prior to making his speech- The numerous rehearsals of his oration which may have taken place in toe solitude of his chamber are not allowed to connt for anything. One of the shining lights of the Opposition, Mr. Tutkill, got into a little difficulty in toe Assembly tiie other evening. Towards toe close of a speech criticising toe ministry, he said his remarks were inspired chiefly bv hearing toe address of toe Commissioner of Customs. Of course the members might or might not have be lieved this, just according to their varying opinions respecting toe capabilities or Mr. Tutbill as an extemporaneous speaker. But Mr. Hall's scepticism was aroused when be saw a voluninons manuscript just in front of the talented orator of a moment's notice, and when toe heartless Hall seized and held up a mass of carefully prepared notes, toe House laughed heartily and enjoyed too situation. Crafty Mr. Tutbill ; cruel Mr. Hall. Accident. — A painful accident oc curred on Thursday to a lad named William. Brown, in the employment of Mr. T. Churchill, of toe Working Man's Boot Com pany, Hamilton. While engaged at the press catting out soles, he by some means fot his right arm caught in a wheel, which rew hisfingera between the cogs, crushing toe bone of toe middle finger. One of toe workmen noticing the lad in a stooping posi tion ran to his assistance, and by reversing the fly wheel extricated the boy's sum. He was at once taken to Dr. M'Farlane who amputated toe finger at tbe_ second joint, and the sufferer is progressing favorably. Fortunately the machine was working slowly at toe time, otherwise the lad would inevit ably have lost his arm. Hamilton Rifle Club. — The com mittee of this Club met on Thursday even ing at toe Secretary's room. Caption Fatroll in toe chair. After the transaction of some routine business, a rough balance-sheet was E resented to the meeting, showing that toe ite rifle tournament baa proved a great unsocial success, an exact oialcuicuv mu be submitted to the annual meeting, to be held at toe Town Hall on Thursday, the 30th inst. A letter was read from Mr. B. L- Carey, of Fern Tree Gully, in toe course of which the writer says : — "I was very glad to see that your competition passed off sowdl,and satisfactory to the Club financially. The arrangements, in my way of thinking, leave very little room for improvement. I was very much pleased last year, and more so this." Mr. Carey concluded by wishing the Clnb every success in ite fotnre undertakings, a result to which he himself hoped to contribute. Camp Corner. — "Writing on the 6th inst., our correspondent reports toe death of Mrs. G. Walker, on old and respected resident of Camp Corner. — The dingoes have become troublesome in the neighbour hood, and a number of sheep belonging to the Messrs. Laird, of Glenferrie, have re cently been killed by toe pests. Mr. E. Clarke, of Digby, has bought a pack of hounds into the locality for toe purpose of hunting down the wild dogs. These animals only make their appearance occasionally, enrmnr from the coast. — The weather has been rough and squally, and is very trying te the young lambs. Tbe grass is very good, considering the nature of the season. In consequence of the heavy rains lately ex- nAFionrafl tlio fJlpnolu id PISIHU. On tiVlfi river flats the locusts hare made their ap pearance again. The insects are fall grown said in large numbers. Temperance Meeting. — The monthly meeting of toe Hamilton Total Abstinence Society was held in toe Temper ance Hall on Thursday evening. Mr. Tillyer occupied toe Chair, and an address was delivered by the Rev. J. C. MacdougalL The following programme was also gone through: — Song "In right of toe crystal Bea," Mrs. Tillyer ; recitation " The little cup," Miss Wright ; song " Never Mind,' Misses Williams and Edmonds ; reading " David Durden's hanging match," Mr. R. M'Luckie ; song " England is still at toe top of toe tree," Mr. H. A Westgarth ; song " White Wings," Mr. T. Vivian ; recitation " Difficulty of rhyming," Mr. D. Kerr ; song " Break it gently to his mother," Mies G. Sloan ; song " The meeting of toe waters," Mr. G. Howe ; reading " The French horn." Mr. J. Cross ; song " A song of Heaven," Mr. A Drummond ; dialogue " Frank Foster's Foe," Misses Wright and Forsyth, Messrs. H. A Westgarth and T. Vivian.- A number of pledges were taken at the close of the meeting. Mobtlake Rifle Matches. — It has hppn Viv a Aassrwefafcrnn rapontlc formed in the district to hold a rifle-shootuq tournament at Mortlake about the end o November next. The Association has entered upon its career under tbe most favorable auspices, and will no donbt prove a most valuable addition to the agencies previously in existence for the promotion of rifle- shootiug. At toe inaugural meeting, which was held at Mortlake, other towns were represented as follow: — Camperdown, Mr. C. M'Arthur; Lismore, Mr. P. S. lang; Darlington, Mr. T. Dowlin ; Hexham, Mr. W. Armstrong; Caramnt, Mr. J. Rea; and Penshnrst, Mr. C. Duftou. Rules were drawn up, and instructions given to have them printed. Office-bearers were appointed as follow : — Trustees, toe Hon. W. Ross, the Rev. W. M. Alexander, and Messrs. J. L. Carrie, J. Mack, J. M'Arthur, T. Robertson, T. Dodds, A. Dennis, T. Shaw, F. Rae and J. A Webster; Finance Com mittee, the Rev. W. M. Alexander, Dr. Sweefanan, and Messrs. A Dennis and C. Cameron ; Match Committee, the Rev. W. M. Alexander, Sergeant- Major Jordan, and Messrs. A. Dennis, H. Qoincy, C. Dufton and J. M'Arthur ; Works Committee, Sergeant-Major Jordan, and Messrs. H. Quincy, W. M'Leod, W. Absolom and A DenniB ; Treasurer, toe Rev. W. M. Alex ander; Secretaries, Messrs. J. A Webster and W. Mawson. Reception of Da Garb. — The newly -appointed Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne will arrive in Melbourne to day and be installed in his Ligfi office. The arrangements made for the reeeption of toe Archbiahon have alreadv been described in onr columns, and are on a most extensive - scale. His Exeellency the Governor offered the use of his carriage to the reception com mittee, bat as a handsome carriage and horses presented by toe laity of toe diocese to Dr. Carr will await their new owner, Sob Excellency's kind offer was declined with thanks. It is a rinjmlm- coincidence that Dr. Carr will arrive in Melbourne and be placed in charge of toe diocese on toe anniversary of the death of bis predecessor, the late Bight Rev. Dr. Goold, who died on toe 11 to June 1886. Under ordinary cir cumstances, Messes, for toe repose of the soul of toe deceased prelate would be offered to-day, but, in consequence of the arrival of Dr. Carr, and toe ceremonies attendant on his installation these masses wili be post poned. Jubilee Services. — Dr. Thornton, Anglican Bishop of this diocese, has issued toe following episcopal letter to toe Chnreh of England clergy of his district: — "Bishops- court. Ballarat, 24to May, 1887. The Queen's Jubilee. My Dear Brother,— I earnestly invite you to hold in your parish or district special services cf thanksgiving and intercession in celebration of toe Jubilee of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Vic toria, and to call upon your people to do uUaT UtlQOfit to 1)6 DKMO-t at Slldl serrimw. in token of their gratitude to Almighty God for our. national mercies, and of. Toyal re spect to toe person and throne of onr be loved Sovereign. I suggest, as the day for the bidding of snch Bernses, 19th Jane, but June 20th or 26th might be adopted. In Ballarat, 3 9th J one has been fixed. A special service will also be heldatthe pro-cathedral, at 5 p.m. on 201h - June. I enclose an order of service which maybe used.' Hotrmany copies (free) shall.be sent you? Please tell the rstrarthis without dday.— I am, with brother and "A' ' /miutabt Distinction. — _ "We learn, per Renter, that in reply Jto ja qnes- tionln the House of. Commons, Lord Stau- tape.jSoer for AVar. stated that ihe' NeW South Walee VcSnntems Vriib served In tbe Soudan will be allowed to wear toe Khedivels ,beoimeB|ar..-.-Tfafo;ii&recXhewi; Is'wilfll' ';ecWtrt;tt'fiiiske .tiie /members iff the VIctoriAn contingent which did-fibi no 'totoeSohfltoim ,i The Post-Office Illuminations. — All arrangements for illuminating toe Post- office have now been completed, aod there is every reason to believe toe effect will be far prettier than we originally imagined. Never theless, we still think the work could hare been as well done locally. Bulli Relief Fund. — We yester day handed to Mr. W. Smith, Town Clerk of Hamilton, toe snm of £19 14s Id, that being the amount of donations received" by us in aid of the sufferers by tbe Bulli colliery ex plosion. Mr. Smith has also received (through the Mayor) a subscription of 10s, —.airing the present total £20 4s Id. A few- further sums are yet to come in, and the list will be kept open until next Monday. Those who have not already subscribed, and who desire to do bo, should forward their dona tions to Mr. Smith without further delay. A Journalistic Curiosity. — From Messrs. Gordon and Gotch. Melbourne, we have received, printed in gold, a facsimile of the London Sun, published on tbe evening of Her Majesty's Coronation Day, June 28th, 1838\. Tbe paper, a double-demy sheet, is said to be a faithful duplicate of toe journal published half a century ago. It contains a full account of toe Coronation Ceremony and a medallion portrait of the Queen, also interesting items relating to the crowning of every other monarch from William toe Conqueror to William IV. Diphtheria. — Our Merino corres pondent writes ss follows : — " Diphtheria has carried off another from onr midst, the victim in this instance being Eileen Smith- wick, eight years of age, daughter of Mr. C. R. Smith wick, of this town. The child had been subject to croup, and when what were possibly the symptoms of a more serious malady manifested themselves the parents did not realise toe danger, naturally sup posing the ailment was of toe same character as that from which the child had suffered formerly. Medical aid was not, therefore, called in until, unfortunately, it was too late to be of service, and a fine little girl succumbed to tbe disease on Thursday night. The local State-school has been closed by order of toe Board of Advice, and every pre caution taken to arrest toe spread of the terrible disease." The Cadets. — Major Snee in spected the Coleraine detachment of Cadets on Thursday. Every member of toe detach ment, which numbers 22, was on parade, D (VAIh 4l AM M CM MMJIil aw J - - _M — A b. « JMII «lA«Uk J3VU1UWUUB UI NjUtiU (Uiu WtUpHlJ UliU WCIC most creditably performed. The inspecting officer might have been surprised at toe steadiness and knowledge of drill displayed by a detachment which has been only two months in existence, had it been under the command of a less capable officer thau Lieut. - Col. Rashleigh head-master of toe school. Hie arms supplied to toe detachment were found to be in perfect order. Major Snee also inspected toe Coleraine rifle ranges, to which he was conducted by Mr. L. M. Lesser, hon. secretary of the Cadet Corps. The visitor returned to Hamilton the same evening and proceeded to Casterton yester day. The Return of Mr. Deakin. — It has been decided by the Australian Natives' Association to welcome home the Hon. Alfred Deakin, M.P., Chief. Secretary of Victoria, at a banqnet in the Athenaeum Hall on Monday, 4th July. The greatest enthusiasm Is being displayed by toe mem bers, as tliey consider the marked success of their fellow countryman at the Imperial Conference deserves toe warmest recognition on their part. A strong committee bus been formed of delegates from seventeen metro politan branches, with Mr. George D. Mendell as hon. secretary. Obituary. — The death is announced of Mr. James Baird, of Rosebank, near iMiuiuiuu. iHu eau cveuii UWK piace RL the re&idence; of the deceased gentleman on Thursday evening. Mr. Baird was a suc- cessfal farmer, a large- hearted and public - spirited man. fie had taken an active in terest in municipal affairs in the Ballarat district during many years past, and had also been closely identified with the Pastoral and Agricultural Society of the city. Two years ago he was elected to represent the western group of agricultural societies on the Council of Agricultural Colleges, and held that position np to the lime of his death. Mr. Baird was a prominent member and an elder of the Presbyterian Charch. The Go&dox; Memorial. — A por trait of the obelisk which Is to be erected near the place where Gordon took his famous leap is now on view at Mr. Trainoris Koroite Hotel, Coleraine. We mentioned recently that Mr. Trainor purposed journeying to Mount Gambier in order to point out the spot where the poet horseman performed the feat which will be ever inseparably con nected with his name. The spot indicated by Mr. Trainor to Mr. Thurston is in a bend in the road, nearly opposite a rocky height south of a gate leading to the Leg of Mutton Plantation. The place has bnt to bs seen and the reckless character of the leap would be folly realised. The monument will be erected on the height on the other side of the road, that being considered the most suitable place for showing it to advantage. coleradte ploughing match. — It has been decided (says the Albion) to hold the annual ploughing matches at Coleraine this year on Wednesday, 20th July, when prizes amounting to £45 will be offered for competition by tiie committee, besides which it may be expected that, as usual, a liberal list of special prizes will be offered by sup porters of tbe undertaking. Tbe matches mil, as heretofore, be held nnder tbe aus- picesof the Pastoral and Agricultural Society, out the fundB will be augmented by special subscriptions. Mr. D. M. Johnson has generously giren carte blanche to the commit tee to select any suitable site on his proper ties forthe matches. The following gentlemen Trere appointed a ground committee to super vise the competition ; — Messrs. Templeton, Lyon, Taylor, Brown, Mathieson, Douglas end M'Kebery. It will be seen by onr report tbat the committee on Saturday were forced to discuss a very knotty question, viz., whether the use of a drag should be per mitted to competitors. It was stated tbat only one man (Mr. Peter Ferrier, we believe) in the district used a drag, and that its work bad never been beaten. The supporters of the drag thus argued that the implement must be an improvement and its use should accordingly be encouraged. On the other hand it was contended that it was a useless article only fit for polishing a ploughman's work and hiding its faults. The merits of the implement were far from being decided, although it was resolved that, as the ara«. as not in general use, it should be prohibited in tiie lest any exercised an unfair advantage over his op ponents. A Measure op Reform. — The fre quent denunciations of the Victorian penal system which have came from Judge Wil liams are likely to bear fruit as last, It is reported that the "Crown law authorities ara making special provision for the accomoda tion of persona ooaviefced for tiie first time whose sentences do not exceed six months' imprisonment. On and after the 1st July a portion of the Castiemaine Gaol will be set apart for such prisoners, who will not in the futitre be forced to _ associate with habitual criminals confined in the different gaols. This is certainly a step in the right direction, and pending fresh legislation with regard to tiie treatment of first offenders, should prove a most useful measure of reform. Recently we expressed tiie hope In nnrlftJinglnmng that -the present session of Parliament would not be allowed to go by without passing a Rill incorporating 'some necessary changes in the penal system. ' fa New Zealand it bis been realised that a first offender against the laws may be , punished effectively without confining him ingaol for a lengthy period, and at the suns tame be given ah opportunity to reform, on what is known as the proba- airM—j ajrnuuu. ouwu SUCH mflmnn oi QW ing with first offenders — youthful ones es pecially — ehould be adopted here, with a of arresting tiie manufacture of criminals " i>y the State itself, for which a faulty system of punishment is at present responsible. It is satisfactory to note that in the Governor's 'Speech, delivered at the opening of Parliament this week, the Go- yhiaaarti indicate' their of initiat- ing legislation on this most important sub ject. A HOBEIBLB CASK. — A TI18"1 named ,Mre)sjnehlias beeurcommtted far trial on s charge criminally 'munn idling hi" own daughter, ;Jtebeeca "Daniels," fc child eight ! Thelittiegirl gave evidence in the Carlton Police Oourt, In a most in- tenjgeab insnner, l atating Ihat the offence WBs ;-commltted >hy;Iier own .father in his &iunriestnet;) Giriton, on vflifl medical evidence was In some ' points Confirmative of the girl's tftoryi therefore the -Bench considered it tteuhdytiSDoIfiiecuefaa jury. A Strange Anomaly. — A very im portant point is Ukely (says " Atticus") to arise -out of the late Windsor catastrophe. As I pointed out a week or two back the allows the amount for which a railway victim's life is insured to be deducted from the damages that may be awarded by a inry to Ms survivors. On this principle a pru dent man whose life is heavily insured may be killed without the Railway Commissionera having to pay- a penny compensation. The obligation is quietly handed over to Hie in surance company, and the Commissioners have only to compensate the families of the improvident. But, to say nothing of the gross injustice that this involves to lie sur vivors, how does it effect the insurance com panies 1 Suppose a man insured for £10,000, paving £600 a year premium, is killed through culpabls negligence some 12 years before, according to the tables of mortality, lie shonld die, and that the Commissioners' ' taking advantage of his providence, dednct this £10,000 from the assessed damages, is the insurance company to bear the loss? I This is the point that is likely to be tried," I and it trill be an interesting one for the | lawyers. But I hope that the present ees- I eiou of Parliament will not pass over tall such | a very anomalous state of affairs is legislated lor. The Licensing Act. — -At the Licen sing Court held in Ballarat on Wednesday, His Honor Judge Casey presided, and, ac cording to an A rgus wire, made some com ments on the Licensing Act which are of general public interest; — Robert Cuey, ! landlord of the Staffordshire Arms, Ballarat j East, was charged with supplying liquor to a hoy under 16 years of age, and admitted the offence. The Bench fined him £5, with 30s costs: and Judge Casey said such offences must be put down. No one could justify such an act as teaching yonngsters to drink, and good taate and common decency shonld prevent people committing it. Any publican resorting to such a reprehensible practice would he severely dealt with when brought before that Court. It was worse than what was commonly known as "lambing down," and far worse than Sunday-trad ing. At the same Court, Mary Aon Flan- neiy was fined 20s and Ids costs for al lowing cards to be played in her licensed house for drinks. The Bench intimated that this was a practice which most be put down. At the same court a landlord was charged with allowing a drunken man to remain on his premises. It was proved that the vn.» in question was a lodger at the hotel, and Mr. Pearson, who appeared for the 'de fendant, urged that, as it was the drunken maii's home, it was the proper place for him to be when he was drunk. Judge Casey said that a drunken man forfeited all right to his lodging at a licensed place, and if the puuneau Ufti uuui vu unit lie U1U BO &U; niB OWQ risk, the same as if he were harbouring a thief. There was a law against harbouring drunken men, and that law must be upheld. The Work of the Salvatioh Aemt. —Amongst other sad cases which Lieut. Puberty, of the Prison Gate Brigade, has been called upon of late to deal with, tbe I following (says the Ballarat Courier) will be read with painful interest. A poor girl writing to the lieutenant says : — " It is with shame and confusion of face that I pen I these lines to you. I am in trouble and distress, and I feel that God has directed me to appeal to yon for help. I have no friends that 1 can look to, although I have many relations all over the world yet I dare not ask any of them for pity ; they would spurn me and cast me out of their presence. I am a girl that has been seduced and for saken, though God knows it, has been innocent. I have no home. I have come a long way to Ballarat, and I ask yon in the name of my blessed Master not to betray me, when you get this letter. Rather than let my people, that is so proud of themselves, know — sooner than that, let me perish. My object in writing to you is to see if you will try and get me into the Fallen Sisters' Home, or the Lying-in Hospital in Melbourne, or in Geelong, if there is a home there. I would far sooner go there, as it is not such a large place, but I dare not stay in Ballarat. I appeal to you, dear Sir, as a servant of the Lord, that will help the friendless. I willing to be or to do anything for yon, if you will only get me a home till my trouble is over.'' After another appeal for assistance, she concludes with the hope the lieutenant would not betray her to her friends. We need scarcely say, the poor girl's appeal was effective, and under the care of Major Barker she IS now Rafnlv Inilrvn wtkhin nna /if Homes of the Army. Excursion Fares. — Tickets at excur sion rates will be issued at all the Victorian country railway lines on June the ISth, 20th and 21st. These tickets will be available for travelling to and from any station, and the return journey may be made at any time not later than the 25th inst. Christ Church, Hamilton — It is intimated in our advertising columns that Dr. Thornton, Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, will administer tbe rite of confirmation in Christ Church to-morrow, at tbe morning service. In the afternoon the Bishop will address the young people. On Tuesday next, jn connection with the Bishop's visit, a tea-meeting will take place in the Town Hall, to be followed by a concert, the pro gramme of which is advertised. During the evening Bishop Thornton will deliver an address. 