ON THE JJECADENOE OF-THE BRITISH EMPIRE. Fcw'persons who have read the. history of Rome with an unprejudiced mind, md possessed with the power of, applying mining;, can fail to trace the same signs oF.'feradencc in car mighty Empire that appeared in Home prior to her crumbling to pieces. .. Learning and corruption went hand in liuud from the time of Ciesar to the final fall of imperious Rome; senBiiality au 1 voluptuousness, idleness and loose conversation first vitiuted society, then threw it into chaos, ,iiid finally sivept it out of existence with the Empire ir which it was bred. Britain has just celebrated the Queen's Jubilee, and paid homage to Victoria akin tu idol worsuip, planing the human monarch, the creature of mere circumstance, before the " King of Kings " and " Lord of Lords." Much as there is to admire in the Queen's character, there is no warrant for impoverishing the people for the glorification cf a human monarch, nor can the waste be justified. Plotting and scheming hnvu been indulged in to such An extent that the yeomanry, the descendants from and representatives of the barons of bygone days, are crushed by open ports, and an influx of products obtained—I won't say from continental cheap labour, but from serfdom, work ground out of a sword-governed and police-ridden people across the turbulent North Sea, who dare not open their mouths to ask for sufficient wages to pave the way to the smallest comfort. Russia is menacing the troublml Empire in tho East, and old Ireland is worrying her at home and agitatiug for dismemberment in Australia and Canada, while establishing societies in America bsnt on crushing England at all events. It is to be regretted that in the face of ull these facts, which are serious matters, poohpooh them aB we will—it is, I say, to be regretted that our Queen, after the great homage paid her, should not have reciprocated her people's love by some act of generosity to the nation at large, and that she should have afforded Mr. Labouchere an opportuuity of commenting on her penurious proclivities in regard to the Highland officer's bequest of £29,000 and the small donation of £2 sent to his unfortunate niec'.^nd her large family • suffering from dire poverty. How this reminds one of Strafford's expression when he heard that Charles tlu First had signed his death warrant, " Put not your tiust in princes." Blind hypocrisy and spurious charity prevailed in Rome antcceduneona to "her fall; is it not to be traced in our day at home, and iu the colonies too ? The Court the sequel to Britain's greatuesst judge in her final condemnation, when she crumbles to pieces, for as the God of Israel gave over It is "stifftaecked people to their enemies, so will He crush the wealthy aristocrat, who hypocritically takes that volume as his guide and flauntingly tramples on every pure and lofty sentiment therein. Now, turn from the mother country and her sins, and contemplate the sorry figure we cut here. Sycophancy is rampant; money is the god, and land IB the prince of this country. Corruption is gnawing at the vitality, the purity sf th3 country; lying, false swearing, and forgory are its concomitants. \- All laws are shaped to fetter the poor and to give unbridled freedom to wealth. The people aredeceived, blinded, gagged. Political schemers of the Parkes type are handing over the country to wealthy men, and syndicates, and banking institutions. The country is one seething cauldron of deception. Men lend their names to banks to procure land; nominally the land is theirs—lliey call it their private property ; actually it is the banks,. aud that, too, at the very moment the bank chooses to -close up on the miscreants who thus sell their birthright. The pure " grit" has been rubbed out of the Briton, and the Anglo-Saxon has forgotten his self-reliant spirit, and has drifted to sycophancy of the meanest type. Is proof wanting? Then I say look at that miserable, sorry sight two Saturdays ago with ' your mind's eye. See the mock soldiers! See the bays with guns probing, men- full of liquor, filled tq shout '' hurrah !" for the greatest: charlatan that evpr spoke on politics. Meditate oil the false statements that rolled from the lean's lips. Then t«rq to the disgijsting, humiliating scene of bunting flying for, green boughs sirewed ip the path of, • and savory dishes prepared for. the greatest enemy New South Wales and its people cvor had, hy those who support waltb iu gobbllng up the earth, This is sycophancy with a vengeance. Poor, tumble creatures dismissed to save £100 a year, and HUB bloated individual spending probably £500 a,month from the coffers of the country to blather and deceive a too credulous public 1 We-are binding chains about our necks, as did the Romans of old, and the Carthaginians as well. All these things in slight|y different forms were enacted in Rome as she slid down the hill of opulence to the valley of obscurity. Aud what is she now J A ghost, a phantom, disunited iu all cxcept her ohnrch, scattered all over ' the earth, bereft of temporal power (for the Pope has no temporal power over any nation of the earth). An opinion is fast gaining ground, to the effect'that Britain's glory is waning, and that, she will soou crumble to pieces, being now at the zenith of-her greatness. I am uo pessimist, but alas, I oan see the signs pointed out by many writers, and can trace them in the fall of Rome, the decadinse of Athens, and the destruction of Carthage. Neither am I an optimist. I fancy a country is what "society " niakeB it, directed by wise senators and just laws. Sir Henry says, "Ood made allalike,''and upoil this, sentence he denounoes restriction, which he designates Protection. Then why iloes lie foster the importer, the squatter, the banker, and wealthy sensualists at the -expense of the. lower grades of society? Why does he «>qunj with the squatter-when wool is down iu price, and'tell. the fanner when his crop fails or the price is loir, " Well, you must turn your attention tq something-else ?'! Britain is crumbling, America is solidifying, Russia is extending. America will soon master the western world, and probably -western Europe. Russia will at the same time assume mastery over the Eastern world, from the Vistula, the Carpathians, and the Adriatic, cast to tho Pacific. Nothing could be done, better calcnlaated to. hasten the crumbling of the British Empire, than#e insane bluster of such men as Parkes, Berry, and the grovelling in- Tiduals who have lately been sipping of Court life in London. • ••. ~ September 6,1887. -KCCiSSIGNUM. 