RELIGIOUS. CONGREGATIONALISM IN ENGLAND. ADDRESS BY DB. DALE. On Tuesday evening, September 27. Dr. Dale, of Birmingham, delivered an address in Stow.Church on " The History ol Congre gationalism in England during the Last Fifty Years." The Rev, W. K. Fletcher presided over a large audience, and the meeting com menced by the choir singing the anthem, " All ye Nations Praise the Lord." The CHAIRMAN, in his opening remarks, said that happily the victory oi religious equality bad been won here, but he hoped that the interests of the Congregationalisms of South Australia in the struggle taking place in England- which straggle was destined to be reptated among all the nations of Europe -would not grow less and less, and that they would look forward with confidence to. the time when in every land religion would be set free from State patronage and control. . (Hear, hear.) . ... Dr. DALE said he was afraid he had been unfortunate in the selection of a title for the address, as Mr. Fletcher evidently imagined that he was going to tell the story ot the struggle w hi had been going on in England during the last fifty years for religious equality; bnt it had never occurred to him to say one word about it. The history of English Congregationalism was one thing and the history of the struggle for religions equality although the Congregational oody took part in it-was another, it had been his good or evil fortune to have his name rather inti mately connected with that great oonflict, but in reality the matter had occupied a very inconsiderable portion of his time, thought, or Btreneth. What he proposed to speak about was " The History of the Internal Life of the Congregational Churches," for he felt it might be interesting to them to know something about the changes which had taken place in the customs and modes of worship, in the preaching, theology, and , general life of those associated with the Con gregational Churches during thelast fifty years. Let him Urst refer to the relative strength of Congregationalism to the population of Eng land and Wales in 1837 and in 1887. In the year when the Queen came to the throne the estimated population of England was about 14,000,000, in 1887 the estimated population was 26,000,000. The Congregational Chapels in England in 1837 numbered 1,850; in 1887 the number was 3,300, so that the number in proportion to the population was slightly less at the present moment than fifty years ago. Bnt the accommodation provided in these buildings for the purposes of religious instruction and worship was, he believed, very much larger now than fifty years ago. Many of the Church buildings which in 1837 held 400 or 500 people had been enlarged and rebuilt and could now accommo date 1,000 people or more. Nearly all the new buildings were considerably larger than those erected duringthe first decades of the century. How much more accommodation was pro vided now it was impossible for him to say or even roughly estimate, for Congregationalists in England had a moBt wholesome dread of central authorities, and if the Secretary of the Congregational Union sent out circu lars invitiug a return of the accommodation which the Church buildings provided, he was sure that two-thirds of them would go into the waBte-paper basket, and the .Noncon formist and Jndependent, and Christian World would be filled for a few weeks with letters from indignantooantry correspondents. (Hear, bear, and laughter.) In Wales in 1837 the popu lation was about 860,000 and in 1887 about 1,500,000, or not quite double. In 1837 there were 450 Congregational Chapels in Wales, and in 1887 there were 999, so that the number had considerably more than doubled. . (Hear, bear.) Great changes had taken place in the style of Church Buildings. In 1837 there were very few buildings of Gothic architecture; he doubted whether there were half a dozen Congregational Churshes which had spires and towers, and he was not sure that there was one. In the majority of the new Churches there was an attempt, not always successful, as he ven tured to think, to illustrate the ecclesiastical style. He ventured to doubt whether the change had been wholly wise. It was pas sible to use the Gothic for any purpose, but most aruhiteeta and Building Committees seemed to think that if they erected a Gothic building for congregational wor ship they must make it as like as pos sible to the ancient parish Churches of Eng land. Those old Churches were admirable for the purpose for which they were erected, but were not suitable for Congregational \- Church services. Xheir services were not spectacular, nor did they need any long aisles for religious processions. They wanted a ball in which every person could see the minister and the minister could make every person hear without difficulty. (Hear, hear.) What their fate had been with regard to Church architec ture in this colony he could not say, but many Congregational Churches in England during the last fifty years had been built more or lesB beautiful to look .at outside. But then Churches were intended mainly for the people inside, and some of them were almost worth less for that object. A Congregational Church was utterly ruined if placed in a building in whioh it was hard to preach. A lofty Gothio roof might be more beautiful than a flat one, but in nine caBes out of ten the preacher had the beet chance in a building with a flat roof. He was thankful that he preached in a building with a flat roof. It was not architecturally beautiful, bnt it answered its purpose better than if it were stately ae the Cathedral of York or Lincoln. (Bear, hear.) Then, as to thair services. On the whole they had changed for the better, though all the changes had neither been very intelligent nor success ful. When he began to preach they had the "usual" service. When he asked thirty years ago what order of Bervicea he . should follow-a question which he did not ask so often now as he did then, becaoBe he thought a little freedom about the order of the services was an advantage, and he had come to think he might take his own way abont it, but when be asked thirty years ago be was generally told "the usual order." Tbat nsual order was, first the congregation sang a hymn, then the Soriptures were read, then came what was commonly called the long prayer, then they sang again, then fol lowed the sermon, then singing, a shott prayer, and the Benediotion. Sometimes a short prayer was offered at the opening of the services. A few years later some ministers began to ofier a short prayer before the . sermon, and abont the same time the long prayer, which occupied twenty or twenty-five minutes, was divided into two. The ser \- mon occupied usually fifty minutes at least, and in the evening usually longer. The long prayer being divided into two, with the short prayer at the commencement, made three prayers instead oi the one, with whioh their fathers had been satisfied. In connec tion with this change there was an attempt wliich deserved moat serious, thought fuj, and devout consideration-to (jive a more liturgical character to the Bervioe. He had the impression that that attempt had on the whole been a disastrous one. They bad more disnity perhaps in the form and perhaps in the substance of their worship than they had thirty or forty yeara ago, bat less of pasBion. Each kind of public prayer had its advantages. There were qualities in a good liturgy which could not be reached in extemporaneous prayer. There were qualities in extemporaneous prayer when he who led the devotions of a devout people was filled with the Holy Ghost that no liturgy, however beautiful or stately, could ever rival. He believed that the attempt to blend the characteristic qualities of the two would always be a failure. Their fathers did not consider the aesthetic qualities of a prayer. They did not consider whether it was the kind of compo sition that would touch the sentiment of those who listened. In their best days they were absorbed in the thought of God's in finite grace and power on the one hand, aid the sore need of the people on whose behalf they were interceding on the other. All digDity of thought was forgotten in the in tensity of paesion with which they appealed to God to have mercy on His people and to bless them. Now he thought a long prayer gave a man whose heart was really touched by the spirit of God much larger freedom than the shorter prayers whi:h had taken its place-(Hear, hear)-and although it might be said that long prayers were sometimes wearisome he was inclined to thiDk tbat if a Christian Church had caught the spirit of prayer, believed that God was near, and that I in fellowship with Christ it might find aoceBS to Him, the complaints about long prayers would be likely to disappear; and for his own part he was inclined to think thit during the next twenty or thirty years they would return to the practice of their lathers._ (Ap plause). The moBt remarkable change in their worship had been in their psalmody. Some of them perhaps remembered when they sang Dr. Watts's psalmB and hymns, the hymns being in three books. In some churches there was a small collection o I supplementary hymns. Few _ persons ' ever thought what wonderful service Watts rendered to the Churches of the English- | Bpeaking race. Practically he invented the 1 hymn, There were a few in the English language before, bat very few indeed, He doubted whether there were 20 good hymns before Watts published his first book. There were psalms, but hymns were practioally invented by Watts, and he produced suoh a large number of excellent hymns tbat for 160 yean the Congregational Churches on both sides of the j Atlantic were satisfied to sing them only. That was a wonderful achievement. Bat their fathers began to feel that it was wise J to avail themselves more freeljr of hymns tbat devout hearts had been inspired by God to write in later timeB. In 1833, immediately after the formation of the Congregational Onion of England and Wales, the Union decided to prepare a book that should be a supplement to Watts. That supple ment was issued in 1837. Josiah Conder, father of his friend l>r. Eustace Conder, of LeedB, was the responsible editor, and the collection contained some of his own hymns. There were 620 hymns in the supple ment, of which 120 were for domestic and private use. Of course there were some people who resented the interference with the supremacy of Isaac Watts, and just as Watts had a hard fight to get his hymns sung, so fifty years ago the people had a hard fight to get other hymns sung. They had perhapB heard of the witticism of a famous preacher in Watts's day B who described his hymns as " Watta's whims." That was the general feeling in those dayB. Fifteen years later the New Congrega tional Hymnbook waB issued, inolnding the hymns of Watts's moBt in use. That book was edited by a committee, and he could imagine no surer method of producing a bad book than by asking a committee to edit it. (Laughter.) It was produced at a time when the religious life of their Churches was very cold. The " Supplement" was an ! attempt to correct some of the defects of the original book. He was glad that the Con gregational Union had recently issued a new hymn-book, for he believed that the ooldness of what was known as the Congregational hymn-book, iBBued thirty years ago, had very seriously lessened the fire of devotion in some of their Churches and discouraged some of the nobler forms of religious lite amongst them. I He had no doubt that the new book was infinitely better than the old one, la some respectB their recent hymnology was cpen to criticism. The most popular ot their modern hyinns were soft, sighing, eentiar -*t»l hymns-hymns about themselves and the inhrmities and imperfections of human life. Their spiritual music was for the most part in the minor key. With the exception of two or three, among whom Mr. T. H. Gill was conspicuous, modern hymn writers seemed to know very little of the triumphant blessedness of restoration to God through Christ. There was a great want of noble hymns celebrating the divine greatness and the divine glory. Passing from ttte ! hymns to the music, there had been a great change. Fifty years ago there were bat few organs in their Churches at home. In country Churches they had violins and flutes and double basses. Congregations eang with infinitely more fire to string bands than to an organ; and if they could only get a good Btring band to lead their tinging they would have singing of a far more intense | and rej oicing character than was within reach at present. (Cheers.) But the violins and double basseB and flutes were apt at times to j be a little grotesque, and they were gradually going out. They had to rely on a dozen people if tbey had a band, bat they had to deal with only one man if they had an organ ; and euch was the delicate sensitiveness of the musical temperament tbat in some oases one man was quite enough to tax the energies and to test the sagaoity of the authorities of the Church. (Laughter.) Since 1837 organs had come in. Then fifty yoara ago they had a aet of tunes that had almost entirely disappeared. Some of them were | very riotous and some very vulgar. Bat he ! remembered his father need to go about the t houBe nearly always hummingthetune which he bad sung on Sunday. People liked to sing. They did not find people going about singing hymns to tunes that Dr. Allon introduced in the first part of the Psalmist. Fifty years ago, just aa some thought they Bhould have eocleaiastical architecture, some thought they should have ecclesiastical music, and the oonseqaenoe was that hymns that set congregation* on fire at that time had to go, and instead oame hymns exceedingly proper, extremely dignified, and extremely dull. But they had another change in the last twenty- five years, and he hoped they would have the fire and brightness soon without the riot and vulgarity that they had forsaken. It was only fair to acknow ledge that Mr. Wait, Mr. Gurweo, and Dr. Allon had rendered very great service, and the later parts of Dr. Allon's "Congregational Psalmist" gave them a different conception of v?bat Congregational musio ought to be from the part be issued first. Mean while anthems had come into use. When he first had anthems in his Church some of the people were troubled. What troubled them was that In the course of the anthem there was sometimes a tenor, a treble, a contralto* or bass solo. It seemed incon sistent with worship. Be bad to remind them that in prayer there was only one voice heard, and they could worship God following what was said, and that for his own part he could not uuderfltand why they should not be able to worship God in an anthem. One or the befit of his people, who greatly resented the anthem for a time, was converted at lart, Sbe told him how she became oonverted. He did not know whether it was complimentary, but she said, " I have noticed what an effect the anthem has upon your spirit and upon your thought in the prayer that immediately follows it. It reminds me of the effect of David's harp upon Saul.' (Laughter.) He was Quite satisfied, and per haps ehe was nearer the truth than she sup posed. Then thpy had also come to have a great deal of chanting in their worship chanting of Psalms, and chanting of canticles. About the musical merits of chants he would not venture to speak, although it seemed to bim that tbe Tnythm o5 music required hythmical words, and that it was inartistic to sing mere prose to any music whatever. That he would not discuss. He would speak of a far more important matter. _ The words of many of tbe Psalms and cantioles sung in their congregations seemed to him wholly out of place. Suppose they had. had a Psalmist during the last fifty years, inspired as David was, what would he have written ? He would have written a sorrowful psalm on the sufferings of our soldiers in the Crimea, a psalm of triumph on the taking of Sebastoopl; another pealm of sorrow on the Irish famine of 1815-1846, and a psalm of hope, on tne opening of the great Exhibition in 1851; there would have been a psalm for. the Queen's coronation, one for her marriage, one for the death of Prince Albert, and another for her jubilee, and these would nave gone into the Book of Psalms. But they would think it very absurd for a congrega tion a thousand years hence to be singing even inspired psalms about the sufferings m the Crimea, the fall of the fortres.B of Sebas topol, the Irish famine, the Exhibition, or the Queen's Coronation and Jubilee. Many of the Psalms celebrated similar events in the life of the Jewish people and their kings, and I That seemed to him unreasonable. Many of the canticles seemed very inappropriate. How beantiful it was for the mother of their Lord to sing "My soul doth magnify the I Lord, and my spirit doth rejoice in Goa, my 1 Saviour, for He bath looked upon the low estate of His handmaiden, for behold from henceforth all generations shall oall me blesBed." But what did those words mean on their lips? They were not the Lords handmaidens; they had. not received the dignity and grace of being the mother of the Messiah. For old Simeon to sing, * Now lettest thou thy servant depart in peaoe, O Lord, according to thy wora," was beautiful* but for a congregation with hundreds of bright looking young women and robust young I men, who hoped to live thirty or forty years to sing it, was sorely a grotesque mockery of worship. (Hear, hear.) They might juBt as well sing at noon a hymn written for a midnight service. It was time that they served God with the under standing as well as with the spirit and voice. (Hear, near.) The preaching of Congrega tional ministers In 1887 was in many respects very different from the preaching of their predecessors in 1837. Of course, in that com parison he had to take the more conspicuous men as typeB of the rest* and he supposed that was a tolerably trustworthy method, tor the preachers who were accounted great at any period in the history of the Church had an immense influence in determining the I general style of their brethren. The address to the Queen on her accession by what was called the general body of. dissenting ministers of the three denominations in London and Westminster was presented at St. James's on July 21,1887, by the venerable John Clayton and his son, George Clayton. They were representatives of a generation of Congregational ministers .which was even then disappearing - dignified, . stately, courteous gentlemen, laultless in the.ir dress, faultless in their manners, faultless m doctrine, faultless in character-devout men, but net very enthusiastic. .They were the I pastors of congregations consisting of prospe rous middle-class Christian people, who lived an easy tinheroic life, and who believed that it was possible to make the best of both worlds. And those who believed that would, he ventured to think, make the best of neither. (Applause.) But the men who held the foremost places among the Con gregational preachers of that time were men of quite another temper. William Jay was one of the most popular. He was a man of shrewd practical genius, who was not afraid to speak in a simple, frank, and homely style, which had a charm for all sortB of people. He (Dr. Dale) did not know how it might be in Australia, but the younger preaohers at home when before a congregation of cultured 1 people were apt to use fine words. He assured them that a half-educated congrega tion often liked fine words, but. an audience is which there was real education preferred simple words. (Hear, hear.) He remem bered preaching once at Dr. W. Lindsay Alexander's Church at Edinburgh, which was supposed to represent a great deal of intellec tual culture. After the service a gentleman 1 thanked him for his sermon! and added, "Most of the men who come so spsak to ns think we are all M.A.'s. . but we don't want to be reminded of our Univer sity atanding on Sundays." (Hear, hear.) William Jay stood alone. He represented no one but himself. His characteristic manner was beyond imitation. The representative men were Dr. Rattles, of Liverpool. Jolm Angell JameB, of Birmingham, Dr. Leifohud, of London, Andrew fieed, of London, who was even more eminent as a philanthropist and founder of aaytama than a» a preacher, though he waa a preacher of very remarkable power, and Dr. McAU, of Manchester, who died towards the end of 18S7 or early in 1838\. Dr. Hamilton and John Ely. of Leeds, and John Kelly, of Liverpool, were also dis tinguished for their efficiency as preaohers, and Hamilton was distinguished for his scholarship. John Burnet, of CamberweU, 1 was becoming known for the intellectual vigour of his sermons, and still more for the humonrand eloquence of his speeches. John Campbell was at the Tabernacle, but his ex traordinary energy was aa yet almost unsus pected. In 1837 I think that Dr. Vaughan waa at Kensington, where he had a brilliant congregation. He had not yet achieved the position he held for many years before his I death as a platform orator without an equal i or a rival in the Congregational ministry. Among their theological scholars at that time Pye Smith was the most eminent, but Drs. Bailey, Henderson, Fletcher, Bennett, ana Bedford were regarded, and rightly regarded, with great respect. Thomas Binney was comparatively young, but he was already re cognised as a man of singular originality and force. Caleb Morris-a letB famous name was at that time or soon after attracting to himself in the Chapel in Fetter-lane large numbers of themore thoughtful and cultivated oi London Congregationalists. Mr. Binney and Mr. Caleb Morris were exerting a great influence over the younger ministers, and were assisting to change the character of Congregational preaching. The preaching of fifty years ago, speaking generally, bad more of rhetorical brilliance in it than was com mon in the present time. It was Cioeronian. The popular preachers liked to sweep along in a chariot of fire, and the fire blazed ont moBt gloriously in the peroration. Most of them had given up perorations daring the last twenty-five years. He did not say that they ought to do so. (Hear, hear.) In some sermons there was elaborate decoration, an almost Asiatic profusion of imagery-though perhaps that was beginning to disappear-in England when this colony was founded. But even then preachers were as careful about the workmanship as about the metal of their sermons. They were sculptors, not mere quarrymen. Usually they did not read their sermons. Many wrote, and then learned what lhey had written; but some of them had great powers of impetuous, extempo raneous, popular eloquenoe. They excited their congregations, and when one of the more famous of them was to preaib a iccial sermon away from home the chapel was often crowded an hour or two before the service. Of later years it had beoome general to attempt to preach what were called " thoughtful" sermons; and thoughtful ser mons might almost aa well be read as spoken. The sermon had become too maoa like an essay, too little like a speech to a popular audience. The appeal to emotion waB less frequent, or if there was any appeal at all it was to the softer and quieter kind of emotion. People did not orowd into a Church an hour or two before the service began to liBten to preaching of that kind. (Hear, hear.) The best preaching among them was interesting, instructive, and devout rather than impassioned. Preaching of the popular kind had, he thought, more of hnmour in it than it had fifty years ago. Con gregations were not afraid to laugh, and there were, he supposed, some preachers who were not careful to avoid saying things that raised a laugh. Fifty years ago a laugh in a sermon would have been regarded bjr Congrega tionalists as quite indecorous, inconsistent with the seriousness, or at least with the pro prieties, of a religious service. In that respeot they had gone back to the methods of a still earlier time. When George III. was King there were many witty and humorous Sreaohers in the pulpit, pieaohers of whom latthew Wilks and Rowland Hill were conspicuous examples. They owed it, he imagined, to Mr. Spurgeon, who when he was yonnger sometimes said very keen and amusing things in his ser monB, and did so now at times, that the older style had revived. It was not inconsistent with the intensest earnestness, but it was not without its dangers, and a man onght to be intensely in earnest for it to be safe for him to be humourous in a sermon. (Hear, hear.) Passing from the mere intel lectual and emotional elements of preaching to the substance of it, he thought it must be acknowledged that there had been during the last fifty years a very consider able change. There had been a general break up in the religious traditions of England, and Congregational Churches had been largely influenced by the currents of contemporary life and thought. They had been passing out of an old order into a new, and what the new order would be they were not quite certain. The change was far less deep and central than was sometimes imagined, but for the time there was great oonfusion, and a few years ago there was great alarm. The alarm had very much subsided, but the confusion still remained. Fifty years ago the Calvinistic theology still seemed to retain something of its ancient stability and solemn grandeur. The Evangelical clergy in the English Church were for the most part Calvinistic, and though the best times of the Evangelicals were already over, the Evangelical clergy and the Evan gelical laity were still, in religious fervour and energy, the most powerful party in the English Church. Among the free Evangelical Churches of England, with the exception, of course, of the Methodists, who always abhored Calvinism, the Calvinistic form of faith was still generally acknow ledged. In the Congregational Churches, however, there were already signs that it had begun to decay. The Calvinism of the De claration of Faith and Order adopted by the Congregational Union at its first meeting in 1834 was Calvinism of an exceedingly mild type. Its mildness created great dissatisfac tion among the most robust theologians of the older sort. Richard Winter Hamilton, of Leeds, condemned the declaration strongly, and other men thought they saw in it ominous indications that Congregationalists were drifting away from the faith of their fathers. It was drawn up by Dr. Bedford, of Worcester, in consultation with Mr. James; and Mr. James, though as a student he had been trained in Calvinism, was touched in his early religious life by Methodist influences, and subsequently he followed with great interest the Calvinistic con troversy in America between the two parties known as the old and the new school Presbyterians, which led to the temporary division of the Presbyterian Church in America, and his sympathies were wholly with the new school. He used some of the technical pbrases of Calvinism to the last, but he had put new wine into the old bottles, and the wonder was that the bottles did not burst Mr. James was rather a conspicuous illustra tion of the general change that was passing in their theological thought. Large numbers of the men of his generation were silently— some of them unconsciously—surrendering everything in Calvinism that was worth keeping, but they could not throw off the old language. The men that came after them save up the language of Cal vinism as well as its creed, and some of them fiercely assailed its more characteristic doc trines. Here and there Calvinism —real Calvinism — still remained, but speaking generally and broadly its living force had gone. They had lost something, they had lost much in losing it. It the days of its strength it filled men with the most august sense of the infinite great ness of God; and the true root of the greatness of man lay in the divine greatness. The devout Calvinist had a God whom he could worship—for whom he had a reverential fear, before whose infinite majesty he was sometimes obliged to lie prostrate in silent, awful wonder. He had a God whose eternal decrees gave transcendent dignity and absolute security to his personal life; and a God whose free, spon taneous grace inspired him with passionate love and devotion. Since parting with Calvinism many had come to have a mere good-natured God. He did not think, however, that in the case of the men of that generation—the leaders of the Free Evan gelical Churches in 1837—the loss of Cal vinism had any serious effect on the religious life. Their real theology, the theology on which they lived, was the theology of the revival. Its great articles were the sinfulness of man, his peril if he did not repent, the death of Christ for the sins of the world, justification by faith, and the necessity of the new birth. These they kept, and in gradually parting with their traditional Calvinism they were conscious of no loss. But they discovered, and discovered with alarm, that the younger men seemed to be passing through a still more serious change. In 1844 there appeared a series of articles in the Congregational Magazine in which this alarm was expressed. The articles were on Academical Theology, the Theology of the Study, and the Theology of the Pulpit. The stadents at one of the Congregational Colleges—grave, grey-headed men now—were very angry. They passed resolutions denouncing the magazine, and banishing it from the College table. One of the resolutions pledged the students to recommend their friends in the Churches to give up subscribing for it Of course the editor inserted these resolutions in his next number, and called upon his supporters to stand by him in what he regarded as a grave duty to the truth and to the Con gregational Churches of the country, and this brought him letters from different parts of the kingdom, encouraging him to be firm, and declaring that his charges were well founded. The students and the younger ministers thought that they were suffering cruel in- justice, but on looking back he was inclined to think that the older men were so far in the right—that about that time a very real and substantial change was showing in the new generation of ministers. It was not a question of holding fast to Calvinism; it was a question of holding fast to the theology and to the traditions of the evangelistical revival. The younger men might have said, " We do not reject the doctrine of human sinfulness, or human peril, or the atone ment, or justification by faith, or the new birth;" but the older men, could they have seen olearly how the matter stood, might have replied, " Perhaps not, but these truths do not hold the same place in your faith that they hold in ours. You hold them, but they inspire you with no passion, no wonder; you haven't that vision of the glory of Christ's redemption which fills our hearts with joy. The articles of our faith may be found in yours, but with you they have their place among a crowd of other beliefs, instead of being sceptred, crowned, enthroned, and ruling all your thoughts." To this charge it would have been difficult for the younger men to make any successful reply. And the older men might have gone on to say, " We have cared supremely about converting and saving men; there are some theological doctrines about which we have been doubtful, some which we have modified, but about the central truths of our faith we have never had any doubt, and our great concern has been so to preach these absolutely certain things as to fill men with sorrow for sin and to prevail upon them to trust in the Lord Jesus Christ for eternal redemption. You seem to care more about reeolving difficult questions of criticism and theology and about finding satisfactory definitions of doctrine than about saving human souls. Our chief concern has been with men; your chief concern is with truth." In other words, they might have told their younger brethren that they were breaking with the traditions of the revival. And it soon besame appa rent that while the yonnger Congregational ministry believed that they held last by the substance of the evangelical faith, the intel lectual conception and expression of Christian doctrine which had satisfied the evangelical Churches was regarded by them as inade quate; and for forty years there had been going on a gradual process of change in their theological position, nor had they even now formed a clear, firm, and coherent theory of their faith, They would find it hard to draw up a Confession of Faith or a catechism. Yes; the most important change that had passed upon Congregational preaching during tbe last half-century was the result of the gradual disappearance of the traditions of the great evan gelical revival. The leading preachers among them fifty years ago were children of the revival. Some of the influential ministers of that time were indeed the repre sentatives of the elder Nonconformity, but the most popular men—men like James Parsons, Angell James, and Leifchild—were penetrated through and through with the spirit of that great movement which changed the religious condition of England in the lust century. They had a profound conviction that men were in danger of an awfnl doom if they did not trust in the mercy of Christ, receive pardon of sin, and the new life given in regeneration. They made a strenuous endeavour to convert men. In their sermons there was direct, vehement appeal. They appealed to fear as well as to the conscience and to the kindlier affections of the human heart. Their theory was rarely to preach a sermon that might not, have something in it to touch the hearts of sinful men and to lead them to faith in Christ. Gradually this passionate assault on the unconverted lost its fire, and preaching during the last fifty years had became more instructive and less evangelistic. It was thought that the constant reiteration of evangelical truths when preaching to congregations largely composed of Christian men and women was unnecessary. Again and again there had been attempts made to renew the fervour and methods of the evangelical revival, but, as a rule, they had been of a spasmodic character. Here and there hearts had been filled with the love of God, and men had broken with sin as a result of those efforts; but, speaking broadly, tbe attempt to renew and,to repeat the evangelical revival of the last century had not succeeded. It could not in the nature of things be repeated. God never repeated Himself. That was wonder fully illustrated in the religious movements recorded in the Scriptures, as well as in Lutheraniam, Puritanism, and the movement in whioh Whitfield and Wesley played such a prominent part. Those who desired to see tbe whole life of the Church rise to clearer, loftier, and more blessed heights—those who desired to see the Christian Gospel exerting some of its old imperial power—must not suppose that those results were to be achieved by imitating what was done by Whit field and Wesley a hundred years ago. They must appeal to the living God and ask Him to teach them the way in which His work was to be done now. He had the warmest sympathy with those who sought to get the revival of the last century re peated ; but they should entreat God to teach them what was best. Men did not require a new gospel, but they required the old gospel to be preached by living men to their contemporaries in their own speech, so as to touch tbe dangers and the sorrows by which they were environed. (Hear, hear.) He might further say in regard to the life of Congregationalists in England that there had been a departure from some of the traditions which controlled and governed the personal life of their fathers in the last century. The Independents a hundred years ago had a very definite character of their own, almost as definite as that which was illustrated in these days by the Society of Friends ; but there came upon them the new traditions created by the evangelical revival, and those were the traditions which ruled devout Con gregationalists when this colony was founded. They lived a much simpler life than they lived now. The middle classes now were much richer in England than they were fifty years ago; they gave larger entertainments, and mixed much more freely than they used to do with those who did not hold the Christian faith. Their conceptions of the Christian life had considerably altered; many of them danced, many went to theatres, and he supposed all read novels. Fifty years ago a novel was regarded with the gravest suspicion. That tradition was justified by the general character of the novels of the eighteenth century, and people fifty years ago did not properly understand the great change which Scott had wrought in that field of literature. It seemed to him that the Victorian era would win as splendid a place in English literature by its writers of fiction as the Elizabethan era had won by its dramatists. (Hear, hear.) But when he considered the time devoted to novels that were utterly worthless he almost regretted that the old Congregational rigidity in respect of such works had passed away. (Hear, hear.) It might be doubtful whether family prayer was as universal in Congregational families as it was fifty years ago, and speaking briefly it appeared to him that they wanted to recover a conception of a method of life. Every method of life must gradually decay and be reconstructed with the changes in the civilization and social condition of a people, but unless a Christian Church had an ideal method of life which should exert a certain authority over its members most Christian people were apt to go astray. Christ governed men by prin ciples, but it was necessary that they should take a concrete form. He trusted that as God renewed the spiritual energy of Con gregationaliats, as he believed he was doing in England, that they would come to a clearer intellectual conception of how the great laws which Christ had given for the guidance of His Church were to be better expressed in practical life. (Loud applause. 