YAREAWONGA SHIRE COUNCIL. Monday, 5th September, 1887. Present—Crs. M‘Mahon (president), Bott, Crockett, Jeffrey, Dwyer, Ma hony, and Townsend. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed, and the outward correspondence approved. CORRESPONDENCE. From secretary, Geelong Juvenile Exhibition, requesting the secretary to act as local honorary agent.—Complied with. From North Ovens Shire Council, drawing attention to the western ap proach to Lower Ovens bridge.—Re ceived. From Rutherglen Shire, urging ne cessity of repairs to same.—Received. From Joseph Breen, enclosing £1 for slaughtering license.—Inspector to re From Central Board of Health, re questing to be informed when its re quirements in the Yarrawonga grand stand had been complied with. The secretary read a report from Senior constable Couch, reporting that the re quired improvements had been effected, and telegram had accordingly been sent to Central Board of Health.—Ap proved. From Department of Lands, stating that Minister had decided to allow a subsidy of 3d per dozen on the scalps of young rabbits of this season’s breed ing, up to 30th September, the rabbits to have been destroyed by fire.—No action. From Town Clerk, Melbourne, en closing amendments to Public Health Amendment Bill, as proposed by re cent conference committee.—Held over. From Jas. Sheehan, Yarroweyah, asking time until December to pay his rates.—No action. From Shepparton Water Trust, stating that application was being mado for a loan to reticulate Nuinur kah township.—Received. From Public Works Department, stat ing that subsidy of £250for bridges over Boosey and Sheepwash Creeks was placed on the estimates for 1887-S.— Received. From Shire of Benalla, agreeing to bear half cost of forming boundary road between Waggarandall and Doo kie, £143 os ; but requesting this shire to carry out the work.—As the engin eer’s hands were full, the work was ordered to stand over. From S. C. Lamrock, applying, on behalf of Henry Newman, Lake Rowan, for £40 compensation for damages sustained through a defective culvert over the Boosey near M'Cartney’s, on 2nd June last; otherwise threatening legal proceedings. Cr Dwyer pointed out that an exceptionally heavy flood had occurred this season, and it was impossible to watch every bridge at such a time. He considered there had been contributary negligence in at tempting to drive over the bridge in its then state, and moved that no ac tion be taken. Cr Townsend seconded the motion, as he considered claimant had not used due care in examining the bridge before crossing.—Carried. From secretary, Numurkah Agricul tural Society, asking for a public and bank holiday on 28th September.— Granted for Western Riding only. From secretary, Devenish Agricul tural Society, asking for public and bank holiday on 27th September.— Granted for St. James. Front W. Grenell, asking for use of Shire Hall on Show night. The secre tary pointed out that the hall did not comply with the Central Board of Health’s requirements, and that the iouncil was liable if it were let.—Not granted. From H. Kells, Burramine, claiming £3 damages from an accident caused by a log on the road. The President ixplained that the accident occurred -hrough a log protruding from the fence. Cr Townsend said by the new ret the council was not liable if a 15fc. dear roadway was available. The President moved that engineer inspect, ind if dangerous, give notice to the >wner to remove obstruction. Cr rownsend seconded. Cr Bott moved is amendment that Mr Kells be re ferred to the party that caused the ob struction, if any. Cr Crockett se :onded amendment, wnich was carried. [Cr Gilmour here took his seat.] From J. Dutdop, on behalf of eom nittee of Presbyterian Church, asking 'or a lamp at corner of Piper and Tom streets, Yarrawonga.—Decided to hold jver the matter, as funds were low and Vinter nearly past. From Hugh Dick, Cobram, in reply ;o secretary’s letter asking him to open ;wo roads in Cobram. Mr Dick stated .hat he had no road closed in that parish. There were two roads in Boo ;ey, one of which was quite useless, mcl which was fenced by his predeces sor. The other had a swing gate, and .vas not used by any person except Mr fjuinten occasionsilly. He forwarded i letter 18 months ago signed by his teighbors, stating they wished the •oads to continue as they were. R. I'udgey, who had applied for it, was lot a ratepayer, and the roads would )e of no service to him. He therefore •equested to be allowed to keep the swing gate, and the council’s sanction so the purchase of the other road. On she motion of Crs Townsend and Dwyer, it was decided to take no ac sion, as it was resolved at last meeting so keep the roads open. From Jas. Cold well, asking council so support action of meeting recently leld at Tallygaroopna and Shepparton ■e increasing Stock Tax duties. After some discussion it was decided to sup )ort the motion. From C. T. Bunnett, drawing atten ion to the nearly impassable state of i small boghole near Mrs Chambers’, Catamatite; a small sum would repair t—Engineer to report. From J. II. Gilkes, asking the re uoval of a culvert placed near his pre cises by council’s instruction. Crs )wyer and Townsend said that Mr lilkes had reason for complaint, as it in ured his business ; but it was pointed ■ iut that the culvert was in the most uitable position otherwise.—-No ac- : ion. From Land Office, Benalla, stating : he applications to abolish the Yarra- 1 ,-onga Common, and for the sale of 1 Hot. T 21b, Burramine, would be heard t Benalla on 8th September; and hat an application by J. Lewington to lose certain roads in Bundalong would e heard at Wangaratta on. 9th Sep ember. It was decided that the sec etary attend the Board to oppose the 1 pplieations. From James Salmon, Muckatah, en- 1 losing account for £1 for burning off wo trees at the request of four rate ayers, who signed the letter.—No ac- '■ ion, as such work must be duly au- ] iiorised From Shire of Numurkah, enclosing Ians, etc., of several works, and re- 1 uesting council to bear half cost. It j -as decided to request a statement of 1 joint works (a) completed, (b) in pro gress, and (c) not yet begun. From R. C. Aston, Youarang, ask ing for 40 chains clearing in Youarang. As season advanced he suggested that Connell be instructed to continue his contract to the place.—Work to be done. From J. Fell, asking for formation of gutter in Middleton street, Tunga mah,'the same being positively injuri ous to health. On the motion of the President and Cr Dwyer, it was re solved to call tenders for next meeting. From Edwin J ones, asking if J. W. Coghill was authorised to inspect slaughter yards at Lake Rowan.—The districts to be re-defined. From English and MTntyre, asking refund of deposit on contract.—It was decided that no action be taken on the motion of Crs Gilmour and Dwyer. From M. Kerr, asking repairs to street in front of his house.—Referred to engineer. From R. Chisholm, Boose}’, asking repairs to road near his house.—Engin eer to report. From C. Moore, Katamatite, asking repairs near his house.—Engineer to report. From T. Rae, stating that he had been charged for arrears of rates due by his predecessor.—Secretary to make inquiries. Repairs to a bridge .near Carver’s, Boweya, as reported on by the engineer last meeting, were ordered to be done, on the motion of Crs Townsend and Bott. In answer to a letter from the Ben alla shire received last meeting, .ask ing to assist in forming a municipal group, it was agreed to take no action. DISPUTATION HE SUU-DIVISION’. Cr Bott moved the suspension of stauding orders, to introduce a depu tation from St. James, Waggarandall, and Lake Rowan, consisting of 15 rate payers, which came to urge on the Council the necessity of forming a fourtli riding in the shire. Mr W. G. Crockett said they had been appointed at the three meetings named, to urge on the council their de sire to he formed into a soutli riding, consisting of the southern parishes of the shire. Mr Jas. Willis said that since the shire had been formed into ridings the south parishes, were unrepresented. They now came to ask for a remedy .which could only be given by granting their prayer. Mr Deagan considered the sub-divis ion absolutely necessary, it was simply a matter of justice and he hoped the council would be unanimous in grant ing their request. Mr .1. Cattlin said they only asked for fair-play, and the liberty to spend their own money. He believed thor oughly in large shires, they could afford to have better talent in discharg ing their affairs and carrying out works, but he believed at the same time in having adequate representation and this shire was too large for 3 ridings. It would simply be an act of justice in granting a fourth. Mr T. Mullins said the present di visions were right enough formerly, buo since the advent of the railway the drift of traffic had changed from north and south to east and wes:, and to suit the new state of affairs the shire should be re-divided. Mr White, Boweya, said the facts spoke for themselves. In his district they never saw their representatives and it was impossible for them to know their wants. They were unani mous on the question and the council would confer a benefit by giving them another riding. Mr Cole said it would be a great boon to southern parishes if converted into separate ridings. The traffic would be centred and the sympathies and interests of the residents more closely united. The president said the matter would be discussed in due course, and every attention given to their repre sentations. (The deputation then thanked the council and withdrew.) TENDEIIS. Tenders were dealt with as follows:— Contract 7S7.—Clearing near Cam eron’s, Peechelba. Jos. Smith, L14 17s fid.—Accepted. Contract SOS— Work on Hill Plain road. P. Dawson, LI 14 ; H. Kells, L127 ; J. Tilburn, LI 17 10s : IT. Warfe, 124 10s.—Lowr est accepted. Contract 813.—Clear ing near Russell’s, Pelluebla. L. Con nell, Lll 11s; Jos. Smith, L!) 10.— Lowest accepted. Contract 817.—: Charing near Dunn’s, Yabba. Dray ton and Parish, L77 17s ; Thos. Con nolly, L5G 4s fid ; P. Carroll, LG9 4s. Lowest accepted. Contract SIS.— Clearing near Delaney’s, Dunbulbalane. P. Carroll, L23 Is lid ; J. O’Connoll, L29 17s fid ; H. Gilbert, L29 11s fid. —Lowest accepted. Contract S19.— Clearing near Harrison’s, Nnringaning idook. H. Gilbert, L19 17s 3d ; J. W. Walsh, L28 7s Gd ; H. Little, LI 4 2s fid—Lowest accepted. Con tract 820.—Clearing near Warton’s Karrabumet. Drayton and Parish, L20 13s 4d ; Robert Black, L21.—Low est accepted. Contract 821.—Forin.u tiou near Ambrose’s, Bundalong. W. M'Kenzie, L24 ; Jas. Wilby, L22 10s.—Lowest accepted. Contract 822 —Formation near White’s, Bundalong. D. O'Meara, L29 18s ; J. Wilby, L25. —Lowest accepted. Contract 823.— Formation north and south road, Tel ford. W. Goodwin, L162 10s ; Jas. Wilby, L121 ; H. Warfe. Lowest iccepted. Contract S24—Formation sast and west road, Telford. H. Warfe, L164 13s ; Jas. Wilby, L105 ; D. O'Meara, L134, Lowest accepted. Contract 825.—Formation near Walk ir’s, Yarrawonga. D. O'Meara, L37 10s ; L34.—Lowest accepted. Con tact S26.—Formation near Allen’s. Pelluebla. Jas Wilby, L37 ; D. 3‘Meara, L40.-Lowest accepted. Con ;ract 827,—Formation near Lambert’s Saringaningalook. H. Warfe, L2G 10s ; Jas. Wilby, -L25.—Lowest ac ;epted- Contract S2S.—Underground ;ank Shire Hall, Tungamah. C. rones, L64 7s ; J. Tilburn, L47 15s ; R. Wheelhouse, L61 15s.—Too high, Iresh tenders to be called. The council then adjourned for meet ng of Water Trust. For re-assembling ;here were present the full council ex :ept Cr Hopkins. Accounts amounting to L533 6s 4d vere passed for payment. The council went into committee to ippoint Inspector of Thistles, Roads md Weights and Measures. Seven ipplications for the position were re vived, and a ballot was then taken, •vhich resulted in J. W. Coghill the log officer, being appointed. PETITIONS. From R. H. Burke and 6 others, •equesting that two lamps, be erected n Tungamah. Cr Bott said if this .vas given others would want additional amps. Cr Dwyer thought they were lot urgently required ; they could use lie money better and he would move t stand over.—Seconded by Cr Gil mour ancl carrin^^^^H From D. B. CutffH^md 30 others, asking for repairs to east and west geodetic south of Pelluebla and Tharan begga.—Received. To be considered next meeting. GENERAL BUSINESS Cr Bott moved that the engineer be instructed to make arrangements with M. Lucas, for the purchase of a piece of land in Boweya.—Seconded by Cr Gilmour and carried. Cr Bott moved that the several holes in the road near Mallows, Pel luebla, be filled in.—Seconded by Cr Hopkins and carried. Resolved, on the motion of Crs Bott and Townsend, that the engineer re j port on Brooks’ bridge, Boweya; also 1 on the Telford and Pelluebla roads, and on the road between Priestly s and | Thompson’s, Karrabumet, about 10 ! chains of which required fo.rming and J draining; also, that tenders be called 1 for the following works :•—About 2 miles clearing near Chester’s and Saun ders’, Boweya; 1 mile clearing near Bromley's and Hayes’, Pelluebla. Cr Crockett moved that the engineer report on the road near Lynchs, Yarrawonga parish, and call tenders for 4 crossings in Yarrawonga town ship. Cr Bott seconded—Carried Cr Gihnour moved that tenders be called for the following works :—1£ miles clearing from Jones’s, Yarro weyali, to Tocumwal road ; half mile from Edis’s to bridge, Dunbulbalane; 47 chains from Fraser’s to Tocumwal road, Yarrowoyah ; 20 chains forma tion from Tyer’s to Thomas’s, Na ringaningulook ; 2 chains and 1 culvert from Lynch’s to Young’s Naringan ingalook ; clearing past Yarroweyah Post Office to the west boundary. Cr Jeffrey seconded—Carried. Cr Jeffrey moved that engineer re port. on road between Yahlia ancl Ka tandra, leading to Cosgrove station, also on the road leading to Dookie North railway station. Cr Mahony se conded—Carried. Cr Hopkins moved that tenders be invited for formation between Flynn’s and Mulcahy’s, and between Carney’s and Flynn’s ; also 3 chains near Lloyd’s and Hopkins’s, Boosey. Cr Mahony seconded—Carried. TIIE PROPOSED SOUTH RIDING. Cr Dwyer, according to notice, proposed that a petition be presented to the Governor in Council, praying that an order - in - Council he made, abolishing the present sub-divisions of the shire and ro-suodividing the same into four ridings. It was not necessary to say much, but it was evident that the shire was too large for only nine representatives, and in pure justice to the south parishes they should be joined together. He would not say they did not get their rates spent there, perhaps they do, but it would be more satisfactory to. them to be represented by local men. If this motion were car ried he would afterwards move that the south parishes be formed into a new riding. He would not touch the other parishes, except Cobrarn, which properly belonged to the west riding. He had gone to some trouble in getting an approximate valuation of the dif ferent proposed ridings, which would show their respective positions: — South Riding—LIT,331 ; Eist Riding L21,31)5 ; West Riding, LI7,711 ; Central Riding, LI 5,560. It would thus bo seen that the divisions were fairly equal. The south parishes had no community of interest with the north and were always out-voted, and he was sure they would get on better all round if the motion were carried. Cr Hopkins would support the motion if Cobrarn were left in the Cen tral Riding, their interest is here and it would be an injustice if taken away ; they were not iucludedi n the Water Trust and it would cause illfeeling. He was prepared to give a South Rid ing now there Was a railway. Cr Townsend said lie was sorry he had not the ability to lay the matter properly before them, hut they could see by the deputation to-day the dis satisfaction that existed. He thought that with new blood in the council, by the addition of three members, they could manage better. It was certain that the south end had never been properly represented. The alteration would be a rain rather than a loss to the shire and no reasonable man could object to the request. The President had supported the motion four years ago and was still of the same opinion. The ridings at pre sent were too large ; their members always did their best for the south parishes, but it was natural that they wanted local representation. Cr Jeffrey had no sympathy with the motion. It was advisable to re tain the West Riding as it is. It might be necessary for the south west parishes to have a separate tiding, but Katandra and Yabba Yabba would not be willing to sever; all their interest would be with the new railway to Dookie. Cr Bott said he thoroughly supported the motion, as making an additional riding would greatly assist in allaying the agitation for severance. Federa tion was the order of the day and he did not believe in cutting up munici palities into small shires. The south parishes had not had the attention they ought, as members had not time to visit all round. By making a new riding they would concentrate the interests more effectually than by sever ance, and from this standpoint the motion was desirable, as large shires had more prestige and prosperity than small ones, where their income was frittered away in expenses. Cr Crockett recognised thejustice of the claim, but thought the time inop portune until the severance question was settled. He moved as amendment that the matter stand in abeyance until the severance question was settled. Cr Gilmour thought this question rather strengthened the severance agi tation. The Minister would say there must be a claim, and on this ground he opposed the motion. How would the liabilities of the two West riding parishes be paid in the event of sub division ? Cr Dwyer : It could not take place for twelve months, and by then they would be out of debt. Cr Jeffrey seconded the amendment. He would be surprised to see one man in the West riding in favor of sub division. He had not favored the pro posal for Katandra to annex to Shep parton Shire, but if they were forced into this south riding he would go in with the liepparton movement. Cr Mahony opposed the motion. Ka tandra and Yabba Yabba would be in a worse position than’at present; all the voting power would be in Wag garandall and St. James, where they had no interest, and therefore no sym pathy. Cr Dwyer, in reply, said he had not heard one single argument against the motion. St. James could not outvote the other parishes. Tungamali and Yarrawonga have only one member each, and never had a ghost ot a show in getting more; the last speaker’s ar gument, therefore, fell to the ground. Or Hopkins: I can’t support the motion until the mover agrees to re tain Cobrarn in the Central riding. Or Dwyer : That question is not raised yet \ the motion only affirms the principle of four ridings. The President then put the amend ment, which was carried by 5 to 4, the voting being as follows:—For the amendment, Grs Hopkins, Jeffrey, Ma hony, Gilmour, and Crockett. Against, the President, and Crs Bott, Dwyer, and Townsend. RESIGNATION OF MEMBER. Cr Dwyer’s resignation cf his seat in the Central riding was read by the sec retary. Cr Crockett said the council could not afford to lose so efficient a member at present, and moved that Cr Dwyer be asked to re-consi-ler his de cision. Cr Bott seconded the motion. He had sat with Cr Dwyer for years, and although they had had differences, and he could not agree with everything he did, still he considered on the whole he was one of the best council lors in the shire, and would like to see him retain his scat. The President endorsed the remarks, end considered Cr Dwyer would be iiard to replace. Cr Dwyer, on being pressed, said it seemed hard to refuse, although he had made up his mind on the matter ; but if it were the unanimous wish of the council, it would be churlish on his part to go against it, and he would therefore withdraw his resignation. (Applause.) The council then adjourned. 