rpHE DOOTliliNE Ul1' THE HOLY A TRINITY. ' By Ret. CANON WILBEItFORCE, M.A. Everyone is probably nivnrc thnt the srorl "Trlnlly ' is not in tho lllble, anil Is therefore not ot Scriptural obligation, neither does tho word occur In the Apostle.' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, tho Ten Commandments, or the Church Catechism ; It is not, therefore, obllpitory- ns a definition upon the laity at nil. Nevertheless, ns tho word conveys mi effective description of. the truth underlylns It, nnd Is sanctioned hy hallowed custom, no Christian need quarrel vrltli it so long ns It Is not used to embitter controversy or condemn others. Calvin has snld thnt ho wns willing that the name "Tilnlty " should he hurled and forgotten If only, this could bo the accepted fulili of n'l, tho Father, Son and Holy Sphit, each distinguished by a peculiar property arc one God. I am not dctlroua of entering into metaphysical or theological subtleties, but I must pause for n moment 3ii that expression "one God." "Hear, O Israel,' said Jesus when challenged to lay down tho fonndntloc- stone of the faith. "Hear, 0 Israel, tho: Lord Onr God Is Olio Lord." Whatever tho Trinity does mean, U assur. dly does not mean that there arc tlirce. Gods; neither does It mean that there ere three persons to the senso In which wo. use tho term person,. Augusltuo, the ncutest nnd profoundest theologian ofithel Catholic Church, wnrtnly repudiates the use of the ;word 'person." lie says It leads. ui to think. of Jruthor, Son, nnd Spirit as mechanically distinct instead of llvhiRly Interpenetrating ono another. Meverthuloss, unless thcro is plurality of c.-vlitenco In ho Gpdhena wo cannot properly speak of It as a unity. Lnlt la tho harmonious-action of one or mora subsistences « unity Is not unity, if- Is thorotorowe who- believe the liluinllty ot tho Godhead, nnd who believe In that plur ality 111 unity, who are tiro true Unitarians. ... Consistent, slroplo. and sublime as Is doctrine -of- to day. nothing Is much easier than for the critical reason with closed spiritual. eye to thrust upon It -any num ber of dlftlcultlcs.- " Sometimes arithmetic, meclmn.es, science and common sense are Invoked to prove to us the sbsurdlty cf our belief hi n Tlirccness In Unity. Sccli opponents may be challenged to ciplsln how -the tree thnt shelters them comes ont of the seed blown from the finger's end before they mako their comprcbcntlon tho criterion of tho reiitles of God, o thev cut be informed Ihst mathomattcs and physical science have been busily proving, that ''tbrceness In unity" is not theological absurdity hut a recognised feet ontong tho phenomena ol Nature. 01 this It would bo easy to.glvo you numerous Illustrations. Take the researches ol FrofessorTynUall, which afford nn analogy 1" rolnt ; ho has dlicovercd hy a series o. eiMilments with tiro spectrum thatan Intensely heated body emits' at tiro same time three rays, producing entirely different results, whilst this trinity of rays fnrrn such a unity as to bo inseparable. Thoic Is first tiro "heat ray," whlch.ls felt but not seen; those Is, secondly,' tho "light ray," which Is soon but not foil I ; there Is, thirdly, tho : actinic roy, uhlc.t s nsdihu felt r.or seen, hut which Is. only Known by its effects, such as Its chcmlcarncllon in thc operations of photo graphy; these are all one, all lit. an Inseparable ""''I; and yet not one Is tho. other, nnd not one can exist cxccptlnconjunetlonwl.lt tho others. Is not this o fototand far off echo to Nature d The masnlflccnl itrnth which lias harmonised thc Iiisngioii, tiro Tlisico Holy" ot believing millions? The lather felt List irot seen, " No man iroth seen God nt any time. The Son, the light ray. " 1 nns tho Light of thc world, seen but not felt, not touched except hy tiro loach of faith —'though tho multitude thronged lllin. Tho Holy Gho.-t, neither felt nor seen, but known by His effects in . conversion, renewal, and snncUficatlon; sensitising the heart of man to receive tho photograph of its God when tho Light of ho vror d Is mured Into It. Thus oven a superficial study of tiro n d rcsenrcn have changed tho po.slblo Into the pro- bnble. and are rapidly changing tho probable luto tho IxMjs'turn our thoughts for moment to the helpful ml the ctffical consequonces of tlio doctrine of tho Trinity. " It I strive to open my mind to think about God I'must needs become bewildered, In tho depth of IBs absolute Infinitude which i\o undcretandhig cau fathom. Ho cannot lio less than Infinite or llo would not be Cod. But Ho would havo mo know Him, and the proper Itttclkctual conception of ! tho ' l»"0 notlty of an Itifloito being is Impossible. hat» then, wonld bo more Ukely than that Ho should manifest himself to Ills children In a personal character ; and hi Jesus tho believing heart knows by a conviction beyond 11 Sale that It has God both Infinite and a person. V la Hlra dwclloth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily ; " 1 " He that hath seen Me bath icen the baiher, and "ll5' .ro '<> Ve expected than that visible presence ot uod should be once more taken into thc Invisible to return amongst us a? the Pentecostal spirit of Jesus, to enwrap with, all the power and love of Uod the spirit5. ?.nd toaitiS ot lll0S- whom He h:u drawn unto iiimsolf. So St. l'atil's benediction enfolds us like a ganucnt of love. "Tho grace of our Lord Jesus h? ; a, Il0n? Is tl,e declaration of thc new stand ing of whole race in Christ, the second Adam, it is lore Inaction. Thc "love of God," hero Is the ebftwetet of God— tho great, the absolute, thc nil-pervading love, Illimitable, unchanging, wnltlng like a river. to be plunged Into— love In origin. "The communion or fellowship of the Holy Ghost," hero Is im of Divine iutorpcnctratlon, thc secret Divine Inspiring presence, lore in contact and in eternal procession. How much of our happiness, progress, pracc of mind depends upon thai precept so dear to our hearts, often so alien to our experience, " Abide in Mc." There 1? ? c,0,n,"UIlY« 00 uidnterruptcdness about that word "ie.! makes as long so intensely to realise it more fully. Now, abiding is obviously not obtainable by mere tenacity of grip or fixity of purpose; the dual nature of man Is too powerful a factor la us all, even regeneration, to ensnre us a continuous abiding In Christ by tho forco of our own will; but in propor tion as wo keep the whole being open towards tho Influences of thc iluly Spirit we abide in Chslsfc. There Is no element in Nature analysed by modern dis coveries which more convloc'nuly brings home to my ?»TF ??d hidden but powerful operations of tuo lloly Spirit than thc working of electricity; we cannot adequately name iter tauulatc It; it is known to do solely as a power whose presence is indicated by Its effects, and thc laws of whose working constitute for us its definition ; as an object of sense it is utterly unknown to us. It is just thus with this spirit ; it is a force, potent and subtle, as evident in its results in the spiritual world ns electricity In thc material world. Now you may see in an electrician's labo- . tory a heavy mass of Iron, abiding in, hanging on to', another moss; it Is not welded, or linked, or riveted, and yet its whole natural tendency to fall away is counteracted, and it adheres with such tenacity that tho weight of a duzen men would not moTe it. What is tho secret? A wire charged with an electric cur rent is iu contact with tho mass, nnd henco its adhesion'; sever that wire, detach it but a hair's breadth, mcdHc with Its insulation, and the iron mass will drop as n dead weight to the ground. U blossod truth for such as will receive It 1 A stream of influenco, from tho Holy. Spirit brought con tinuously into contact with my hard Ron heart shall keep It cleaving to the Lord Jesus Christ to whom it belongs by creation, purchase and obligation, so finnly thut no power on earth or from below can wrench the two asunder, and this not by altering its nature, or by artificially . welding the two together, but by con tinuously counteracting its tendency to fulL Praise \- Him ; in this ease it is no external power, It Is 11. s bpirit, the Holy . Spirit that procecdeth from the Father and the Son'.' X see, then, " abiding la Christ" .will not lea tremendous restless struggle to hold on, it will be a cautious watchful preservation of thc influences of the Spirit; It will bo what the apostle calls "walking in the Spirit:" It will be keeping thc spiritual side of -the character needfully open towards Goa's voice and influ ence; it will be n sensitive aupet vision of the book we read, tho thoughts we think,- thc.words we speak, the recreations we punnir, the work we do; it will prompt tho self question "If 1 give this angry answer, ill reply to such and such a letter, according to Its meri a, if I argue upon this political problem solely upon the grounds of Intellect and flesh, shall I not grieve the spirit, the holy loving teacher nnd guide within?" This is not a morbid, neighbor judging, puritanical, " con demning every thing as wrong," but a quiet, gentle, sure commumon with thc Spirit in all thut Is. done. Do I know any that arc thus abiding? Yes, I know aome; but I know more who see it as their Ideal, and who hunger and thirst after It; and to us the message clearly Is— "Grieve not tho Jloiy-Splrit ol God whereby ye aro sealed unto the day ot redemption. Let' all bitterness and wrath, and angcr and clamor, and rail ing bo put away from you ; and bo ye kind one to another, tender hearted, forgiving each other even us God also in Christ forgave you."— From "Southern Cross." Publications. 