Chapter xh.— Hamlet. Mr. Garrick was acting Hamlet that night in powder and court dress, facing the infinite in a periwig and treading the great globe of life in paste shoebuckles. There was something mag netic in the niglit ; misty as it was, with vapours enclosing the theatre and creeping in from outer door-ways and veiling the brilliant charms of the ladies present ; the rouge oa their checks, the pretty crimsoned lips. Then the great play itself seemed to spread and spread and drive out all other impressions. It was not enly on the stage that it uas being acted. The play seemed to grow and grow, to be come the life of those human beings all assem bled there ; they were come together to see a play, M laugh at one another and make signs and to admire and criticise, !-ut they remained to listen to iha secrets of their lives unfolded. ? Garrick's faithful adorer. Miss Hannah More, sat palpitating in a box by Mrs. Garrick's side. Zucchi was in the pit : he knr.v none of the people ; it bad suddenly occurred to him to come too, and there he waited ia his place, looking for one face which had not yet ap peared. In a stage -box sat the shabby and noble figure of a man, with a seamed and benevolent countenance, and by his side an intelligent little ferrelty psrson, peaping forward to get a better view of the audience. 'They're come, sir,' he said, 'the whole party ; they have secured two excellent licxes. There U Mr. Reynolds and Fuseli, and there is the fair observed of all observers. Mr. Rev noi-as nas noi inviiea ine 10 sup wiin mm io night. I hear he is giving a great festivity ; you, of course, are privileged.' ' There is no privilege, sir, in being admit ted to a house where friendship has established a right of way,' said the big, shabby man. ' But to-night I shall refrain ; Mr. Reynolds is not unbiassed by the transient influence of those inferior to hioi in intellect. Miss is fai more reliable, she would make my tea undis turbed by any circumstances.' Mr. Boswell was craning to get a good view cf the 'transient influences' now surrounding Mr. Reynolds. Lovely, smiling, splendid Lady W. had nerer looked more stately and beautiful than she did that night. Her charms seemed diffused somehow, she and Angelica were opposite to each other, like two mirrors reflecting one another. A summer, a spring blooming in brightness, their fans waved, the flowers seemed to fill the box. Even Lady Diana looked her best. Mr. Boswell then discovered that Miss Angel was peeping at Dr. Johnson, also that Dr. Burney and bis daughters were in another part of the theatre. ' Mrs. Thrale should not have been absent on such a night as this,' he re marked. The play began, and Mr. Boswell was silent. In great acting there is some subtle measure impossible to describe, time passing in a certain harmony, and that night, when Ham let stood upon the stage, a mysterious intelli gence not to lie explained seemed certainly, and at ence, to flash between him and his audience. The plain, commonplace-looking man became instantly, and without effort, the master of all these splendid people who were watching him. It was as if he were the pulse that flowed through their veins. This hour. was his own, as this mood was his, to which he gave the note, the time, the life almost. How nobly he stands listening, while the poor Ghost moans its awful plaint ! Hamlet's beautiful voice seemed to strike home to every heart when he answered in clear tranquil tones. Then rise passion and remorse, and woes thicken as the play goes on, and the notes come full and dull with passion, and the words seem to break bounds and jar and clang . . . Is the noble prince maddened as he turns in heart scorn, rending .-jid railing at ail those he has loved and trusted hitherto ? Through this storm of shaken life comes white Ophelia, wandering, with her pale and tender fcwc _tli. A lutii^iu.i rtMi iv,i aciitijj in.u iii^iii, j juc ;i yziaz actress kviuie au?r siai^icity and i isvj^Lnjii UJcueJ thrill all. I '* I viii Jovtr yoa oace,' siii If aralet. j *' In l&i;'i, my lorJ, y.'iu made me b;:ievj j so,' says Ophsiia. ' j 'Git lh;^ l'j a na-i.i-iry,' hi ctiii remors;- j teii y, wirriid fir \t:--a i in- ;ii ul of !?».-.?, *»jt | lcA.i-.-r riiii, even ia i:ik m j.:» : is, -.vilr iii v.-r- j vi:i^ lijils nature is sjJ.is:ily li.'-'J^'i: t:- lac j tils: «.::i.iile tralii, ai it liesbst-.Vi.Mi:i: a \\\i-\', \ ia^ii:i'j:c. | T.io iCi.i;: wa; sj tep.ck-r, s i i iix;»re^i -.!-? s-..i J and tl-rspi'.ri.ij, u riii.r.1 ail t:)c :v.i Uj:jjj om j of ihiilr ;-.-j:iy c'm;-:.- a.i i ra:k:t_o! s.i-itf- i 1,:}X2j. fll --i 11 I i-l -'« l»af-i i.li-J i^ilS. Wli j S!»Jiigr--i'- !'v:ru.^ j a --^ -'.»--..» .ill .i ^ an I sp-ak:.-' L/ ii)i iiJ i«i'!i '»! U»;- iiit'o U ivi.! agai'ir .. , .... It was a. rjito; l-j evviry :m ar.i-M fc-viy-iay c-i:n^i i-i -»'!?--: mx- .ia.l ih; players Ui^traoL ths jmeJ o ).il aa.i '.sring iii:a lia^K drai hjjr into c:.n.n - i wirU a-.vt -1 dly lit j. 'Mr. Git-rick ojiJjjs iiiai;;!;* I - ui^'it,' said Mr. Ujsweii. 'Si*,' slid ai-i lUiOr, ' ?k'oa mill th it Girrick o-juIjjs y.ur P-^ nicivcJ -)(.i .i.j.i .?! his pjv-Ti H: ins pMyrM i\U ful null mitvory. H: 'n a».rjJ KtiiAleruf.i.:u-r iu-.«'j wards.' lijl w!ie-i M'. Rey.wl-U cinii i.»t.» :h; b:,x presently ats-.l mi-3; sj:iu s'.i^'it o'lj^cii-.i i t«i a detail ia* II liii'.^l'a perf:ir3iaiici, tus u!J mm rose u;- in wrath. Mr. R^yaoMs did not stay to argui tlie matter; hi Uas left a record of soaie saoh dialogue -vith his old frion I. He was iu haste to return lo his companions. It was not only Miss Hannah More whas: then yotitbfa! tears flowed that evening. F--r little Angelica the doom of the inevitable seemed to strike almost for the first. The knsll snunded in her ears. j-Jor Oiihelia's story denied so unutterably sad. now couia ns leave her ?' she said ; ' oh, how could he leave her?' and she turned to Mr. Reynolds ani then langheJ and trieJ to wipe away her tears. 'I am ashamed,' she sobb;J, all confused. ' Might I he permitted to retire to thi bad: of the box ?' Siie moved her chair as she spake. Both Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Fass'i caaie forward together and each on cither side hsld out a hand to assist her. Angelica half-laughed Again, and looked fcoai one to the other gaily through her passing tears ; then she put nut her two little hands and raised herself with the help of both the gentlemen. Some one in the pit, who had teen looking on, turned very pale and r.iiile a furious in dignant movement. ' How angry that man looks,' said a casua; spectator to his companion. ' Is he not a countryman of yours, Mr. Cipriani ?' ' My countrymen are apt to look angry whca_ they are vexed,' said Mr. Cipriani. He was' a dark-eyed man with a long nose and a brown face fuU of refinement and intelligence. *? Your countrymen take life more calmly, Mr. Nollekens,' he added, laughingly. ' That man is fr.i-.vni.ig ai Mrs. Kaufimanu up among her line birds. My heart, bow sin- seems to ba carrying 'n with Mr. Rey nolds !' sai-.l Mr. Nolleken'!. ' She is of a gay and innocent temper, and thinks not of evil tongues.' saitl Mr. Cipriani kindly ; ' she has real talentj she brough: me some drawings yesterday.' 