The Sensitive Servant. We have had servants'of ’ nil kinds— honest, dishonest, sober, tippling, good-na tnred, ill-tempered, Irish, JUerman, black, white, polite, impudent, industrions, lazy, old, young, and red-hoadsd. Somo com menced well, and ended bailly ; others com menced badly and grew- better as they wont along, But each and every one knew how to run the place better than we did, until we began to regard them ak the real heads of the house, and generally kopt on our guard lest we should olTond them. The humors of these creatures are amus Wo had one girl who put oheeso and but ter on a dry, dusty shelf, and mashed potatoes on a rusty tray, When she was leaving the dining-room with the ohina, she invariably piled more dishes on her arm.than she could safely carry, and on her way out would sot a few down on the sofa or. mantel-piebe until she re turned. | Another girl was very fond of the bull-pup, and undertook to raise itl When the pup was half the Bize of a calf,' Bhe .would carry him up and down-staira in her arms, and when her work was done at night, she would ait in the kitaheh in a rocking-chair, take the dog on her lap, and sing lullabieB to him until he fell asleep. The dog’s bed consisted of a soap-box, with a peice of ootagonal grating placed over it, and held down by a flat-iron to keep the dog in, But the dog used to squeeze through any of the ootagonal apertures. The servant learned how to keep him in. Ho could only squeeze through when empty, so sho always kept’him so full that he looked-like a balloon, and was as hard as a rock. Bht snddenly the. girl took a dislike to the pup, and would have nothing more to do with him. One night she didn't feed himjenough and he wriggled but and devoured hot She was a very sensitive girl. If you told her she did anything wrong, she would fell yon she always did it that way, and you would have to apologise, and tell | her she was right, for'fear she would beoomo milled and leave, . , . ■■ j ' If yon wanted.your steak broiled, and she saw fit to fry it, ybh would get it fried. She . usually cooked-the egg* hard, and served fish and ohiokenrake.'. She’ *ra* an awful cook, andooat us on an average, Sye shillings a and coat ns on an overage, dv week forindigestion'medioioe. The dog would take Nothing from her hand. He would turn away, and go next door and/work the rubbish barrel. Wo oonld leave him.in the kitoben with turkoy or beef in the oven, and the dog would never touoh it. ' The only way ho oonld bo induced to oat what she oooked waa not to let him seo her touch it. So we kept him tied just outside the .window, beside which, wo sat at table. When the cook brought anything.in that we couldn’t eat, we poured it into the firo if it waa a liquid, and threw it out to the dog if it was meat,. Frequently the girl came in, smiled with delight to see the platter almost empty, and think her onlinary ’art had been so'.keenly appreciated. ■ Bat she little dreamed that at the very moment she waa arrayed in the amile of triumph the poor dog woe outside writhing with peritonitis. The dog had digested the oow-hide shoes as though they had been tuberoses finally yielded up the ghost; for the girl had oooked nisgoose. The dog having died, we had to dismiss the girl, for we knew that we could only stand heroooklng on the Desert of Sahara, where we could moor an ostrish outside the window, or in Venice, where; we could havo a private shark chained lu the oanal just beneath the verandah. 