Tuesday, August 16, 1887. The enquiry of the select committee into the practice of medicine and surgery in this colony has brought forth some strange revelations. The examination of self I appointed medical practitioners has de veloped some whimsical comicalities, and disclosed a most lamentably ignorant state f of affairs generally. We are introduced ! to medical anatomists who have experi mented upon animals; to corporation labourers who, at one mighty bound, have attained medical celebrity ; to clair voyants, whose description of their method of healing is still one of the mysteries of Isis; to quacks of all descriptions, who have made colossal fortunes, and fattened. , upon the credulity of the public. While a gullible race of people exists, there will be found no lack of decoy ducks in every shape and form. Such have been since our earliest history, and such will con tinue to all future time, unless the efforts of committees of enquiry prove successful in dragging forth the giant Humbug to the light of day, and exposiug his true repulsive hideousness. The drugs and nostrums vended by the quacks of the present day, are each and all supposed to be a panacea for every ill, and, like that celebrated elixir of life sought for in the middle ages, so eagerly, are regarded as sovereign remedies by the weak, the hy pochondriacal, and the ignorant. In such manner did our former alchemists search for that mythical philosophers' stone, and the Rosicrucians profess to havediscovered the true elixir of life. History and nar rative teem with professed cures for all manners of evils, and from that delight fully mysterious East were procured the latest charms and simples which shonld renew life even at the last gasp. Safadjn restoring to life Coeur de Lion with his j fabled elixir, leeches of all descriptions performing apparently miraculous cures in the eyes of the ignorant, quack doctors and jugglers combined, visiting village after village and reaping a golden harvest, kings as superstitious as their subject®, ■ touching unfortunates afflicted with the | king's evil; philosophers gravely record- i ing how often their noses bled or noting j down some ridiculous dream ; even that j mixture of incredulity and scepticism the renowned Samuel Johnson turning out' for a ghost hunt near Cock-lane, or re ligiously touching a certain post as he j passed it, are a few instances of how even < strong minds may have been influenced ' by idle superstition. The air of profound mystery which surrounded the leech of former days, who bled upon every possible opportunity, and for every conceivable disorder, still hangs darkly over the Escu lapians of these later days, and especially over the army of quacks, whose sanctums, although not fearfully adorned with stuffed alligators and magic mirrors, yet magnetise a large section of a too confid- j ing public. The hypochondriac rushes j frantically from one professed cure to j another, till enfeebled and exhausted he I falls a victim to the numerous charlatans ] who prey upon society. We trust the J efforts of the committee of enquiry will ' sweep away a lot of the medical impostors who now benefit by a credulous and con fiding public, and will subject all doubtful cases to a rigid test. We may then rea sonably hope that this colony will gain by attracting to its shores the best medical talent in the world, while protection will justly be afforded the present practition- I ers who have won their spui® of honor. j 