A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT. (KABUVILLB AMKlllOAN.) There ia nothing in Tennessee, or intno South, whose antiquity ie bo mysterious and entirely beyond the domain of deoont specu lation oa tbe old Btouo fort, which is a mtlo and a half below the town of Manchester! The two prongs of Dnck River oome within, say. 200 yards of each other, and then widM out, making a territory ol pernap i.vsju acres iu the forks of the river, and below tho Narrows. At tho NarrowB the fort com mences by a Btono wall, now covered with earth, running from one nvor to the other, and ttiere tho walla are bailt atong the banks of both rivers down to a point wherOft -canal bnd boon cut from one river to the otber;. there a wall is made from one nver_t» tbfi other, perhaps a quarter of a mile. - On . the ontside of thiB woll IB a hollow, end in this bollow is tho Bign of tho canal or cut evidently intended to protect the fort by both tho wall and the canal. From the upper to the lower woll, at places, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever this bluff— preclpitous-is found there Ie no woll, but wherever there in no natural barrier tnn wuIUb built, Tho entrance to the fort wag at the upper end, and the gateway.! abow fthat the builders were doing their woric intelligently. Tbe entrance 1b by a narrow poaiway, with walln on either aide, -end offsetB bo as to provent the enemy on tbe ontside from having a direct entrance for themselves, and so ob to protect those on tbo inside from missiles on the outside, ine. fort contains forty-eevon acres, and IB, or was, when tho writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the treoa ol large bizo growing on top of the walla. Colonel Sam Murray, who Bottled th®ra about 1808, cut one:of the tieeB from tho top of the wall and found it to be about BOO yeara old. One mile up the river from tho fort ie an immense mound— the largest one perhaps in tho country-making it pro hahle that tho fort was bailt by tho mound builders. Beyond this nobody know® any thing about it. Colonel Murray, who wa a - man of high intelligence, claimed to ( havo conferred with the Indiana of different tribes, but none of tbem could give hlm any account of it, eithor by tradition or othor- wise. This fort is one of tho many evidences that in this country, at some remote P0''"8- there woe a race of people of more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlors found. . From the time of the first settlement ot tho country there were ghost etem' m-o'ed with the old stono fort, whioh about 1834 cnlminated in a moat romorkablo epi sode In 1833, six gentleman, men of bign standing, who lived in tho Mnrfreesboroagh, went ont in the neighbourhood of the old fort to have a fox liunt. The coantrywas thinly settled, and there were many deer. After having camped bnt for eoveral d"7B> one night they saw strange eighte, which caused thorn to loavo next dsy. 'They were not communicotive, bnt the Btory got cut nnd was mnoh talked of. Tbo next Fair the same eix gentlemen, with nine others, went hack and camped upon the same Bpot. IB was said that they wore qaite anxious to see the earns eights that had been seen before. ... But a week passed, and they saw nothing, though tbey were qmto successful In killing '''a'" the end ol about a week a man named Latimer got two small bogs in the neighbour, hood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to see how they would stand » strange nnisa. It wae in the Fall, a Tbe hunters had a big fire and were in a great glee. For three houra the dumb bull was made to work from different P"'"'8 in Jh® woods at a sole distance. At first the huntera were disposed to langh, then they got qniet, finally they commenced shooting. Manr gnus were fired. This was kept np nntil the man and two boys left, h.?a9 ' ahbnt midnight. Between midnight and day tho whole fifteen men left tho camp, leaving their meat and other things, nnd w?ne to a fnrmhouse, the house where the two boys who had been in the mischief were sleeping. Next morning the hunters told wonderful storioa about what they saw, how it came close up to the fire, and bow imper vious it was to their bulletB, how it changed about from en animal to a woman, ana' what It would soy. Tbe two boys were ae still as mice, for they bad «to!en off from their father by the persoceionof Litimer, who waa himself a hunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. . The filteen men left that morning and went beck to Mnrfreeaboiough to verify and , make aood the ghost story of the year before. . The story got Into the nowipaper and wae- tho biggest seneaiion that hod turned np re many years. But It got out that a hmjter - and two boy hd scared them woy. InlB was denied, and the ghost theory w»l main- talned with beroio verity. This knighthood service In the land ot . ghosts look place fifty-threo years ago. AU lbs paricipants are dead but oneof the hoys, who lives to write thi etory ud to venfy lie truth. 