Reminiscences of My Visit to Ireland. ? » ? : ? TBy A. B.] No. 1. Tlie picturesque river Cnllcn traverses tlio country about n mile north of Armagh. It takes its rise about bis milea above the City, near the handsome town of Kendy. It is supplied from three beautiful lnkes — the largest of which is of considerable dimen sions— and £is augmented by numerous tributaries 111 its descent from the mountains. Following the tortuous con rso of the stream until it joins the Ulnck water nt CharlcniouS the distance traveisod is probably not less than 14 miles, but in a direct line nut more than nine miles. Tho river takes some extraordinary windings in its course j this, however, is an advantage rather than otherwise, for on its banks are erected forty mills or factories which give constant employment to many thousands of poor persons, As I proceeded along the Calicn's lovely banks fresh scenes were always bursting upon my notice. Thero would bo a stretch of cultivated un dulating hills, dottel with comfortable homesteads ; expanding meadows with waving grass ; caltlo and sheep grazing peacefully on the moss;1 green hill sides — just lot out from their winter habitation ; and over and anon the seething and bubbling of the wnter-shoots, and hissing of steam from the various factories, showing signs of life and industry all around. As we crossed the old Dublin road and turning a sharp high bend covered with a dense forest of lofty trees with thickly entwining under growth, we were surprised more than usual by the sight that burst phantom-like upon us. It was another mill. But what a monstrous majestic monument of thrift nnd industry ! What beauties of architecture I What hundreds of windows with tho bright sun's rays dancing in dazling brilliancy upon them 1 What massivo buttressed walls 1 Wlmt a towering, noble chimney I with its dense volumes of smoke issuing from its summit and mingling with the ''skies,' and, above all, what a beautifully coloured broad roof, resembling the azure vault of heaven. As we pause for a few moments surveying with feelings of admiration, the magnitude and ? splendour of the edifice before us, we wore aroused by the loud ringing of a huge bell, and immediately there appeared issuing from the great broad portal hundreds of workers, many of whom, especially the younger ones, went skipping and frolicking over the green tin f, round the bend, towards the City, for their mid.day meal — like merry-hearted children just let loose from School. And now we began to realize the fact that though lovely scenes, such as wo had been all the morning viewing, may fill tlio soulj the senses and the im magiuation, they do not in the least tend to rill or satisfy the requirements of the 'inner man.' So wo at once made our way to the hostelry of Folix O'Hanlon, where — from previous experience — we know a good, well-served meal eould bo had. After dinner we wcro informed by the genial host that we could liavoa 'real comfortable jaunting car, a speedy nag, and a driver, whose knowledge of tho country round about could not be equalled in theso latitudes.' Wo litorally jumped at his proposals, and informed him without hesitation that we were ready and willing to start almost immediately. Our host at once proceeded to the window, and thrusting his head out blew a shrill whistle. This was soon answered from the opposite side of tho Square, J where was a large posting establishment There was a messenger sent over to receive the order and ho came so quickly that our host could not have been on the second landinc coinc down stairs whon we perceived from the window that tho boy wns en tering the bar-door below. The boy was soon making headway across the Square again, but ho was called back, and we distinctly heard these words addressed to him . ' What did I tell you ! ' ' Please, Sor, you tould mo to tetl Jlr. O'Klahorty to send you ovortle aisy ear, sprightly Jerry, and driver Mick McArdle.' That's right ; be quick ! ' Tho enr was soon at tho Inn door, and as we pace tho pavement fora few moments previous to taking our seats, we hear Boniface and Jehu in deep con versation ; and we could not help hearing some aentonces that were spoken — such as : ' Be very careful, Mick.' ' Give all the information you can about the road you travel on.' ' Tho party will be inquisitive, coming from a foreign part,' ' Arm, didn't I know that I ' ' Be careful, now.' ' Indeed will II' Mick mounts bis seat and we are all soon rolling along the pretty country road— soon over Cnllcn Hill, and naught is seon of tho city behind, but the tall Cathedinl spires. We pass tho ' big mill ' again, and as we cross the Gallon Bridge our guide informs us that the mill in question is tho largest in the country, has 800 windows, is 10 stories high, employs (iOO hands, and was built by an enterprising resident oE tho district of Armagh, nt an enormous cost. Tho mill, or factory, is constantly nt work, and in tho winter time ' it is a sight,' our guide in formed us, ' to see this gront building with all its windows throwing forth volumes of streaming light upon the river and hillside.' As it is lighted by electricity, it will bo well understood that it would naturally form a grand and conspicuous .object to all beholders after dark. After crossing the bridge beforo named, our guido, pointing to a simple mound on tho river's brink, in formed us that it was tho grave of one of Irelnnd's heroic Kings. ' What King might that hnvo been ( ' I asked, ' Niall,' was the renlv. ' He wor marching towards Black water, followod by his nrmy. llo told one o£ his men to try tho ford j the waters were high at tho time, and there wor no stoue bridge there then, Sor. The soldier nnd horse wero both drowned, nnd tho brave Kiiig rode up to try and savo his man— as nbno of his comrndes would venthcr — but tho bunk was undermined by tho foorco of tho rushing wathors, and it gave way without warnin', precipitating rldor nnd horse into tlio nngi'y wators, anil thore, so ' — pointing bnek to tho mound — ' tlioy nil lie in tho solemn silonco of death I 'So Ireland's brave and magnanimous King wns drowned in that quiet, pellucid stream we have just crossed I ' ' Yes, but it wor anything but quiet at that time — thoy wore running desperate indeed.' Mick gave mo tho history of this malan choly affair with as much warmth as would lead one to bolicvo ho had boon an oyo. witness, But as wo road in tho ' Annals of tho Four Mnstora,' thnt Ninl was drowned in tho Kivor Cnllcn near Armagh in 8W,' it cannot bo posslblo thnt Mick was living then. \Yo had not proooodod far on our journey whon I found wo woro tmvolling over anoiont battlefields and our garrulous guido gave tho history of all and sundry of the bloody contosts and glorious victories that ' mado this auoh n far-famod road.' Wo passod by mnny Una (arms with ohooriul look ing whitowushed houses, quaint old villages, piotiu esquo churches, with the old lashionod manor housb peering out through the thick foliage which sur rounds it. Sprightly Jerry trotted swiftly along the smooth, well-kept road fringed with neat hedge rows, and covered with sweet snowy bloom. What a delicious ride 1 In this field are. the sleek cattle enjoying themselves in the luxuriant clover that has sprung up with mushroom growth since the approach of summer. In that Held beyond are some snowy white sheep with their tender lambs sporting round theml on the other hand nuraeroufe fields ot blooming potatoes ; while ever and anon the meadows are be spangled with daisies and other spring flowers of countless hues and varieties. Then we pass another hill covered with the lovely furze in full bloom, like a mantle of gold. Our guide 'noticed us at one time intently watching the beautiful landscape, and he broke tho silenco once more by asking ' looking at crooked orchard, Sor ?' After looking round us in every direction we had to confress that we eould not see any crooked orchard. However, he at once relieved us by pointing to a few apple and pear trees which stood alone, unprotected by hedge or fence of any description. 'That' said our guide 'is the crooked orchard. There used to be a fine orchard there, but an evil spirit took up_ his abode thore and terrified all who passed by at night. The ghost be came so troublesome that the people went in a body to interview good Fathor 0— ; — . So the priest arranged to be there that night at 12 o'clook. True to bis word he was there, and as he entered the old orchard he stood for a minute and exclaimed ' Beutohen I ' Beutohen I I smell him now !' ' The Holy Father' resumed Miok, ' took a bottle from his coat, and in a load voice commanded the spirit to deposit himself therein, which it did, and the priest put bottle and contents in a bole which was dug for the purpose and gave utterance to these solemn and eloquent words, ' Remain there for ever 1' The story was just concluded when our car rum bled over an ancient stone bridge, whose fjrey walla were crumbling from age. Looking a query at our guide, he, as if in answer to our - thoughts, said ' That is Bagnall's Bridge, where Sir Henry Bagnoll the English General, was killed, and died in a desper ate encounter with the great O'Neill, and them banks were raised for war purposes. Ah, Sor 1 HughO'Ntil was a wonderful man.' ' Yes,' I answered Who has not hcard.lvhile Erin ret, Strove 'crainst the Saxons iron bit— Who hns not heard how brave O'Neill In English blood imbrued his steel. A&ainst; St. George's Cross blnzed high, The banners of his Tnnistry To flcry Essex giivo the foil And reigned a prince in Ulster soil 1 But chief arose his victor pride When that brave Jlnrslml fought and died, And Owen Duff to Ocean boro Her billows red -with Saxon gore. 11 Thrue for you, Sor I Thruo for you !', exclaimed Mick excitedly ; anil he continued shouting and gesticulating in uproarious merriment till we were in sight of the dim-looking roofs of Blackwatertown. We baited in full view of tho river on whose banks tho town is built. To right and left of us is the fine sheet o£ water called the Ulster Canal, with its many fine-arched bridges. On either side the Canal, and along the river banks is a wide expanse of rich meadow land. To our left is an old stone wall al most hid from view with the ivy's tendrils, and en closed by which is a fine orchard ; and beyond a prettily- wooded slope where stands the comfortable homestead of ' Broadmeadows.' We make our way through a narrow lane almost arched ovor with the dense growth of foliage. As wo reach the garden gate, and pause, we hear Jerry's feet rattling over the hard stones towards Armagh, and Mick singing us merrv as the little birds'that are warblinc in the bushes around us. Daylight was fast giving place to the solemn shadeB of night ; but as I walked down the gravel paths there was sufficient light remaining to enable me to see the well-kept flower-beds on either side, and the odoriferous' pinks and lavender that bordered the 'walks which led to the door, on entering which we found a cheerful fire, a cheerful repast, and cheerful friends awaiting us. I was, much pleased with my trip, and that night visions of warriors in battlo array passed, boforo my mental eyes in my dreams, mingled with tho un wonted and queer sensations of my first rido in a real jaunting ear. It is stated that the South Australian Opposition have a majority of eight. This will be proved or otherwise when the want of confidence motion is put to the house. Trade is reviving in Tasmania. John Kgge, Chinese merohant of Wentworth, was made to pay £10 poll-tax by tho South Australian authorities ; tut tho amount has been refunded to him by shilling subscriptions. Id the vice-regal speech in connection with tho opening of the Victorian Parliament, the Governor said, ' The year would have boon without a cloud if a terrible railway disaster had not brought suffering or sorrow home to all of us.' Diehard Youlig, the oetor, who visited Australia with G. V. Brooke, is dead' The hon. secretary to tho Local Option League (Mr. Knapp) has called the attention of the Minister of Justice to the working of private bars in Sydney. Mr. Clarke said he would aall for a report from the police on the. subject. The Government Intends to reduce the number ot schools attendance ofiloers from 52 to 25. A oomnleto reoraanisation of the Denartment o Justice will be shortly instituted by the Government. The Railway Department consume 360,901 gallons ol oil por annum. Next week the Bulli Disaster Commission will sit at Newcastle. Between January, 1881, and May, 1887, 135,000,000 passengers have beon carried on tho Victo/ian rail way linos. . .. Tho landslip at Clifton has widened 21 inohos sinco the rccont heavy rainfall . Tho main road at tho north end of tho railway station, Bulli, has subsided 20 foot, in oonscquonco ot tho late heavy mine. A man named Young, who bad boon under treat ment at the GraCton Hospital, died on Friday eight after ho had boon discharged from the institution, An inquiry will bo instituted. People in India discredit the roport that Kerki has boon ocoupiod by Russian troops. Mr. Gladstone saya tho oxolusion of IriBh members from the British Parliament is an open question. Tho parlaying over the Amorlco-Canadian fisheries dispute is still progressing, Miohaol Davitt oxprosBos regrot that ho ever do predated, violenco in certain kinds ot oases oE oviotion. Gonoral Boulangor has intimated to tho French Minister for War that ho dpsiros a tow nionths' roposo. Tho prospects of tho English whoat crops aro im- l-rovod, ?'?' 