Doings at Asliiieid, A most enjoyable concert and entertainment was given in the School of Arts, Ashfield, on Thursday evening, by the Ashfield Brass Band, assisted by lady and gentlemen amateurs. Much merriment was caused by Mr. J. Cowan, in his recitation, ' Nothing to Wear ' ; a comic sons, entitled 'Muddle Puddle Porter,' bv Mr. E. Gee, was very well received. A song ' On the battle field,' by Mr. Hannam ; also, a duet, by Miss Adams and Mr. G. Westbrook, pleased the audience greatly. In the second part Mr. J. Cowan caused; roars of laughter in his negro speciality. Miss Adams and Mr. Hannam sang 'The Happy Policeman,' causing much fun., Messrs. H. Haling and T. Taylor gave a double clog dance. The entertainment closed with the laughable negro sketch, entitled ' Grandmother's Ghost.' (Mrs. Johnston acted as accompanist. A sale of work in connection with St. James' Church, Croydon, was opened m Bev. Mr. Newton's schoolroom, Croydon, on Wednesday, and continued till Thursday night. The bazaar consisted of four well-stocked stalls, supervised by Mrs. Hudson, Miss Stack, Mrs. Wilshire, Mrs. Gray, and Misses Blacket, Pownal, and Bossiter respectively. The refreshment-stall was managed by Mrs. Weaver and Miss Bownan. They were kept bnsy both evenings by children, who were drawn by the enticing eatables. A musical pro gramme was rendered each evening, and gave general satisfaction.. In this weei's Town and Countey Jqubxal will be found portraits and biographical notices of Messrs. W. White (Mayor of Waterloo), W. Mathie (Mayor of Shellharbor), S. J. Dowell (Jttayor of Muswellbrook), and D. Munro {Mayor of Victoria, North Shore), with descriptions of the municipalities of wbich they are the chief magistrates. Sporting men will be interested to learn that portraits and biographies of the following persons are published in to-day's Totvn and Countby Jotjbnal : — (1) Mr. P. F- M'Phellamy, honorary secretary of the Manning Biver Jockey Club ; (2) Mr. E. Shute, secretary, and .Mr. R.*H. Cox, ex-secretary of the Glebe Bowing Club ; (3) Miss Annie Oakley, the, 'little sure shot' ; and (4) MryC. W. Waller, a famous English gentleman rider. ..-???- (SpecuDen1eEturoninl.-r-rull%l '?MarshaU's -Tonic N«r Tine* as excellent substitute fcr alcoholic stimulants and strongly commend it as a restorative from excessivemental *r physical fetigne,— SedgwickCowper, F,B,-3,S« Bydney. ?»Aj-TZ .....?? 