Oddities in Wills. Simple a matter as it really ie, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their own,wills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan cellor of England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the most eminent chancery lawyer in England, and who, with a number of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own jvill, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro per effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances/ There have been devises to animals or fox their benefit whioh have been valid to cats, doge, horses, and even parrots. Not un frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has several items of that kind —for instance:" I give nothing to my Lord S&ye;, and I do make this legacy willingly because I know that he will faithfully dis charge it onto the poor. Item—I give;np the ghost." Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his name and memory " to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shakespeare left an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakepeareans not a little. " I give unto my wife my second best bed, ^ith the furniture." Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his second best, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn jast before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretch named Chatillon, who had at tempted to assassinate Wellington. The will of Babelais has this olanse: " I owe a great deal; the rest I give to the poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous French abbe h&d; this pithy clause in his will: " To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual - for a man to leave all his property to his wife, with the proviso that if l?he marries again she is to have only what the law allows her. 1 have drawn a number of saoh wills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in life Awn Bandolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman muchyounger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the income should be doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a na&oapative; wSl—that iB, a will by word of -mouth, by which personal estate may be dis posed of, bnt you, being a civilian, must make ydurs in writing. It don't matter much what ihe writing is on—it may he on a elate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should be on paper or parchment. You may write it and sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it ink. You may make year will in Choctaw, if yon happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says: " be writ in the choic est Italian"; yon may write .it in shorthand, or in abreyiations, or In cipher, so long as yon leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will sot mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit ted, as the following case of a valid will shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The whole of my store, . Were it twice,as mtioh more, Which God's goodness has granted to me> And that none may prevent This, my will and intent, Or ocoasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I eonfirm sign and seal, ThiB, the true act and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in so small a coun try as England, and one which has been civi lized so long, there shoald be found any new plants at this late day; yet & species of lichen, hitherto nnknown to occur in Britain, was reoently discovered in Westmoreland. Cali eium Boscidium is its Botanical name.l A French, ^physiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extracts may be abtained from edible mushrooms, by treating them with chloroform or various ethers. He calls these poisons, cryptomaines. To their pre sence may be attributed the fatal effects which sometimes result from eating fungi whioh are ordinarily perfectly wholesome. 