MAIEVN OrF LW180~RF. -a - A STORY OF VIEINA AHD THE WIENERWALD, - If the fotnc of the Emuperor Josdh If. -0--o- BY SYL.VAHNUS COBB, JR. -ClHAOI E XI.-(CoseC~r«t) "Oio~0 " he cied, chartly. '"You were looking for old Mix. He bcought you up from the pastern. Bat he, my laly, carnot c-mo. lie has bo?n sent to army hrca:z tr ters on important business. I have coune in his pl.ace; and if you will follow me, you sallt! quiekiy find your c.-riage." "Lead on, good sir.' flaving thus epoken to the usher, she turned to thank the oliijer for hls kindness, and found his platc vacant. II had sulddesly slippel away. Sorely, he might have waited to see her depart.-. Eu: she did not allow the circumstatne to fret her, though it was cer tainly an aet of open dirrespec;, and one that would have been summarily paniehed had it come to the knowledge of the man's oup? riore. "We did not coma by this way," said Jean. nette, as they were making their eecend turn after leaving the reception-room. " This passage is strange," "So it is, indcel. Look ye, Sir Usher. Whithe are ye conducting me ?" "Noble lady, did I not tell you that your carriage hat beca brought around to a more convenient point ? Ah! perhaps not. I must have forgotten. But so it is. Haid your cEr risge remained where it was, probably MIax wouldnot have been rent away. Your people, however;, obtained a more favorable poei. tion. It is but a short distance. Let us move on." After that, through a narrow, winding ps-. sage, opening into a spaeiou?. well-lighted hall, at the head of a broad flight of marble steps; down these steps to a corresponding half below, where the din and uproar of a great commotion aseailed the car. Across this Escond hall to another and a broader flight of steps, as they deecanded which the uproar became almo't deafening. At the foot of thEse last steps Theresa founl herelf at the entrance to a broad veshrbu!le the outer doors of which opened upon the street; and on looking out, she saw the source of the marvellous din. As far as her eyes could r~aeh the way was packed with vehicles of various kinds, from the great lumbering coach of the style of Louis XIV. of France down to the rimple drag of the IHungarian gentleman without family. Some of the larger coaehes had six horses attached: many had four: while those with only two, or even one, seemed number less. What dit it men ! Way was such a press at that particular time? Taerees akhed the question. "The council of war has just arisen," ex plainedherguide. "Eery man who has a near relative in fMoravia has been present. The excitement, as you can see for yourself, is inten:r. 1 never saw anything like it. Ab I here we are ! Birtram 1" to a man who Eo-od near, " will you c!ear the way to the carrisge of the Marchioness Winder! 2" 9Certainly. Follow me. This way. Here it is-close at hand." It seemed to the bewildered girl that at least a serer of EfrCDg men were engrged in thr work of guiding and guarding her. They surrounded her on every Side-surrounded her closeiy--eteciualy protecting her from the mob that crowded and howled about her. , This way, lady 1" s.id the usher, who kept his place .t her side. " Make way I Make way for the Marchic sess of Windorl!" ehouted the man called Bertram, who went in advance. "Back! bakl! Don't trend upon the lady :" vociferated the fill score of volunteers, crowding E closely that the object of their earnest attentions could see nothing save the inner circle of the sea of humanity that en vironed her. "Oho I Here we are 1 Now, lady !-step carefully I" • She was at the open doorway of a coach she had no reason to think it was not her own -she thought of nothing save only how she should escaps the terrible mob that now prcased upon her with real torture. So dense was the crowd that she could not see a thing beyond the steps and cushions of the coach directly before her, and they certainly looked like here. "Here we are! Thank fortune, dear lady, you are safe e! Have no fear of further trouble. Your coachman will quickly take you beyond the crowd." Then, as be saw the maid safely seated,he shut the dcor with a bang and moved back. Next, Theresa heard a voice call to the driver that all was right; than came a mingled babel of voices as the crowd fell back out of the way of the restive horses; then, the crack of a whip, and her coach started with a jerk that came near to throwing her from her seat. "What can Lubin be thinking of?" ex claimed Jeannette, indignantly. " I never knew him to use his whip in this manner before. Do you think he has been drink ing ?" "0! Ihope nott" "But see bow fa?t he drives." "P'erhps to get awry from that terrible pandemoeium."' "That is far behind us. The way is open here. We are passing the rear of the Imperial l'lace." " 0 1" cried the marehione-s, grasping her companion's waist, " why did I not think of him? I ought to aee hir. I must claim his protection in this emergency. I know Joseph wi! listen to me; I know he will grant my pe:itio:a." '" I is not too late, dear lady. The emperor is to be seen until late in the day; and, if he is in his pa.ace, I believe he would see you at any gt:e. Saall I call to Captain Wirt to ton beht:, and lead the way to the entrance to the ps'aes?" T.:cr·ea tkdsiated but for a moment. When tise thoen;ght came that her dear guardian migat neser return to her, she felt how ncees s.ry it was that she should first have the empercr's car. Jsecph knew her well; he had hbld her on his knee, and fondled and kissed her, in her childhood; and he had been kanl to her in the tat r years. Yes; she would appeal to him at once. Not another hour should pras with the danger hanging over her. " Yes, yes, Jeannelle. Open the dooer, and call to Wir:. Tell him-- To the palace of the emperorl" The maid took hold of the knob of the dcor- catch: but it would not yield. That surprised her; but a moment more she was a-toundE ; and a cry of terror burst from her li::c. Jantnclite! What is it? Can you iot open it?" " O i dear lady: Loo k! look I Is this our ceanh.? S:c that I-and that1" Sae pointed to the knob, which was of gold, and of the form of a bar. -The Windort coach should have a knob of silver, of the foerm of a lion's head. They ncet discovered that the silken hang. ings, though of a proper color, were of a darker shade than they should have been. Theresa saw, and then shouted with all her might : "Stop! stop I stop l" And she called the name of her faithful esquire. Dot no answer was returned. Then she drew the eurtains wholly aside and looked forth. They were at the city gate, passing through into the country beyond; and the only man she could see was a stranger. He was on horseback, and redo near the side of the coach. As the voice of her mistress failed, Jean. nctet took up the cry, exerting herself to the utnost, but to no efifet. Then they struggled with the doors, but it availed them not. They were securely locked, and would not yield. " Dear lady, whet is it ? Has there been a mistake? Ii this is not your coach, whose is it ?" Theresa did not answer. She was tremb. ling violently, feeling her worst fear realized. In the embroidery of the certain that hung against the forward part of the vehicle her eye :ad detected r. coronet. She was ic .lh; coach cf tile Duke of Iriedland Sc, far she had been entrapped into that bad '-an's poe.er ! "D1ar lady:--O0 whatis it? Why doyou groan? Is it-is it- 01 it canno; be ms coach: SHush l I fear me, Jeannelte, my enemy has thus far triumphed. We are certainly in the coach of Conrad Arnsfeldl I Bat" she lifted herself proudly as she added-"it remains to be ecen how far this triumph can go. "I saw Conrad Arnsteld: leaving the onlice as we entered. At the time I did not think it was he, but I now know that it must have een. Yes, hbe was leaving the minister as we entered. lie knew that I was present in the the c-illc, even if he had not previously known of my coming." Then J.aniette wonderel how poor Wirt would feel when he had discovered what had been dome. " Will be, do you think," she added, wilh sudden entrgy, 'go to the emperor ? O I if he should do that l" Taerec2 started with a sudden thrill of Ocpe. She had not thought of that possible weent; tut she gave it thought now, Captain Wirt was known to the emiperor; and be sould be believed. But there was another side to the question. Melot likely the duke himself lhd seeu the emperor, and told a story to suit hi purpose. She dlwel upon it long and earnestly, but eould find little ground for hope. Yet there was a single gleam-one slight beam of light in the darkness,-an-l she took what corn sort she cou!!. J.ann:tte had tried the door on her side nore than once ; and both the girls had called rcain end again; bat nothing had been gainecd. A: h.rgb., when almost an hour had passed, hey felt that the coach was turning an bruept curve, and on looking out they saw he well -known upports of the great arch "o the entraeo to the court of Friedland Palace I Ere long thereafter the coach stopped, and presetilv the door on Theresa's aide was JpeCod. She looked out, and looked into the ickld eyes of Conrad Arnsfeldt I CHAPTER XIl. Ten LoUe seowas e nAND. Ir:e trst ifftect of those eyes upon Theresa Wndorf was to make her weak and faint; buh lshe quickly overcame the emotion, and nerved herself to meet her enemy with spirit and determination. Conrod Arnefeldt, Duke of Friedland, was a ma'. rightly above the ordinary height, slim and spare, but musculsr, with a stoopof the shoulders that would have required but a very slight increase to make a decided hump. tIocever, by the exereise of cution and in genuity on the part of the tailor, he' wans enabled to pass before ths world as a man of proper form and proportion. His face was unpleasant to look upon-an evil, treacher ous face, with eyes like the eyes of a snake bright, quick, and keen, of a color that e'ha?.gd between green and black. Away from their outer corners shot a mass of fan. like. diverging lines-deep, sharp wrinkles which, with the aid of the overarching, shaggy brows, gave to them the finishing touch of treacherona significance. His hair, of a dingy, sandy hue, covered only a portion of his head, the whole upper part being en. tirely bald. Iut the man's garb was exquisite. A tunic of purple velvet, gaudily embroidered with gold, with as many flashing orders on his left brePst as could find room there; a vest of crimson eilk, also richly embroidered; his daintily rueed shirt-front bearing a diamond as large as a filbert. His lower garments were in keeping, the buckles at his knees, on the top of his shoes, being thickset with preeious stones. The duke had determined upon the part he would play. As soon as a servant, not seen by the inmates of the coach,had thrown open the door, he came foi?rard with a smile on his face that involved every feature, even to the wrinkles about the eyes. The eyes them relves could not emile. They took no part in the facial exhibition. MIy asweet cousin! This is joy indeed, I did not know as my people would find you. I trust you have enjoyed your ride." This he said before offering his hand; and when the hand was offered, the lady at first neglected to tonch it. "ly tlord," she said calmly, and with aignity, "do you expect me to alight here T" "W ehat a question I Do I expect the sun to shine ? Do I expect the bright rose to bloom ? For what have you come 2' I have not come. I have been brought hithcr against my will. Tell me, Conrad Arnsteldt, what is your nurpose?" "Come, come, Tbere?s; do not sit there, a spectacle for the servants to gape at." - "It is not my wish so to do, as you know very\welt. -My wish is, to to be taken to my home. Thie," she added, her indignation fairly aroused, " is a bold and outrageous- She not no further. The hand which shs had refused was at this point caught with s gripe that hurt her; and into those wickeo eyes came a dangerous look as he whlis pred; ' Don-t posh me further I You should know me better! Will you alight and ente: my dwelling, or shall I call a servant to assie: you ?" In that moment the urnfortunate girl knew bow poweriCes she was to resist, and withou, further remark or delay, oh, arose from hcr, Esat, and surIfred the duke to hand her out; and when be had offered her his arm, she took it. She saw that her maid had barn p.s. slated out, and that she would follow. Then she was led up the marble steps, to the door of the handsome portico, and thence to ons of the grand drawing-rooms. '" There, sweet cousin; go you in and wake yo:rself at home. I will sznd O.tsvia to you, and be eure she will do all she can for your comfort. Liter, I will explain matters to your full understanding." IIs suffered the lady to pass on into the richly-furnishcd apartment; but the maid he s?opped before her foot had touched the thrchbold. fIe took her by the arm, end looked down into her face with a glanc: that made her shiver. autshe was:a brave little thing, and did not quail; for she did not think he meant to harm her. "Look you, my pretty girlI" he said, his eyes seeming to look through her. "I want you to answer me a question: Is it your de sire to remain with your mistress?" " Yes, sir l" was her simple response. " Very well, you can do so on one con. lition, which is, that when you have learned ry will and purpose you do not seek to :hwart me. I do not need to exlain further. You know very well what I mean. Now mark me," he adde l, holding her away at arm's length, and bending upon her an intensitfed looh, " 'h first movement you make towards helping any other person in opposition to me, or to my purpose, will be the signal for your speedy departure. Be wise, and remain with the dear lady who, I fear, would esadly miss you." And with this he pushed her into the room; then closed the door and de parted. The two girls stood for a little time looking steadily into each other's face. Their our. ronndinge were princely, far more rich and costly than anything to be found in the dear old castle. There were pictures of rare beauty and excellence, in frames deep and massive; there were statues and statuettes, and orna. ments in almost endless variety. But they saw notbiug of the richness but its glare at that time. The maid was the first to break the silence. " Theresa I Dear lady I will be very care. ful: but be sure I will help you in all you wish. We will not remain long here. What will you do 2" " I cannot tell, dear girl, until I know what is the duke's purpose. If he thinks to hold me here against my will he will find that he has undertaken a difi:ult task. I can find some means of communicating with the em peror." " Of course you can," pronounced the maid, with the utmost confidence. "Do you write a letter, and I will contrive a way to get it to the emperor's hand." " I do not doubt you, Jeannette," the lady said, with a kindly smile. "But you must be very careful. Ah I I should be lonesome, indeed, without you." The warm-hearted girl threw her arms around the neck of her mistress, and kissed her, and then urged her to sit and rest. But Theresa's eye had become charmed by one of the pictures--a sunny Italian scene, beautiinl in color, and exquisitely traced and finished. She stood before it several minutes, and then went to another; and to another. She wondered if the present duke had pur chased these rare works. She did not think it. Later, she was to learn that the preced ing lord of Friedland had secleced most of the art works in that apartment, There was a marble Cupid, and two or three nude figures in bronze, which Conrad had added to the collention-correct and fitting indices to his character and tastes. IBut the thing in the grand apartment which chiefly attracted Theresa was a harp. sichord, larger and handsomer than she had ever before seen. She had heard of a new instrument which Mozart had brought from Germany for the emperor, and she had no doubt that this was like it. It stood open, and she gazed upon its tempting bank of keys in wonder. There was five full octaves; and she could see that the strings were much larger than were the strings of her own in strument; and, moreover, many of them were double. Without thought-acting upon the inspir ation of the moment-she sat down, and struck a few chords. There was a richness and a fullness in the tones that charmed her. She was playing a simple strain, when the opening of the door startled her from her oc cupation, and on looking up, she beheld the woman of whom the duke had spoken Octavia Weintz. She had seen her before,. and knew her by eight. Dear lady," the now-comer said, advant ciog a few paces and stopping,. "do not aI. ms disturb you. You are the fict that I hay eard make music on that grand thing Some of his lordshin's visitors have doubt lees played upon it, but I have not heard them." " You do not disturb me, Octavia. I am in no mood for music." " The music can wait," the woman nodded; and then said, pleasantly : " I have come to see wilest you will have dinner. It is late; but I think you have not dined." "Does the duke expect that I will eat dinner here 2" Theresa asked, calmly and steadily. She had determined not to make an enemy of this woman if she could helF it. " Certainly, he would not let you go with. oct your dinner." "You are the housekeeper?" "Yes, I am ; and have been for many years." The marchioness trembled. The woman before her led seen three.score years, and might have been housekeeper in the time of the Lady Constance. Ah I she would be very careful how she treated her. A few moments of silence, during which our heroine's thoughts ran as we have in dicatsd, and Octavia said: "Will you leave the dinner to me ?" 'Yes, entirely." She did not think it policy to quoetion the old servant at that time with regard to her master's intentions: and, as she thought of nothing else, she suffered her to depart. Again left alone with her mistress, Jean. ettie began tI examine the outlets from the apartment, and to study its approaches. The rear windows looked out upon a beautiful garden, and one could easily reach the ground from their sills. She asked if it might not be possible to escape from the garden. Theresa shook her head dubiously; yet the earnestness of her companion called a smile to her lips. " No, dear girl. Look at the wall. Our way of escape lies not in that direction. Wait. Be sure, if an opportunity offers, I shafll em braceit." Half an hour later Octavia re- appeared and pronounced dinner, at the same time indicat ing to the marchioness that she might follow her. "Your companion may eat with me, if she pleases." "Let her cat with me," said Theresas, quickly. "We are companions in mis. fortune, and may surely be companions at the table." The housekeeper made no objection, and it was so understood. The eating-room was not far away, and upon reaching it the mar. chioneso found a board spread fit for the em. 47 peror himself. She was not hungry yet she knew that she would feel bettcr to eat, ; nd she allowed Octavia.,to help her as she pleasecd. A light sip of fine old wine gave her a grain of appetite, to which some of the most delicately made ioup she had ever tasted added. So, in the end, she made quite a respectable meal, despite her disinclination to eat in the beginning. Whcu she arose from the table, the day was drawing towards its close, and she asked the old housekeeper when she was to see the duke. The woman could only shake her head in ignorance. His lordship was in the palace, she said; but she knew not where. The two captives returned to the drawing. room, where they conversed for a time, and then fell into a tit of silent meditation. The mistress, sad and weary, sat upon a large, soft sofa, and thought of the loved ones far away. Daring the previous night she had slept, but her sleep had been lethargic, partly the result of an opiate kindly administered ny good old Agnes RItlf-and not so restful as at might otherwise have beet. he had :hought of the absent ones until she could :hink no more. Her head had sunk down pson .the esoa'a arm, and by .anw by she fell Isleep. The weary maiden slept for i time roundly, and anon eho dreamed. She dreamed that she was again in the office of the Minister of War, in the city, and while she conversed with him he was chabanged into a monster terrible to look upon. Then the phantasy )hanged again. She was in the packed and crowded street, struggling to make her way out, when something touched her that chilled' her through and through. She turned, and beheld the same awfol thing she had before seen, bat it wore the face of Conrad Arnsteldt:-whereupon she screamed and awoke. " Sweet child you have been weary. Did my touch frighten you ?" It was the duke who ipoke. He stood be. side her; looking down intd hbe face. She started quickly up and rubbed her eyes, and then looked around. The windows were dark, the curtains drawn, and lamps lighted. The day was gone, and evening had fallen, The duke touched a bell, in answer to which Octavia quickly appeared. Her master bade her to lead the lady to an apartment where she could fled opportunity.to lave her face in esra water. Teeresa did not refuse. Her head' ached, and she felt that a bath would be most grate. ful. -So she folilowed" the old housakeeper from the room, and when she had bathed she returned. It was not a meeting which she courted, but it wse inevitable, and procrasti natione c"s:!d sal her outhing. She se. turnc d t hdie d:awiag-mom, And took her sealt upon a chiair.etich the duke placed for her ; and in:meedmtely therealter, at a sign fiom her master, Octsavia took .Ieannete by the hand and led her out from theLoom,care fully cloeing the door behind her. For a little time the twain thus left to gether sat in eilenco.. Theresa could not en. dure the gaze of those baleful eyes; so, while the man looked upon her, sho bent her own gaze to the floor. At length he spoke. His voice was low and very smooth, but with not a particle of frankness-nothing in it that sounded truthful or assuring. The voice was, in shbort, a part of the man-deceitful and treacherous. "Theresa," he said, with an expression which he evidently intended should be kind -and affectionate, "you are aware that I am your nearest living relative, Your father and I were own cousins.- In fact, we might al. most have been said to be brothers. She knew how he lied when he said this, for ele knew that her father had loathed and despised him. But she made no remark. "Hence," he continued, "in the event of the death of Baron Wagner, I become your only legal guardian. You understand that 2" " NS, my lord, I cannot so understand it. Should my present guardian die before 1 reach ny majority, or before I marry, I should look to the emperor to take his place. As the laughter of one of his chief nobles, I am his ward." The duke smiled a grim, satanic smile, regarding the girl before him as Mephis topheles, in the picture, regards his sure victim. " My dear child, as for the good baron, yons late guardian, he is dead beyond the power of leechcraft to revive him. And as for the em peror, he has asked me to assume theoflice les vacant by Wagner's death." For a few *e ends our heroiue was weal and faint from the effects of this startling an nouncement, but she quickly recovered her self, remembering her advantage. " My lord," she said, still quivering, but with a firm and steady eye, "you have as sumed too much. Baron Wagner, I firmly nelieve, is not dead." The man's sudden start, hisgasp for breath, and the manner in which his next speech war intoned, convinced the lady that he had, at least, been honest in thinking there was a possibility of her old guardian's.death. II had heard the story as the Minister of Was had heard it, and as the emperor, also, had heard it. He started and looked eagerly into her face. " Theresa, the Baron Wagner is dead t He was slain in the Moravian mountain a week ago-he, and several of his chief officers." After a little time she told him, as she had told old Weinhardt, the story as she had re ceived it from the lips of Karl Swinzel. The duke listened patiently, asking several ques tions, and in the end he broke into a bitter, chuckling laugh. " Oho I how easily you deceive yourself, young lady. You know little of the dispo sition and habits of those fierce mountain robbers. And one other thing; from all you tell me I am convinced that your light dragoon never thought the missing generals alive until you had betwitched him with you r sophistry. I tell you-these men are dead I I know the abaracter of the brigands into whose hands they have fallen. They are not fond of prisoners. Further, their act was purely in revenge. If they seek heavy ran som, they can obtain it as easily by repre senting the dead alive as by holding them in captivity." At this point he turned away add paced several times to and fro across the room. When he came back his countenance had tettled to a strm, uncompromising erpres. sion; his thin lips were compressed, his hands :lenched, his green eyes gleaming with a ealeful light: and when he spoke his voice was crisp, sharp and incisive. "Theresa! I this thing you must know:v ; I am your guardian henceflorth. I know that the thought of appealing to the emperor has occurred to you; but you may give it up, now and forever. Hie has placed you in my care. It was his expreas desireothat I should assume the responsibilities of the position. If you would know how far the arrangements have been carried, I will tall you this : Of my own accord, without the thing's being hinted at by anybody, I have given heavy bonds for the faithful administration of your business aflairs; for a vast property comes under my -ontrol with you. I think you comprehend so far ?' The stricken orphan could not speak. She was trying to think-trying to work her way through the dark maze. "One thing further I will say," the duke continued, after a silence of several seconds: "You, of equre, understand the nature and powers of the ofllie I have consented to take upon myself. You cannot be ignorant of the fact that all the authority of a parent-of a father-together with powers to enforce it rests with me. That being understood, wt shall, 'I trust, commence our new life to ge;ther without di;cord or trouble of an kind.. IHave you any ansoer to give me?" SoH looked up, wan and weary. Her hands were preased over her heart, and her breath wa lahored. " My lord," she said, in a voice scarcely raised above a whisp:r, " I know not what to say. I do not quite realize it. If you wou!ld ask, will I esubmit to your autho rity ? I tell you plainly, not willisnly. Ask me no more'at present, I am faint, and 'sick at heart. I have suffered much, and this comes hard upon me. Llave me, sir, I pray." praI have said all I had to say, my sweet cousin, and will now cheerfully leave you to your rest. But for your own ake--not for mine-I ask you to be vise. I will make you happy if you will let me. That I promise you. Good night, good night, my child, and pleasant dreams." A l:t:le later the stricken girl was resting upon the bosom of her faithful maid, weep ing bitterly. And the weeping gave her relief. -. CLIAP lER1- VIII.. A TUNDERBt:LT. Theresa had ceased weeping, and had gone to the pianoforte-tor such, in truth, the in. strument was-when Octavia made her ap. pearance, with the anpounceoment that she would conduct the Itly to her chamber whenever she was ready to go. "Thinking it would be your desire," she added, " I have had a bed for your maid put up in theo ame room." The marchioness thanked her for her thoughtful kindness, at the same time assur ing her that she had done right. She then arose and followed the housekeeper out into the great hall, thence up a broad and mag nificent stairway to a corresponding hall above. Beyond this their course lay through a broad, winding passage, in the walls of which were alcovee and nichee, ornamented with statues, chaste and beautiful, of marble, of alabaster, and of porphyry, some of them holding lighted lamps in ther outstretched hands. The effect was pleasing, even to the ecnes of the captive maiden,. A dear lover of all that was beautiful in nature or in art, she could not shut her heart to such beauty as this. if The passage terminated inn spacious cir cular hall, with a vaulted dome above, which, as Theresa cast a glance upward, appeared to be principally of stained glass. Here were several doors, one of which-the central one -the guide opened, leading the way into a small reception-room, very neatly and pret tily frais-hed. This Octavia crossed, throw ing open a door beyond, thus giving entrance into an apartment so beautiful in its appoint. ments and ornamentation that the mar chioness could not repress the note of admi. ration that sprang to her lips. - Upon a mas sive bureau of ebony, inlaid with gold, and silver, and mother-of.pearl, stood a largo lamp in a globe of stained glass, the light of which threw a aurpaesing radiance upon the On e soie d was a deep, broad arch, at the entrance of which the exquisite drapery was looped back, revealing beyond a large and richly habited bed. At the foot of it, wherem was plenty of room, a smaller bed had been made up, pretty enough and inviting enough to satisfy the most fastidions. " Dear lady," ssid Octavlis, when opportu- .aity had been given for looking around, " his lordship, you see, desires to make you com fortable. Not to many would he have given these apartments." Theresa started, and a strange tremor shook her frame. The woman's look and tone plainly told that there was, to her at least, something sacred in the atmosphere of that handsome room, There was upon the aged face an expression of awe, of reverence -almost of worship-as her eyes rested upon the elcquant surroundings. The lady did not speak, but waited, feeling confident that more was to come. And she was not dis appointed. "A.\h I dark was the night and dark the day when she, for whom this chamber was fur nished, fled from it." "You speak of the Lady Constance?" said the marchioness, in a low, sympathetic tone. "tYes. Ah I you never knew her. She was very beautiful." "And very unfortunate," Theresa added. " Yes. She was most wickedly traduced." Theresa moved forward and laid a hand upon the housekeeper's firm. " Octavia, do you know who was the ehief ol her traducers?'" " What do you mean 7" the woman cried, with a frightened look, and with a quiver that shook her from head to foot. " You know very well what Imean. I ask you,-Could you lay your finger upon the person who ruined her young life and drove her forth from her home, to die among stran gers ?" A low, wailing cry broke from the old housekeeper's lips as she started back, away from the girl's hand, as though it burnt her. "On 0 no lnolo I If you care to live-if you care to see the bright sunshine of another day-beware I Never whisper again of that I I know nothing. Wenone of us know." The frightened look had become quite a terror, and she shook like an aspen. "Doar woman-good Octavia," whispered the marchioness, with a kindly, assuring look, "what can you or I have to fear? Who is to know of what we speak ? Con rad Arnsfelt has hunted one poor woman to the death:-will you help him to kill another? ' " Have mercy I 0 1 have mercy I" groaned the suffering matron, putting out her hands as though she would keep her tormentor at a distance. "You know not what you say. These very walls have ears. I tell yon-once a poor servant dared to whisper what you would whisper, and--0 1 ask no more I" " at that servant, Octavia? Whst became of her?" "It was a man.servant." "Well-what became of him ?" "Ha--diedl Died in a night-stricken down by a blow from an unseen hand I" " Dear Octavia, you have told me more than you thought to tell. You tell me that Conrad Arnofeldt, because a servant had-" "No I nos not I never mentioned his name." "Then let me speak it. The man who now seeks to gain me into his fiendish power is the man who killed poor Lady Constance I Aye, you know it. And I tell you, Octavia Weintz, if you give help to that man against me the spirit of Lady Conetance shall uprise before you and call you to account. Iknow it. I dare to swear it I" The woman gazed upon the speaker in speechless wonder and amaze. Her knees shook beneath her and her teeth chattered. Once she cast a frightened glance around the room, as though expecting the ghost of the dead duchess to appear. "Octavial" the lady added, after a con. siderable pause, speaking softly and pleasantly., "let us say nio more of this at present-" " Aud never any more! O, never I never I" gasped the old servant, breaking in upon her. "I shall not promise. But I will promise you this: I will do nothing that can bring grief or troutle to you. Lsr that give you relief. And now, to my rest but, first, you will allow me to ask a question touching my-e ,ell. Do you know anything of the daue plans with regard to my .gtur ? Am I to be a close prisoner?" "O, no, lady I You are to walk in'the gar den to-morrow, morning, if you wish, and I am to show you the way." "Thanks, Octavia, for the information. Bf~ sure, if it is fair, I shaUll hold you to your duty." She cared to question the woman no fur ther; and when she had been shown into the dressiog-reom, and into the bathing-room be yond, and had learned of her surroundings all she needed to know, she suffered her to depart. When Theresa awoke on the following morning the sun was shining brightly, and a thousand birds were making music in the air. She arose, finding Jeannette already up, and was soon dressed. It would be difil~olt to tell the feelings with which she gazed around upon the scee that had once been familiar to the eye of Constance. But her thoughts coull not be long coalined to that chamber. Thinking of Constance led her to think of another; and of another; and yet another-loved one where? 01 where? With a vehemence that had in it almost a spice of anger she put her foot upon the floor as she told herself that she would not believe them dead. "The minister wat1sid than half convinced when he had heard my story," she said to hersfll; "and Conrad Arnsleldt holds out because of his wicked wiill I They are not dead. If they were I should know it. I should feel it. lind Hiaven would not uphold my heart in this wondrous manner only to break it in the end." . She was thus commoning with herself when the opening of the door caused her to turn. It was Jeannette, of whom her mistress had for a time lost both eight and thought. Her face was flashed, and her bright eyes gleamed with something closely resembling spite. " Where have you been, Jeannette ?" " I have been trying the doors, dear lady. Perhaps you will blame me; perhaps you will scold me, when I tell you that I have been looking for a way out from this place ; and if I had found it I should have run away and left you. This was my plan. I should have made my way as swiftly as possible to the dear old castle, where I' would have aroused jour people, and called a council of war, in which my voice would have been for instant appeal to the emperor; and I would have gone before him myself, and told him the whole truth." "Dear gul, I certainly shall not scold you; nor have I any blame. I could havr told you, however, that you could not get away." "Ah I lady, I came nearer to it than you think. But for a man who frightened me back I certainly should have got away by a postern." " That man was probably there on purpose. No, no, Jeannette, we are not to escapein that way ; yet I thank you all the same. I should have gladly spared you had I known you were on your way to the castle,-Ah I here comes Octavia I" The old housekeeper entered with a kindly smile and a cheery salutation; and having made a few inquiries concerning the lady's health and her night's rest, she announced that she was ready to lead the way to the garden. Be sure ourheroine was not long in making ready for the walk. The woman had brought a light mantle and a pretty morning hat, which she assured the marchioness had not been worn since Lady Constance wore them; and Theresa accepted them readily. lHad those articles reminded her of one dead, she would have surely put them away, feeling it saesriligions to wear them; but, since they brought to mind one living and beloved,he felt a peculiar joy in putting them on. The gerden of the palace was in the rear of one of the wings; a spacious enelosure, bearing everything in the shape of fruit and flowers that couldr be made to grow in that clime. Beyond that was a space of very nearly two acres under grass, where were tropical plants in endless variety. Theresa had been through a portion of the hot-house, and had left it for the purer, fresher air outside, Octavia and Jeannette having remained behind to witness the gam. bole of a pair of monkeys, confined in a large cage. Without thought of her companions, she walked slowly on towards a small, vine e?ad arbor which she saw not far distant. She had reached a point where another path, flanked with flowering shrubs, crossed her way, when she was startled by the sudden and unexpected appearance of a man before her. She would have turned back had the move ment been possible; but the newcomer had met her, face to face, and retreat was out of the question. He lifted his light velvet cap, and greeted her warmly. The greeting might have been cordial but for a spice of triumph in it which was not to be mistaken. Hewas a young man, a few months beyond. one and twenty, wearing the undress uniform of a lieutenant of the Imperial Guards; short of stature; with a face which many called handsome. The features were regular, but pugnacious; the complexion very dark; a pair of bright, black eyes, and hair of thl same color. The forehead was low; the nether jaw square and heavy; the mouth large, with lips cruel and gross. At all events, this latter was what our heroine saw; and be sure she was-not the only one who had made the discovery. Such was Otto Arnefeldt, count by courtesy, and son of the Duke Conrad. "Theresa, this is a joy indeed. My father told me last night that you were here; and I begged that I might be permitted to see you, but he was inexorable. He can be very stub. born when he takes a notion that way. But I have found you now, and when I least ex pected it. Dear girl, you are looking per fectly charming. Have you looked into the mirror this morning 2" The maiden's first thought, upon recogniz. ing the count, had been to give way to her true feelings; to treat the conceited, treach. erous man as he deserved at her hands; but she did not do it. She asked hersell: Why make a. seene that could, only be unpleasant for herself as well as for him? HIer best course would be to get along as smoothly as possible, simply maintaining her dignity and keeping him within due bounds of resplot. Sihe answered him that she never dressed without consulting her mirror. "And I know you saw therein something far more beautiful than anything you can find in this poor garden," he chried, with an attempt at rapture. SCount Otto, you forget with whom you are speaking. I assure you, from my heart, such flattery displeases the. I do not like ct." I"Zundsl You are different from the majority of our fair damsels. 'laith! --I know a score of them who would give three nights' sleep for souch a compliment as I paid you." It was not a compliment, sir. It was the grosest of flattery'. True compliments shoull offend no one." "Tnercsal"--banding upon her a look of admiration-" I will take a lesson-a number of them-in proper behavior from you. I will be your pupil; and I promise to be at tentive and obedient.-Ah I Herel I want you to see our beautiful Iskelet, with its charming family of gold-fish. It is not far." " Ss sayoing, he took her hand, and drew it within his arm. She tried to draw it away, but did not succeed. Count, I wish you would excuse me. I left company in the green-house." (To be coiltinual.) 