THE REV. MR SPURGEON. f » — BE WITHDRAWS FROM TIIE UAITIST UNION. faou THR London CoRnRsroNnitsT op uiu ".Daily Tki.eqiiapii" . . _ London, 27th October, t Two Nov. 0. I!. Spurgeon, tho cole- 1 brnicd milliliter of tho London Tabor- 5 imulo, lias dctornrinod to withdraw fromi tho Baptist Union in coiiKQiiumirn nfl (livergonco of views in doctrinul quo«-! UoilH. Tie vufusofl to contimio in tho Union ut tho oxpenso of giving up ltin bullof in tho" doctrine of tho fttotiomcnt of Christ, and In'thepcwoimlity of tho Holy Ghost, lie jUstillcHLia belief in saving by faith, and ml ho doolrhio of otornal punisiiincut, Vrliich' feoiho 'niombora dotiy. f 1 . With reforonco to tlio nbovo cable message wo have had a ulmt wlth two-Baptist ministers,, and give below a resume of their explana tions:— Tho foroguihg cabin mcwago to tho Dnihj Tilajraph from its -London corrcApondonb is likely to arrest tho attention of tho churches of -all dnuominatioufl, ami es pecially Ihoso of tho Baptlrb and Con- . girogntlonal order. Tho aumumcemont is that tho widely- known and popular pastor of tho Metropolitan -Tabcrnaolo'bas willutrnwn from the Baptist -Union of England and Wales. 'For a considerablo'tlino Mr Bpurgnon has folfc dissatisfied at tho hicrcaslng iiberallty of doctrinul viows ovidonced in tho preaching of- lomo of tho ministers of the deno. gimation, especially tho younger ministers. -The deslro for closer unhm with ihn Congregational Union of Kngland and Wales appears to havo deepened Mr Spurgcon's dis|alisfacti6n, and in ft recent number ot tlio Sword and Trowel, a limgazinu which ho edltf, ho gave vent to his indignation against thu broad views of somo of tho Congrogntional pastors. Mr bpurgaim diffuvs widoly from many . ministers In both denominations in Iris views as to the oxtcnt of the Atonement,. and especially dissents from what Is popularly known ns "Tho Larger Hope," which a few mhiistoin venture to advocate publicly, and which ho suspects tunny hold withoub proclaiming it as An article of tlioir .faith. It inuy bo mentioned that tlio nrticto In the Sword and Troml reform! to has led tho editor of tho British weekly to open his columns Ion full discussion on tho suhjcot, and many Well known and nblo miuutors of tho two de- noniinatlons assailed Imvo writtcd Indignan) ucntnln of tho charges, ft In admitted that among tho ministers of both denominations a 'very fow may havo dopartcd a llttlo from tho Orthodox lines; bub ib is also strongly SEicrtcd that Mr Spurgcon's statements ro too cxngfforatcd. and generally unwarranted. It nmy bo a'Jdod that wiiilo Mr Spnrgcon .has bcon lon connected with tho Bnpthfc Union, and has taken part fre quently in1 Its annual meetings, tho nmitl- pllcity of his cnguguments, and tho constant ftrcsauro of hts work hi cor.neotion with his own vasb congregation, hii college and orphanage, havo prevented him doing much IB connection with business meetings of the )0nion. ills withdrawal will bo a causo of flreab regteb to many, bub is nob likely to ro- Jard in any way tho work in wlriuh tho Union is engaged, : Tho cable thla nipnring informs us that tho Uov 0. IL Spurgcon, tho loading light in tho Baptist body, has seceded .from thoBapttsb Union In consequonco of a divcrgonco of views in uoctrinnl qtjations. At first biush this would bo taken to mean pint Mr Spurgeou has been unable to ndhero k> soino of tho salient features in the Bbptisfc teaching. Tho inferonco coimtonanced py f ho wording of tho cablegram is erroneous ; and a fow words by opo who has watched Mr Bpurgcon's career, And tho march of ovonts hi thoBnptist coimmnilty, -wllf pepvo toplaconmt- (ers In thoir truo relation anil bearing. \- Tho question which has for iv long time been exercising tho mind of tho well-known spiritual director at tho Lou4on Taberimclo is ge to whether Nonconformists generally are .pot departing from the faith. Abub three Iponthu ago ho publisiicd, in his tnagnzincj The Sword and l' rowel, nn article on what ho called tho 11 Down Grade " in religion, Hothero oxpreeaed tho belief thabNoncou- xormtslH generally wcro departing from tlio old fundamentals of tho faith. This statement has been very seriously challenged by both pongregutionalistB and Baptists in tho old country. This is practically tho .inception of A controversy which has roaultcd in Mr Spur- geon's withdrawal from tlio Union. In the fast number of Mr Spurgcon's magazine to hand, the reverend goutlenmn vigorously de fends tlio position ho lias assumed. Writing in Ills editorial capacity he remarks " Our solsniu eouviction is that things aro much worse In maoy churches thau they scorn io be, and arc rapidly touaing downward. Rend Uioso newspapers which represent tho Broad (school of Dissent, and aBk yourself, 1 How jfnuch further could thoy go ? Wiinb doctrine ronminfl to bo abandoned t What truth jfo bo the object of contempt ?' A now religion has been initiated, which Is 'tio moro Christianity than chalk is ohecio ; and lliis religion. being dvstittito of moral honesty, balms itself off as tho old faith with slight im- brovoments, and on thfs pica usurps pulpits which worn orcotcd for gospel preaohitig- The Aftuoment Is scoutod, tlio inspiration of Scripture Is derided, tho Holy Spirit is do- graded into nu influonco, tho punishment of sin Ja'tutncd into fictiou. and tho resurrection into 'A myth, and vot these pnomiesgf our faith expeeb us to cal(.them brothren, and maintain k oontcdornoy with thorn i Emphasising further this tomlenoy to doolinc, Slid to sook relief In questionable amusomciits, ft Spurgeon says J— - " Tho fact that iqany would tike to uuito harqh and slao, (girds and orayor, dancing And sacrainents. if wo aro powerless to stom this torrent, wo can, nb least,' warn men of its oxistonce, pud entreat them to keep '16ub of lb. When tlio old faith is 'gone, and-- enthusiasm for tho Gospel is bxtlnct, lb is no wondor that pooplo rcuU some thing olso in tho way' of delight. lacking bread! thoy feed on ashes ; rejecting tlio way Af tho Lord, they rim greedily In tho path of lolly." The Baptist Union is simply a voluntary organisation, which may be nb any time dissolved without Io guy way violating tho integrity of any particular churoh ntllliatccl lylth it-' It is a union merely for deciding on tho mQSb pfliclcnt modos'of action, And the dovising of scliemos for increasing tlio < iiractionl usofulriess of tho .churohea. Over the genets ot tho Uiiforcnt denominatlouB ib has no legislative control. This compaob has for a .long tliuo included a few won whoso leach ing lias booncliaraotftriticd by what MrSpurgeon i|o strongly reprobates. Ilis remaining in their company would lead ono to Bupposu that Its oountonaiicod thoir aberration?, and uuablo to llpnd It longer, ho secedes from tho body. i Mo view of these facts, tlio news convoyed by tho cablo does not surprise us. Mr Spurgeon, . 1>y the stop ho lias takon, does . nut surrender oria article of tho Baptist teaching, lie rather clings to that tcaoliing tlio more, Tho Baptists in this colony claim thut they havo no plements of division on points of doctrine, and that thoy Aro thoroughly sound, loyal and evangelical in their cr'ccd. AJthough l\o tlnlon havo no i>ower over fundamental principles, Mr Spurgeon will bo largely supported in Dio action hp lias taken. As to tfiose in cohflicb with him, Dr. JTrea trail, writing to tlio Engllah iVrenian ol 5t»rd September, anya thab "you might cuuub .tho number of Baptist urinLstcrs whom views pro nob thoroughly orthodox on your finger.1' In England a division will doubtless bo created bub it is scarcely likely to bo of a formidnblo cnaraoter. It is a mistake to supposo that by remaining with tho Union Mr Spurgeon gavo up his belief in tho dootrino of tho atonement of Christ) and In tho personality of tho Holy Ghost. TIiobo aro cardinal points in the Bap tist faith. Mr Spurgcon's viow3 rccognjsa Christ's substitutionary work— His death for .our sins; and also that tlio Iftly Spirit 3s a real por&on;, and not ' au iu- fluenco, Somo few— Dr Trestrail computes ilioui as above— do not Isold theso views. Prac tically thoy aro broad churchmen, holding to Maurice's doctrine. As the founder and President of tho Metro politan Pastors' College, Mr Spurgeon lias piouldod tlio toilets of a largo porcmriago of tho Baptist ministers of to-day, and It is right tp conclude tliak thoy travol with him in tho controversy which has arisen. 