Mow a Man Wit® Im«l Cheated Him Came Back After De&tlt; . to Apologl£e« Unlontowii, Prt., News, " I never go much on ghost stories," began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton House the other evening'. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a seriea of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. "My experience in that direction baa been somewhat rcmnrkablo, I don't sup pose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you ia true, I can produce a living wit ness to ifc, and I will nfc any time make affi davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the east ern part of this State, Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom 1 had little or no confidence. AB the bills for the tiea earae in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man, 1 knew to the tie the number used. After my. contract was completed the old trader sued mo for the price of fifty ties, The case wafl tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defenco could be made, When I paid the money I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself, I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About sis months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly aa I can see you now he was there in life, He i wakened mo by calling my name, My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me, I called him and told him of the i visitor's presence. He said he could not see him and laughed at me. He toid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name, He said ho had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished, My partner talked with me of the matter before wo went to sleep again. The next morning ho told, the story on me as a joke, but while we were" at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to me was the last one, That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded, A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered, Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot jack V Cora (smiling archly--" The cat." -PuoJt, 