'- CHAPTEK VI. . ' ; " Polly/* exclaimed Clara, in real alarm, as she noted the changed appearance in the girl's face,, "are you illP" . ' ? = Polly made no sign of having heard as she faced Mrs. Dandicrat, and at length addressed her in measured accents; each word striking the ear like an icy pellet. . " Mrs. Dandicrat, I am here to thank you for the shelter vouchsafed to me through your good, kind husband's will, and to let you know that, after this night, I shall seek it elsewhere." "What are you talkin' about ?" began Mrs. Dandicrat, assuming as much dignity as she could, and not feeling quite at ease. " 1 don't under stand." , " Tes, you do understand, as well as you under stand that I am a forward huzzy, a cat, a snake in the grass ; unkind, untruthful aspersions allowed to reach an innocent child's ears at the risk of poisoning his pure affection for me. He knowe that a snake ie a thing to be shunned, and in hiß artlessness babbled of your judgment, and would have shunned mei I love your Uttle child ren asl love Cousin-Clara, who has been staunch to me. I have done my duty to you and them day by day, and night by night, and you would turn their young hearts from me-" " I-I--" faltered Mrs. Dandiorat. " Stop," cried the girl, with a rare authority in her voice. " I say I have done my duty, and that you have failed in yours. But, for the sake of the children I love, for the sake of being near kith and kin I can call my own, I have submitted, asking God on my knees for patience to submit to a yoke which fettered me-made me little better than a menial in your house-though a lady born and bred. Now I submit no longer. I- will not remain here after this night." She made a movement as if to retire. But Bob, having regained his composure, came for ward, and put a hand on her arm. She shook it off as if it were a scorpion. Clara's eyes welled over with tears ; and Mrs. Dandicrat shifted un easily in her chair, giving short occasional gasps as if about to speak, but failing to find words. " You are all out of temper," Bob said, as his hand was so unceremoniously disposed of, speaking as coolly as if all his petty spite and jealousy had not been bubbling to the surface within the last half hour, and nigh choking him with its bitterness, until he had found his own way of venting it, as we have witnessed. Contemptible as he was, he was not proof against the tender passion which a pretty girl could easily arouse in him ; and Polly was a very pretty girl, as we know, and as Mrs. Dandicrat knew to the cost of her peace of mind. He loved her, and in his jealous anger had contri buted muoh to his mother's blaze of wrath. But now that the result would be Polly's flight and permanent absence-an issue of events upon whioh he had never counted-he was as anxious to subdue the flame as he had been to fan it, that Polly might be induced to alter her unlooked-for decision. " All out of temper, through a baby's prattle. Ma never meant what ;she~said,~ Polly. How can you listen to. a child's talk. And, besides-" " Hold yer tongue," exclaimed Mrs. Dandicrat, finding voice at last through' fear of another threatened peril. Her son's attempt at amelioration did not have the desired effect. To the contrary« it alarmed her, and gave a stinging sharpness to what she said. She stood jip again ; hekfakejpurpling with rage; herladyismentirelysoared'away; her head bobbing irresistibly. until, it, seemed <in danger of rolling on the floor. T "Hold yer tongue.' If she wants to go/"let her s fgo.;{Ter jfather/ slve^j^D^j^j^ellike^^^er toinsult me/Letïher*go&i;ïiêll"yezV«>r I jist die? mean every word I was;.after ..8Ay^hV^;rI<et.her Clara here prevented Polly-from carrying,out a . second attempt to .leave thé^ room ; by. throwing a protecting arm round her waist,' as she 'exclaimed, " And I say she shall hot go¿ ; Father^ willed 'her to stay." ; 1 ? '' :- ... .....:«>: » "Yes, dear, I must"goj" Polly said, firmly. "My father is dead. His daughter has.nothing to protect her from insult and injury but herj own will and spirit, whioh she now dares to assert." So she put Clara's arm from her "gently/ând pressed it meaningly as she did so. " Then; ^with a last look at the angry mother, ,whp; with, a clenched fist seemed about to strike her rebellious ohild, she turned for the third time, and; at last made her exit from the room.' ; ^ ..?<??? ! s >> bah Between 10 and ll that same night, when she was supposed to be in bed, and the house was silent, though not in darkness, as its stuccoed walls, and lofty pillars, supporting the broad verandah roof gleamed dazzling white under -the shower of brilkanoe from a clear full moon, she was still up, dressed in a loose flowing gown/and flitting noiselessly about the room, which had"ho light but that of the snowy queen of night, pour ing her rays through a window with its blind and curtains drawn away that no beam should be ob scured. Her face was set in determination, and as pale and pure as the moon itself ; while every now and again in passing the window Bhe would stop and clasp her hands with an upward look, to the bright heaven as if to invoke its protection. A timid little knock at the locked door made her start from one of these prayerful attitudes td say very softly, though somewhat impatiently-" "Who isthat?" : '- ^??f.i>nA " Open the door," came a girlish voice through the key hole in a stage-like {whisper>,.;ir«^Let .me'in/^n-si :uhr ,v i wi ali };n;/,.-Í7fMf»,jV/So od ir ' Polly knew the voice, and admitted its 'owner at ôncë.v;' ;('ii'; ;<ï'r/ c- SWH.-QI y»)mi;ï\m* ñHJ\t>«;& . "Clara, your mother will be angry;£ Gio to bed."1-"' ' ??V'wn \\-m.'V^1?,:.Ji ? j; btxA " What for; why are yon not in bed..P^iatj^xjq gated Clara, as she advanced and shut |iie^dpofr behind her as quietly 'as a; midnfëhtïïbVglar might have done. - ->!i -. '.?>' t-.-.-.KeiV'^F.Î.I 0 " I can't sleep for one thing j and I must pack for another. You see." T ' 5 f ^ f ! And Polly, thus excusing herself, pointed to an open box already half packed, and then to an open chest of drawers, half empty, Ï " But why don't you have a light?" "Am I not already provided?" Polly replied, gravely, glancing upward at the mooni again. "Heaven sends me light, as it wiU send me food, raiment and shelter. It is sufficient." ¡, " Oh, don't talk like that," cried Clara,,"you make me shiver. Everything looks so weird and ghastly in this light ; and you yourself look like a ghost, and talk like one. I-^I couldn't go to béd for thinking of you. I guessed you were up." "You are always kind and thoughtful for me." "What is tue use of it, if I. am so powerless to do as I wish. I am not powerless to talk;'thank goodness. Come here, Polly. Leave yourj<paok ing. I must talk to you." Clara drew her cousin over to the bed and made her sit down at its foot side by side with her, and then spoke 'again. " Must you go ; leave Kew ; leave we ? t? "Ask yourself, dear, what you would dom my place P You know I have borne much in the hope of winning your mother's favor in'! jtime, that she might know me for what I am. But this afternoon has changed me strangely. My "meekness hitherto now looks to me too much like self-abasement ; my patience-mean humility." She had been thinking of Farnborough's implied surprise at her sufferance of Mrs. Dandicrat's hate. He was partly answerable for this change in her, perhaps. " You know, Clara," she con tinued, " a worm will turn, being trodden upon, and I am a woman. Am I to hold myself aloof from an old and valued friend that no baBe motives may be imputed to me, as I know they have been? Shall I bend to thiBrod of your mother's, fawn to it, kiss it ? Would you ? No, you would not. You would starve or beg-as I will, rather than be beholden to her for another day." (TO BB CONTINUED.) '-. . -..- - .. i 