EVANGELICAL CHURCH AT SUTHERLAND. On Saturday af'ernoou the little village o? S ithcrland, ou the Illawarra line, was quite en /Wc — all the inhabitants being dressed in their best — on the occasion of the laying of the foun dation-stone of the Evangelical Jubilee Church in connection with the Franco-Au.struli.iti Mis- sion. A number of visitors journeyed up t'rorn Sydney and wore met on arrival by all the chil dren of the place drawn uu in order and hold ing Rugs, which ftiplir, together with the prt t- tily-decoratcd station, gave the scene quite an air of festivity. Tho children then formed a prcc ssion, and, together with the visitors, marched to the site of tli-i church, winch was also weii decorated with Hag.-, wild tio vers and motto8. Homo of the nrincipil visitors theu arranged thcin-olvcs on tne platform, including Mr. \V. Neill, mana-er of the Citv Bank : Dr. and Mrs. Eichicr, Mr. C. K. ArJill, Rev. \V. Dill Muckav, Mr. K. Krceland, I lev. W. K. An derson, pastor of the Krancj-Austr.ilian -Mis sion, ami others representing the various Chris tian denominations. The church is uot to bo a very pretentious buildinu, as the present population will not warrant the erection of a very costiy edifice, but it will be built with a view to the comfort of the congregation. It will be about I'd x '-\>ft. in .-ice, and is oa freehold ground. Attached to the church will be a residence lor the pastor, which w;U bo built in the same degree of stylo as the church. The building cf the church will cost between £250 aud £80U iu all. Mr. Win. Do we is the builder. Jlev. W. P. Anderson, in opening the pro ceedings, said that the Sutherland people had the hoimr of erecting the lirst Kvunijclieal Church in New South Wales in this Jubilee year, and he wa> pleased to see many of i hose peopie present at the introductory cere mony. As they knew, the Mayoress aud Airs. Admiral Fairfax wore to have been present last Saturday to perforin the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone, but on account of the wet Mrs. Fairfax was unable to come out, and the Mayoress was too unweii to leave the house, hc-ncc it was postponed till this .Satur day, ile had now received a letter from Mrs. Kiiey, stating that she had made arrangements to atiend another engagement to-day, aud so would be unable to attend ; and also an in oiogy from Mrs. Fairfax, enclosing her contribution to tho offerings on the stone. Therefore, he would call upon Mr. XeilJ, manager of the City Bank, and who was one of the Sydney cotisu's, to perform the needful ceremony ; and when he had dune so, he (Mr. Ander-on) would Lo pleased to receive their freewill offerings on the stone. After a hymn had been sting and prayer offered up bv the Rev. W. Dill Mack.iy, tne Rev. W. F. AXDMlhiON read a portion of God's Word, ami then c-:«d he would speak for a short time on the words that were to be found in the 85th verse of the t'tli chapter of the Gospel ac cording lo -St. Luke, u And there came a voice from out of the clouds saying, This is my bei »vcd .Son, heir ye him." He s.aidj that no one had scut hiui out to Sutherland to preach, but when be heard that there wa-» no church ou that line past iiuvstvike, he laid the matter before tho Lord with the remit that he was encouraged to proccel there on his mission, lie had been, up to the present time, holding services at the railway station Sunday after Sunday, but he honed that by November they wouid he worshipping in the church. Though they had only ..-ecu worshipping there a few Sundays, he thought that a number ol pc'jp'e had aiready secured tho crown of life. There they would uot meet with any jsp-.-cial sect, hut i heir services would be purely Fvan- goiicnb Ou the platform now there were re presentatives of the good oid Scotch Church — of which denomination many of th.m would remember Dr. Lang, of the church at Cuurch-lulh as a good old representative— the Baptist, Wo.s- Icyan, Congregational, Churcn of Kngland ami others, auu their services iu tut- new church would be such that members of ail tin.1 so . r t s could attend, where thev could hear tho Good Word without the di-tiuctiuu of denominations. Yc.i, all ye, h"»ryt Iiim, and lie wi;I guide alt your words ami actions. He then called upon Mr. Neili to perform the ceremony lor which they hud met. a no pre sented him with a mallet aud trowel suitably Mr. Nitn.r. said he was greatly liattccd by the honor tint had been placed upon him, but he would much rather hav»i h i i tho Maj orca lay the sialic, as lie was sure that she wouid have done it a groat dcai better than him, us it was the first time he hud ever been called upon to take part in such a cerc-rnonv. However, as Mr?. Kiiey was absent he supposed he must do what was required of him. He was glad to see so many people present, and especially so many children, as it was upon them that the working of churches wouid fail iu uuure. lie was pleased that Mr. Anderson hrui been guided to come to this place, as he was sine that lie would do a great ileal of good in his work. This placo of worship would bo unite apart from any de nomination or sect, and would be simpiy for tho spread of the truth, and lie sincerely h'op.'d that it would result in many people of 'the dis trict receiving the truth. He then proceeded to perform the duty which had been placed upou him. A metal box containing a copy of the Eng- l:sh bible, a copy of the Fieuch Bible, one Kruno-Australian mission Manuel Can- tiquer," one Sankey's iiynm books, copies of 7,7" J.'nty .?y, Morulnf/ //a\u<h at ay Ae.r-, the .'ffjCftuVaa Chri.-ticii UWd, I in; iU:i'hd (.htui ut' l!u- Nea, mid the Snt-nrbun in ; aua a document giving Hie particular.- of the church, signed by most of the ladies and gentlemen prcsen:, was then deposited in a cavity underneath the stone. Mr. Neil I theu prcC-eded with nis part of the ceremony, declaring the si one web ami trifiy laid in the name of God the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. A sutu of £17 Ids. was theu laid oa tiie atone as a contribution. Tne proceedings then terminated with the singing of a hymn aud the benc.lictioo. 