Baptism of sir. Jerome Cle ment "Vernon, lately of ttie __ Jesuit College, Melbourne-. Last Sunday night, the Particular Baptist- Chapel, of which Pastor D. Allen is the pas tor, was crowded with a congregation that included all denominations, even the Roman Catholic Church baine- ranrARAnt-a/i rpha galleries and aisles were full, and even in tho vestry there were some people. The large congregation of different denominations had assembled to witness the reception, the true Catholic Church of Christ, of Mr. Jerome Clement Vernon, who recently left the-Jesnit College, at Kew, Melbourne, where he was a lay brother preparing for the priest hood, and with the garb of the Jesuits threw away all the blasphemies and traditions of the apostate Church of Rome, by which she. has made the Word of God of none effeot. TbeBaptists get their designation from their adherence to the old custom, which they hold \- "with very good reason was observed in the time of the Apostles, who followed a similar practice to that of John the Baptist, and im merse the whole person of the believer who desires baptism under the water. There is ao' doubt that the Greek word for baptism means " dip," not sprinkle, which is the cus tom in many Christian Churches at present. The Baptists are particular in observing to the letter the command of our Lord to bap tize, .or dip. For the dipping a large cistern with steps leading down to it is provided in the Church, below the raised rostrum. The pastor took for his text Acts XXII., 16th verse — "And now why tarriest thou ? Arise and be baptised, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord." Without introduc tion the past or began by saying — "We shall in the first place notice the inquiry, secondly the command, thirdly the symbolical design, and fourthly the manner in which the obe dience was to bo rendered. " ' And now why tarriest thou ?' The copu lative 1 and' demnnds the consideration of the preceding conflict of the Apostle. " 1. He had been converted from sin to God, turned from darkness to light — translated out of the kingdom of darkness into the kingdom of God's dear Son. He had been changed from hating Christ and His people, to the fervent love of Him and them. From his own self-righteousness to trust alone in the righteousness of the Lord Jesus. Therefore it was said Jo him ' And now why tarriest thou ? Arise and be baptised.' "2. He had seen the Lord in the way, and heard his solemn voice calling unto him 'Saul, Siml, why persecutest thou Me?' whioh certainly was an effectual calling ; as we sing — « « Why was I made to hear Thy voice, And enter while there's room ? While thousands make a wretched choice, And rather starve than come.' — And this great ApoBtle of the Gentiles ever afterwards answered — " ' 'Twas the same love that spread the feast That sweetly forced me in, Else I had still refused to taste, And perished in my sin.' — And it was to such a man as this that the question was put 'And now why tarriest thou ?' " 3. He had also received the Holy Ghost ; taking off the things which are Christ's and revealing them to his soul in the majesty of His blessed power. He bad Bhed abroad His love in his heart, which constrained him to all holy things. He took of Christ's blood and applied it to Paul's guilty conscience, which purged his every stain away, and made his peace with God. He also took of His glorious righteousness and put it upon himi Lest a shadow of a spot should on his soul be found. " ' He took the robe the Saviour wrought And cast it all around.' — He also took of boundless mercy and filled him as a vessel of mercy, so that he could truly say ' I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly and in unbelief ; and also, God, who is rich in mercy, for His great love, wherewith He haB loved us, hath quickened us together with Christ.' " 4. He was also aKehosen vessel to bear Christ's name unto tha Gentiles, and tell the wonders of His love. He was to tell to sin ners around what a dear Saviour he had found. He was to point to his redeeming blood and say ' Behold the way to God.' And this was the kind of man to whom min isters of the Gospel in Apostolic days said 1 And now why tarriest thou? Arise pnd be baptised " Let ub now trace the parallel between this saved sinner and the brother ab'out to be baptised. In breaking him from his former religion and bringing him into fellowship with this sect that is everywhere spoken against, we notice four things which God manifested in his mind — "1. In his devotions at his mass-God, God led him to see it was full of little worms and weavels ; then He showed him that it was impossible for his God to be eaten by worms like that, and he had a thousand strong doubts that by nature it could be no God. " 2. He was led to see that his pardoning gods, the priests, by their unholy lives could be no gods at all, nor in reality give him ab solution. " 3. God led him to see that his interceding goddess, the Virgin Mary, could not hear prayere all over the world,: she not being omnipresent, which Borne herself in effect affirms. He therefore saw that though he was kneeling to her in prayer, six hours a day, she could not hear his prayers, and that there was only one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. " 4. God led him to see that tbe Church of Borne was a bibleless Church, and though they had readings of the lives of the saints at every meal, and prayers to the saintB for many hours every day, both in private and public, they had no reading nor prayers from the -Bible, Therefore God showed him that the- bibleless Church of Borne could not be the Church of the living God. " There are four positive things relative to his salvation, which makes his case analogous to the Apostle Paul. "1. He was renewed in the spirit of his mind, and put in possession of a life to see and feel what he never saw before. "2. He was led to feel and see his own iniquity as a burden too grievous to be borne by him". As Newton sayB— Great God, from whom there's nought con- Thou seost my inmost frame ; cealed, To Thee I alwayB stand revealed Exactly as I am. Since therefore I can hardly bear What in myself I see, How vile and black must I appear Most Holy God to Thee.' " 3. This led him to call upon the Lord in prayer for pardon and peace, that he might be saved and receive God's own absolution ; and after three days and three nightB wrest ling with the Lord, it pleased Him to have mercy upon him. " 4. The Lord, in answer to these prayers, applied in the power of the blessed Spirit to hiB heart and conscience, the following words of the Lord Jesus : — ' Come unto Me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you reBt. For My yoke is easy and My burden is light, and ye shall find rest unto your souls.' And therefore the words of Ananias to the Apostle were made applicable to him, ' And now why tarriest thou ? Arise and be baptised, and wash away thy sin, calling uppn the name of the Lord.' " Mr. Jerome Clement Vernon, the candidate for the ordinance of baptism, delivered a short address. He stated that his father was a- Bitualistic cleryman of the Church of Eng land, and that when he was about eight years old his father joined the Church of Borne, and he and his sister were then received into that Church. His mother remained a Pro testant, and he believed that it was in answer to her prayers that he had been brought out of that apostate Church. His mother died about two years after his father's perversion, and then his father was at once ordained priest, and joined the Oratorian order at Brompton, London, where he remained until his doath, which occurred about two years after joining the order. It being his father's wish that he should become a priest, he (the speaker) at once began hiB studies ; first, at the Dominican Convent, Stono, Staffordshire, where he remained for six years. From there he went to a Jesuit College in Dublin, where he remained two years, and then was sent to a Jesuit College in London, where he re- mained until eighteen montliB ago. Having expressed a deBire for foreign or colonial miBBion work, he was sent out to the late Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, who was to admit him to the priesthood. He was entered at the Jesuit College, Melbourne, to complete his studies. At this time he was a sincere Boman Catholic, and believed every dogma of the Bomish Church. But twelve months before last Christmas he had doubts as to the truth of the dogma of transubstantiation. He told his .confessor of his doubts, and he told him that the doubts were from the devil, and that he was to resist them. His father con fessor also gave him severe penances to do. But the doubts became stronger, and stronger, and becoming convinced of the sham and imposture of the Bomish system he threw the whole overboard, and became an infidel at heart, though outwardly remaining a Boman Catholic. By the advice of his confessor his ordination was delayed for a time. Feeling that his position in the Bomish Uhurch waB a false one, ho set about plans to make his escape. He could not do this openly or mention his desire to escape to his superiors, because he would at once have been deprived of the little physical liberty he then enjoyed. So he put himself into communication with two Protestant ministers, who assisted him to get away to Sydney, where he found out PaBtor Allen, who gave him a very hearty1 welcome. After several weeks study of the Bible, he found there the answer to his ques tion, "What is truth?" "Thy Word is truth," and accepted the Bible, and the Bible only, as the only ground of hope for a sinner's salvation. After crying to God for pardon and mercy, ho found in Christ his Saviour and his all. The Word of God was to be found in the Bible, and study of that had led him to believe that tbe command of Christ had been to baptize. The word baptize in the original meant to dip, and so though he had twice been baptized — sprinkled first in the Church of England, and again in the Church of Bome, and though he did not look upon baptism as being actually essential, or conferring any special gift, yet as he had no doubt that the command of Christ was to dip, he wished to conform in everything to the wishes and commands of Christ, and had therefore sought baptism according to the command of Christ that night. Mr. Vernon said he had no doubt that his conversion waB an answer to the prayers of bis Protestant mother, who had remained a Protestant when his father brought the rest of the family over to Bome. He spoke especially to any Boman Catholics who happened to bo present, and told how bis heart bled for them as he passed St. Francis' Boman Catholic Church that morning, and saw them kneeling, even in the the yard, performing their blasphemous superstitious devotions. A hymn was sung, and then the candidate having descended to the edge of the water, Pastor Allen spoke of the various threatening letters received, and of a pistol sent the day be fore with a threat, and called upon any Boman Catholics who might havo sent those things to -Bhoot, for both he and Mr. Vernon were pre pared to leave thiB world whenever God willed. The pastor then went down into the water with Mr. Vernon, and dippad him into it, baptising him in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The pastor then, standing on the steps that led down to the water addressed a few more words to the congregation. A verse of the Old Hundredth was sung, and the congrega tion dispersed, much impressed with the service and the ordinance of baptism, ad ministered according to the most ancient scriptural custom. . : We understand that some enquiries have Bince been made, and that a Boman Catholic lady sent Mr. Vernon a request that he would visit her, which invitation he very gladly availod himself of. He had a very interest ing' conversation with her, prayed with her, and presented her with a New Testament, the study- of which she has commenced. May she be given grace to continne the study of tbe Holy Scriptures, to understand the glor ious promises made in them to mankind, and be caused to draw close to the Saviour, from whom the apostate Boman Church tries to keep her faithful, by interposing : priests, saints, and Virgin: between sinful man and the only mediator between man and God, even the man. Jesus Christ. 