THE DAILY NEWS. \------------------------------------------- FRIDAY, JUNE 18, 1887. thE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH. CONTRARY to the general expec- tation, the speech with which Sir Frederick Napier Broome opened the present session of the Legislative Council was the most important one he has delivered upon a similar occa- sion during his tenure of office in this Colony. His Excellency had a mes- sage to deliver, and for once a policy to announce— the message was one of menace, and the policy one of re- action. Briefly summarised the Gov- ernor's remarks upon the one burning political question of the day — the pro- posed reform of the present constitu- tion — may be stated under the follow- P ing three heads :— 1. He has again raised the old bogie of Separation to frighten the Liberal party ; 2. He holds out a threat that if a motion in favor of the adoption of Responsible Government be passed during the present session, he will dissolve the House and hold a general election this year ; 3. He advises that the question of raising a new loan should be allow- ed to remain in abeyance, until that of constitutional reform be settled one way or another. It would be useless for us not to recog- nize that his Excellency has not only created some amount of dismay among all sections of the community, but also that it is calculated to produce most serious evils if the people allow them- selves to be over-awed by the threats held out or over- ruled by the advice tendered to them. For our part we would strongly advise the colonists to laugh at the one and disregard the other. If the Imperial Government be so blind to the interests of this de- pendency of the. British Crown, and be so indifferent to the strongly ex- pressed and almost unanimous opinion of the colonists as to insist upon the division of the province as the price to be paid for obtaining political freedom —then all that is left for the Liberal party to do is to stick to their colours, and emphatically declare that they will have Responsible Government at any cost, Separation or no Separation. Why Sir Frederick Broome should have thought fit to endeavour to create disunion among the colonists by striv- ing to set the North against the South we cannot divine, but his conduct is none the less reprehensible for all that. What, we may ask, is the North to us that we are to continue under Downing- street tutelage and remain tied to the apron-strings of the Colonial Office in order to keep unimpaired the in- tegrity of the land of our adoption and birth ? The South can better af- ford to do without the North, than the North can afford to separate from the South. The latter must always depend upon the former for her sup- plies, while owing to geographical position Perth must ever be the Capi- tal of Western Australia. But, accord- ing to the Governor, Her Majesty's Government are of opinion " that it would not be practicable to surrender to a Parliament representing a small population, principally resident in the Southern Districts, the control of all the vast territory of Western Austra- lia" Such an assertion is utterly ab- surd upon the face of it. Why should it not be ' practicable,' when for years past we of the South have virtually moulded and controlled the destinies of the North ? We have opened up the land and developed the resources of the northern portion of our terri- tory—we have founded towns there, and have constructed hundreds upon hundreds of miles of telegraph lines in country which but a few years ago was a complete terra incognita— we have provided regular steam communi- cation between the far-distant port of Wyndham and Fremantle, the sea port of the Capital— and we have at no inconsiderable expense provided and maintained the expensive machin- ery required for the due administra- tion of justice, the maintenance of order and the protection of life and property in the north-eastern portion of our vast territory ; and yet we are now to be told that it is not ' prac- ticable' to entrust us with the control of a portion of our territory for which we have already done so much. But there is another point from which this question may be viewed. Of all the provinces into which the Continent-Island is divided, Western Australia is the only one whose bound- aries were defined by Imperial statute at the time of its foundation as a Colony ; and we insist that no Imper- ial Government, nor any other author- ity can now interfere with, or in any way alter or vary those boundaries without the express sanction of the colonists. But Western Australians do not wish for such monstrous inter- ference, nor have they ever clamoured to have their national inheritance divided into two portions. On the contrary the inhabitants of the North are well satisfied now that they are fairly represented in the Legislature, and they are the very last persons to desire to see that portion of the pro- vince erected into a Crown Colony. But supposing that the Imperial Gov- ernment carried their audacious threat into effect, in what position would the people of the Northern districts be placed? They— a mere handful of men— would be saddled with the then enormous expense of maintaining that most costly of all evils— a Crown Gov- ernment. In case of separation they would be called upon by the South to pay their fair share of the amount re- quired to provide pensions for retiring officials, besides also having to pay their quota of the interest of our loans— no inconsiderable portion of which has been expended upon the construction of public works in the North. In addition to which the South would hold a mortgage over the telegraph lines that now stretch through the northern districts— the South would at once clap on a protec- tive duty upon every article of com- merce landed in southern territory — progress would be retarded, and un- mitigated disgust, profound dissatis- faction and general stagnation would be the result. But the people are not going to be scared by the bogie of Separation, which has again been raised in the vain hope of deterring them from in- sisting upon having their inalienable rights. Sir Frederick Broome ad- vises us to ' hold together for a year or two longer,' by which he means that the colonists should consent to postpone their demand for Home Rule for that period of time. But we can assure his Excellency that West- ern Australians intend to ' hold to- gether' for the future as they have done in the past, and that they have not the remotest intention (to use his own infelicitous phrase) of ' separating themselves." Besides, if the people acted upon the Governor's advice, the position then would be the same as it is now, and the old bogie Separation would be again raised to induce still further delay. But the advice is radic- ally bad, for if the North be too much for the South to manage now, it will be far more too much to control a few years hence. But to attempt to deal with this spectre of Separation is like fighting with a ghost — there is no- thing palpable to contend against, and therefore it is a mere waste of time. Suffice it, however, to say, once and for all, that the Imperial Government will find Western Australians will never agree to the separation of their province — and that they will insist upon being placed on a political level with the other Colonies, at any cost. Neither time nor space will allow of our now dealing with the other por- tions of his Excellency's speech, but we shall discuss them upon another occasion. 