CRUMBS. Jubilee. Wintry. Long live the Queen. Mote man-millinery. Gay and feBtive time. Waste of the Empire. Our only beadle dead. " Our beloved Queen." God bless Her Majesty. Tailors' Jubilee harvest. Jubilee colour—lavender. The Fisk Jubilee Singers. "The Japanese Village." "Crumba" salutes Sir John. Sir Thomas Elder, G.C.M.G. Swarm of Victorians arrived. Chicago wheat ring collapsed. How about those knighthoods. Taffey is now paying his tithes, Hew jubilee coinage in Sydney. Honour to whom honour is due. Knight Grand Gross Tom Elder. Monday the shortest day in 1887. The immortal custody of the Press. The Queen has thrown her weeds aside. Monday a red-letter day in school-world. Mr. Smith not knighted. What a shame ! There have been thirteen Princes of Wales. Port Labour Societies boycotting the city. London police on the watch for dynamiters. Grand turn-out of new toggery on Tuesday. Beacon fires throughout England and WaleB. The idea of sending the Governor to Hong kong! "Peace 'on earth and goodwill amongst men." Manly sports overdone—Hear, hear, Mr. Sala. Hard work is an excellent substitute for genius. Little fear of South Australia becoming extinct. The pomp and circumstance of Exhibition opening. Adelaide illuminations the shabbiest of the colonies. Sweet girl graduate ahead of the Cambridge mashers. Send the Jubilee record to your friends far and near. His Excellency has an affection for South Australia. German and Austrian Press complimenting John Bull. The keystone of success iu business is advertising. Of 13 Princes of Wales only three came to the Throne. Girton College lady students beating their big brothers. Victoria about to issue intercolonial penny postal cards. Heart-burnings over South Australian works of art. Hew South Wales has had its Jubilee Rail way accident. 3,800 visited the Exhibition after the open ing ceremony. Ebby will support no Ministry who trilled with Protection. Oh ! 1 am so sorry I didn't get a lavender dress for to-day! Archbishop Carr can't see any injustice in bazaar swindles. The Governor has an excellent voice and rare enunciation. A first-rate present to your friends abroad To-day's Observer. Major-General Downes astonished to find himBelf so popular. " He that is greatest among you let him be the servant of all." Chinese Commissioners can talk English and drink whisky. We must be partners not hirelings as regards federation. ThoEe who saw the Exhibition opening will never forget it. City folks not much to blow about over their illuminations. Mr. A. M. Simpson is a candidate for the Legislative Council. Quite an Evangelical Alliance over the Jubilee free dinner. Fruit-shipping Syndicate proposed for Mel bourne and Sydney. The audience iuvoluntarily joined in the grand Old Hundred, London Jubilee celebration the grandest event of the century. Even little Tasmania outshone S.A. iu its Jubilee illuminations. Ormuz has beaten the record between Adelaide and Plymouth. Australian youth running more to limbs than brains, says G. A. S. Xuei-day's Heyister was the largest ever issued in South Australia. Fancy basiifu' Tammas Elder in a blue eatiu robe—and improver! All the details of the opening ceremony were admirably carried out. The homo authorities have uo excuse for not granting the knighthood. Lord Brasscy, like G. A. Sala, is agreeably astooithed with the colonies. The aboriginals of S.A. can rebuke the bad mannered Republicans of Sydney. " Learn to labour and to wait." That will do for E. T. S. as to the knighthood. Averaging wool resulted in loss of £130 to Sydney railways from one firm alone. The sublime and simple strains of the Old Hundredth, as sung by our forefathers. The Queen saved a war by toniug dawn a despatch. That's a fact to be proud of. The brave but extravagant Edward III. had the second regal jubilee in England. Two million Jubilee visitors estimated to have flocked into Britain's Little Village. Too bad that our own dear old Sammy should be left out of the Jubilee honours. Sir James Lorimer startled the British military men with his knowledge of guns. Why democratic institutions if the people cannot hare on demand a birthday honour ? Our colony, though 50 years of age, is not growiDg old, but rather renewing its youth. Singular! Trotting Club received exactly fifty nominations for their Jubilee Meeting. The celebrations of the woek constitute a series of eveDtB absolutely unique iu history. Only sixty Knights Grand Cross, and we are now to have oue of them " in our midst," Did not Tommy Atkins's eyes light up when he caught sight of his old Comman dant. The deceased beadle was the means of saving the Arcade from being burnt down lately. Our jolly Agent General hasn't dined at home for three weeks. Chance to cut his screw. Four Princes of Wales have married, but of these only one made a Princess of WaleB a Queen. Sunday to be observed at Port Darwin as well as Sydney. Chinamen and agitators object. What a grand thing itisJnbileecomesonly once in fifty yearn, and usually only once in a lifetime. Why did not the police arrest some of those who insulted the representative of Her Majesty ? Small boy at free breakfast—" Golly ain't it nice; only don't ccme often enough this Jubilee." But no jubilee eo worldwide and heartfelt is known to history equal to that of Queen Victoria. The shortest day has passed, and summer is coming — present appearances not with- j standing. The advantage of a State Church is that the Parliament can review the utterances of clergymen. Passengers per Chimboraz 3 in time to see Exhibition opening and go on to Melbourne aiteraarde. A South Australian young lady suggests an address to the Queen about her forgecfnlness J of our Mayor. It is to be hoped Hon. Alec, will let the public have a peep at Queen Margaret and King Malcolm. Trotting Club has kept racing alive in Adelaide for the past two years, and deserves public snpport. Orroroo Oddfellows make tempting offers to athletes to visit the enterprising township on September 1. Better the appreciation of those who know him best than an empty title as often mis placed as deserved. Pity the old folks cannot imitate the gathering of the youngsters, and drop their sectarian differences. The pathetic ceremonial of Saturday at J Glenelg was a parable of the colony's history for centuries to come. Here's a jolly go! Thirty or forty people have sent acceptations to the Mayor's ball who were not invited. Mr. Coglin expects to get rest for body and mind in the Legislative Council. Is it Home for Incurables ? Lord Brassey speaks highly of the compare- : tively happy condition of the working | classes in the colonies. What lively timeB we should have if the Assembly took parsons to task for their | sermons and speeches. "Mr. Smith has the happiness of knowing that his zealous public labours are appreciated ] by his fellow colonists." An old fossil bull-pancher offers to send the first bullock-dray used in S. A. to decorate the Old Colonist Court. Delegate Deakin evidently hasn't met our Rowley, when he lamentB the colonial lack of high intellectual culture. 13,000 [youngBters earnestly engaged with 13,000 saveloys and rolls, with an eye to the conquest of 13,000 oranges. Will Mr. Salom let the Jewish address remain a week or two ? It is a work of art with an educational value. Revs. Drs. Bevan, of Melbourne, and Jefferis, of Sydney, will be in Adelaide for two Sundays in September. Despitel the anxious, depressed times, the jubilee of George 111., the third on record was the joyest then known. The first sovereign's jubilee in English history was that of the weak vaccilating and not popular King Henry III, Edward the Black Prince was the first Prince of Wales, and he married his cousin | Joan, the Fair Maid of Kent. The cost of sea carriage between Mount Gambier and Adelaide is greater than be tween Germany and Adelaide. The late Mr. David Kennedy, the Scottish vocalist, left behind him £15,000, the result of his various tours round the world. It is not perhaps an unmixed evil that the Jubilee comes under circumstances which make reflection imperative and nseful. The Governor pleased to, travel where his imperfections are forgotten. Will Sir j William please explain the hidden meaning ? Summer in England Now simmer blinks on flowery braes And o'er the crystal streamlet plays. "The beet and brightest decoration Her | Majesty will wear on her day of Jubilee will be the pure white flower of her blameless life." _ Peacock-like, Ebenezer strutted about, spreading all bis oratorical feathers and basking proudly in the sunshine of aris tocracy. Sir William wishes he could [speak on agri cultural and pastoral interests. He had better take lessons from Professor Mc Minnies. In the Chinese Commissioners we have the accredited representatives of a nation grey with age whoa the natural life of .the mother country began. "Do you know the nature .of an oath, ma'am?" enquired the Judge. "Well, I reckon Iorter," was the reply; "my husband is a bullock-driver." Philadelphia comes to the front with the champion modest young lady. When she hangs stockings out on the clothes-line she puts veils over them Taunton, in Somerset, is now completely illuminated by the electric light instead of gas, this being theonly town in England at present thus provided. " The time will come when I shall be able to eaj—at the proper time, and in the proper place—something of the work done at the Coulereuce." Quoth Sir John. Rev. N. Macleod, D.D., died June 1G, 1872:— Ob, heavy luss, thy country ill could bear 1 A loss these evil days can ne'er repair. It is not the noisy drumlike senator who luBts after place and pay that develops the colony, but the ploddiug, persevering, per sisted, level-headed man, whose deeds are his only speech. Battle of Waterloo, Jane IS, 1815:— Ibe redcoat lads, wi' black cockauds, J o meet Uitin were na slaw, man; They nibbed aud pushed, and bluds outgushed, And rneiiy a bouk did fa', man. One gentleman was so bewildered that he gave a mirror two or three prods with the umbrella before he identified his own reflec tion in it. He had altered with the trans figuring glory of the Exhibition. "I thought you were born on the 1st of April," said a Benedict to his lovely wife, who had mentioned the 21et as her birth day. " Most people would think eo from the choice 1 made of a husband," ehe replied. Kittle of Bothwell Bridge, June 20,1G79 Now wae to thee, thou cruel lord ! A bluidy man I trow tbou be; For mony a beart tbou bust made sair That ne'er did wrong to thine or tbee. Glenelgite writes :—" Can you inform me if tbe rumour is true that a new book is shortly to be published, entitled 'How to gain notoriety, or the old name rubbed out,' by W. F. Stock, M.P., Mayor of Glenelg?" It is a good thing tor some of those who hisBed on Tuesday that there were no police men about like Mr. Tolmer, who, in the days of Governor Grey, thrashed a man that offered an insult to the Queen's representa tive. Home opened in London for Daughters of Soldiers, June 17.1858:— Our bumble cot and bamely fare Ye freely shall partake it; Tbat gallant badge, tbe dear cockade, Yb're welcome for tne sake o't. A fanner said to his barber, " Now corn's cheap, you ought to shave for half price " "Can't, Mr. Jones," said the man of razors, "I really ought to charge more ; for when corn's down farmers make such long faces, I have twice the ground to go over." Foundation-stone Military Asylum laid. Jane 20, 1801. My purse is light, I've far to gang, And lain would be thy lodger; I've served my bine and country l&ng.; Take pity on a sodger. In a suburb a large Church stands, the foundation-stone containing the inscription, " To the Glory of God." Through competi tion an insignificant building occupies the opposite side of the road, the stone saying, " To the Greater Glory of God." Alas, for Christian nnity. At a masked ball at St. Petersburg for the benefit of an orphan asylum by the Princess M, De Cnrouesow, in the midst of one of the dances a young lady from Kiew, Mdlle. Davydow, who had recently arrived in the capital, dropped dead in'the arms of her partner. The cause of deatn was paralysis of the heart, due to tight-lacing. Magna Charta signed June 19,1215 In days wben mankind were but callans At grammar, logic, an* sic talente, Ihey tookna pains tbelr speech to balance, Or rules to gl'e, Butspak' their thoughts in plain, braid Lallans, Like you or me. The annexed from the Cairns Post is an original way of reminding subscribers of their debtB:—" Many people seem to be of opinion that we run the Cairns Post on the time payment system. We would gladly do so, but as the staff require the ghost to walk regularly, we are compelled to ask some of our subscribers to let us have some coin— now and again," Mr. Sell&r; iB offended with "Crown Lands," He ought to be pleased that the "Crown" is to be banished in Jubiiee year. Saul amongst the prophets. Sellar joined the MattinBon constellation, to wit— When'er I take a glance bebiad, How many rich I see; There's J. H. A. and P. B. C., Far richer both than me. Everybody is familiar with "silver wedding" as applied to the 25th anniversary, and " golden" for the 50th, and occasionally one meets with the phrase " diamond wedding," meaning the 75th. Here is the list entireFirst anniversary, iron; 5th wooden ; 10th, tin; 12th,brase; 15th, crystal; 20th, china; 25th, eilver; 30th, cotton ; 35th, linen; 40th, woollen; 45th, silk; 50th, golden; and 75th, diamond. As a rule the colonies do not pay anything towards the coBt of the troops provided by the mother country. Hut there are excep tions. Hongkong pays a subsidv of £22,000, £37,600, Ceylon and Malta £5,000. The Mauritius, however, sets the most praise worthy example in tnia respect, for upwards of £15,000 is paid out of its comparatively small revenues towards the expenses of its garrison of 534 men, the total cost of whom is a little iesB than £50,000. An order was made in the Houbs of Lords, May, 1776, " that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Excise do write circular letters to all such persons whom they have reason to suspect to have plate." In reply to this order John Wesley wrote" Sir—I have two silver teaspoons in London and two at Bristol. This is ail the plate which I have at present; and 1 shall not buy any more while so many round me want bread.—1 am, Sir, your most humble servant, Jons Weslev " It seems hnrdly credible that any oue who has himself died in the jubilee year of Queen Victoria's reign should be the grandson of a man who lived for twelve years under Charles II. Yet this was actually the case with the late Captain Maude. His grand; father, Sir Robert Maude, was born in 1673 ; his father, the first Lord Hawanlen in 1729; and he himself in 1798, Thus three genera tions have covered 213 years, or an average of seventy-one years to a generation, and have lived under ten sovereigns. The good old-faBhioned word " wedding," that once upon a time meant what it said, has now grown to be an equivalent for fuss and feathers and bright lights and flowers, with no thought of all the long vista of years to follow. How often we hear the expres sion, " Oh, no; there was not any wedding, only the ceremony at the Churchand but too often is there a bitter significance in the words so lightly and unwittingly spoken. No wedding of hearts, a mere ceremony unit ing hands or property. The uext subject of debate for the Society of Authors ought to be their social etatus._ Is authorship a profession; and if not, is it a trade? This has always been a vexed ques tion, and it cropped up again in the Gierke a well County Court lately. A witness in a case said he was an author by profession. The Judge said—"I am afraid we don't recognise authors here as professional men." For a moment the witness's reputation hung in the balance, when luckily he remembered that he was also a professional cricketer. That settled it. His claim to being a profes sional man was promptly acknowledged. 