EXPLORATIONS IN NEW. AUSTRALIA. In THE SPY. Vasse TsKisosfrWOODS, F.G.S., F.L.S., 4BK PIIOV.FBI,LOW ROY. ASIATIC SOCIETY, CC. III. Leaving the men to arrange, the camps, I started with Silas Hingston to climb Mount Douglas. It was stoop So rough, and, as in all these hills, the last 30 or 40 feet composed of precipitous escarpment- of sand- stone The view from the summit was, very due date from the utter absence of any sign of human Me about. To the north was the gap through which the M'Kinlay flowed towards the sea. It seemed to lose itself in endless chain, which had but a few Innlatod low hills on the distant horizon to break the monotonous level. To the south of, Mount Walls and the country from which we had come, to the west was a low granite range, and a country of not very inviting aspect, besides two or three others of lantMone, like the hill we wore on. They were how" ever on the eastern side of the river, which seemed to flow along the line of the granite junction. Those sandstone authors were of most fantastic appearance. This is a characteristic of the formation, and gives most weird and curious aspect to the far interior. It has attracted the attention of every explorer, from Mitchell and Leichhardt down to our own day. Thus we have such names as Ruined Castle Creek, Tombstone Creek, Mount Tower, Fortress Hill, Salvator Rosa, &c.; One may imagine anything at the distant prospect of this river sandstone from a ruined city to a vestibule of statuary. The odd likeness assumed by some fragments to the human figure is not the least striking feature, and the stillness of those freaks of nature make them very solemn and ghost-like. Then, as at a nearer inspection every resemblance of human handiwork melts away, one Hoskin a peculiar way the dead silence of these solitudes, To the east and south-east the view was shut out by thick timber on the slopes of the ridge, and this was the more disappointing, as it was the way we wanted to go. The vegetation of the ridge was rather abundant, considering the poor, stony soil. There were Wno tree (Callitris robusta), eucalypti, wattles, and a few small plant? (Protoads), different from the plains, but no good timber, "yVaHabios were numerous, as well U bower birds. These strange bowers, with the heaps of bones, shells (Helix paohystyla), at each end, were very conspicuous. The bones were unexceptionably those of wallabies. On descending from the hill wo" Grosso the gap and mails 8 few magnetic observations, besides collecting plants. In returning we noticed a clump of trees, amid which there was a delightful lagoon of clear water, jewelled with large blue lines (Dymphna gigantea), and margined with a pale green turf as fine and soft g; velvet It was very deep, and full of fish. No one who met on the sward and gazed around would believe that JO green, fresh, and shady a spot was within a hundred miles of the frowning rocks from which we have just descended. We had both bathing and falling, the latter affording us amusement only. We had a splendid night for astronomy, though rather cold for hammocks. Dingoes very troublesome. They made a raid on the pannikins and tin plates, but a charge of shot took their thoughts in another direction. If any was killed its companions must promptly hard administered to its estate and effects, for no traces were to be seen in the morning. "We got away early from the camp into entirely na Down country, leaving the Mackinlay and its tributaries. We could not expect water for many miles in fact we did not know how far the ranges to the eastward extended, Our first experience was not very encouraging All the country around Mount Douglas was in- credibly stony. I can compare it to nothing but a newly-metalled road, except that there was no uniformity in the size of the fragments. It was terribly hard on the horses, besides knocking their shoes to pieces, We had continually to dismount, and thus scarcely accomplished a mile an hour. We hoped that when we got to the ranges it would be better. It was worse. The ridges were SO steep too, that the poor animals would barely got a footing. Moreover, those ridges wow without end. As soon as we got over one, another succeeded, and so on and so on each Ino higher than the last. It was a bright, clear day, bad but we got plenty of views to the eastward cow, and the ranges were legion, and almost treeless and stony. This is what you may call a splendid mineral country, but one can't have every thing. There is absolutely no soil on the ridges, and, for the matter of that, not much in the valleys. The stone is a felsite, by which I mean an intimate mixture of quartz and felspar, in which not a trace of - crystallization is visible. Where the washings and grindings from this substance get carried into the plains and valleys below it forms a white pipeclay, sloppy and boggy in the wet season, barron and dusty in the dry. It speaks volumes for the tenacious character of eucalypti that a few find a home even here, and notably what is called the " nankeen gum " (E. play grylls), of which more by-and-by. There is a curious feature connected with the stones in those ranges, and that is their nearly cubical shape, so matter what their size. This is due to the jointing and cleavage structure of the rocks from which they are derived, and this is due again to the pressure to which the same rocks were subjected) an excess of such pressure probably evolved heat enough to convert such stratified rocks into granite which is, may be, the origin of that represented on the edge of the federation ranges. These got gradually steeper on their south-eastern less, until at last they were nearly precipitous. Then We had to follow the valleys eastward, with dry crooks, iry jungle grass, and many outcrops of mineral veins. They were mostly ironstone and quartz on the surface, but gold, silver, tin, copper, and lead may be expected, By following any of these valleys to the east they would, in two or three miles, lead one clear of the ranges and out into open forest plains, with boulders and small hills of granite crop ting out continually. It was very poor country, but better than the ranges, for there was a sandy soil and tragic grass, no stones, and crooks with water in them. There were tracks of cattle, too, buffaloes and other stock; and most significantly the deep impressions of native feet, as they evidently tracked the animals as game. It is needless to weary readers with the daily record of (Jw tedious exploration of these ranges. Each day's journey may be summed up in this, that we explored in the ranges during the day, and when we got entangled we struck out into the eastern plains, where in a few miles we always found water to camp by. Sometimes we found minerals, and a little gold, and sometimes our home nearly broke their necks or destroyed their shoes, while we held our bones as it were, in our bands from day to day. The weather was very hot and dry, so that our water bags were generally exhausted when we came to camp. We were often hungry, and still more often thirsty, but never well in want for long. So we were all well and cheerful, and that is the way it was, I well remember my own particular delight when we reached our camp on the first day's journey from Mount Douglas. We have struck out into the plains after a very hot and wearisome ride. We had crossed two pro nising looking creeks, but quite dry, which was rather depressing, for we had seen no water since we left the Mackinlay. But suddenly the welcome sight of clumps of screw palms raised our hopes, and then the cheering tones of the screaming; cockatoo-always the faithful herald of water made us sure of a speedy encampment Then a nice green that came into view, was at the end four lovely lagoons with green mossy turf all round it for a bowling-green. The water was wear and deep, with a sandy bottom, and a margin of weeds, out of which good large fishes darted about. Strange fishes they were; some not unlike we long shouted garfish of the sea. I was approach- . g the bank for a nearer view, when a very large wown serpent glided from almost under my foot and plunged into the water. It wriggled under the weeds, was lay with its head just above the surface. I think it was about 9 feet long and of a venomous kind, so I was not bathe in that lagoon. But there might be sweets under the weeds of the water where we took our Men, SO it is not much use thinking of these things, airports or no serpents, baths must be had, and fott_eVaU8t by WUShed at all CSSR is each day's Large serpents come to be valued by explorers as Wholes of food ; but they are not esteemed. I have no! man? i have been obliged to live in thDln' inUr of t It from no 8(luoan»8hnes3, but as a matter 277 given a unanimous verdict against them, lizards, on the other hand, are found to be excellent work, especially the large lace lizard (Hydrosaurus Z ; _ " gelatine." with half a dozen aliases. This poor creature has had much to put up with as a victim i of mistaken identity, especially when BJX feet long and it comes to DO mistaken for a crocodiles In China it is even more highly relished than it is by the population | of Australia, both black and white I have seen them sold in the markets as a great delicacy, to say nothing of their medicinal virtues, which are supposed to be many. j At all our camps the grass was so long and dry that we had to burn around them. That meant a bush fire, a nocturnal illumination ; a camp whom nothing could be kept clean, and where those who bathed and those who didn't were all equally black when the hammocks were spread. The Aros served to rid us of mosquitos, say half the flies, and a tenth part of the ants, and that of course was an appreciable. The latter in number and variety gave me DOW ideas on the subject of ants in Australia, where I thought I had nothing to learn. there was a large metallic green kind, with long jaws and a sting. To do battle with these was imprudent So we let it alone, even though that meant resigning to it considerable portions of food, Sometimes our hammocks, and even our lamps. The wise man tells us to consider the comet, but I am bound to say that the emmet never considered us. Our camp on the second night from Mount Douglas was at a fine watercourse, called Francis Creek, where we found colours of gold, a vein of graphite, and good indications of veins of silver. My object was to study the general geology of the country, so that I might indicate to the prospector where he might go with good chances of success, otherwise by a careful search no doubt in such places as this valuable mines would have been found. South Australia was in a bad way just then, and was waiting with anxiety for my report. It was certainly a marvel to me how for so many years all this rich and valuable country remained unknown and unexplored. At Francis Creek, near our camp, the banks were bold and rocky with a deep reach of water fully a quarter of a mile long. It was fringed with palms and beautifully green banks with very large fish. There will be a fine mining population at this place yet The ground was strangely burrowed in all directions by a kind of rat or bandicoot, which at night time kept us awake. But then it was windy and it was raining, so there was not much sleep to be got out of that camp in any case. The horses were restless, and would not feed, and we found afterwards that there was a camp of natives at no great distance. Perhaps they were prowling about By keeping generally on a south-east course we came upon the Eveleen silver mine in about 50 miles. We travelled very much more than that in traversing the ranges backwards and forwards. Near Mount Douglas we found the granite on the eastern plains to be pink in colour, very coarse, or what is called granite porphyry. As we went southward it was blue and fine- grained, a stone of most excellent quality. The boulders and hills about three miles distance from the Eveleen were very numerous and large, reminding one much of the New England country in New South Wales, Close to the mine the country suddenly changed to limestone, and limestone of a most peculiar kind. The strata were composed of alternate layers of limestone and quartzite, or some other siliceous material. The limestone has of course weathered away much more than the action, which gives rise to the most fantastic appearance in the pinnacles and fragments of the outcrop. The alternate strata are about three inches thick, and the harder mineral juts out in curves and foldings of most surprising form. The result makes the outcrop look like a potter's yard, with heaps of tiles, pipes, etc, on every side. In the midst of this is a very large and rugged outlier some 60 or 70 feet high. It is a series of pinnacles and peaks of a most uneven character, composed partly of limestone and partly of five large parallel veins of argentiferous galena and copper. This is the Eveleen mine. It was just being opened. A line of blazed trees connected the mine with the telegraph line, along which, a few days before our arrival, a small portable steam engine had been dragged. Around the place there was a little clearing, and a few galvanised iron houses going up, with an engine-house and smelting works, The bulk of the population was, of course, Chinese; in fact there were certainly not 20 Europeans on the place, and this was a large proportion for an inland settlement in the Northern Territory. A tribe of blacks had come in from the Mary River, and were working for the settlement in their usual way. They say that the blacks of the Mary River are very peaceable and harmless, but it is not wise to trust any of them, One need not be afraid of them, but keep them at a distance. I stayed at the Eveleen mine for a couple of days. It is a fine property, with very rich silver on the surface, though it must be admitted that copper is a bad neighbour to have with silver. For the present, however, there is silver enough. The only question is whether at this distance from the coast even the best of the best mines can be made to pay. With the stupendous prices for cartage and the present rates of wages, over silver or gold cannot hold their own. But a railway is being built, and these things must improve. I made a few excursions into the bush while at the mine. I had for my companion a well-known prospector, one Harry Roberts, the only survivor from the Daly River massacre, when the natives came down a short time since and murdered all the miners but one. Poor Roberts still carries ghastly marks of the treatment he received, and will carry them to his grave, though one may wonder that they did not carry him there. The weather was too bad for any detailed examination of the country. It was very rough, and much like what we had already passed through, but it was more of a gold-bearing formation. The limestone is a mere patch, and does not cover a square mile of country. To the south of the Eveleen at a distance of four miles an alluvial goldfield was found not long ago by a man named Houschildt He lost his life a few months later while out exploring. The natives most treacherously led him away on a pretence of showing him gold, and then murdered him for the sake of his provisions. I don't think that those blacks are worse or better than their countrymen elsewhere, but human life would never stand long in the way of a blackfellow who could then got a good meal. Every outrage of the kind that has taken place in the Northern Territory has been for the sake of food. Those savages know no better, and are quite ready to do the same against one another. The alluvial diggings referred to extend about nine miles south was d. They are, in my opinion, very rich, but there is not sufficient water except in the rainy season, There are some very rich leaders, in a kind of ironstone cement What I saw contains, I should think, many ounces to the ton. They are all worked by Chinese, and all the gold obtained therefrom goes duly to China. How much or how little that is no one knows ; but we know at least that scarcely to the extent of a penny does North Australia or South Australia benefit by it Surely there is some mistake in letting such a rich inheritance be quietly rifled. If we are so independent as not to want it now, the time will surely come when we may. In those hard times it will not be of much use to refer us to China. Probably no one but Chinese could or would work these mines under present circumstances; but they should be made to pay a tribute of a royalty. But now it is with the utmost difficulty that a few can be made to pay a miner's license of 10s. a-year. Perhaps they think that they deserve some credit for paying anything at all. for there are not 10 policemen in the colony, and the number of Chinese is about 8500. This Eveleen mine is the last of the little patches of settlement which mining has brought about in the interior of the country. To the south-east and due south there lies much unexplored country. The valley of the Mary River is about four miles to the eastward of the mine. This is the river which Stuart explored in 1862, and by means of which he reached the north coast from the tableland. He thought he was on the Adelaide River, a stream discovered many years before in one of the Admiralty surveys. Owing to this mistake of Stuart's there existed much confusion and uncertainty about the river he explored, and as to the identity of the Adelaide. Opinions varied to the extent of placing his track between the Alligator River on the east and the Daly River on the west t. His marked tree could not be found, and some went so far as to say that he never reached the coast at all. At length on organised search was made by a Government survey party, and in 1884: Mr. M'Minn succeeded in finding Stuart's camp and marked tree at the mouth of the Mary River. There could be no mistaking the locality, which corresponds exactly with Stuart's description, and lies between the two little bays which he named, Chambers and Finke Days, after the members of the firm by which he was formerly employed. The Mary River has no defined mouth, so was easily missed by the marine surveys. It loses itself in a series of swamps long before it reaches the coast, and yet it is always a running stream even from its very sources. The Adelaide, on the contrary, has a fine deep channel, and is navigable for many miles, They are near to each other, the Adelaide being the western stream, and drain- ing a good deal of the ranges about 100 miles from the coast. The tree marked by Stuart is a very fine one, and bears the marks quite plainly though they were made 25 years ago. It is a tree of the Euphorbia order, and. is known to botanists as homicyclia, belonging to the phyllanthus tribe. It is not common. Stuart speaks of a tin case buried at the foot of the tree, and that has not been found. But surely natives would never leave a thing of that kind undisturbed. All other traces of Stuart's visit are nearly gQns. We searched in vain for tree marks near where his camps, according to his map and journal, must have been. A few tomahawk marks of doubtful origin, were all who found, A few years ago a camp on the Upper Mary was still to be seen, for he had stayed a day at the place and repaired his saddlery, of which there were many traces. Though there is nothing to disturb these solitudes, it would be a wonder if the camp remains withstood the exposure of . quarter of a century. 