MY WIFE'S SISTER BY GEORGE HUEDIS P0BVE8, Author or " Tub Old Lmrtx a n=» Would." Chapter IX.— Which, if Somewhat Shomto than Usual, Contains a Plot op so Magnitude. ,isl Long, Jong before the Ber. Thomas Kemnu had impriuted what I may term his iirst two footsteps on the sands of time— to be exact, even beforo ho had left England — an event had uLourrcu wmcii was ro lean io great resulta This was a Tisit from Herbert Gosney. However much I may disapprove of his occe- sional unsteadiness aud hiB habitual carelessness to call it by no harder name, in money matters Herbert has cerlain characteristics which have always endeared him to me, and made ma willing to overlook his faults. I like tho quality of calling a spade a spade, and Herbert is the most outspoken young fellow I know. I like a man to have good spirits, and Herbert's never flag. Above all I admire ability, and Herbert has brains of no mean order. It was precisely these brains that I enlisted iu my service, and I must confess that though it cost me a pretty penny I do not regret the expenditure. " I say, Cherry, old man, " he said to me after dinner on the first day of his arrival, "yotj and the — the Temple of Vesta," ho pointed over his shoulder to the door through which Cordolia had just disappeared, " don't seem on tho best of terms." "No! We're not!" Iadmiitcil. " What's up ? " ho asked. " What has she done ? Spit it out, old fellow," Herbert's ex pressions ore more forcible than polite, " aud I will undertake to put matters straight." Now I so yearned for sympathy, I think that I have used tho expression before, however it expresses my feelings to a T, so let it standi, that I jumped at the propositiou and there and then told him all that- 1 had undergone since Cordelia had entered our doors. "By heaven, sirl " I cried, as 1 brought my fist down on the tablo with a force that made the glasses ring,ngain. " When I think of what I have put up with, boo a forced to put up with, at fhe hands of that woman, it makes my blood boil." Incidentally the heat of my blood at that moment may have been due to some curious old port we had been discussing. » If there is justice in heaven I .« ill be even with her, and it shall go -hard with me, but 111 bavo an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." "Oh! If you want that, you'll never get it," said Herbert, drily. " Don't bo greedy," On which, angry as I was at the recollection . of my wrongs. I laughed heartily. " Now Herbert," I said, "can you suggest any menus by which I may get rid of her." " There's no hope of your curate, then ? " " None in tbo world." "Well, I'll tell yon what," said Herbert, after a few minutes thought. " You wilt stand the £200 a year, eh ? " " Paid quarterly in advance," I answered. " You can publish the banns next Sunday," said Herbert decisively. "Tbo matter is al good as settled." " What do you mean ? " I asked impatiently. There was a tone of levity in Herbert's comini> mention tbat jarred on my nerves. " Yon know Scorcher," he auswered quits seriously. " Well. He shall marry her." Do not think har6hiy of me if I confess for (he moment I did entertain the idea of sacri ficing that young mau'e future. The prospect of getting rid of Cordelia was so intoxicating that I did not stop to consider tho morality of the stop. My exaltation only lusted a moment. Tho next 1 6uw rLo absurdity of the idea. " Why, she's old onough to bo his mother," I stid despondingly. " But she isn't his mother ; and her being oWeuough to occupy that position doesn't matter a rush," returned Herbert. " Disparity of nge is nothing in these days. Now, 1 con- less man a uiuo wuw Scorclier's hair and complexion aro a splendid match, though I must admit that his incisors, big though thoy bo, are not quite up to the old lady's tombstones. Now it is a matter of high scientific interest," he added, as he watched the oily wine leave its trail on the glass which he was turning in his fingers, "that this match should como off. Darwin advocates natural selection,' What mora natural selection could bo mado ? Both of them are- " " Herbert I" I said somewhat sternly, forthe young man requires pulling up now and then, "I think we need not discuss the matter further." . . " How easily may the imaginative mind, coutiuucd Haibcrt, not paying tho slightest attention to my remark, " trace their future. I seem to see them sn rounded by what I may call, with n duo appreciation of color, a little tribe of Red Indiaus breathing forth words ef comfort " . . 'Herbert I" I oxclnimed angrily, " I insist on the subject being dropped." 1 was somewhat disappointed when a coupls of days passed and Herbert did not propose any alternative scheme. My faith in that young man's ability was rapidly waning. Besides this, to be cuudid, I was getting a littlo tired o| his frivolity, which at tho moment did not chime in with my serious mood. He treated my position as a prodigious joko. The more 1 tried to impress him with the fact that it was a most -.serious matter the moro ho laughed at it and me. Now, his object in coining to too Vineyard .had been to contract a loan, ana it was precisely tho moment that I felt most dissatisfied with him that he cho60 to prefer nil request. I refused it, telling him iliat as no showed no disposition to help me out of ffljr difficulties I should certainly not troublo uiyscn to helpjiim out of bis." „ " Find mo a plan to get rid of Miss Salsoury , I said, " and I will not only lend you a hun dred or two, but make you a present which will opon your oyes." , " All right, old man," he said, not tho lca» disconcerted at my refusal. "You shall no rid ot her if I have to inarry her myself- that I giro yon my word. In fact you m y consider it done. Under tho circumstane A don't you think you might make rae au adraa on account? What do you say ?" _ I protested that I wonld not lot him have » penny until ho had formulated Buino ichcme. I hoped to quicken his brain, ana fancy that to my firmness iu refusing him p niory assistance I am indebted for tbo eve of tho plan which ultimately was to rid Cordelia Salsbury. Bo that as it tuny . tho Tery next morning that ho au _ Published bjr special amnsaneaU wlththe a"14' Ail right rssurvwU- scheme which was bound to P'f/f:. <0T that it is a pleasant job," be j hut fsuppoao that you wouldut stick a San to effect your object ' TfkJul think not, 'M affirmed. „ That's satisfactory," ho exclaimed. "Bc- « » T il you what my plau is I want to know long it wil1 bo before your wife comes I'm afraid that it will bo some weeks .a, "I answered dejectedly. « The_ fact is he'is not getting on as well as I could "ifrm sorr7 for that, of course," said Herbert, a tut her absence will be of material assistance Ami-ill fact she must not come down till Mi« Salsbury is out of the house. However, that is easily managed. You can square the NeverAnTnd that just now," I exclaimed imnatientlv. " What is your plan ?" ' ? fsacy that Herbert anticipated the effect (hat he would produce, for there was a merry sialic in his eye as ho faced me, and his lips mre pursed as if to restrain laughter. « You must make love to her !' ho said in a Mice as calm as if lie had been telling me to tlow my nose, or to do something of an equally 'ordinary character. nJIako lovo to her! I cried, aghast at tho idea. ii Aye !" ho said calmly. " Why not ? Now listen to me. Miss Salsbury is a woman who professes a high standard of morality — whether her rigid virtue bo assumed or real I cannot j4V— and the only way to get at her is by forc- iag hor to act up to her professions. Now if you make love to her what will happen ?" n I'll bo hanaod if 1 know!" I answered despondinglv. I had no mora faith in the new plan thau I "had in the overnight ona of marry ing Cordelia to Scorcher — I beg his pardon, Jlr. Poskett, "One of two things," ho sard, speaking with ha greatest confidence. "Either sho will voluntarily leave the house, or — your wifo will tmnherout of.it. Now of theso two " || Whatever is done," I interrupted with some warmth, " whatever is done must never tcmo to my wifo's ears." "Then we must abandon what I may term the second result," said Herbert, "and reply on the old virgiu standing on ber dignity and flying to some harbor of safety from your dis graceful importunities." I did not like the scheme. Indeed for a long time I utterly refused to entertain it. But Herbert was so confident that in tho end, catch ing some of his spirit, I gave way and promised fo give it a trial " You will stop here whilst tho experiment ii going on, won't von Herbert?" I asked anxiously. "I should" never bo able to carry it out if I was left to myself." Herbert didn't answer for a moment. I "Well, you seo," he snid doubtfully, "I'm » devilish hard-up that I must ruiso the wind somewhere, and as you " "Oh I I'll seo yon through," I interrupted, "Don't worry yourself about money matters." " On this he went into details, and I must say that, as ho developed his plan, I was fairly amared at his ingenuity and foresight. "Now of course you can't commenco to mako lore right off," he said in concinsion. " She would smell a rat if you did. You must gradu ally—very, very gradually — break tho ice. The first thing to do is, naturally, to get on speak ing terms with her again. Of coarse you must make the first advance." "Ah I" I exclaimed, with n wry face.1 " Oh I It isn't nice 1" said Herbert in rather l contemptuous tone. " But if you are giting to bo particular about trifles likoMaf you may as well throw np tho sponge at once. Well, the next step would be to take an active interest in some of her religious fads. To begin with, yon would have to attend her little— what does the call them ?— her littlo services almost from the start." ' " " I suppose so 1" I murmure d "By Oeorgo I I can holp you there 1" cried Herbert. " I'll always stay away, and you, who Will, of course, have confessed tho error of your ways, con profess your anxiety to bring mo Wrlhiu the fold." . ' ... . "What— w— what will bo the next stop?" I faltered. - " Oh, tho next thing will be the develop ment of your passion," Herbert rattled on. no took such an interest in tho expounding of his scheme that the despair which must have Men written on my face escaped him. " This must be done, so to speak, by easy stages. " I Wis glad to hear that. " I should commence iJCllJ ,.g.ller ' dear Cordelia. ' In a few days Urdeha might bo dropped, and you could cul ter ' doar ' by itsolf, which, of course, would develop gradually into ' dearest ' or An ?' Jud w''b 'be adoption of warmer appellations you would necessarily cultivato a More affoctionato manner. I think that by tho «« you call her ' darling ' you might start to pet her with a kiss of a morning and even- winJul5 vM \ in,errnp'<l hoarsely, as I ii| , beads of perspiration from my brow. j,!5 t"at necessary — absolutely neces- thiak ' was!" ho returned ter vim '.', 'be denco are yon to put her?' tt "bttm if you don't kiss mwllA1?.0!0 Pu .know best," I answered 0u wish that you had got to do iisMit?0" not occur to mo that there ttid w 'I8 imote t0 of just now," fnrthn er» reflectively, Xi anything » uitself I'U let you know Let hunfer. U0Cb' 1 m a3 hungry as a itce'fiiA, 'bs'i as a rule, I havo as good an Puced Ti»f m mCn day Tou prodm-A t! 'u 0Te!7 dolicao-v 'bat tho world lisOmli f i enjoyed my meal. WIS to Ai' 0fhat 1 undertaking— for I Claud above me "J0"0"'— hung like a heavy aiaM aodlneat aud drink (which I to disj-i !!cc' on mo) were powerless t! Herbert'/ n "I."1/ ®Pir''3- Tho excitement "tor ere. face, the twinkle in his ""wiafortfl'l.?/ S?rrcd to roil''or mo the moro luck or fa 011 83 t Cordelia — I could not hat tffcnm. CberrYi" said my wife to mo ate Out »n,r' i' ou dou'' look well. You ii v 0IficJ, are you, dear ?" ' think dc«d" I answered. "I don't Wen? "a U"'t ?,lsn;or very confidently," Violet uin, i ,"rw mo towuids hor, and "'isitdew?'? aaxiety 11110 m faM' P,r.C-l/Sletl|ti1"l|ti thcre was nothing wrong, that it must bo the liver," "Poor old fellow," sho said soothingly " VmT '!', lr with b" plnmD palms, ru raust haTe taken. somc- louiefeatT?"3 conTs!Arffiength.SabiCCted CalcdlUm'of , f llink )' wnst-have: been the sweet breads, said dear Violet at length, pursing her pretty lips as_ sho . deliberated .the knotty question. _ "Yes! It must have been them; Now promise mc, Cherry dear, that you will never, nover, novcr——" ' . ; .."A"' daa,r,'" f answered carelessly— I was thinking at tlio-.tnne of tho first . kiss that I should lwprrat on Cordelia's virgin cheek. « I promise." . 4 "Not to. eat any. sweetbreads until I pro- nonnce you better," continued Violet. '« Now do you know, Cherry," she said; somewhat "r jfl1ra Pause, "that l half thought that that you aud Cordelia.might not bo pet- ting— getting oh as well as yon might. I don't "fit" qua»cU"1g' Ta know, but not quite— . by- Cordolia and myself are tho best of friends, I exclaimed with all the heartiness I could assume. " What put such au idea into your head ? ' Of course my object in thus answering was a good one. I know that any misunderstanding, lotatono a quarrel, between Cordelia and my self would cause my dear girl tho keenest pain, But how ofteu iu the uexfc few days did I re gret that I had not at the moment made a full confession of how mnttors stood to dear Violet, and imp'ored her, as she valued our present peace aud futuro happiness, to sacrifice the affection that she felt for her sister to tho love which she owed to, and assuredly felt for, her husband. Chapter X, — Coiidelia Salsbuuy Ordeits . HerCaruiaoe. IVo sat up till Into thnt night discussing our plot, into which Herbert had thrown himself with even more than his wonted enthusiasm; I confess that, eager as I was to get rid of Cor delia, my heart failed me more than once wheu f contemplated the means I should have to em ploy to effect my -purpose. But whenever I gave signs of beating a retreat ' Herbert redoubled his efforts, and in tho end I went to bed under a solemu pledge to commcuco my now campaign on the morrow. With such a prospect staring mo in the face sleep was impos sible, and it was therefore betimes the next uiorqing that I arose, as unrefresbed and miser able a man as you should find in a year's search. Any little faith that I had entertained over night in tho success of Herbert's plan had totally vanished. Had it not been for a per haps unreasonable dread of my young adviser's derision I should have implored him to release me from my oath. It is a wondor to me to this day how I managed to shave (or rather how I resisted tho temptation of cutting my throat); and when I put'on my boots I may say that my heart was in them. I went in to see Herbert to tako final instruc tions from him. When ho caught sight of my face ho burst into an unfeeling peal of laughter. " You seem a bit off," he said. ' Do you think so," I exclaimed, summon ing tho ghost of a smile to my wan faco, and trying to look unconcerned, " Decidedly a bit off," ho affirmed, jumping out of bed and surveying mo moro carefully. "However, your appcarouco will bo of material assistance. You can say that your unfortunate relations with her liavo caused you so much anxiety that you haven't closed an eyo, and so forth." "I— I don't fool v — very well today," I said. " Don't you think that — " " Now, Cherry 1" interrupted Herbert, impatiently, "Noneofthat! You've pledged your word, and you've got to stick to it." " But " I pleaded. "But nothing," he Interrupted. "By heaven I if you don't carry it out I will mako a clean breast of tho whole business to the old dowagor." i .That decided the matter. I went down to the hall and patiently awaited the descent of Cor delia Salshnry,, Miss Salsbury," I said, to her as sho was about to pass me, - She had the devotional books under her arm, and' a look in. keeping with them on her lean face. " Miss Salisbury, I wish to speak to you. Can you grant me a few minutes?" j She was evidently surprised. I saw fropi a resolute expression in her eyo that she antici pated au attack, and meant to show fight. "Certainly," she said haughtily, and fol lowed mo into tho breakfast room, the door of which I carefully shut, behind us. " Miss Salsbury, or rather Cordelia, if you will permit me to revert to tho old name, to tho naino that should be used by your brother-in- law " The martial look in her eye gave way to one of unmitigated surprise. However, she bowed, and mattered an indistinct " Yes." " Cordelia, thoo," I resumed. " I am tired and ashamed of the unpleasant, unnatural, and, I may say, discreditable quarrel that has lat terly " " It takes two to moke a quarrel, interrupted Cordelia with a sniff of prodigious import, "anil J at least cau affirm with truth that I haro nothing to reproach myself with in tho liast." (Shades of Ananias and Sapphira I Nothing to reproach herself with I) " I'm afraid that what you say is only too true," I admitted meekly, though J did not dare look into her faco as I spoke, " but be that as it may I hare determined to mako an effort to placo matters on a happier footing. If wo quarrel again— which heaven forbid I — I shall havo the satisfaction of reflecting that I have dono my host to keep on friendly terms with you and to mako amends for post misdeeds. I sav past misdeeds, Cordelia, (or I feel that I have not in the past shown you the consideration due not only to a woman but to a female rela tive. For these past misdeeds, " I concluded iu a more hutublo voice than ever, " I now beg to tender you my most hearty, aud I assuro you mv most sincere, apology." Cordelia, experienced old cruiser as sho was, had not onl- the wind taken out of her sails, but was evidently, to carry out tho nautical figure, " takeu all aback." Sbo hummed and haa'd, andat last fouud a few disjointed sentences in which to express her astonished satisfaction. "Il'in! It's really— I cau't toll you— Its very handsome, aud — nice and, and — most unex pected, 1 assure you," eha stammered out as sho (lopped iuto a chair. Though I suppose I ought to blush to «on f"3i'1 us' admit that as I warmed to mr work the lies which I was speaking (or rather the lies with which I had been stuffed by Herbert) ran off my tongue with a glibness that positively astounded me. Herbert had told me, quoting a French proverb to strengthen the !rul 'ia' i3 on,y 'he first step which is uitncult, and that afterwards dissimulation be comes a second nature. I must admit that ray expencncc corroborated the statement-. Not only dhis. As I progressed I felt a peculiar delight iu my invention, and the more an asser tion was at variance with my true feelings the more piensuro I felt in having ovolved it. It " that the appetite grows as ono oats. When the. food is fiction the saying is trne enough. The .effect which my words pro duced rc- acted on" myself, as applause spurs an actor to fresh effort, and the more my enemy's discomfiture was apparent the happier became my phrases of regret and apology. . To seo Cordelia, who but au hour before had- been undisputed mistress of the situation, sitting there in an utter state of collapse, "with all tli e starch taken out of her," as Herbert said when I told him, caused me such exquisite pleasure that I often wonder since that I did not spoil the whole thing by dancing a jig or committing some absurdity of the aurt. " I cannot express to yon, Cordelia," I wont on gravely, stealing the while a glance at her troubled face, ' ' the agony of mind I have gone through tlie last few days. Though words of reconciliation have been on my tongue a hundred times, a hundred times some feeliug of false shame has closed my lips. Only last night," I cried in an ocstaoy of hypocrisy, " 1 was a prey to a torture of spirit which rendered sleep out of the question." \- Cordelia's lips moved, but I did not catch what she said. " Well I Cordelia," I went on, adopting a somewhat brighter tone," we must start anew life, blotting out, I trust, tho old as if it had never been. I opposed myself — I selfishly opposed niyself — to every little scheme you suggested. I took exception to your inter ference, as I then termed it, in our homo lifo and in our religious duties. Thank Heaven 1 this can all be remedied. It shall now bo the aim of my life to mako. amends for my. want of consideration, and 1 do not hesitate to——" I stopped, for Cordelia had risen and taken my outstretched hand in her lean fingers, which were feverishly hot. Her face was unusually pale, though her freckles gave her a rather mottled appearance. " William;" she said in such a low voice that if 1 had not been watching her lips I doubt whether I should havo . beard what she said. " It would be affectation for me to deny that the words yon hive used havo caused me not only excessive surprise but deep emotion. Your attitude towards me, your wife s sister, has long been a source of pain to me. I am glad that at last, late as it is, yon have not ouly recognised what is dno to me, but what is due to yourself as a raau, and— and — " I thought she was going to say "a brother," bnt she fumbled out, "aCbristian." At the moment a servant put her head iu the door, asking if there were to bo prayers that morning, whereupon Cordelia hastily gathered her hooks together and turning to me again held outherband. "Many thanks, William," she said again. " I am glad that you have at last come to your senses." I had another card to play. Without saying a word as fo my intention I followed her into the diningrcom, and took part in tho prayers. When they were over I could not resist stealing a - glance at her face, and was not surprised to see that the look of satisfaction with which she had received my communication had given way to ouo of positive triumph. It was with an unmistakable flush of victory on her cheek that a few minutes afterwards she made her appear ance at breakfast. This did not escape Herbert's vigilant eyo, who, with a grin of extraordinary significance, kicked my shins by way of drawing my attontion to it. Herbert was delighted beyond measure with the snccess of tho morning's manceuvro, of which lie took, aud with justico, all tho credit, Ha dilated with all tho pride of au invoutor on the accuracy of his forecast, aud had no doubt (ho never had any) of tho ultimate triumph of our plot. He coudesceudo l to admit that, for wie, I bad not carried out my rule badly. 'tl ihink you might perhaps have kissed her," ho reflected, feeliug. his incipient mous tache with an eager forefinger, " when that tear came' into her bye. However, you'll haro lots of that by-and-byo, old man, so you needn't grieve over it. How tho deuce you restrained yourself I don't kuow," he added, and he laughed until tho tears camo iuto his eyes, though L did not seo anything to laugh at. Once I had taken tho first pluugo I struck out into the sea of dissimulation on which I had ombarked with a vigor and confidence that not only surprised myself but perfectly astounded Herbert, It is true that I had hiin at my elbow should anything go wrong, but as a matter of fact I consulted him less and less as I progressed. Indeed he has sinco confessed to ine that so thoroughly did I throw myself into the matter that more thau ouco he bogan to doubt whether my apparent reformation might not eud iu my becoming a real convert to tho Tiews and aims of Cordelia. "By Jovol Cherry — I mean By George! I beg my hospital's pardon," ho exclaimed enthusiastically one day thatlhad jnstdescribcd ray latest deception. " You are a born bypo- crito!" On which I confess that I lookod somewhat uncomfortable, though of course ho meant it as a compliment. I have said that onco the first step taken I pursued my career of deception without an effort. This statement requires qualification. So long as my proceedings were private, that is confined to our own household, thoy gavo me tho keenest pleasure, but what I may term my eublic appearances were tho sourco sofa lively pain that I would not go through again even to secure my domestic happiness were it again iu peril. Cordolia was not only interested, as you will remember, in tho parish work, but was a inomber of every working party and similar institution for miles and miles around. To theso festive assemblages 1 was borne — liko a captivo of old in the Consuls' Triumphs — to bo stared at, to bo talked at, and maybe to bo sneered at until I thought that my resolve or my brain would give way. I was a " dreadful example," and I have no doubt that in my absenco my reformation afforded tho staple topic of conver sation, When my old friends mot me out driving with Cordelia perched up alongsido me I had always to drive her to the infernal places (I wish I Jcould havo driven her to tho infernal place), for noio sho would not walk a step— I often caught a strange look on their faces, which I know developed into a broad grin wheu wo were out of sight. Even when I ordered the trap Frost's shaven lip would twitch with ill- coucealed merriment us he asked "if Miss Salsbury was agoin' to drive with me," and he toid Herbert, through whom of course the news soon reached mo, thut my cuso (case, indeed 1) had beea mentioned at a meeting of the local Salvation Army as one of peculiar interest. Is it, then, a wonder that at times my resolution almost failed me and that I made up ray mind more than onco to abandon my scheme ? Find mo a ivay out of my difficulty, Herbert," I cried — I think it was the day that I bad promised to deliver a lecture for the benefit of th'eHowdah Mission. Me deliver a lecture 1 — " find, mo a way out ot my difficulty and yon can call on mo for anything in reason.". Herbert pointed out that thcre was only one way. I must go through with it. Metrealwas impossible. " You're over tho worst of it, old man," he urged by way of encouragement. " You'll find the love making as easy— as easy— as iieing." The figure was not a happy one. " Directly you begin ogling her — and I think you might start to-morrow — sho won't, want your company on her drives any more." I did commence on tho morrow, and, though no v to tho business, 1 flatter myself did not do so badly, Beforo three days had passed I had tho satisfaction of seeing that my altered bc- bavious had attracted her attention. Sho had squirmed at my side glances ; she had looked sulky when I made eyes, but it was when I first squeezed her hand that she opeuly gave vent to her feelings. " What on earth is the man about ?" she said under her breath, as she snatched away her baud, Then turning on mo sho asked me with no little indignation, " what I meant by my extraordinary behaviour." " Extraordinary, dear," I exclaimed as I siddlod up to her, the while she gathered up her skirts and breathed defiance at every step as she retreated, "Would it not rather be extraordi nary were I to treat you otherwiso than with the greatest affection ?" " What you mean?" she asked aghast. "Mean?" I exclaimed, with an amorous look that made her hastily pat the table between us. "How can I, now that I have at last come to kuow what you really are, do otherwise than " ' ' Bomcmber that you have a wife, sir " cried the affrighted damsel as she me made for the door. ' ' I am not likely to forget it," I exclaimed dejectedly, as she disappeared. That night I had tuy usual conference with Herbert, He was perfectly boisterous in his delight. " To think that sho showed her teeth — I don't mean that, for of course she. always shows them — to think that her virtue has taken alarm at a few squeezes of tho band," he langhed. "What will sho do whon you imprint a kiss on her damask cheek 1" "Do— do yon think that will still be necessary ?" I asked. "Necessary? Of course it will!" ho ex claimed. "And, by George, you mnstput a littlo spirit into it, too." " Oh, it's all very fine," I said dejectedly, " but if you hare not got any ?" " Well, never mind that for the present!" cried Herbert. " Now look here. I overheard her telling Dribble — the Kcv. Aloysius Dribblo is A'lCempis' successor — that sho is strongly opposed to the Deceased Wife's Sister BilL Supposo we start the subject at breakfast, and whilst strongly advocating the measure yon wero to throw umatory glances in her direction. What do you say ?" Cordelia only gave me the tips of her fingers the next morning when I bade her good- morning, keeping her arm as stiff as a poker the whilejlest I should attempt to kiss her, which I had moro than once shown a disposition to do during tho last few days. T'hero was an unwonted excitement in her eye, and she was so much flurried that for the first time on record she stumbled in reading tho prayers. At breakfast Herbert brought up the subject of tho Deceased Wifes Sister Bill, sad asked me what I thought of it. " You ought to be au authority on tho sub ject, " ho said, "having lived in South Austra lia, for I understand the measnro has long been in force there." " Ah 1 \ I exclaimed, with an unmistakable leer at Cordelia, who bit her lip convulsively as she caught my oyo. "My opiuiou has greatly changed on tho subject. ' ' Out in tho colony I was always strongly opposed to it, bnt now," I sighed, os| I cast afresh sheop's oyes at Cordelia, whose faco was now as red as her head, "I haro quite altered my views. It is one of my most earnest desires, " I cried, with no little warmth, ' ' that tho measure may becomo law." Beforo I had actually finished tho sentence Cordelia, her face afiamo, had deserted the field, leaving her breakfast untasted. Herbert waved his napkin round and round his head, aud throwing himself back in his chair gavo way to unrestrained laughter. " I thought sho would havo mode a better fight," ho said. " As it is you haro only to give the fiuishiug touches, and sho will give up tho ghost. By George I I can giro you some help," he cried, with a twinklo in his eye. " What yon have to do to-day is this. Seek overy opportunity of being alono with her. I'll watch your movements liko a cat, and — well, you shall seo that I can help you. But don't laugh, whatever you do." New, as lack would hare it, it rained that day, aud with such sevority that going out of doors was ont of the question. Three time3 during tho day I managed to carry out Herbert's instructions, and fouud myself alone with Cor delia, and on each occasion Herbert was onabled to render his promised assistance. On the first occasion fie merely pat his head in the door, coughed, and mumbled some incoherent phrase of apology as he withdrew. On his second appearance ho " begged our pardon, ho did not know are were alone," and on the third bo made some similar remark- It speaks well for his vigiianco that he was enabled to catch us together, for Cordolia avoided me like some un- cleau thing — in which light, of coarse, sho regarded me. The final blow was to bo dealt that night, and though victory was assured, I felt no littlo excitemeut as tho timo drew nigh. Cordelia has spread a report that I was disgracefully intoxicated. It is not trnc, though if I had token a drop too much on the occasion I think it would be excusable. Whilst Cordelia went upstairs to seo her sister, which she always did tor an hour after dinner. Herhort and I sat over our wino and discussed the situation. i confess that, as Ilia critical moment approached I fell, somewhat nervous, and so 1 confessed to liurbert, uhese confidence, I need hardly- say, was unabated.' Now I have reasons which my readers will appreciate for not describing the sceuo which followed. The very fact of the "woman, being my sister-in-law necessitates tho exercise of in- little forbearance and of no littlo reticence. She has spread reports which are base calumnies (she says, for instauce, that 1 reeled towards her with a drunken leer on ray face), and ' I have taken no step3 to refulo them. My silence, . she argues, admits the truth of her assertions. I aver that it expresses my con tempt for any charge she may bring. 1 leave the public to judge between us. About half-past ton o'clock as Herbert nnd I were talking over the momentous events ot the day (especially the scene which I have con sidered better to suppress), there was a knock at the door, and Frost, putting his head into the room, asked mo if he could speak to me " privately," I got up and wont out into tho passage, " If you please, sir," ho said in n mysterious whisper, whilst an iadcscribablo merriment sparkled in his eye, " Miss Salsbury has ordered a trap to catch the first train to Londor and is a-takin' her luggage. Which trap shall I give her, sir?" Frost is not a nice looking man, nor a par ticularly clean one, but I could have taken him in my arras there and then and hugged him to ray breast.. "My dear Herbert," I exclaimed, as I gripped iny fellow conspirator by the hand, ! when I communicated the news, " how can J ever thank you enough ?" . "Oh! Blow your thanks!" cried < Herbert bluntly. " What I want to see is the color o I. your money," - "Well! You need not beso greedv," I snid with a laugh. " I shall keep my word, of; tlial you may be sure. Fetch my cbcquo book from the study and fill in a cheque for £ 100," "A hundred!" cried Herbert in anythiu4 but a satisfied tone. "Hike thnt!" "It seems to me a handsome sum!" I pro tested. "I won't take a penny under £200," said Herbert somewhat sulkily. "A hundred, in- doedl And you talked about a present that would open my eyes 1" "Oh! very we'll! Two hundred bo it!" I assented. I was iu too good a humor to refuse anything. " You shall have your two hundred. Only I did not intend to open your eyes to thai extent." The next morning Cordelia left without a word of farewell to a single soul in the house. When Frost came back from the station ho gave me a note. " I have left your houso,"- it, ran, the italics, are her own,' " not-so much to save myself from your importunities as to sparo my </ear sister the terrible grief of discovering what you really are. When I first met 'you I recognised the coarse texturo of your mind, but I thought yon ' were merely vulgar,: I did not dream yon were a villain. Do not attempt to follow 'me, sir. .Though you know it not I have a protector whose strong arm will be at my service should you attempt to per secute mo with your outrageous aud unmanly attentions. I havo not written to Violet, and shall not give her any explanation of my depar ture. This task I leave to you, and I bavo no doubt that your invention will prove eaual to the emergency. Poor Violet! How "I pity her 1 " There was more of it, in which I was handled rather roughly, but tho above quota tion serves my purpose hero. I may mention that " tho protector " turned out to bo no other than my little friend Ambcrly, from whom I got a piteous appeal tho very next day to "take her Sack" iuto my household. To this I of course answered, sending her my fondest love, that I should be delighted to hava her hack. Tho old Jezebel has novcr been, near oui Vineyard since. There was still one duty to perform, to ac quaint my wifo with Cordelia's flight. ATtet breakfast I went to her room. She was lying on the sofa, and was looking with the sweetly- satisfied smile of a young mother into hor little one's face. " My dear girl, " I said to her, as I drew a chair alongside tho sofa in such a position thai I could put my arm ronnd her neck, "I want to speak to yon about a somewhat serious matter. Do yon feel strong enough, darling, to listen to mo." At the first words her oyes had sought mine, and beforo I had finished speaking her quick woman's instinct had onablea her to read my secret. "I can guess what you have to say," she said in a low voice, " I havo been expecting a crisis for a long time. I do not blame you, dear, " sho went on, looking into my eyes with a loving honesty that absolutely transfigured her. "I have long since seen that the Cor delia of my young life did but exist in my dreams, and that — - She burst into tears. " My darling, " I said, " wo have had a narrow escape. A storm was brewing that threatened to shipwreck our happiness. Th< danger is past, thank God 1 " "Has sho gone?" sho asked in a faint voico. " Yes I " I answered. And will never re turn." Violet looked into my face again,- and there were faith and lovo written in her eyes. "We will never risk onr happiness again, 'L she whispered. toe BSD, 