| TOE JEALOUS LOVEK, I __ Between out house and Fanner Baynor'a lay two green meadows. It wae curious enough to look across them and see the bright dark green ol the grass In one, and the mellow yellow tints of the other. The (irst, too, was dotted all over with olover, pink and white, and only sow and then a dandelion grew in the other. Between the meadows lay a dump of trees and bushes, and an old-fashioned stile. When the moon wae high, and a round silver shield in the dark night sky, I used to go down to that stile and eit upon it, looking toward the Baynor homestead. It was long and low, with dormer windows on the roof. If, by ohancc, 1 saw alight in the one 1 knew belonged to Eve Baynor'a room, I thought my vigil well rewarded; for 1 loved Kvo llaynor as knights in oldromanoe loved their ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touobed her pretty band, or said more than "Rood day" as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Any other young fellow, Bmitten aB I was, would have managed to know her better somehow, but 1 made no effort to win my way to her liking. My own fault, then, say yon ? Well, per haps you are right, but true love is always a little fearful of itself, lour flirt is bold enough, but when the heart is touched jtrcUo I away flies confidenoe and vanity, and you say to yourself, " There's nothing in me to like," or " She'll never look at me; what is the ose of hoping t" You never saw her; and words oan't tell you just what she is. Go out into the garden and find a lily among beds of dahlias and Queon Margarets and flaunting poppies, and you'll know how she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles,and you'll know what she seemed to me in a crowd of other women. Once ehe dropped a red geranium out of her dark hair, and I picked it op from the road by stealth, and felt half afraid to touah it-it eeemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I went home-the moBt sacred place I could think of. It is there yet; two red-brown threads and something that looks like a crisp bit of soorched paper. That was coming from ohureh one Sunday. Tho next, while 1 had the flower against my bosom, and was Bitting where I oould see the Usynors' pew, whioh was nnder the gallery where tbo school-ahildren eat, a olumBy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the rail ing. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and waB beside her and had her out in the Bir in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, bad mnda her faint. And then I would have left; but church was out, and all going home, and the old people would have me take tea with tbem. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, as though any brute could hnvo done lees when she dropped like a hurt deer. I went home to tea in the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wiBh I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was that night. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an old feud between my people and the lUynors, about a triangular patoh of ground, not big enough to build on, and too sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang op again, and mother and Mrs. Baynor took tea together, Bnd ohatted when they met. All I thought of was the ohanoe of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we wen all on visiting termB. I did see her. In a month we were old friends, I did not dare think ehe liked me much; bnt she chatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at her, as, good manners or not, 1 had to look sometimes; and though I wbb brown and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voioe to maioh my size, sometimes I used to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom for life. You never would have guessed as I ploughed in the groat field, or toesed the soented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that were in my brain, under mv shook of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever eay ot tlieir lady-loves half what I thought about Eve Biynor when I was busy at the humblest work. 1 heard a etrain of music onoe, though, that said it all without a single word, or it seemed eo; for 1 stood listening to it with her hand crushed light in mine in the shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser enading him. And I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I said when all were out of hearing: "Eve Baynor, it you ever cease to love me, I shall die I" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayErs were said at ten at the lliynore', and every one expected to leave at once), I met halfway upon the road, which I had taken beoause the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a portmanteau in biB hand, looking about liim with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. Ha was, I oould see in the moonlight, very handsome anddreBsed in a style not common in our oountry place. There was a flash of gold at bis fob, and a glimmer of precious stones on his ungloved hand, and as I oame nearer, a faint perfume, suoh as some girls I knew brought into ohureh with them on their hand kerchiefs. He was a Ivg fellow, too. deBpite all these delioate daintinesses of toilet, and his voice was clear and musical, but a thorough mnn'x voioe, when bo spoke to me. " Can you tell mo the way to the Baynor farm-house, sir ? It should be somewhat close at hand, if my memory serves me." " Straight on," I said; " the first house you come to on the right; you can't mistako it." " Thank you," said he. .' I'te only fair to tell you, however," said I, "that thoy are all in bed by this time." Ho laugbod. " I had forgotten aountry ways," said he. " However, it my unole won't let me in, I'll Blocp on the porob, until morning. There ueed to be a famous poroh, with an old bench on it long enough to reposo a giant." "It isn't-it can't be little Ned Ware!" cried I. "Not little 1" said he; "not littlo any longer, but Ned Ware still. And you?" " I am Theodore Brest I" " We shook bands then. Years before two barefooted oountry bojij -who had played in the woods together-fri- nds, as boys will bo despite nil family fcu<'; <. Ue was Farmer B*ynn>'a nephew, and had, I remember, inherited some property, Bnd been sent to a boarding-school. I could scarcely believe that time bad altered him bo -time and eduoation, and association with polished men. I went back with him to the llaynors', and saw old sleepy Hspsiba admit him, Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquisite youths, moro perfect than mortal man oould hn, whn won live lUynor from me. All. me ! jealousy is an ill weed-onoe plant |, t i:ro 'o uo end to it. The dreams came from a thought or two I bad liatcUy been con. aciouo of; and the thoughts remained when the dreams were over. He was her only cousin; hut why should she be forever walking with him, tulliing to him, smiling on him t Why should he Bit be side her in eharoh, holding her book (or het and singing with her? Why ehould be look upon me as a stranger and monopolize her, or endeavor to when 1 same, as I had so good a right to do, to spend my evenings at the farm-house f Had she told him ? Had any ol them told him of oar engagement? 1 doubted it. And he would be there the summer through. It seemed to me I could not bear it. I had boon so happy since Eve promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and eat silent in her presence, whilo he talked in bis own pleasant, brilliant way, making the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that-to make he suffer something of my pain. I boro the absence from her one Sunday to the next. Then, in the twilight hush of the June even ing I took my way across the meadow. The Sabbath eilenee was on everything. The far-olf chiming of a ohuroh-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The eoent of primroses filled the air, and the doves in the coto behind the house murmured musically. I opened the gate, and entered. Beside the gate was a little rustic arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this plaoe as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two piotures. The first-Eve Baynor standing, a white Btatue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The eeoond-Eve Bay nor caught to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate cry oi" My love 1 my life 1" Ere he unclasped bis arms, I stood before them. 1 called her by a bitter name. I flung at her feet the ring shs had given me in ex change for mine. I said, I soaroe knew what, in my frenzy, and strode away, leaving them dumb and motionless. Half way over the meadow I began to under stand what had befallen me-as we understand great woes at last-and fell upon the long, damp grass as though I had been shot. Long past midnight I crept into my bed room window, and began io pack a few tbingB in my carpet bag-linen, and a second coat; the stockings knit by my old mother'shande; the little bible she bad given me, and my slender stock of money. Then, on a scrap of paper, I wrote this note and slipped it under my pillow: Deib MOTHEB-Don't think bard of me do not think I do not love yon. You ace the only being I now love in the world; but I cannot stay at Elms-I cannot breathe itB air. Eve llaynor has jilted me, and I ehould go mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if I remain. I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I ever find myself better of my hurt, I shall come bade to you again. I don't bope it, though. It is too deep and sore. God blew jou, and good-by. lonr bring eon, IEEODOBE BBIBT. Then I clambered out of the window, and belore J took the high road to the oar depot, went to the dear old stile to take the last look at Eve's home, over whoae threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass .gain. White as a ghost the moon eondded through gathering clonds, white in her light lay the farm-house, with its sloping root and dormer windowe beyond the yellow field; against the background of moonlit wall rose the clumps of oarrant bashes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me roBe dark elms, and dank, thick grass. Only the etcp of the etile was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot ol a dead elm tree. I took it all off upon my heart. I said: "Heaven forgive her I He ean never love her as I do!" ana then I strode away toward the station. It was two good miles away, but the early train had not arrived when I reaohed the plaoe. I eat down in the waiting-room; but for ehame 1 eould have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing of a bell-the eoream of a whistle. The train was ooming. There was a chattering without about sundry trunks belonging to two old women who had just come np in a wagon, and the door of the waiting-room was flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man eould bo. Despite hie triumph, he looked wretohed. He paced the floor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the first time in my life 1 wanted to kill a thing God made. May He forgive me for it f We looked at each other in dead eilenoe. Ned broke it. " Where are you going t" he said. "What is that to yout You insult mo by sneaking to me. Ton have robbed me let that sufllce. It is dangerons to speak to me just now. For Eve's sake I warn you to leave me." "80/ have robbed you ?" he said, with a sneer. " Yes. You know ehe was mine. I warn yon again. Go 1" He folded his arms and looked at me. " I am going," he said. " The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silence. The good says Bpoak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there iB of it. Yon are halt mad, Theodore BreBt. You have seen end beard with a jealous man's eyes and enM. You are not robbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. But Eve Baynor is ymn - not mine'" " I eaw her in your arms," said I. He laughed a bitter laugh. " Listen," he said. " I bavo only a mo ment ; for I do not wish to be left at Elmy, and the train is coming. You gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also, I did my best. Zi&st; night I ventured all, and lOBt. She told me you wern her betrothed husband, and that ehe eared nothing for me." Down the road came the shrieking train ; the bell was clanging. He caught up his portmanteau. " I olaspod her to my heart," he went on. " It was a mad thing to do; hnt it was an adieu, and against ber will. Madman! go back and beg her pardon for the words yim eaid I It ehe forgives you, I would give a king dom to take your place. A kingdom ? Bah I the world I " All aboard 1" yelled a voice at the door. " Yon believe me 7" he asked. "God bless you-God reward you I" I grasped. But he was gone ere I eould clasp his hand. 1 never forgot him, hut I have nover seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note whioh I had writton in frag ments. I knelt down and prayed as 1 had not prayod Bines I was a little ohild, and in the early morning I sought Eve Hay nor. She forgave me. She pitied and under stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the summer waned, ehe waa my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gather about our hearth at even tide; ana tho eldeet of them all, tlio tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet cjob, is named Edward Warp. So wn obristeiipcl him in memory of that noble rival who, in hii own groat grief, had mercy upon mine. 85a 