THE STORYTELLER. Fast and Loose. CHAPTER XXXVI. DAUNT's BEfVABD. THE day after Meggitt's arrest was a busy one for Daunt. Following Faske's advice he went first to Saville Row and had a long talk with Mr. Lilejeartb. Thence he went to the Home Office, and saw the same high pergonag e t h at jj e had interviewed j^fore. " Well, I don't deny that you have a strong case, Sir Richard, but still many of your facts have got to be pioved ; what do you want us to do ?" " I think Mr. Surtees ought to be released conditionally." " That's out of the question ; a sejiltence of penal servitude cannot be set , aside in that easy fashion. But I tell you what I will do ; the man shall be brought up to Millbank. He ought to be close at hand - -in case you want to consult him." Daunt thanked tbe great personage and withdrew. Then he hastened to Victoria station, and took the first train to Chatham. You bring good news,'" said Joset phine, directly she saw him. He htp gone straight to her. " The very best" She did not ask him to explain before they were alone, and then he would say nothing till he had taken her into hią arms. 'T- At last, at last !" he cried passion» ately, kisBing her again. " Richard, please, you must not ; remember !" murmured Josephine, as she sought, vainly, to withdraw from, his caresses. " Our compact is ended almost You are now my own ; I have won you fairly, and on your own terms." Are you certain that you have succeeded, Richard 1 You are nqt claiming your reward "—she smiled at him through her tears—" too Boon." " Your father will be released within a month ; I can almost promise you that. Nothing can be s<k£led finally till after Meggitt's trial. Meanwhile, Josephine, you muąt be preparing to welcome him home. 1 " " Where am I to go to ?" " Back to the old homa^of course. I have arranged it all. ^xhe tenant will vacate at once, and you must -go and keep house for Bob till your father returns, and then—we will be married from there." Josephine could not speak — her heart was too full ; but she found a few words at last, spoken in a soft low whisper as her head lay against his breast *' Yes, Richard, if you will take me» But I am not worthy. You are too good, too " Daunt silenced her ia the readiest way a lover can. After many fond adieus Daunt tore himself away. Snatching a hurried'; dinner he travelled on to Dover, and took the night mail to Paris. Daunt paid an early visit to the Prefecture next day, and explained to M. Acmé the last service he required. " Fanchette Î Yes, she is here, we have kept our eye on her as you wished, and now you want her to speak out 1 Is that it, mon cher Sir Daunt T we may persuade her, I think/' and he touched a hand bell. " Have this mandat taken to the Rue du Bac," he said to his huissier. "I wish.tq^gee the person named in it at once—héfe" Presently Fanchette, smart and coquettish as ever, was ushered in. She started at seeing Daunt seated there, and looked from him to thechef." " There is nothing to fear, Madame," —™—the cbief consulted a paper in front ot him " Poirat, yes, Poirat, Your assistances needed in a cauBe' whi:h will be heard in London shortly., The prisoners are Percy Meggitt and Joseph Devas, alias Leon Lantiêmche. "I know nothing; I shall say nothing," replied Fanchette, doggedly. " Pardon me ; on further considéra» tión I think yoa wilL" "I will pay jou anything in reason to appear," put in Daunt, hast?.y. " A moment, Monsieur. Justice Is not to be. bought . Madame Poirat will come èorar&rd; out of pure good feéling, , I think." Fanchette did not look mach like it just then. i. " At leastv if Madame Poirat won't, Leonie Fanchette Jocasse, dit La Felluse, dii Caramel, dii Patata, will do so, I feel sure," Fanchette turned very pale. There wad little doubt after that of her appearance as a witness at the trial CHAPTER] XXXVIL THE W KB UNRÀYELLÏD. MEGGITT'S trial caused great excitement in the city. There was a marked contrast between the two prisoners as they stood side by side in the dock, Meggitt was dressed with extreme care, in bock coat, satin tie, and kid gloves, as though he was going to a wedding and not to his doom. Bat his aspect was woe-begone and abject — he seemed overcome by the shame and disgrace of Imposition. Leon, on the contrary, alRiough wearing the garb of the felon —a hideous patchwork of drab and yellow, with neglected beard and close ' cropped hair, held himself erect, and looked around the coart with a defiant air. His dark, evil eye rested for moment on the judge, keenly scanning his impressive features, vainly striving to read upon them some forecast of his fate. After all, Leon was better off than Meggitt. He was arraigned there as a lesser criminal—a partner in, but not, as he really was, the originator of Meggitt's guilt ; joined with Meggitt in ihe conspiracy, for the more especial advantage and aggrandisement of the lattér. Meggitt, the trusted, esteemed, confidentialempfoye, stood out as the chief culpritin the frauds and misappropria tions now brought to light . The cswse was strong agaiâst him ahd looked very black from the first, It was skilfully and pertinently stated bythe Attorney-General, who prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. This Attorney- General was no other than Sir Silas 8tandaloft, who had defended Mr. Snrtees, and who had since entered Parliament and risen to a high office under ja newly-appointed Ministry. ' Sir Silas linked his lips and went at Meggitt tootU ; ->nd nail. " I shall show and prove in evidence, said Sir Silas, having freely lubricated t his lips, preparatory to a great effort, * « I shall show how the prisoner, making nse of information he had received, procured the Appointment within the precincts of Mr. Waldo's house of a creature devoted to his own interests, who was employed as personal attendant to Mrs. Waldo, and having the run of the private apartments. This person was found lor him by the other prisoner, Devas. between whom and Meggitt a close alliance had been formed. By the instrumentality of this woman—a clever and unscrupulous Frenchwoman — a falsi 1 key to the strong-room was obtained. She is here, and she will tell herself how it was done." At this statement a gleam of baleful light flashed from Leon's dark eyes. " Having thus obtained access, at will and secretly, to the strong-room, it was easy to abstract any number of securities and valuables. But at this point simple robbery was not their object. They were playing a far deeper game : they were conspiring to bring the whole resources .of the bank under their control For this purpose it was essential to get the cashier out of the way, the honest and unsuspecting superior, who would soon have detected and put an end to any foul yiày. This they accomplished in a cruel ajpgl unscrupulous manner, with a result well known to your lordship and to others in this court. « I shall be able to show you how they smuggled into Mr. Surtees' possession some of the stolen bonds, and thus gave strength and colour to the grievous accusation under which the poor Jinan succumbed : I will prove to you tf&ł Meggitt had access at will to the. cashier's drawers and boxes, that i*ehad false keys to all of . them W Sensation in court, fc'i «That he abstracted from one of them an old contract for the purchase ; of certain Portuguese stock, a contract 'jrhich Mr. Surtees naturally could not produceat his trial, and the «existence ofwhiçh he had, unfortunately, forgotten. By *bis means Mr. Surtees was prevented from proving that he had long possessed securities — similar to those stolen—of his own. It will be proved to your satisfaction that these bonds were also abstracted, and a part of the sto 1 en bonds—those stolen from the strong-room—were substituted for them. In support of this I shall produce the contract of which I have spoken ; the bonds which were Mr. Surtees' property, and — mark this well—the balance of the stolen bonds. The whole of these damnatory and convincing proofs were found in the possession of one or other of the prisoners. Sir Silas here paused to give fall effect to his words. Then amidst breathless silence he continued : "After these facts have been full established, and I have not the slightest doubt that'I shall do so, an act of tardy justice will, I trust, be done the first, and I think the chief, victim of these vile machinations. An innooent man, my lord and gentlemen of the jury— an innocent, a much-wronged and deeply suffering man—cries aloud from the depths of the gloomy prison cell to which the crafty knavery of these villians consigned him—he cries aloud, I say, for restitution, revindications, re habilitation and redress. Mercy and justice—pardon, apology and compensa- tion—must be dealt out promptly and without stint to that grievously ill-used man." Sir Silas wiped his eyes, blew his nose, licked his lips, and seemed as much affected as his hearers at this im passioned harangue. Presently he went on : " It is not difficult to trace the further proceedings of this precious pair. Fortune, or rather misfortune, favoured them. A very lax control seems to have been exercised over the new cashier ; one partner, now deceased, was a dilettante and a virtuoso, who had practically withdrawn from affairs. The other, through sickness, was unable to keep this Meggitt in his place ; and it is impossible to withhold some sym pathy from Mr. Waldo, whose neglect and over-confidence dated only from his own inability to attend closely to busi nesB. Thus Meggitt soon got his head One of his first acts was to introduce to the bank, as a most eligible and valu able client, this friend and confederate, the man who, clothed in the garb of shame, stands there by his side, the man who, assuming a fictitious title and all the airs of a nobleman, was at that very moment a convict on ticketof-leave. " What follows is told in the books of the bank ; they will be produced in court, and they will lay bare the vast and intricate frauds conceived by these consummate rogues, the boldness with which they were carried out, and all the clever shifts and artful contrivances by which they were concealed almost to the last It will be shown you how the chief conspirator misappropriated and made away with the property of the bank, with his own funds, and with the securities entrused to his care. Some of these were found in his possession, some in that of his confederate ; others, to a large extent, have been sold to cover defalcations ; and the brokers, through whom and by whom they were sold, will go into the witness-box and swear that they acted under instructions from Meggitt. It is not strange that the bank should break after being thus pillaged and plundered right and left : and that there should be at this (moment somewhere, but entirely, unaccounted for, a sura of nearly two hundred thousand pounds, which has passed ^put of the assets of the bank into the keeping of one or other or both these prisoners at the bar." ' It is not necessary to follow Sir Silas Standaloft further The learned counsel was tedious, though éloquent, and his speech lasted several houra. But when he sat down and his junior began to call the witnesses, it was felt (hat neither of the prisoners had the ghost of** chance. Fanchette's evidence was especially damaging, although Leon's evil eye was upon her throughout She spoke out openly, and confessed all she -knew. She had come from Paris, on purpose to take service with Mrs. Waldo. She had watched her opportumty,and entered Mr. Waldo's dressing-room onè morning while he wasathis : bath, and had taken the impression of the key. This she had done .more than once under the prisoner Leon, or Devas's instructions. The judge's summing-up was clear for conviction, and the verdict of guilty came as a matter of course. In passing sentence he drew a distinction between the crimes of the two prisoners. " You," he said, addressing Meggitt. " are the most culpable. Through you an innocent «nan has been suffering severe and unmerited punishment Through your criminial weakness and want of principle a respectable old firm has been pulled down and numbers of too-confiding people robbed and ruined. I feel it my duty to mark my sense of the enormity of the crimes you have committed by an exemplary sentence ; and I do therefore direct that you be kept in peual servitude for twenty years." A slight tremor passed over Meggitt's face, and a faint shriek was heard in the gallery. It was from a lady closely veiled—Mrs. Waldo. "As for you, Devas, an habi tual criminal, who knows already the interior of many gaols, imprison' ment has, I fear, no terrors. But it was you, I believe, who originated this vast schema of fraud, and it was to your baleful influence that your miserable l o a t confederate succumbed. I shall therefore treat you to your deserts, and now sentence you to penal servitude foi fifteen years." Thus ended the second great case in which Waldo's bank was concerned. But there was a sequal to the trial. Later that same day a neat brougham drove up to the door of Milbank Prison. Sir Richard Daunt alighted from it ; he was admitted, and ushered into the presence of the governor, to whom he handed a letter from the Home Secretary. " I was allowed to bring you this personally," said Daunt, " so as to expedite Mr. Sartećs's release. May I hope that no time will be lost in setting him free T' " It will merely be necessary for him to change. We have ' liberty ' clothing always ready, and then he can go with you." In less than half-an-hour Mr. Sur tees, greatly agitated by the unexpected good news, appeared, and, taking Sir Richard's arm, walked out from the prison a free man. Josephine, who was in the brougham waiting, fell into her father's arms, and the two were driven rapidly home to Chiswick. CHAPTER XXXVIII. CONCLUSION. A FEW words as to the most promin ent personages in this veracious narrative. Josephine soon consented to make Daunt happy. Why should they waitl asked Sir Richard, pertinently. They had everything they could want ; loving hearts too long separated ; ample means ; and Mr. Surtees was there to bless and approve of their union. v>The marriage was a very, quiet one. Helena Waldo consented to act as bridesmaid, and Bob Surtees was Dannt's best man. " You are well worthy of each other," said old Mr. Surtees, as he saw their hands joined. "She has ever been the most devoted daughter, and you have proved yourself the best of sons." Secure in the affectionate ministra- .tions of bis children, Mr. Surtees passed the autumn of his days in calm contentment. The storms-and trials which had sorely oppressed Jiim were forgotten, and he could pity and forgive the authorsof his troubles. The waters closed over the Waldos. Mr. Waldo was made a bankrupt, and eVentoàlly paid fifteen pence in the pound. The family went to live at Brighton in Ditchling Rise. Then after her poor old father's death, Bob Surtees came for Helena, and married her in spite of Mrs. Waldo's persistent objections to the match. Bob has stuck to the theatrical profession, and now manages one of Mr. Bonastre's travelling companies. Both Clara and Augusta married in the long run, one a commercial traveller, the other a dashing sétjeant of lâght Dragoons, Captain Wingspur wont to India with «n' inJtaitry regiment, and died them, a drpmasd and in debt, long before the title fell in. Lord Wingspur proved very long livedo and he is still, but with* greatly reduced means, a chief ornament of a French watering- place on the Brittany coast Both Meggitt and Devas, alias Leon Lantimêcho, after their sentence passed out of sight The last heard of the former was at Dartmoor, where ho was busily engaged with a few hundreds of his own sort reclaiming waste lands on which nothing would grow. As for Devas, alias Leon Lantimêche, he came to an untimely end. His fata , was recorded in the following brief ines from the Weymouth correspondent f a daily paper :— " FRACAS AT PORTLAND.—Yesterday, s a party of convicts were working on he Verne, one of them, who owed his warder a grudge for some fancied wrong, made a murderous assault on him with cold chisel. The warder defended himself with his sword, and cut hiś assailant down. The convict, who was named Joseph Devas, was mortally wounded and has since expired." With Leon died the seoret of his illgotten wealth. The place where it is concealed has never transpired, and whether it will some day unexpectedly enrich a treasure-hunter, or wnether lb will pass unclaimed into the assets of the bank where it is lodged, at home or abroad, the future alonë can tell. THE END. 