A GHOST STORY. » — By Richmond. When I am asked if I believe in ghosts, the question is certain to carry me back some years to an episode of my schoolboy days. At that time I was truly and seriously convinced that it had fallen to mv lot to see a bona fide ghost. It happened in tins way : One night in one of the dorm i toi ics there were six of us who used the occasion of the absence of the master resident in that part of the schoolhouse to have a frolic. For some time after the extinguishing of the lights, .wfeite shirted figures might be seen en gaged in,.- the mysteries of cricket played by starlight jirith. an -umbrella for a bat and four or five stosngs." tledteg&ber; for a ball. Then, racing on "all fours oyer and under the beds was the brde||yf tiie Ray: forborne while. After that the pillows were' brought into requisition wherc- by deeds of valour were done and bloodless vic tories gained. Of course it is needless' to state that; .-when an account of the wounded was made up it was found tlmt the weapons of war, the pillows, were greater sufferers than the doughty- warriors themselves. Now it is a matter of utter impossibility for the average healthy schoolboy to go for any great length of time without ex periencing in a practical manner that " nature abhores a vacuum." That, is to say the genus schoolboy is a hungry race. So was it oo this occasion. Presently a voice was heard pro claiming the fact : " I am hungry." Then it suddenly struck everybody else they were hun gry too. Being about the middle ofthe term there was no one who could boast the posses sion of any " scoff" or " grub" in the shape of cake or goodies from home. The thought of waiting till morning for something to eat was loo painxui to oe entertained tor a moment, n. Council of war. was held. It was remembered that the monitors, who had their supper after the other boys, would be likely to leave some of it on the dining-room table. A suggestion was made by myself that we all go to fetch it. One felt too cold, in fact was certain he would catch cold if he went ; another made the original ex cuse that he had a hone in his leg, and so it ended in my volunteering in a moment of blended hunger and good nature to go and make a raid on the supper table. In order to get to the dining-hall from our bed-room one had to pass over two landings and a stair-case, each of which on this occasion was plunged into the deepest gloom. Going along those landings and down those stairs how the boards creaked and groaned, and it seemed as if strange shadows flitted before my eyes and mysterious whisper ings filled the air. Well, to tell the Truth, by the time I got to the dining-hall door I was in a state of high nervous excitement, and my heart beat with a thud and I panted rather than breathed. Passing through the door I had to go tnc full length of the hall to get to the moni tor's table, and by the time I got to the remains of the supper I had managed to bark my shins against some few forms and tables which caused me to pull long feces. However . persev erance was rewarded and with hands full of crusts and cake I started to retrace my ground. Just by the door through which my exit was to be made was a very dark corner where at meal hours a master of the name of Evans was accus tomed to sit, I could not help thinking how queer it would be if Evans should be sitting there then ; almost involuntarily I strained my eyes to see if any one was there, and then I saw the shimmer of something white. . Yes, and, as I proceeded, that which at first looked like a small ray struggling with the surronnding dark ness, grew and assumed a shape that froze me in every limb and rooted my feet to the ground. My eyes were looking upon a ghost, pale, pal pitating, almost invisible, and yet just percep tible. For a few seconds my feet had that leaden feeling that one has in a dreadful dream when he desires to fly and cannot. Cold hands seemed to be grasping me and holding me down. Then with a mighty effort I shook off the benumbing iufluence and flew from the room with that speed that only fear can lend. There was no trickery on the part of my school mates, for they were all in the bed-room wait ing for the results of my raid, and strange to say I had not dropped a single- crust though so dreadfully frightened. But my teeth chattered at such a rate that I could not utter a single sen tence coherently and whether I opened or- shut my eyes there was that white ghostly, form star-, ing at me. That night was one long nightmare, and even when daylight came the sunshine scarce seemed to have power . to banish the ghastly image that had burned itself upon my mind. Looking fearfully the next morning into that part of the dining-room where I had bad my fright, the vision of the night was explain ed by the presence of one of the veiy large Tamps with which our Hall was lighted, placed just where my ghost had stood. My theory is that possibly the lamp may have been turned down very low and left as having been extin guished, but that there was just enough light to give it a ghostly look in the darkness of the midnight hour. Certainly there seems very much that is absnrd in it all as one looks back from the present, bnt so great was the shock to the system that the fright caused an illness that well-nigh proved fetal, and that it took months to recover from. 