FICTION. f'rnui r.iiRlUh, Amcrlrnn, and oilier Periodicnl«. FAITHFÜlT^THE END CHAPTEE XV. " SO PERISH ALL" MT HOPES AND M1 BRIEF DREAM / OF LOVE." Mrs. Temple had caught a glimpse of her son from the v-jndow, and hurried to the door to open it for him, In a few brief words the son had explained thn exact situation of affaiis. " Of course, yon acted for the best, as you sup- posed, in. bringing her here, Diehard," she said ; ?" but I have always been just a little dubious aboufr taking in strangers. I hope it will turn out well ¡" -and she glanced at the eager, flushed face of her handsome young son. The lady would have been better pleased if the stranger had been less fair to look upon. " Dick is young, and youth is always impressible," she thought, as she led the way to a cozy morning room ; " who knows but what it may end in his falling in love with her." That thought sent a thrill of terror to Mrs. Temple's heart. Dick had deposited his lovely burden on the divan, .and his mother had taken charge of her, hastening to remove her hat and throw off the dark cloak. She put back the fair curling hair from the lovely face, and as she did so, a startled cry fell from her lips. "Why Dick, I know'this young girl!" she ex- claimed. < " You must telegraph Senator .Chester and his wife at once ; it is ono of the young ladies who have been stopping at their house for the last month or so. You have heard of the two school- girls-the brunette and the lovely little blonde w ho have caused such a furore in social circles lately # This is the petite little blonde- lovely Verhe Sefton. You must go over to the way-station and telegraph Mrs. Chester at once. There must have been an accident-a runaway ; her aukle is badly sprained." And thiB was the mysterious telegram which puzzled Mrs. Chester quite a little when she re- ceived it, and which took her p^st haste to Mis. Temple's* the home of hor old friend. Mrs. Chester's intense surprise and joy upon be- holding Verlie can better be imagined than described. She would have taken her home at once, but it was deemed advisable for the sprained ankle to remain perfectly inactive for a day or so. Then it would be as good as new; the Bprain, though painful, was slight, after all. Mrs. Chester concluded to give .Rutledge and TJldene a complete surprise, by not telegraphing not letting them know what a startling surprise she had for them. How amazed they would be when she enteredi leading Verlie hy the hand. Ah ! how happy Eut ledge would be-her darling boy, who loved beauti- ful, golden- haired "Verlie so well ! In the excitement of accounting for her absence as she had solemnly promised- ihe had not men- tioned that she had left the house in company with Uldene, and Mrs. Chester never dreamed of question- ing her closely. And there was another subject upon which the senator's wife was reticent; sho knew Verlie was by far too coy and bashful to discuss a love affair with her- Eutledge Chester's mother. \ While we leave Mrs. Chester and Verlie journey- ing homeward-all unprepared for the shock they are to meet there-we will return to the events which have been transjpiring since that fatal night on which, for the better or worse, Uldene and Eutledge Chester were wedded. We will go back, dear reader to that weird and solemn death-bed marriage. It was a pitiful sight to see the white face lying hack against the pillow, the white hands clinging to the strong hands that held them, and the great, dark, wondrous eyes, helf veiled by the long, silken, curling lashes, gazing with a world of love in them into the white, handsome, sorrowful face bending over her. " My wife," he says, in a choked, hard voice. Those were the words she had said she wanted to hear last on earth-but somehow they hurt him. He had dreamed of the hour when he should say those words to another-lovely, golden-haired Verlie, whom he loved with all the mad, passionate love of his heart, and whom he had pictured many a day as his bride. In a single hour the face of heaven and earth had changed for him. And oh !-how strange a fate lie waa breathing those sacred words, my wife, over another-an unloved bride. "Holdmy hands clasped closely," the girl, mur- mured, in gasping terror. " I-I am slipping away from life-clasp my hands until all is over. It will be but for a few brief moments. Heaven has been kindtome," whisperedthe quavering voioe. "Ishall die looking on your face. I am dying, and I may tell you now how I have loved you," she went «n ?with all the unconscious pathos of a little child ** I should never have told you this, but I ara dying-" " Poor Uldene !" he murmured, pityingly. " Poor I child!" j A great wave of sorrow sweeps over his heart. He holds the little dèath-cold hands closer, and ?watches^ the lovely, despairing face that grows . whiter and whiter with each struggling breath. The hush grows deeper. There is the silence of death in the room. The housekeeper buries her head in the white counterpane and sobs bitterly. The consulting doctors look significantly and v, gravely at each other, and turn their faces away. Slowly, the white, heavy-fringed\eyelids com- menced to fall over the dark, wistful, glazed eyes, shutting out the face she had loved so well-only Heaven above knew how well. A great wave of infinite pity filled Eutledge Chester's heart. Poor Uldene ! how much she had cared for him ! He bent his handsomo head over her, and pressed his warm lips to the cold, white, clammy ones. It was the first caress and the last he would ever give her in life. She would dink into the sleep of death with that kiss trembling on her lips. } "Uldene!-my bride!" he murmurs again, in < ximpassionate pity. But mark the wondrous i ;hange that lights up the marble face upon which 1 the cold death- dew stands. That kiss and; the J sound of the voice she loved so dearly as drawn her soul back from the daik valley of the shadow of death-back to life and the world from which she was slipping. The tide goes out with a dreary wash, but it does not bear Uldene's soul out with it. The doctors bend forward with a cry of surprise, used as they are to surprises. Tho film breaks slowly away from the eyes that never leave Eutledge Chester's white, handsome, startled face. A faint tinge spreads over the clammy brow and the pale lips that Eutledge Chester, in his infinite pity, has pressed with a last good-by caress. The pulse-beat grows more distinct-the chilled heart flutters ever so faintly. " It is my opinion that your bride will live, Mr. Chester," whispered the doctor. "Those timely words and that kiss called her back from tho grave, he said, solemnly. Like one in a dream, Eutledge Chester lifts his haggard face. Had he heard aright, or were his senses playing him false ? " It is quite true," repeated the doctor, cheer- fully. " I am pleased to tell you that your bride will live." He had not loved her, yet a strange thrill of thankfulness shot through his heart as he looked down into the beautiful face. The great, dark, slumbrous eyes sought his with a look of entreaty piteous to behold. " You are sorry, Eutledge '" she gasped faintly. i " No, Uldene," he whispered, with deep feeling, " I|thank Heaven your young life has been spared. The doctor touched Eutledge lightly on the arm. " She needs rest and quiet now. After a good sleep there will be a marked improvement in her condition. I will watch alone by her bedside an [ hour more." The occupants of the room rose slowly and quitted tho apartment so lately clouded by the brooding shadows of death, With slow, unsteady stops, Eutledge Chester sought the library and shut himself in. Never was a man caught in such a web by the strange machinations of fate- wedded to one woman while every pulse beat of his heart throbbed with love for another. To him the present was full of misery and the future all dark. A piince might have been proud to woo and win beautiful Uldene, with her wondrous dowefc of beauty for his bride. She would have charmedany man with her divine loveliness. Perhaps out ot the whole wide world this man who had married her was the only one who could have looked upon her without emotion. A sense of the cruel wrong that a loveless marri- age would be to her came over Eutledge, but it could not be helped. He had often heard and read of the idolatrous love of women, but surely there never was such a fatal, unfortunate, pathetic love as that which filled the heart of beautiful, hapless Uldene. He had given Uldene his name, but he could never give her his heart. He had none to give. His heart had pasBed out of his keeping the first moment he had looked into the eyes of Verlie. But he must put all thoughts of Verlie away from him now, henceforth, and forever. He arose and took from his writing-desk a little glove, a bit of ribbon, and a fadod blossom, and laid them sorrowfully on the blazing coals of the grate. A moment more and only the ashes remained. " So perish my hopes and my brief dream of love," he said. Yet, even in that moment of bitter despair, he could not find it in his heart to curse the fate that fettered him-until death parted thom-to Uldene, whose great, worshipful love won from him the profoundest pity. CHAPTEE XVI. THE YOUNO BRIDE. " In thy dear arms metbought Ufe would recover Its vanished j oys-I'd Ure again for thee ; Yet we must part-our happy dream is over. Farewell, farewell, dear loro ; 'twas not to be 1 Nearly a week had passed Bince that weird mid- night marriage, and Uldene was convalescing slowly. In that time Eütledge Chester tried his best to be most tendet and devoted to the beautiful 'girl bride that fate had thrust upon him in so strange a manner. " You are not sorry that I lived, are you Eutledge she often asked, raising those wondrous dark, starry eyes to his face. His answer was always a grave-" No Uldene." She had spoiled his future ; but he could not grudge this fair child her sweet young life. She was only a child-a thoughtless child of seventeen _and how was she to realize what he foresaw, that this impulse which bound him to her, without love, could never bring happiness ? Eutledge promised himself that, even though he' did not love Uldene, she should never find him' wanting in kindness aad tender consideration, i He was startled-nay, pained-at Uldene's worshipful love for himself. He saw the beautiful face flush and the dark eyes brighten at his approach; the little white hands fluttered and trembled if by chance he happened to clasp them a moment in his own ; and he could plainly hear the wild throbbing of her heart. "Uldene," he said, one day, "it is quite a week since mother went away. She'must soon return. How surprised she will be when she learns what has transpired during her absence !" 1 He was. hardly prepared for the cry of terror that burst from the girl's white lips. His mother ! Ah, in her supreme happiness, she had almost for- gotten the very existence of his mother. Uldene elong to him, with a look of fear on her face that he never forgot while his life lasted. The very winds moaning outside seemed to repeat the horrible words she had'heard his mother utter that memor- able night when she quite believed herself to be alone : " Thank God, my son was not fated to love beautiful, hapless Uldene! Yes, thank God, it was not Uldene !" What if his mother should show Eutledge that fatal letter, and it should part them ! Ah ! better that she had died when she was so near eternity than that ! " Oh, Eutledge !" she whispered, " what if she should be very angry that you had married me ' What should you do? Tell me what you would do!" "I would do nothing," he said, gravely. "But then," he added, hastily, " you should not imagine such a thing possible. I know ehe loves you well, Ulderie." " Not as a daughter !" she murmured, piteously. " She would not have wished you to marry me." She looked up wistfully into his face, all the love that filled hec heart shining in her dark, tearful eyes. Heaven help him. He hated himself. He knew that he should have taken her in his arms, whis- pered loving words to her, and kissed the smiles back to her pretty, dimpled, dismayed face to ¡omfort' her, but he could not. A fair, sweet face, "rained in a sheen of golden hair, and a pair of eyes i like blue hyacinths, floated between them, leaving i his heart colder than marble. 1 "Oh, Eutledge," she went on, with a great, toailess sob, " what if she should try to part us ?" "Try to part us, Uldene!" he said, slowly, endeavouring to speak caielesaly, even though his whole frame trembled and his lips grew palo. " Why should you imagine that ?" She did not answer him, but clung to him with death-cold hands. " You would not like to be parted from me," he said, almost frightened at the intensity of her love. " Suppose Heaven should take me from you, what then ?" He never forgot, through all the after years of bitter pai«, the face she raised to his. "If we were ever parted from each other, I should go mad," she whispered. " I would not die, for I could not rest in my grave. Oh, Eutledge, to lose you would be more bitter than death." He was touched inexpressibly by the pathos of her voice and face. He caressed the dark, curly head, and the little, white hands lying clasped in his own. Poor child ! What a world of love she had lavished upon him, all in vain. He would have loved her if he could. But, alas ! love goes where God sends it. And Heaven willed that he should love another, quite aB hopelessly as poor Uldene loved him. "Uldene," he said, thoughtfully, "I am the last one to preach on such subjects ; but do you think it wise for anyone to become so engrossed in his or her love as that ? "There are some natures that cannot help it," she replied, " and mine is one of them. I could not imagine anything so terrible as losing you. My reason would fail me, like a poor girl's did in a story I once read, and the dreary mad-house where they would take me would never cease echoing with your name. If you died, first, Eutledge," she went on, in a sobbing whisper, "I would come and kneel upon your grave, and there my poor heart would break. They would find me lying dead upon your grave. When all that made life worth living was gone, how could I live P" Eutledge Chester bent his handsome head, and kissed the beautiful, quivering red lips in pity too great for words, It was the first and last kiss he eyer gara her voluntarily, and the memory of it always lived in Uldene's passionate, undisciplined heart. Her face grew radiant at this unexpected indication of his tenderness. And in that moment the thought was passing through his mind that he might have loved this hapless child in time if his heart had not long since gone out to another. No man's heait is large eunogh to hold two loves. "When mother returns, and you are strong enough, wo will go abroad," he said. "You will uko that Undene ?" For answer the dark curly head nestled against his shoulder, and she raised those lovely dark eyes, with a beaming light in thom to his face. There was this great charm about Uldene ; She possessed, in a most wonderful degree, the gift of fascination. The very touch of those little white hands was a subtle caress. Eutledge felt the charm. He was but human ; and though she was not the darling of his heart the one he loved and would have chosen for his bride-he could not resist the power of her affec- tion. And yet the very lavishness of the love she gave him tried him. His belief had always been that the fair sex should be wooed, and never lose the exquisite charm of their delicacy by being wooers. "You will think the matter over, Uldene," he , said as he rose to quit the room, " as to where you wish to go." " We will go anywhere you like, Eutledge," she said. " I can be happy anywhere-with you." Those were the words h'e took with him from the pink and gold boudoir down to the library. ' He was too much engrossed in his own thoughts to hear the commotion in the corridor. A moment later some oue turned the knob of the door and flung it open, and raising his head, he beheld his mother standing'on$he threshold, and beside her- an, was he mad or dreaming !-beside her stood Verlie ! he uttered a mighty cry of rapturous de- light aa he sprang forward ; then the cry froze on his lips ; his strong arms fell to his side in a con- vulsive shudder and ho stood in the middle of the floor as if rooted to the spot. In a few brief words Mrs. Chester explained the accident that had happened to Verlie, as she herself understood ft. Eutledge listened like one dazed. " I have brought her back to you my boy," said Mrs. Chester leading Verlie up to where Eutledge stood, and placing her little tremulous hand in his. She knows how dearly you love her, Eutledge. I have told her all. I will leave you together," she. said, archly, " while I go in search of Uldene. What wonderful news this will be to her." - Before Eutledge could find his voice the door was closed softly and.he was alone with Verlie-the one love of his heart-the sweet-faced, blue-oyed darling he loved better than life itself, and who was ¡parted from him now as effectually as though one of them lay in the grave. Verlie could not understand the curious white- ness that overspread his handsome haggard face. She had pictured so often what her meeting with Eutledge would be like, but never, oh never-had she pictured anything like this. She was fright- ened at the fierce, desperate, despairing look in his face. What could it moan ? She was frightened and dismayed. He knew what his mother meant when she left him alone with Verlie. She would not stay to see the rapturous lover's greeting between his bashful love and himself. Ah, could she have dreamed of the long story he had to tell Verlie. There was nothing for it but to tell hör the whole truth. Yet he longed, with all the Jonging of his soul, to hear from Verlie'slips first the acknowledgement _she carß'd for him. In all the years of his after-' life those words would live in his heart. A few words were not much" to feed a hungry, yearning heart, but it would be a' bitter-sweet thought to him to know Verlie cared for him, and that he might have won her if ¿r'uel fate had not torn them asunder. ' ' He knew that he should have resisted the temp- tation to draw from her lips the words, " I love you, Eutledge," when that love could never be realized; but ho was only human, and in this hour he was parting from her forever; and he loved her better than life itself. CHAPTEE XVII. A IfOBXE HEABT. "Bud we ni ver loved sae kindly, Bad we never loved sae blindly. Never met or never parted. We had ne'er been broken-hearted 1 " Fare the weel, thou flrst and fairest ! Fare the weet, thou bestand dearest I Thine be ilka joy and treasure, Peace, enjoyment, love ana pleasure ! Ae fond kiss, and then we sever 1 Aefareweel-alas!-forever I" ItOBEBT BOBOT. Eutledge Chester steps forward, his handsome face paling and flushing. But before he can utter the fatal words that spring from his heart to his Ups, the door is dashed violently open, and Mrs. Chester, white as a ghost, staggers into the room, followed by the frightened housekeeper. " Eutledge !" she cries out in an awful voiceof sup- pressed agony, " tell mo, is this thing I hear true ? Oh, my God, I cannot believe it ! It is too horrible ! Mrs. Pierce tells me that in my absence you married Uldene Sefton." He answers his mother, but he turns his pale, haggard face, full of entreaty, to the golden-haired girl standing by his side. "It is quite true, mother," ho said, huskily. " Uldene is my wife. I will tell you-" The sentence was never finished. Mrs. Chester fell prone upon the velvet carpet like one turned to stone. As for Verlie-ah, who shall describe the terrible pain that smote hor heart, moro cruel than a dagger's thrust, as she heard those words. The room seemed to whirl around her, her face grow pale as death, and the light died from her eyes. Her senses were confused. Her whole soul was steeped in the horror of dull despair. It was her sentence of death. It was the warrant that cut her off from all that was bright and beautiful in life. Her timid, girlish heart had gone out to Eutledge Chester in all the freshness and sweetness of first love, and now, her heart-atone great, awful throb -broke in her breast. So it seemed to her. Verlie Sefton was no tragedy queen. She did not cry out or utter any moan. Looking into her lovely pale face, Eutledge could not tell how deeply and pitifully, the fatal truth had affected her ; but in the slight shiver that swept over her form-like a chill winter blast on a tender flower-he read che sweet possibilities of " what might have been." Ho knew the truth. She cared for him. There was little time to speculate over this matter now, for the servants were hurriedly flock- ing to the library, alarmed at tho unusual com- motion, uttering terrified cries as their oyes fell upon the prostrate figure of their mistress. With tender hands they raised her, and bore her to her own boudoir ; ana in the confusion Verlie slipped from the room and Bought Uldene. She groped her way, like one stricken blind, up the broad stairway, and down the long corridor, odorous with the breath of blossoms, until she stood before the pretty apartment she had shared with Uldene; but Uldene was not there. She heard the sound of her voice a little way on in the con- servatory, and thither she went ; and there, stand- ing in the midst of a mass of scarlet passion flower, Bho saw Uldene. " Uldene !" she called, softly- " Uldene !" The little white hands that held the scarlet blooms dropped them ; the dark head was lifted from the flowers, and Verlie saw a look of swift terror cross her sister's face. " How strange it is, waking or sleeping, when he is with me or alone, I am haunted by her voice. She comes to me in the dead of the night, standing before me in the moonlight, with her face pale as death, her fair hair falling in disheveled masses about it, crying out in an awful voice : ' Uldene ! Uldene ! beware of God's vengenance ! You have stolen my love from me, you have sown my heart with thorns, but you shall reap the harvest ! Take care ! Beware !" Uldene put out her white hands with a gesture of defiance, murmuring, brokenly : " Why should I be haunted with such visions ? I have won him. I love him better than she ever could. Such a nature as Verlie's is incapable of a great love." In that hour she forgot the cruel treachery that put Verlio out of her path, and that led to her present happiness. She remembered only her own love, and its success. The love that she had coveted was now hers; her hopes gratified. The cup she had craved for was filled to the brim. She, instead of Verlio, was Eutledge Chester's bride. Again from over the nodding crimson roses she heard the sound of her name, softly, yet more distinct this time. She became aware that some one was putting aside the green branches and coming towards her. One glance, then the awful whiteness of death came over her. "Am I mad! or do I dream?" she gasped. " Verlie's ghost has come back from the grave to haunt me !" A horrible darkness seemed closing in around her, and the world seemed to slip from her. Another instant and Verlie had sprung to her side, catching tho swaying form in her arms. But Uldene did not swoon, terrible as the shock had been. "I am no ghost, Uldene," she whispered, caress- ing the dark, curly head. "I know how you mourned for me. I can imagine what your feelings must have boen when you returned and found me goue. You thought, with them, that I must have recovered in your absence and started for home. Is it not 'so ?" Uldene nodded. The power of speech seemed to havo left her. "I was taken charge of by poor and honest people, who found me. I came back to you as soon as I tfould." The color rushed back to.Uhlene's deathly pale face, and the blood began to circulate about her heart. Ah ! some one had rescued Verlie, then, and her sister (she still called her that) did not know that she had left her to her fate-left her to recover and die alone amidst the snowdrifts in the isolated ohurch-yard. ) " I have come back to you, Uldene," whispered the soft, wistful voice, " and the first thing I hear, quite as soon as I cross the threshold, is that you are-you are-married, Uldene, and-fo him. Tell me, my darling-I-I cannot quite credit it-is it true ?" " Yes," replied Uldene. " I am his wife, Verlie. You remember the-the-letter you received on that night, Verlie ?" she wont on, quivering with suppressed, intense excitement. " What a terrible mistake came near being made ! It was intended for me, Verlie'; nlft for you, dear. It was not you whom he loved,-Verdie, dear, but me." A strange quiet "fell upon Verlie. The few art- ful words had their effect, The sound of Uldene's voice fell upon her ear like a sound from a distance. Verlie's faithful heart was wounded nigh unto death but she made no sign. She longed to be alone, and think how much Eutledge' Chester's mistake had cost her, and weep her heart, out in secret over her broken love-dream. * " How vain and foolish I was to think he cared for me," thought the poor girl. " It is ÍB well that no one dreams that I love him she thought. " I am thankful that fate spared me from coming to him to the conservatory that night." By a mighty effort she put all thought of self from her, and tried to rejoice in Uldene's happiness. All her life she had been accustomed to give up to beautiful Uldene in all things. She loved this beautiful spoiled dark-eyed creature, whom she believed to bo her sister, with a love that was almost idolatrous. She would have given her bright, young life-had it been the price-to save Uldeue's. "You are happy in his love, Uldene ?" she said, wistfully ; " let mo hear you say so, dear." " I am moro happy than I can tell you, Verlie," she answered, raising those dark, starry eyes to the blue ones, BO heavy with unshed tears. " I love him so well that if I were to lose him it would kill me, or I should lose my reason." From that moment heroic, noble Verlie put all thoughts of Eutledge Chester from her. What it cost her, only Heaven and the listening angles knew, who heard her pitiful prayers for strength and saw her despairing tears. But, even thon-even nt the cost of her own misery-she was glad Uldene was happy : that thought was her one consolation in those bitter hours of anguish, when she fought such pitiful battles with her own heart-to crush out the love that had built its altar there. Hew she longed to go away-to creep back to tho shelter of the old light-house- fling herself on her mother's breast and die there. Oh, fatal was the hour in which she had drifted away from that lonely island home, out into the great, hard world, where she had met the hero of her girlish day- dreams, handsome Eutledge Chester, and learned to love him him. When Mrs. Chester was removed to her room and a physician summoned, it was discovered that she had been stricken with a severe fit of apoplexy partly paralysis, induced by some great mental shock. "There was no hope," the doctor said, and advised them to send for Senator Chester without delay ; but this was impossible, for only a few days previous, tho senator had been called suddenly abroad by a very important affair of State, and it would bo quite a week yet before he reached port and found the cablegram awaiting him, apprising him of his wife's sudden and dangerous illness. If the worst came, all would bo over before he could possibly reach home. When Uldene heard of Mrs. Chester's arrival half fainting with fear, she made her way to her room to beg of her to keep her terrible secret. She was met with the startling news that when she had heard of her son's marriage she had dropped to the floor like one dead ; and from that moment she had lost speech and action,-that never again would those lips speak ; they were stricken dumb forever more. A terrible cry fell from Uldene's lips, for she knew why-ah, sho knew why. (To be continued.) 