NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Mr- Abbott, who bad a speech steeping in gall for the previous 48 hours, came forward last night as soon as time was called. From the fact that Mr. Thomas Walker had moved the adjournment of the debate, it was thought that the Opposition intended to " sool " him on and enjoy the spectacle of two or three hours' political bull-baiting. Better counsels, however, prevailed, and Mr. Abbott took the business of obstruction in his own bands. Mr. Abbott's eloquence is not of an exhilara ting kind at the best of times. His voice is always hard, dry, cold and monotonous, and he has been provided by Nature with a set of sentiments to match. Such is Mr. Abbott at his best, with the genial sun of office warming him and a cloudless political sky above him. It is therefore easy to imagine what lie would be like last night. He commenced by maintaining hi3 right as leader of the Opposition to shelter behind Mr. Copelaud if lie thonglit fit. Of course he lias that right. What lie lias not a right to do, however, is to make a deliberate promise and then break it. He pledged himself only a few nights ago to neither resort to obstruction himself nor to let any of his followers resort to it. He would lead, he said, as long as he was leader, and men like Mr. Copeland would have to follow. Now, he not only allows Mr. Copeland to put up a barricade : he fights in it, and fights behind Mr. Cope- laud's back. This, however, by the way. 31 r. Abbott then proceeded to express a few sound freetradc truisms with regard to a land tax, and having got that evidently dis agreeable and labored task over he joined enthusiastically in the Brewers' Holy War against the proposed beer tax. They will " pass the tax on," he says, and ultimately fix it on the " poor man." Do not the importers pass the tax on imported beer along also, and thereby on Mr. Abbott's own showing place the better kiua of tipple entirely out of the poor man's reach, compelling him to regale himself on what 31r. Abbott calls " swankey ?M Did not tho importers "pass on" the ad- valorem duties and make the working-man pay so much more for his boots, clothing, medicines, and every other necessity on which Mr. Abbott helped to placo these iniquitous "imposts ? Yet never do we hear a word about the poor man uut.il a tax i3 proposed which will limit the consumption of colonial beer and thereby limit the num ber of bloated liver-, sodden intellects and wretched homes amongst the masses whom 'Mr. Abbott so suddenly comes forward to cbataoioi). As far as the rules of the House would allow, and as much further ns the Speaker would tolerate, Mr. Abbott then went ou to discuss the provisions of the new Railway Bill, He objects to one clause in that mea- | sure ou the ground that it involves protec tion in its worst form." It proposr-s to give the Government power, if necessary, to chock reckless expenditure in plant and rolling stock outside the colony. Mr. Abbott considers this an interference with the fundamental principles of freetradc. Then, again, there were the kerosene duties, the sugar duties and wine duties — all pro tective, and of these also Mr. Abbott had to complain. Talking about the deficit being the remit of extravagance iu public works, he did not see why that, should bo dwelt on | with so much point and persistency. No- j body denied tbnt. such extravagance was in dulged in. Every Ministry was obliged to bo extravagant. Mr. Abbott confesses that his fiscal education is by no means complete, and it is not quite certain whether he will take his final degree as a protectionist or a freetrader. At present he says he i3 laboriously trying to make out the difference, if any, between an import duty uud a bounty. The diii'erencc is — to use a phrase that Mr. Abbott will understand — this: A bounty is protection in a bud form and a Customs duty is " protection in its worst form." Take an illustration from Mr. A.bboti 's own speech : Kerosene is uow protected to the tune of fid. per gallon. That, is to say that for everv gallon of kerosene the limited number of people who use this commodity buy they an; obliged to contribute fid. to the support ui' the local company. The sum or these contributions amounts to some thou sand jiounds a year. Now, if thi? was paid in the form of u bounty the result to the local industry would be exactly the same. In that aspect of the ease Mr. Abbott may be excused for foiling to see any difference between a bounty and an import duty. There is no diiT-jronee at uil- as far as the recipient of the bounty is concerned. It i not so, however, with those wuu have to pay it. Jf our kerosene makers got their fid. per gallon iu the form of a bounty the whole community would be obliged to contribute to it. As it is, the whole burden falls upon the few remote settlers who consume kerosene. 3ir. Garrett, who followed, had an easy task in laying Mr. Abbott out. Jiis speech, however, was not up to bis highest standard. The unreal character of the arguments be was demolishing placed him at a palpable disadvantage. Let anyone try a hard kick at nothiug and he will ut once realise tho difficulties Mr. Garrett had to coutend against. In one respect, however, his speech was valuable. It flatly contradicted that delivered ou the previous night by the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Burns said the prospect of a property tax was vanishing everyday, and that the object of his finan cing would be to prevent the necessity of one arising. Mr. Garrett said the present intention of the Government is simply to " clear the ground for a property tax." it is to be hoped Mr. Garrett and not Mr. Burns has spoken what is really the mind of the Government with regard to this ques tion. Time will tell, Mr. Chanter, the melancholy mail from the Murray, then raised a loud lament for the brewers. The tax of 4d. iu the gallon on beer, ho says, plays directly into the hands of Victoria. It just takes about that much to get Victorian beer delivered in Mr. Chanter's part of the country. Is there not a Customs duty, however, upon it ? Let Mr. Chanter take heart. There is balm in Gilead, and there will still be Tooth and Toohey in Corowa. Mr. Ai'Elhone, the flow of whose eloquence is nor. unlike the rapid hut embarrassed gurgle of beer out of an inverted bottle, then rose up and wanted to know what was the mean ing of retaining duties on cils, varnish, trail?, timber and everything else used in carriage building while letting manufactured vehicles come iu duty free. That is a conundrum which we have loug ago given up. Mr. Burns, it appears, lias given it up too. At the same time Mr. M'Elhone knew enough not to be caught by the snare of Mr. Copeland. There would be worse injustices than that in our tariff if the Opposition got their way, and he would vote not to keep the present Government in but to keep their opponents out. Like Patrick who stuck his hut in the broken window pane not to let in the light but to keep out the cold. 31r. O'Sullivan having got hold of a new oratorical show at this juncture opened dis playing a gruesome procession of " ghosts before the soul of guilty Richard." The rest of his speech consisted of the old pro gramme. Mr. Tonkin being an ex-publican would vote for the beer tax as a means of compelling what he calls " the bloated brewer" to make some compensation for the remission of the hops and malt duties. " The brewers gain nothing from that " clamored their advocates on the Opposition benches. " I know that a great many of them don't," said Mr. Tonkin, " because they dou't use either hops or inalt. They get the stuff that makes the swankey at the chemist's shop." If they wanted any more trade secrets Mr. Tonkin said they could have them. But they did not want any more, so Mr. Tonkin sat down. Mr. Melville, in fuil war paint, then took liis tomahawk and went forth to fight on behalf of " local poisoners." " If we are to poison our people with beer let us do it ourselves,'' he shrieked. He then went on to state that his candid opinion on a property tax amounted to this : Sir Henry Parkes was " an old marasoopol." This was probably by way of . letting Mr. O'Sullivan see that his procession of ghosts was not to appropriate the oratorical belt without challenge. Mr. Alfred Allen succeeded in getting off another speech revealing prose specimens freely throughout. Then the voice of Mr. B. 15. Wilkinson was heard crying in the wilderness of the Opposition cross-benches and bitterly denouncing Abbott- Melvilleism, from which he lives in such imminent danger of political contamination. He would sit on the Government side, he said, in the division, and if be really wishes to escape that con tamination which lie professes to dread he will remain there. After Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wall and Mr. Seaver had come and gone in dreary succession the'Opposition made a despairing request to have the agony prolonged another night, but the Government had had enough and determined to take the division there and then. Sixty-four to 19 was tho report of the tellers, and thus a week of obstruction eoded. 