THE NAME OF THE COLONY. .Ttc suleject of tho re.christening of the Scolony is receiving some attention; and in our opinion is entitled to more. Tlhe follow. ing contribution, which treats of that sub. ject, was published in the "Shoallhaven Tele graph" in November last, and appears worth reprinting. Thie writer is at considorable pains to set forth the actual state of the question, but does not very strongly reconm mend any particular appellation. It will be observed that some of the allusions which the article contains have lost their mueaning 'through lapse of time, but this is of little consequence. Smn,-A great deal is written and spoken just now as to the manner in which tile ap. .proaching centenary of the colony may be most appropriately and offecti vely celebrated; and in all probability a good deal of money will be spent on tile occasion-to more or loss good purpose. However that may be, I tlhink I can suggest one little project, which most persons of taste or cultivation might very well agree in regarding as highly appro. priato to the occasion; which might be put in execution without any other expense than that of a little thought; and which from its own nature would be hold much longer in memory than any series of pic-nics and ox. cursions, however expensive, and however nobly attended. Tile pr.ject I speak of is simply the roe.christening of the colony. A few days ago I happened to b) strolling in that pleasant resort, where the molten image of the great circumnavigator stands with outstretched hand overlooking the har bour from the spot, where, some years ago, so much declamation was poured forth by "pastors" and others against what the do claimers thought the sins and errors of tihe day. It struck me that if the bronze hero could be animated for a moment by the ap. propriate ghost, he likewise might take up his parable against tlhe peoplo of this genera tion to sonmething like the following oflbect: " Behold " he might say, "where a British, or at leasta mixed community has establish. od itself, anld flourished like a green hay tree, on a coast which, more than a century ago, it was my fortune to discover or re.discover; and to which, in entire ignorance whether it would over be of importance in tie human world,-in ignorance, !indeed, of everythiing hut tile mire outline of its lills and shores, I gave for tile nonco tihe natmeo of Now South Wales, by way of temporary distinction fromn other remoto shores, and without any more specifico reason that tie casual resemblance which it presented to the coast of "old ' South WVales. I-Iure is a community, which ihas increased to a million of souls, much given to boasting, or blowing as tlhey call it, of tlheir progress in wealth, and their posseas sions in flocks and herds; hmee is a metro polls counting its inhabitants by hundreds of thousands, who blow in like manner of thuheir refionement, their oncouragoment of tihe arts, andl what not: and yet, thougllh here they hlave been for a century, thleseopeople are so insensible to thIe proprieties, or even thIme ordinary conveniences of spoeech-so oompletely do they ignore the litncss of things in such matters, that they have never troubled themselves to select for theirmmuch hoasted territory any appellation more ap propriato than the rough and ready one which I applied ion irst viewing it, Nay, they are apparently incapable of following thie exaunplo of their own offshoots, all of which, on obtaining.political separation, have adopted for themselves convetnient, appro prilate, and perhaps ouphlonious appallations," Whatever may be thought of such a speech as this in the mouth of bronze, I have no doubt that Captain Cook, who was a man of fineoulture, as well as of heroic mould, would, if it wore possible for hilm to look on matters colonial at this day, feel as much disgust at tile apathy of the colonists concerning tile choice of an appropriate appellation for their territory and themsolves, as hlie would ex perience satisfaction at the sight of his own elligy rising from among the Ilowmring plants of lyde Park. It. might be expected that any but the most illiterate-thloso who are virtually incapable of an opinion on such a sutjoot-would, on applying their minds for a imomnent to this question, admit thei ridiou lous unlitness of the appellation by which we continuo to distinguishi tihe mother coloniy of the Australias. That this does not happen ciii only be attributed to the force of halit, w',icll practically reconciles people to much worse thllings than the perpetuation of an ehsurd " style and title;" though in its own way nothing can be worse than thi instance nw in question, which shows strikingly how dillicult it is to remnove what Shelloey calls the Iveil of fmniliarity," which virtually oncoeals alike the coimelinoss of one object and tihe ugliness of another. It is coimmonly known, of course, that tihe youngor colonies which once fomed portions if this, did on separating, and setting up fort' theinmselves, adopt other appellations than lhsit bly whichl they had beon previously Iknown--Vian )ionmn's Land becoming Tas mIania ; M:oreton Bay- Queensland, anudt so fort(h. Now, if it so i.happenied that this colonlly w'io separating froim ,scae other Icly politio, and had to select a title for iltself, is it eoneitvable that ailly no!eiLer' of a lUaliflued comlnittoi: or otlmr Assemlbly woruhi forka nionienti drealm of proposing for millt, ionel c sih nit iillltl o, as t(Ilelit of .' Nw Suth' itles c" .lllAd if anybody did so, wotild it boe an. argiuent in its favour, that Captain Cook had, on a distant view of the coast, conceived that it bore some re. secmblance to that of South Wales ? That the appellation is compounded of three words, would on thel score of mere convenience he sullicient, I suspect, to condemn it in the judgment of any person or number of per. sons qualified to consider tlhe matter, oven if the composite term should happen to possess, as this does not, some amount of positive appropriateness to recomlllmend it. It is worth while, perhaps, for anyone possessing a slight knowledge of other lan guages than his own to observe how tile pro soent name of tile colony translatos, say, into French. NouvETr.Ls GArLus DU Sun ID Oan anything more hideous he conceived( If it had happened that Capt. Oook had, after the procedent of NovA Sco'rA, for instance, employed the Latin language, and termed his discovery NovA CAI1IRIA, that doubleappellation would, indeed, have been more convenient, flexible and euphonious than the triple one with which we are saddled, though it would have been equally olbjection. able on the score of inappropriatoness, and on other grounds. I do not know that much can be said regarding any relation betweea the actual name of the colony alnd its old Pe1NAL status In that connection tihe name of Botany Bay lhas eclipsed or superseded every other. B3ut the full strength of the case appears when one asks what is the proper appellation by which tihe people of the colony individually and collectively are to be distinguished. "The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests." The dwellers in the neigh bouring colonies can present themselves, as in a decent garment, under the names of Tasmanians, Queenslanders, Victorians. Tile people of Wales are properly enough tlhe Welsh of course. But the Now South Welsh l a New South Welshman l It is not permitted to a wise man to be astonisheod at anything; if it wore, it might be matter of astonishment that the present nameu of the colony over survived thelo test supplied by the sight or sound of these last appella tions, I recollect reading long ago, that Sir Charlos D])ufll', oin first coming to Australia, was struck with the peculiar absurdity of the only term under which, as it appeared to him, tile people of Now South WVales could be described, The wonder is that anybody but the most stolid antd ignorant can fail to be struck with the absurdity of it, It is useless, howover, to attempt to prove the absurdity to any one who does not perceive it. As well tallk to a blind man about tile beauty of a landscape. It is stated, I think, in Mr. Hingston's " Austra lian Abroad," tlhat tile horses imported into India from tile colony, are known there by the naie of " Walers,"-a sort of slang term, no doubt, but, at any rate, convenient enough, Horsy people and turfy people are for tlhe most part slangy. A remark said to have been made by Lord OCanrring? ton, to the eilTct that the colonists were a genuine sporting com11mu0ity, has ill the most snobbish fashion been repeated by one colonial newspaper after anothoer, as if it wore a valuable cortilicate of mlrit. As a sporting comlilunity, howevur, they mlight perhaps Ie content to adopt for themselves the charactoristio appellatlon, whlich Anglo Indialls have bestowed upon tlheir export horses. They might " blow," for instance, tlhat the recent great scullling match on the Thames was won by tihe Waler, But whllat would lbe a ireally nppropriate and cligiblo appellation to adopt in planco of thle present one ? :For mly owll part, I have no novll suggestion to oeilr ; but I will von turn on a few gellural remarks on thie quas tioll, One colllmetlndaIble mlode of sotting alout the business of i oehristening wouldl beo, 1 thinlk, to onquire whether thle lanllgungeo of the aboriginal races allords material for what is wanted. WTllelr the " Kallilnroi " tonguo would, or would not furnish this, I have not thu slightest idea, Mr. Hingston in,.his ramlles in Oeylon mentions an in, stance in whicih teli Oinglose appollation of Nawera Eliya lhad Ioon softened for Euro. peon use in Nauralia. Now, Neuralia is a 1namno which, for eupihony and colnveilleuce, is lit to be used anywhero; but whetler tile languageo of the poor black.follows would furnish 1s with a siiilar chalce, it would not, porhikps, Ie easy to ascrtain. It is known that the Dutch navigators, who becameo more or less acquainted with these shores before Captain Cook, named the territory Now IHolland, Even this would be better tllall Now South Wales, inasmluoll as a colIpounld of two words is loss olbjo. tionable than a comlpolund of thro: it is mlore tolerablo to speak of a Now Ilollandeor than a Now South W\elslhman. I recollect that the lato 13r, Lang (wlho was a line old fellow), with more0 regard, pelrhlapso, for thle Iholnour of thelo grat nlavi gatolr, than for euphlony of language, pro. prosed, if I am not mlistakol, to atlopt tlhe term 0ll ookltslud, A name more deserving of hoaour thal tlhat of Captain Cook oan1 scarooely Ien found ; but Oookslanld rdoes not go trippingly oil' thue. tollnguo; anlld: tllhat is a great mlatterl. If we try thle expldlient of Latiliinsi g, it will not materially mendl the ase,. Latilists belve, renLmlIder tile 11111me of Cook ly coouml.Us, Thlls would give cocOmlAt as theI uppel'ltiol for thle Teurrli. tory; and t doublt thallt woulld never tin, Sir Ifenrly ].lllrks, . Ihlbppell to know, was at olIno 1 ll desirnus to nlllsAtituto tilh, title of Australla L'or thlt of Now South \VWales; but this would be simply out of the ques tion, as the name could never be confined to any one colony. It has been remarked that as Oook's discovery took place in tile very midst of what is called tile Georgian era, tile discoverer, or anybody else, might have ap propria.tely named the land Georgia: but that name ihad been appropriated some tinme before to a North-American region, which at the time was a British possession, and is now one of tihe States of tihe Union. Just after the last separation-that of Queensland-from the parent colony, I heard it remarked in conversation that the remaining portion lhad better adopt the name of Kingsland; and this suggestion might, perlhaps, deserve consideration. Obvious as tile name nay appear, I do not think it is borne by any place of more importance or notoriety than a certain village in HIereford shire, and (I believe) a suburb of London. Persons might be found to oblject to its adoption just now; and tlhe time would, no doubt, be in somne sense more suitable, if we were celebrating the accession of a new King, instead of tihe jubilee of an old Queen. But that is a small matter, considering our pressing need of a now christening. If we ihad a choice, a name with what may be termed a Latin termination is more desir able on account of its comparative flexibility, as Tasman-sh, Tasman-IAN. But it is not worth while to grow prosy on these little grammnatical details. It is after all rather strango that even habit and custom can reconcilo scholars and men of cultivation to the use of the pro posterous appellation which I amn objecting to in this epistle. The promulgation of an appropriate one would bLIe a memorable dis tinction for any governor's termi of oliice, Do such mien as tile Chief Justice and his colleagues, the Primate, tihe professors aund graduates of the University, tile learned professions-above all, perhaps, does Mr. )Dalley carne for note of these thlings ? Are our own membnlers of Parliameont, Messrs. I-Humphery and Tarrant, quite indiflbiren-t ablout thle mintter ? If this question is to be answered in the allirmative in regard to these parties, I can only say, that they de serve to be calletd by the namne of " Watles,"s or any other tiore detestable one tlhat slangy people can invent, during the teorm of theit natural lives, and to tihe third and fourth generations. 1oto my own part, my intertest in the matter is of tine smallcest, ianid tmeroly abstract. I mtay perhalps, cuimbnr th.lt groundt of the colony for a few years loniger; ibut there is no danger that aiy son of iino shall ever lie brandted with the appellation of Walert, or New South Wellshman.i STEPHE'3N SLY, 