FICTION. I The House With Gait. I WAS living in two rooms not fair from the Edgewaro road when Silvani Todd met me at the Saville one evening and took me aside. "Look here WVilliams," lie began, "I en going to Egypt on this cholera conuission, ;ud I ,;hall be away for six months at least. If you lke to mnove into lily house while I am alwy, do so." ' Into your house in Grosvecnor- street .*" I Yes. Why not f" ho replied lightly. "II will leave cheques for the rent and taxes. Yolu will be doing le It kindness. Galt is a tidy nun, but I would prefer not to leave the hservants alonc in the house.' LI It as to rent .-" I said dubiously. Never mind about that. Or stav. In place of rout you can pay the bserv-ruta' board wagesa, or find their keep if you pleatse.'" " ])one with you," I crid iheartily. And ait week lcter I hurd moved into the house in Grosvenor-strcet, 199, and began to make the most of my rise i he world. It was a fair sized house. Onl tle right of the hall was tlhe diniig- rot, spacious and waiunscoated in oak, with muchi sombre fur nitiie and one large winldow which lookeld lupon tile street. BLclhii this was the con sulting-room. Tihe window here was over looked, but a window-gi.deu, well stocked with fersa, and above it t curious lace blind, secured the needful privacy. I had a dis taste, possibly odd, possibly- natura for this room, iabout which iin :itm?msalthere of painl anrd death sceemed to hang. ''e shrouded microscopes aid gruesome preparations re- i pelled Imo, I should not use that room, and after the first dlay or two I seldom llCnteed I it save to water tile ferls with ai syringe which ]ung beside the window. So much for the house. I had been in it about three weeks : the words "'Conm aind seeo me; I nlu living in Grosvtenor street now," wvere beginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, when, o0 oillng out one nlor lug, I foulnd a man stun(ing on the door-step. * Hed that mnotment rung tlhe bell. "Dr. Silvani Todd " lie asked, looking i from ate to ia paper lie held in hiiand. a " Are you Dr. Silvani Todd, sir ?" "No," I hastened to answer, fearing that I he was collecting rates or taxes. "I am not Dr. Todd. e i isin iEgypt-in the Soudaln; right up the country, in fact." "Any one living here besides Dr. Silvani 11 Todd F' he asked jerkily, poising a pencil f above his list. "Living here Well, I ai( living, but-" "Clhristia nemuse, surname and profe.sion," he put in briskly. " A card will ensiure ac curacy." And lie explained that lihe was a r canvanusser for a Court Guide. I had not a card in my pocket, but a vision of "Charles I Williams, Esq., 190 Grosvenor-street, W., and I Sussix Court, Temple, E.C.," inspiring i me, I went into the dinong-rootm to get one. My card case was lying on the bureau in the I farthest corner by the window, to reach 0 which I had to cross the room diagonally. ti As I turned with the card in iy Ihaud my eyes fell upon it mirror that formed the back ta of a sidOboard by the door. It faced tithe window; and from vwhere I stood was ait such F an angle that I could see the hull iand doer- w way reflected in it and nlot the door merely. ii I saw something else at which I paused it ft moment, the next went out hurriedly. The a canvasser was standing on the mat conning at his list. It "Your cardl, ir, Thian you," lie said. g !'The name shall be inserted, May I tuake i your order for a copy " G "No," I replied brusquely. "Is that all h you want hi' "All this morning, thank you," lhe replied, airily. HIe was not one bit atbaslhed by may w s iThlen good torning." I held the door cv PPen and only shut it when lie lutd turned tlcorner. at am shy mnu, anitd his cool- pc Hne ha s aggerd mte. But if I hd not at s:cn hha, w en many back was turned, as he at luopoksed, examining nUy letter-box-not the sit look of th door, or te bolts. or chain, but T] thm.ltter.box oft all things-I was It Dutch- atr _ oan. ThiL wits a little thin., biut because it wasi i It thilg I couldII nut utnderstaind it worried wi ihe. Wh Vlt could thne itti wanut with only letter-box? I begiun thougL I would iiot have confessed to tie feeling for the world, w to dislike the stillness anti gloom of the wu house. It was natural that such quarters th should seem quiet in comparison with my old let lodgings; but this tlone did not account for its uty uneasiness, which grew so umarked tlhat Ye the striking of a clock startled ie, and a nray of sunlight shooting athwart the tdimness of at] t.IhO rum made uo ju ll. No, I caught the ac infection from alt. . Ito its a tll, mooln- sai tfaced laan, ordlatrily ; thu model of a line and rule servant, sober and steady, Ind not rot too iatelli ot. But hu had a queer habit of? t oiag stealthily about the house, and though ~( Sdld not mind this much, I did object to T another trick ie had of gl"iac++g over his " ,houlder as ie waited at table, while hid face . I It "would put on at these times an unpleasant listening expression. More than once I came li :jun 'hin standing still in the hall listening. b in :f I went into the consulting-roomss to 1- water the ferns, he was sure to be at my ly' lu,, the next minute, listening again I dare ?yBut this was not all. One night osmething happened which gave mu ground for real uneasiness. I had gone to bed eaurly, but I .ould not sleep, and while I was lying awake I thought I heard a" cautious footstep on the a s tairs. At my door it ploaused-if it was i old footstlp-for I could only hear the creaking if as board at intervals ; then it seemed to go the lower. " All fancy," I said to myself and ere turned over. " All fancy :" But I was not luite satislied, and presently, with ta hard hd word for my folly, jumped up, and in my the pyjaimas, just sas I was, went out on the landint. I could hear nothing. I crept her softly flown the stairs in the dark. All was t ill. The ticking of the 8-day clock and the ,o- ccasional gra'ting of a window as the breeze ave rose or fell were thlt only sounds instiide the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached to tile foout of the stairs, and, satisfied now tlhat Lnt I had deceived myself, was turning to go back, when my movement brought the key yed hole of the consulting-room door under my Id's eye. A thin beamu of liglht shot fromn it into the darkness of the nhall. WVell, I hesitated; nd l perhaps while the clock above ticked as dozen times. I considered the position. Some one I ight have carelessly left a light blurning in nd tlhat room. Only, the room was not in use. And then what of the step on the stairs ? On Int she other hand there might be as burglar the inside. And then had I not bettbr summion the police? But suppose I did this, and lo ! s mere lighted candle ? That would be a hice lntuiliation indeed. I flung open the door and stood on my guard. 14 For a second or twvo i was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a .singh aundlo on the mantel-shelf. No one maoved in the room. No one was to be seen. I stepped cautiously in wtth a smile ou my face, and1 -and jumped, I daresay, a couple of feet aside. "Why, GaClt !" I cried thle n.ext minute, seeing that it really was the servant who, alone, and half-dressed was standing by the it. window. " What are you doing here ? What are you doing up at this time of night?" I cried imperatively. He did not answer. lie was trembling violently. I had given Ihim a great shock, that was clear. HIe passed one hand across his brow in a stupid way. In the other lie Shold the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped thle position. "I will tell you what it is !" I said, taking up the candle and holding it so that its light fell upon his dazed face and distended eyes. " I will tell you wlhat it is, my mant ! 'ou have been walking in your sleep !" He shaded his eyes with his hand and partly turned front me. "I amu afraid I have, sir," he muttered abjectly. IHe was still forced to steady himself by resting one hand on the table. 1 took the syringe from hiam. I suppose that this is not the first time you have done it i" I said, querulously. To have "a servant who walked in his sleep ! It wane .oo provoking. "No air," he answered, his teeth chatter ing with fright or the cold. " I used to do he it when I was a boy. But I thought that I at had grown out of it years ago." " I hope that you will grow out of it an now," I replied with severity. "There, get n, to bed. my man, and for goodness' sake, stay st. there if you can." am "Yes, sir," he said humbly. "I mae sorry that I disturbed yous, sir." I I made a sign to hi tol togo out first. As I followed I glanced round the room at tile I strange medley that covered table and mantle s. piece and overflowed ont to chairs and a brackets. On a shelf above tle fireplace was ao It amunsnuy's head with hotrrible glass eyes that seemed to be wisnking at sme; and in bottles below it were preparations wlich Todd In had been using to illustrate his physiological ad lectuxrs at Bartholotmcw's. "'Ugh !" I said, closing the door with a ad shudder. I soon fell asleep when I got back in to bed. lBut once at least I awok?e with a lo start, and sat up in the belief that some one was again moving about tile house. Next of lay I had at bad, nervous headache and was id as irritable as could be; so that when Galt r- as usual crept upon mte while I was watering asl the ferns, I lost patience with l.im and turned s- sharply. "Well ?" I exclainmed " Well " "r- I anie to see if you wanted ansything, ad sir." d, Wanted anything, indeed ! "'o, noth \- ing !" I retorted. "And I think, Galt, that as you would be fa'r more usefully iemployed, ui if instead of following me about the hoatme d you were to clean the windows. The one in the dining room is in a disgraceful state con Ll sidering that there aire three servants in the rd house tand only one tlltaster."' e0 "Very well, sit'," he answereod respectfully. t He was not at all put out. And I, who am it tshy in my dealings with servants, and yester- u 1 alay woulsd not have dreamed of so rebuking r him, felt a glow of pride in my morsal s -.;urage. " I will see to it, sir," lie added, " but Dr. Toudd usually allowed me to have a s st man to clean the outside." "TThen get a man. Do it in the usual i g way. That is all I want," I answered. He f i. assented again, adding something, however, i about the difficulty of finding a mian to help. t tI I had this in my mind five minutes laster, i t whenlt I mann accosted ate as I crossed Bond i Streeot on my way to chambers. "Will your honor give mue a job of work i he sailid. I looked at himt. He was not tear i ful as beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. "A job of work ?" I answered, glancing at stay slima umbrella and varnaished boots. " Do I look as if I had," lie anwered with s a ready wit. I laughed. " Can you clean windows '" sI asked. "Clean all your windows, sir, for a shill Sing," le rapped out. d "Then you would hsave a bad bargain,' I replied, thlinking with pride of miy five Sfloors and basentent. "Hero ! you nmay take this to 190 Grosnvenor-street." And I pon- is .illed ai few words on a oeard, requesting Galt r to let the bearer clean tale lower windows and n to pay hlim a shlilling when he 'hadd done. For soume reason, I do not retmember why, I a went honme from achmnbers early that after- : noon. I had scarcely taiken tie aIntchl-key Sfront the door before I learned thatt there was f a qua'rel goiing forward. Gait was standing i at the consulting-room door, his back to it as In front of lhit wits lty shalabby I'islmnn. G gesticulalting wildly and talk at the top of a' his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, n Galt cut him short. "You do not go into ii I this room," he said; " that is enough for T you !" a] "And why not, my honey r" the Iri?unan r,: was beginning. "Sure, and his honor was it saying that I was to clean the windows, in every blessed one of them !" " He said nothing of the kind," I inter- a posed sternly as I came forward. "I did in not say that you were to come into the house th at all. I said that you were to clean the out- tc side of the windows. How is this, Galt ?" Si Tile servant muttered somn.thing. His assist- hc ant gave me the cue by saying, "'Faith, oi your lonlor does not expect an elegant gentle- la Luan's genitlenman like him to soil his hands fe. with dirty windows '" pc " I oxpect him to do his work," I rejoined. '' A little miore exercise, and I think you tli would sleep- better at night, Gailt. It is ai wonder to me that you did not break any- I : thing in there last night. Now us you have of let this man clean the otherwindows, lihe may in; as well finish the job by doing this room. gh You can stay w;th hlim. Opei the door." But Galt dil not stir. lie looked at me sullenly. "])r. Todd is particular about admnitting strangers to this room, sir," he said, in a tone that matched his face. tin "And to the house, I have no doubt!" I hl' returned, throwing the door upon myself. fril " Stay !" 1 added, after glancing round. "Olo'o the inner window over the ferns. g'a That is better. Now he can do no daunage." I saw this arrangement carried out before loo I left them. Then I went to the front room thu t! to write a letter, but was presently roused by iit the repetition of a loud knock. Galt, I knew, ig. :ust be able to hear it as well as I could to myself. I. strode into the hall. "Do you oy not hear that olne one is at the door ?" I re said, etutlyv. Ite did not move. Instead he pointed ng :is:ttly to the window--eleaner, who was hard eat at work. "Nonsense !" I said go " to the I loor at once." Still Ia nvmoment's hesitation an md he went. The person at the door kept he aim sonm tinme. Afterward I needed coal in s the front room and a cup of tea. Iia soruples ng had orison rather late in the day, I thought go and I took a mischlievous pleasure in keeping id lin front his post. Buat what did it all mean ? lot What, indeed? I did not connect as yet, the i'd nan who had been so inquisitive about the ay letter-box with Galt. The latter's conduct he by itself was enough to puzzle me. His apt sleep-walking iand stealthy ways, his nervous isa ness and his strange obstinacy about the con le sulting-room gave scope for wild conjectures ze and certainly filled me with distrust of him, :te s well as it secret prejudice against the ad house. ilt At breakfast next morning I was more go struck than before with by the nervous manner y- in which he continually started and glanced ny behind him. "Vhat is it that you are to afraid of, Galt?" I said suddenly, thinking to d; take him by surprise. Then, its he did not :n answer, "is it burglars ?" I asked, the scene no with the Irishman in my mind. in "Burglars, sir.?" so. " Yes. Mind what you are doing with the )n kidneys !" I replied sharply. "I thought tar chat the burglary close by, in Bond street, oi at the jeweller's, might have frightened you. o ! Man alive ! there is nothing here to tempt that a gang." or " I hope not, sir," lie said, huskily. I put down may knife and fork andi louked at hle hit. " Really, Galt, I do not think that you , are well," I remarked in ita oro kindly tone. in ' We want ])r. Todd back already." ci He began to tell Ine that lihe had not been nil himself of late, when he stopped speaking •ct bud with it low exclamation staggered back from the table. The plate hlie was holding fell to, and was shattered oni the arm of my chair. to, The gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumied up lie in ii rage. "What on earth is the matter mat with you?" I cried, very much inclined to I take him and shake him. "I saw a-a face at the window," he ag gasped. His own face was white. His lips k, trembled 'so that he could scarcely frame his ass words. A. face it the window! I had been lie sitting at a round table close to the window, I and when I arose I had done so with my back ell to the light. Niw I turned swiftly around, le following the direction of his eyes. Looking ell past me they were fixed on a corner of the 'I window. But there was no face to be seen. ye Gilt was wiping his brow with his hand kerchref. nd " HIave you beent drinking ?" I asked. e, " No, sir." ill " Have you ever had deliriumi tremens P" nd "No, sir." There was no indignation in his answer. on "Umph ! I am surprised to hearit," I said. e " For shame, manu ! pluck up a spirit. Now is go down- stairs and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another >r- plate." When the plate had been brought I do resumed my breakfast. Really Galt was be I coming unbearable. Was lie going out of his mind? Or was it merely that something it had unstrung his nerves? A man must be at pretty far gone- farther, I thought, than ty could be comfortable for:lis neighbours-be fore lie conjured ulp faces in broad daylight ry and What was that ? I was out of my chair in I the fifth of a second, for with the tail of my lio eye, as I reached across the table for the salt, \- I had seen a face at imy elbow-a face gluedl id to the pane, and such a one ! A Iftco white, is bloodless, and with no forehead, a long upper as lip and flanked by hugo cars! A greedy face, in with dull eyes that glared in upon nme. I id was not frightened, but I wias startled. The ia face was unexpected uand it witas so horribly close to lae. It was no wonder that I sprang a up as I did. Yet the thing was hardly sccn uk --1 had barely turned imy full gpize upon it Sbefore it waits gone. " The impudent scoun ce drel!" Iluried when my first surprise was et over. " ' will soon put ai stop to that ! " is At l I r?m to the front door, and opening it it looked into the street. Near at .iand there Swas no one. In the distance two or Ithrec d brouglhams were waiting, ia butcher'scart was rattling off, half it dozen people were going this way or that. lBut no one wits by the window. Yet this did not greatly astonish t- ie. The houses inll rosvenor street have it projecting porticoes which would hide a fugi i, tive, thuulgh his puMrsuer were but ut few yards distant. My first impulse was to go up n the street, hatless as I was, and hunt hint out. \- But after ill, he had done no harim; and I a contented myself with vowing vengeance if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfiast. S Though I could still laugh at the serious way in which Gult had taken it, I did not. return to my old seat. I removed my plate so that I might face the window. And somehow the face haunted my memory dis tagreeably. If imy eyes fell upon a dark corner, it pale image of the fiat features and I fishy eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The I furnitmure, too, took queer forns where the firelight fell upon it, and this went so far I that I felt sensibly relieved when I was fairly outside the house. But that day Sbeing Ia busy one, by the evening I had for' ;otteon iny dolmestic concerns, and wllle Caroline took off the covers at tlimier, I asked where Galt wias. Galt was not very well, tand had gone to his room to lie down. i "I do not think that hlo has been well for i t some time," I remarked. I "No, sir," said Caroline, solemnly. And she shook her head, as if she could fully account for it. "What do you think is the matter ?" I was constrained to ask. " VWell, sir, we think it is the sitnell of the doctor's stuff." a " Oh, indeed," I inswered, much tickled. I " But you are not ill?" d " No, sir'. nut, yoea see, Galt,--ho is more i in the doctor's room. Ie hais been in there a good bit, littely, and hlie is not like the same b "That remninds Ilmie of somethiing," I tnswered. "I left my little silver match-box ti oni the corner of the tmbla iii that roon this i morning. WVill you fetch it for me before I ti forget it Caroline ?" 'Vhile she was about ti my errand, I, thinikiing over what she had said, began to seea a coinection betwecn tl Gulat's oddity or illness, or whatever it was, I uit tiOle cu lllstlg- rUIn. I saw a ceari con- it nection. Still, theru could not be anything a in what the servants said. Doctor's stuff! so That was absurd. And it was still more absurd to suppose, though I disliked the sl room myself, that there could be any malign tt influence about it. That was rubbish, indeed, yet- di A shrill scream and the violent closing of tl a door cut short my reasoning. I ran out at into the hall. The girl was leaning against ga the wall under -the lamp, her hands pressed ni to her side, her breath coming in gasps. te She was on the verge of fainting. Luckily G her cry had reached other eare, and the cookl an came flying front above, while on an upper at landing I, looking about for any cause of lo fear, caught a glimpse of Galt pale face qt peering down at us. /m " Goodness, Caroline I what is the matter now ?" cried the cook. sa "'Yes, girl, what is the matter now''" th I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these excursions and alarmrs, and wasfind- de ing it more and more hard not to start and wi glance behind nme a, Galt did. Ye "I saw-;a face," she sobbed, lie " At the window''" I asked eagerly. tot " No sir. Over--over the mantel-shelf." It "The nunnuny's head. Why, you see Wi that every day !" I cried. " There must have been something elke beside that to 3-h frighteu you." 'o "There-there was somotning else," she Ar gasped. mny "Lor' a mercy :" uxclahniel the cook, of - looking behind ter and then at nue to see hot that I was not leaving them. by "WVlht else ? What else? VWi tt else didi y,, yu o F'' I repeaterd: impatiently. Bel. old and it was provoking enough to notiae a saint 'on swear and return violently to his dinner I Carolino wmuld not say. No, though i asked her again and again, and in the main ted she was a stout, sensible girl. She had seen trd something else besido the head, and that the was all she would tell us. I concluded in the ion r.d that she was embroidering the matter. opt and that all she had seen was the mummy's in head upon which, perhaps, the light passing ?led through thile open door might have fallen gist with a new effect. ing I went back to my dinner ; but first I took in? the lamp and thoroughly searched the con the sulting-room. Of course I found nothing, the or nothing that should not have been there. uct The Imuunmy's face smirked upon me un lis changed, save that it looked a little more us- dirty. The preparations in their bottles on- below it were untouched, and in the midsrt of res them the board on which the Doctor pinned im, his cards of invitation stood as fashionably the untidy 's ever. It, too, would have been the better, where it was not hidden by " fix ore tures," for a little soap and water. There nor was nothing new in the room; nothing had ced been moved or altered. Yet I searched are under the table and in the curpboards. I to could not get the face I had seen at the lot window out of my mind. The very features eno of the parchment mask above me put on it grotesque likeness to it. But this, no doubt, was fancy, for by this tirme I was in a con the dition to inmagire anything upon the slightest lht provocation. tot, Anything? No, not quite anything. For on. surely that cr was not fancy, could not be lat fancy. That short, quick serroun which came shooting up the staircase late that night, and though it was dulled by my closed hat doors, pierced may ears, so that I dropped ou the extinguisher and snatched up tile candle lc. stick ! That was not fancy, though no sound followed. It was real, as real as the white, cen startled faco I saw peering into the looking ing glass a moment later. rck "Hang it all !" I muttered hastily, as I fell flung on a dressing- gown and made for the iir. door. "I cannot stanrd this. I shall be up seeing a ghost next. Is the house be ter witched?' I rmn down the stairs, listening to as I went. There was silence above and below. I reached the lowest flight and Ire halted abruptly. Front there I could see the ips hall, anid raising my candle above my hand iis peered downward. Ah ! what was it? Who con was it ? Step by step, while my glance Sw, darted fearfidly this way and that, but always ack returned to the prostrate fornm at the foot of ad, the consulting- room door, I came down until lag I could touch the body. Then I set the the candle on the stairs and stooped over it. i. Thank heaven, there was no blood! It was ad- Galt, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him over, recoiling an instant as a clasp-knife rolled from his hand. I picked it up and lie sighed. He had merely fainted, thenl and pushing the mat under his head, I rose to my feet, my first fears relieved. I looked round. The dining-room door was id. wide open, and that of the cnsulting-room owv was ajar. Without taking up the candle, oa with scarce a moment's thought, I flung the i hr latter open and stood on the threshold, looking t I in. I held my breath and shivered, I confess, se- for I saw what he hlad seen and what Croline of had seen; but overcoming the first nervous rg desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the be tiring in .the face until all fear was gone. iu Truly in the face-- or it was a faice I saw-a Ie- luminous death's head. Eyes, mouth and hit nostrils were black caverns in ai pale lambent mask. Grim onough it was. But taking in into account its position over the fireplace, a ny moment's reflection satisfied me that someone it, had tricked out the poor munmmy's head with td luminous paint, and then had writtenr below to, it on the fixture board, in letters rough but iii icr the rmain clear, "Thief !" cc, Thief ! I understood 'the word, tihe some I thing else which Carolino lhad seen, but not le who had written it, or why. Yet it clearly ly behoved me to find out this, and I looked ag about me for any clue. I fetched the candle cii and lighted others, and as I did so the knife t- in my hand caught nay eye. I opened it. lir- Possibly I had some foolish expectations of vas finding blood on the blade. Of course there 1 was nothing of the kind, but in the nick, and it also at tihe junction of the steel and haft. wre wore some fragments of a thing amnost at cc ofrange in that house-dry earth. eVo had as Ino gatcrden at 190, except tile window grrden ag it rmiy elbow ; and why should Galt have been ie digging in tile hralf-barrowful of earth which si it held, and digging, or about to dig there, at re midnight! i- WVhy, indeed ! I brougiht the candles close Iw to the window, and raising the inner sash, .rp which ,omretimnes was lowered between the t. room and tile ferns, I scanned the surface of I the five or six big stones lnd the scanty soil if which formed miniature hills and valleys andl k made rli our sole garden ground. S?rely, I was on the track, for on putting rsido some s fair-sized ferns I saw signs that the handfult i. ,f earth against the biggest stone had been to lately removed, rearranged and watered. id With the kinfe I dug out the dump mould. s- I was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny c eravern in or under the stone became visible. 1 I thrust in may hand, and feeling a handful of a hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. to How I started at the sight of themn ! How ir they flashed and glittered and fltng back ws with interest tihe pale rays of the candle! y They were diamonds-rich, rare diamonds fit to be beauty's purchase-smonoy. At the it first grasp I had taken themr all--a neeldace, I pendant, and bracelets. They were in their y settings, nuid I was still gazing at them. .dazzled and astounded by their splendour r and may discovery, when the sound of heavy breathing behind mo warned me to turn. d Our eyes met-Galt's and mine. y Thief !" I said. " Give them to me !" lie iuttered, dog I gedly, stretching out his hand. " Nothing of the kind," I answered, mar Svellingl hlow fear aind greed could have so changed the rsmooth servant's visage that I could scarcely recogniso in it the savage despair of the faice before me. I still held h is knife, arnd there was a momenrt vwhen I i felt glad I had it. Tile rman was a coward, but a cowanl inl a coruner is an awkward thirng. I hindt thie knife, however, and did niot iqunil. "Nothang of thie kind, you thief !" I thundered. ' I sllal be more likely to give you to the police munless you tell me this mioment thie truth, and alh the t truth "' " The police !" HIo srlranrik into hinimself irat the words. Every symptom of fight left him. He fell with a groan of des;,air into a chair und covered hii face at the very moment that a quiet but decisive knock at the house door sounded crisply through the hall. He removed his hands. His face turned a shade paler. "You will not go," he mut tered. " Mlost certainly I shall," I returned, and deaf to his prayers I left him, and passing i through the hall opened the door. A man fi stepped quickly in and removed his hat. I it gave luin one doubtful look, then I recog- n nised him. IHe was the man who had called p ten days before to canvass for the " Court a Guide." And now he began with much the b same question lie had put to ime then. "You 3 are IMr. Williams " lie said, with a steady oa look at me. "I am sorry to drop in at a Is queer hour, but business is business, and dI mine is unplCeasnt." "Perhaps you will explaini what it is," I n} said. But I had an uneasy presentiment of dt the truth. lh And surely enough lie answered, "I am a tr detective, Mr. Williams. I have been sa watching your house for the last ten days. lie You have the proceeds of at jewel robbery Li here, and it is imy duty to warn you "-he tl toik out at this point a thick note-book nat w a stumpy pencil-" thuat everything 0ou 11 sIy ? a will be given in evidence ugainst you. ' e "That I say !" I cried. "Agaiust nui ! su Mo ? You inar forgetting yourself, lian!" For, good heavens, this was too absurd ? ua And yet-and yet my right hand hidden in in, mny pocket was C'tsping the jewels--was full of stolen property! No wonder that I grew vii hot all over ! wl "Better take it easy, sir," be replied, the ig Scud of thie stump of pencil in his mouth, and his sly eyes on miy face. "I have not been it Iokig in at that window vynder a dozen times a day for nothing. I could see the I hall here shadowed in the looking-glass n when the room door wrs open; and when I ia saw that Jim's plant-Jim is my pal, who it did that bit of painting inside there, and e searched the room, too, hero liho was cloaning r. the window-when I saw you come down with a light and your man all of a heap g upon the floor, I thought it a good time to I drop in. And now," he concluded briskly, "if you will hand over the stones comfor h tably and quietly, why, it is likely that it will be better for both of you." A groan proceeding from the open door qf the con s. sulting-room proved that Gait was listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew nm e asunder. I met the detective's cunning s eyes, and clenched my fist. I felt the jewels if between my fingers, and turned sick with "I terror. "Is the servant in there ?" asked the man, i pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. II€. made a sign that I should go in first, iud ' I obeyed though the blood flew to my face, d and 1 felt as if the prison warder's hand, d pointing irresMstibly inexorably this way and I that already cast its shadow upon me. • Galt . still sat huddled up in his chair, and as I took `s my place beside him the detective eyed us it with a contempt he did not try to conceal. " A pretty pair you arc !" he said with a sneer, not as one who looked dowa upon moral it guilt, but rather as a man of the world in the presence of infantile folly. The idea of such ur as you trying "on this game! Well, to be e sure, and all. Why, it is enough to msnake a -e dog laugh ! " And laugh ho did. How I hated him for d his vulgar triumph ! "Look here," I said, d with a sensation of itching very poignant in my right foot. "You will behave yourself d properly while you are in my house, my man. This is all a confounded mistake. You know as well as I do that I am no thief." "You have got the plunder," lie said, be I coming grave again. 0 "Possibly." "And you or your accomplice have had it hidden away somewhere for the last fortnight. It will be for you and him to say how it was Scome by." d Galt looked up, the picture of wretched Sness. " I found it in the letter-box with the d letters one morning," he muttered. " The o robbery in Bond street was in the papers the e sane morning." -s The detective nodded sagely. " I thought sf so," hlie answered. "The burglars were sur ii prised and chased. One was taken a few ,' yards from here. We found nothing on him, C" but he owned up that he had dropped some of as the plunder through the letter-slit of a house a few doors from the place where we took a him. I thought it out, and spotted this it house. And now it will only be a question 1' of receiving goods, knowing them to have I boon stolen. I dare say that if the things are restored at once, and proper evidence given at s the trial-I dare say," lie added, his head on a one side, his eyes half shut-" that no charge a would be made." a " Here is the jewelry," I replied hastily. g " I only discovered its presence in the house Sa fcw mnoments ago. I am quite willing to e tell all that I know about the matter." s " And your servant ?' he answered, his Le eves opening wide as he snatched the jewels, which lie pocketed after a hasty scrutiny. a The beads of perspiration were standing on d Galt's brow. His hands were quivering it ias if the handcuffs were already on his wri'sts. g I felt for him. He had been an honest man a before the strange discovery of that mass of .0 brilliants in the letter-box had corrupted him. "I I am quite sure that he will tell the truth," ' I said. " I will answer for ' is appearance. Do you not think that you could manage matters ?" "I think I could," lie answered slowly. it "I thinilk I could square it, and do no wrong to any one--for a consideration, sir." Faugh ! Thoen these things were done c for a consideration. I hated the business Ef and I hated the man, but the sight of Galt's t wretchedness decided mse. I made a bargain p with the officer. IHe was to have £20 and to let it be inferred that Gait voluntarily came to him with the stolen property. " Wait for me in the Ball," 1 said, taking a candlo fromn the table. " I must fetch the msoney from m iy bod-roonl." I ran upstairs and took four £5 notes from my letter-case; I hurried down sagain. Gailt and the detective were standing together in the hall, looking at one another as ill coupled dogs look. I set my candle down. " Here is your money," I said "Now, be careful that you fulfil your part of the \- bargain.' Ie linput the notes in his pocket. "You will hear no more of it !" he said enmphatie ally, looking me full in the face with somc thing of cdntemptuous wonder in his eyes. " You may take your Davy of that ! And, us for you, my manc, make your mind easy." Gailt muttred his gratitude. I stood shifting my feet; and pondering uneasily whether I had done a foolish thing or a wise one, while the chief actor in the scene, so'tly opening the door, passed out into the street. I stopped Galt's effusive thankfulness. I was sick of the matter. "Go tobed," I said brusquely, " and do not feel too sure that lihe will keep his word." But our indignant visitor did keep it-per haps I should say has kept iftto the letter. We have not since that night heard of hinm 1 or of the jewels. As day after day passed and still no summons arrived in Grosvenor street, the truth began to dawn upon me. I mado cautious inquiries in Scotland Yard and learned tlhat the two men engaged in the Bond-shtreet robbery had been convicted at the Central Criminal Court, but that, al though they were taken almost in the act, the niissing diamonde were not upon them, and. had not been recovered. No clue, indeed, f to the hiding-place of the stones had been ob tained, tnd their disappearance had become a standing police mystery. "There are more of the gang about," said the inspector. " We have ore eyes upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing; and we cannot see how the men who were in it could have passed the I plunder to them." ii I can see very well how it was done, very L wvell, iand how any little expenses attending ' the process wcro paid; but I am shy and a nervous. I blush, it is true, as I pass a certain h goldsmith's shop in Bond-street, bnt I keep miy owu counsel. And so does Galt.-S-tanley C y:. TfVe'man, it, Time. 