ZVApJES'ïEOiïDON GOSSIP: London, Jan. 28. What a good life was that of Lord Iddes leigh. The Press is full of anecdotes of the much-loved . statesman. Breadth, breadth and strength scorns the just rendering of Lord Iddesleigh character. As a politician he was selfless. In Church matters he was moderate, though his sympathies were with the High Church party, or, I should say his principles were. In social matters he was the best representative possible of a fine spirited, high-toned, genial English squire, entering into the sports of the county of which of late he was Lord Lieutenant, and into the feelings and habits of those with whom he came into daily converse. Of course we shall have a biography of the genial statesman-the boredom of libraries is biography ; not but that a consecutive narrative of Lord Iddesleigh his work, his compeers, and himself will be welcomed, if only it does not extend to three ponderous, heavily-written times as witness the life of the greatly beloved and great Lord Shaftesbury. I think there ought to be a society for the suppression of common biographies. The life of Shelley, by Professor Dowden, stands out alone as a book of the keenest individuality, acumen, and interesting matter. Yes, there are biographies and biographies ; let only great men be memorialised suitably. ( On Wednesday night, the 19th Inst-, I made my bow to the Lady Mayoress, on the occasion of her fancy dress ball of juveniles, held in honour of her little daughter's birth- day. The great rooms were brilliantly lighted,, and very £0011 a s trail go and motley crowd of little ones filled every available space. There were clowns and '? bobbies," excellently carried out ; matadors, gorgeous in crimson velvet and cream satin, every detail perfect; a quaint little " He and She who looked as if they had escaped out of grandmama's bric- a-brac cabinet to tread a . minuet in the Civic Hall. The white peaks of the little " He," and the snowy wing of the tiny " She," with a patch on cheek and fan in hand, pink brocaded satin, and buckled shoes, made a delicious picture of fanciful realism. At eight o'clock a procession of Kings and Queens of English history was formed, and to the strains of stirring march the pageant wound round the suite of gilded chambers, and past admiring walls of friends and strangers. The central figure was the little daughter of the Lord Mayor, who, habited as Queen Elizabeth, walked alone, her trained held up by a little page. Her dress was white satin, with a stand-up collar, wig, and all the rest of the virgin Queen's well known ceremonial toilette. Each court as it filed past was attended by personages of its day-Shakespeare, with pointed beard, Roger Ascham beside Lady \- Jane Grey, my Lord Strafford in the wake of Charles I., Nell. Gwynne close to Old Rowley, bluff Harry the Eighth with his galaxy of spouses, Sir Thomas More, and * Cardinal Wolsey. " In every land I saw, wherever light illumines, Beauty and anguish, walking hand in hand The downward slope to Death." I saw with my mind's eye the roll of triumph story-bitter wrong, revenge, love, cruelty, winding in grotesque circumstance and puppet form through the representatives of the world's widest commerce and some few of its highest cult, to the strains of a modern band. In a little the train, scattered, to gather in the great ball-room, where, marshalled and directed by masters of the ceremony, all the little mummers footed it to the merry lan- cers. There were two master, brother and sister of fourteen and fifteen, a lovely she slip of fifteen in Greek costume, exquisitely carried out. a little Punch and Judy, a Jubilee lady of George LTD'S day flirting with Mephistopheles, the Fairy Queen whirling round with a cowled monk, and a not bashful nun setting to my Lord Rochester. I thought of a crazy quilt, and leaning against a steady pillar, wondered dreamily if all was the phantasmagoria of a wander- ing brain-if I should suddenly wake, to find the goodly company vanished, the maid with hot water at my door, and the cuckoo clock telling me it was eight of the clock. But the scene changed. A stage had been improvised, and Alice in Wonderland took the boards, and the Rabbit and its sylvan companions disported themselves in mimic jest and song. I wandered on, and came upon a Punch and Judy show, just in time for the final tragedy, and in time too to put the jolliest little Toby I ever saw. A few more steps brought me to a conjuror, but I hate tricks, so I turned my steps to the performing dogs, and then looking at my card for " Supper 10 o'clock, I found my partner and was soon satisfactorily engaged with pleasant galanti, Menu : Champagne, creams, jellies, and a jolly tuck- in altogether. I felt valiant then, and descend- ed from the grand supper room to the chamber below, and the Lady Mayoress to have a good start. Her civic ladyship is a mighty fine woman, clear cut features, and good presence-her husband, relatively speaking, is greatly less, but his chain of office impressed me " awfully," and I felt I was in the presence of a very great dignitary. The company were gorgeously apparelled, and if the men lacked the courtly presence and military bearing of august assemblages of other scenes, and the women the courage and able air of the 'upper suckles," still, my gen Jes, the show was a very fine show, and quantity made up for quality. The scramble in the cloak-room was simply dreadful. I never saw anything worse managed. There were plenty of attendants, but they did their work badly, . with no observance of order. I found my fur cloak at one end of the room, my .' Isabel Hood" in another lady's bundle, and lost my cloud-wrap entirely.' Lost your wrap," said a lady, near me, " someone else has got it then help yourself, you must have something !'" This is a fair specimen of the average morality of a crowded cloak-room. I had my ticket all safe, but it seemed to have no relation to roy wraps. I might have carried off most valuable furs, much better "clouds" than my own-in short, have comfortably replenished my winter wardrobe but I didn't. I daresay I was a great fool, but you see it is not always foolish to be a fool. The exits at the outside of the Civic Palace had a large covering for those waiting for their carriages, but there was a regular deluge-a clear, cold, light night, with rain in torrents, making mirrors of the streets, and shining ghosts of the white-mackintoshed coachmen and footmen. I felt sorry for the little mummers. Their doting parents brought them, out in bales. Very uneasy lay the little heads of many who wore crowns "fix" had done its wicked best to de- throne the juvenile monarchs. One or two fairies were half asleep as they were carried out under a big umbrella, and the robes of the Court James looked like their wearers, as if their day's work was over supper had been too much for many. I meant to have mentioned my disappointment in the display of diamonds. I saw nothing very telling in that line, nothing to compare with what I have seen in private houses. In America diamonds are at a social discount, the silver queens" wear them in profusion. Mrs. Mackay's emerald necklace, and her pearl one as well, are absolutely mad chess outside the mines of Golconda. She has also acquired the very finest set of matchless coral, literally encrusted with diamonds. The colour of the coral is the rarest shade of rose-pink. ? I hear that" Mr. Bruce Joy has received a commission to execute the statue of , Sir Matthew Wilson, Bart, for Bradford. The figure is to be in bronze and will be placed well to the front in Bradford. The "Balfour" memorial statue is also in the hands of the same artist, also to be executed in bronze. I promise myself a visit to Mr. Joy's studio soon. I was at an " At Home " in a bachelor barrister's rooms on Saturday, in his chambers in one of the old Inns off the Strand, and heard some excellent part singing, had some wonderful old port, and met very good ' company all round. But the rooms themselves were unique-a marvel of art collections of the rarest and most valuable description. Old cabinets, Italian and French, magnificent old Italian brocades lining the walls, thicker than leather, of exquisite de- sister and colouring-. tapestries, and rare embroideries from Persia, gold embroideries, aid c close res. Then the china, the bronzes the emeralds I have been many renowned collections of life objects, but for the size of space filled, none to valuable. The passion of collecting such articles w intense ; it becomes a fever which demands to be fed. We got up to the chambers by two flights of venerable wooden stairs, and this was our reward. Of cor 1 adb 15 costs A con bet' he had A seer sheva office BUT This drum mine 