PORTRAITS IN THE HOUSE. Br A YOUNG PARLIAMENTARY HAND. ME. BIGGrAB. (Freeman.) WHEN Mr. Parnell entered the House of Commons eleven years ago, the young man from Meath found the so-called Irish party in a somewhat limp and lamentable condition. Numerically, it was a fairly good party, but from a working point of view it was unstable as water, and certainly did not excel. Its majority was composed of veritable children of Reuben, weak-kneed, stumbling, unoertain, scarcely knowing their right hand from their left, and desperately anxious to combine patriotism with the good graces of the House of Commons. But in the very heart of all this feeble, fluctuant mass there was a little knot of men who meant business. This little knot of men had a course of their own ; thay walked their own wild road whether it led them like Carlyle's Mirabeau as they did not care in the least whether the House of Commons as a whole approved of their conduct or did not approve of it. They were a law unto themselves but they acted up to their own law with a zeal and a vigour which not a little amazed the House of Commons, and not a little disgusted their own timid colleagues. At the head of this little handfulof men was a man who had then been in Parliament for about a year, and who was known to the world as Joseph Gillis Biggar, and to his friends as Joe. Few men have been more persistently denounced, and few men have cared less for denunciation than Mr. Biggar. When he first began to get famous in the House of Commons he was made the mark for all manner of attacks, fair and unfair. There are fair attacks in political life ; a man who goes into the arena expects to bo assailed and to hold his own stoutly. But there are unfair attacks, too, and of those Mr. Biggar received more tban hi® due proportion. For years he was the object of all manner of coarse obloquy in the Press, and of all manner of offensive personal attack in the House of Commons. To all these onslaughts Mr. Biggar paid not the slightest heed.' " I don't care what they say," was his composed comment on the fiercest of his assailants, and. he went his way unmoved, doing the work he was appointed to do as composedly as if hewere an affable amateur gardener planting roses instead of the most conspicuous of modern politicians setting the whole senate by theears. Tran- quility and persistency have been the two key-notes of Mr. Biggar's purpose, the two secrets of his success. When he has made up his mind to anything he goes on with it to the end, and he never allows himBelf to get excited. During the wildest and stormiest scenes in the House of Commons during moments when men's blood flamed at fever heat, and when all the satanic passions of primitive man appeared to be waking up in the breasts of a Philistine Parliament, at such moments Mr. Biggar still remains as cool, as unruflied, as mildly speculative as ever. He was always the very man for. a forlorn hope. On the nights of great divisions Mr. Biggar is a fascinating study. He stands hard by the chair of the Sergeant-at- Arms and watches with keen, imperturbable eyes the slow marshalling of his forces as they pass steadily before him into the Ay or No lobby, as the case may be. There is a glow of triumph in his heart as he notes man after man of the sacred six-and-eighty go by him ; but the triumph is not wholly untempered with a tinge of pensive melancholy. As he cons over every faithful soldier of the old guard and the new, as he notes with satisfaction the goodly muster who now rally beneath the banner of Mr. Parnell, as he smiles to see them troop along in cordial unison with a staunch and practically unanimous Liberal Party, he may well feel the triumph that attends upon success after a well-fought fight. But, with the, natural instincts of an old soldier, Mr. Biggar regrets the fiercer hours; the more turbulent struggles:; the wild, adventurous days when he and but a little liandful held their own against Liberal and against Tory, and against men, too, who called themselves . Home Jtulers—and held their own well Gone are the days of orations four hours long; gone are the days when "Joseph Gillis Biggar, with a big Blub Book," <ae the Lord Mayor's lyric has it, struck affright into the soul of Mr. Speaker; } gone are the days wheg Mr. Biggkr, with perhaps only a man on either side to act with him, might, if he had ever condescended' < tO : quote poetry, have observeii that " When three meii stand togetherthe kingdoms areless by three." Be consoled, jbra^Biggar.JB ike old days of despe: still Homeric won.-« While dia' sare?over there arfe to be fought audi •lie Closure roles are put into force to stifle the voices of a Liberal opposition headed by the greatest statesman of his age, who shall say that the world has grown quite dull, or that the old weapons are blunted P It is too soon yet to turn your sword into a priming-hook, or to make your helmet into a hive for bees. There are some fights to be fought yet, which shall make even the memory of the frays of old pale and dwindle. Not very many indeed. The war is not yet over. The enemy still maintains a defiant front. The strife is at its thickest and its hottest, but it will not endure much longer. Make the most of it, gallant warrior, for the hour is swiftly approaching when there shall be no more need of fighting, and when you will be free to go in peace to make laws for your native country in a Parliament of her own. ' Make laws! No, we blunder. Surely your destiny is to preside over a National Senate, and, as the first Speaker of the restored Irish House of Commons, to apply for the benefit of your fellow-countrymen that vast store of knowledge of Parliamentary procedure which you have for the last fifteen years been so diligently acquiring. The sable garments and the flowing wig await you; but a little while and they will be yours. So in the little while make the most of the time still left to you, and drink delight of battle with your peers. What may be called the floating literature of Parliament is rich in the utterances, the aphorisms, and the epigrams of Mr. Biggar. Mr. Biggsr has a quick, caustic humour, and a neat turn for epigrammatic expression, which lend a peculiar charm and flavour of their own to the sayings which his friends delight to treasure up in their memory. Who that heard it was likely to forget his immortal description of a solemn old Member of Parliament of the dullest and driest school, who is now one of the dullest and driest of the Peers, as "just the thing for a night watchman with a salary rising to thirty shillings a week." The way in which he defines another distinguished statesman, now no more, as " an industrious man, but dishonest," had a terseness and decision about it which showed that its author made up his mind quickly. The favour with which Mr. Biggar regards what he has happily baptised as a "policy of adjournments " is well known to the world at large, and there is another great theory of political life which Mr. Biggar is always ready to inculcate into the studious mind of the would-be statesman. " My dear sir, never resign anything," as, it is said, the excellent counsel that r. Biggar gave to a friend who once, for some reason or other, talked of throwing up some appointment. -. Alas, that great men are not always found entirely faithful to their own aiioms. Mr. Biggar was once guilty of an act of resignation which has since been sincerely regretted by his admirers and, we make no doubt, by Mr. Biggar himself. It was a good many years ago, when Mr. Biggar was but a young member of Parliament, and when a movement was set on foot for the establishment of a new Liberal Club in London. The Reform was felt to be vaguely fossilising, and a new venture was resolved upon. All supporters of Liberal principles rallied round the new venture, and amongst the nnrijber was Mr. Biggar. But Mr. Biggar, in common with another man of very different opinions but of equally independent thought and character, Admiral Maxse, resigned his membership of the new body when it was announced that, as an act of homage to the great Whig family, of which Lord Hartington is the hope, the new club was to be called the Devonshire Club. It cannot be denied that Mr. Biggar's motive in resigning was admirable, but neither can it be denied that Mr. Biggar was a trifle impulsive in going against the theory which, has been attributed to him. Had Mr. Biggar remained a member of the Devonshire club the history of the world might have been sensibly altered. The presence of so vigorous a politician as Mr. Biggar in such a body must necessarily have had a tonic, bracing effect upon it. Very possibly we should have nad no Liberal Unionists now if so wholesome an influence as Mr. Biggar's had been at work among the somewhat inert and languid material of the Devonshire Club. • But it wasnot to be. Mr. Biggar yielded to an honourable impulse, 'arid though he could have easily managed' both the House of Commons and the Devonshire Club he preferred to devote his enerjjieB altogether to the; older and more important association. , L . The, historian of, the future will note with a curious interestthat the man who for 80 long a term of years, was the object of so muehvabuse. vituperation, ana nsult from tbe EnglUhPresi, was at the same time regarded' 'with, the warmest affeetton aril' the interest admiratioii bjr Mi f&fo;^uriSyiiiflri.- <Tbmm.>mm was very dear to his personal friends need not have counted for much, but it is surprising that even to the mind of the most rabid of journalists it must not sometimes have dimly flitted, like the pallid ghost of an idea, that a man who could make himself so beloved by the Irish people could not be quite the blundering, clumsy savage whom it was his delight to depict and to denounce. Another thing, too, which ought to have impressed him, and which will impress the future historian, is that Mr. Biggar was exceedingly popular, not with his oountrymen alone, but with the English democracy. The London Radical working man and the Radical working man of the big English manufacturing towns knew Mr. Biggar well,_ and liked his sturdy, democratic spirit, and his unflinching purpose, and his straightforward, simple speech and maimer. For long enough the English press, and especially the London preps, did not represent the English democracy at all. Often while it pretended to speak in its name, it knew nothing whatever of what the English democracy really thought, and so it often denounced in the name Of the democracy men whom the democracy thoroughly understood, appreciated, and sympathised with. Things are better now. The voice of English democracy is heard and well heard in some English organs, most notably and honourably in the Pall Mall Gazette. The Irish representatives are understood, the entente cordiale between Ireland and English Radicalism is complete, and Mr. Biggar, like the rest of his brothers-in-arms, receives at last due justice for the rare qualities which have made Ireland what slie is. Ireland herself can never be sufficiently grateful for the indomitable spirit, the untiring patience, and the unfailing courage with which Mr. Biggar served her cause. No man has worked harder, no man has struggled against greater odds, no man has more persistently defied disappointment and defeat and despair. It is hard for the men of to-day, members of a solid Irish party, members, in a sense, of a gigantic Radical party, to realise the nature of the fight which Mr. Biggar and Mr. Parnell had to fight in the dark hours of Parliamentary agitation a decade ago. But the memory of that struggle is green in the minds of the Irish people, and will remain green for generations after the hope for which those men struggled has become an abiding reality. Among the names which a regenerated Ireland must always delight to honour, a high place will be accorded to the name of one of the sincerest, the most strenuous, and the most single-minded men who ever gave his time and his thought to the service of his country. 