A GHOST IN COURT. A theatrical case was tried at the Water Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Marsh, S.M., in which Mr. D'Arcy Read's ''Ghost" might almost bo described us the prominent de- feudent, since its refusal " to walk " caused all the trouble which arose subsequently on Decem- ber 1 last. On that day the real defendant, one Francis S. Dyer, paid Mr. Read £100 on the understanding that he was to receive one-third of the gross receipts arising from the public appearance of the Gbost at the Old Masonic- hall, aud that he was to have aclaim upou the said Ghost until his outlay had been reimbursed, or until the termination of the spectral appear ances. Under this agreement when the enter prise showed signs of a collapse, to be more exact, at the witching hour of night on the llth ult., Mr. Dyer removed the Ghost with all its pliautom trappings to cheerful apartments at Miller's Point, where it was hoped the ap parition would be reinvigorated by the change of air and cheerful aca view. Mr. Read, who sincerely mourned the departed spirit, then brought the matter before the police. A search warrant was taken out and defen dant's premises, at 21 Windmill-street, Miller's Point, and those of the adjoining house in the occupation of a Hra. Brown, were searched, with the resnlt that;the property was recovered. Mr. C. T. Richards appeared for complainant Read, and Mr. Deighton for defendant Dyer. The very delicate point before the beucb was as to what part of the property belonged, iu the unnatural order of things, to the Ghost, and what to Mr. D'Arcy Read. By conseut of the parlies in evidence, the Ghost not object ing, tho property was divided tbos : — To Mr. Read : One framed certificate, one box of gaitar strings, one bat-case and contents, one leathern trunk, one cash-box, one portmauteau, two guitars, one book of press notices, one- white helmet and one swing-cot with beddiug and wearing apparel. To the Ghost (represented by Mr. Dyer) : Three ghost boards, oue piece of scenery, one scene roller, one black screen, oneacene and spare roller, seven gas hoods, oue bag of bills, one case, seven gaspipes with burners, two boxes containing sundries and stage dresses, and 40 pieces of wood. All the Sartiea were satisfied by this arrangemeut, as efendant at once admitted that the Ghost was not proficient in the guitar, whilst as there was but a single Ghost in dispute it was obvious that the "swinging cot" belonged, to some baby in no way related to the spirit. 