L O C A L A N D G E N U R i l . 9 P ostil.—The transfer from T. C. Hewnham to W. Booth for the eoRveyr ance of mails between Lower Jerusalem P ost Office and tbe trains from M arcb 22, 3887, to December 31, 1888, at £27, has been accepted. Sanitary Inspector. — The Local Board of Health, in committee, last night, appointed Mr Gecrge Smale temporary sanitary inspector for the citv. Medical.—ts&muel; Reynert Roldswortb, L ti.A , Loud, 1876, L.R.C.6 ,, L.U.C.P. and L.M., E d .; A H . Aberoombria Roome, M.B. and C.M., Ed., 1878; and Stanley M. Boome, M.R.C.S., R ., and L.R.C.P., 1886, have been registered ap legally qualified medical practitioaers. Main E oads B e0 Plationb. — Tbe general rules with reference to main roads, saneticned b f toe Governor-in* Council in pursuance of tbe Boads Act, 1884, will be found in the Gazette today. customs R etubnb. — Tbe detailed returns of tbe imports and exports for Hobart and Launceston for January, 1887, are published in toe Gazette to­ P ublic I nstitutions.—'The returns fo r tbe New Town Charitable Institute and for the Launceston Genera! Hospital ftre published in to-day's Gazette. L icenses Granted.— The following licenses have been granted : — Auctioneer's. Phillips, A. S iFormby. Carriers' : Johnston, W ., and Carmichael, J. C., Pollard, Webber C., Evandale; Curtain, D., Brighton; B aler, C., 8<lby; Cowan, B., George Tow n; Ford, G. H„ Ringarooma. Fanners’ : bherwio, W., H obart; Crawford Bros, and Button, T. L., Port 6 orelI; Atkinson, F .W , fieiby; Ballon, P., Green P onds; Atkinson, K., and Co., Leuneeston; Brown, W. J., Franklin; Latham, T. W ., Longford. Hawkers’ : Johnson, J., Ball, M. L , Roapple, E., E hau £abab and Nardin Bam, Launceston. Ingommels, B„Long. ford; H art, C.. James, J ., Findlay, B., Barak, M ., and O’flogan, P ., H o b a it; Newton, J., Spring Bay. Revenue R eturns.—The statement of the receipt! of tbe Consolidated Revenue Fund for the months of M arch, 1886 and 1887, will be found in this week's Gazette. Mining.—A new regulation in regard J© deep sinking will be found in to-day’s Gazette. Appointments. — The following ap' Hutments have been made:—Miss Annie Smales to be instructress iu Hastings vice Mrs JL Murphy, removed to Cleveland; Charles Eerslake to be bailiff of the Court of Bequests appointed to be held r in Wynyara, in succession to Henry ’} Cleveland; W. Boot':, postmaster in Lower Jerusalem, vice f. C. Newman, resigned; Alexander K irkland to he quartermaster to the Launceston Rifle ( sgiment with honorary rank of lieutenant. Young M en's Ch r is t ia n A ssociation. —The Literary Association in connection with this organisation m et last night and debated the subject of vegetarianism, Mr A. Weymouth occupied tbe chair. The question was taken up in the affirms- \ tire by M r W. Bugby, and be was an-* iwered by Mr J Longmore. The other speakers - were ’Messrs *■ — W . *“ Barnett and * McNaity in the affirmative, and Messrs A. Barnett, T. Patou, H . Vautin, and John Maofarlase is the negative. Upon the question being put in toe form, *' la the adoption of a vegelariin d iet more advantageous thin a mixed diet?** toe chairman declared tbe feeling of the ‘meeting to be in the negative. The debate was a very interesting and proved emuslot as well as ioitrnctive to to e numerous natters. __ yoUBo! duboJ U dies' J ournal.—Tha A pril of this serial has ju st -reioh^d usH It contains the opening chapters of a now tory, entitled," T hat Luoky G irl 1" toe onclusion o f 41 Had she Foiesen J” end he . centra nation of “ R obert Croyon's A gentV ’ all excellent stories. he colored triple plate ..h io M ■ - ' — fcwpnto - * four hermiog spring toilettes Ltes te for r ladies nd okiiaren, _____ , __ among onr win which will be found uite a display .. ______ watJ entelettes. The other colored rheet desig for a splasher in miniature; sized design being given on he back of the gigantic supplement im splasher is quite a picture of lamingoes and aquatic plants. The igantic supplement supplies above 40 legant fashion illustrations, and full slse attern of a taantelette. Paris fashion rticles, nastim ei, poetry, “ One Thing nd A nother/' cookery recipes, and corespondence are provided in plenty; in hort, the Youny Xjadies Journal, as a agazine for ladies and families, is unqualled. Apples.—M r R. V. Brooks, of Colerook, N ew Town, whose success as a orticulturist is well known here, with is usual courtesy forwarded to the prorietor of the JVewv a box of apples of ery fine growth- Some of the specimens re perfect beauties, and have a rich, uscious teste. The core and attention estowed by M r Brooks upon his orchard ave been amply repaid. H b did not Babohv fob it.—Situate t tho top of tbe Old Lime Kiln reierre, ear the Boys' Home in Lansdowne rescent fr OP immense excavation, nown to residents ip the locality as Baker’s Pond." For years, this pond, hich is about 100yds long by seme SO.'t n breadth flag served for a receptacle or all tbp rubbish pf the neighbor, pod, nd many is the unfortunate osaine and eline whose dying wail has been heap! as the bright light of day was shut for ever fyoin their eight, as they sunk beneath its placid aupfftce. Owjng to ;U constant acquaintance with these domestic nimals the water presents a kaleidoscope jumble of tints, and is something ........... , tj about f to* r — ! a of -* fair y grassy pea oup. roip time immemorial „ Baker's .. . Pond has been utilised sa a gort • of ' training school ter hundreds (we may say thousands) of boys, whose with it was to take up aquatic pursuits. Years ago when its watprg were not contaminated w ith foreign matter as a t present, many of tbe youngsters were in the habit of stripping off and taking a pro liminsry stretch up and down it. Miniature boat sailing was, however, tb e popnlar amusement, especially when the wfod wap from tbe north-west, Many dead apd gone, fn ^ y &Qw; KTQWn Up to manhood, will recollect that their first school in nautical knowledge was Baker’s Pond, and many is the smart little schooner and cutter that has flew along its surface close reefed end tbe tacks cown. Juveniles still patronise the pond for these purposes, although not so much as in fopmer years. Yesterday the wind was blowing from the M-W" whipH was sufficiently favorable for a knot of youngsters to try tbeir boats, which were scudding over the waters of the pond in every direction. One youngster who was getting rather venturesome was perched on a boulder which was standing up a few fept from the shore, end as be mede a desperate snatch a t nil little cutter which web flying past, a sudden gust caused him to topp'e over, and -the waters closed over him. "Whether his thoughts were about his parents and the native fields was not staled to us, sordid we ascertain that all the phantasies, and images of deceased animals tbat flit about in tbe depths of the pond had any effect on him. W e do know, Uowev< y, that like &sheeted; ghost he came to the surfeoe, and was promptly hauled to land by one of his comrades. I t would be impossible to gueBB at tbe number of typhoid germs in th at young man's clothes when they are properly dried. There was pp more sailing on that day for that particular bnnoh of juvpnilgi. 