( from Our Exchanges.) Brisbane, July 21. Hon W. Miloa is recovering his 1 .i, hut is unable to talco hia seat, fairest for a few woeks. The Hon. ii ttiiitoi), Minister for Lands, is at ft5natotheWo.ka Department. _ n ljaimolliainz, ouo of tho piouoor . nf BriBbnne, is iload, from tho iVftors Ui ? i... ? ? i S Iq of ft 8^*'® VMiiumji Tho Government intend to call for ton , 1 n(or 73 passenger and goods looomo ' t0 made in tho o oluny, boiug tho uiromontB for fivo years, iu three aaolions ILmitv-live each. I' T M'Hwraith's health iB generally b'ut to is sufforing in conaoquenoa of 8 mill tendon in his log being strained. Mr Keane, lately appoiutod mining ist'rnr at Maytowu, is to bo Olork of fjj SoBsious also. Rockhamfton , July 19. , nia(Ch between tho Bundaborg foot . « and a second eighteen of Rook hunptun, was played to-day, and resulted 'favor of the latter team by 17 points to Clermont, July 20. Tho warden lias ordered all Ohinoso 4' ,o dear oil' tho now gold field before 1 1 Auaust. Tho Chinamen nro already 'Line with force. Seveial aro getting , ..ru mirt lifeline to leave, and the vudeu is pmtnlod whether to get additional Ilico aasistanee or swear in _ special ranBtubhs. Grottt troublu 18 anticipated ijth tho ChinuBC, as even if tboy aro shifted -a] bo difficult to keep them off tho field. J) Sydney, July 19. A letter has heen received from tho ecretarv of tho lriah National League by Mr F B. Freohill, proaiduut of the Now South'Walos branch of tho leaguo, grate fnllv acknowledging tho receipt of a tecently sent cheque for £1,000. 'Ihu tatter speaks hopefully of lush ullairs. A private cable received states that Bishop Pearson, of Newcastle, baa arrived la England, and that tho medical exports rlio liavo beon consulted are hopeful of his ultimate recovery. The human bottea found by the police nrar Penrith, wlnlo soarchiug for the re ? 1 . -. .1. A.I. llt.iA a. /I n ft fl ported ghost, go w .m.* - has beou committed. The guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but not hiving tho proper tools he then tried cremation. The hole started for the grave mis fouud near the remains, and olose to the spot wbero the vision was reported as having been seon. Mr. John M'Phillamy, a wealthy resident of tho Bathurst district, dlud yesterday. His propoity is estimated to bo worth £230,000. Thomas Finney, lho young man ohargea wth shooting his father at Bedferu about a fo'tnight ago, was committed for trial to bsy\ 'lie Premier has received a letter from General Schuw, who is ataying at Limo ito o Island, Wangario, tho late residence o itr George Grey, that ho will arrive in Sy ney towards tho ond of the mouth. Geioral Schaw will then undertake the wtk which tho Government by telegram co imissionod him lo do— namely, tho in spfction of the fortitications, aud the whole of fur system of harbour defences. July 20. - lie river Murrumbidgoo is in heavy Hold at Hay, wnore an mo lotv-rying ianos arifloodsd, tho water extending for miles Wile in placos. The liver is now 23 feet libra cummer level, and lising fast. This is ho highest flood in that district sinoe 181. , is understood that tho Government wi take no further action in regard to tho pi tions fur the releaso of tho prisoners nt t undergoing imprisonment for tho Munt Ronnie outrage until tho return of 11 Justice Windoyer from England. July 21. 'ollowinu on tho ronorts of tho rabbit pit having been discovered iu tho eastern si urbs, comes a similar report from tl western part of the environs of b Iney. About Druitt Town and Banks ti n the rabbits uro so thick that though tl people havo not been troubled with tl m quito so much during tho luBt month j 0 iwo, as vegetation is so plentiful, yet t tr gardens Biid farms have suffered gatly from tho marauders, it boiug no v :ommon thing to find all their young j nts utterly ruined. Oook'a Bivor dis t it also euems to bo infested with rabbits, a the ground in sowo parts is fairly 1 died will holes, though perhaps many i thorn are untenanted. Che business of the Commercial Bank f tho half-year shows u piclit of £80,058, ? 1 a dividond of 25 per cunt has boon i rlared. Melbourne, July 19. In tho Legislative Council to-day, it tvai reod to ask tho Assembly to agree to tin pointmont of a Select Committee to cod lor the codiiioatiou of the laws of Vi Tim annual report of the Victorian Rnf g Club shows a debit balanco of £14,9* uring the year £13,543 19s. wus Bpuutf iprovoments to tho course. / July 2j Michael Hoban, tho drover who fB idly injured by tho oxpross train jM onalla, which rushod into a mob of in' o was taking over tho levol crossing'! tiled several of l hem, cutting off ihojtt(! f Hoban'a horse and nearly loban himself, has recovered a veru j2,975 from the Railway CummissP18' Julr At a meeting of tho Chamber of Auu' actures n resolution to voto £25 rf''ds ho Imperial Institute was nojved. Mr. L. L. Smith gave notico of hjP len' tion to move that ft labonr bui-eui' es' tablished in tlie oily, and that thofruvu' mont bo asked lo take tho matter /hand at once. I The Minister for Lands has d»d not to accedo to Mrs Gordon BuilliulPPl'oa' tion for a bli.okof land in Oor|I''a,i until ho has oithor personally txil'ed 'he locality or got one of his ofllcorsF1®!'0 a thorough iuspcotion of it. / Adelaide, |y 21. Scarcely a dissentiont voice P raised against tho third reading of tlFayinu,lt of Members! Bill in the AFb'y on Tuesday. / Tho Government intend, rfiS b0110 last year, to ask Parliament j 1° 8raat gny annual inorensea in tho cj aetvanta. 