TM.E STORY OF A MsIG ROB- t .. BERY. ".-The police authorities of Mel bourne, after a long and search- 1 ing investigation, have - traced some of the nine £100-notes stolen on Saturday, the 14 M:ay, from Mr. William Sykes, a far mer; at or near Colonial Bank Elizabeth-street. On that day Mr.Sykes, having :gold throcgh the hands of Messrs. Campbell, t'ratt, and Co., his farm at Dan denong, received a cheque for £990 arid another for £10. T'hese cheques he cashed shortly before noon at the Colonial bank He received nine £100-notes, thiree £10 and the balance in £5-notes, which he placed in. his pocket book. Intending to visit the old country, he had al ready purchased a -saloon ticket to London by the steamship Stuart, which was announced to sail the following Tuesday, and the ticket was put in the same ireceptacle with the money, On leaving the bank, Mr. Sykes went straight to- the" General Post-Office, where- he was great ly alarmed at discovering he had lost his pocket book and its val uable contents. He hastily re= traced his steps to the bank in in hope of finding there the mis siag property; but the hope was delusive. Failing to obtain any information at the bank he has. toned to the detective office, where he explained his serious loss. He said that. he remember ed-whilst at the -bank a stranger standing at his elbow, who also appeared to be busy cotr 'ing notes, and who might possibly have abstracted his pocket book without his being aware of the theft. Inquiries were made in every direction, and information sent to the neighbouring colonies .but.nothing was heard of the missing money until the arrival of the last mail from India, when there came to the Union Bank from Bombay four £100 notes of the Colonial Bank lelbourne wlich. had .been paid into the. local branclr of that institution. The detective police being com i munioated with, sent a message bbycablo' tQoBombay, to ascertain L" if possible by whom the notes 1-were paid in. The reply receiv ed informed the authorities that the.notes woie purchased in the i ordinary way of busine!: by the " Bombay branch of the bank,but s the seller was not now to be i found in the city. The Chief SCo mmissioier-.was informed that \- Asix Europeans: had. .arrived in r Bombay on thoe 8th June, from e Melboiirne, iii'tlie teamer Dec can:. Three of_ _thie·passengers? named Johnb and Frederick Wil liams and Ed- Bowers, negotiat: ed immediately after their arri.v al five £100-notes and two £10 notes of Australian banks. These three men and another went to China four days after their .ar riving at Bombay. Another passenger left the same day for England. The sixth could not be traced by the Bombay police. It was on the 4th instant that the Uuion Bank in this city re ceived from the Chartered Bank of India four £100 :notes--O.791 0.825, 0.885, 0.896- which are supposed to be indentical. with those stolen from Mr Sykes but as that gentleman unfortun-, ately had no record of :the notes he lost he cannot positively -in dentify them. It may be a re markable coincidenoe only, but some suspicion is attracted to a curious advertisement which ap peared in the Age on the 4th of July, the day the notes alluded to came back from India. The mysterious advertisement was as follows: - "Nine hundred and fifty-one seems blown over; caution without anxiety; greatly wished to see you ; dent' adver tise handwriting, better print." Further information, however,is promised, and some fresh effort will be made to discover this person, who is supposed to have sailed from Melbourne on the' Stuart on the 17th of May, with the stolen notes in his possession There were 18 saloon passengers for Bombay by that steamer' One of them at least was regard-' ed with some suspicion by the officials who boarded the vessel, but he was allowed to leave, there being no proof of anything wrong against him. It. seems certain that Mr. Sykes was rob bed of his pocket book, and that the thief got safely off. with his plunder in the same steamer as that by which his victim intend ed sailing. Mr. Sykes was, no doubt, closely watched to the bank, after he had left Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co's., of fices, where he was known to have received a large cheque for the sale of his property,.-I"i advertised a reward of? £200 for' the restitution of the book: and its contents, and received a cer tain vague: information which he hoped would lead to his Jul timate:recovery of the money.. Age. A deputation from the Anti-; Bounty. Society tintend asking the Government.: to allow dis= cussion on the sugar bountiesin the House of Commoris. The Victorian' Minister .":'of Defence and the N'aval Com mandant of that colony are at tending a trial of the Birennan . I torpedo at Sheerness. Tha French Government have t decided to officially recognise the Melbourne :Exhibition but will- withhold :monetary assist-: \- anco. The Irish Land Bill is meetý. ing with opposition from many members who supported %the L Crimes Bill. A new Bulgarian Mi?mstry Shas been formed, with a member r of the late Cabinet at its head. Colonial and American bish ,ops are to be invited to the Pan Anglican conference in London \- next summer. r A cablegram has beenreceived from Sir Saul Samuel confirming ; the statement that the postal r authorities in France resist the reduction of transit charges on 3 mails on account of a conveution w1 ith the railway companies, but 1 that they will again'consider the question. The colonial wool:saleds' closed 1 in London on Thursday., In all up to Wednesday, 3.30,000 bales have been 'sold during the pres ent series, , while 30,000 bales 3 were-held over.. r: r.Ed. Pulsford, secretary of. the F?reetrade_ Association shows that, co6mpared with 1886 our. imports from January to' 1 July :1887, have fallen by S2,)449,609. The Treasurer has givon no tice to a large number.of men on the extra staff of Customs Do i partment that their services will t not be required after the end- df 3 September, the, collection of the f advalorom duties ceasing at that time. ' . The Grafton Council intend applying to the Government for. a specil grant of £1000;.to find rwor? for:the uneuiployerd of the !istrit oni,theo roads. The Garelooh Sugar Planita tion,-Herbert River, Queensland was offered at public auction but as only £20,000 was bid 'the property' was withdrawn. Heavy aain is reported over the districts between Rockhamp-' ton and Brisbane. Fears are entertained of disastrous floods and the safety of the railway,. earthworks is imperilled. Mr. William Whyte, tide' surveyor at Newcastle,. seized: 400 cigars, 6 boxes of tobacco and 14th of opium on ii:bdard the •steamer ,Chafigsha on- Thursday "afteroi. '' . . The case against Tliothis Fin 'ney for shooting his :;father was to hav?e been heard, at thlie Red fern Court on Thursday, but the father .refused to appear. - warrant for his arrest was imssu ed. While seaiching :'for the out ward and visible signs of a re ported ghost, the polioeat Tud denham, near Penrith,. cabme across a quantity of partially= burnt human bones. . There are at present 94'houses inhSydney which coritain private bars, 26 of which are supposed by the inspector-general of plice to be kept by women of a ques tionable character. A cablegram has been dis patched to- Lord Salisbury by the Grand Master of the Orange Institution of New South Wales inforining him of the 12th July.. meeting expressing sympathy with 'his' Irish 'proposals. It is probable that the Licens: ing Act will be amended in order to cope with the growing "evil of private bars kept' -by-: questionable characters: A swagsman, name unknown],; was cut to pieces on the'railway line at Essendon: (Vie.) by being. run over by a train. Mr. Andrew K]err, to0wn sur veyor of Warrnambool (Vie.)for about .20 . ;years;,:committed sui cide on Thursday:. -by taking strychnine. The steamtug -Pharos was sunk-in.. the JYarra, :..Melbourne on-Tliu~iif'laving:been-stulu-c full on.the port ,quarter by the ,steamer. Franklin. Navigation 'in mid channel is seriously im- peded. . 3Mr..W. Horder, of the firm of Atkin and Horder,, Singloton .dropped dead while at-work in his mill on Thursday. ; It .is expected ,that, the' new ;Patents.Bill •which comes. -into, force on August 1. will, largely increase business at the Patents office. . In the Victorian A~sombly the Postmaster- General stated, on the authority of. Mr. Doakin, that if .the colonies wer;e ,nited they might bb able -to obtain a Ireduotion of 50 per cent. in the Eiuropean cable-:ates.. . . Lord' Carrington accompanied by M-r. ,"Wal?iigton, Colonel Wardrop, and Colonel St. Quini tin, left Sydney 6on Thursday night for Adelaide on visit to ,tho Exhibition. A complaint. regarding to the water in use at thb Eskibank Spublioc school, has been found as equally baseless as the one made Sat Burwood. The Payment of Members Bill was road a second time on Thursday in the. South Austra lian Parliament without a divi The South Australian Gov errnment do ih6tti.ntend:: appoint Ing officers of- the .t·ailway .De parutment on the proposed railway board. Dr. H. G. A.:" Wright, the victim of-::'the -recent criminal conspiracy, has .. been presented by Sir: :Alfred, ,Roberts with' a purse of- sovereigns and address of sympathy on behtilf of the modioal :profession. 'Victoria; and, South Australia are :the only dolonies: whichh li~e actually assented to the proposal for a -federal: quarantitii station. Definite replies are to be asked from the other colonics. A ball is to be: given, at* the South: Australian Government House oni Jaly 25 in honour of Lord Carrington's visit . S.The' charge against the :Rev. Chas. " Prico for libelling . the Nuns Presentation. ::Conveut Lauice tn ((Tas.), has :beeni withdrawn, on his disclaimiing any intention of reflecting on the Convent in question. 1 The Watorloo Cup mneeting of the Victbrian Coursing Club w aiWi completed on Friday, Mrr. P. A. Lamb ii Livitigatone, a New South Wales dog, carrying off the cup honors. Master Willie won the. P-urse and Sweetbread the Plate. = Sir George Innes, has. decided inot to grant bail to Henry Bors broom now awaiting trial for the alleged murder of his wife. . S:Atia meeting of the City Bank yesterday (Tuesday) a dividend of'2 : per cent. was declared and £50,000 carried forward to the credit of the next- half `year. \-- Atca meeting of the Sydney wine and spirit trade held on .Friday, to-disdiu? the new Cas '.tonms regulations is to the dis tillation process, and the collet tion of increased duties, it was decided to abide by the - new, departure.: Work has been fdoin'd -dring; the last fortnight for upwards of 400 unemployed- men by the Casiuil LaborBoard. .i-:Tl?e-: creditors of- Mr. John Sands have unanimously decided tob accept 5/ in the £ cash with in one week and the balance at intervals of three months, mak .-ing in-all the 20s-in full. Turkey is, seeking the advice -of the- Eurbpoa-rPowers in re ference to the election of Prince Ferdinand of Saxe- Cobarg -to the Bulgarian Throne. The next "series of colonial wool sales opeins iin Ludon on. Sepitember 8. The , higher.. officials of the Railway Department aro of opinion that a -thorough :sifting wodtildshow littlobor no- diverg. ence 'between the evidence gi evn at the'DepartmentallBoard and ?coroner's couir inquiry into the. Peat's Ferry iaccident. ,The :;elbIorie police ";are collecting evidence .with a view of -prosecuting those :concerned in the recent disgraceful wrest ling match between Cannon and -Dunhle, in which the former almost strangled his opponent. \- The whole bof the .Australian. colonieshave assented to the sug gestion made by the Austialian Natives' -Association, that Jan. -uii ry86,ithe dato the first settle' ment be proclaimed as a nation" al holiday. .-.Compared ,-with the -previous season, the -deliveries of the Foochow first crop of teas for the season are 2,000;000t1b short. Up to .date 1-3,000, 0001b.; have been shipped?: to Australian ports, ." ?Asolicitor aiid attorney named Walter W?r. Neale, of Co- ventry England, was on:Friday-arrested at the Oriental Hotel, Melbourne on chargei"ofhaving comnimitted forgeries and eimbezzleinents in. England .to the, _ amount of £30,000. Beach is .having his boat fitted withi a now and ingenious. slide-made by-,Mr.Thos. Spencer. and said by authorities to be the most perfect yet invented. Captain Poole, of the whaling 'barque John and Winthrop, reports that Mount Tinaknla,in' the New Hebrides has become an active volcano. Mr. John 1'Mahon son of Alderman M'Mahon of Sydney, was drowned in the Jembaicura bene Creek, near Braidwood, while duck shooting last Friday. A Wesleyan commissieon con sisting of the Rev. W. R. G. Stephenson(President of Confe r' ence), Rev. G. Brown and Mr. P. P. Fletcher, has been diP patched from Sydney to enquire. into the affairs of- that church in Tonga. - 