CHAI-TEK XXIX.-THE TIIUIH. The island stood plain in the powerful lens of the glass. Tlie tremble of the surf at the base was visible, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of a mirage by the surf's suggestion of clear space betwixt the shore and the sea. It was still blue in the blue atmosphere, with a fabrine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-western point of land with the eastern curve, nude its resemblance to a camel standing to -its belly in the water, with its head under, as startling in its queer accuracy as a face in the lire or some wild likeness in a cloud. The moment Fortescue had it full, a swimming and a faintnees chilled his brain ; he shut his eyes, but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure an overwhelming emotion of awe and dread and wonder pos sessed him. There was the island of his vision. What agency but the hand of God had painted in its complete colors upon the eye of his slumbering soul that little space of land yonder that bad been as un known to him as any valley, grove, or mountain-top in the brightest of the planets. It was like being brought close to the spirit of God to behold that manifes tation of His holy guiding ; to survey in its realisation the gleaming visionary object he had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderness, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high supernaturalism in it for the mind of Fortescue to support in his then state of health. But there was Agatha to think of ! The motive, the isBue of the voyage became an absorb ing thought, removing him from the perils of the great awe which the pro founder sense of this act of Divine dis closure would have begotten in him. Was she on the island ? Would she be living or dead? "Dear God!" he cried in his heart, and his eyeB turned blind against the glass as his soul came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and the stunsail3 were taken in. A gaze as searching and intent as ever shipwrecked manners levelled from rock or rigging at the sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island ; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of any one being alive there. No smoke rose to ttie wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. In the glorious morning sunshine veering northerly, each small eminence threw its black-blue shadow south-west; off the surfaces of cocoanut trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating irridescence of oil on water, as the breeze trembled in the foilage, and the setting of the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of bush, of long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral sand, was accentuated in a manner that from the distance of the schooner gave the picture a gem-like emerald love liness by the heapiDg of the <yhite sucf along the windward length of it, a foiling of breakers that .had the dazzle of a uiu33 of drifted snuw. Now that the island was made one saw $he relief in iiiram ai?4 Stone. The cor rectness of the captain's navigation on the one aide, the vindication of the mite's solemn statement on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors thdt no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair^ " We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of U3, Bill," Hiram said ;4'and that one or t'other of U3 is out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seein' aa there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to it from the other side of the airth. But consider-only consider -if we'd ha' passed it out o' sight from yon masthead ! We might ha' found it by cruisin' about-and we mightn't-and if we hadn't you'd lia' been thought a liar, and I'd been thought hin capable of truly navigatin' a craft ; there'd ha' been rows arter rows, and a reg'lar bloomin' muddle, whilst at to liLti " and he nodded towards Fortescue with an extravagant shrug of the shoul ders. But if the feeling of relief and gratifi cation was lively and lasting it was soon subordinated for the time to an intense, perfectly natural curiosity as to whether the clergyman's extraordinary dream was to be completely confirmed by the disco very of the lady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage into a piece of wild, worth less, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within the scope of the eyes fixed upon it, the ere ir as sembled in the bows and "standing by" 'for orders, whispered among themselves. The cheer they had given was not one they would have repeated in their present mood. It was true the island lay Bolid and surf-beaten, an actual fact that the most nervously imaginative eye could not convert into a fantasy; but it was something that had been seen thousands of miles off in a vision, and therefore to be viewed with awe and superstitious creeping, as old Breeches implied, when, giving his trousers a drag up and spitting over the side, he said, " There's nothing in it that's onnatural. I've seen the likes of such isleyands scores of times ; but I don't mind ownin' that I wouldn't take the walue of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye was to tell me I'd see a ghost I'd go; if ye was to tell me the devil was in hidin' there I'd (jo. There's nothing as I could feel cock sure on as 'ud stop me. But when there's no one to say what a mm might see or what might happen to him, swallow my eyeballs, Mickey, if a chap's to be called afeard for keeping to wind ward of the moonshine in sitch a quarter." Of course the cook took the same view; and through the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, superstitious, but hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing (To be Continued.J 