FICTION. \--.0: Fron» RpftlUtt, Aiurrlean, «nil Other I*»rl*dle»la* THE ÜYSTEEY, CHAPTER XXII. BABETTE SEES A GHOST. Kate was not the only person startled by the opy that rang so uncannily through tho house. Others than herself were wakeful that night, and she was hardly in the hall, saeking the cause of tho scream than her father, Grace, and Rose were issuing hastily from their rooms. " It must have been Babette," said Rose. A moan coming from the head of the great stair- case, drew them all quickly that way, there to find Rose' maid lying in a half swoon. .""What is it?" questioned Kate, bending kindly over the girl. ?" Master Harry's ghost. Oh mo» Diet«.'" she answered in a low frigthened gasp. " "What does she say ?" demanded the captain, i " Hush, child !" whispered Kate, sternly. " She fancies she has seen the ghost of Wild Harry," i she explained turning to the expectant listeners. ." Oh !" shivered Rose, "has it come back again? It hasn't been seen for so long. It must mean eomo misfortune." "You foolish child," exclaimed the captain, Angrily. " No wonder the servants believe such stories when you set them the example. How comee Babette here at such an hour?" " Oh ! oh!" moaned Babette. ".Never mind how, papa," said Kate, anxiously, "she'sevidently frightened. I'll tako her to my1 room so that she will not spread the silly story among the other servants. Leave her with me. Come, Babette." " She can sleep in my room," said Rose quickly. "Jïo," answered, Kate, in such a decisive tone that any one but Rose would have been silenced at once ; " I sha'l take her with me." But Rose was not accustomed to taking any but her own will for guidance, and quickly retorted : " Indeed you will not, Imagine me taking your Eunice. Como with me Babette." It struck even the captain as somewhat of an injustice that Kate should so arbitrarily dispose of Rose'« maid, but he had such unbounded confidence in his eldest daughter that he would have ended the controversy by ordering Rose to submit had not Grace quietly made it unnecessary by saying to Rose, in a low tone : " I wish you would sleep with me, Rose I feel a little timid." " What1" pried the captain, in a tone of pained surprise, " you Grace ! Do you credit the girl's absurd story ?" Had the hall light not been so dim, he would hardly have failed to notice that a faint smile of amusement flitted over Grace's face while to Kate's face there flashed an «xpression of haughty chagrin. His daughter was quick to roalise that his quiet housekeeper had discovered that she had a secret reason for wishing te take Babette with her. In her unreasonable dislike for Grace, she refused to feel grateful for her aid ; and in her anger at being forced to aocept it, secretly acoused her of the meanest of motives. Moreover, there was some- thing in her father's tone, as he spoke to Grace, that gave offence to her proud spirit, Pride of race was stronger than personal pride,, however ; and for the sake of the -socret she was hiding in her breast she hit her lip, and in cold silence she sair ¡Rose persuaded away hy Grace. "Come Babette,'" she said again, helping tho ebivering girl to rise. " Can it be possible/' the captain said, half to himself, " that Graee, so .sensible usually, ie guilty of- 3uch weakness ?" ?" Whether she is or not," replied Kate, coldly, "ernnot matter to us." The captain looked at his daughter, flushed, bit hisjlip, and then turned away, and bade her good- night. Kate, in a most perturbed state of mind, led Babette to her roou>, and first making an effort tu socthe her, asked : " What was it frightened you, my poor girl ?" " Oh, please don't be angry with me, Miss Dela ploine. Indeed, I did see his ghest-as plain as I see you now." Babeóte shivered and stared nervously about her -so evidently a prey to terror, that Knte felt sorry for her, and would have refrained from questioning her, but icv the undefined, singular »suspicion that had flashed into her mind at Babette'* first exola ! motion in Hie hall. " I'll not be angry, Babette," she «aid, kindly, .and don't be.alarmed. No harm can come ,to you. '.Tell me how it happened." " I can't ; I can't. I only know I was going to tey own room from Miss Rose's, and just .at the head of .the stairs, there, I met it." ""Did you say,nothing-do nothing?" " Yes, ma'am." She hid her face in her hands, anditrembled. "¿E cried out, ' Master Harry 3' and he gave an awful groan, and fire and brimstone ' carne.out of his eyas. Then he disappeared, and I screamed." Kate grew pallid, and pressed her lips hard tqgethec The girl might be the victim of her im- agination, but she might not be. " Had yen boen asleep ?" " Yes, ma'am, but I was wide awake then. I'll «over forget the awful .look it gave me. Some- body's going Ao die." " Nonsense fjsaid Kate,xeverely, "you were not hair awake. I ,wwit you t» promise me you will not cpeak of thistto the other servants." "1,98, ma'am," -said Babebie, faintly, but I'd never dare go around the house again alone " " You're frightened oow. YoiU will feel differ- ently in the morning. Undress yourself and lie down on the lounge in my bedroom. You will feel better to be in company with somebody." "Thank you," the girl eaid, gratefully, and, undressing herself, was soon asleep in spite of her fright. Kate sat in her dressing-room until she was sure (the girl was asleep, and then, softly closing and locking the door of the sleeping room, went quietly out into the hall. She was bant on another visit to to? secret chambers pith the object of satisfying the strange suspicion that had been aroused in her mind. Cautiously but confidently Bho stole through the quiet house, and going to the secret panel placed hor finger on the button which opened it. For a moment she hesitated, dieading to have cither her first fears or her latter suspicions confirmed. But hesitation was foreign to her strong nature, and iortifying herself for whatever might be revealed to her she presBed the button. The next moment a flood of bright light streamed through the open panel, and the sound of merry voices fell upon her startled ear. Shocked and bewildarcd she stood silent and motionless gazing into the brilliantly lighted chamber, the occupant» of which remained all unconscious of her presence. With a mingling of relief and indignation she saw her brother Harry and his wife, supposed by her to have so tragically died, sitting at the table, eating and talking as joyously as if neither had any reason for care. Harry's back was toward her, but Agnes sat with her face turned in her direction. She did not notice Kate, however, for the panel moved so noise- lessly as to attract no attention, and the indignant listener had ample opportunity to ßtudy the sur- roundings and hear the words of the strangely re- united couple. Even as she listened she observed that the almost savage disorder in which she h ad first seen the room had given place to an orderly and home- like arrangement, such as only a woman's deft and loving hands could have given it. It was Kate's intention to wait until she had gained control of her roused feelings, and then con- front-and upbraid her brother and his wife for what she felt was heartlessness in leaving them in sus- pense ; but as she listened and watched, it seemed to 'her that while Harry's gayoty was quite natural, that of Agnes seemed carriod along on an under- current of gentle sadness. What struck Kate most forcibly, however, was «the fact that the conversation was such as any 'husband and wife of congenial tastes might carry on under any ordinary circumstances. There was mot a hint in anything that was said to remotely indicate that anything unusual had lately or ever happened to them. Harry was telling, in a gay, witty, unconstrained manner, about some wild prank of his boyhood, and so infectious was his merry laugh as he pleasantly told the story, that Kate almost laughed aloud in sympathy. As she checked the inclination, it flashed through her mind that she was witnessing but a part of a seriouB drama of real life, and she instinctively felt .that her part in it was not that of a stern, rebuking monitor, but of a loving, helpful sister. Another glance at Agnes, and reading her sweet face by the new light in her heart, confirmed her in a suddenly formed resolution. As silently as she had opened the panel she closed it. She retraced her steps to her own room, and laid her head upon her pillow, a puzzled, thought ul w.omau. (To be continued.J I 