To Call Her Mine. | By Waiter Besant.J Author of ' All Sorts and Conditions of Men,' *' The Revolt of Man.' ' Dorothy Forster,' ?' Children of Gibeon,' %e. Chapter XX.— THE THIRD DREAM. The wedding bells rang out as merrily for Mary as if she was giving her hand to an earl instead of a ruined farmer; as joyfully as if the whole of her life was planned for ease and laziness instead of hard work ; as happily as if Fortune had poured into her lap all that the earth can give or the heart can desire. Tho bells rang out over tho whole great parish, from Foxworthy to Hey Tor — from Riddy Rock to Hamil Down. They were echoed along the black precipice of Lustleigh Cleeve and were lost in tho woods of Latchcll. They could be heard among the gray stones of Grimspound and on tho open barrow of King Tor. They drowned the roaring of Becky Fall, though the stream was full. They rolled like mimic thunder from side to side of Becky Combe. They beat into the ears of the lonely old man who sat in his parlour at Grat nor, his papers before hun, trying to persuade himself that he was happy at last, for he had what tho Psalmist prayed for — who can have more? — his heart's desire. He had longed ardently for the lands of Sidcote ; he had longed in vain, until a fall in land made that become possible which before was impossible. Ho had that land now within his grasp ; the place in a few weeks or months would be his ; and not only that, but five-sixths of Mary's fortune as well. He ought to have been a happy man. Naturally, he was by this time deaf to the voice of con science, which had now been silent for many years. But when conscience ceases to upbraid, she stabs, wounds, flogs, and chastises with any weapon which comes handy. And to-day she turned the ringing of the wedding bells into a flail with which Bhe belaboured the soul of Daniel Leighan, so that he could find no rest or peace while they lasted, or after. He had robbed the girl who had served him faith fully and affectionately — his sister's child — of her portion. He bad taken her husband's lands; he was driving her away to a far country, and he would be left alone. Ho had the desire of his heart, but he would be left alone. This was almost as much as if Alexander Selkirk had been informed by pigeon-post that he was raised to the Peerage under the title of the Right Honourable the Viscount Juan Fernandez, and that he was condemned to remain for life upon this desert island, there to enjoy alone his title and his coronet. Mary had left him for three weeks only. Already he had found the difference between hired service and the service of love. It is a difference which shows itself in a thousand little things ; but they all mean one thing — that the former at best does what it is paid to do, while the latter does all that it can think of to please, to comfort, and to alleviate. Every day, and all day long, he turned to Mary for everything, and never found her wanting. Now nothing was right, not even the position of his chair and table, or the arrangement of his cushions, or the comfort of his meals ; and nothing would ever be right again. Perhaps it would have been better if he had given his consent, and suffered George to redeem his hud, and so kept Maty. 'Uncle'— it was David who came in slowly, and sat down with deliberation — ' the wedding is over. I have just come from the church. There was a rare show of people— most as many as on a Sunday morning.' ' Are they married ?') ' Yes, they are married. I wouldn't moke quite sure till I saw it with my own eyes. Married without your consent, aren't they?' ' Certainly; they have married without my consent.' ' Then, Uncle Daniel, since they are married without your consent, I'll trouble you for six thousand pounds — my aunt's legacy of six thousand pounds— with com pound interest for six years at five per cent. It amounts to seven thousand six hundred and fifty-seven pounds thirteen shillings and ninepence. I have been to a lawyer at Newton Abbot, and he calculated it for me. You lent me, two days ago, a thousand pounds, which I take on account of the legacy, because you knew then that the banns were up and the wedding fixed. The balance vou will pay over at once ; otherwise my lawyer will bring an action against you. Hallo! uncle, what's the matter?' ' You took a thousand down, David, in full discharge. It was an arrangement. I owe you nothing.' ' CJncle, you are a man of business, I believe. What arrangement do you mean ?' 'You told George, in this room, that there was such an arrangement. You set him against me with telling him that, David.' ' Where is the arrangement ? Where are your papers ?' ' David ! David !' He fell back in his chair. He had fainted. David went to the sideboard and got the brandy. When his uncle recovered he gave him a few drops. ' You are simpler than. I thought, uncle,' he said. 'Did, you really believe that I was going to give up this fortune, and to you — to you, of all men in the world — when I knew all along that they would marry without your consent?' ' David, you are a devil !' ' I am what you made me. As for the devil, he has more to do with you than with me, I take it.' 'David! David!' he moaned, and wrung his hands, ' tell me you are joking.' 'Not I! See now, uncle; I am going away. I shall sell you the rest of your coupons, and I shall go away ; but before I go I will have that money out of you, to the last farthing. It is not for myself, though ; it is for Mary. Sou thought to cheat her out of her fortune and to keep it to yourself; well, you are wrong. You shall pay far more to me than you would have paid to her, and she shall have it all.' ' You are killing me— oh, villain ! villain !' ' The villain is the man who lays his plans to rob and plunder the helpless.' 'Kill me at once!' said the old man; 'kill me, and have done with me!' 'Kill you? Not I. Killing would be too foolish with such a chance as I've got now for revenge! As for villain — who robbed me of my land? You! When 1 went away, who refused me the small sum I wanted to start me in Canada ? You ! When I came home, who offered me the wages of a labourer ? You ! Villain? You dare to call any man a villain !' David bent over the old man's chair with naming eyes and purple cheeks, his hands held back lest he should be tempted to kill him. There was the same fury in his look as when, six years before, he stood before him with upraised cudgel on the moor. If the Baron had seen David at that moment he would have ceased to ask how so slow a creature could have been spurred into the blind rage of murder. 'You dare to call any man a villain? As you drove me away — your nephew — so jou have driven, your niece away. As you took my land from me, so you have taken George's land from him. Villain ! Well, I am a villain. I have lived with rogues and thieves, and savages till I am no longer fit company for a decent man like George, or for an honest man like Harry the blacksmith. But 1 will go away es soon as 1 have got the last farthing that can. be got out of you ; 1 shall go away — I don't know where— and spend it, I don't know how. As for killing you, man, I've had die heart to do it a dozen times Bince I came home. Every day when I walk among my fields I could kill you. But Fve had enough of murder. Not twice— not twice!' His eyes were wild and bis face distorted with on governed rage ; but still he kept his hands back, us if he dared not suffer them to approach his uncle. And when he had said all he had to say — for this was not all, only the rest was incoherent with spluttorings and oaths— he rushed from tho room, as if he could not bear even to be in his uncle's company. And then the old man was left alone again. The wed ding bells were silent, and conscience left him alone to his own reflections. I do not think that he acknowledged even to himself that he was rightly punished for a long life of avarice and greed. Whatever happened, he might bemoan his sad fate, but he would not acknowledge that it was ihe natural consequence of his iniquities. So, in the good old days, when the retired admiral sat in his room, lis foot wrapped in flannel, with a red-hot needle stuck into his great toe and refusing to come out, his jolly old nose swollen as big as a bottle, and beautifully painted with red blossoms, he never said to himself, ' Admiral, this red-hot needle, this gout, this swollen nose, all these aches and pains and tortures and inconveniences which will shortlv put an end to you, are the result of the hogsheads, barrels, puncheons, and tuns of rum, brandy, and port which you have imbibed in the course of your earthly pilgrimage.' Not at all. He only cursed the gout, and lamented his own sad fate. When tho new housekeeper brought in Ihe dinner he did not dare, as he would have done in Mary's iinie, tn lay upon her the burden of his own misery and Iriitovness. She was a fine large woman, who knew what was due io herself, and Mr. Leighan had to treat her with respect. It is a truly dreadful thing not to have a single soul upon wham you may discharge your ill-temper, vent your spleen, and make a sharer in your own miseries. Never again would this poor old man, now tried beyond his power, be able to command a sympathetic listener ; never again would anyone pretend to care whether he was in a good temper or not. ' Now, sir,' said his housekeeper, ' sit up and eat your dinner,' It is thus Jthat they address the paupers. Alary, he remembered daily, |had been wont to carve for him, to ask him what he would take, and where he liked it cut. Now he was told to sit up and eat his dinner. He noticed these little things more than usual, because when a man has received a heavy blow his mind, for 6ome mysterious reason, begins to notice the smallest trifles. I suppose it is bpcause he loses all sense of proportion as regards other things. Once I read how a murderiT was arrested in some lodging where he had taken refuge. On his way out of the house with the officer who had him in charge he slopped to call his attention to a curious shell upon the mantelshelf. In the same way Mr. Leighan in his trouble of mind noticed the serving of his dinner. He obeyed, however, and ate his dinner, which, was half cold. Then he mixed himself a much stronger glass of brandy-and-water than usual, because ho was so full of trouble, and filled his pipe. And presently, partly be cause his mind was so troubled, partly from habit, and partly by reason of the strong brandy-and-water, he fell asleep as usual. There was no wedding breakfast at Sidcote, or any fes tivities at all— not even a wedding cake. George drove his bride and his mother home after the service, and pre sently they had dinner together, and George kissed his wife, and his mother cried, so that there was little outward phow of rejoicing. Yet they all three rejoiced in their hearts, and felt stronger and more hopeful, just because they could now stand together. In the afternoon, Mary asked George to go out with her. 'I must go and seeiay uncle,' she said. 'I cannot bear to think of him alone. Let us ask him to keep his money, but let us part friends.' They walked hand-in-hand across the stubble field?, and through the lanes, where the blackberry leaves woro putting on their autumn tints of red and gold, and the berries of the hedge were all ripe and red- the purple honeysuckle, the pink yewberry, the blackberry, rowan, hip and haw— to Gratnor. '. Strange, George, that we should go away and never see the dear old place again !' said Mary, with a sigh. *' Let us go as soon as we can, so as to leave it before the trees are stripped, and while the sun still lies warm upon the hills.' In the parlour, Mr. Leighan was still sleeping, though itwas past nis waking time. Mary touched George by the hand, and they sat down behind him in the window and waited. They waited for a quarter of an hour. \- Then thev heard a step outside. ' It is fiavid,' George whispered. ' He will rouse his uncle. Is he come already to ask for his fortune, I wonder?' Just then Mr. Leighan awoke, perhaps disturbed by David's heavy step ; and he awoke just as he had done twice before — namelv, suddenly and with a startled shriek of terror. Just as he had done twice before, he sat up in his chair, with horror and fright in his eyes, glaring wildly about the room. Mary, accustomed to witness this nightmare, looked to see the terror change into bewilderment. J But it did not. For a while his mind was full of his dream. While he yet remembered the place, the time, and the man, and before the vision bad time to fade and disappear, the very man himself of whom he had dreamed stood before him at the open door. Then he no longer forgot; his dream became a memory ; he was riding across Heytree Down in the evening, and he was met by his nephew with a cudgel, and the nephew cried out, ' Who robbed me of my land ?' and struck him across the temples so that he 'Murderer! Robber !' he cried. '« Help ! help ! I am murdered and robbed !' And then, lo ! a miracle. For the paralytic, whojhad had no power in his legs for six long years, sprang to his feet and stood with outstretched arms, crying for help to seize the murderer. And David stood before him with such a look of hatred and revenge as he wore on that night, and in his trembling right hand the cudgel ready to uplift and to strike. It was over in a moment, for the old man fell helpless and senseless upon the floor, though David did not strike. The skull-cap was knocked off by the fall, and exposed the angry red scar of the old wound. Ho lay upon his back, his anus extended in the fashion of a cross, as he had fallen upon Heytree Down, and as he lay there, so ho lay here — wiih parted lips, streaming hair, and eyes wide open, which saw nothing though they gazed reproachfully upon his murderer. Then for a space no one spoke; but David bent over his uncle, breath ing hard, and George and Mary looked on wondering and awe-stricken. ' A second time, David?' David f started and turned. It was the hand of his German protector, Baron Sorgius Von Holsten, and the tall figure of the Baron stood in the door, accompanied bv himself.^ But on this occasion I counted for nothing. ?? A second time, David ?' ~ David gasped,[but made no reply. ' You came home, David,' said the Baron, ' to give yourself in charge for murdering and robbing your ancle. You struck him over tho head with your cudgel, 60 thut he fell dead at your feet. You robbed him of a box of papers and a bag of money. The thought of the' crime gave you no rest by day, and at night the ghost of your uncle came to your bedside and ordered you to go home and give yourself up. You come home. Your uncle was not dead. Have you confessed tho crime?' David made no reply. ' Have you restored the papers?' Again he made no reply. ' This is your uncle. Ho looks as if you had killed him a second time. Madame,' he addressed 'Mary, 'lam sorry to speak of such things in the presence of a lady, but I have in my pocket the confession of David Leig han.' 'He was not killed, after all,' said David. 'What ? matters the confession ?' 'But he was robbed. Where are the papers?' ,' Here they are— all that are left' I observed that he had a big book of some kind under his arm ; he laid this on the table. ' There are his papers. Now. what's the odds of a confession or two r' 'Is this man's presence desired by his uncle?' the Baron asked. _ ' No !' said Maryl He comes every morning and drives him nearly mad. He has some power over him— I know not what. He has made my uncle's life miserable for three months.' '? My duty seems plain,' said Ike Baron. ' I shall go to the nearest poliee station and deposit this confession. They will, I suppose, arrest you, David. You cannot, I fear, l-o hunged, but you will be shut u,- in prison for a very long lime. The wise man, David, flies from dangers against which he can no lonper struggle. The door is open.' He 6tood aside. 'Fly, David! let fear add wings. The police will be upon you this night if you are still in this village ! Fly, David !* oven if it is once more fo face the phost of your murdcrei uncle! Better a hundred ghosts than ten years of penal servitude. Fly, David— fly!' There remained little more to be told. David has not since been heard of; and the question whether Mary's fortune was forfeited by her marriage has not been raised. Nor can it be raised now ; for Mr. Lei^han remained senseless for three days — the same period as that which followed the assault upon him. And when ho camp lo his right mind, behold! it was another mind. He thinks Jhat the whole parish of Challicombe belongs to him — all the farms and cottages, and even the church and the rectory. He is pprfecfly happy in this belief, and is constantly planning improvements and good works of all kinds. He exists only to do good. He lives with George and Mary, and enjovs not only good health, but also an excellent temper. He always lias a bag ofjmoney fin Ihe table, the handling and music of which give him the most exquisite pleasure ; and in the drawing up of imagin aiy mortgages, signing vast cheques, and watching his imaginary property prow more and more, he passes a happy and contented old age. His affairs are managed by George, and Maiy is his heiress. So that for the present generation, at leai-t, there will be no more talk of going to Tasmania. THE KNU. 