OUR ENGLISH HYMNS. fFrom the Sunday tit Some.] Many of our best hymns are a record of p*r Bocal experience ; and what was in the first in stance entirely individual has become through its own intrinsic fitness the chosen utterance of the many. In most cases of this kind there was probably little or no thought of the multitude, as the einger poured forth the fulness of hia own soul ; and a higher stamp of truth often be longs to what was so written than to that which was consciously, and from the first, intended for the congregation. The life of individuals, as of the church, is thus reflected in our hymns ; and it is pleasaut as we turn to the familiar pages to recall the in cidents and emotions mirrored there. Thus it is well- known that Dr. Watts was led to his meditation on 'the land of pure delight' while gazing on the broad reach of the South ampton river in full tide, with the lovely g l&3ea of the New Forest beyond, where Sweet f elds beyond the swelling flood Stand drest in living green : and that Charles Wesley, on the promontory of the Land's End, was moved to his solemn heart-searching thought of the narrow neck of land between two eternities. It is less known perhaps that Watte, when slighted by the maiden on whom he had set his affections, found some consolation in inditing the verses — How vain are all things here below, How false and jet hop? fair ! Familiar too is the pathetic story of Cowper's strangely frustrated attempt at suicide which led to the composition of his finest hymn— 'God moves in a mysterious way,' penned in 'the twilight of departing reason.' Public events, again, often suggested topics for song, especially to the Wesleys. Thus the earth quake of Lisbon was commemorated in the majestic hymn — 'Stand the omnipotent decree !' and tne troubles connected with the movements of the Pretender, in the midst of which the followers of Wesley were harassed with charges of disloyalty and were much per secuted, led to the verse in the hymn, ' Y«' servants of God, your Master proclaim,' which has been omitted from the hymn books of happier times— The waves of the sea have lift up their voice, Sore troubled that we in Jesus rejoice ; The floods they are roaring, but Jesus is here ; While tre are adoring, He always is near. Biography, then, and history, alike are in our hymns. An illustrated hymn book of the church — illustrated by the events without and the emotions within that inspired the several ' strains, would be filled with wondrous stories that can never now be told on earth ; the life of the individual in its vicissitudes, the life of the church in its toils, its sorrows and its triumphs, having inspired many a strain, which for want of the interpreting facts we can but partially understand. This collective experience of the church, even more strikingly than any individual history, is rtflocted in its hymnology. A well known compilation is entitled 'The Hymnal Companion to the Book of Common Prayer.' A ' Hymnal Companion to the History of the Church,' if it could be adequately given, would be a record, unique and priceless, of the church's inner life from generation to genera tion ; its growth in knowledge and in grace, its struggles and defeats, its trials and failures, with that expansion of its purposes and hopes that has pre-eminently marked these latter days. To attempt such a task would be beyonds ns ; we can only note bow first th ?; spirit of praise found direct and simple utterance in song. For a time in the ancient church, the Hallelujah, the Trisagion or Thrice Holy ! from Isaiah, with the two Doxologies— the Gloria Patri and the Gloria in Excelsis in their simplest forms, and the New -Testamen hymns of Mary, Zacharias, and Simeon, wer * the chief additions made to the Psalter for th ? church's service of song. To these were added by Clement of Alexandria about the end of the Becond century the great invocation to Christ, a fragment of which appears ic oar hymn book?, in Dr. Dexter's translation— Shepherd of tender youth. Guiding in love and truth, Xhrough devious ways, and an evening hymn of unknown authorship, beginning ' glad light of holy glory, to which Basil of Csesarea (d. 379) refers as 'an ancient composition.' These are the earliest Greek Christian hymns; a multitude of writers followed — notably Gregory of Nazianzus and Synesius of Ptolemais, with the more modern writers, whom the late Dr. J. M. Neale has made familiar to us in his free and beautiful render ings. Ephraem the Syrian in the fourth, cen tnry wasaleo renowned as a writer of hymns, one of which evidently supplied the ground work of Ken's Evening Hymn. We quote part of it from a translation by the late Rev. Dr. Burgess : — Grant, Lord, that if I keep my vigils, I may stand in purity before Tbee ; And if, O my Saviour, I slumber, Let my sleep be free my sin. If in my watching I commit iniquity, O Lord, by Thy grace forgive me : If I sin when sleeping, Let Thy kindness be my expiation. And through the cross of Thy humiliation, Afiord me refreshing slumber ; And deliver me from disturbing dreams. And from profane imaginations ; And in sleep full of peace. Let all the night conduct me ; ? Let not evil beings have dominion over me, Nor thoughts full of iniquity. In the Western Church, also, in the fourth century, Hilary of Poitiers and Ambrose of Milan (reputed author of the 'TeDeum') con tributed many noble hymns to the service of the churches, followed in the next century by the Spanish Prudentius, and in the next again by Gregory the Great and Venantius Fortu natus. To Prudentius we owe the hymns, as translated by Dr. Neale and Mr. Caswall respectively, ' Of the Father's love begotten,' and ' Earth has many a noble city;' while, as noticed in a former paper, the ' Veni Creator Spiritus' is probably due to Gregory. The name of Venantius is connected chiefly with his fine hymn 'Yexilla Regis prodeunt' — 'The royal banners forward go.' Up to this tune the hymns of the church had fox the must patt been vigorous and simple ex pressions of Christian faith, ascriptions to the Trinity, and praise to Jesus Christ as Re deemer, mingled with prayers for grace, purity, and peace; The sentiment, and often the very language, of these hymns occur in our own devotions oftener than we know ; and there is not a good hymn-book of modem time that might not be largely annotated with illustra tions and parallels from the early and militant era of the church. Another age was to succeed, fertile also in bymnody, for the most part originated in the monastic .cell, often characterised by sacramentarianism and passionate mysticism. But it is to this mediaeval period that we owe some of our grandest and sweetest Christian lyrics. It may suffice to mention ' Hallelujah, song of swtetneEB ' ('Alleluia, dulce carmen'), a fresh version of which appears in almost every hymn book, also the two bymnB of Bernard of Clair vaux, ' O sacred Head, once wounded,' and 'Jesu, the very thought of Thee;' with the 'Jerusalem' of Bernard of Clnny ; that sub limefit of uninspired hymns, the ' Dies Irae,' and that sweetest of Christmas carols, 'Adeste fideles ;' with even the sacramental hvmn o? Thomas Aquinas, deftly and sweetly adapted to the use of Protestant evangelical churches by Dr. Ray Palmer, in his 'O bread to pilgrims given.' These are but a few singled from the mass, in which indeed a manly and spiritua Christianity will find comparatively little that is congenial. One hymn, however, we must pause to notice here, although not strictly be - longing to this class — My God, I love Thee ; not because 1 hope for heaven thereby : But we need not quote further. The hymn in its simplicity reaches the crowning height of a true self ? renouncing Christian experience, in which the redeemed spirit, apart from all per sonal bopes and fears, desires to be Christ's alone. So wrote Francis Xavier, the Jesuit and devoted missionary. The Reformation brought to tbe churches a holy impulse and exuberance of glad emotion which could not but overflow in song, Luther led the way, and a host of German bards have followed; Paul Gerhardt, a hundred years after Luther, being by common consent chief of the goodly band. In their almost in numerable hymns the predominant charac teristics are the Lutheran energy and gladnesB, with a lucidity of expression which forms the greatest possible contrast to mediaeval mys ticism. Christ himself has' taken the place of the symbols of Christ, and the free spirit of tbe worshipper seeks communion with God. Many of these hymns are battle songs, from Luther's great version of the forty-sixth Psalm, rendered by Carlyle— ' A safe strong. hold is God our King,' to Martin Riabkart'a thanksgiving for victory^ 'Nun dankefc- aUe Gott,'theGermannationalTeDeum. Othersare rich in a genuine healthy Christian experience. How many, have adopted, for their own strength and consolation, such strains as *he following : — Give to the winds thy fears. — Gtrhardt. Tftee will I love, my strength, my tower.— Schejlsr. Jegca, Thy boundless love to me — Gerimrdx. JfEUS livtsi no longer now. — Oellert. lift up your heads, ye mighty gates.— WeitzeL O God, of good the unfathomed sea,.—Schxffler. Kow have I found the ground whereon — Rathe. O Love, who fonnednt me to wear.— Seheffier. Then came that deepening and intensifying , of the devotional spirit in which the Moravian i Brethren- led the way ; and from this also j sprang some imperishable hymns. Best known ; perhaps are : — Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness. — Zinzendorf. Thou bidden love of God, whose height.— Tersteejen. Lo, God is here, let us adore.— Tersteegen. O Jesus Christ, grow Thou in me. — La.Vi.Ur. The translations of these hymns have j been numerous ; the first place, by common ; consent, in finish and poetic power being due to the versions of Miss Catherine Winkworth. But for reproducing the spirit and power of the old German bymnody no translations have : turpasBed John Wesley's. He, too, was a re- j for«ner, and the great work which he had to do - inspired in his soul a music akin to that of the ( fatherland. ! FoitbeMetbodistrevivalwasinEaglandboth ' the cause and tbe effect of a new outpouring ; of the poetic afflatus upon the teachers of evan- , gelical truth. How largely the form and spirit of modern Christianity are due to the hymnista j of the seventeenth century can never be esti- j mated. Isaac Taylor says — 'In any system '? of public worship the constant element — that is : to say, the liturgical — will always exercise a gieat influence over the variable part — the ex- ? temporaneous — in giving it tone aad direction, j and in preserving a doctrinal consistency in ; the pulpit teaching. It will be so at least j wherever this liturgical ingredient warmly engages the feelings of the people, and where : it is performed with untiring animation. In : comrauLities that have laid aside liturgies I in every other tense the hymn-book which they { use— especially if psalmody be a favored part ; public worship — rules, as well the preacher as \ the people, to a greater extent than is often ] thought of, or than would perhaps be acknow ledged. The hymn- book to such bodies comes in the stead of creed, articles, canons, and pre siding power.' The chief applicability of these remarks is cf course to the great Wesleyan Connexion, to which the hymn- book has been of priceless value. C- ngrf gational communities for two or three generations had something of the kind in the psalms and hymns of Dr. Watts ; while numberless supplements showed either a dis satisfaction with the good doctor's work or else a sense of the value of such hymns as those which Toplady, powper, Newton, and Dodd ridge bad contributed to tbe service of the churches. The beginning of the present cen tury was truly a time of hymn-books; and tbe flat, prosaic character of the times was only too accurately reflected in the psalmody of the churches. The great wave of revival had spent its force ; there was hardly anything in the re ligioup life of the era to call forth a sacred poet. Assuredly the poet had not appeared, for Heber and Montgomery, Condor, Lyte, and Keble belong to a later day. But the flow of rhj me was unceasing, and our forefathers were j contented with the baldest statements of doc- j trine thrown into verse, or the recital of ex- { periences, mostly dolorous. Occasionally som.9 ! gleam of genius appeared, and it is sufficient : to recall the names of Thomas Kelly, Henry ; Kirke White, Dr. Haweis, and Bishop Mant, { all of whom have contributed memorable verses ?; to our hymnody. But generally speaking1, the f hymn-books and the hymns of the firstf quarter j of our century are dreary reading; the only J circumstance of tbe times that seemed to , awaken poetic enthusiasm being the missionary \ work of the churches, in the first successes of ' which the very millennium seemed at hand. ? Montgomery's 'Hark, the song of jubilee!' ? and many of Kelly's hymns, glow with the ! inspiration of a new hope ; and the missionary ' enterprise enstamps as special a character on ; much of the hymnody of the period as did the ? tbe great revival of the eighteenth century. f The publication of the '' Christian Year' in 1827 markB a new departure in the realm of sacred song. Undoubtedly the influence of the book, in giving form and expression to high ecclesiastical and sacramental doctrines, has been immense. But with all this, which we cannot cease to deplore, the volume has af- ' forded to Christians of all communions new and richer forms of devotional expression, and has shown how congenially a deep religious earnestness may be associated with poetic beauty and an exquisite taste. Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, said- of these poems before they were published — 'The wonderful knowledge of Scripture, the purity of heart, and the richness of poety which they exhibit I never saw paralleled.' Fifty years' experience has con firmed this judgment; and although few of Keble's compositions are hymns in any true sense they have bad more direct influence on the religious life of the age than any other de votional writings, and have given a true poetic impulse to every section of the Church uni versal. The number of hymn writers of a high claBS was never so great as at present. We need not mention living names. Most can raise the flower now, For all have got the seed. Has the influence on the whole beep salu tary 1 We can hardly answer the question de cisively. On the one band, we all feel that our religious life would be the poorer without Keble's Morning and Evening Hymns, nor could we willingly dispense with such sacred eongsas ' When God of old came down from heaven,'' ' There is a book who runs may read,' , 'The livelong night we've toiled in vain,' ' The voice that breathed o'er Eden,' and many othere, in remembering which it EeeroB almost ungrateful to crave a larger, freer communion of the unfettered spirit with itB God. Yet the air seems sometimes heavy with, incense, and the dim religious light replaces the sunEhine of heaven. On thing is certain that since the publication of the ' Christian Year ' our hymn- books have been of a higher, pore poetic cast. We need not specify individual collections, in which evangelical doctrine and poetic excellence are happily combined on almost every page. The danger still is that the former should be sub ordinated to the latter, and that an undue fas tidiousness should fetter the soul in its approaches to God, We have discarded the rhymed definitions of doctrine which our ancestors called hymns, but we must beware lest the vaguely beautiful strains which some times take their place should impart their vagueness to our beliefs. The hymn-book of the future, should that ideal ever be attained by the Church universal, will be as definite as it will be beautiful Meanwhile in the sermons of tbe eloquent American clergyman, Phillips Brooks, there is a warning which we shall do well to lay to heart— ' A certain religion of sentiment,' he says, 'has grown up in our day, of whieh it is im possible to say how much it believes, but which delights in glowing and vague utterances of feeling. No one can read our hymns, whether they be of the rudest revival sort, or the trans lated mediaevalisms of ritualism, without feel ing what I mean. They are very beautiful often, but compared with the hymns that our fathers sang they are weak. They lack thought, and no religion which does not think is strong. It may be in reaction from the way in which many of the old hymns were made to labor with a process of reasoning', that straggled on most unlyrically from verse to verse, that the favorite bymns of to-day discard connected thought, and sesm to try only to utter moods of mystic feeling, or to depict some scene in which the spiritual parable is apt to be lost in tbe brightness of the sensuous imagery.' ? ^— — ^ A recent number of the Sword and Trowel contains a remarkable article by Mr. C. H. Spurgeon, in which he refers to tbe 'broad- ening' of Dissent. ' A new religion,' he says, ' has been initiated, which is no more Christi anity than chalk is cheese ; and this religion, being destitute of moral honesty, palms itself off as the old faith with slight improvements, and on this plea usurps pulpits which were erected for GoBpel preaching.' ' At the back of doctrinal falsehood comes a natural decline of spiritual life, evidenced by a taste for ques tionable amusements and a weariness of devo tional meetings.' ' Let us not bide from our selveB the fact that the Episcopal Church is awake, and is fnll of zeal and force. Dissent ing as we do most intensely from her ritualism, and especially abhorring her establishment by the State, we cannot but perceive that she grows, and grows, among other reasons, be cause spiritual life is. waning among certain Siesentera. Where the Gospel is fully and powerfully preached, with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven, our churches not only hold their own but win converts ; but when ' that which constitutes their strength is gone— i we mean when the Gospel is concealed and the ? life of prayer is slighted— the whole thing be- j comes a mere form and fiction. For this thing ? our heart is sore grieved.' 