TEMPERANCE ENTERTAIN MENT AT HARROW. The E»cond temperance entertainment at Harrow was held in the Mechanics' Hall on Thursday evening last, and proved a brilliant success. Tha arrangements were under the control of the recently -formed T4 ueam. committee, ana tne memoera tnereoi may do congratulated on this their first entertainment, it undoubtedly being one of the best over given here. The first part was carried out by the members of the local Juvenile Bine Ribbon As sociation, which now numbers 46, the superin tendent. bring Mr. and Mrs. A. J. OHWell, and Miss Y. Oswell pianists. A pianoforte solo, " Venetti Waltz, by Daisy Oswell, 11 years of age, put the very large and appreciative audience into a pleasant mood, it being played in such a careful aud taking manner as to call forth well deserved applause. Then cime the grand processional march of the Harrow Juvenile Bine Ribbon Association, in which six girls sang treble and four boys alto of the very pretty song "Merrily thro' the land we ge," whilst thirty of the members with pretty bannerets paraded the stage going through fancy march- ing. This eras a very pretty scene and was heartily applauded. The next time the curtain rose W. Minnock was seen with a large bottle of pretty coloured medirine, a box of pills and a packet of powders ; Norman M'Lean with a cane; J. Beaks, jam, with a letter O.H.M.S. ; Percy Kirby with sleeves rolled np, leather apron and sledge hammer, before an anvil ; Robert Forbes, sleeves rolled up, with trowel and pile of bricks ; Frank Oswell, sleeves rolled np, with plane, hammer and saw ; W. M'Bean, with clerical gown and black band of office ; George M'Bean, sitting en a box, with coat off, apron en and shoe between his knees; and .Tahnnv Cax looking everv inch a farmer. At the command of " Trades" from Mrs. Oswell the little chaps went through their motions at tributive to the various trades they represented splendidly, the whole making a very faithful representation of life in a miniature form. The parti recited in connection with this, viz., " The Choice of Trades " was not a great success with those below six years of age owing to a strong voice bring necessary to speak from our stage, bnt those above that age were beard well. How ever, the whole get up waa a scene well calcu lated to please bid folk and educate the young taking part therein. When the curtain fell the applause, indicated a repetition, but conld not be acceded to. " Men of Britain " was then sung by toe whole company taking part in the entertainment numbering fifty-two. The piece was wall rendered and met with load applause, which terminated toe first parti Part il com menced with a pianoforte aolo " Glaire Waltz" by Miss Y. Oswell in her usual brilliant manner. This was' fallowed by the doet "Larboard Watch," by Mesne. W. Peske and T. Flnnigan in capital style. Mr. J. Shriva's song " The Vacant Chair" waa vary well sung. " Domes tio Squabbles" by Mr. Oswell and Miss Edith Oswell wss capitally rendered. Mr. W. Paake'e Bong 'Tin still a friend to you dear Tomncmated a very favorable impresaion, and Miss Violet OswsU's song, "Tit for Tat" was a treat. The song," Tenting on theoldcamperoand,"byMT. Archibald Torbett, pleased well; and Mr. and Mi„ V. Oswell in "domical Courtship" fairly brought tha house down. The song "Snow- white Blossoms," by Mr. T. Finnigan, was given in a very taking way, and JikB all the rest, met with applause. Several of these performers made their debut as dnettists end soloists, and it is pleasant to be able to say that they were all soceessfal in their endeavours to please an. andience, as also to help on the cense of Total Abstinence in our midst The best item on Fart IL vu glee, " The Fay's Good Night," which, like tha choruses already rendered to many ef the songa song, showed that the com pany had studied their parts Well, and had attended steady practice. PsrtHL then oarae, which turned out to be a lugger euoceel than parte T. and IL if such a term conld be safely applied which is not the case for everything attempted, was well done and up to the mark. A dramatic version of "Coring a Toper," eras then gone through. Miss Violst Oswell «s old Mary mi nil that could he desired. Miss Edith Oswell as Sarah waa capital. Miss Annie Peske us Maude was life itself, andMissDaisy Oswell as Kate did really -welt Messrs. T. Finnigan, W. Peske, And J. Shrive, first as rude boys and secondly as ghosts really did their ports weU. . The - pines from begin ning to end kept the aadienee in roars of laughter where such was needed whilst during the solemn parts a pin couldbe heaid to drop in «ny part of the building, so attentive were all to those on the stage. A collection was taken up to defray the expenses of .the hull, ftc. nil was liiliy-<«rmf«l to, and after pay ing ezpenaos toe hslanee will" be devoted to a Ohristmae-tree for the' members #f the Javenile Blue Ribbon Asseriatisn, at which time another Antertainment willbe lield. The ringing of toe National Anthem sent, home cue of the. best Audiences for number and behaviour tost could be gathered together here, whose general ver- dhfwna tha they had had a treat pf too meon order. At Mr. GswalTs appeal five denned ihs blun, .whilst othecs prmhiBed to.otll at bis rash draco 4nd- do" do '-tbiire. AUhoogh -krily ax. mouths inuperatioii;4he.iboekz return 46 jnve- nOss «hd23 Adritsfbr total abstinence. Both tber$<lvemlM tend adults meat rmoe a week for elocution und ringing grootiot. 