M?. J-diEct. _i " Nif#it>ITA NO~.. The Rev. Clement Jenifer had inherited a Urwearty ! The lawyer's letter announcing the fact lay before him, beside the breakfase which he had forgotten in the thought of this unexpected good fortune. Is was not eagre breakfast, although Mr. Jenifer, at fiv-an t-torty, was still only a curate on a %tipe t of £150 per annum, for through the teater part of his twenty years in ho'y o. ere he had acted on the principle that ul ne gave his time to the poor it was as enauc as they could expect, and so if they called Parson Jenifer ' nbard' and 'close,' and pre ferred coing to the Vicar, why, that was not his fault. His inheritance consisted in a good house and several hundreds a year, and he sat atid thought over the difference this would malk in his fauore. No more for him the daily service, read' as part of' the' day's work -no more visiting of thriftless, complainigr, Smuddling poor, with whom he was com pletely out' of touch-in 'a word, no more dralgery? ? Twenty years of drudgery ! That was what his life amoneted to. Not for him the .spirit of love that softens and the higl thoughts that sanctity daily taks ; only the grudging gift of obligatory toiL It was written on his face, in lines marked by twenty years-no, not quite twenty-he had thought differently at first-but by more than a dozen years of discontent and re pining. It was a pity, too, for the face w+9 one of great possibilities, clouded over br the dullness of the heart that fails to see through the service the Master who is served. Even now he had no regret for the kind old friend who had left him a goodly share of his property; no thought that the hand which had ever been ready to help him and manyanother was helpless now henceforth on spirit of gratitude for this last loevii gitt-only a selfish pleasure in his own good luck, and a feeling of discontent that it had been so ong in coming. And thusa thinking he rose and went to see his Vicar to maki arrangements for the visit to his lawyer, whichmnut precede his taking possession of his new inheritance. He found no difficullyin obtaining leave o absence for the purpose. The Vicar was e kind and open-hearted man, and pleased at his curate's unexpected prosperity. SWell, Jenifer,' he said, 'I am very glad for you, though you can't appreciate it as much as if son had a wife and family de pending on you. All the same, you have m hearty congratulations.' ' Ah,' said Mr. Jenifer, 'things generally come too late. Now, if this had happened when I was ten years younger, what a differ snce it would have made to me!' ' But your friend's life was a very valnable one to many, was it not?' said the Vicar ' From all I have heard of him, I should think that even now there will be plenty o people to say that the end has come ten years too soon, rather than too late.' ' Why, he was nearly ninety I' said Jenifer as if the fact were rather a reproach to the old man. Then he hastened away to make his preparations for leaving. The Vtcar's wife came in as the curate wenl -out. She found her husband gazing rather sadly into the dull street ' Mary, my dear,' he said, 'it is my beliel that after the miracles of the loaves and fishes there were some among the 5,000 who complained that the bread was stale and the fish not so fresh as it might have been.' Meanwhile Clement J5nifer.was speeding onto London to see his lawyer. He found there was one condition which he must fulfil before he could call himself master of house and income. Mr. Dacre had only willed Waterdell Hall tohim under the proviso that he should pass one night in the house entirely alone, Mr. Jenifer laughed when this clause was rend to him. ' That's ott a very hard thing to do,' said he. 'But was Mr. Dacre's brain soltening when he made his will?' '?Not at all,' answered the lawyer, shortly. ' Anyone who saw Mr. Dacre in his last hours will tell you that the dear old man's mind was as clear to the end as in his best days. When you go to Waterdell, you will not please your poor neighbours there if you suggest to them that the man who was so univereally beloved and revered was crazy. I have no -doubt bthis letter, which he instructed me to deliver to you personally, will explain the matter.' This was, however, not the case. The note was but s short one, and gave no reason for the testator's wish, except that he had in herited Waterdell Hall under the same stipulation, that he had ever been thankful for having carried it out. and hoped that. though his friend Clement Jenifer was older than he himself had been when he came into the property ('for,' he wrote, with a touch of his ordinary humour, 'I have been, like Charles IL, an unconscionable timea-dying'), yet that a solitary night passed in his future home would prove as great a blessing to him as it had been to the writer, and so, without further explanation, signed himself his affectionate friend, Thomas Dacre. That was all. Clement Jenifer never liked being made ridiculous, and he thought that this wilt went very near that possibility. Yet he could not lose his inheritance for fear of being absurd, so, after certain business inestrctions from the lawyer, he went to his hotel for that night, and next morning started for WaterdelL He put up at a little innin thenearest market town before pro ceeding to his destination,.where, the lawyer had informed him, he would find all things in readiness to receive him for his lonely vigil, if vigil it was to be. The inn was full of the farmers of the neighbourhood come in to the market, and, after much discourse on grain and turnips, the conversation, Mr. Jenifer found-he being, of course unknown -turned on the death of Mr. Dacre. 'They do say,' said one red-faced, grey whiskered man of substantial appearanc- * 'they do say that the chost has begun to walk agait since the Squire's death,' What ghost?' asked a younger man with on incredolous laugh,' I never heard of a ghost at WaterdelL' 'No, you mayn't,' said the first man; ' but rye heard tell from my father, times upon times, that before Squire Dacre come here there were a power of queer things seen and heard at Waterdell; and they say that since he'e dead they becomeback,' 'They asy; who says?' asked a thin, weasel-faced farmer. 'Well, me man Marvel for one; he went across by the spinney last night, where he has been almost every evening these thirty year, and he swears that he saw someone walking up and down the long path, and heard someawfnt noises.' 'Ah r said the thin man, with a grants oMarvel always were a liar.' ' Liar or no liar,' said the fat farmer rather sngrily, ' my father saw the ghost himself sirty years ag3; eften and often he has told me of it; and I belteve the old Squire knew of it too, for he never laughed or scoffed as some fools do (with a significant sniff) when folk talked of ghosts.' And so the talk drifted on to other mat ters, and Mr. Jenifer was left to contem plate another element of absurdity intro duced into his well arranged commonplace existence, and felt quite angryac the thought that heof all men should, by the irony of late, be broughtinto a ghost story. But as he had never had believed in ghosts, he did sot mean to begin now; and after inquiring bis:wayrto Waterdell Hall he lound that he must start at once if he wished to reach there before nichtfalL It was a Somewhat dull walk, which led him at last along a narrow road ending in an abrupt descent. The high hedges on either aide had lost-their esummer beauty without yet gaining the glory of autumn: the few rose berries were sickly looking and withered and frosted with a whitish blight, and their leaves hung shivering on the twigs, while in the fields beyond the evening mists were already rising. The road turned aharply to the right, and then Waterdel Hl Hllay before its future owner. To a cheerful eye it might have seemed nestling in a bower of greenery; but Jenifer, out of tune with things in general and tired with his walk, saw in its withdrawal from the high road a guilty seclusion front observation. Four tall Wellingtonias rose dark and solemn above the little wicket gate and cast a gloom over the garden patch. in which some late geranmume and petunias only served by their touches of brilliant colour to accentuate the general melancholy. The bonse itself, instead of boldly looking forth on the passers-by, turned its face away from the road, and had no prospect but the ittle bit of garden and the four sentinel trees The door stood open and Mr. Jenifer -ntered a ,,arrow passage where no welcoming footstepa came to meet his own, only a Virginian creeper, torn by the wind. tapped on the porch: otherwise all was still. Mr Jenifer looked around him for a moment and then went through the silent house to the chief sittingroom It was neither large nor hblih, but it had that individual charm which only age and years of occupation can -ive. The old-fashioned mantel reached, with its dark, rich carvings, to the -aliing, across which was a malise oken beam,. nearly black with age. The aelsac, with its glaring loge, gave out a .heIasul glimmer, "reflected' In the aealt quarries of the window opposite, over which ,uns a carved scroll, whose inscription there was not light enough to read. Mr. Jenifer breathed a siahof relief at the comfortable appearance here, in contrast to thedepressing aspect of the rest of tle honee; but instead of settling himself (as he felt tempted to do) by the fire, he again went out to look over the eUrroundihg property. Behind, the ground rote abruptly, and was bounded by'a closely growing coppice, through which a narrow path seemed to strike in the direction of the village. The parson climbed the hill,leaving the coppice on bhi left, and standing on the highest portion of the meadow, looked across the low hedge at the last pageant of the sun. set. Some elm trees were silhounetted against the sky, athwart which lay hare of rosy flame. tender and evanescent. One moment the dying light leaped up brighter and throbbed through all the burning heaven, and then suddenrly it died away, and the day done. Jenifer turned and looked at the hall Already it seemed to be loeing itself in the darkness which gathered around it, hiding in the recesses of the gables, drawing curtains of mist over the twisted chimners. The silence, entire and absolute, struck almost with oppression on the mind of this man accustomed to city noises; but even as he thought to himself, ' How still it all is,' there sounded in the coppice close behind him a long, sebbing, moaning cry, which rose and fell, and rose again, and then ceased. Clement Jenifer was not a particularly tender-hearted or compassionate man, but that andden cry filled him with a vague fear of some cruel deed just perpetrated some awful mystery to be brought to light; and after a moment's hesitation he turned into the direction whence it had seemed to come, and found himself on a long path, with a thick yew hedge on either side. Far ahead, in the dim twilight, he could descry a figure walking slowly away from him; he could hear a moaning sound, as of some one in pain. Mr. Jenifer hastened his pace in order to come up with the sufferer, and as he gained on him and could see him more dis. tinctly, it seemed to him that there was some thing familiar in the gait and bearingof the unknown. And as be thought so the figure turned, and facing him, advanced with slow, uncertain footsteps, wringing his hands as he came. What was it that struck Mr. Jenifer as so well known to him? What was it that filled him with sudden horror, and sent the blood back to his heart? All the tales of ghosts and haunting noises at which he had scoffed so lately recurred to his mind, and yet there was nothing unearthly in the aspect of any man who was approach ing him. And now they two stood face to face, and Clement Jenifer saw that this-he knew not what to call it-bore the face which he himself had borne twenty years ago, and he knew- though how he could not tell-that he was standing face to face with the ghost of his own dead past. Then ensued a conversation-strange, on natural-between these two, who still were one; but whether the words were uttered on the evening air or whether the knowledge of what was in the mind of each was mutual to both, it were hard to eay. Why do I haunt you !' said this deuble of himself, gazing on him with reproachful eyes ' Do not murdered victims haunt their slayers, and have not you murdered that which was the best part of me ? Where are the promises of your young days ? Where are the aspirations, the desires after a higher life, the noble purpose with which my soul was filled ? Dead-dead and buried beneath a crust of selfishness ? ' Youthful follies,' answered Jenifer; 'gone the way of all such early fancies. Why do you persecute me? Have I stolen, or murdered, or lived uncleanly? Have I not kept to my work and done it thoroughly, dies tasteful, as it is ?' 'It is true,' eaid the other, ' the command. mente you have not broken; but where are the hearts you have helped to bind up? How many have you helped by your example? Rather, have you not by daily carelessness, by dryness of spirit, by perfunctory per. formance of your duty, quenched the light that was, aye, God knows it was, in me? And in doing so you have wounded many another. There are sinners who slay the body, but you have slain your own soul; and woe be to him of whom this can be said.' 'Jeuifer laughed in scorn. ' When I was what you are all this would had its terrors for me; now I am not to be " frightened with false fire." I know what you are, who think to scare me thus-an illusion of the brain, a disturbance in the nervous system. Come daylight, and this will be as if it had never been.' But the other with the sad and youthful eyes looked at him in sorrow, and said : 'Even in your blindness you speak the truth ; for when you were as I am, erethe world had dimmed your eight, you would have seen the precipice on which you stand. Oh, brother of me, though how degraded! give up your dreams of a selfish future ; turn back while yet you may ; usne the wealth that has come to you, not for yourself only, bhut for others. Redeem the time that is left to you, and brmg to a happier second life the promises, the aspirations of your youth.' 'Begone !' said Jenifer. 'If not an illusi,n, then you are an accomplice in some con. spiracy to betray me into a rash vow. Did you and the old man who is in his grave plan it between you, and laugh to think how you would scare your foolish dupe? Away from me i and do not hope to work your will. I have inherited, and I will enjoy !' ' Nay, then,' said his double, 'see to what an end your enjoyment shall bring you. I, -thorn you have destroyed, am what yon were; see now what you shall be.' Then for one awful moment the parson knew that not only he himself stood there with the spirit of his once pure and earnest. hearted youth beside him, but a third and dreadful shape-himself as he should be, if no hand of grace stayed his downward course. The lightning flash of awakened perception showed him his own old age, where that which he had called economy had grown to avarice, where callousness had become cruelty -discontent, envy- carelessnese, impiety. He saw himself, degraded, mean, despicable, bad, without affections, without tenderness, without hope, and as the horror of it swept over him with resistless force, Clement Jenifer--the icy crust of years of life, for self. broken at last-fell upon his face, with the agonised cry of the Apostle of old, 'Who shall deliver me from the body of thbis deth ?' When he came to himself he was in the quaiot old eittingroom in his new home. The fire had burned low and only dimly illuminated the room, but as he gazed into the glowing eabers a hitherto unkindled log broke into flame, and as it leaped and flickered the scroll which he had before re marked and failed to decipher carught and threw back the yellow light, and Mr. Jeniter red in letters of gold the poet's words: a or deem the Iresoabres past As wholly wasted, wholly vait, Il,'rli.tone s its wreean, st lass so etmeihleg aobler e attalo. He sanlkr on his knees, and there in contri tion of spirit and anguish of soul dedicated anew to his Maker the years that should be granted to him, the wealth that he had in herited-himself, body, soul and spirit, for evermore People said afterwards that prosperity had Seen good for Mr. Jenifer; that it had made him softer, more compuasionate, more tender. He alone knew that the vision he had seen had come only jnst in time to save him from that utter ruin of soul to which he was tend ing; and when he thought, as many s time he did, of that awful night, he bowed his head in contritehumilty, and gave thanks for the wating that had been sent him.- 'Temple Bar,' 