THE NOVELIST. PH&NTOM; APP2.AUS2S. BY M. E. The night was a hot one ; not one of those pleasantly-warm evenings of our early summer that are rather enjoyable than not, but a hopelessly hot, sv/eiteriog 'i light, such as sometimes come before Christmas, and which we seem to feel t-hsn. «ven inorS than we do the greater heat of Feburary, I sat with all the doors open. The air outside Was probably Warmer than within as a fierce, hot wind was blowing, but I had felt so stifled that I was determined on a "change of some sort. The door of the room in which I wrote was thrown right back, so as I sat looking out of the room I could see down the broad entrance-hall to the open hall-door. ;. 1 went to work in the best of possible humours. The ideas seemed to come to me Jaster than I wrote them down. My pen Appeared to glide along the paper like a skilful skater on smoothest ice; I could hardly write fast enough. I wrote on and on, and when L at length paused to-arrange my slips, and re-id the^ over, I was astonished to find how 3-ate was, almost midnight; my wire would 1 home in another hour. \ The subject I had chosen was a ghos" story of the good old fashioned kind. And I flattered myself that I had caught the knack of the thing pretty Avell. I read and revised the MS for some time, till I caine to the exciting part of the story, where it is related how, " as the solemn sound of the midnight chimes j^as jieardfi : «"in tlie distant town, the great bell in the ruined castle turret, moving of its own accord, untouched by human hands, pealed forth the solemn notes of woe, and the ghastly vision that he had prayed for was vouchsafed to the daring gaze of yonng _ honso," &c.; This part I thought so good that I could not resist the temptation of reading it aloud, just to try how it sounded. I paused after I had done so. I felt pleased with my. effort. I murmured aloud. " Ah, poor Carton would have enjoyed that." A burst of applause interrupted me—an unmistakable clapping of hands: not the loud report of the " gods," but the wellbred, well-gloved plaudits of the circle. The slip fell from my hands. I glanced around in a nervous terror, mechanically calling out, " Who's that H Not a sound replied. The silence was unbroken, save by the " soughing " of the wind through the trees before the door, whose melancholy murmur made the stillness seem wore still. " I see you. Come out of that!" I called out iu a louder tone, convinced that somebody was playing a trick upon me. My voice seemed to echo in an unnatural manner through the room, and as the last sound died away the silence became more oppressive than ever. I knew not what to do - or to think. I tried to reason with myself—recalled the numerous stories in which imagination has been shown to have played most fantastic tricks. But it would not do. Reason had not such a potent sway in that lonely midnight hour as it is wont to have in the bright fight of day, I felt afraid of I know not what. I turned in desperation to continue my work. I feared to read the next slip aloud : but, because I feared, was determined to do it. I began a little quaveringly, but as I proceeded got- on well enough. The last words on the slip were—" and nameless terror seized upon his very soul." As 1 pronounced them Hooked round me quickly in every direction. Not a sound, not a movement. At first the expectancy of sound had been so great that the silence was more dreadful ; but soon the reaction came, and I felt intense relief. "Pshaw !" 1 exclaimed, " It was imagination, after all." And I commenced the next slip in a loud voice, with almost a jocular air. But with all my assumed jocularity I had not really got over my fright, and when the last words of the slip died away 1 listened intently for any sound. To my unspeakable horror, the applause I had heard before was repeated. That gentle, muffled, regular sound that is grateful to so many, was awful to my ears. •••'I remained spellbound whilst it lasted— two seconds perhaps of time, but to me a very eternity. Then, with a wild shriek:, I rushed madly clown the hall. Nothing there, yet everything. From the black shadows of the dark cross balls as I passed there seemed to emerge, half-seen, half-hidden, the ghastly visions seen in nightmares and in dreams. The lamp suspended near the door, as its flame flickered in the wind, cast shodows on the wail that to my frenzied sight appeared living, moving beings. As I approached the door, the same feeling of terror th&l; I had experienced on iny first visit to the house came over me. The door lay wide open ; beyond I could see the dark trees, the bright sky. .Nothing hold me back, yet I dare not cross the threshold. No, though life had been before me, and death behind, I could not have done it. 1 paused a moment, glared round me. and rushed back as widly as I had come. Not for all the wealth of Indies would I have looked behind me as I went. I sank into my chair, buried my face in my liand3, then with desperate, .courage I -;rose and walked mechanically round the ^pm, seeking for some explanation of my 'ostly experience. In vain. The room was a small one; there was no possible hiding-place in it for any human trickster. I could see underneath the sofa, the door ppenedj so far that it almost touched the wall, iend there was no other point of vantage for a persoii hiding. " Good heavens !" I thought. " can it be 1 Has the grave indeed given up its dead V Is it possible that involuntary agency can have'called back Carton to this sphere, jyhere hp Md suffered so much, and w'hich he had beeu so prompt to quit ? Can it be that spirits interest themselves in the trivial fond records of those they left behind t' I could hardly think it. Yet, I could hardly believe otherwise. I tried to remind myself that as I would not have quailed before Carton in the flesh, there was no reason why my spirit \- % ould quail befqre Ins now, "beiiig a thin.* ~ -"tcelf." 13q.t the earthy covering weighed down the immortal essence, shrank before the disembodied spirit. When J realised that I was indeed in presence of that which cannot ilk*, my mortal frame shook iu very agony, perspiration stood in gjcat drops upyn' my forehead, my hair stood bn end, i slivxldwrod convulsively. Yet I nude ate erL;•£• more. " Cznon," I cvieu 2-loud. '' spare The mortal can ;;:iiigie wkh the unsct-n and li <••;. Life io Yijry sweat to us sdil here. Let me live." Arouvid. above, ah out :r.e. the phantom applause, as if iu mockery of my prayer, echoed and ro.-echoed through my brain. I called aloud, a cry answered mine. A form in white glided down the hall. I knew not what new horror to expect. Joy ! It was my wife. " Why whatever is the matter with you r i You look pretty well scared to death." : £ Oh, Emmy—Emmy, I li.ivo had such an experience. Carton had appeal ed to me." M- 1 Carton—ikldlesticks, it's pie. You']!' never leave ofi' pie, till something worse than poor Carton appears to you. I am sure 1 am glad that it is not whisky. Well what did the old fellow do, and what did he look like'? 1 am sorry I wasn't at home. I hadir"t half as as much fun." " For shame, Emmy. I can hardly speak for tremb'ij'g. Carton did appear to me, or if lit; didn't appear exae'ly. be appj.iudeu when I read out something I had written." " Then his critical faculties must have fallen off greatly in the other world.'" " For God's sake be silent. Oh ! there it is again." The applause recommenced. I looked at mv wife, expecting to see hev sink terrorsfcrickeu to the ground, but that indomitable woman, s:iying " QajlOli—applause—rub- ^asn-r^wa vked to the door closed it, pointing to the part of the wail which had been hidden behind it, continued, " There, my fine ghost-seer. There's your phantom applause." And there it was, sure enough. And so my only ghost story is ended. * * * * * * " But you haven't told us what, the unseen dweller on the threshold was." " I fear it wus pie." "And the phantom applause?" " That was more humiliating still. It was nothing but an enormous moth, the largest I ever saw, which, dis.iv t ri>ed by my readme aloud, flapped a little way up or down behind the door." " Woli. let us hope it was a death's-head moth at least." C'nptain Rossi was acquitted on the charge of obstructing divine service at Goulburn Cathedral. The Earl and Countess of Aberdeen are passengers by the mail steamer Ballarat for Sydney. It is expected that the financial statement will be delivered to-day. Lord Carrington visits Ooulbourn to-morrow, accompanied by the Ministers for Works and Justice. Arsenal is backed right out to win the Sydney Cup. 