NEWS OF THE WEEK. THE overland mail from Perth, arrived at Albany, at 7*45 p.m., on Sunday. His EXCELLENCY tao Governor has ap. pointed Dr. FrLszell, of Roebourne a justice of the peace. LORD Hartington s portrait lias, it ap- pears 'mysteriously disappeared* from the walls of the National Liberal Club. ON Monday morning, the Albany and South telegraph lines were reported to be working badly, bot commamcatiou was restored by 10*15 a.m. THE name of - Hancock has been added to the list of persons for whom unclaimed messages are lying at the Central Tele- graph Office. THE name of J, Martin has been added to the list of persons for whom unclaimed -messages are lying at the Central Tele- graph Office. A NOTICE posted up at the Central Tele- graph office states : " Mozambique notifies Mauritius mail closes there 8 p.m., 25th instant." OFFICIAL returns just published show that the estimated population of Queens- land on tho 31st December was 343,768, being an|increase of 3,565 for tho year. THE annual picnic in connection with St. George's Cathedral Sunday school will take place at Bayswater on Thursday, the 14tli of April next. THE names of F. Goode and C. Jarsett bave been added to the list of persons for whom unclaimed messages are lying at' the Central Telegraph Office. THE English papers state that a great nude by marriage of Sir Charles Düke, Mr. John Snooks, has; recently died and left Sir Charles a handsome fortune amounting to £100,000. MB. B. T. ROBINSON has, we understand been appointed Associate to His Honor, the Chief Justice, in the place of Mr. Walter James, who has resigned, in view of leaving for England immediately. THE following entries were made on Monday on the Property Found List atthe Detective Office : Kangaroo dog, door key, man's coat, and a small, dark terrier (dog). _ Av inquest on the body of the child, the son of Mr. J. J. Fisher, Boe St., drowned in a bath on Monday afternoon was held on Wednesday and a verdict of " Acci- dentally drowned" was returned. WE have received the Annual Report for 1886, of the School of Mines, Ballaarat, which gives much interesting information respecting the work done by that most useful institution. THE South Australian Parliament was dissolved by Proclamation on March 2. The first batch of elections was to take i placeen the 16th inst., and the last on April 21. THE following names have bean added to the daily list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office : T. Anderson, Mrs. M. Alex- ander, F. Austin, - Barry, Cleveland Bros., J. Harmer, H. Kenny, R>. Lockhart. AT the meeting of the Perth Roads ! Board, held on Saturday last, a tender for the supply of 300 yds. ; of bluestone was | accepted. The Board did not, as stated j hy our contemporary, accept any tender for gravel, preferring to use blue stone, j AT the Fremantle police court, on Wednes. ! day, John M'Kntght and John Mulready, j charged with being drunk, were each ! dismissed with a caution. John Lee, j charged with loitering aboat the streets and having no visible place of abode, was sent to gaol for one mouth. MB! HAYTEE'S Victorian, Year-Book for 1885-6 has reached us. The volume which we shall take another opportunity of re- viewing, is far more bulky than any of its useful predecessors, a large amount of additional information having apparently been included in it. THE Gazette announces that His Excel« louey the Governor has sanctioned a temporary arrangement under which Lieut. Colonel Forbes will act SB Secre- tary to the Board of Health, ana Chief Inspector of Nuisances and Mr. R. Hab- good as Secretary to the Aborigines Board.- ? ? charged, waa dismissed with a caution!; George Horgan for a like offence was fined 5s.; John Young, for drunkenness was dismissed with a caution. WE understand that ou the occasion of the Jubilee celebration Mr. Padbury is prepared to entertain all the vruildt'ord school children of every denomination, provided the use of the Agricultural .society's grouuds is grouted aud that the schoolteachers aud others are willing to assist in the management ot' the pro* ceedings. WE regret to hear that Mr. Kelly, who was recently transferred from Victoria to the charge ef the Albany brauch of the National Bank, has been prostrated with an attack of fever. Mr. Booker, manager of the Fremantle branch, will take charge of the âlbany brauch during Mr. Kelly's illness, and left Fremantle for that pur- pose by tbe Franklin on Monday. At the Fremantle Police Court, on Thure day, Henry Wisdom, charged wirb being drunk was fined 5s. or iu default 7 days imprisonment. Dirk Doiyroot, a seaman, for a simlar offence was dismissed with a caution, it being hts first appearance. William Bobbie, charged with stealing a gold ring the property ot Neil Campbell, was remanded for eight days. THE mail steamer having left Colombo for Klug Georges' Sound one day earlier than contract time, mails for the Austra- lian colonies will be made up at the General Poet Office on Thursday the 31st instant, at ll a.m., instead of on Friday, as notified on the time table. Money orders eau be obtained at the General Post Office np to noon on Wednesday, the 30th instant. THESE is no truth in the statement which appeared in our contemporary that Erd man, who lies under sentence of death in Perth Gaol, became insane after the trial. He has not shown any symptoms of insanity. He has, we are iuforraed, de- clined to receive the visits of the Dean or of any other minister of religion, but lie exhibits remarkable composure, aud is cheerful and talkative. AT the Fremantle police court ou Monday Samuel Raphael was charged with steal- ing a cheque for £6 12s. the property of Mr. George Roby Woods and was remand- ed for eight days. Danial Hughes charged with dnnkeness admitted the offence, and was dismissed with a caution. John jj'ee who was brought up ou remand_ charged with stealing a silver watch a gold chain aud a locket was discharged. ' AT a recent committee meeting of the South Australian Chamber of Commerce, a letter was read from Sir Henry Wrens fordsley, urging the colonies to join in providing a lighthouse at Cape Leuwiu. The committee, hi reply, deelined to ask the Government to contribute, pointing out that lighthouses of as important -a character had been erected by the South Australian Government without outside aid. OK Tuesday evening, the Fremantle streets were paraded by a procession with lighted torches, and a covered van, which, passing through the streets, gathered large crouds of people, who kept np the fun by screaming, shouting, and yelling. Horrible music also was discoursed by a band, the purport of the pageaut being it appears to notify on the part of the W. A. Mfing. Compauy, their monster Fre- mantle sale ou Saturday next. THE quantity of wool catalogued in Syd- ney duning the present season is 166,097 bales, of which 120,137 bales have been sold, At the same date last year 167,223 had been catalogued, and 110,918 sold. The increase in the sales this year is thus 9,219 bales. The total exports of wool from New South Wales siuce the opening, of the season have beeu 278,622 bales, as compared with 304521 bales for the cor I responding period of last season. CAPTAIN STRACHAN has returned to j Sydney from a voyage of discovery in] New Guinea. He reports having investi- j gated M'Olures Gulf and followed the coast to the eastward, entering inauy ] large bays not hitherto known. Ho says i that much of New Guinea marked as mainland on the charts and maps is com- posed of groups of islands. He also dis- covered that McClure's Gulf is connected by a narrow strait with Gbisnik Bay. AT the Perth Police Court, on Wednesday, James Hennessey was fined 10s. for drnnkeness ; Margaret Patterton tor beicg drank and disorderly was fined 10s.} i lädward Hughes, an old man, was fiued 10s. for using obscene and indecent lan 1 grnage, and John Mansell was -Sued 5s. I tor druhkeness ; Edward McCarthy, à boy «charged vrith embeding the sum of.nine* toeuce. th© money of his employer, Mr, A* , AT the Annual meeting of tl»« New South Wales Rifle Association, ou February 25, the committee, referring to the visit of the Australiau riflemen to England, as- cribed tito partial failure of« the men to want of interest and management on the Sart of the captain, Lieutenant-Colonel leep. Major Walker also stated that as one who was present at the matches he could testify that the failure was not due to any fauit of the men, who ought to have been in charge of a better captain. THE S.S. Chatterton which is expacted to arrive at Fremantle from London some time this week brings out 351 Laud Co.'s emigrants, equal to 280.J statute adults. Of these 38 married couples, 100 children and 65 single men will be landed at Fremantle, and the remaineder will proceed to Albany. Of those landed at Fremantle the children and marriod couples will be housed at the Immigration Dépôt, and the single men will most pro* j babiy have quarters found for them at the | Invalid Deptôt at North Fremantle. j AT the Perth Police Court on Monday,, before Mr. Fairbairn, William Carr, John j Nesry, Henry Gray, Thomas Sullivan and j Thomas Stables, charged separately with j drunkeness, were discharged; Phillip | Donnelly was sent to prison for fourteen j days for drunkeness, having appeared at the Court a few days previously; ] John Hanrahan, a previous offender, was j sent to prison for twenty one days for vagrancy; and William Davidson was1 fined 40s. and costs for using obscene ; language in the hearing of the public. j , THE pulpit in Wesley Church, Perth, j ! was occupied on Sunday by the Rev. i ! Vivian Roberts, of Fremantle. In the ! j evening Mr. Roberts preached a farewell | sermon to the members of the denomina- tion, as owing to his approaching depar- ture to Geraldtowu it was tho last occa- sion upon which he would have the oppor- tunity of addressing them. Mr. Roberts, as already intimated, has been transferred to the Geraldton circuit, the Rev. T. James, of Albany, taking his place at Fremantle. ON Tuesday afternoon a little boy, nine months old, the son of Mr. J. J. Fisher, of Roe St. Perth, wa« accidentally drown- ed. The mother of the child on going in- to the yard of the house to hang up some clothes, left the child in the kitchen alone and on returning found him lying dead in a bath which contained about four or six inches of water. The body was at once carried by a neighbour to Dr Jameson, who pronounced life extinct. It is sup- posed that the child had been playing round the bath and had managed to climb over the side. ON Monday week, at White's Mill, on the Eastern Railway, a child named Louisa Crotti, aged five years, the daughter of Mr. James Crotti, engineer, had an acci- dent, which eventually proved fatal. A fire had been started by a traction engine, and she was in the act of throw- ing a bush on to the flames when her dress caught alight. She ran into the house, and her father quickly pnt ont the fire by rolling her in -bags. She had been severely burned, however, and death en- sued on Wednesday. A verdict of *' Accidental death" was returned at the inquest. ON Friday week afternoon William Jinks, driver of a water cart, belonging to Mr. A. Dearden, was thrown to the ground, as he was riding on the shafts of his cart, when comiug out of the opening in Barrack St. between the Government offices and the Police Court. His head struck the ground in the fall, and he lay i stunned while his team bolted, and were j only stopped by coming in contact with a tree at the entrance to Mr. Dearden's j stable. Corporal Woods saw the accident axd picking up Jinks, conveyed him to the hospital, where it was found that beyond a few braises, he was uninjured. His EXCELLENCY the Governor and Lady Broome, accompanied by the Private Secretary and Miss Lefroy, arrived at Fremantle at 12.30 p.m. on Monday in the s.s. Rescue on their return from Rott- nest. As the steamer neared the jetty Mr. Rickie, the mining engineer, dis- charged a salute of seventeen tonite cartridges. The party who were received on the jetty by the Mayor of Fremantle (Mr. D. K. Congdon), Mr. Marmion1 M.L.O., the Attorney General, Captain Coghlan and Mr. Clayton Mason, pro- ceeded to Perth by the 1.10 p.m train. THE following names were added on Men day to the list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office: H. Boehm, M. Cronin, S. Crabbe, F. Church, J. Cameron, Miss H. H. Christenson, JC H. Dawson. !P. Ealey, W. H. Ferguson, J. W. R, Gliddon, Mr. J. Jones. J. L. Jones, J. Kent. J. B>. Louis, C. 0- Loxton, R. E. Lloyd, G. E. Law» J. H. Langdon, Miss T. M'Gorry, P. McGrath,J E; Mansfield,"Nautical," ]W^%.jpf^frlu>«», J. aietardaot S. Richmond, T. or F. Sharpe, A. T. Stanbridge, Gr. Shark, H. Kichener, Mr. J. A. Taylor, R. Tell, Mw. A. Taylor, G. Yates, P. Willmott, J, H. Walker, M. Wilkins. MK. BRAY, Chief Secretary of Sonth Australia, speaking at Gawler on Tues- day, gare expression to an important point in the Government policy. He stated that the Government intended again to introduce a bill to enable the colony to join the Federal Council, and he believed that the bill would receive a morB favourable reception than previously, from the fact that Sir Henry Parkes had an in- tention of introducing a similar bill to en- able New South Wales to join the Confed- eration, so that then Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, Western Australia, and Tasmania would probably shortly be connected with the Federal Council and South Australia ought not to be left out. THE following cases form the calendar for the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court to be opened on the 30th inst. : James Stratchan, housebreaking, Swan ; j John Eaton, attempting to wound, Swan ; George Wade, larceny, Williams ; Joseph Kedge, attempting to commit suicide, Perth; Hugh Sloan, larceny, Perth ; Aaron Kershaw, attempted murder, Newcastle ; Sydney Percy Hodd, forgery, Perth ; James MacDonald, carnally abusing a girl, York Robert Henry Eyre, horse stealing, York; Matthew Bateman, re- ceiving stolen 'property, Fremantle; Thomas Sampey, larceny, Swan ; Theresa Arnold, concealment of birth, Perth; Alexander Fraser, obtaining goods by means of talse pretences, Perth. IT is stated that a demonstration quite unique in its character took place in the House of Commons on the evening of February 10, when the new Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Goschen, presented himself at the bar to take his seat, and was escorted to the table by Mr. Cubitt and Mr. Craig Seller. The Ministeria- lists and Unionists joined in cordial and long-sustained cheers, while the Radicals and Nationalists below the gangway at the Opposition side indulged in ironical applause, mingled with cries of " At last, renegade," and other complimentary ex- pressions. The Chancellor of the Ex- chequer immediately joiued his colleagues on the Treasury Beach, taking a seat between Sir Michael Hicks-Beach and Mr. Stanhope. THE accounts which the Italian Govern- ment have received of the disaster near Massowah, reported to us by telegram, state that the Major in command oz the garrison at Saati on January 25 shelled the Abyssinians who had occupied the heights round the fort. Then he dispatch- ed a reconnoitring party, who had a des- perate fight with the Abyssinians, at the close of which the Major sent to Monkullo for ammunition and provisions. General Gene sent three companies and other troops to escort the supplies on the 26th. Later the same day, hearing that this column was in difficulties, the General dispatched one of his two remaining com- panies, and they found their comrades all lying dead. The Abyssinian force was estimated at nearly twenty thousand men. THE papers by the mail state that when the Honse of Commons met hist month it was roundly slated in the lobby that Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Chamberlain weald amalgamate their political fortunes, and establish a new party of a thorough going Tory-Democratic type. This, it is said, is not at all impossible, and members were the more led to believe it from watch- ing the frequent meetings of the two statesmen. Lord Randolph, we are told, is partly in rebellion against Lord Salis- bury, and Mr. Chamberlain's relations with Mr. Gladstone and the Liberals of that ilk are becoming more strained than ever. The Gladslcnian Liberals are driv | lng him out of the fold, and, if he should j unite his political fortunes with those of Lord Randolph Churchill, he will only do what might be expected. THE arrangements for the production of the opera " Les Cloches de Corneville" by Messrs. Farmer and Iraray are now com- plete, and the promoters anticipate a very emphatic success. The full cast is as follows : Germaine, Miss Keturah Camp- bell ; Serpollette, Miss Zenobia Campbell; Manette, Mrs. Shanks ; Gaspard, Mr. F. Imray ; Le Marquis, Mr. A. J. Diamond, Le Bailee; Mr. W. Farmer; Grenicheux;, Mr. A. E. Colebrook; Gobo (Bailee's clerk), Mr. W. Hobbs; Christophe, Master Campbell. The first performance will take place at the Oddfellow's Hall, Fre mantle, on April 5 next. It is understood that the opera will be presented in Perth. It is to be mounted in a thoroughly realis- tic manner, the dresses being especially prepared, and in addition to a full chorus, au efficient orchestra has been engaged. A COMMITTEE of ladies ito Fremantle are actively engaged in collecting funda and generaUy preparing ior ahajar which lt pi intended ^Md oóme^We'^wntthe end of the year in aid of the organ fond of St. John's Church. In f urthurance of thia object a cake-fair, a form of enter- tainment novel to West Australia, iras held at Mr. W. D. Moore's residence on Wednesday. The grounds, for admission to which the sum of threepence was charged, were thronged throughout the afternoon with crowds of willing buyers. The proceeds of the fair amounted to about £15, which will be devoted to pur- chasing goods for the bazaar. Mrs. Moore and the ladies associated with her ara to be congratulated on the success of their novel endeavour. Last night a subscrip- tion ball was held in the Oddfellows' I Hall, the proceeds of which will also be devoted to the funds of the bazaar. Shortly after Lent another ball will bo given for the same purpose. THE performance pf the comic opera "Pinafore" during Easter week in aid of the funds of the W.A. Cricket Associa- tion is already exciting some attention, and every effort is being made both to ren- der the entertainment a thoroughly real- istic production and the benefit to the As- sociation a substantial one. The opera will be played two nights in Perth and one in Fremantle ; and the following is the cast of the principal characters :-Sir Joseph Porter, K.C.B., Mr. B. S. Haynes ; Captain Corcoran, Mr. G. F. Salas; Ralph Racket raw, Mr. Jas. Beattie; Dick Deadeye, Mr. A. Lovekin; Boatswain. Mr. C. Y. Deane ; Boatswain's mate, Mr. F. Palmer; Midshipmite, Master A. Rogers ; Josephine, Mrs. R. S. Haynes; Hebe, Miss Goodwin; Buttercup, Mrs. Westwood. The chorus will number 30 selected voices, and a full orchestra will assist. Mr. J. C. H. James, President of the Association, has kindly consented to act as hen. treasurer, and it has been de- cided that the proceeds shall be given to the Association generally, in preference to applying them to any special parpase Is the Daily News on Friday week Messrs. J. R. Lawson, R. Edwards, J. Christie, J. A. Hastie and Mrs. Kerr were pleased to " contradict the erroneous statement," which they assert appeared in a recent issue of the West Australian, that no. ef- fort was made to save the unfortunate sailor Sinclair who fell overboard during the late voyagé of the Franklin to Al- bany. Seeing- that no such statement was ever given by the West Australian '< and that there is not-the slighest. foundation for the charge made against us of baying cast so serious an imputation upon the much respected captain'of the s.s..Frank- lin, we shall expect an apology from Mr. Lawson and his co-signatorieS for the most unwarrantable action ' they have taken.. .Thegross, carelessness of. which they have been guilty in .making such an assertipn ss appears in their letter of yes- terday's date might hare most unpleasant conséquences for.themselvéa and another time-before- they, publish similar accusa- tions against newspapers we should ad- vise them to be a' little more correct in their data. If Mr. Lawson and his friends take the trouble to look at last Wednes- day's Inquirer they will perhaps discover i the proper object of their attack, [A I letter of apology in connection with this charge appears in another part of our 1 issne.-E©.] THE new opera by Mr. W. S. Gilbert and ,Sir Arthur Sullivan, entitled " Ruddygore or the Witch's Curse,*' was produced for the first time at the Savoy Theatre, Lon I doa, on January 2. The Times states that its production*' was accompanied by ; a phenomenon never before experienced at the Savoy Theatre. With the raptur- ous applause of a more than sympathatic first-night audience, which called compos* er and author, Mr. D'Oyly Carte, the manager, and all the principal performers before the curtain, a small but very de- termined minority mingled its hisses. As yet these signs of disapproval were too partial to interfere with the general suc- cess of the new play, which, for all we «an tell, may have as prosperous a run as The Mikado itself. At the same time they should give Mr. Gilbert pause, for we have no hesitation in attributing-them to the feebleness of the second act and the downright stupidity of its dénoue- ment." The Standard arrives at " two conclusions: First, that Mr. Gilbert; while amusing as usual, has hot surpassed himself ; next, that Sir Arthur Sullivan's music is, taken for all iu all, the best fae j has yet contributed to the stage af comic opera." The Fall Mall Gazette considers ithat ''while the dialogue is witty and abounding in playful satire, the lyrics, whether serious or comic, are in Mr, Gilbert's best style. Sir Arthur SnUivan liss again proved himself fertile in the charming composition of melodies, fresh and delightful as ever. The only ambitions I piece of writing is the Boleum entrance of the ghost in the darkened picture gallery I of Ruddygore Castle. The rest ts tnado up of pretty madrigals, dainty gavottes, some charming ballads, and admirable chortuij^ atrougly flavoured with the loss! 