IN LOVE WITH A FAIRY. ' BY Tbxotsoh SMITH, Author of "The Ghost of a Christmas Dinner," " Sunbeams and Shadow," *4Xike Summer ... Clouds," &c.; WHO tint has eyes to see, a heart to beat responsive to soft emotions, and one spark of the pottio in hid soul has not at some time or acoihtr been in leve with a fairy ? I do not mean thoee dainty, aerial, evanoficent, incor poreal creations of the poet's lanoy; those de lightful entities that people childhood's delicious dreams; those charmingly happy creavures who have such oonvenient sizes that sow a score o&n; romp through a Sir Boger de Coverley on a roseleaf and then one is big enough to quad his neotsr of early morning dew at a gulp from the lip of a oouvolvulus. X do not mean those sweet fairies-for to have an enduring affection for them is only mortal. The fairies X have in view are very much more material, more tangible, more *( sensible to feeling as to sight," more Kka ourselves-the fairies of the eiage. Not the Shakespearian phantasies either-the Packs, Oberons, and Titonias who haunt the ti ent solitudes of 14 bosky dells" and trip their merry livesnpon the greensward, underneath the crescent moon to the music of the purling stream winding its (silver way through the dark arches of romantic trees-not these, but, in a wori,.the substantial realities of the Christmas pantomimes. X mean the fair, or dark, ladies, contpiououa by the .possession of more or less adipose tissue and a scantiness of raiment which is variously of all the brightest tints coa? tained in the rainbow, or invented since; the flood*-who circle in bewildering mazes about thestage; atoend on improbable birds drawn by palpable cords; form stiff group) about 4'tbe vriLgs" while the red fire flares up at the back ; and generally fiU in obtrusive details in the stage-painter's brilliant scrne. He that has been in love with one of these has freighted his memory with a charge that time finds it difficult to dislodge. The experience, not infrequently comes to a violent, a disen chanting end; nevertheless among the broken particles of the shattered piotures of the past enough is always left to be gathered together to form a fascinating vision. Such has been my ca»e at any rate. In 186~ was produoed at one of thb leading H«1 bourne Theatres a very successful panto mime, which, for obvious reasons, (mainly to prevent the possibly inconvenient and uncom fortable . ounseqnenees of identification}, we .hall consider to have been called Cinderella." Certain professional privileges vested in the head of the family gave it* younger members, including ji.yself. oo<nparativ ly frequent op portunities ot visiting the theatre; advantages of whioh, it need hardly be acd*d, we pretty freely availed ourselves. *'Cincer«Ua" proved irresistibly fascinating to me, and I became a tolerably constant attendant. Let me.be frank i &tonce;, ax<d confess that it was not the heroine, nor the stilled performance of a leading aotor or actress, nor the charms of the story, nor the harltqoinade, nor the gor^eoxunecs of oos tumee, properties, azfynUt-en-tcetis that tempted me to desert the family circle and lured me ! from vacation exercises; no, it was the bewitch* | iflg magnetism of a member of the corps de j ballet-one of a host of fairies Shall X ever | forget the spell of those lu&trous; ejes of blue whioh seemed to sparkle with a new delight as I took my accustomed plade at the far end of the circle seats, quite near the stage, or the tittle signs of recognition-theslight arohing ot the trjws, the patting of the pretty lips, and the furtive dimpling of the rosy cheeks? What to me then were themesuve magnifi oence of the Amazons, resplendent in dazzling steel, the petite grace of Cinderella herself, the wiekrdness of the elder Bisters or the allure ments of the other fairies in the line with mine ? I haV nor eyts nor thoughts for them. Number Three, fiont row (the programmer did not dignify her with a name, and she was, em braced in the general description-faiiien), monopolized my attention, and in timi she' oame to be the very centre pivot of the piece, all elce was but an attribute to herself. X saw enly her face, cniy the full, graceful neck, the rounded arm, the neat and dapper figure, only the wavy mas»eiof htr golden hair and the soft effect of her flittff garments of blue. How the feeling of admiration crept opon me step by step stealthily, as those feelings always do creep upon U4 when tbey bave no right in the world 10 creep at all! Why. in time I became im pervious to the attacks of jealo »sy which at fin-t fairly besieged me a* X fancied my particular fairy was smit-en by the beautiful mou-taobes of tbit elegia- swel', who. in faultless even ing dress, nightly to ;k his seat in the c ntre ( I the second row iu tbe stale below. Nevcrtht lr£M it was something of a relief to fina by unmistakable signs that he whom I had deemed a rival was a victim to the blandish ment* of '*Fairy No. 16"-with a boldface, the old go'd fiaery and imporsible calve*. Hy admiration deepened into love-that is, into that incomprehensible, indescribable mextal antic, boy love-which expressed it-.elf tome in the most absurd vagaries. Thus, when she smiled X was unutterably happy, at>d sun, and moon, and stars, with tbe gaslight and lime light thrown in. seemed to conjoin their reful #r*nce into one vast add dszzting flash of glory. When she frowned or was sad, then was there no brightness in the present, atd tbe future was too forbidding and dark to peer into. X kept tiae with her dauce. When sbe tkipp^d in the airlwaM elevated, and when she concluded a pirouette with an unmisctk^bta thud, my Seart went thump in sympathetic unison F/naKr *h*t havoc was wrought when, after her only pat teul, amid the applause of the faou«*, »h« ridled up to the 4* second O P. en trance," and in retkrng ihot rnuna the turner of the scene her Uft. long-lingering puling look at me ;* how my heart ben and my cheek flatbed u J caught tU final fl*h of those .sparkling ejes! Bat how turbid what re* maiued! - Ihe magnesium, a rushlight; the erstwhile glittering tinsel, dull and lustreless; the dancing, slow and spiritless; the musio, out of tune. With what a unpreme oontempt I looked down on those about me wbo found interest, entertainment, fnn in what was left to do-even the drolleries of my onoe dear old friends, tho down and panta loon, were more senile and stupid than ever. At last the curtain fall*, the lights are lowered, and with the orowd, but not of it, I pas* into the open street; but it is not in this world-it is on a seloot little globs of my own, reserved for myself and my fairy. I walk on air, and apologise to 20 solid mortals who bump me roughly in recalling me to earth I eing to the stirs the song in the refrain to which my f iiry feebly joined, and address to the statues in the Fitzroy Gardens tho speeches I would give worlds to *peak to her. And 63 home to bed and to sleep entering that other fairyland of dreams with, half-uttered on my lips, the prettiest name X could imagine to fit my fairy queen. Excessively selfish though we all are it is also a characteristic of our natures, probably due to that very selfishness, that we are always prone to sdvertise our felicities in order, not perhaps to.have them shared with us, but to enjoy our friends' envy or congratulatibn. I wanted my divinity all to myself, but I also wanted others to know that I had suoh a divinity all to myself, and accordingly I determined to take my younger brother into my oonfidenoe. " Charlie," I said to him one day, not with out Bome considerable hesitation and misgivings a* to how what I had to impart would be re ceived. " Charlie," I said, u I've got a secret I want to ttll you and whioh I wish you to keep." " A; well as you're about to do, eh f" .'I'm in love, desperately, head over heels in love with a fairy." "Fudge!" Some more of your Shake spearian craze, I suppose. Who is it this time, Ariel or Peas-blossom ?" v "No, really, a real living, flesh and blood fairy at the Opera House." "Get out. 'What are you giving me? Through your play-reading I think you have get a little bit touched." "Fact, I assure you," I answered, with desperate seriousness. "You come to the theatre with me to night and I'll point her out to you, and see if you don't admire my taste. Suoh eyes. Charlie, such lips, such teeth, suoh hair." Eaoh added charm being indicated with increasing emphasis. "And do. you know," added f, firing the most risky shot -with steady and solemn imperturbability, "that I have very good reasons to think my fairy is a bit gone on me, too." Thts was rather too much, and my brother bmst out laughing. ' "Nevermind," 1 urged; "You come with me to-night, and judge for yourself." And after but little persuasion he agreed to comply with my wishes. [ .Emboldened by this partial suocets, I was. nerved to prosecute my advantage further. "I say," I proceeded, "do you think the mater would mind my pioking a bunch of flowers for my fairy?" " Come, now, wouldn't a bunch of carrots be more appropriate, and dp just as well T" " Don't chaff, old fellow. I'm very tenons, really. Bo you think she'd mind just a few, youtoow?" "Perhaps not, if you don't take horchoice Cloth of Gold or Malmaison roses, and leave Edith's pet pansies severely alone." The flowers were duly gathered and arranged, and I proceeded to play my trump card. During the morning I made my way into town, ana to tbe manager's office at the theatre. Genial, kindly old Jim Kitts was treasurer then, and presenting my*elf before him, cot without much trepidation, I introduced miyse t and explained the objeot of my visit. I W2B exceedingly anxious to explore the to me unknown aid mysterious regions behind the fcanea during a performance, and would he : bo good e&ough; to give me an order to enable I me to pass the staje door that night P After emphasising the inoonvenience of having &traogers; behind when a play was ia program, and the other drawbacks against acceding to my request, he at length gave way, and handed me the precious piece of paper whioh was to be the** open se&ama;" to this new wonder land. Homo again thus armed X impatiently waited the coming of the night. When at la*t it did arrive the necessary permission to at tend the theatre was obtained, and in due course we reached it With the boldness which is an elder brother's portion, and some thingof patronage, bearing the bouquet (shame facedly carrying it under my coat tail*) I escorted my brother to the seat X teemed now co have a kind of vested interest in, and took my accustomed place. Bfgarcing myeelf as thtt bero of the lnur, aa<^ with all the aplomb befitting so (.Id an habitue, I point d out what Wis specially worthy of nolo, aud in the proud consciousness of success, wan actually mag nanimous enough t > draw attention to my sup posed rival, the swell in the stalls. How interminable the overture seemed to be, to bo frure, and when at last tbe curtain did go | up how long and wearisome the opening J scenes. | " Look, Charlie, look!" I exclaimed catoh ! ing his arm convulsively with my trembling hand. "There the is! There's my fairy; behiad the second wing, there; that's where sbe comes on. She sees me already; look! she's laughing with pleasure. Oh, C&arlie;, what a tmil'}. £h. my boy!" "What," he answered, "That German Iookrng crtaUne in blue f' " German, if you will; but a Marguerite, my dear boy- Goathe's Marguerite to a trifle." "Nonnen?e; jou cin't tee straight, and I am certain sho can't- sh-'s oross- eyed!" " Oh, what a wickcd libol!" The grtat march of the gory eons Amazons W&H; over, and tbon came the ballet, the apex of my felicity, fur in tbat 8HK figured con spicuously. How beautiful *h< looked, how i gracefully she dinced, and how well she sang ! : But Charlie seemed to have a fit of opposition on, Nothing the did was well done. He con aidered the taste of the swell in the stalls better than mine, and thought a scraggy wenoh he pointed out, with a doll's faoe and black hair, and drepsedin purple, preferable^) both, while artistioiUy, from a Eculptor's point of view, he said the Amazon Queen, with her superb figure (the was seven feet high, if she was an inoh, and broad in proportion, and could have lust my little fairy in the thumb of her gauntlet) was absolutely perfect. Then came my fairy's chance, and how glori ously she executed tho steps with whioh she had of old danced into my affeotions, and how deftly she repeated that particular pirouette with which she had befcre bounded into my heart! Her pas seul over, I cast my bouquet at her feet, and was rewarded with a rapturous glance, whioh swept the whole house and then settled upon me until the our tain shut it out. How the applaufle Tang out .-it was, of course, an expression cf approval of my appreciation-but how long it lasted! I got nervous, and, sank back in my seat to hide my blushing face, thinking every soul ia that vast houie was staring, laughing, mock ing at me. But my greatest triumph was yet to come, and vigorously pulling myself together, I muttered something about being absent for a few moments, and left the theatre. TJp a dingy, dirty, dismal lane and I ivas in Little Collins street, and soon found myself faoe to faoe with that terrible janitor-the stage door-keeper. As a class invariably stern, morose, jealous, forbidding, oantankerous, sharp-spoken, and uncommunicative this particular member of his peculiar tribe was awfully repulsive. " Hi, . young shaver," he roared, as I entered the long low passage leading to the stage, ' * Wat are y' arter ? We don't want none n' the likes o' you a hidlin' 'ereabouta. Get out in double quick, d'ye 'ear ?" "But I have an order, if you please;" I remonstrated timidly, producing the pieoe of paper in question. " A. border 1 'oo of, I'd like to know ?" "Mr. Kitts. please." " Kitts. eh P.Weil, I never! Our treasurer's agoin' off 'is bloomin' 'ed, blessed if be ain't. Things is oomin' to a pretty pass when they 'ares whippersnappers of the likes o' yon a dawdlin* around. Well, its all right, I s'pose. Hinyergo!" By no means sorry to be rid of the iofluenoeof thin surly Cerberus-who, with his horribly wioked little eyes, great ugly bristly jaws, pro truding,teeth, ponderous hairy hand*, and burly frame, wrapped in the ooarsest clothes, seemed tnide to fit the position, and naturally consti tuted to be the inflexible keeper of the keys ot the paradise upon whose threshold I was trembling,-I sped upon my way along the musty, dimly lighted passage. Up three creakiog steps and round a oorner, and in an in stant I was on the stage, dazzled by the intense flood of light from hundreds of flaring ga- jets, bewildered by the buBtle, soarry, and oonfusion, awed as I looked np and saw the labyrinthine network of great ropes about me, and saw the stage carpenters darting hither and thither wi'h foreBti of trees and fragments of massive castles, and delighted by the excitement, the novelty, the charm of all thip new experience. There was Cinderella's gilded coach, here a pieoe of the Prinoe'a palace, in another place the old familiar butcher's shop, of number less harlequinades, and all mixed np together in such a deliciously inextricable chaos. What a clattcr of busy tongues, what a din of hammer blows, what a screech and creak of winding wheels, what a thud and thump of dosing doors and falling traps-and through and above it all the crash of cymbals and the hump of drums, the "squeaking of the wryneoked fife," the J piercing whistling of the flute, and the thin i shrillness of the violin, while, unconcerned, the ; players grouped about and talked, and others I danced with twinkling feet npon 1he baize' down by the curtain folds. Here was the grandiose Amazon Queen tilting with the { pantaloon, there Cinderella fixing the down's ! 1 wig on his head; here ^harlequin, sucking an | orange; there columbine, flirting desperately -with the Demon of Dieoord; there fairies of all kind*, sizes, shapes, and complexions -fairies in pink, fairies in mauve, majenta, white, green, j gray, black, purple, red, yellow, and silver; and there, yes. there actually was the swell from the stalls finishing a pint of porter with the fairy in old gold-that No. 16! Fairies everywhere !! But where was mine ? Dated I *eek her outP; Would I know her dose to ? How would the 1 receive me? What should I say? How many anxious questions rufcheu nnan* ! owered to my lips ? I took a turn about the I stage, assuming as well as I knew how | the demeanour of one who knew his way about, and was looking for eomeono he was b;und to encounter sooner or later-and when passing one of the wings on the prompt side I canght a glimpse of blue. Another look, and I knew that I was right-there oould be DO mistaking the sheen of those golden tresses, the rosy lips ! and i >'ory teeth, the dimpled cheek*, the fl*ah ' ing eyes of blue. Tho eyes-ah, yes, Charlie I was right, there was a little obliquity of vision | -but what of that?-a spot up<n the sun! I I hero t-ho was r^riinnt reclining in graceful I pose upon the bank " whereon tho wild thyme growa," and what a tmile lit up that beaming face as I approached ! But I was nervous and felt confuted. I didn't know her name, nor did ghe mine. What should I eay ? "How do you do?" rtie commenced, with just the faintest, most dclicato soup9Dn of an accent in the world, a* she extended her hand. "How-o-ow-d'ye do?" iBtammered in reply, and. took the proffered hand. How soft and plomp and vound, to be sure, and what fingers ! "You come often to tho theatre, isn't it?" (.ho oontinued. " I oo-co-come to see you," I replied. I began to think I was getting on bravely. " And do you know," I added, tardily releasing j my pretty prey, "that I call you my fairy!" I I was euro I was getting on famously. I it *o?' she Jaughtd; "how pretty of you." Were those wrinkles on that alabaster | brow ? Abaurd And even if they were, they I were contracted bj a bad habit, not by age. | Orowtfoei! How ridlouloui I lines put then by herself to throw oat. the sparkle of tKoM ; brilliant eves. "I think itwaa so gracious of you to bring ma those beautiful flowers, and I thank you very muoh." "Ah, too poor an offering at so sweet a shrine." I felt at last I was in the proper strain, and not going it a bit too strong. " I oould throw myself at your foet." ?'Not from the circle, surely? You would hurt yourself, and do mo no good," And Bhe laughed, a rippling, melodious laugh. But it continued a long time. Was eho making fun of mo? Oh, no, it oould not be. Bat this boisterous hilarity-what did it mean F Then it dawnod on me. My fairy's eoitaoy at knowing and reciprocating my soul's passion found vent in this mysterious burst of gladness. A. Bnrfeit of joy had ended in a surfeit of laughter! That was it. "Dear fairy, tell me what to oall you-I would have a name that I might engrave in everlasting oharaatera upon this poor neart of mine that beats alone for you." I made a mental note that that was a touch of the tub* lime. "Oall me Christina, if you will!" my fairy said, bnt laughed again. .' Why do you laugh ?" I asked. '' The sensation is so new. I never had any one talk to ma so nice before, and it tisklea me immensely." "You can't have known nice people-no, I mean people oouldn't say nice things- no, no" -I felt I was lapsing into the ridiculous. " I know what you mean. Never mind now. But tell me, where did yon gat these lovely flowers ?" " Oh, my mater's got a stunning garden. No end of good things in it." " Where do you live ?" '* East Oollingwood." " And I live in Oollingwood, too." . "Howluoky. I Bay fairy-Fairy Christina, do you mind oar walking a bit of the way home with you, then ? My brother is with ma in the circle there, and we- that is, I-should be so happy if you would let us." " Certainly, if you wish it." "Oh, that is so kind of you;" Awkward pause. "They are pretty flowers." " But I didn't oome to talk of them, Fairy Christina, only of the fairest flower 'that bloometh-of yourself." >' Talk away." And I did. I unburdened my surcharged heart, and unloosened the flood-gates of taf overwhelming love; launohed at her an avalanohe of endearments, and smothered her in a pellucid atmosphere of fervid sweetness ; then in the middle of my most rapturous burst of eloquent adoration, the prompter roared out in stentorian ton^a - "Clear stage, pleas*. Beginners ready!"-and the rain of adulations oeased. " Good bye, my heart's delight," I cried out, as I dragged myself away. " Good bye, but we Bhall soon meet again." A peal of ringing laughter was all the answer I reoeived, and its echoes yet reverbe rated in my ears as I passed along ths dark passage, past the surly oerberus, into the atreeti and up to my place at Charlie's side. "I've Bees her, brother mine, and she's an angel." ' " Been who-what ' " My fairy-Christina " " She was Marguerite just now." "But this is her real name. I have had such a lovely chat with her, and found out where ibe ' lives, llore. I have arranged that we shall accompany her part of her way home. I'll introduce you to her." " Very good and generous of you, I'm sure. But, I say, old fellow, will this be right, yon know? What would the governor say if ha ' heard of it?" " Ah, but he needn't know, you aee. Be* sidiB, it'B only another scene in a little ro mance." " In a roaring faroe, you mean." Before the harlequinade was half over to* gather we made our way to the stage door and watohedthe actors and the aotrerats, the supers, and the fairies file out in singles, doubles, trebles, and little giggliug, ohattering sets, and at.last-at last my lairy cane. Shall I say X was disenchanted? Mo. Of course Charlie was disinterested-nay, very much pro* judiced-but even so it was unkind of him to say that my Christina did not look np to muoh now that she was dressed. It waB positively oruel - of that moat particularly unpleasant and ontting kind of oruelty on; often moets with' in those candid friends who Bay for you just the thoaght that strikes you yourself, but whioh for very loyalty to provicjui oonvictions, for mere conelatency s sake, you would never dream of expressing. She emerged into the dark, and it did not matter so much, and betides, I saw only the fairy of the glittering scene then and never the woman at all. " My brother Charlie, Fairy Christina. Will you take my arm? Charlie, will you take the fairy's bundle ?" "Oh, novcrmind, thanks It's very light and I'd rather keep it myself. It'a only a trifle to cairy." Now. why did Charlie snigger under that - lamp, I wonder? Did he, too, think it was only thj fairy's dress ? I never asked hiaa that. What a bli'sful walk that was! I oould feel my fairy's heart throbbing against my arm and gently press her arm in mine. I oould be SO muoh bolder in the dark, and, with my blushes unseen, say all kinds of sweet things in her attentive ear. Bsaides, Charlie had suddenly - got " La > i'.ln du Madame AngOt" on the brain, and loidly whistled everything in the opera from beginning to end. That was SO good of him. After half an hour's ecstatic joy of thlsdei* cription wo reached Bridge street, and Christina said, " I live only three doors to the right hec*« and need not trouble you further." " Trouble, Fairy Christina-it's a moment oi paradise. We must sea you safely horns, Charlie?" What oonld Charlie say but ye", espeoMJ/., af er the nudge I gave him, wl^oh dcprindlUt . of breath for fully four second*. "Well,. U you must, pi oourse. you will. - Bat It Is Imposing'cm you too muoh." . Wo reaohed the g*te. " Won't you come In and rest a minute P" my fairy asked. It was Charlie's turn for nudging now. "Oh, no think you," I replied, when I could, "It'll too lato, and they're sitting up for us at home." Then suddenly the honRO door opened and a squat, thickset, brawny little man appeared. " ShommerhausenhoopfengisterhengerBtein giemaohen, Christina," it said. "Oh, mother, how late you are to-night 5" .and a .tagged urohin with bare lege and un kempt hair, poked 'its head under the man's extended arm. " My husband. Mr. " slid the voice thst bad been Fairy Christina's. But I heard not nor stayed-flyinjr home wards on the wings of fright, with Charlie at my heels. ?1 thought hie shrieks of laughter would have raised all Gollingwocd up ia arms. Tea, I saw that pantomime again, but only onoe, and then missing the fatal pas seitl, and I thought it very dreary: and what a Bimpering Idiot, too, I thought that swell in the stalls to be, to. be casting his ridiculous sheep's eyes upon that brazeu-faoed hu4sy in old gold dreES and impossible calveB. A8 to fairies, I have gone back to the poetu. THE Erd. 