JvadieaV OaHumu ' ''' [BY BUTTERFLY.] , YULE-TIDEi Peab BnTTBBFLY.-i-lt seems a year ago1 since we were gazing at ? the Bhop- windows: full of quaint conceits and dainty, devices placed there in: honour of' the coming of Yule-tide. Yet once more aro we looking at a tempting array of Christmas cards, some being veritable works of art;' at lovely dolla and marvellous toys that will be con veyed to some lucky ohildren by that wonderfully generous old Santa Claus or nisiaitniui aicenaanc uiaooaui ; at exqui site ? jewelry ? which will adorn fair maidens and charming matrons ou' various festive occasions ; at ihdesoribably Doautiful fans that j will add not a little to the attractive appearance of- tleir bearers' ? toilettes at ball or opera, being doubtless a wonderful improvement upon the one first used by a lady, Kan Si, thp daughter of a Chinese Mandarin. People ia quest of Christmas g fts mmst indeed be hard to be pleased, if they cannot find something to suit their tastes, for ? there is almost ? every imaginable thing to be bought. Workbaskets for needle-women; writing desks for the pen-industrious; books on various -subjects for readers; ? bhina for (esthetic house-wives,nnd cosy,oushioned armchairs for grandmammas. In fact, with- the talisman, gold,: in one's- pocket, there are' very few things one could not dbtain. It ie pleasant to think how many homes will be brightened at Christmas through love-bestowed presents ; boWmany hearts 'will boat with joyful throbs'; '-how many- poverty-stricken human being's »will receive a beneficial glimmer of 'their- more fortunata neighbours' prosperity;1 '? For^to the ??poor, friendless, and wretched* 'there often comes near the close of the year a break in their distress since' the sweet old words ' Peace to ? men and good will' are subg by unseen angels within 'the hearing of those upOn whom Fortuneitfa's1 smiled, and the latter go forth cheerfully to give out of their abundance to 's6tne in need of assistance. We must acknowledge that the line* of the po'or'f'have^fallen in more pleasant places beneath' out own blua'gk'ies, where intense cold finds no habitation,' and' ?nhera at Christmas alibis sunshine and flowers, than in' the far-oft'lind* wtiei'ei^n le»« the ' ' Tule-log 2 ia^burnirig in cheiet1 fiil contrast to iu'the'!'l!Bnow falling outside, as many perish from cold aB from Hunger. But were we selfish enough to prefer our own pleasure to the welfare of purVpoprf-r. fellow-creatures, I think few of us would not Bay.ChristmasiWptild.be more enjoyable: if spent in the distant countries with which -many among i'OurselYes are personally unacquainted. ? -Fdr|mo&t;'-af the stories we have read relative'to Tule-tide, most, of the pictures we haTe'Bee'n illustra tiyi'of it, abound with snow, frozen rivers, rotin; red- breasts, and blazing fires. .Long will .it be before the Australian; Christmas stories' exercise so great a charm upon their hearers - as ? 'the weird ? old- world ' tales that filled1 ' ;us ; with - a ' 'delightful -sen.se of ? awer; ilthiugh'' picnics,' 'boating-partieB,1, %Ha Wandering. 6i ' p'ebpiey''ambrig''cobl('ferff- ; gullieBi''and their strolting by jtnopnli^Kt witHin sight, ;'and/soiind','bf/ihe.';''' sad, sga wav_es''L.haye;i supplied many., i picturesque subjects to painters, portraying - .ChriatmaB Bcenes'beneatbtne giowing.ooutnern^uross thaf'is 'the J heavenly'; symbol ;of ''our re; demptibn'i 'Nor;lackwe 'greenery; emblem 'if ^giaclie'aBij iff.j6ur'$wh Biinny lahd,';witn Wh'ieh'to'ornament^p^dpprS.Vindpwsl'a^ pictures,at,vCK'ri8Jjn}M..'ii|.I;'r' r\\.\, ?l'.]-\l ..'jV' ' in'trp'duce'd.inty lEngfand'.f rbm ' Qe'r mati^lpf planting^figuratiyply^sp^'aiking^ nms-itrbe for the'enjp'ym'ent of childre^fiaa . reached .us , .at 'the : Antipodes, where fre; quently i may: be! laeen one laden with, i'ufantastic'. .fruit, ; interpersed with''a myriad of tiny;;lights, around its foot 'a number of articles too large to be b'Arne by*'itsbr!inches,and upon its summit a figure of,; Father Christmas, with' rubicund face, white hair and beard, and' snow- flaked! garmont's, just'as'if he had travelled byiballoon from some., wintry olime. Unlike the Germans,1 we draw- down our blinds, as do people in our1 parents' Home country, so that the outer world cannot gazeupon 6Ur domestic happiness, and our Christmas tiees only deligfit the eyes of those within our walls. ,', But in Fatheiland every tree is, 'visible' .to., 'the passer-by,' aiiice ' Che cu'r- tains and biinds do. not impede the view on Christinas Eve. and T-robablv the hearts of many weary wanderers have ached at the. contrast of their own dismal lives with the joyous home pictures they were witnessing. After all, I think our own more seemingly selfish1 custom is in reality the kinder. Small use in looking at bright scenes in which, one cannot participate. ..-. On the German: tree is .often; placed, instead of the figure of Santa Claus that of the Christ-child, together'!' with a babeina cradle and ; an angel holding a golden trumpet, the' whole being surmounted by a glittering star ; from, its branches hang gold and silver cones, glisteningjCrystals, and many knick-knacks, while it is radiant with coloured waxen tapers. Frequently images of Adam, and Eve are stationed at its'base, while a serpent ia twisted around its stem,- as : that .reptile is around the trunk of 'the' ukiyerse-tree, Tgdrasil,' cele-' b' rated in ;northernr ' my thology, and there is .also'' arranged, at its foot a little. stable with^ ...the, presentments of the Holy Trinity, an . . aas, ; .a ; couple, of ..oxen, .and a lamb : together with a boar, the last being«'i''Bacred:' to Odin; the- tree ??? god to' whom' the'con'es; also were'.a'aid'tO'belong.' A.' ? curious1 ° blending ' ' of ' the ' ' By njbpl's ' ' Of Christianity and .Paganism; 'In : j th'e Middle ; J$$nffibly[[fylfexe-l!,'tb$i''QyBr!yx .t_ living icreatw;e;,Jia\a!l^nQuii,io,;^6iiJteB^yA\ .pi \ Christmas Wd'OnjitsjEyeairanitniilB, Ij'ut, I morejifispecjally jcattle, , i knelt ^down .v and were endowed with power of speech while cocks crowed throughout the night and bees hummedimoro sweetly than was their wont, many insects assuming the appear-; anco of living jewels. Long before the institution, of the Christmas- tree, mention was made in Hindu mythology of a tree said to give to those who could touch it all they might desire and to be gleaming with gems and rich in life-preserving fruits. Christmas has always been considered a time of great rejoicing, and it was long celebrated with feasting, carols., wassail songs, games and dancing. In days of yore, the tables of the great in England were invariably furnished in a similar manner, of which the following is a des cription : ' The grim boar's head frowned on high, Crested with bays and rosemary, -.; . ?., ..- While round the merry wassail bowl, ' Garnished with ribbons, blithe did trowl, Then the huge sirloin reek'd ; hard by ; Plum-porridge stood, and Christmas-pie.*' All these with, in more modern days, a Few additional dishes, turkeys, geese, Hackin sausages, and puddings were 3erved at the same time ; . and wid gentle, and simple, employers and Servants, tenants and neighbours all partook of the meal together; the huge 3alt-cellar which formed the division at table, in feudal times, between lord and vassal, being removed during this festival svhen noisy, unrestrained mirth prevailed, ind terrible i ghost, witch, and hobgoblin stories, were told by the roaring log-fire^ Similar temporary abolition of distinction af ranks, in remembrance of the Golden Age of the world, was also observed by the Romans when celebrating their Saturnalia, in honour of Saturn for seven days from the 17th of December. About this time of the year the Saxons and other northern nations held a festival called Yule charac terised by religious rites and feasting in honour of Thor or Thunder (Jupiter), the ruler of 'the sky, whence Thursday (Thor's day) derives its name. And among the Greeks, Persians, Chinese, Mexicans and 3ome other nations, similar feasts in venera tion of different heathen deities prevailed. Gone are these eood old times : verv dis similar are our manners and customs, widely different is the Christmas climate inour. Australasian lands; yet still clings tofus'ithideeire that all should be as happy ^iposaitte at, this holy 8easbn.. . So we send out,frieriiiB messages of kindly greeting, aiicl delight -in hearing, of their enjoyment, and} , lip W;' Santa Claus'- (St. Nicholas) did ^ot'nejglect' to fill the stookinga of the con-: fiding. little ones who hang them up with implici£rfaith that the loving Old donor would not forget to place therein - Christ maa boxes,,. ' -,,' : . , ; ? ,. .; .', ? .Trusting; that to ? .every h' umanibeing'.it may, ,-he 'truly said, 'Your tongue :isuia t*ee7t)ojalife to your ] neighbour,'!, that all rn»#,);jjece'iye peace /of conscience through. tKe^,j«)u^ bei^g replete with love for Him ?mhp^enaHjVitywe are about to celebjratejand thftt.ipldi'and ypung, rich and, poor, high' ^i'jpwlypm^y^oiotain an abundance ,,pf spiritual, ifi.npt.jgf temporal, prosperity^ and^ao experience ?.., a .blessed Christmas^— Lyemain. truly, youra, ,'? .',.? '.. ',?..', ', \\\ ', ',',', ?'(. '' *' ..r.-'ir.,',-. .'?',.., '.'/{...I-, ;. , '.'?? AMICIZIA. ;-. 