OUR HOBART LETTER. |r«oji oua oivN coanKsroNiiKNT.'j' , Hoiiaiit, Tliursdiiy. Kowthut the holidays are over Hobart has resumed her usual business aspect, but still everything is particularly quiet, lit political circles there is very little stirring. Ministers nro nt their posts doubtless diligently following lip the ' work of tlio session, anil, its li result.' Ave should- seo considerable;, expenditure goiiig on presently in vnrious' parts of the colony, which will help to liinko tilings lively. . A'othing yet decided respecting the Agent- Generalship., despilo various rumors. It ii6w:sveiiis'ijiiile certain that neither Mr. Brown nor Sir. Brnddon are to have it, iiiitl all sorts of reports are about. . as to tlio coming inaii.i The member for Canterbury, Air. Hcnneker- ilealou. lias. I believe," otfefed his ser vices to the Government gratuitously, as he is nnxious to iiinku his. mark somehow in England,' niid is. hard up for a elinncc. Air. Jteuloa is an old Sydney press man, who ivns fortunate enough to marry n'lady. tolerably well endowed with this .world's, goods, but it is understood Hint there is n condition' she liiust reside in tlio colonics. However, that, is Air. Kenton's business. His frieud.nl court hero is Cnptniii Cootc, anil ho declares that itioiily-Mr-Henlon bo made Agent-General lie will spcwl no end of money in keeping IhcAinmoof Tnsniniiia before the world, This may bo all very well, but nsAlr Hcatoii knows . .'. -.11.. I'.'-n >r -: IIOIIIMIg U IlillO VIVaUUOb X»9MUIOU,.X > oil- , tare to'saytliat bcyoud mnkilig ii useless splash his agency would ho of little practical bciiclil to tho.colony. l am not a believer in honorary ''Services ' in 'nosi- tioas of this sort, and past preeedent s sustain niv opinion. Air .1. - A. Void is also sioken of as il likoly man. AVell,. this gentleman -was once in Tasmania, and has rendered us great service by ! sending out a lot of " cock" salmon ova, the progeny of which have, not yet made j their appearaiicu'; ,lio would probably make us giKHliiiiAgent-Geiieriiiniiil know lis imteh about his business ns would the ghost of Abel Jans Tasman. Joking apart, why on earth can't the , Ministry act like reasonable beings and appoint some respectable business man from tlio colony itself who knows its position nnil its wants mid can do us good anil real service.?.. , Js'it- thai lliey arc afraid to offend political parties, or anxious to spito. political rivals ? If so, ill .either case they arc until for the positions they ocotipy.' ' The appointment of a suitable Agent-General is a simple, matter of piiblie duly, and their business' is to select the best 'men t hey cnii find, ir respective of parly or political feeling, and without enring who may he pleased or offended. The manner in which they are dallying with this appointment is not creditable to them. J Here is a goou ueni ot contncting opinion respecting the new aspirant for puhlio, favor at t lie Theatre lloyal, Afrs. Dighy.AVilloughbv. The fuel is that this lady's style of tiding is somewhat new to live Tasnuiuiaii sluge, and our nudicnees nre lu'irdly experienced enough to distin guish its grace ami elegance. 'A'fien, again; Mrs. AVilloiighhy lius darcil' to produe'e' ii drama founded upon that iiaaghly \ynter, " Ouida " — lion t all the goixly- gopdics rail at nnil nblior Outdo, and is not fashionable Jfobnrt composed chiefly of professed goody-goodies ? By lboway,. it- lips always puzzled mo to know how. il is that all the goody-goodies arc nlwnys perfectly up in all the naughty points of all the naughty hooks, whilst lliey generally stumble over the most simple Scripture quotation. 1 suppose it would be rank sacrilege to say that lliey lind rend those books, because- wo all know tboy would not admit them into -their bouses, no, not nt any price. Still their peculiar intuition in such matters is one of tlio wonders of tlio age. So when social riueslions arise the goody-goodies can tell you exactly the ' names and localities of nil the iihnglily public- bouses, nnil describe precisely what goes on in tlicm.' If tlio question at issue be the social evil, tltey will give you the precise address of nil the brothels in town, nud direct the |>olieo to all the dark places of the city where wickedness abounds, sncli ns no i .......... ...i i , . i_.i ... I Of course, their immnciilnto purity coubi never be suspected of frequenting such places, but ns I said before, tlio fund of information they possess upon these sub jects, mid whom it springs from, nro to be classed among the wonders of the day. Anyway, they (lout liko 51>s Digb.y- ' 'Boughby. nud her Aicw -piny — is'nt it fashioned oil Onidn— ball ! I am, of course, a sinner, and my opinion not worth niiieli, still I like " tlio power of hnghmd. . .It is full of strikingly, di'nninlic incidents. anil deep contrasts, nail it is well nnil linnilsomely slugcii, considering the limited nature ot our thentrienl accessories. On the first night there were a few lutclies certainly; but. tlio' second repre sentation was a fair ouc.-niid f doubt not. as the piece is understood tlio general public will approve it. Tlio eoaipnnv. possess talent above the usual nverage, and I wish tlicm a successful senson. A very closely eontested rillo match was bred on Tuesday last, between teams often from I lie Tasmaninii llille Item- ment. mid the Olinnnel liiflc Club nt Little Oyster Cove. Tlicltille Jlegimcnt train was in charge of Cnpt. ltcid. ami the Channel men under Air. AV. 11. Belby. The distances were 2lX>, PK), ami 5IK) yards, anil jbc shooting was very good. Tlio rogimcnlnl train totalled up 810, nml the Channel men. 807. sb ;tlmt the win was by II points only, Tlio -bin. gest scores were oil behalf of the l-egi- ment staff, Scrgl. I.ovcll, 117; Lieut. 'C. l'enny. »J. On liehnlf of tlio Channel, C. Egnii, 91. The next highest scores were 80. and 87 respectively. The cricketers have so far got over lho: pecuniary difficulty that the match with tho Gentlemen of England 'hiis beeii ar-. ranged ' to conib off in Jnnunry, im mediately after thu mateli to bo played in Lmiitccstoii. Great arrangements nre being made by the Cricket Association, .and preliminary matches oil a grand scale nro to he played between whiles, so tluit tlio best- tram may bus selected y to do.; .-batllo 'for'. the eolony ngainst' tlio Englishmen. v I bear, however, that the public have not boon atall ' liberal ' with' thcir':snhseriplioiis, ami that the .Cricket Association, is run ning a great risk in; having this' nuitch nt all, hilt no doubt tliey will screw out a profit somehow. Being a bit of a iiovico in such mutters, X' fail- to' see; 'how tlio ffctith'iiivH of 'Englaittl; m- -tlio reire- .seiitalives of X'tiiglisli' V/caf /eiuen . 'coming across from Alcllioiiriio toplay-a fricinlly griiiio of criokct with their Tusiuaiiiaii fellow crickoters slibnld involve such n tremendous risk lisiis represented. If it was merely some: professional oriekclers coining across to niiike money liy the exhibition of their skill, one might miderstmul it, because ' tliey would no doubt want to he well paid for their services, hut' with i/culle-. men playing in a friendly way it ought to bo different.. If . tlio tiansaetioii is a inircly business - '.one, and not a mere 'rieiidly interiuilionnl trial of skill, then I say let tliose who enter into. tlio specu lation lake nil tlio risk, the public should hare, nothing to tlo with it. Our national piisiinies are all too fast degenerating into nierely commercial ntid gambling transactions, and it is high 'time they- were 'purified' Tor the sako of oiir iini.ive- youth. The depressed' condition' of affairs ill Hobnrl eaniiot ho better illustrated Hum by llie.fiiut tluit even tile, lawyers eoiild not nfford lo Inko their usual 'holi day the day after. Boxing Day. A num ber of tlio offices iveio open yesterday. I eun only hope lliey did a good busi ness. ... '. -, The ..anxiety felt in regard to tlic safely, of tlio s.s. Ifuon on Boxing jay appears to lmve been quite unfounded. A slight leakage in tliu boiler was tliu ex tent of it,: and this was rcpaired in a couple of hours cm The return of the steamer to town. Those wim forwarded tlin sensational 'telegrams Jinrii liiiicli to answer' for, audit is a pity tliey could not be cbnstiscd'ns they deserve. . Tlio AVnxirorks Exhibition to which. I referred in 1113- last, continues to draw largo lipiiibovs of spectators, and it is wbll worthy the. patronage bestowed on it. Perhaps Air. Kreitiiinycr muy bo iialueeil "to exhibit at Lntrobu oil iiis Iiomownrd roiiloto Vietoriu. To-day tho s.sl'XCoonyn made a trip -to .Englo llawk Keek, l'ort Arthur, . whieli, with fine weatlior, proved a very enjoy- able one. There was a' goodly number on board, -mid Till opimrtunity ivns afforded oE. inspecting Tasiiuui's, Areli, the .Blow Holo, tho Tossiilaled l'avenient and otlier plnecs of iiitorest. 