[The Trapezist’s “Mask.1 i-1'■ Fkom the French of A. Silvkstre. Sho was a wonderfully handsomo English woman, with .abundant golden hair of which tint nor dyo can give tlio match, and, ns who waa posed tellingly in her roj'al blue landau, drawn by a pair of horses more valuable than two-thirds of ,the~riding animals passing her, nobody could have suspected sho had been an acrobatic performer. Nevertheless (says my friend Jacques,. the know-all), Mrs. Cowley (Cowley ana Lamb, iron-mill owners of Mid* dlesbrougli) was originally the foremost trapeze performer in all creation, to quoto the pro grammes. None but those who saw her in the tights can understand the cunning perfection to which intelligent training can raise the femi nine figuro. Out,of ancient Greek marble forma come stalking, but out of Athlelica beauties of white steel leap triumphant. There is no muscular exaggeration in tho supple, strong frame, clastic after the utmost violence or most abrupt recoil, moving ns pre cisely as an automaton. The hands seemed rather a girl’s than a woman’s at tho cuds of faultless arms. Tho lower limbs beat any of tho famous Diana’s in ancient sculpture. Another marvel still were the shoulders of Miss Tigrora Bold,” rosy with amber gloss, — ttixm which cascaded a regular waterfall of golden tresses. Her master was known as her “Uncle” Zachary Boaston, a grave, thoughtful, stiff \ and' tactiturn man, always in black, liko’n minister, and given. to no weakness save a heavily fur-trimmed ulster in winter. Ho had, though, boon tho celebrated “Franco-Dutch Jester” in other days, and could make himsolf understood in nearly every city good for a pay ing house throughout tho' world. He had picked up La Tigrora in Mexico when quite young, with nobodyJlbolonging to her within rifle range, and had fashioned her into a •“'Champion Gymnasiarcliisto, still quoting his posters. Tho outsiders’ notion of acrobats being liter ally “ licked cubs ” was shown to bo stuff'by Tigrora not having a scratch or blomish or dent on her body; in fact, she ran a great deal more risk of being spoilt by his humoring her whims for dainties. Ho was only her manager and .second now, never clowning on or off tho stage, ami would trust hb one to “send” hor tho trapeze to which she was to make'from'nuothcr 44 tho As tounding Transit Aerian from Bar to Bar.” He also deigned, with an enso_ which amazed tho stage servants in one so quiet, to hurry up tliO' ponderous paraphernaliaJVtf articles with which sho executed hor “diverse feats of prowress and elegant strength.” Thus Uncle Zach and his so-called niece ap peared, anmmnced^by costly bills oh the dead walls and by real works of art in tho windows ; bills only less costly than their theatre direc tors had to pay for tlio biggest draw in Europe. But what contributed no little to augment public curiosity around tin* attractive Star of Midair was a yarn that tho terms of her con tract forbade her entering .matrimonial bonds till she,attained )ier thirtieth yoar. Sho had boon advertised at eighteen, “ scant,” these five years, by tho way. At all events, tlio noblo swells of London', tho Jockoy-clubbistsof Paris, tho dous, Bourse-kings, Kussian princes, tho Australian wool kings, rotired South Sea kidnappers, New Zealand mutton-magnates and everybody else, to the shop-boy in the gal lery who fancied she had looked him kind of kindly in tlio cyo as sho put up her hair oo quottiahly and coolly on reaching her elevation Trail tried their best and their worst. And she continued to answer no notes, accept no pre sents that entailed consequences, and con tinued to smile all round tlio circlo with piti less grace. But tho knowing ones guessod that Cupid was busy about so lovely a being. He piped a solo whon the band was hushed like tho house in that dread moment when Uncle Zachary would solemnly cry “ Go 1” The little rogue int'A suit of i. wings, Vquiver and bow ba • ..^1/racod himself on the bars smilingly held out his arms when ho did this trick of protend S TT”UU her catch. There was no room for a'poarding-scliool miss romantic longings in a person whoso animalistic tendencies were cul tivated above those immortally artistic. Boav ton wanted hor to bo content with' piling up her bank account, swelling her ctmrior’s bag with jewcllory to bursting, and enjoying the cream of fine jiving.' She might have a team of unicorns todrivejin a faithful production of Phnoton’s car, but a* lover—no, sir ! Besides, she made such a bungle of it by fall ing in love madly, genuinely, passionately, with tlio last man that hor guardian would have approved. Ono of his own trade, too— Tom Mavis, “tho Son of Moimis,” a tall, strong, bull- necked, plain-faced clown. Not a clown of the good old sort, to which Boaston had beon proved to belong, and'i was proud to recall among old circus-men, but tho modern torror—the athlete who jumps higher, shouts louder, .strikes the mipers harder and oftoner, kicks hardor, and altogether substituted force tbi comicality, “ He’s got into the wrong ring,” wan Mr. Boaston’* criticism on him ; “ he ought to have stopped into the P.Ji.” •Ho would have boou as dumbfounded to loarn that his treasure of boauty had a fancy for that, burly satyr,tas tlip ladies and gentlemen of Olympus wjion'thoCourt Circular reported, on the best authority, that 44 an alliancp haa been arranged between Mias Venus, daughter of Oceanus, and Mr. Vulcan, proprietor of tho CyclopsUronworks.” Tigrora' was so’jealous of Mr. Mavis that she even exercised tho full’of her wits to have Un cle Zach engage him to travel round with thorn, .under the pretext that he, Boaston, was so preternaturally stern and solemn that a c«unique would relieve'the show. In fact, if ! Mavis liad obly reciprocated hor setting ner cap at him and not been glaringly devoted to tho fair sox without"-any nico discrimination, ho might have relieved tho show indeed—and i of its sole attraction. 1 Well, as things stood thus,'the World’s De light came back to London. , There is an accursed 'spot in a leading West Bad thoroughfare where .hangings were com mon of yore. Every show has been tried there, and nothing ln'sts long. The succession of en terprises appearing and vanishing is like a magic-lantern slide of tho tempter* of St. An thony. Sacred Dioramas, trained birds, tho Converted Daymans, Jink’s Uniforms of tho Amazonian Annies, temperance drinks, &c;« Lastly, the cold, damp hall was rejuvenated by tho doomed thousands of an African diamond dealer, and the cynosure in tlio constellation of popular favorites was Miss .Bold. “She fetched a crowd, anyhow,” as hor manager Baid. The wonted ^hundred applauded the beaute ous human comet, shooting among tho galaxy pf gfta-jettt and Brush-lightH. Tha num ceased 7-^mqking in admiration, while tho ciguretto •vjvapor was thrilled by tho voluptuous omana y tions of that flowing Golden Fleece and pink, gold-broidered boots. Now, the charming acrobat was to exhibit her strength of jaw.’ Sho gracefully let herself filide head down, hor feet sinuously twined in the side ropes, nndl.hung from tho bar, sus taining, by a cord, a shining four-pounder. Calm and smiling mechanically, while await ing tho accurately-timed clockwork in tho broach to discharge the piece, Tigrora survey od tho multitude, around hor and bonoath her in verted oyes. Tjio stillness was oppressive to all but the heroine of the occasion. Suddonly, in tho grand mirror bohiud the bar of the firet tier, inclining like the plate glass of a Pepper Ghost Illusion, and, hence, reflecting what took place at a lower level, tho gymnast ospiod tho stalwart Mavis on the stagey into whose babboon face, bpite of its blue, enlarged mouth, oyes sidewise £>rolonged with black, and three-branched wig, a young, thin and,infatuate ballet girl (ready to come on in the next item of tho progtammo, but with no business there) .was gazing enthralled. .PTjje traitor,” she gasped. Her tootli, therefore, parted, and, just as the cannon belched forth fire and thunder, with the wish that tlio wad would remove Momus’ Son forever, and make the dansouso a veritable votvs no bally (as they say)—down the gun fell! A long outcry of hu.ror resounded. Every body rose a-tintoe to behold tho gory smash. On tho edge of the balconies they were jammed ton deep. Luckily, as is pretty usual, the people directly below tho net, marking the lino of tlio trapeze flight, had retired to the sides from prudence and to have a better view. »So tlio ordnance simply cut through tho meshes like a bee through a web, and crashed into tho floor. Out of the gap aroao a second series of screams and many oaths, and Tigrora saw from her perch, I in this hole lit tip by gas, a black figure appar ently smashed 11 at an a silhouette in paper. Alas ! the cannon released might have killed a dozen Mavises, and, cko, Boastons, or’uven one or two diamond dealers. But the victim was a veritable phmnix, tho ultra-wealthy and unco* pious Mr. Cowley, whoso London land investments alone outbalance the Queen’s at Conti’s. ^ The proprietor had expended a fund of scheming to got that immaculate magnate to ent< r secretly that abode of glitter and gaiety. And now that hanged woman had squelched tho capitalist, all but ensnared, with her hanged cannon ! Nevertheless, tho incident did not got out with destructive details in the press. In fact, Houston had boon induced by the diamond mer chant to “ put it to Miss Bold straight,” If she, in person appealing, could not witch the unfortunate Mr. Cowley to forgive them his smashed too, the Tyburnia Fantasias was doomed. Tigrora put on black, her seal mantle of in calculable^ price, carried her lace handkerchief (an imperial Austrian present) to her eyes, wore very little but solid jewelry, and bribed her way into Mr. Cowley’s presence. Sho came to bo spun and conquer. Thoy ,wero married by special license, and were soon on a continental tour. As for Tom Mavis, ho inspired no feel ing but scorn and hatred. And as for Undo Zacli, he is looking around for another model of femalo perfection, to train up in the way it should go. 