fptetitate. A FAIR CRUSADER. A STORY OF TO-DAY. Ry WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of 'The Phantom City,' 'Red Ryvicgton,' ' Two Pinches of Snuff,' *' The Old Factory,' &c;, &c;« ^Published by special arrangement ?with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIL — Something very Stbakge. Excited though George was, the bad taste of some parts of Lewin's letter did rot escape his attention ; but that troubled him little. ' It is only a criminal lawyer's letter,' was his mental comment. ?' What can you expect ?' Conroy was dying, and Evelyn would be free. These were facts, compared with wnicn everything eise sanK into merest insignificance. Yet when he had somewhat composed himself and considered the matter more calmly his satisfaction -was less complete than it had been at the first blush. He had not the least pity for Conroy, he looked on. him. — rather unreasonably — as his own personal enemy, one who had done him a cruel wrong, and whose death would remove an otherwise irremovable hindrance to the consummation of his hopes. If the 'villain,' as George always called nita in ins mind, naa died, at once, either of consumption, or any thing eke, he would not have wasted another thought on him ; bat to hear of a fellow- creature being stricken with a mortal malady and feel delighted thereat was not quite what it ought to ba. It fretted him. it seemed almost Ignoble, that he should be waiting for this con victed felon to die in order that he might step into his shoes ; and half an hour after he had received the news of Conroy's illness so exultingly he found himself wishing that he had heard nothing of it until the man waa actually dead. Then his satisfaction would have been without alloy. Should he tell Evelyn? That was the question which next presented Itself for ?consideration, he had pondered it for some time without being able to come to a decision on the point, when the door opened and Ali announced Mra. Minton, ' You are looking better, George,' she said, ' or rather not quite so ilL Do you feel so, and what says the doctor ??' 'Yes, you look batter,' she. went on after he had answered her questions, 'and I am glad you feel so. But you still look Tei y thoughtful and anxious as if — to speak, plainly — there was something on your anind. Bow I don't mean to say I am not curious — I might as well say that I am not a woman, or try to make you believe I am an angel — which no woman **?, icvmudio Bay wuoib biiey W1U, JxlL JjllQ jsame, I don't want to pry into your secrets —if you have any. But I do want to see you well, and it is sometimes a relief to open your mind to a friend. It might be a comfort to you. True, I am not like a man, and I know there are things that men don't like to confide even to their sistera. Tet in one respect at least I rise superior to my sex — I can keep a secret ; neither am 1 so easily shocked as most women are, or pretend to be. I know too well iow weak and foolish, and worse, men jean be,' ' You are as rough on our Bex as your ?own,' said George, who felt almost amused. 'lam a married woman,' said Mary grimly. George reflected. Why shouldn't he -confide in Mary ? Now that Conroy was .going to die there was no longer the same motive for absolute secrecy as there had been when his hope of marrying Evelyn seemed so very remote. To share his secret with somebody would be a comfort, and Mary was shrewd ; her counsel might be useful. Not thus would he have argued in the plenitude of his strength, bat now ? Yes, he would tell her. And he did — everything, ending by putting to her the question which, he had just put to hlm ielf. - ' I half guessed as much. Men gene sally do take love badly when they get to jour time of life ; but I did not think you could be so soft as to make yourself seriously ill about any woman. Poor old man,' said Mary compassionately. ' I have not made myself ill about a ?woman,' protested George, who did not find being called soffc and old particularly soothing to his feelings. ' I admit that I hare been extremely anxious, that Evelyn Ib very dear to me, but I deny that thla is the cause of my illness. If it were, how ?could a mutton chop make me feel so much better! Tell me that.' ' Well, well. You need not be angry, and I am Bure I have no right to reproach anybody with being soft, I am softness itself. And I will say this : — If you must marry, you could not give your love to anybody more worthy of it, or less likely to make you miserable, than Evelyn. Waters. It is certainly rather awkward that she is another man's wife ; but as you did not know it at first, I cannot blame you; and his death would simplify matters amazingly. But don't think to deceive me. Confess, now. It is this letter, much more than Dr. Mostyn's tonic, which has so miraculously restored your appetite.' 'I assure you, Mary,' exclaimed George indignantly, ' that late the chop before I read the letter. But never mind that. Shall I tell her 2 Thai is the pre eent question.' 'Certainly not.' ' Why ?' ?'Because there is nothing to be gained by agitating her mind — possibly en couraging her with false hopes,' Mary was going to say, but thinking better of it she refrained, 'You must remember that she has romantic notions of duty, and that this man is her husband, after all. How do you know that if she heard he was sick and in prison she would not think it her duty to visit him ?' '1 am sure she would do nothing of. the sort. The villain has no claim on her whatever, and I think I ought to tell her. However, there iB no .need to decide to-day. I will think about it. She must be very unhappy, poor soul ; and I have no right to keep back anything that might give her hope ? But never mind thatnow ? We are a pair of unfortunates, you and L I suppose you haven't heard any thing of Harold yet 2' ' What would you say if I told you that he had come back and is this moment at WUd Roses ?' ' 1 should say ? But you are joking ? You surely don't mean ? ' 'I do, though, 1 mean that my poor boy has returned to me.' (Here her eyes filled with tears). 'And I suppose you received him with open arms 1' 'Of course. Didn't I say just now that I am almoBt softer than you, and if you can tell me how anybody can be softer 1 shall be' very much obliged. There is only one thing I cannot forgive him.' ' ' Really. And what h that, pray 3' ' Nearly frightening me to death last night. He glided ha a ghost-like fashion across a glade of the forest as Lucy and I were driving home, and vanished, mys teriously among the trees ; and I have heard so many stories about people's wraiths and doubles appearing — or ap pearing to appear — to their relatives and friend at the tune of their deaths that I quite thought my worst forebodings were realised, and I had rather a bad time of it. But Lucy Pemberton, who is of a very practical turn of mind, persuaded me to take a walk in the forest this morning, and there I met him.' 'In the flesh?' 'Of course. What use would he be out of it ? Just fancy ! He had been staying at the Owl — that little inn, you know, not daring to show up.' 'At the Owl?' ' I know what you are thinking. But he does not drink a drop of anything stronger than tea — and won't — he has taken the pledge.' 'I am not given to be over sanguine,' continued Mary after a sbgrt pause, ' but I believe he will be staunch this time. I do indeed. He seems quite another man, and has actually brought back more money than he took away. What do you think of that ?' ' The deuce he has. But where has he been all this time ??' 'According to what he tells me — he has always a very vague recollection of what befalls him when he is on the loose — he fell in with a friend shortly after he took my money, a congenial spirit. I know hini ; he isn't an occasional drunkard like Harold, but a confirmed toper. Well, this man took him to dine at his clnb —you may Imagine how they dined. The next day they went to New market .and elsewhere, then to Liverpool races. What took place there I cannot make out. Harold thinks that he betted, and both won and lost money j but on the whole he must have won — considerably. Then there was a row ; unless I am mis taken, something like a free fight. Any how, several of them were taken into cus tody on a charge of being drunk and disorderly and assaulting the police.' ' Oh ! he remembers that, does he ?' *c He remembers the charge being read over to him next morning, when he had been sobered by a night in the police cells, and he had good cause to remember, for it was then that he did the most sensible thing in his life — I tell him the only sensible thing. The magistrate fined him five pounds and costs, in default of pay ment to go to prison for a month. When he heard this, Harold begged that he might not have the option of a fine. * If you let me go now,1 be said, ' I shall lose all my money and get into more trouble. Lock me up for a month, and the fit will be off. A month's imprisonment is just what I need, and less than I deserve ! The magistrate took him at his word and gave him a month, without the option of a fine. He says it did him all the good in him opportunity for reflection and repen tance, while the prison diet and discipline restored his body to its normal condition. When he went out he was taken in hand by some religious people — Crusaders, I think — I haven't got to know all from him yet, it comes out bit by bit. But one thing is clear, he is a changed man. He seems to be under the influence of a new set of motives. He says very little — only that with God's help he hopes never to touch drink again. He has never acted so before, does, not make excuses and talk about being a victim of dipsomania, or having two natures, as he used to do. That is what encourages me so much. I know what you will think ; I know what everybody will think. But don't tell me you have no faith in him, Wait till you see him, and then you will be able to iudge for yourself.1' It would have been cruel to dash Mary's new-born hopes by expressing the doubts which it was impossible not to entertain, eo George eaid that he hoped — felt almost sure, indeed— that her anticipations would be realised and Harold become all she could wish. On this Mary brightened up wonder fully. ?'He wants to see you and ask your forgiveness, bat is afraid that after what has happened you may not care to see him.' *' On the contrary, I shall be glad to eee him— on condition, however, that he says nothing about forgiveness,' answered George. ' If you forgive him, that is eurely enough, and it was your money he took, not mine.' ' Perhaps better wait until you come to Wild RoBeB. I do not think I should like him to come here. Yet if he could do you any good — professionally, I mean — 1 would bring him all the same. But now that you are getting better so nicely I don't think there is any need. Do you think you will carry out that idea we dis cussed the other day. Coming to Wild Roees, 1 mean. The Pembertons can give you pleasant rooms and put up your horses . You could have your own groom, too, and altogether you would be more in dependent, and, I should say, more at home than you are here.' ' I daresay you are quite right, Mary. And, yes, I think I should like it. But there are difficulties in the way.' «' What difficulties ?' 'They are all so very kind, Rufine particularly. She reads to me, and when Ali is not about gives me my medicine; anticipates my wishes, does everything she can for me, in fact.' ' No doubt. But for all that she is not sincere, George.' ' So you have said so before, and so I have thought. But really it has seemed to me the last few days that she is sincere. Anyhow, ehe is very kind, and 1 should not like to break with her openly. If I do go to Wild Roees, and I almost think I I had better; if 1 do go it muBt be managed.' ?' Managed ! What do yon mean ?' ' I mean that I should not like to tell Peter and Rufine that I was going to change my quarters. I would go first of all to the seaside — Brighton or Bourne mouth, or one of those places — and then write and say that, having decided to stay another year in England, I had taken rooms at Wild Roses fox the hunting season ; It would be more convenient to be where my horses are.' ' Well, George, yon have changed !' exclaimed Mary. 'As much for the worse as Harold has changed for the better,' she would have said if she had completed the sentence. 'I know it, Mary — 1 know it. I am becoming as infirm in purpose as I am weak in body. However, if I can eat a few more chops and sleep as I slept last night. . . . . It is very kind of you to come and see me, Mary. Your, visits always do me good. But you have not seen much of Harold yet, and if you would rather stay with him to morrow ? ' ' Very well, I will stay with him to morrow. You are better, and as Rufine is so kind and so faithful you can do without me, at any rate for a few days.' George had spoken without arriere pensee. but Mary, irritated by his absurd fear of offending Rufine (as she deemed it), chose to see in the -observation a hint that her visits were more frequent than welcome ; while he, a little huffed in turn, and unequal to the exertion of a long talk, made no effort to put her right. So it came to pass that sister and brother, for the first time in their lives, took cold leave of each other. ' He is quite under that woman's thumb,' said Mary to herself as she went away. ' He will not be able to call his soul his own soon. The idea of George Brandon, who used not to care a button for anybody, not daring to change his quarters without resorting to a subterfuge. And when it comes to the point he will not leave, or if he does he will let her go with him. But what can one do — where find an antidote for the bane ? Miss Waters 5 I£ that wretched husband of hers would only get done with his dying we should soon upset Mrs. Peter's apple cart. Well, I must hope for the best.' As it happened she did not see Rufine — probably because Rufine did not want to see her — perhaps fortunately, as Harold suggested when she got home. 'You might have had words,' he said. 'I think that is very likely*' was Mary's answer. ' At any rate if we had met as I was going away. 1 did not feel hi the best of tempers just then. Yes, it is perhaps as well I did not see her. And I shall be in no hurry to go again. There will be no need. If Conroy dies, and he is in a fair way for it, I jthink George will be sure to get better.' ' In the other event ?' ' That would be awful. I think it would kill him.' For three days Mary was as good as her word, but on the fourth she began to waver, and her mind was ill at ease. George had said nothing at which she had a right to take offence, and though, he could not muster up courage to leave Fair mead, that was no reason why she should keep away from him, or act as if ' out of sight were out of mind.' He was better, of course, for no news is good news, and she had not heard a word since she was last at The Cottage. All the same, it would be more satisfactory to see him, and to know that he really was better. On the fifth day, anxiety and suspense utterly van quishing her wavering resolution, she asked Lucy Pemberton to drive her once more across the forest to Fairmead. On the way thither they met Ned, riding Cock Robin. 'Well met,', said the young fellow. ' I was coming for you.' ' You don't mean that — that — 'gasped Mary, with a sickening sense of apprehen sion that almost deprived her of the power of utterance. ' No, no. George is not dead. Bat he is worse, and unless something i3 done, I fear he soon will be.' ' What can be done ?' What do you think should be done ?'J ' Well, I don't think Dr. Mostyn quite understands the case. Indeed he admits as much, and I want to have somebody down from London. Mrs. Brandon pro poses to dismiss Mostyn and call in Sand ford. But that would do no good what ever. Sandford is an old duffer, and Mrs. Brandon and I have had words, to put it plainly, something like a quarrel, and as my father shallies about it, and evidently shrinks from the responsibility of a decision, I thought I would get you to come over again. You are quite as much entitled to have your say as Mrs. Brandon.' 'Of course I am. And look here. My husband is the cleverest doctor I know ; if it had not been for his unhappy propensity he would now be one of the most rising medical men in London. But he is all right now. [Do you think Mostyn would meet him in consultation ?' 'I am sure he would. He said only yesterday that he should like us to call in somebody else, I dare say though, Mrs. Brandon will have something to say.' ' Never mind Mrs. Brandon. Com pared with my brother's life, her wishes don't weigh a feather in the balance. Now, look here, Ned, I will go straight on to your house and see George while you ride round by Dr. Mostyn's surgery and ask him to make an appointment to meet your Uncle Harold later on. Then you -will perhaps be good enough to take a cab and. fetch him. Leave me to deal with your stepmother. I take all the responsibility. Will you ?' 'Certainly,' Aunt Mary. I will take the near cut by the Green Ride, see Mostyn, order the cab, then gallop over to Wild RoEes to apprise Uncle Harold, and unless I am much mistaken you will have both doctors at The Cottage in less than two hours. With that Ned turned his horse round, jumped him over the ditch by the road side, doubled a promontory of beech trees, and the next moment was lost to view, 'Give Flirt a touch of the whip, Lucy, dear.' said Mary. ' If we would save poor George's life, we have no time to lose. There is something very strange in all this.' Chapter XXVIII. — Puzzled. George was in his sitting-room, which adjoined his bedroom. He lay on a sofa, wrapped in an Indian dressing-gown. Though now so weak that he could not move without help, he absolutely refused to remain in bed. Mary had been painfully surprised by the change in his looks the previous week, but the further change which a few more days had wrought simply appalled her. His pinched nose, hollow and hectic cheeks, and large lustrous eyes, gave him the appearance of a person far gone in consumption ; and, worst sign of all, his voice was falling; he could raise it little above a whisper. In the room with him were Rufine and Ali. The Indian's face was fixed and stern, and there was an expression in those strange eyes of his that Mary had never seen before, an expression half furtive, half- wistful, as if he were both thinking deeply and watching keenly at the same time. He stood at the foot of his master's couch, like a soldier on guard, and except for the movement of hie eves and his salaam to Mary as she entered, as still as a statue. Rufine, too, looked different from usual. Her face wore a look of anxiety and apprehension, and the dark lines nnder her eyes showed that she had either been sleeping badly or suffering from headache. ? When Mary came in she rose and greeted her sister-in-law with seeming cordiality. 'George has just been saving that he thought you had forgotten him,' she said. Simple words and quietly spoken, but there was a bitter meaning in them, and as Mary kissed her brother a hot tear fell on Mb cheek. For five days and for a paltry motive she had left Mm in sole charge of a woman whom she had always hated, and a foreign servant whom she had latterly begun to distrust, and George was doubtless even now contrasting her neglect with Rufine's devotion. ' I am so sorry,' she murmured. ' I felt quite sure you were better, or I would have come again the next day. I had no idea ? . We expected you would be over at Wild Roses before this. You have had a relapse.' 'I don't know about a relapse. I began to be worse again the day after you were here, and I think I have got worse everBince. I cannot eat. I take nothing but brandy and beef tea, and my nights are so bad that Mostyn has had to give me morphine.' Another bad sign. Mary knew that when doctors presciibe brandy, beef tea, and morphine they are getting to the end of their resources, probably making a last desperate effort to prolong life on the off chance of effecting a cure. ' I suffer most at nights,' went on George faintly, ' * I have horrible dreams, wake screaming and bathed in perspira tion. If I had been a drinking man I should almost think I had got del. tre.' 'Harold is coming to see you — pro- fessionally, I mean. He will perhaps be able io do you good. You have no objec tion, I suppose,' she whispered, taking his hand. 'To the good?' he answered with a wan smile. ' Of course not. Let him come, by all means. I want to get better — must get better — and see her.' ' Have you had any more news ?' ' This morning. Conroy is worse — dying.' ' What a strange dispensation it would be,' thought Mary, 'if the man to whom Evelyn is married and the man whom she loves should die at the same time or within a few days of each other.' For she could not conceal from heraelE that George was in a very bad way. Here waB no case of disappointed love, and she blamed herself for having entertained so absurd an idea. The cause of the trouble was obviously physical. She feared there was some deep seated organic disease, and awaited her husband's verdict with intense anxiety. His forte was diagnosis, and she knew he would tell her the truth. She wanted to say something cheerful, but the words of hope she tried to speak seemed to stick in her throat. Fortu nately George did nofe appear inclined for conversation. Talking wearied him, and he wanted nothing more than to lie quiet with Mary's hand in his. After a while Rufine, who had heard nothing of their conversation, rose from her chair, and coming to the sofa asked George whether she could do anything for him, and on receiving a negative answer, left the room. Mary followed her. ' You find him worse,' said. Rufine, when they were outside. ' Very much.' 'If 1 had been listened to he would have been better. You should have sent for Sandford. I said from the first that Mostyn did not understand the case. His treatment is quite wrong, and if it Is con tinued George will die.' 'I don't agree with your estimate either of Sandford or Mostyn. However, Harold will be here shortly. I have arranged for him to hold a consultation with Mostyn.' 'You have. I think yon might have spoken to me before taking such a step. It was the least you could do. Remember, George is my guest.' ' But he is my brother.' '.' Yes ; and you have not been near him for five days.' Mary bent her head — the reproach was merited. ' I thought he was better,' was all she could say. ' You might have taken steps to make sure. However, l6t your husband come. I am sure I have no objection. He waa once supposed to be clever I believe ; but if he succeeds in curing George I shall be very much surprised. Aurevoir. I must go to my little boy. He is suffering from a bad cold.' Mary returned to the sick room with a sense of humiliation. This time, at least, Rufine had got the better of her. Ali still remained in the same statu esque attitude, but after Ruiine's depar ture the sternness cf his features some what relaxed, and when the clock struck 4 he intimated that it was time for the sahib to take his medicine, and gave him a dose from a graduated bottle which stood on the mantelpiece. This left the bottle about two-thirds full, and Mary noticed that Ali furtively counted with his finger the number of lines above the top of the liquid, a mysterious proceeding, tbe meaning of which she tried in vain to fathom. George spoke only occasionally, lying, for the most part, with closed eyes. 'I am best quiet,' he said, 'talking tires me, and the mere effort to think or sustain a conversation makes my head go round, and I feel as if I were in a dream. ' After an interval, which, in Mary's excited state, appeared intolerably long, the sound of wheels was heard in the avenue. ' They are here,' she said, going to the window, ' Mostyn and Harold.' A few minutes later they appeared on the scene, followed by Ru≠, who seemed disposed to stay and take part in the consultation, and it was only when Mary suggested that they had better leave the doctors to themselves that she made a move. ' Where will you go ?' she asked abruptly. ' I suppose, like me, you are anxious to know what they have to say. 'Very. I will go where you like. ' *' Come into the nursery, then. They will have to pass that way, and we can in tercept them as they go past. I want you to tell me what you think about my child. You also are a mother.' Mary did not think there was much the matter with little George, nothing more serious than a slight cold and a touch of fever, but if it had been the plague Rufine could hardly have shown greater con cern. Mary recommended a pack, to be followed up with a dose of magnesia. ' ' You think that will do him good ?' 'I am sure.' ' Will you help me ? It is rather a delicate operation, packing a little child. I never did it before.' Rufine, who a few minutes before had been cold and sneering, was now all ten derness. As she caressed her child her face so softened with motherly lore that she looked like another woman, and she thanked her sister-in-law gracefully and earnestly for her help. 'I have been mistaken in her,' thought Mary. 'She has a heart after all. It is, as George said, a good mother cannot be a bad woman,' By the time the boy was comfortably enveloped in his pack the sound of foot steps in the corridor told them that the consultation was over, and the two women* leaving the nursery, followed the doctors downstairs, Rufine appearing, if possible, more anxious than Mary to hear what they had to say. Minton, as the senior, answered their questions. ?' George Is very ill,' he said gravely, ' there can be no two opinions about that, and the cause is decidedly obscure ; there are symptoms that differentiate his illness from any which either Dr. Mostyn or my Eelf have seen before. It is no ordinary case, and I need hardly say a very anxious one. I fully approve of Dr. Mostyn's treatment, he has done everything that could be done' (here Rufine smiled sar castically) ; 'he has done everything that could be done, but we have decided to try something else.' 'By way of experiment?' asked Rufine. 'The treatment of an obscure disease must always be more or less in the nature of an experiment. Dr, Mostyn will go at once to his surgery and prepare another mixture, which Ali must fetch. I shall stay and watch our patient for an hour or two — our examination has been rather brief. Dr. Mostyn will make another visit this evening, and I shall be here again in the morning.' ' Do you think there is any immediate danger?' enquired May addressing Mostyn. ' Not immediate. Mr. Brandon has a wonderful constitution, and we still hope for the best. But unless there is a decided change within the next day or two I fear — ' ' I understand. You fear the worst.' Later in the evening, after seeing George take the first dose of his new medi cine, Minton drove home with his wife and Lucy Pemberton. They were hardly under way when Mary began to question him. ' Now tell me the truth, Harold ; the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I know you doctors never do so if you can possibly help it. But try for once, if only out of pity for me. Will my brother get better ?' ' That is more than I am able to say. I profess medicine, not prophecy. And as I said, the disease is very obscure. I have not only never seen, I have never read of anything exactly like it before. But I am very much afraid that unless the new treatment we are trying produces a marked change, George will — not get better.' 'It is a new treatment, not merely a modification of the old ?' 'Quite. The old was quite right, according to theory, but as it has pro duced no positive result — though Mostyn Bays there was a decided rally and recovery of strength last week — we were bound to try something else.' ' When should the marked change you speak of begin to show ?' ' In twenty-four hours or less.' ' Then by to- morrow night at this time we shall know whether he will live or die ?' l( I would not go so far as to say that,' said Harold cautiously. *' While there is life there is hope, is not merely a popular saying. It embodies a truth which physicians themselves too often forget, and I perhaps went too far just now. There is nothing organically wrong with George. I never saw a sounder man. He has really no business to be ill, much less to die.' But Mary refused to be comforted. Less sanguine than her husband, she looked on George's recovery as almost past hoping for, and bending her head, wept long and silently. When they got home Lucy Pemberton wrote a letter to Evelyn Waters, in which, after mentioning several other matters, she added in the Inevitable postscrip tion— 'You will be sorry to hear that Mr. Brandon, who a few days ago (as I In formed you at the tune) seemed to be in a fair way for recovery, is very much worse, and it is doubtful whether he will get better.' (To be continued.) o ? 