A BAD BOY'S DIARY. THE SURPRISE PARTY. PAPA wanted to send me off to school, but mamma sade, "No, he'll be sent back, wot's the use ?" coz the citizens wanted me to love the place. The nice young citty foller wet broke his leg, he is abul to be out, witch I am very sorry for, cos I shel miss the good things my sisters sent him to eto. It makes my mouth wetter to recko let them. Roverend Mr. Sloeum might as well hang his harp on a wilo tree, for Betty she told me last night. confidenshal that Bess was dead in love with the citty chap, an' Betty is a. good judge-she know, how it is her self; she has a red- hedded bow who. looks like one o' those punkins with a. candel inside witch I friten her with on dark nites. I should not think she would be fritoned, they are the perfick immidgo of her bow. Mr. Jennings, whoso leg is got well, ho called to see my sister Bens last evenin'; he said he must go back to town tomoro, but he wood come ngano. Bess whispered to mc it was my bed time, so 1 said, " Good-bye, Mr. Jen nings," and went out as quiet as a lamb, but I crep back into the front parlor, witch was in darkness, an' lay down on the sofy coz I was wide awake as a hawk, an' Bess slhe says; "Do, Mr. Jennings, stay til Fri day; there's going to be a sirprso party on Thursday nito, and we can't get along without you. I would'ntt have little Geordio here about it for the wurld-he'd do some mischief, I'm afrade-thlat's the reason I did'nt tell you til he was gone to bed ; it's goin' to be to Judge Bell's; we'll have a luvly time." So he said he'd stay to plezoe er, an' he squeezed her hand like it was an orange. It must be true wot Betty says, they will make a match. I wanted to fire a marbel at 'om, but I thot Ido better not so's Sue wouldn't kno Ido heard about the sirprise party, an' I lay lo. iHoasked her was she engaged to Iltr. Slocum. She said she wouldn't marry him if he was the last man, she wasn't good enuff to be a ministor's wife. Then he asked her was she good onuff to be his wife. I don't kno what she sade, she spoke so lo, but he most ct her up like she was sugar, an' I fell aslepe. All was dark wen I awoke, so I went up as soft as anything, but tho stairs creaked, and papa lio rushed out and fired his pistol. The ball took oph a little peace of my rite ear, an' made me fall down stairs, so papa was certain lie had killed the burglar, an' he got a lamp. an' Sue an' Bess locked their door and scromed inside, and he an' ina:nma come down were I was all curled up at the foot, an' she said : "Oh, Lord, it's dore little Georgio I Oh, my sui, my sun !" Papa he groaned like he was hurted. Mamma she saw the blood on my face, an' said: "He's killed." But I was only wounded, like I was a soldyer, and Ijumped up and'sado I wasn't hurt; then mainmma had a fit of highsterics. Such a time ! My ear was wrapped in cotton, and I vwas put to bed when it was getting dalite. I had my brekfust brot iup by Butty, but I didn't let on about the sirpriso oven to her. Mamma she crido some more wen she came up tosee me. ' I tezed her to let me get up. Wen I was dressed, I slipped out uiiboknono, an' went over to Juge Bell's an' asked for Miss Anna, an' told her thare was a big party comin to her hoiise that night,' so she must be surprised as ever was. She Inffed, an' said she wood-she was glad I toleher, cos showoodn't let her krimps out now till evenin, an' she put the piller-shams on, and have the girl sweep under the beds. Then I went an' 'ast ole Miss. Tucker, who goes by the day, to'dom6rn. an Johnny Gill, who'tends the rale:. rode switch with' one leg, and wide Rlobihi, who whitewashesour kichemi. and the two Green girls who work at tailoring-O.a lot of folkes like it says in' the Nu Testament to ask wovn you give a party-which they was delitod, and promised to go, and not say a word all day. My peplo that'I invitod all went urly. They were all tharo before other folks came, an'Juge Bell thought' it was a sell, because oe was up fto offis, and Miss Anna she was that in?ad she put on her bonnit and went away. So tIhe sirprise party took thare cike an creme an music an come uvrur to our house, where they had a very nice time. * Papa was awful sorry, cause the juge an he was fi'ieUds. IHu wondeCed who did it.. But I thot wot i pity those- por people veant away without cairst'o r madwitlches like e hlad]! I' gess sotnebud'V tole hli Georvgie did it. for hie lookcd at me s, sh::rp I that I wood go out in the back'yard and see if the maon had set. There was a strange cat come in the v:ard. It was a white and black cat. I said, Kitty. kitty, kitty '" but it run away. There was an awful owder, so I cnouidn't stand it, andl went in. Tice falkes were. ii, tle dioingroon havin' their refre-snment, so, I went inl thare, 3'hey set up a dredful lhu and cry like I was a wild beste. " O. go anay ! go aitay ' The ladies put their handkerchers to th:lre faces as if they bad the toothake. Papa trahcbi me by the shoilder and took me out to the stable, an set me down on some hay, and tole me to stay right thare till the. party was over. It was offal mecne. I could here the music plaing, and I hadn't anly sup per; it was cold and dark in thare, an such a smell, 1 almost dide. Betty she come o?ut thare after a wile with a lot'of rake. - It was moon lite wen she opened the door; so I saw who 'twas. "Betty dere I'm here," sade I overjoid to see her. '" Oh," sade she, " I could find you if it was evert so'dark: Georgie by my nose..' an she laffed fir ro split. But I didn't get-mad; coe ir -as' so thot ful of her to bring p:e :.,.lethiu to etc in that drery place. I asked her wood w:,,v sta with me, but she was too hi;::'. She sade she'd bring out my iiul . close as soan as ever she got time. In about half an hour she brat them out, an tole me when I had,put thenm on I mite come tothe house. Betty is a exlunt girl, I prise her hily. I got back t little while before the company went away. "You musu'n unmake frens with strange cats, Georgie." sade Dr..Moore. They all ezed me. Mr. lJennings he, wanted to kno if I 'lenntd lIIV handkerehiuf with E.s hbokay ? But papa spoke sternly. " Georgie," sade lie, " did you tell tihht riff-r::ff to go to George Bell's ?" Gust then, before I could answer, thrie was a fereful racket outside ole tin pans an drums an horns and whissels enuff to nmakeyouidef for life. Erry eve turned on me as if I was the gilty culprit. " What's up, now ?" groaned mamma. For once littlu Georgie's ecinshunce was free. "I doin't kno, nsamnia, I gess its. tine callythumpiaFns,.don't you ?" TYou see, dere liry, I had tole a few fellers rotuid the depot they'd get ea:ke and cider if they went to .Tugu Bell's an saranaded the Sirprise Party, witch they had found out it was to our house an come here. You never hearn such a bedlnm as they made-thare was about thre duzen of 'cut. If Ile knone the party was to be at our house I wnodn't invited 'mrn Dr. Moore went out to quiet the krowd, wich gust houled an yelled like demons, so he came in with his fingers in his eres. "You will have to treat them," he said; "to get rid of them." Mamma went to get them o:ine cake, the Sirprise Party had et it all up, there wasn't time to bake enny that nite, so one chap throwed a stone rite thru the parlor wiiidow-the noise got worse-1 was .s, sorry I had said enny thing to those lo fellows about the saranade. Then Bess sad thare was a bigg fruit cake for Thanksiri',g is the store room. she wood get thiat; so papa sent it out with a lot of, sider and his respeks witch they et up nn then give "tthre cheers for little Georguie" an hollered they wonuidn't go away till little Georgice made 'era a speehu. I was fereful fritei;ed.l Plpa said: " You're got us inuto the serape, my b6y-you're got to get.us out of it." So Dr. Moore he put imo on his shoulder a' took me'out. I xpectI was pale, but wen they set up a l.affiL anrd screeching I got indignant, soaI spole up real loud and sadoe:, "Fello citizens"-like I'd heard papa at the hall-" we've had 2 unex pected visitors to our Sirpriso Party to nite. One come into the bakyard- it was a skunk: tuther come into the. frontyard-it was the Callythumpians. Idor'f tknow witch uI like the best." "Yoit'll make a stumip:speker some day, my sun," sad my faith?er vqn thiey had gone as qit as jams',ad he lamed somuch ie liot Vfvr heanl algry with' me about the affhire buit mr best close are ruined, they are burrind in th' ,yarden, I "'iinnot go to Suinday skool flomioio'; I'm sorry 'for I pro misq.id fary iarfliks I'd briig ht'i tmy knife if hi d bring the iogy rubber lizord his aunht gave him, I wiantedto friten Betty. . • , ress belongs to an arclery club itt our iflage. bhe took her bowa an arrow out, so as to sheotnit the coun try ; lier there areclt ,ls of room .hen she, was ttred of:it .ie.ai' the othor boy :se blorrow:ed.it. 'Be?& lt ~us hurve i~t if we woe ' o'd shobbot ted the lhoidse, or at any living tling.. We weilt in tle paisture; and ,Fe putup,'a .qosep'per nit a big tzee forl gt A e th0 e lpa g cotus th leykp awalkin about, iap musg ery time .we took atne .at the ,noosepalper they ko'?l'd frilr tlieirt'tles ",t;d-"?.lk" spoly, past, w t ro treleie .uleys s promenaid but tihat. aEinally one- o' them arrowo'' hit the fathers ist JAl darniy, cwu strate mii thB eepis, t j ust la'dc d.o.~p, kicked once, 7 ,i'i,g6ivu p th ghost. I'm 'frad, when te cosp. d';it go tdo thbe lhurniard to get usillied,'his fathei, sill not thinlk Geurgo 1.tlacett is sduch ,a polite little fellio .but I'did nt meano to-?no; idede! I did not umn at a smnglethintt btut the nooso p per and if ethalt f,il co, w9hlli keiip wralking past "vlhose faul wa, oit-hers or ?i ?li' --,. . . Every, door openhig ... ith has been ~ri.>, . . Wherever We go. soriie onehaa i,; a t i-re before us. oirwardly. 'An i,, .eh; ni uiandier 'was icsttmed ti say, as he saw a younger ,tti-erdodaie: his head at the whistle of a bullet, * Yoei foolish fellow, you'l dodFge righti, tbs the .-i of a baUett." Anmerican Co's Iop Bitters are the Purest and Beat Bitters Ever ,]ade. They ar"e 'cdpounded from Hops, Malt. lin'hu 'tfandrae,. and Dandclion,-the olrdst, best. and most valuable medicines in the world. ndl contain all the 'lest and nmes. curative propertics of all other remedies, being the greatest Blood Purifier, Liver liegrulator, and Life and Health Restoring Agent :n earth. They gire new life and vigor to the aged and infirm. To all. whose employments cause irregularity of the bowels, or urinary crgans, or who require an Appetizer, Tonic and mild Stimulant, American Co's Hlop Bitters are invaluable, being higllycurantie, tonic and stimulating without intosxicating. No matter whatyour feelings or sympt oms are, what the disease orailment, is, use ITop Hitters. Don't wait until you ate sick, bh. if you onily feel bad or 'tiiserable, use Hop Bitters at once. It may save, your life. Hludireds 'have been saved, by, so,doing. .500 will be paid for a ecase they will on' tire or help. 