GREAT BRITAIN. A restaurant has been opeued in London for tbo exclusive patronngo of peoplo who arc afflicted with corpulence, the food boingeutircly anti-fat. Lord Wolselcy has written a letter asking British employers to givo proferonco to mem bers of tlio reserve and to discharged soldiers whon choosing their employers. In London a rack of trained wolves aro See. lighting tho little folks by doing tricks such as are taught to performing dogs. In Paris a lot of cats aro doing much the samo tricks at tho Winter Circu9. An Englishman has this season raised and harvested tho first crop of tobacco ever raised in England, The Government insists that he must pay duty on it the same as if tho tobacco were importou. The London Telegraph finds 113 out of 550 Peers worthy to sit in Westminster. The balance are black sheep, and they are hope lessly eccentric or congenitally. stupid. Tbo Telegraph suggoets that tho Peers pick out a small minority and let them do tbe legislating for the crowd, and thereby' remove a genuine obstacle to real Irish reform. ' The Arm j and .Vary Gazette loams on good authority of a radical defect in all the ships of the Admiral class. The hoary sopor- structures of these vessels are not thoroughly socured to tho body of thevessol, and during the possago of oue of thorn from tbo port of iustructlons to the naval dock yard; whenover alio rolled her superstruclive actually moved independent ol the hulL In connection with notices regarding tbe death of Mr. Thomas Routledge, the introducer oi esparto grass for paper making, tho editor of the Paper Record writes i— " Readers may bo interested in knowing that his discovery, great as it was, has boon greatly overshadowed by the astounding development during the paa't 10 years in tho usage of wood for tho same purpose. A growing tree is now often cut down, made into paper, and turned out as a nowspaper in 36 hours— a feat, I think, ae worthy to be chronicled as any performed by the ancient necromauccrs, from Moses down to Michael Scott." An attempt has been made to uomonslrato that the great wall of China docs not exist, and never has existed. In a letter to the Standard Mr. William Simpson, an artist, explains that ho has actually eeen and sketuhed part oi the Great Wull, aud that it is, in fact, all our fancy paiutod it —i.e., " about 20 feel high aud 15 feet wide on the top, with square towers every 200 or 300 yards. A drawing from Mr. Simpson's sketch, to be found in tho lllus- Irulid Louden .Yuri of 1st February, 1873, shows tho great wall and its towers crossing a range of hills and running up and down thoir sides iu tho most satisfactory manner possible. _ Father Ignatius tells tho followiug 6tory :— Not very long ago a nobleman in llelgravia, as bo was passing from his door to his earriago, encountered a sweep who had been sweeping bis chimneys, and tbo sweep bad tbo courage to look up and say, " Havo you the wealth of Christ's salvation >" Two mouths later tho nobleman waa dying, and bo sent for this sweep, and from him received tbeknowledgo of God by tho power of tho Holy Ghost. Tho nobleman wept for joy, and as lio died fell asleep in the Ark of the Corcuuut, possessed of Lfio uuse»chablo riches of Christ. This, said Fathor Ignatius, was a perfectly truo story, aud he had related it as an illustration beoauso ho wanted to bring homo to their hearts the povorty.ol the world. i'uck, an American journal, writes : — "Ire- laud lives only through England's pride, nud courage pnd military sUili. II England had not fought for hereell and for her own on 100 batllo fields Ireland would bo tho help',,' dependency of somo continental power : J1 men to-day talk of 'tyranny.' What i equitablo, oven indulgent, Government England to the despotism which Au-lrh n Russia has oxorciscd over tho nations have conquered ? Let tbo disaffected Irishm.J ask this question in Lombardy or in P0& Ireland belongs to Englaud. The Irish more right to ask for recognition a" an ia0 pendent nation than our Indians have to Jt up a Government for themsolves on the hell that nre our property. Tho memory of histm runs not to tho time whon Ireland had J Government sufficiently strong or snmnb-.i stable to irako her respected among the nrtiona of the earth. When tho Irishman talks of hk lost freedom he recalls only tho system cf slavery under tho reign of barbarian khie " Tho following story, the absolute correct ness of which is vouched for, aPPMrB Welsh newspapers, boon after the anncun incut that logs from timber felled by Mr Glad" stone could bo obtained from tho steward cf Hawarden at specified rates, it entered i«, the livoly imagination of a smart officer el Inland Revenue that tho right hon. gentlenisn and his son having opened a business with ha British people, it was desirable that the in come-tax derived by Her Majesty from such operations uudor Schedule D should be placed beyond possibility of loss. Accordingly a re- quest was forwarded In tho terms ol the IrtA advertisement to the steward of Hawsrdcu for a3s. and 6d. log;. Iho ordor was executed with promptitude and despatch, thus establishing tho btna-fide oharacter of the business Tho next move on tho part of tho Somerset l!ou«o functionary was to forward tho usual form for "declaration of income arising from trade" to tho unsuspecting ox- Promicr. The conse quences are unknown, but wo believe the form has not yet been returned lo the income Tax authorities. 