Mallee Rolling. By "COCKIE." From experience I find there is nothing like cutting the mallee with the axe during winter. This costs from 6s. to 7s per acre. Large mallee would be more, and thin scrub less. It should be cut level with the ground and then the plough usually passes over without difficulty. Rolling down is worth on the average 5s. 6d. per acre. Ten good bullocks will take a medium-size roller, but twelve are better, as they have not to strain themselves much. When rolling mallee of a large size, it pays to send a man in front giving the larger ones a nick or two. Let the chop be given the opposite side of the way the team is travelling. If you cut facing the oxen, the pole usually splits 1ft. from the ground, which must be cut off before being ploughed. By cutting on the off side of the approaching team the mallee pole goes down easily and almost close to the incision made. Some poles will break off too high for the plough ; these must be axed off. in some cases there are a large number of suckers around the parent mallee, these will rise be- hind the roller bruised but not killed nor broken off ; these also will need the axe. The cost of cutting these suckers and splitted poles will, with rolling, make it as expensive as the hand cut, and generally more. However there is this advantage in favour of the roller, if you roll in the winter months or in early spring you roll out a large number of roots, for which you will fell thankful when ploughing. Moreover, the roller shakes and considerably knocks about the stumps not extracted, so that many will sicken, and half give up the ghost. if my team is up to the work, I hope to roll down very early, and if possible, burn off m November, and piough at once, so as to allow the land to get the hot sun during summer, and thereby sweeten it. This will, I am conscious, re ay the cost of cutting the sprouts next May by the extra crop to be expected from the fallowed land. I have no doubt the mallee will need raking together and coaxing to burn in November, but I think it will pay. If the farm is near a township perhaps it would pay to cut off the tops of malleepoles and cart them for firewood. For the use of the mistress of the farmhouse you cannot cart her a better firewood. It is said by, some that mallee, half-dry, will burn well, as the eucalyptus oil has not then evaporated, as in the case of very dry sticks. I should be glad if other mallee farmers would send their experiences to " The Weekly Times," as the matter of 12,000,000 acres of country is a gigantic affair, and must make an important item in our producing power as a wheat growing colony. 