WEST KANGALOON. On Friday evening a lantern entertainment was held at West Kangaloon in connection with the public school. There was a variety of pictures shown consisting of ancient, Chinese and British pottery; the cultivation and manufacture of tea; tales: Pied Piper of Hamlin; Tommy Wilful; the skater; and the drunkard's reformation, interspersed with a miscellaneous assortment of puzzle pictures and common slides. Beside these, pencil drawings and specimens of plain writing done by the scholars were exhibited by means of the lantern. Miss Isa bella Thompson, of East Kangaloon, presided at the harmonium and played appropriate selections during the change of pictures for which, at the close, she was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, which was moved by Mr. E. Larcombe and seconded by Mr. Jas. Alcorn. When the lamps were again lighted, a presentation of prizes won by scholars at the late Robertson show took place. Air. \V. llart acted as chairman, and with a few well ohoson words, ad dressed to all the scholars as well as to the success ful ones, presented the following: —Master A. Har rignn, four pri7.es, drawing, pencil, and pen and ink : Master \V. Weir, four prizes, ornamental writing and mapping ; Miss Annie Liruco, two prizes, orna mental writing ; Miss, Mary Smith, one prize, orna rnontal writing; Miss Hannah Maloney, one, orna mental writing; and Master E. Larcotnbo, ono, mapping. A vote of thanks to the chairman, and the singing of the National Anthem .terminated the proceedings. A publio meeting was given by'tho raembors of the West Kangaloon Mutual Improvement Sooiety on Wednesday evening. Mr. W. 'Hart presided. Thero was a largo'attendance of visitors ' who wero liberal in their applause. Tho programme, ren dered by members only, lasted about two hours, and consisted of two parts. Tho following represent what wero givon :—Readings : Mr. H. Sawtell, Betting and Lamplighting ; Mr. H. M. Smith, In the surf; Mr. A. llutlcdgo, Tho Ghost; Mr. J. Kay, Bad boy and Pa; Mr. A. Bruoe, Tho husband and tho lovor ; Mr. J. Malonoy, Shirts ; Mr. E. Soho field, Practical Joking. Itecitations: Mr. E. Lar- . combe, Defence of the Bridge: Mr. A. Bruce, Boba dil's lament for tho loss of Granada ; Mr. J. Curtis, The Jubiloo year, and Cassio and Iago. Mr. A. W. Smith, Tho unelo; Mr. J. Bruce, The razor-seller. Mr. J. II. Wright, Ballad of the oysterman. Ad dress: Mr. J. Bruce, Woman's rights.: Solos. Mr. E. Lareombo, Lieutenant Luff; Mr J.H.Wright, He isn't a marrying man. Dialogue, Lovolle and Swoppington, by Messrs. E. and ' J. Sebofiold. Mr. J. Curtis, on behalf of tho society, thankod Mr. Hart for taking the chair, and also the visitors for their attendance. God savo the Queen was sung before closing.. 