A Lady's Letter from Paris. , . [feom oub own oobkespondent. 1 Pabis. AotU 9. It lmnl)een observed, ' Where thero is nufFer , ing 'there can bo no pleasure.' Lent, almost ' expired, apparently did net press severely on -' socioty. formerly it was a poriod of ponitenoo and of Belf-denial ; at present it seems to be tho bcBt period for dinners and receptions. However, pleasure is relieved by charity. Perhaps it is tlie buliof 'that tho severity of tho 40 days, and tho economy in expenditure that it iii presumed to effect, makes tho thno pro pitious for collecting help for all good works. In any case, tlie ladies have been aa busy us unts in(lunningandBelliiigticltot8torfimoyballs)coii certs, &c.;,a8«toek- brokerawithHharesandHcrip. Save highway robbery, pocket-picking, and Bwindlinp, all other means are considered laud able and permissible for attacking purses. But thf lady ivho undertakes to farm in this sonso her circle of friends, as if thoy wcro a gold ininc, -will 60on find out her mistake. Two leading dames of tho fashionablo world, who speculated in tho generous task of extracting . charity from their friends and acquaintances, haTO found their salons deserted, and their social invitations declined ?with thanks. The ? gentlemen deoidedly voted that now tux as ex tremely disagreeable, and profcr their club dinner to tho ' at homo ' of a friend, plus tho loving cup of blackmail. But ladies aro eqnal to the occasion; at present they exchange clients, so the attack if indirect, loses nothing in point of pertinacity, and gainB much on tho score of chanco for a gentleman solicited to take tickets, by a lady of position, -with whom he had only a nodding acquaintance In tho rulo of sales woman of tickets of charity, a lady should count chiefly on herself, and but little on friends. Tradespeople complain that marriages, now adays, aro like funerals, conducted on 'econo- mic principles.' It is quita true that tho luxury, elegance, prodigality even of the olden time has been swept away by our newer man ners and customs. Young couples fear to be estimated as extravagant ; and since notaries only viow matrimony to bo what Goethe de scribes, a matter of 'elective affinity,' their counsel is, 'Do not squander what later will bp regretted, and perhaps needed.' It would not be positive heresy to assert the social tendencies generally, on the continent, at least, are to Jive measuredly, perhaps between the confines of frugality and parsi iBony, .This situation is largely duo to Presi dent' Grovy and liis Ministers '.who come in office in such rapid succession. Both aro bound to expend the sum fixed by Parliament for a certain number of dinnora and balls. They would no more think' of ' crossing the lino,' by plunging into a- 5 o'clock tea fight. as an extra, than they would of resigning their berths, till ejected. That attitude respects the law and the — pocket. Thon Marshal Alao Mahon acts as a' scarecrow before their eyes ; that poor old eoldior was actually deluded into ruin by acting up to tho apostolic doctrine of being ' given to hospitnUty;' ? 'When he re signed the presidentship of tho Republic, ho was up to the lips in debt, and has now, a hard 'struggle for life,' on the vorge of 80, to make the two. ends meet. Ono cannot apo a Louis XXV. without the Treasury at one's back. In Paris a. wedding at present consists in a morning or evening visit to view tho 'vanity fair' of the trousseau, the corboillo, and tho gifts; and where' figures what yourself perhaps has been fleeced of, displayed and arranged liko Solomon in all his glory. Noxt day is the religious ceremony, whero you assist in special toilette, to congratulate the cherub and seraph and sign the register. There is no breakfast, or ball. This is tho lie plus ultra of tho mode.ni fashionable wedding. It is usual to sond a sixpenny well-wishing telegram to . tho principals if you cannot come, which is a redeeming feature. Tho provinces aro ro belling against this latest Paris novelty. The boys and girls — tho rurals — havo resolved that the wedding must be an institution on tho lines of Billy O'Eorke's feaBt — ' ne'er to bo forgot by those who were there, and by those who wore not.' Not only aro thoy resolved to have high jinks on the day of tho ceremony from tho bride's family, but the same must bo repeated tho following day week by tho brldb grpom's relatives., Then ' Jack shall pipe, and 'Gill shall danco,' and 'Hastoto tho Wed ding ' will be the air fiddled for the gathering of the clans. ? Thero is another, if less merry, but not tho less charming, institution about being revived, that of tho salons, n'lierofriends aro encountered in the drawing-room of some lady, accepted as the head-centro of literature, art, music, ? or caiiserie. . Tho materials exist for tho re creation of such mental healtherios ; for women in Franco havo still elegance, tact, taste, and the art to speak, to remain silent, and to induce others to converse ; and there are plenty of gentlemen, not oftib- philiats or intelligenco-phobists, who long to pass a few hours a week in tho calm atmosphere of tran quil pleasure, where all would bo refined by the softening manners of women and tho cour tesy and chivalry of educated mon ; whero mind could find a sure compass to direct its course and lay down its bearings ; where coterie, clique, and little chapels would bo taught that tlie sun was not oroatod exclusively for them ; and that smoking, gambling, green- rooming, and a Brahmin's self-absorbed life were ? not the whole duty of man, the solo aim of society, or tho one end of creation. Tho Princess Mathildo, .tho aged niece of Napoleon I., has done wonders in this attempt at social renaissance ; her salon is tho neutral ground, where nono are denied a welcome who havo tulent or taste. Sho is getting up to the seventies, and though her wit ib undimmed and her affability undimuiishod, tho 'snow-fall of timo ' tells all the same. Madamo Buloz, wife of tho proprietor — editor of the Revue d-ts Deux Mondes, is making a charming salon ; she gives weekly dinners to tho contributors, and it was ? as suoh that tho Due d'Aumalo once claimed to bo invited, and not as being a king's son. Madame Adam, the editress of tho Kouvellt Jlcvue, is moro cosmopolitan, but sho commits tho error of winking at politics, finance, and affairs — subjects ladies ahhor to honour with an evening dress. .There aro happily speoial zoological refuges — not drawing- rooms — for tho unfortunate of both sexes, afflicted with politics and finance oil tho bruin, till Dr. Charoot has a spare mome nt to preEcribe, ' suggestivo common sense,' -by means of tho new influence or word, called ' hypnotism.' : The tendencies of fashion are rational. Eccentricity is tabooed. Tho unsightly bustle recalling a coaoh-driver's seat has given way to tho smallest of dromedary humps, just suffi cient to timidly maintain .tho jupo and mark tho outline ot tho figure* HeolB of boots and slippers aro no longer stilts, but constitution ally flat, and without tho pog-top termination so menacing to tho wearer's hoad-dress, by in duoing oscillations, or Bafoty lurches, for self defence'.' Tho tips aro neither necdlo-pointed nor a freo-ihii6onicnl square— the foet, in a ? ?word, at leaBt enjoy liberty. Thore wcro medical authorities who as serted the application -of tho Chinese prin ; ciplo of feet imprisonment was, in point of . effcot on hoalth, only second to tight-laoing of '., tho lungs in stays. Tho unimpeded ciroula tion of tho blood, wHoh iB life, ih the ohief guaranteo' for health. Drs. Miohel, See, and James, tho highest comsumption authorities, when called in, invariably demand of the lady particulars as to how sho was in tho habit of dressing— that ib, of arresting the cumulation of her blood, and starving out of the Bouroe of . nutrition, and by obstructing tho .current of vitality forco a stagnation whioh ultimately develops disease. . Tho Eiffol Tower-shaped bonnet — fit (o ac company the bear skins of tho Grenadier Guards, difficult to keep at the right altitude, and as disdgrccablo at theatres and concerts as ?would bo gentlemen's hats foi spectators, if no moro. Its place was naturally inside the ladies' cu go gallery of tho Houso of Commons. At pro sent, the charming capote Bways, and that lady must , bo difficult to please who cannot oonstruct, ' With or without a milliner, a duok of a bonnet -out of ? :th'o oKhaustless varieties of whioh tho cupoto is the- mother type. Tho capofco keeps on the head— not a Blight advantage, and which ought to bo the aim of a useful bonnet. So no insurance odmpany'.s aid is required to guard against accidents to coiffures. Por trimming, flowers of nil kii\cl« aro patronised — anomoncs, heath, cow Blips, as also tulips in tho form of nigrettfi, piercing, snowdrop-hLo, tlnough u sheath of ribbon; ears or shcavos of smollor flowers,, encased in a. ?ghost of foliage; and, ? though gentlemen perhaps do ' not merit tho compliment, bachelor's buttons, plus forgot me-not, are pretty garnitures for bonnets. There are hats made of natural hay, not new mown ; tho stalks aro ingeniously wovon into tho ehapo. Only think of fashion coming to tho rescue of distressed agrioulture. Hats, in a word, as they say on the Stock Exchange, havo experienced a ' fall ;' they aro as merci lessly cut down as abudgot by ' Lord Handy,' bnt they aro only tho prettier in their lili pntianiam. To those may be added such et ceteras aB lace and metallic embroidery. Tlie latter is largely employed for dresses and mantles. Is it not prudent in theso days of wars and rumours of war for a lady to be iron clodded ? And is not a metallic netting the beet safeguard fighting ships can oppose to insidious torpedoes)? A misogamint poet — I think tlie sinner was Byron, and which juBtifieB the exclusion of his oenotaph from Westminster Abbey, said ' 'Woman at best is but a contradiction.' Is tho toleration of Madras stuffs, with tho design large check, plain or mixed, a deviation from tho good sense mood, that into which fashion iB now drifting p Aro thoy on eccentricity too, as some lady— Hawkins or 'Wildo' — Oscars allege ? Quite tlie contrary ; the madrases are simple and even elegant, following their shade and look. With the jacquette corsage, madras suits very woll, especially if the plaid design bo employed for tho jiipc, anil tho plain for the tunic and corsage Antique moire is a material very much in favour ; the tones are soft, with the Efitin stripes paler still, and which harmonise with tho darker squares of the velvet. Figured Chineeo poplins will bo also in vogue, but theso exact a merry sunshine. Spotted foulards aro much run after. To theso tissues may be added tho usuul array of silk, fancy woollens, and cnmbricB. ? Something like a revolution has taken place in bridal toilette?. The drees will bo stately and classical. Thick silvered satins, with wide moire stripes, and a laco veil will drapo tho head. Tullo veils will bo employed only for dresses in lighter material, witli orango blos soms on a tablior of embroidered tulle. Ball toilettes still engage most attention, for although it bo Lent, friends meet to listen to music, and the evening -winds up with a hop ; but young people will be young people. Train dresses havo cut out short robes for balls and soirees, only whenever a train is longer than a yard ladies Ehould resign themselves not to dance. Low bodies are adopted, so as to show tho naked shoulders. Thero is also a return to ornamenting berthes, but only in the front, not around tho corsage. For those who wish to dance a compromiso has been effected in tho form of demi-trains, having a 4-inch sweep on tho ground ; this is little, and at the samo timo much. It impart majesty to the carriage and slimness and heighs to tho figure — even to ladies in their 30th summer. Spmo«way a short (\i;qss docs not look well in il balli'Oom. Black laco 6ver old roso satin, and all ' pique, with abundanco of rose satin ribbon, make up a nice ball toilette. For headdress, plume of rose and black feathers ; other materials, faille and tulle, with pearl embroidery, plenty of ribbon, and garland of foliage and flowers. For soirees, black gauze and faille, lace and velvet. Visiting costumes are to bo met with in silk and plaited surah ; otter faille and embroidered 6ilk, with tho tailor-shape jacquette. For promenade, elephant-grey woollen and oheck surah of the samo shade, reflecting red and grey mtins; also French cashmera and velvet tint, old blue. Tho elevated coiffure, Diana pattern, is doomed. Tho less a coiffuro is voluminous the moro it is elegant. The hair is mudo up into a small knot, tightly tied with (i ribbon, reposing fiat on tho head and rather backwards. For evening wear they are tho ornaments which arc elovated, plume like. Pretty young ladies would do well to rely on tho coiffure Marguorite, of 'Faust,' with natural wavy bands, tho buck hair tied in catagan rather than plaits of Gretchen. Tho prettiest pocket handkerchiefs have some fancy coloured design in the centre ; tho border is narrow and of the sume shade aa tho design. There is a tendency for typical dances and tho keeping of diaries, which, if kept- written up, will prove a comfort for old ago. 