A Fair Crusader.* CHAPTER XXXV. AFTER THE WRECK. BY WILLIAM WESTALL. It was now no longer a question with the Brandons leaving Whiteshingles forthwith. The wreck seemed to have disaipated Evelyn's forebodings, and given a new colour to her tnougnts. one was deeply gratified by the part whioh had been played by her husband, and the praises of his intrepidity whioh every body was sounding were very pleasing to her. "Dear George!" she said, putting her arms round his neok and looking at him with beam ing eyes. "Dear dear George! Heaven is very good to us. If I could have asked for anything more it would have been this; that before onr honeymoon was well over you should save a human life. The risk was terrible—it makes me shudder to think of it—but the re ward is great." "To be bo thanked,*! would risk ten times as much every day," said George, returning her caress. "And the risk was nothing to speak of, after all. I was fastened to a rope, you know. Lucky the poor fellow knocked against me, wasn't it P" " Something more than lucky, darling," re turned Evelyn gravely. " Say, rather, provi dential." " Providential, then. I think < lucky'expresses my meaning better, though. Wouldn't it have been equally tbe doing of Providence if he had been drowned ? When shall we oontinue our journey south f" "That is for you to decide. I am in no hurry." " Well, I should like to stay until this Bailor fellow is well enough to go away. That will be Friday, the doctor thinks. I want to do something for him—tbe sailor I mean, not the doctor." 441 should like to see your sailor. Do you know his name P" "Isaao Roper. You can see him, of oouree, whenever you like. But you had perhaps better wait a day or two. He needs reßt, the doctor says—and he takes it—sleep, nearly all his time. Besides, he iB not presentable. He oame ashore almost as naked as he came into the world. I have ordered him another rig out. Suppose you see him on Friday—he wifi be up ana olothed then—and we will leave the day after ?" 44 As you like, dear George. Yes, let it be so. The weather seems to be taking up, and we may sp nd two or three days here very agreeably/ ' In the meantime George had several talks with Isaao Roper, who seemed sincerely and ab^tabjectiygratefulforhißreacaer'BkindneßS. Hie ship he had belonged to, the Araminta, hailed from Liverpool and was bound for New York. To complete her cargo she had to call at Belfast, and was on her way thither when she was driven out of her oourse and wrecked on the Horse Bank. 44 Bad seamanship and drunkenness were the cause," said Roper. "Moat of the crew were drunk when they came on board at Liverpool, and the captain was three sheets in the wind when we struok. It was him that ordered the boat to be lowered." 44 A most foolish proceeding. A pity he was not in her himself." 44 He was, and got drowned for his stupidity; and worse, d n him. He caused the loss of those three poor fellows' lives, and I had a narrow squeak for mine." Despite Roper's roughness and bad grammar, it seemed to George that his language and manners were not exactly those of a common sailor, but the man's antecedents were no busi ness of his, and when the doctor pronounoed him convalescent George gave him a new kit to replace the one he had lost, and £5 to help him on his way. The sailor was deeply moved, but George put a rather peremptory stop to his expressioaa of gratitude by asking him to step into the Nelson. 44 My wife would like to see yon before yon leave," he said. " When would you like to start P" 44 To-night, with your permission, kind sir. The sooner I get baok to Liverpool the better. The owners of the Araminta will, maybe, find me a berth on one of their other ships."' "This is the seaman who was so nearly drowned and badly hurt—lsaao Roper," said George, as he led the way into the sitting room. On this, Evelyn, who had been sitting at the bay window watching the sun aa he ■*•»•__ majestically into the purple sea, rose from her chair and came towards them. 441 am very glad " she began. Then she stopped short with a gasp, turned as white as a sheet, and she and the Bailor (who was in the act of making a bow and a scrape) stared at each Other as if both had seen a ghost. 44 Isaac Roper! Isaao Roper!" oried Evelyn. 44 No! It is Wilton Conroy." 44 Evelyn Waters! My" 44 No! no! no! lam not your wife, Wilton Conroy!" exclaimed Evelyn, springing forward as if she-would strike him. " I am not your wife; I am this gentleman's—l am George Brandon's wife, and will be his till death. Here she stopped short again, and fell faint ing into George's arms. He carried her to the door and called for Ali. Ali came. 44 Watch this man," he said, ,4 and for your life do not let him go until I return." Then he bore Evelyn to her room. George was not the sort of man who fools because a woman faint*. He laid her on her bed, applied restoratives, aad in a few minutes ahe came to herself. 44 Yon are still with me. Oh, thank heaven!" she sobbed. " Don't—don't leave me." 44 Only for a short tune. But are yon sura yon are not mistaken P Is that man really Wilton Conroy P" 7 44 Oh, George, I am not mistaken. I waa only too sure. And did yon not soe that ha reoognisedme?" 44 If I had known that, he might have perished a thousand times before I would have raised a finger to rescue him. I will have a few words with him and then come back to yon." 44 But, George, dear," she exclaimed fear fully, taking both his hands in hers. 4< George, dear, you aro not going t—t— " 44 What f" 44 Kill him P" 44 He deserves it." 44 But you won't. For my sake, for Christ's sake. He is bad, very bad. But yon won't imperil your soul; you won't stain your hands . Leave him to God . Promise! Pro mise ! I won't let you go" . And she clung passionately to him, her eyes flowing with tears, her voioe broken with sobs. George lovingly and gently loosed her hand*. 44 Don't fear!" he said. " I nover yet killed a man except in fair fight, and you may be sure I shall do nothing of whioh a man who haa worn the Queen's uniform need be ashamed. Yon must let me go now. I shall be baok presently." When George returned to the Nelson, he saw at onoe that Conroy had been trying to get away. The Indian had his knife drawn, and the other was standing opposite to him, and near the door, in an attitude half- threatening, half-imploring. 44 Go outside, Ali, and wait till I call," said his master. 44 And now, Mr. Conroy, for that appears to bo your right name," he said, addressing tha sei-disant seaman," I want a little explanation. You were sentenced some fire years ago to fifteen years' penal servitude for a series ot felonies. A little moro than three months ninso you were reported to have died at Portland and now you turn up as Isaao Roper and calf yourself a Bailor. What does it all mean P No. hesitating; please make a dean breast of It at. once, or I will send for the police and give you. In ohargo as an escaped convict. What does it mean, I say!" 44 Yon need not threaten," answered Conroy • The right of publication iv Queensland of "A Mr Crusader" haa been pur-baaed by the Brisbane Newspaper Compear, limited. #-•«»■»• aullenly. " I will tell you without. But you have a right to know. After my trial and oon vietioa I was Bent with a lot more, first t_ Newgate, then to Millbank, lastly to Dartmoor. Jest before we were turned over to the warder. who oonveyed us to Dartmoor, I contrived to ehanpe identities with a fellow prisoner. It is a thing not easily done, but it is done. The man I exchanged with was called Isaac Roper, a professional thief, who was in for five years, and spent more time in g& .1 than out of it, and when he got out did not expeot to be moro than a few weeks at libeity. Well, for a considera tion—l got something done for him through a friend—he agreed tv take my name and lend me his. The chances were, of court*, very much against the thing going through, but it did, for as it happened we were not very unlike. So at Dartmoor I became Isaao Itop.r—in for five years ; he, Wilton Conroy—in tor fifteen. He died a short time sinoe—♦bout the same time that I, having got some good marks-, was released on a tiokefc-of-leave a few meathft before my time. "Aa Isaac Roper hal feta oonvioted at laverpool, I was sea. bhera to be discharged and turned adrift, with a suit of shoddy clothes on my baok and a few shilling*, which I had earned at jJartmoor, in my pocket. " What was Itodo P t durst not for the life 6t me make myself knownv All my friends bnt •one—and he was ia America—thought I was dead. There Was not a soul to whom I oould appeal without risking recognition. I was bound to get out of the oountry at all haiarda, nnd then it ooourred to me that as t knew a good deal about boating, and used to sail my own yacht, the best thing I could do would be to work my passage out to America as an ordinary seaman. So for my shoddy suit and the creator part of my money I grot a second hand sailor's rig-out, and then got a berth on board the Araminta. Tou know the rest." " Tea, I know the rest," replied George grimly, " and I wish it had been a very dif ferent rest. I wish I had never come he_e and that yon had either oarried out yottr intention of going to America or been drowned the other day in the breakers." "I understand," said Conroy insolently; "you have married Evelyn" 44 Stop! How dare you speak of my wife as fi reiynT Tou have forfeited everyclaiin to con «-deration or respect. Miss Waters and I married when we heard you #ere dead, not before:" "Don't let that troubb. you, Mr. Brandon. Wa oan easily square that little difficulty. There is nothing I want so muoh as to get out of the oountry. Give me a little money to start with oa the other aide—say a thousand pounds —and yon will uever see mo or hoar of me again, and nobody .hall know I am alive." " Tou scoundrel 1 Why you are a greater cad than I thought you. Give you a thousand E Una's! Is it not enough that I saved your c! Not a thousand farthings. And look here' If you are not gone to-morrow morn ing I will tell the polioe who you are. Ton have money in your pocket. There is a train to Liverpool to-night." With that, George turned on his heel and left the room. At the door he found Ali. ** Let him go where he will," he said. Then he went to poor Evelyn. She was in n state of excitement so intense that he almost feared for her reason. One moment she would twine her arms round bis neck, and declare that she would never never leave him, that nothing but death should part them. Then sho would •ay that she was a wioked woman, that they were living iv sin, that she must go, go at onoe —go where she could hide her shame aud nobody knew that she was married to two men. It was quite impossible to discuss the question on its merits or think what they should do. George watched by her the night through, con soling and conifortingber as best he could. An hour or two before dawn she fell asleep, aad, though unutterably wretohed, he was so ex hausted by the emotion he had undergone that after a while he slept too. When he awoke tne sun was shining brightly, Tet Evelyn stall slept. He looked at his watoh. t was past 10 o'clock. George rose aud went into his dressing-room (ho had lain down with his olothes on). The matutinal tea was there, quite oold. AH had doubtless brought it down at daybreak, and his knock had failed to wake him. Then, with mind so preoccupied that he soaroely knew what he was doing, he slipped into the corridor, and at the same time Bag. liaw passed with a tray. "Oh, Mr. Brandon, bow you frightened mo," exclaimed the butler, letting the try fall with a crash, and looking terribly soared. " What the mischief—why should yoa be frightened!*" "Oh dear! Tou have not heard then ?" " I havo heard nothing—only just got up. What is tbe matter?" "Matter? Murder's the matter. That sailor you rescued, Isaao Roper, was murdered near the station some time last night. They found his dead body lying there this morning throat out from car to ear." " Roper murdored." gasped George, reeling against the wall. "Impossible. Tou rave, man!" " No, Mr. Brandon, I don't rave, I only wish I did. The terrible news is only too true. H you don't believe me go and ask tbo police" ** I will." And without another word George put on bis hat and went straight to tha police offioe. The sharp walk and tho fresh air soothed his nerves and restored his presence of mind, and he managed to talk to the inspector on duty without showing more emotion than was natural in tbe circumstances. As Bsgshaw bad said, " the terrible news was only too true.'' Conroy had been murdered, but by a stab between the shoulders, not by having his throat cut. " Somebody must havo crept after the poor chap in the dark," said tho inspector, "as ho was on his -way to tbe station, nnd taken him unawares. Tho Btrangost part of tbe atf_ir is that he does not appear to hove been robbed. Anyhow, there was nearly £5 in his pocket. I suppose the villain that did it board some body ooming** and was too fri°.htened to thii.-*h bis work. But we are making every eifort. I think we have a clue already." " Of oottrte* and if Jrod Had anything out I shftll be fUd if you will let mo know at onoe. t thought of going away to-day, but I shall not go until after the inquest. The &oron;«_r may pos-ibly like to have n\y evident-*-*, thotigh I do__*t think it i* likely to throw any light on the affair. When will the inquest be held do yottsupposoP" " Probably on Monday." " Very well. I will wait until Tuesday." After a little further conversation with the inspector, George went baok to BagotV He fouud Evelyn awake, but looking aa wretchedly ill and woe»begone as the Aky before she had looked radiant and hapj.y. " I was beginning to fear yon had left me," she said with a gaiAfdlly pathetio smile that went to hit* heart. " Why should I leave yon;" he iokmA\ sitting down beside her. "Neve-**, vrhile 1 live, will 1 leave •yon." " Sttt you must, must not yon P Or, 1 must leave you. It is not right. But I cannot think. My head is in a whirl. Tou must think for us both, darling. But about one thing I am quite dear. We must submit to God's will and do right, whatever it oosts." «• I quite agree with yon, and it is right fok us to remain together. That man is no longer your husband even in the eye of the law." "How oan that be, GeorgeP Am I not married to him*, and does net everybody say that the marriage was quite legal P" "So it Was. Evelyn. But the marriage has been dissolved. Conroy is dead." " Oh, George, do not trifle with me." "I am not trifling with yon." And then he told her about the murder. " It seems all a dream, I cannot realise it," she murmured. "What, what! Do you think"—sinking her voioe to a frightened whisper—" is it not possible they may suspect —euspeet you P" "It is not possiblei I loft Conroy in our sitting-room lost night at 6 o'clook, came here to you and stayed with you till 10 ololook this morning. Besides, who oould possibly suspect me of taking the life of the man whose life I saved only the other day P All the same, lam not hypocrite enough to pretend to regret his death; Tou said that my saving his life was providential. Try and think that his death is equally so. At any rat->, neither of us is in any way responsible for it." "Tou are right, George. What shall wo do, then?" " Stay here until the inquest is over* then go baok to Sootland aud get married over again. We oan do It in suoh a way that nobody will be the wiser, yot be able to prove the second marriage if the first should ever. be called in question." When Ali heard that his master wss return ing to Sootland, he said that he should like to return to Bombay. " Why P" asked George. "It is so oold," said the Indian with a shiver, "and tho English climate does not agree with me. I think it would be good for my health to go to Bombay for a while. But I will oome to the Sabib again." " Perhaps you are right, Ali. The climate here might not agree with yon this winter, and it would be a pity for you to be ill. Yet, I ahall be sorry to part with you. You saved my life, and you have served me faithfully and well, almost too well, some would think. 1 will pay your passage out, of oourse, and your wages will be oontinued just as if you were with me. As for myself, I am not sure that, except in one respect, my visit to England has been quite a suooess. Tne climate, as you say, is oold, and life is hard. I dare say next year will see me baok in India." Aud then they parted. All went away in good spirits, for aooording to his ideas he had done neither more nor less than his duty, and he knew that he should soon see his master again. THE MSX>. 