üfiñrÉW'YORKLBTTER. . (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] As you enter the solemn and stately gate of Greenwood Cemetery, on a lovely little eminence to the right is a beautiful miniature Grecian Temple ; one of the handsomest and most costly mausoleum I that adorns that splendid monopolies. Almost at its foot, across the path, is the grave of Louis Bonnard, marked by simple and beautiful dress, telling the wonderful story of the humble artists, who toiled on patiently through a long life, and died in squalor and apparent poverty, and left 200 GOOde. to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. just to the left of the little Temple on the Hill-a majestic shaft perpetuates the memory of Mrs. Oswald Uttendorfer, whose first husband was the founder of the Stants Zeitung; a woman worthy of a place among her country's noblest dead. The Oreo an temple mentioned at the opening of this article covers all that is mortal of John Anderson, whose fame in this world rests solely on the fact that he invented Solace tobacco. Not much, perhaps, you will say to build up fame, here or hereafter ; perhaps not ; but then you don't chew, I you have never experienced the delights of a quid. You have never been on the picket guard at night, in rain and snow and sleet. or you have never stood on the bridge of a steamer, on the forecastle, of a sailing ship, when the salt waves were dashing over you. If you had you might say " Requiescat in pace, John Anderson." He died many fines a millionaire, and his fortune was made by one of those lucky chances which make or mar a man for all time. His shop in 1840 stood on Broadway, at the corner of the ' Id Hospital Grounds, almost facing the spot where Pearl-street enters Broad- way. It was an humble little place enough, but behind the counter, dealing out tobacco' and cigars to the duties of half a century ago,' was Mary Rodgers, known as the beautiful cigar girl. She was a mine of wealth to John Anderson, for thousands of young fellows learned to smoke, just for the privilege of taking a cigar from her beautiful fingers , Those were, indeed, democratic days, for a prime Havanna, rich and fragrant,, cost only three cents, and the reckless vagabond who indulged in a five center, was abandoned by his relatives, and his rain prognosticated by those who execrated his extravagance and mourned his downfall. Twelve honest cigars only sit up in a paper bag coat a York slid- ing, and a modest drink of democratic whisky three cents. Arcadian days these, of primeval innocence and simpler y, when pleuro-pneumonia, spinal meningitis and Bright's disease,- were no more known than the history of the fixed stars. General Scott, the greatest hero of his day, walking down Broadway and finding his cheek empty, stepped into John An- person's little shop, and got a paper of tobacco. Whether it was the really excellent quality of the weed, or the sparkling ey. s of. Mary Rodgers, I know not, but the very next day the General called again and got another paper. Poor Mary Rodgers went out one Sunday afternoon, and she was never seen again at 1 her body was found floating in the Hudson opposite Sybil's Cave, under the Hoboken Clio's, not far from Wee hawken Dell, where Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton. The Mexican war came on, and General Scott went down to the land of the Aztecs ; there was plenty of tobacco there, but there was nothing like John Anders n's. The General sent on a special order to New York for several boxes of tobacconists- mating that the Mexican campaign might possibly be a fa life without it. John Anderson did a lot up in tinfoil and despatched it to the seat of war, where it arrived in time to assist in the victory of Moline del Ray, and enter into the capital city of the Aztecs. is When in the royal palace of the Montezuma the General stretched himself out on one of the gorgeous divans, be took ifflThügff quid of his favourite weed in his cheek, and wrote to his friend John Anderson that he was a benefactor of his race, and his tobacco was indeed a solace. The word " solace" struck John Anderson, and thereafter he sent forth John Anderson's Solace tobacco. The name spread like wildfire, and the once humble tobacconist of the little Broadway shop became the possessor of millions ; but his million s brought him not peace of mind nor happiness. Illusions haunted him the ghost of the beautiful Mary Rodgers followed him Adey and night. He was unfortunate in his children, and it nearly killed him when his daughter's husband, disgraced and wrecked, was hurled from the Judge's ' bench to irretrievable ruin and infamy, This little temple covers a broken heart and a wrecked life ; the wealth of Midas could not save him, and this week his grandchild appears in the courts to fight for the patrimony of which, she says, her uncle robbed her. The millions are melting away ; but the little temple on the hill remains to point a moral and adorn a tale. I A queer strike occurred here among the grave-diggers of Calvary Cemetery, but this time they did not get the arbitration of the Knights of Labour, for Bishop Loughlin, of Brooklyn, took the bull by the horns, and made short work of the strike. In Calvary Cemetery were two old grave-diggers who refused to join the Grave-diggers' Protective Union F. of L. It was not alleged that they were not good grave-diggers, or that they were not good Catholics, or that they drank undue quantities of whisky, or, in fact, did anything that good grave-diggers ought not to do ; but they swore by the living Jingo that they would not join the K. of L., so the rest of the men demanded their in- stant did charge ; but if the K. of L. were in front of them they had Bishop Loughlin at their back, and they could no more be moved than the bold Fitz- James when confronted by Rhoderick Dhu. Now, under ordinary circumstances, and in his normal condition, Bishop Loughlin is one of the sweetest and mildest and quietest of men but priest or layman must not rub his fur the wrong way. Broad gauged, generous, charitable, full of human sympathy, plainly democratic and unassuming, he neverthe- less entertains the very highest opinion of his sacerdotal office, and woe unto him who undertakes to interfere with his prerogative. Now, Calvary Cemetery is under the exclusive control of the Bishop, and the administration of this important trust reflects on him the highest credit. Be cannot tolerate injustice of any kind, and when he found the grave diggers banded against two faithful workmen who had served him honestly and well, he took up the cudgel in their behalf. As soon as the good Bishop' got the difficulty well in hand and learned the ultimatum of the refractory diggers-" discharge the two old servants or no graves "- he sent for the men one by one and put the question to them would they go to work I and they all said no. So the Bishop discharged every man Jack of, them, and put new men in their places, and the next morning the whole pack came back howling for a job. On promise of future good behaviour some of them were reinstated, and it is fair to presume that the Grave-diggers' Protective Union K. of L. will try no more foolish experiments with Bishop Loughlin. " ' in the very heart of the city, right among the homes where Croesus swings his mations, noted rifle shot from the most famous hotels on Manhattan Island, surrounded by the wells of swell clubs, is a plague spot where Lais, Aspasia, and Phyrne añve~their"trade, and here, too, are the most famous of these gilded halls for which our city is famous. The tired tourist who has exhausted the pleasures of Paris and Monaco, can here find solace and amusement for in Captain Williams' precinct these forbidden pleasures thrive and flourish under the protection of the law. Captain Williamson whose precinct this plague spot in, a few years ago was a poor man ; unless common report does him great injustice, he is apoorman no longer. Aside from huaakry,he hu a respectable private income which is imperfectly justified by the receipts of his office His property is said to be worth over lOO.OOOdoL, and people naturally ask how, this fortunate j , can be nccumulated-ina-fewyeara from a police captain's salary. Captain Williams is a sharp man-a man whom criminals do not like to run against. A few have tried to brave his power, but they have always had to regret it, and it is sus spected that this guardian of the peace has waxed fat on the wages of sin. One thing a certain, and that is, that there are more houses of questionable repute more vile dens and gambling hel's-in Captain Alexander 8. Williams' precinct. than in any other two precincts in the city of New York and strange to state, with hundreds of the finest policemen at his back, he never found it out till informed by the attorney of the Business Men's Protective Association. For years it has been known that a regular system of blackmail was in force among the criminal classes, who, by the payment of a certain portion of their earnings, secured immunity from punishment. Until the past year it was impossible to organise a raid upon a game ling house from police headquarters, for in every instance the paid spies of the gam- | biers preceded the officers of the law. The Business Men's Association, whose families have been outraged and whose hearts have been disgraced by the toler- ance of these infamies, have called Mayor Hewitt's attention to the state of affairs in Captain Williams' precinct, and it now looks as if this celebrated policeman would have all he can do to clear his skirls. 80 far, he has been able to defy the law, but Mayor Hewitt will bring him up with a round turn. At startling discovery was made this week in the arrest of one Hare. Mr. Hare figured as a, first-class butter In a number of swell families ; but wherever he served he left a remembrance behind him! He was no common vulgar thief, stealing overcoats and silver spoons-not he. Nothing but diamonds was his game, and when he took the real gems he always left I a substitute in their place, and so clever was the imitation in the case of a 2000ft. pair of diamond ear-drops that one of Tiffany's experts had to be called in to detect the countries t.' The lady in question took a pair of ear-drops to Tiffany and Co. for repair. They had been purchased of the firm for 2,000 does On examination they proved to be paste; The lady was horrified, and Tiffany and Co. began to feel very uncomfortable. The lady! had Tiffany and Co.'s receipt in her pocket was it possible that that famous firm had sold the lady's husband paste worth 50c. and bagged the other one thousand ' nine hundred and ninety nine dollars and fifty cents ! Such a thing was not to be thought of ; but there were were the paste ear-rings, and there was Tiffany and Co.'s receipt, and to cap the climax the lady was willing to swear that the ear-rings had never been t out of her possession, neither had they ever; been repaired by any other jeweller. The case looked awkward, to say the least You will recollect some time ago I gave an account of a fashionable lady who took the gems from her ears and gambled them away in a little game of "draw," substituting paste instead. The husband got strapped and wanted to raise a little mony on his wife's trinkets. So taking her earrings and pin to a pawnbroker, he found he could not raise enough on them to buy an oyster stew. The aid of Inspector Burns was called for, and the inspector can usually see as far into a millstone as anybody else. Of course any fraud on the part of Tiffany and Co was out of the question, and that a change had taken place somewhere there was not the slightest doubt. on enquiry it was I found that a butler had been employed in the house, and somehow it leaked out that he had been formerly a jeweller. The conclusion was immediately jumped at that he was the thief, and the suspicion was verified when another lady discovered that paste had been substituted for her diamonds, and she remembered that her butter, a very fascinating fellow, had left her employ only a short time before. The detectives started in and found the gay butler attending the races ; when cornered he made a clean breast of it, and aided the office's in recovering the stolen jewels. He got a situation, and as soon as he located the jewel case he would measure the stones in the earrings, rings or pins, buy imitation stones of exactly the same size, and while the family were at meals extract the real gems and put the bogus stones in their places. But there is an end to every father however long, as the gay butler found out to his sorrow. He confessed that he had been in 57 different families. How many of these fair ladies sport paste I ear-rings at the opera A very amusing discovery was made at the Diocesan Convention at Garden City last week, which made the reverend gentlemen look rather glum. As all the world is aware Judge Henry Hilton is one of the executors of the Stewart Estate, and an important factor in the estate is Garden City, the site of the beautiful mausoleum under which rest the ashes of Cornelia Stewart alongside of the empty sarcophagus which was intended to contain the ashes of her husband. The object dearest to her heart was to make Garden City one of the grandest episcopal centres i in the country. Last year the clergy met in convention there, and after their exhaustive labours were invited to a dinner at the hotel. Bishop Littlejohn and all the clergy attended, supposing themselves to be the guests of the trustees of Garden City. They had a first class time, and returned to their homes delighted with Judge Hilton's generous hospitality ; but just as they were about to ad- journ this week a bill was presented from Judge Hilton for 300dol. for the dinner they had eaten and forgotten over a year ago. Judge Hilton is worth several millions ; many of those millions have been made out of the Stewart Estate. It seems rather a small thing to present a bill for dinner to a party of gentlemen who supposed themselves his guests. It may be regarded as the latest exhibition of Hiltonian thrift, and one that does him very little credit. To say that the Convention was made in drawing it very mild. The clergy did not exactly swear, but several felt like it. One said, " Gosh darn it," and another, "I grow," and it is said they seriously think of adding a line to the local litany of Garden City, "From all stingy hosts and trustees in general, and from Judge Hilton in particular, Good Lord deliver us !" A circumstance occurred here this week which recalls the attempted assassination of Captain Phalen in (Donovan Rossa's dingy office about two years ago. The man who made the murderous assault was well prepared for his work. There was no secrecy about it. The murder'wasattempted in open day and in the presence of a number of notorious dynamiters whose unsavory antecedents were written in fire and blood. Captain Phalen, nearly chopped to pieces, reached the sidewalk, where he fell in a pool of blood. For long days and nights he lingered between life and death, and at last confronted his intended assassin at the bar of justice. The trial was brief, but to the astonish- ment of the judge, and everybody else but the jury, the red-handed assassin was acquitted For the past year and a half he has been in the Cancer Hospital, eaten up by disease and looking fearfully upon inevitable death. Meanwhile his wife. and child are starv- ing. O'Donovan Rossa , undertook to become ' the almoner of the Fenian Brotherhood's bounty. Several hundred dollars were collected for the benefit of the sick man and his family, and O'Donovan Rossa is now accused of putting a good share of it in his own pocket at any rate the beneficiary never got it, although the wife of the sick man with her starving baby in her arms as I speak to him for money. As long as O'Donovan could draw on ignorant servant girls to swell the dynamite fund he had a good time, but since the Fenian Brotherhood have kicked him out he looks rather seedy, and it now looks though he might be reduced to the patriot's last dire alternatives : Open a saloon, go to work, or the. Decoration Day opened gloriously. The air WM,delictotwy. cool-just such an atmosphere as matM the old soldiers feel like marching, and they sprang to the' quickstep as they did in 1861, when they went out to battle for the Union, in New York and Brooklyn the display ex- j ceeded any Memorial t celebration of former years. As the ranks thin out it seems as if the ardour of the people increases, and there is a general disposition on the part of everyone to make Decora- tion Day the sacred holiday of the year. The presence of General Sherman, General Doubleday, with a number of other distinguished soldiers, and the Governor of the estate and his staff, added greatly to the interest of the occasion. It only seems like the other day since Generals Grant, McClellan, Hancock and Logan were all here to take part in the celebration. Their places are vacant now, and the ranks of the old veterans are thinning fast. In the line were many of the old tattered battle flags, the sight of which stirred the hearts of thousands along the way to the wildest enthu- siasm! All day Sunday and the following Monday, thousands upon thousands made a sacred pilgrimage to Greenwood to decorate the graves of our honoured dead. Greenwood never looked so lovely. Death is robbed of all its terrors in such a beautiful and quiet resting- place. Among the soldiers who sleep there, all did not fight on the Union side. In the dells and on the hillsides are numerous graves of the Confederate dead, Not one was forgotten on Monday last. Pious and loving hands performed a sister's and a mother's part in strewing their graves with flowers. In looking over the graves of these- Confederate dead, the saddest, portion of the record was their, age-18, 19, and 20 the oldest I saw was only 26\. The lesson of the day sank deep into all hearts, rooting deep, the love of the Union which was purchased at such terrible sacrifice. 