SPORTING. J The Gympie horse, Wolseley, one of Mr. Durcy's cast-offs, showed good form atClareuce River Races last week, winning the big haudicap, 2 miles, in 3in. 44seos., and carrying 6 St. 10 lbs. Melauion, 6 st. 12 lbs., was second ; Ajax, 8 st. 3 lbs., tmrd, ana bix otners including rreeuoiu, and other Bmart cattle behind. In tbe other big handicap Melanion was first and Wolseley secoud. His Worship, wiiile running at Gym pie races last week, burst bis hoof badly, and in consequence is hardly likely to race for some time to come Mr. W. Mooney has purchased Bor derer by Melbourne for £200. A Sydney trainer, W. Brennan, has had his string of horses increased by the addition of the recently-arrived Queens landers, Fano and Goldenstone, aud the strangers have dropped into good handB. The jockey B. Colley returned to Sydney after a lengthy stay in Queens land. It has been given out that he in tends ' doing' New Zealand, but this is incorrect. No hopes are entertained that Elling ton will ever race again (sayB tbe JrUiwne) though he has been blistered an 3 is to be turned out for a lengthened spell. The old fellow, who has done such good ser vice, is as quiet as a sheep, nnd passes his time walking about his owner's garden playing with everybody who comes in his way, but be draws tbe line at China men, for whom he has a great abhorrence and never fails to show it. In the way of food he has peculiar fancies, and after b-;ing properly fed on ordinary horse diet is not slow in Bbowing his fonduess for fruit when it is offered bim. At a sale of racehorses held in Sydney by Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the Hod. W. A. Long took advantage of the opportunity to increase his already long string, by purchasing tbe three-year-old Cbesham, ?by Grand Flaneur from Lady Chester (imp.), tor which be gave 320gs ; aud tbe brown yearling colt, by The Drummer (imp.) out of Ruby, at 65gs. Mr. T. La mond bought an own yearling sister to | Rubina, by Kingsborough — Etiquette (imp.), and she ought to be a bargain at lftOgs. Another buyer was Mr. William Forrester, the four-year-old Sorata, by Grand Flaneur from Montana (imp.) fall ing to his hid of 80gs ; and the last of Mr. D. Cooper's quintette, Oceana, by St. Alban's (imp.) — Idalia, found an owner in Mr. G. H. Chapman at lOOgs. At Melbourne the following horses were sold by Messr*. Yuille and Co. : — Empress 90 guineas : The Ghost 55 guipeas ; Grace Darling 250 guineas; Kitty Fisher 130 guineas; Lithologist 55 guineas; Marl borough 240 guineas; Tbe Knave 140 guineas ; and Bothwell 250 guineas. Mr. M'GlLli's grand horse Pirate goes to Sydney after the August meeting at Brisbane. Although My Love figures among the acceptors at Bumlaberg, the black mare will not see tbe post, having already gone to Brisbane. Charters Towers J.C. have issued the conditions of tbe Sapling Stakes for 1888. 302 nominations have been received for the Fourth Carrington Electric Han dicap. Wat, the racehorse who was recently purchased for £100, has changed hands for £500. Owing to the bad state of the tracks at Rand wick, they have been closed. The 4. J.C. Sprlug meeting takes place on September 17, 20, 22, and 24. Larry Foley had no difficulty in defeating Professor Manning at Bingle Entries for the Toowoomba Agricul tural Society's show are coming in freely For the jumping contest some of the best horses in New South Wales are entered. The members of the N.S.W. Football Association are all bard at work to make the fancy dress match on Saturday week at the Association Cricket Ground a suc cess. We hear from the hon. secretary that some very comical costumes will be donned for the occasion, dogs, cats, Chinamen, clowns, and some players have threatened to don the garb of the fair sex. It is the first match of itBkind in Sydney and should have success as a novejty. The final course for the Waterloo Cup was concluded at Melbourne, on July 15, with tbe following result:— The Water loo Cup (open), for 64, all ages, at £12 10s.; winner, £400 ; runner-up, £100 ; two dogs, £25 each ; four dogs, £10 each ; eight dogs, £5 each. Mr. P. A Lamb's Livingstone by Mutineer — Latest News, 1 ; tbe runner-up being Mr. B. Hepburn's Stretcher by Chronometer Squib II. Tbe winner is a New South Wales dog, and the runner-up belongs to Ballarat. Mail advices report very slow cricket in Englaud this season. Last week tbe atiuual match between the Players aud Gentlemen took place aud resulted dis astrously for the latter. The Players went in first and made a total of 395. of which Shrewsbury obtained 111. Tbe Gentleman only made 102 in their first innings, and following on scored 171. They were therefore defeated in one in nings, with 122 runs to spare. During tbe game Roller received an injury which disabled him. Lauristina, winner of the Town Plate and other races at the Maryborough meeting, goes to Brisbane next month to meet tbe southern cracks on their own ground. A new era in' bookmaking seems to have been inaugurated at Melbourne, where the committee of the V. R. C., with tbe view of protecting the public, now make it compulsory on all applicants for registration as bookmakers to enter iuto bondB giving security for a fixed sum. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. have disposed of the thoroughbred stallion, Bonnie Scotland to Messrs. E. Jowett and Co., of Kynuna Station, Queensland. This is a remarkably well-bred horse, being by St. Albans from Mayflower, by Boiardo from Heiress, one of the best of the Field mares, and as he shows quality and is well-grown, he ought to m&ta; an excellent station sire. Mr. William Kelso has disposed of Orator, by Lecturer, and his destination is Queensland, where he will do stud duty. The plunger Beuzon lost about £12,000 on the English Derby. One bookmaker who had some time before tbe race laid bim 5,000 to 2,000 against The Barorj gave him £1,500 to scratch the wager, ' THElong-distance peds, D. Livingstone, R. H. Stevens, and A. Fosse, competed in a 10 mile race at tbe Carrington ground Sydney. Livingstone attempted to give Fosse and Stevens 300 yan|a, but Fosse, who hails from Melbourr.e, had things all his own way, and won very easily in 57min. 45seo. _ In a recent cricket match Hampshire against Norfolk, j?. E. Lacey scored 323 (not out) in four hours and a half. The score included four6's, two6's, and 37 4's. G. Bonnor to still in England. On tbe 28th of May he played for the Edinburgh Australians against the Dumpeller Club, and was bowled first ball. The match ended in a tie, and curiously enough a match played between the same clubs a week previous was also a tie. The writer of ' London gossip ' for tbe Australasian spys :— Tbe Derby this year came off in very dark and ohilly weather —a circumstance which tended to em phasise its decreasing popularity. It is still attended, out of habit, by hosts of I Londoners, who .feuow and care nothing | about raciug ; and at suurise tbe Downs. I as of old, present the unique speotacle of 10,000 lean and vermin-eaten raggamuf fibs slumbering on the grass. This year it seemed as if the race lay between two women, ' Mr. Manton ' (l'i' Dowager Duchess of Montrose), owner of Eirids pord, aud 'Mr. Fern,' owner of The Baron. ' Mr. Fern ' is a Mrs. Vigors, a widow ; but The Baron is said to have receutly passed irorn ner nanas, under a private arrangement, to those of the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, that female Faust, who, in ber rejuvenescence, had conceived the singular ambition of being the first lady winner of the Blue Ribbon, and thought sbu was safe to attain her desire by investing in one of the hottest favourities of our time. But, as you know, the race was won by the dark horse, Merry Hampton. 