MEETING NIGHT. The German professor, when he had fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass—for, though he had brought his big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning—suddenly turned to us, and said; " It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold—" We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ; he al ways began in this way, without preface. " In my native village," he said, " people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call' Meeting Night,* and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see. that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather a solemn proceeding,especially in ail empty church' at midnight. " One man who had lost his sweetheart did it. They said he saw her, but he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. " When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the past. I left in haste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn—the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and. tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. I did my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. "' Go 1" he said. 4 The quicker the betterl You have killed your cousin Leopold. This j place will not be safe for you. " The coachman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream. (Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so V I asked myself. Then I replied : 'He deserved it. He de-1 served it. I did well.' " The next day I left Germany. 1 came to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in the midst of fthe great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost—gray, hollow-cheeked—scarcely j more than a skeleton. "' You see it,' he said, as I glanced at him; ' I am dying. This is my address. Do not come until I send for you; but when I do,, come at once. Swear it.' . "' My friend,' I said,4 let rne come before that. Let me help you if I can.' " ' No,' he said, • no;' and turned away. \- '• Three months afterwards a messenger came to me at midnight, and said: "' Fritz Wagner has sent for you.' " I found him dying, but he had strength to speak. " 4 Frederick,' he said,' I have a confession to make. I lied about Thcrese. I was in love with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and ail the rest, it was true enough • but the Leopold was her sister's little baby! named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I took my oath to the truth of my statement. For that, I am suffering the torments of the lost.' " With these terrible words on his lips, he died. '■ And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered my true lore, Therese, and my dear cousin, Leopold. I could not rest. I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Therese, who, if she lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up to the authori ties as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expiation. '• I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the next steamer for my native home. " I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last I reached it late on the night of a stormy summer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on my way- the lightning flashed through the heavens. I passed a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. " I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. [ As I did so a feather fell from its broken j wing, and on the instant it occurred to me that this very night was the mystic Meeting Night, and that it was with the quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition; but I was in a strange mood, and beyond shone the win dows of the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. I seized the little quill. I turned my steps toward the sacred'edifice. It was empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and far between. I passed up the aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from my pocket and cut my finger slightly ; then, having pointed the little quill, I dipped it in my blood and wrote the name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of the |painted fwindows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name—' Frederick 1" It came from above. I looked up: In the gallery stood a figure all in black, save for a white band upon its fore head. It had the face of Therese, bat paler, thinner. Its white hands were hers. It stretched them out towards me, as in greet ing. It waved them in farewell. It was gone. "A spirit bad appeared to me—Therese's spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there—a sad, gray Leopold—but I knew him. I uttered his name. He answered : t!< Is it Frederick?' "£ Ghost of my friend,' I renlied,' I have returned to make expiation. Fritz Wagner lied to mfe, and so I left my love, and mur dered you. I have discovered the truth. I return to give myself to justice. You shall be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me in heaven, and forgive me.' "The spirit advanced. It smiled. It . seized me by the hands with a warm, living clasp. "'I will forgive you,' he said. " God knows I have forgiven ; but as yet I only hope for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered in a little while. A jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' "He opened his arms. I fell into them. We embraced. " «But Therese ?' I said. « Surely, it was her spirit that I saw.' " I saw it also,' he answered. ' Teerese is dead to the world. She is a nun in the con vent close at hand. After you had been gone five years, I asked her to marry me ; but she could love but once. "When her mother died she took the veil. On this an niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. This 'is the night ;I also come. And Therese looks down on me. and smiles. This she esteems a sin, and expiates with penance; but I live on it the year through. To-night she saw only you. She forgot me. Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in leaving her!' '"t " I bowed my head in contrition, and just at that moment there arose from the dark gallery the soft, sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. "Together, standing hand in hand, we I listened. Then, arm in arm, we left the j cathedral. " 1 returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night—every year until the last he wrote: "' I have seen her. With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you.' •' But "last year this is what he wrote: "' She is dead. I believe that she will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle.—" I didn't al ways plough the earth for a. living," said Farmer Penuckle. " I was once a wine mer chant's clerk in Melbourne. I married young, and my wife, who is sitting there now, with the reputation of being as good a farmer's wife as there is ill the country, made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. Like many young couples we had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we were not able to pay all the sums as they fell due. Every thing seemed to be going against us, and our liltle girl was sick. When I came home early one Saturday afternoon and found crape hanging to my door bell. My heart was in my mouth and tears choked me as I met my wife. "4 So dear little Minnie is gone 1' I said. "' Minnie gone 1' said my wife. 4 Oh, no. But the broker's man will be round in a minute to seize the furniture, and I thought i possibly the crape might check him.5 " It checked him. He halted his waggon a dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe to the door, examined the crape, and went softly away, afraid, apparently, that some one might hear him. Minnie recovered, and a few days afterwards I scraped up enough money to pay the bill, but I haven't bought anything on instalments since." Fortune in the Teacup-—Here are a few " old women's signs " for you, girls: If single persons happen to have two spoons in their cup, it is a sign that they will figure prominently at a wedding before the year is out. If you put milk or cream in your tea before the sugar, it will '■ cross your love." If a tea- stalk floats in the cup, it is called " a beau." Unmarried ladies, when this happens, should stir their tea round briskly, and then plant the spoon uprightly in the cap, holding it quite still with the fingers. If the "beau" in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the "beau" will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the cup attract, the " beau " will not come. We may observe that it depends upon the state of the atmosphere whether the tea-stalk is attracted to the middle or the sides of the cup. It is a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small air bubbles, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect themselves and remain in the centre of the cnp. The con trary when they straggle to the sides—it will certainly rain in a few hours. 535 