" Remember." BY T. HEWITSON, LL.B. CHAPTER I. " Isaac Newman, you are a scoundrel ! You have done me bitter injury, and now you come to disturb my last hours by talking of regret and forgiveness. Regret, forsooth, when the evil is done, when you have plundered me to the last penny. Dare you talk of forgiveness to me as a duty ? I must forgive you as I hope to be forgiven, must I ? Perhaps so ; you always were a canting Scripture quoting hypo- crite. I know you now, you see, though I believed in you once : but let me tell you it is not my forgiveness you will want. Can my forgiveness avert the eternal retribution which will surely seek out and punish such sin as yours? As play- mate, friend, and partner did I ever place my interests or happiness before yours ? Answer me, man, and deny if you can that you have always secretly and treacherously plotted to advance your selfish ends at my expense. Fake friend, dishonest partner, covetous, sel- fish, and base is my dying indictment against you. Go and let your own conscience judge be- tween us, but remember——" Here the speaker struggled up in his bed, while the death sweat gathered on, his face and his eyes flamed and started in their sockets, his voice coming at in- tervals in strident harsh gasps. " Remember, when we meet next, accounts will be squared between us." The dying man fell back and lay as he fell without farther speech or motion, I must have shrieked for help, for there came hurrying feet followed by the ringing of bells and anxious messages for the doctor, and my next dazed memory is that of creeping through the wet dimly-lit streets repeating, "Remember, remember," but with no par- ticular consciousness of anything except that I was taking that dead man's curse into my future life, and with it a weight of remorse which must drive me mad. Yet I had never planned him any deliberate wrong. With all my selfishness (I admit my selfishness now) I loved him too much for that. I owed every- thing to his generosity, and he had the rare gift of making his generosity appear so naturally the outcome of his regard for you as to make it a pleasure to be under obligations to him. Strange contradiction. I loved him the while my greediness tempted me step by step to take advantage of his easy nature until I had woven around myself a chain of circumstances which mastered me. There was a time when I could have made restitution, but I said, " Wait ! I can double the restitution." Afterwards, when I would have stopped, I couldn't, and it was the discovery that I had lost all in one grand venture which led to the inevitable confession. He might have for- given even that, but for another discovery, the bare recollection of which even now makes me heartsick. Even that injury was unpre- meditated. He had driven me from his death- bed, and though his denunciations had spared me any reference to his dead sister, we both knew too surely that her memory was the in- fluence that had driven us hopelessly apart. Remember? Yes. God helping me, I would remember, and if restitution to those belonging to him, and a lifetime of bitter remorse could square accounts between us, we might clasp bands as of old at that next mysterious meeting. CHAPTER II. Thirty years had elapsed since the incident which in the sequence of events is placed at the beginning of this authentic history. Ample time to prepare for the transition from a soot- besmirched and fog-bedraggled English city to the dry stifling glare of a summer noonday in Melbourne. It is a time when even the arteries of the city lose their feverish impulsion and grow languid; when those within encourage atmospheric circulation by opening all avail- able inlets and outlets despite the penetrating dust, and those without shrink from the quivering heat into shady byways and under verandahs. There were many spots in Mel- bourne on that day where the glass registered above 100° in the shade, and the office of the Universal Employment Agency Company was about as hot as any. Everything, from the gritty benches to the perspiring clerk, was sug- gestive of heat, and the attitudes of two clients spreading themselves over the counter gave the lie direct to their suggestions that they wanted work. The manager sulkily replying to their enquiries without raising his eyes from his work, except to glance at the clock, scarcely noticed the somewhat furtive entrance of a young man of an aspect decidedly shabby genteel. After a hesitating look at the gen- tleman behind the desk, and finding his pretence unacknowledged, the new-comer sat down carefully, drawing his feet underneath in evident and painful conscious- ness of the deficiencies of his pedal coverings. On removing, his hat he disclosed a singularly interesting face. Not that he was good look- ing nor did the wanness of privation in so young a face strike the observer so much as its powerful individuality, in striking contrast to the hunted misery of his big eyes. Pre- sently 1 o'clock sounded, and the agent, his patience going as his appetite came, closed the folio he was referring to, and without another word turned away and began putting on his hat and coat. The condidates for employment having paid their fees, and not being easily suited, had lost all further interest for him, and having called in a lad, he was walking to the door without a glance at the waiting stranger, when the latter rose — " One moment, sir," he said, following. He spoke with a slight North country accent, "Have you heard of anything?" " No, I haven't young man," interrupted the other, "and if I had what's the use ; you're too cursedly particler for us." " Particular," echoed the stranger, with a miserable laugh. " Say too shabby, starving, and unfriended, and tell God's honest truth, man. You weren't too particular to take a shabby stranger's last shilling on the promise that your word was good enough to get him work." "Here," said the agent, trying to shake off the other's hold on his arm. " None of your blasted impudence, you know Let go, will you ? Go to the Western Port job." "Nay ; walk 80 miles in this weather and these boots, to do work that would kill me in a week. I've gone here and there on your recommendation till I've worn both boots and skin off. Wait," he continued, speaking more broadly in his excitement. " I'll hev' the satis- faction of speaking for my money. I were a fool to think you could help me, and a bigger fool not to know that my shabbiness and sickli- ness would get me insult and suspicion instead of pity and employment." "There, take that, and clear out." The that was a shilling thrown on the pave- ment, as the exasperated agent broke away down the street, swearing'audibly and sweating freely. For one moment the blood rushed to the face of the man, as he looked from the spinning coin to the retreating donor, and he started forward as though he would have fol- lowed, but the step which brought him within reach of the money changed his purpose. He kicked the agent's contribution into the gutter, and then turned his face, whiter then ever, in the opposite direction. During this scene the two vagabonds had lounged out to look on. " Here's luck, Bill," remarked one following the direction of the shilling with his eye, and having picked it out of the sewage and wiped it on his coat sleeve he silently jerked his thumb in the direction of of a public-house nearly opposite, and went across, followed by his mate. Here they drank better days to themselves, with many humorous comments on the simplicity of new chums. In the meantime the new chum, as they called him, was wandering on, one of the many human derelicts tossed on the sea of life in all great cities, starving on the thresholds of opulence and alone in a multitude. We know on the best authority the authority of those who have experienced it, that such things can and do happen, and their occurrence is due not so much to the lack of individual charity as to the miserable exigencies of society, which makes charity a public organisation, to be dis- pensed with offensive formalities by policemen and paid officials, making relief often more dreadful than starvation or suicide. So long as men think they have satisfied the claims of humanity by maintaining destitute asylums and other public charities so long will there be sensitive wretches preferring to starve. Some such reflections may have occurred to this man as he turned into Swanston-street, going, per- haps aimlessly, perhaps impelled by some dreadful instinct, towards the river. In a few minutes he was on the bridge, gazing in a vague abstraction of misery at the thick sluggish stream. " Come, move on there," said the con- stable on duty, but the man not moving the officer took him by the arm and turned him cityward again, with an emphatic recommen- dation to "Be off now." And off he went, as mechanically as a sleep-walker, while the con- stable looked suspiciously after him. Up Swanston-street and Burke street, where he stopped to look in the window of a pastrycook's shop before he pulled out and counted his few remaining coppers. Then he went in, and passing by the stylish assistants, placed two pennies before a plump old lady, and whispered huskily, " Give me as much to eat as that will buy," The old lady glanced at him, and without a word filled and gave him a paper of buns containing three times his money's worth. He hesitated a moment, saw the good old woman's eyes filling, and with a muttered "God bless you" hurried out. He did not stop again until he came to the Treasury Gardens, where, finding a retired nook, he sat down in the shade and devoured his buns with wolfish appetite. He then drew some much-worn letters from his pocket and commenced to read them. Presently he put them back, and, dropping his head on his arms, his weakness and wretchedness found utterance in sobs which shook him like a palsy. So he remained until the western sun beating fiercely on his head brought him to his feet. After a moment of uncertainty he turned and plodded again into the heart of the city. CHAPTER III. On the day we have been speaking of Mr Isaac Newman, wholesale merchant, was ill at ease. Returning after luncheon to his office, which being half buried in the basement of a big warehouse on the shady side of Little Collins-street, was dusky and cool, he had announced himself in the outer office as "engaged." The engagement was evidently with his own thoughts, for he began moodily pacing a half-circle around his office table. In appearance he was tall, spare, and round shouldered, with hair turned white ; too white, as suggesting in contrast to the vigor which lurked in his features something of premature age. On the table lay amongst other docu- ments an open sheet covered with columns of figures, which apparently formed the subject of his reflections, for he stopped after a few turns to pick it up, and after glancing over it threw it back and resumed his perturbed walk. "Seven thousand five hundred pounds," he muttered; "the very sum." After some minutes, during which his step grew slow and uncertain, and his head drooped lower, he abruptly sat down as though breaking off his train of thought and his walk together, and rang a handbell. ''A mere coincidence," he murmured, again addressing himself — " This heat upsets and wearies me ;" and aloud, to the youth who at that moment opened the door, " If Mr. Harry Newman should call, I am not engaged." Here it may be remarked that to those who outside the routine of business claimed only a slight acquaintance with Mr. Newman he was, except in one solitary respect, melancholy and re- spectable—nothing more. Those among his closer acquaintances, however, with better op- portunities for and keener powers of observa- tion said among themselves that the cold, blank surface of character which he showed was, with the exception hinted at, simply an extreme effort of self-repression — a disguise which could not wholly cover the turbulent depths of his inner life. To express what they meant by a simile : he was like a slumbering volcano, which, peaceful to outward seeming, is shuddering with premonitions of a conflict of forces within itself which will ultimately shatter it from its base. All agreed, however, that in one respect he abandoned restraint ; love for his only son was the passion to which he not only yielded, but which he nursed with consuming intensity. He had daughters, whose existence he remembered when he saw them or was called upon to pay their milliner's bills. " They will marry, of course, and be- come mothers, and be merged in some other man's life;' and with this reflection any momentary concern for their future suggested on such occasions would be dismissed. It was not to dress or dower them that he toiled, schemed, and hoped. The golden profits' of his lucky hits and judicious speculations for years past had only gratified and stimulated him in proportion as they enabled him to buy for his boy all the advantages which combined with natural ability would ensure brilliant success in the lad's destined career as a bar- rister and politician. Now, as he still sits musing, it is running in his thoughts that he is in a fair way of becoming a wealthy man, and already the son of his pride is standing bright with the beauty and promise of early man- hood on the threshold of his life's work— a great work, if the influence of money and fatherly ambition can make it great. Alas, fond father ! It is a bright picture, inspired by affection, painted by fancy, and rosy with hope ; but there is a black chilling shadow rising between it and the old man's mental vision — a shadow which creeps noi- somely around him, freezing his blood and stopping his heart's beating with the nameless terror of its icy touch. It is the shadow of that living destiny which even now is almost at the merchant's door. He starts up — "Seven thousand five hundred pounds— seven thousand five hundred pounds ! It must be a coincidence — a strange, strange coincidence !" After a turn around the room he again sits down and goes on thinking. By degrees the air in the room grows heavier, the ticking of the clock becomes muffled to his senses, and the dull roar of traffic dies away. His head sinks on the table and he is asleep. In his sleep he dreams, and this is the dream as he afterwards related it to the doctor. He saw a bright landscape of wooded hills and grassy meadows, through which flowed a wide river. Something in the scene suggested vague associations of his early days, and while he was striving to disentangle the confusion of his memory into definite recollec- tion he noticed that the sunlight was blotted out in a moment, and hills, meadows, and rivers were being rapidly enshrouded in dark- ness. A glance at the sky explained the cause — an enormous murky cloud hung over the prospect like a pall, and was gradually settling down. Lower and lower it sank, until it lay like a black mist over the river, shutting it from sight and casting a weird gloom over the surroundings. As it touched the water the black mass slowly unfolded like a shadowy curtain, disclosing a circle of pale unreflected light, in the centre of which stood two human forms. As the misty light grew clearer the features of both came slowly out into terrible distinctness. One was the face of a young man, livid and deathlike, with solemn reproach- ful eyes, which gazed right into the dreamer's. The other was the face of Harry Newman, a noble face, expressing at that moment, as he stretched out both hands to his father, unutter- able pity and love. Even while the dreamer was striving with desperate frenzy to recover speech and motion, the two forms sank through the cloud to the river bed, the gloomy curtain enfolded them once more, and the whole scene faded away. Then came a period of oblivion, followed by an awakening into partial con- sciousness of the sounds of many footfalls at a distance. Gradually by some mysterious per- ception one footstep became distinguishable from the many ; at first distant like the others, but gradually approaching and growing ominously louder at each approach. And now a dreadful fear fell on the sleeper. Hestruggled to awake, for at any risk he must fly from that coming footstep. Now it is in the very street ; all other sounds are hushed in the echo of its pitiless advance, and in his mortal agony the sleeper is beating the air with clenched fists and foaming at the lips. Nearer and louder like angry thunder. Is it at the door? It is here, and with one convulsive effort Mr. New- man started to his feet, and opened his eyes at the same moment on a dark figure standing opposite. The room had grown duskier, and the merchant, bewildered and only half con- scious, leaned forward and peered with staring, terrified eyes ; slowly the hidden features grew out of the gloom into perfect distinctness, and the figure spoke, but the words were unheard by Newman, for the face confronting him was the face livid and death like seen in his dream, and with a choking gasp and a clutch in the air he had gone right down in a doubled -up, quivering heap. Five minutes later a cab was driven hastily up to the door of Newman's warehouse, and one of the clerks jumped out and went hurriedly inside, followed more slowly by an elderly gentleman. After an interval they returned with the old merchant tottering between them, and having helped him into the cab, Dr. Kirkham, the elderly gentleman, got in also, and gave the word " Albion Villa,—— street, Richmond." For the doctor Mr. Newman evinced about as much friendship as was left in his nature, and even that had grown to some extent out of the doctor's interest in young Newman. "Sakes, mon," the doctor was wont to observe, " but ye've spoiled a rare doctor. Why misdevote a gran' nature and cramp a large heart in the dell's sairvice. You can hae but two classes in the law— guid lawyers but bad men, guid men but bad lawyers." It is only fair to observe that few men brought a larger heart to the duties of their calling than the speaker himself. Nature had diplomaed him by stamping on his face a flattering certificate of philanthropy, and many years of varied colonial experience had neither soured his native good- nature nor cured his native brogue. These characteristics are mentioned to explain what took place when, after a silent drive, they arrived at Mr. New- man's residence. Albion Villa was a type of the class known as modern villas, rather prettily situated on the Yarra, and surrounded by well-cultivated grounds, which extended almost to the river bank. Having dismissed their driver, and pleaded indisposition to Mrs. Newman, who met the doctor with a stately welcome, Mr, Newman led the way to the study. "I don't read much myself, " he said, motion- ing the doctor to a seat, and sitting down him- self with a weary smile. "I've long since given up possession to Harry, and only get admission now as a visitor." "He keeps a' the mental and pheesical im- plements o' cultivation handy, I obsairve," answered the other, glancing from the dumb- bells, bat, and pads, and other sporting paraphernalia lying in one corner to the book- littered table. "Yes; he knows how to use them, too, I think." The father's eyes glistened for a moment as he followed the doctor's glance until they rested on the page of an open note-book on the table, and grew fixed in gloomy reverie. "Painfu'thoughts," said the doctor, mentally, watching him; and then aloud, "Come, you're feverish and tired ; tak' my advice and say naething noo that ye can say as weel or better the morrow. I'll dose ye, and do ye retire airly." " No, no ; if you can spare the time let me speak at once. You'll do me more good by hearing me. If s friendly counsel, not physic, that I want." "Aye; if you're suffering trouble tell it. It's often the best cure. Doot my pheesic if ye like, but dinna doot my advice and sympathy." CHAPTER IV. The first part of Newman's confidence is given in substance at the opening of this story. "I need not take up your time with details of the difference between my partner, James Wharton, and myself," he con- tinued. "The business portion of them arose out of our partnership; of the other I dare not think, much less speak. To come to what I wish to speak of. I confess, to my shame, that my vow of restitution was for- gotten as time and change by degrees dead- ened the remorse of my first repentance. I suppose this was natural. I left England almost immediately after Wharton's death, and the next few years went quickly in the excitement of a digger's life. When I settled down I wanted all my money to start business with, and all my energy and attention to keep going; and when at last I began to make money I had found another object to work and grow rich for. You know what that was; and here, again, I suppose my motives were proper and natural." He paused, seeming to expect the doctor's opinion while afraid to challenge it. " Proper and natural, certainly, under ordi- nary circumstances," put in his hearer gravely. "But not in my circumstances you mean. Well, a month ago I would have quarrelled with any man who implied as much, but the past has given up its dead, as I may say, pretty freely within the last few days. Old memories have kept me busy trying to justify my motives to myself, and I can't. I have been a practical man, with no superstitious weakness about me until now. Now I'm haunted, doctor, literally haunted. If the shadows that follow me are, as they say, the shadows of coming events, there is some dread- ful calamity hanging over me and my — my— family." The old man paused, and shakily pouring out a glass of wine drank it at a gulp. Then at a nod from the doctor, and with a melan- choly effort of humor, he proceeded. "Thank you, doctor, for not suggesting liver complaint or indigestion, which is a colonial doctor's explanation of half the trouble in life. It's exasperating to a practical man in real trouble to be told that his liver or his mucous mem- brane is making a fool of him. No cause in me has called up past recollections, and no effort of mine ; quite the reverse— they have crowded in on me in spite of myself, thicker and thicker each day, sleeping and waking, for a week past. I don't even know how or when it began. To-morrow — Christmas Eve is the birthday of poor Wharton's death; but that fact won't explain it. I've spent, God forgive me, many a Christmas with out giving it a thought. But hear what happened yesterday. As I said, I have been in this mental state for more than a week ; and yesterday, when I saw my balance sheet for the past year, why, good heavens ! the balance of profit shown was the exact amount I owed Wharton at his death. A co- incidence, you are thinking ; so might I at any other time, but to-day something else happened. I fell asleep in the office after lunch, and had a strange dream." After describing the dream as already told, the old merchant continued, leaning close to the doctor, " I woke up and jumped up almost at the same minute. I can't describe how I felt. It was a feeling that some- thing was near me, something uncanny and strange. I saw on opening my eyes a man's figure with only the dark outlines visible at first. Thinking I was still half dreaming, I looked until the face of the figure seemed to start into the light. It was James Wharton's face— every feature as I saw him in my dream and as I re- membered him on his dying bed. No wonder I fainted. Why, if my brain had taken fire and my heart burst it would have seemed a very natural result of the horror of that moment. What does it all mean, doctor? Tell me what you think, for I am half mad with thinking of it." For a moment the other sat silent. While he was thinking some one tapped at the door. The doctor was rising when the door was opened and a head popped into the room, " Excuse disturbing you," said the owner of the head, "but— why, bless me, you're in dark ness !" " Come in, Harry. I'm having a chat with the doctor." "How are you, doctor? Shall I light up? They told me at the office you had been sent home ill, father," he continued, as he struck a match and mounted a chair. "I hope it's nothing serious." "No, my boy, a mere faintness." The young man got off the chair and turned to shake hands with Dr. Kirkham. Seen in the light he certainly was a fine sample of an Australian, with a kind open face. "You look thoroughly done up. No wonder, after such a day," he said to his father. " It's been the hottest this summer, doctor." "Sae I should think. But where hae you been baking yersel a' day? You're done brown, laddie." " Quite likely. I put in a couple of hours' practice on the oval." "Hear that—Gie these colonial salamanders a bat and ball, Newman, they'd play cricket on the hearthstane o' Hades, wi' the de'il for lang- stap." "Long-stop would have a long innings when his turn come though, but I was told to say dinner is waiting for you both, so don't keep the doctor too long." 'Thanks, but ye maun excuse me, I canna stay. I'll see you just noo, Harry," he con- tinued, as the young man was going " aboot club matters." When Harry had gone the doctor said, " Noo, dear sir, I'll no say but what I'm sur- prised at your story. You're no that nervous or fanciful as to imagine it a' so readily. I'd like to think it oot; to diagnose it completely before I advise. To help me I'll ask a ques- tion or two. Was anybody in the office during your sleep, do you ken ? Mr. Newman shook his head. "Ye dinna ken. Weel, that can be learnt, I daur say. Do ye correspond wi' frens in England. Wi' any one in Lanca- shire?" "No." " Think hard a minute. Has naething oot- side your ane thoughts happened lately to remind you of your past connection wi' Wharton?" " No ; I told you I know of nothing." "Did Wharton leave children?" " His only child died during Wharton's life." "Do ye ken anything o' his other family connections at present ?" " Nothing at all." " Weel, I won't pester further. Dinna leave home till I see you the morn. I'll ca' airly and talk the whole matter over. This much I'll say noo ; mak' up your mind at once to mak' amends by finding Warton's representa- tives and fulfilling your pledge of restitution. You canna dae mair. As for your fear o' coming evil, remember, mon, that a' events in oor lives are ordered by an all-wise Providence. If a wrang's been done, repent and repair it, and you'll find that the self-same hand that dispenses justice to the guilty is supremely merciful to the repentant. Put yoursel' wi' a' your trouble in that hand, and whatever happens then canna be evil." In the pauses of this (for him) somewhat long speech, the doctor had commenced writing a prescription. "Pheesic for the mind; noo for the body," he continued, finishing it. " Guid- bye, and cheer up." On the verandah the doctor found young Newman waiting. " Doctor," he said, "there's something wrong with the pater ; I saw it in his face. What is it?" " Here," returned the doctor, giving him the prescription, "send for this. Gie him an hoor o' your liveliest company, Harry, between noo and bed. Chess, cards, books, whatever he fancies, and the dose at bedtime, and there'll be naething the matter." "Not much wrong, to judge by the remedy. I'll brighten him up, never fear, but you hav'n't said now what the matter is. What's the diagnosis, doctor?" "D—— n the diagnosis. Luik here, my boy, you've got the best o' fathers. You're a good son, I know ; be the beat o' sons." " Is that advice or reproach, doctor ?" " Advice. Guid-bye." "Thank you, I'll remember it. Good-bye. Oh, but the club, you know?" " Anither time," bawled the other, now half- way to the gate. " Guid-bye." Harry returned indoors. His father was not in the dining-room, so he proceeded to the study. The door was ajar, and he heard the old man's voice muttering brokenly within. Instinctively he hesitated, uncertain whether to go in or retire, and his features grew rigid while he paused within hearing of the sobbing, broken- hearted murmur—" My God— guilty— guilty— visit me — take all — spare my son — spare the innocent." The young man turned to creep away, and as he did so the voice ceased for an instant. "Harry?" "Yes, father," replied Harry, going in. The merchant was rising off his knees, Harry thought, but perhaps he was mistaken. " Give me your arm, my boy, and let us go to dinner. Don't notice me," he continued, seeing the expression of concern in his son's face, " I'm only a little wearied." "Really, father, I'll have to change places with you, and assume the responsibility of shortening your business hours." "It's not that; at least it's not that only. Cer- tainly business takes close attention, and be- sides I'm getting old ; creeping into the shady side of life, Harry." " Say the sunset side, pater. That suggests warmth and glow." " Aye, and twilight after, my son ; but dinner waits, so come along." Arm in arm they entered the dining-room. The dinner circle consisted of the merchant, his wife, Harry, and two sisters, comely, lady- like girls of 15 and 17 respectively. Dinner at Newman's was generally a dull affair. Mrs. Newman ate little, and the little she did eat disagreed with her. Some perverse quality of her gastric juices apparently turned all her alimentary secretions into starch, for her stiff- ness and dignity at meal times especially were an aggravated reproach to common sense, and a nightmare to the uninitiated. Mr. Newman, silent with most people, met his wife with the polite reserve due to a distant acquaintance. The young ladies limited themselves to the smallest of small talk, so that the only conver- sation on general topics was usually confined to father and son. This evening, however, the conversation grew pretty lively, The mer- chant's spirits seemed suddenly to have risen with a rebound above their normal level. He even ventured to fire off a joke at his wife, but missed deplorably, for the only visible effect was a portentious wag of her chignon, with the slanderous remark that " wine on an empty stomach was bad." "Authorities differ it seems," put in Harry. "Timothy's medical adviser said something just the opposite, mother." " What's your programme for the holidays, Lucy?" asked Mr. Newman, turning to his eldest daughter. The question answered its purpose of turning the current of talk into another channel, where it flowed prattlingly until at Harry's suggestion both gentlemen went outside. Here they sat behind the lattice- work screen of the verandah facing the river, the elder with his pipe and the younger with his cigarette. From the stifling heat indoors to the open air was a grateful change. Grateful to the old man's overwrought senses was the deep and peaceful repose of tired nature. Night, lately skimming the near ocean, was now like the spirit of life fluttering her wings, cool with salt spray and laden with fresh breezes over the panting earth, fanning the fevered city into sleep. The silvery shimmer of a young moon filled the sky, enshroud- ing the solemn radiance of the stars with a pale ghostly mist like the twilight of death. Casting lengthening uncertain shadows and dancing in swift twinkling beauty on a thousand leaves, tremulous with the breath of night. The old man, except for occasional in- terjections, smoked his pipe in silence, while Harry chatted gaily and the strains of a piano came at spasmodic intervals from within as the girls alternately gossiped and played. Thus the evening wore away, and Harry having gone from one subject to another and exhausted each, noticed his father nodding. " I've fairly talked him sleepy," he muttered. "Well, let him sleep, poor old chap," and light- ing another cigarette he lay back and set him- self to think of his father's singular conduct. Trying to reason out a conclusion on the basis of conjecture is vain and unprofitable, as Harry found. After thinking for some minutes the only conclusion he had arrived at was that he was getting sleepy himself, and while trying to analyse the sensation of sleepiness off he went. The key to the strange riddle was nearer at hand than the young man thought. If, like the old man dozing at his side, his spirit lightened of its sleeping clay could have snatched an awesome glimpse behind the veil of the near future, that glimpse would surely have disclosed the figure of a shabby young man, with wan face and big sad eyes. Such a man had that evening toiled dustily and painfully from the city towards Richmond. After many enquiries he had turned into the street he sought, and about the time that Harry Newman fell asleep the wayfarer had sank down in utter weariness in the shadow of a garden fence, against which he sat with his knees drawn up to his chin. After some minutes a person passed that way, and the man, looking up, enquired for Albion Villa. The turned-up face was paler, notwith- standing its dusty griminess, than when it had shamed the employment agent out of a shilling some hours before ; for it was the same man. "Albion Villa? Mr. Newman's, isn't it? This side next the river," replied the passer- by, pointing up the street. " Thank you ;" and, rising stiffly, he limped away in the direction indicated. In the meantime Mr. Newman and his son still slept, the one dosing in unnatural fitful torpidity, and the other breathing the regular inspiration of deep sleep. Indoors all was still now. The moon had touched the horizon, and the street opposite was only visible in the faint reflection of a distant gaslamp. Pre- sently a dark figure stole out of the shadows towards the river, and stopping opposite stood motionless and dimly defined, evidently gazing at the house. Just then Mr. Newman started up with a half-stifled exclamation, and glared around until his glance rested stupidly on his still sleeping son. Then he rose and com- menced to pace the length of the verandah, and as he did so the motionless figure stole back unobserved into the shadows. Back- ward and forward went the old man, struggling with the disquieting demon which again pos- sessed him. Backward and forward until the words of the doctor returned to his mind. " All events in our lives are ordered by Provi- dence ;" and he stopped to look up at the stars, eloquent with lessons of infinity and eternity. " Providence ! Nay, it is all mystery. I am myself a mystery; for are there not percep- tions within me which even now link me with the Incomprehensible, and bring me within touch of the Invisible? And I tremble be- cause I cannot understand myself, God is a mystery. Can He alter the great Has Been of the past ; and if not, can He then alter the great Shall Be? since in eternity there is neither past, present, nor future, but all events are immutably placed in the measureless round of cycles. And yet instinct is stronger than reason ; for as the suffering child to its mother my heavy heart looks Godward for sympathy and help." Again the figure stole out of the shadows and passed unseen towards the river. Then Harry commenced to mutter in his sleep and roll his head uneasily. His father immedi- ately went to him, and placing his hand with caressing tenderness on the lad's forehead, whispered, "Poor boy; has it come to you at last?" Instantly Harry woke up. "Halloa, father; I thought you were nap- ping." "Your thoughts were in dreamland a minute ago. Harry." " Was I dreaming aloud ? By George, I had a queer sensation for a minute or two. My foot's asleep yet. Have you been awake long? " he asked. "Not ten minutes. But what was your dream?" enquired the father. " I can't say I was dreaming ; merely a mild nightmare. But isn't it late ?" "Yes," replied Mr. Newman. "It's my bedtime, if not yours." They went inside together, and said good night at Mr. Newman's bedroom door. Long after his father under the influence of the doc- tor's draught had sunk into a heavy sleep. Harry was moving restlessly about the house. Whether owing to the recollection of his mild nightmare, or to the influence of late events, the idea of bed was strangely repugnant. With- out undressing he lay down and tried to read, but soon found himself listening to the low mournful hum of the night wind as it now and again stirred the cypress tree at his window. Then his thoughts took up the sound, and shaped it into the weeping refrain— "Spare my son ; spare the innocent." What did it mean, and what did the doctor's words mean? Dr. Kirkham knew, and must explain. Then with a fitful intention of working himself sleepy he stole, light in hand, into the study. He first tried a page of the Digest, but threw it down shortly with an exclamation of dis- gust, and picked up a volume of Tennyson. After reading a few lines he put the open book face downward on the table and returned to his bedroom. Here he set down the light, and first glancing at his watch, went out into the verandah for another breath of fresh air. It was long after midnight, and the silence and majesty of the night were de- pressing to one in his mood. He remained only a few minutes, and was just turning to go inside again when he saw the figure of a man emerge out of the shadow of the trees which skirted the river end of the garden. The figure moved swiftly toward the bridge, passing under the full glare of the gaslight into the gloom beyond. Perhaps the peculiarity of the incident, or some unaccountable impulse more likely, prompted young Newman to keep the retreating figure in view. He walked down the garden, across the lawn, and vaulting the fence came in a few steps to the edge of the river. As he did so he saw the same figure standing motionless on the bridge under the light of the central lamp, gazing, it seemed, at the black water. For one-half minute, perhaps, Harry watched him in idle curiosity ; the next, with a sudden thrill, he realised what was about to happen, for, merciful God, the man was climbing the parapet. The spectator's wild cry as he started forward was answered from the street by another alarm. There was a vision of a white horror-stricken face turned skyward, of a body turning in mid-air and a heavy splash, and the next instant young Newman had darted a dozen yards along the bank, and was far out in the water striking out for the middle of the stream. And now, came the struggle for dear life. The man had sank deep where he struck the water, but the current had brought him down and there he was, a black object bub- bling on the surface a few feet away; half senseless indeed, but fighting death with all his brute instincts of self- preservation re- awakened. And now, with a knowledge of his danger, the swimmer prepared to get past and seize him from behind; but the precaution came too late. Already one arm was gripped by the drowning man, and while Harry struggled, threatened, and implored he lost his own judgment and was forced beneath the water. Rising breathless with a roaring in his ears he did not hear the sound of oars and shouts of encouragement close by, but a rapid change of position had enabled him to shake off the other's grip and keep him, inert and without movement now, head above water. His strength was going, his eyes were growing dim, and his sodden clothes were weighing him down as he turned for the bank. He heard the shout of coming help this time, and feebly replied ; but the boatman had missed them in the uncertain light, and had to tarn his boat's head back up stream, and Harry was already sinking. Still, hero-like, he only tightened his hold|on the other and sought to recall his fleet- ing powers of mind and body to face death bravely if need be. One more effort — the boat was alongside, and the supported body was being pulled in and laid in the bottom, while the boatman called out to Harry "to lay hold of the side." A cool head and a hand to each would have saved both, but when the boat- man turned again Harry Newman was gone. CHAPTER V. Next morning Dr. Kirkham, commencing his usual round an hour earlier, drove straight to Albion Villa. He found his patient still in bed, much rested and more tranquil. After the usual commonplaces the doctor went straight to the subject of the preceding evening. "Weel, Newman, your ghost of yester e'en is likely to prove substantial flesh and blood noo." " How so ?" enquired the other. " This way. I made it my business to see the young fellow who found you fainting. He says a stranger came into the coonting hoose and tauld him you were in a fit o' some sort. 'The gentleman fell doon while I was speaking to him' were the words, or something like that. Who the stranger was, or what his busi- ness, or hoo he got admission wi' sae sma' cere- mony the youngster could na say, for he lost no time in attending to you, while the stranger seems to hae lost no time in getting oot o' the road. Hoobeit he ca'ed wi' a purpose, I daur say, and will maist likely repeat the visit. If he does they're to tak' notes o' his name and business, if no private." " Did Prout say what he was like ?" broke in the merchant. " I was coming to that. A young man wi' dark hair, pale face, shabby grey claes, and black hat. Prout, as ye ca' him, wad recognise the man by his eyes, he says. Hooever, that disposes o' the apparition. Whether ye saw a real likeness, or, suddenly waking up frae dreaming wi' the impression o' the dream still in your mind, your fancy communicated that impression to the first face ye saw, does na much matter. What ye saw was a living mon, no the ghost o' a dead ane. Then as for the dream. Noo ye ken dreams are either the re- production o' senseetive impressions received during oor waking hoors, or——" Here the doctor's dissertation was cut short by the entry of Mrs. Newman with the morning paper. " What a shocking occurrence !" she cried. " Did you read it, doctor ?" showing him para- graph. "An attempted suicide; at our very door too." Dr. Kirkham took the paper and was glanc- ing over it. " What !" he suddenly shouted. "In the name o' utter de'ilment, what's this ? Why, sakes alive, Newman, here's an astonishing thing." "What— the suicide?" said Newman, who had started up in bed. "Aye, and the name. Luik at the name, mon," continued the doctor, thrusting the paper into Newman's hand — "James Whar- ton." "James Wharton," repeated the other dazedly. He took the paper and read the paragraph. It briefly reported an attempted suicide in the Yarra at Richmond, and a gallant rescue at the cost, it was feared, of the rescuer's life. The reporter added that the would-be suicide's name was believed to be James Wharton|from evidence found on him, but that no particulars of the man supposed to be drowned were known, the report having been received only at the last moment. The old man dropped the paper and looked up helplessly at the doctor. "After a'," said that gentleman, by this time ashamed of his impulsiveness, " it's only a singular circumstance that the name should turn up just noo. For the rest the puir fellow is perhaps one o' fifty o' the same name." "Where's Harry?" said Newman, address- ing his wife. "Goodness knows. On the river, most likely. He ought to be in by this," "Be good enough to see if he is back." The lady's silence as she swept out of the room was in evident resentment of both the manner and tone of the request. But in a minute she was back. " Oh, Isaac ; his bed hasn't been slept in," "Not slept in?" echoed her husband, and the doctor saw his face turn grey. " Tut, mon ; dinna be alarmed at that. He may have stretched on the verandah. Allow me to see," and Dr. Kirkham strode to Harry's room. A glance showed that the bedclothes had not been occupied, though they had been lain on, and the candle had burnt out in the socket. When the doctor returned Mrs, Newman was gone and her husband was dressing. " Has he no come back ?" " No ; I wish he were, I wish to God he were." " He'll come soon. He's evidently lain doon to read and gone off to sleep, for the cannel was left to burn awa'. I'll walk to the bridge and see if his boat's aboot." The doctor hurried out. Despite his assu- rances, the sense of too much mystery was beginning to oppress him and fill him with misgiving. At the bridge he saw only the usual sprinkling of morbid sight-seers, who, for the complete enjoyment of the late tragedy, preferred to picture and discuss its details amid the proper surroundings. Hardly daring to confess his motives even to himself, the doctor passed on to the local police station, where he made some enquiries about the drowned man, with no result beyond learning that the body, so far as they knew, had not been found. " And the other man ?" "Oh, he is all right," was the reply, "and didn't seem over pleased to find himself still alive. He had been taken," the doctor's in- formant added, "to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was likely to stay for a day or so." Going back to the villa the doctor found his unfortunate friend in a lethargy of misery and all the family alarmed. It took all the self-control and in- sistency the doctor could command to combat their worst fears without showing his own, and to obtain their promise to leave all enquiry to him. Then having made a few hasty visits elsewhere, he drove straight back to the city morgue and repeated his enquiries. Yes, a body had just been brought in which he could see. " Found in the Yarra," said the officer, as having led the way in he reverently uncovered the dead. No need to seek further. The slime of the river still clung to his wavy hair, but death's obliterating touch had spared enough to leave no doubts of identity. "Puir, pair Harry," groaned the doctor; "aye, cover him unp. Dust to dust. His place noo is inoor memories,'' and Dr. Kirkham returned with slow step and heavy heart to his carriage, and was driven to his consulting-rooms. Here he sat in painful thoughts for some minutes. "It maun be done," he sighed at length; "but hoo ?" And taking pen and paper he wrote :— "I have found him. He has met with an acci- dent," I daren't go nearer the truth. " It will prepare them," he communed, and then added the words — " Will see you within an hour." First enclosing and addressing it to I. Newman, Esq., he went out and gave it to his coachman with instructions to drive at once to Albion Villa and deliver it. Then he started on foot for the hospital. He had no difficulty in getting admission to the accident ward, and on entering the nurse who ac- companied him pointed out a young man propped up in bed, "That's the man." At the doctor's approach the patient turned on him a pair of eerie dark eyes and a face of deadly pallor. "I am Dr. Kirkham," said that gentleman, seating himself by the bedside, " with your leave I'll ask a question or two." The man kept those strange eyes of his fixed on his visitor's face, but said not a word. " I'm asking on behalf o' the relations o' the youth who lost his life saving yours," continued the doctor apologetically. " I didn't want saving," spoke the man hoarsely. "It were a wasted sacrifice, yet a kind one, God knows, a nobly kind one." "You are James Wharton?" The other nodded, while a scarcely perceptible flicker of surprise gleamed in his steady gaze, " and frae Lancashire by your accent ?" " Bolton," put in the other. " Was your father a Bolton man ?" " He was." " And his name ?" " James Wharton." " I've heard of James Wharton ; formerly in business wi' one Isaac Newman. He died aboot 30 years ago." " That was my father. What ——" "But, mon," interrupted the doctor, "he left no children living." " Aye, but he did ; he left me, born six months after the day he deed." " Then," said the doctor, rising, "if you're what you say, James Wharton, you'll live to find life's worth keeping; and then you'll be amazed as I am at the awfu' dispensation o' Providence which made yon puir lad's life the price o' yours. Nay, dinna ask why. You've foun' fren's, that's a'. There's my card ; if I'm no back before ye quit this, go straight to that address." It was Christmas Day. A merry Christmas perchance to those for whom the current of events ran smoothly; to those who, with faith and patience begotten of the holiness of the time, found strength to bury the dead past, and rejoice in new-born hope for the future. A sad Christmas in the households where the Destroyer's hand, without respect to season, had plucked down the mistletoe and ivy to replace them with the cypress and nightshade. Sad to the mourners, who, like Isaac Newman, found the lessons of life hard to learn, and re- belled beneath the rod. Albion Villa was darkened and hushed. The first loud lamen- tation of the women had been awed into silence and pity, for they seemed the mere noisy mockery of grief in the presence of the old man's tearless despair. All the long Christmas Eve, and far into Christmas Day, he had sat alone with his dead. When Lucy begged him to retire he had for long neither by word nor look shown any consciousness, but still stared at vacancy, until aroused by her tearful embraces, he had uttered fierce blasphemies, anon imprecating and again denying his Creator in the madness which prompts sorrow- ing men to curse God and die. Then insensi- bility relieved his sufferings, and before mid- night he was in his bed babbling nursery rhymes, and in his delirium dandling his baby boy again on his knees or soothing him with plaintive lullaby to sleep. A sad Christmas indeed. CHAPTER VI. A year has passed, and it is again the even- ing of Christmas Day. The open window of Albion Villa affords a glimpse of the brightly- lit drawing-room and a cheerful family group, the central figure of which is old Isaac Newman, older now and stooping more than ever. Two gentlemen are on the verandah conversing in low voices, " I hae been dreading this day, and canna express the relief I feel at finding oor fren' sae cheerfu'." The speaker is Dr. Kirkham. " But the fac' is his whole life has been a struggle between duty and inclination, and noo the struggle's past and his mind's at rest." " Yet I'm sure he thinks of his son every day. He can bear to talk of him and hear him talked of latterly," replied James Wharton, now the junior partner of Newman and Co. " Aye, but what does that prove? that he has learnt to associate his thoughts o' Harry wi' the future. Mair than that, Wharton, to a degree you hae replaced the loss by reviving his airly love for your father ; and the mair he does for ye the mair he feels, as he says, that the auld account is being squared." " Whatever ill he did my father I forgive as surely as God does, for his dead Harry's sake, not to speak of what he's done for me himself. The balance is on t'other side by a long way now." " Weel, Wharton, its no the least o' the auld man's comforts to find your gratitude sae sin- cere and manifest." "By-the- bye, doctor, you once mentioned the queer circumstances leading up to what hap- pened last Christmas Day. Hev' you any opinion as to the cause ?" " You'll find my opeenions a wee bit auld- fashioned, Wharton, as opeenions go noo-a- days. Your scientific nineteenth century man maintains that a' phenomena in the life and experience o' man are governed by unchanging laws, either physiological or psychological. Tae him a meeracle is naething mair than a subject for investigation. If he meets a ghaist, instead o' running awa' or stiffening oot like his gran'- father wad hae done, he calmly tak's oot his notebook and says, ' Be good enough to point out the objective reality which you represent.' He leaves naething to Providence unless its the making o' His ain laws. ' Admitting that what ye ca' Providence makes thae laws," says he, ' weel and guid ; but let Him no interfere wi' them when made.' Sae the state o' mind or impressions which led Newman suddenly and aboot the time o' your arrival here to think o' your father wi' remorse an' foreboding, the impulse which led you to the warehouse, and then, getting the address, to come oot and bang aboot the hoose, he ca's thought transference or telepathy — one mind through space influencing anither. The dream he causates in the same way; hence ye hae the whole chain o' events originating in the operation o' a simple law o' the mind. I'll no controvert the theory. For mysel' I prefair the auld faith in an Overruling Power, whose Hand can be plainly seen in this case. But they are calling us ; let us go in." And rising they pass together into the light. 