A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD. By JAMES PATN, Author of '.Lost Sir Masdngberd,' .'By Proxy,' 'The Heir of the Ages,' &c; f Published by special Arrangement with* the author. All rights teserred.] Chapter XYIL— Rescue Bay, Rescue ;Bay, as it was presently christened by common consent, in which the ladies now found themselves, pre sented a very different appearance from that which it had offered to their eyes twelve hours before. Not a trace of storm was to be seen on sea or shore ; the breeze which blew from the hind only just sufficed to spread the Union Jack which had already been planted on the summit of the wooded cliff, not so much in sign of sovereignty as to attract, without loss of time, the attention of a passing^ vessel, if such perchanse should, like their own, be ever driven from her course into those un frequented seas. The great expanse of glittering sand was already marked out into spaces for the reception of human tenants, or for the accommodation of stores, a goodly heap of which was already piled above high water mark. Knots of men, as busy as bees, were dryiug powder hi the sun or sitting under the shade of the rocks with which the sand was inter spersed, cleaning and polishing their small armB. It was noticeable that, notwitstanding this unusual industry, every man now and then looked up from his occupation to gaze seawards, where operations were going on, on which, as they well knew, depended not only their hopes, of future enfranchisement, but it might be even their means of subsistence. A hasty survey of the island had already been made, which, as has. been Baid, had been found to be uninhabited ; but it still remained to be seen whether it offered any sustenance for human life. Water, indeed, it possessed in plenty,! for down the centre of the cliff there fell, with leaps and bounds, a silver stream of sufficient volume to make its course visible through the sand until it reached' the shore, where it emptied itself into a land locked harbor. The reef, in fact, on which the Ganges had come to grief formed a natural break water, which, though extending to the shore in a westward direction, left on the east a sufficiently broad'pass≥ to have admitted her with safety in daylight in almost any weather ; while, ojice under its protection,'she could haveancaored in company with a dozen ships of the same size, shielded even from the east wind by a projecting promontory of the land. The question now on which 'so much was depending, was whether the ship could be got off, in which case it could^possibly be towed into harbor and repaired .. In the meantime, while the present fine weather lasted, every moment of day* light was utilised in bringing off stores, provisions, and every article'' 'which could conduce to the general comfort and convenience. - For this purpose not only the boats, but also the raft, had been dia patched to the reef and was now anchored on the sheltered side of it, and with the naked eye the men could be perceived TnftVipg their way across the rocks that composed it, each with his burthen on his back, like ants on ant-hill. It was a atrange and stirring spectacle, and moved the two ladies much, .though in a different manner. Edith gazed upon it with admiration-, which was notfwithout a touch of cynlclBm. Where would be the 'use, was the reflection that occurred ? to her, of all that industry, and solicitude if the wanton wind should rise but for an hou^ or the slumberous sea begin to yawn. To Aunt Sophia's eyes it seemed that success must needs crown such arduous efforts. She even ventured to picture to herself once more in England, np longer the commonplace and conven tional personage whose role she had hitherto been content to play, bub a female Ulysses, on whose lips, as she detailed her wanderings and adventures, quite the best society would be eager to The interest of this distant scene for the moment indeed made the two new comers quite oblivious t6 the fact'that Mr. Ainsworth was waiting for tbem, and his breakfast in the foreground. Ha had kindled a fire on which seme coffee was preparing, and spread out a 'little table cloth on the sand, whereoa potted meats marmalade, and other condiments were laid. as for a picnic. ' Where on earth did yo« get all these dainties ?' exclaimed A:ant' Sophia, as she warmly shook hands with him, her spirits already elevated, rising seVeral degrees higher at the contemplation of a feast, which the air of the place rendered as welcome as it was unexpected. ' My dear Edith, there are actually eggs'!' - ' The fowls, like all the rest of us, have been doing their duty,' -returned the chaplain, as' pleased wi&! the' younger lady's grateful smile as by her companion's more exuberant satisfaction. ' It Is to Mr. Maraden that you axe- indebted for the sundries, and to Mr. Pedmayne for the potted shrimps. Mr.' Doyle contri buted the marmalade, but that we have agreed is not to be put to His credit, for out of two pots whichhe brought ashore one broke in his pocket. The captain himself supplied the coffee pot and Its contents, and your humble servant} ' collected the sticks for the fire.' ' \ 'But where, except the sticks, did ib all come from, Mr. Ainsworth ?' enquired Edith. 'Is It possible that you gentle men have been ransacking- tlte Ganges for our comfort, while we two 'sluggards were asleep ?' ' ' ' 'While you were taking that rest which nature demanded, let us rather say, and which your courage and conduct, permit me to add, have nobly earned, some of the officers and a boat's crew made a trial trip to our old home, and picked up what they could. They are now laying her under contributions on a much more extended scale. The neces sity of it is plain enough, but it goes sorely against the grain with our poor little captain. He says that it seems to him like taking the money out of the pocket of a dead friend.' ' Does he think, then, the -a ;s no hope of the ship's ever being got off ?' enquired Aunt Sophia; looking up from her egg as tfitwere-fdcUed. -;;-, ^ .:. ' He cannot say that for certain till he has made a more particular survey of the wreck,' said the chaplain evasively, at the same time bringing a telescope to bear upon the object In question. 'He is now coming off In the jolly boat, I see, and will no doubt bring us news of the matter. However it may be, dear ladies,' he added gravely, ' let us remember we have very much to be thankful for even as it is.' 'Thatis just what Robinson Crusoe said, or was it the parrot ?' observed Aunt Sophia. Nothing was farther from her thoughts than any disrespect to the chap lain, but the effect of the observation was disastrous. ' In such a condition as our own, Miss Norbury,' returned Mr. Ainsworth re provingly, 'believe me, that the virtue it behoves us most to practice is that of resig nation to the 'will of Providence.' ' No doubt, no doubt ; but let us hope tbat things are not come to the worst yet,' said Aunt Sophia naively. ' Never say die while there's a shot in the locker,' observed Master Conollyas he disposed of a sardine neatly packed in a layer of marmalade between a couple of sweet biscuits. It was a contribution ap posite enough to the conversation, but not on the whole calculated to allay irritation. A glance which the good chaplainhappened to cast at Edith, however, put all indigna tion out of his mind. In that calm and un ? moved faceheread, as. he thought, anabso lute submission to the degree of Fate, and remembering what she had undergone, his heart found no room in it except for pity. A silence fell upon the little group as they watched the boat, which was bring ing the judge and their sentence with It. It seemed to them that tie stepped oat of it with a certain slowness and dignity — which j though dignity was by no means naturally wanting with him — that spoke of disaster nobly faced ; It might, how ever, be the mere sense of responsibility which their position must in any case have entailed upon him. He came towards them with firm, resolute steps, and took off his cap to his fair guests with a cheer ful smile. 'I hope, Mr. Ainsworth, you have taken care that theBe ladies, who have been placed in your especial charge, have been well provided for 2' ' ? Indeed, ' said Aunt Sophia, ? ? we have fared most luxuriously, Captain Head. My niece and I, indeed, have no words to thank you for the consideration and kind ness with which we have been treated by everybody.' ' That is well, ladies. So it will be, I am confident, to the end, however long we may be fated to remain in our present quarters.' 41 Then— then,' quavered Aunt Sophia, ' you think there is no hope ? ' ' As regards the ship, I regret to say, a few days — a few hours, if the wind should rise— -will, in my opinion, see the last of her.' 'Oh, Captain Head, dear Captain Head, do you really mean that we shall never see home again ?' ' We are, dear madam, as Mr. Ains worth here will tell you better than I,' said the captain gently, 'in the hands of God, He will do what seems best to Him and doubtless beBt for us. I do not ask you to give up hope, if hope is a com fort to you, but I think it would be better for us all to, face the facts. I trust we shall all do what in us lies, like English men and Englishwomen, for ourselves and one another ; but in my judgment, since you ask me, I think we shall never see old England more.' At these words, which were delivered by the honest captain with a certain solemn simplicity that went home to the hearts of his hearers, Aunt Sophia covered her face with her hands and wept bitterly. Edith instantly rose, and with a glance at the rest, which gentle and apologetic though it was, forbade them to follow, led her agitated companion to her tent. The othei a stood looking at one another in con sternation, as men who are not by nature ' roughs' are wont to do at the sight of a woman's tears. ' What a fool's trick it was of mine,' murmured the captain penitently, ' to blurt out the truth like that.' ' You have nothing to reproach your self with,' returned the chaplain con fidently. ' It is much better that she should know the worst at once than de lude herself with false hopes.' There was an uncomfortable pause, and .then the captain, lowering his voice, observed — ' I was not thinking so mack of the one that was working at the pump3, but of the other. Did you hear what that poor girl said when I told.them that we should never, see England more? She said 'Thank heaven.' ' ' Yes, I heard her. I don't think, however, she quite knew what she was saying.' 'Driven out of her wits, eh, by my blundering speech ? Well, the next time I have any bad news for her you shall break it yourself.. Heaven knows I had rather go without my breakfast any day than she should have an ache in her little finger. But since the mischief's done, and the coffee's here, you may pour me out a cup, Cpnolly. ' Chapter XVIII. — The Captain's Speech. As when a railway train is rapidly emptied of its luggage on a platform when the express is almost due behind it, so were the contents of the Ganges hurried over her side and into the boats. Not an hour of the calm weather, nor of daylight, was wasted, for it was well understood by all that whatever seemed precious now would have a fancy value a few weeks hence, and might even make the difference of life or death. Though the captain's resolution as regards the veBsel was acknowledged to be a sound one, there was still a hope that after all which was necessary to their immediate existence should be got out of her her timbers might be made use of to build another ship ; but for this a long spell of fine weather was in dispensable, as the conveyance of any thing of size and weight across the reef was very difficult, and the prognostica tions of the barometer were far from favorable. For the present, however, morning after morning dawned in sunshine and with softest airs, and every evening saw the acquisitions from the ship im mensely increased. To the more thought less and sanguine it seemed that the stores thus accumulated would last for ever. They said to themselves with Robinson Crusoe that never before were shipwrecked men so well provided, but to those of better judgment it was plain that unless the island itself could be made to yield them support they would be in the posi tion of men who live upon their principal, and that a day must needs come, and that at no distant date, when there ? would be nothing left to feed so many hungry mouths. The investigation of the capabilities of their place of exile were, however, for the time postponed for the work of salvage. The spectacle of so much industry amid a scene so fair was in itself exhilarating. If our first parents bad had some occupation in their Idle hours in the Garden of Eden besides loafing and spooning it is probable that they would not have made such a fiasco of matters. Even the ladies, who might easily have pleaded exemption from the common toil, put Eve to shame in this respect, for instead of roaming over their lovely dwelling-place in search of fruit they busied themselves in sorting out whatever articles required care and good keeping, and in storing them afresh in such places as the captain deemed de sirable. This employment prevented their minds from dwelling upon their respective calamities, while the invigorating, though genial climate, restored both strength and spirit. The solicitude with which they were treated by almoBt all hands had also its encouraging effect, and they often found themselves, to their own astonishment, discoursing of things around them as though they had been the environments of ordinary life, rather than of an ab normal and exceptional position. As a rule Edith was the consoler ; or rather, by avoiding all reference to their past, beguiled her companion's thoughts from it. Now and then, however, she would, as it were unawares, make some allusion to it, which revealed the sepulchre where her heart was buried. On such occasions it was the elder lady's part, not indeed to comfort her, for such a task she knew to be beyond her power, but to turn the talk to other subjects. ' I cannot help thinking, Aunt Sophia,' said Edith, as the two ladies sat in their tent one evening comforting themselves with a cup of tea after the labors of the day, ' that this must be one of the En chanted Isles that sailors believed in until within ihe last hundred yeara.' ' Ttat must be before the geographi cal books began to be published, I sup pose ?' 'Not at all. I remember in that old geography of De Lisle, which dear papa used to set such, store oh, they were marked in a map as Brazil and Asmuda. Even so late, he once told me, as 1750, an island never before known, but covered with fields and woods, and very fertile, was seen in the Atlantic, and so strongly vouched for that ships were sent from England to explore it.' ' I hope they will be sent to look for this one,' sighed Aunt Sophia. ' It is hardly likely, though the parallel holds good in other respects; for De Lisle's notion was that it was the country of ghosts, and are we not here the ghosts of our former selves ?' 'I must confess that we have very good appetites for ghosts,' observed Aunt Sophia drily ; a rejoinder, simple and commonplace though it was, far more judicious and effective than any falling in. with the other's mood would have been. It had, also, the advantage of being true. In their new abode their physical health was perfect ; hi such a climate, indeed, . there was little fear of its being otherwise, ' except through the monotony of tneir; lives; and of this, as it turned out, the castaways had not long to complain. It was the fifth evening after their disaster, and everything that could con duce to use and comfort had been taken out of the vessel. On the next morning it was understood that the much more serious work of taking her to pieces was to be commenced. The men were in excel lent spirits in anticipation of this, the first step towards escape from exile, though the carpenter had reported that the bands of the ship had given signs of starting, and that it was unlikely she could hold to gether much longer. - The ladies were still at their tea, when suddenly the boat swain's whistle sounded thrice. They knew it to be the signal for the assembly of the whole ship's company, and started up in some alarm. Though not of course included in the summons, they immedi ately repaired to the larger bay, and on their way were met by Master Conolly, who, foreseeing their apprehensions, had come hi haste to allay them. Some trouble, he explained, had arisen with one or two of the men, who had helped themselves from one of the liquor casks, and the captain was about to address the ship's company upon the matter. In vain the young midshipman endea vored to persuade his fair companions to return to their tent ; their curiosity was too strong to be overcome, and he could only induce them to accept his escort— a .protection which, as it turned out, was 'not altogether superfluous. Not one or two only, but a good many of the men, exhausted with their day's woik, and urged by the natural liking which most seamen entertain for strong liquor, had taken advantage of the accidental breaking of a cask of rum to drink freely, and had be come very noisy and elated. They gave, indeed, a mechanical obedience to the summons of the boatswain, but it was plain from their air and manner tbat they weie in no condition to listen to the voice of authority. The majority of the crew, however, who with them had formed a ring about the captain and his officers, maintained ah attitude of respectful at tention. Something had already hap pened which was not Intelligible to the new comers, but which could be partly guessed at by the attitude of the persons con cerned.. Close to the captain were three sailors, Mellor, Budge, ' and Murdoch, looking very flushed, and to say truth somewhat mutinous. They had borne by no means a good character on board the Ganges, so that it was not sur* prising that they should have miscon ducted themselves on shore. Yet the captain not only regarded them with such troubled and anxious looks as were inex plicable to all acquainted with his resolute and dauntless character, but; was address ing them in terms of consideration rather than remonstrance. 'You have had a hard day's work and little to eat, and therefore there is much excuse for you. But I must say to you, as indeed I say to all, that there is nothing more dangerous to persons in our ' condition than indul gence in drink.' ?^That's all gammon,' interrupted Murdoch huskily. He was a huge man, beside whose giant form with his large arms and hairy chest even the captain's stalwart form was dwarfed. 'Since we are here we mean to enjoy ourselves, and we don't mean to be preached to neither, nor yet bullyragged as though we were still on board of that cursed old hulk yonder.' 'That's so,' and ' So says I,' growled the other two men, while a faint murmur of applause went up from a few others in different parts of the assembly, which showed that they were not without their sympathisers. The majority, however, maintained a silence which, was equally significant. They seemed only less amazed at their comrades' audacity than at the patience and toleration with which it had been borne. 'I am sorry,' returned the captain, in firm but quiet tones, which made them selves audible even to those who, like the ladies and their conductor, stood on the very outskirts of the crowd, 'that you should so speak of the old ship which has been our home so long, and I hope, upon the whole, not an unhappy one. 'Quite right, sir,' 'A good home,' 'Aye, and with a good master, too,' went up from the now excited throng in all directions. The captain took off his cap, and the men began to cheer, but became instantly silent as he recom menced. '1 say I am sorry that any man who has sailed with me should entertain such unpleasant recollections of his voyage, or of the 'cursed old hulk,' as he calls it, which we are looking on yonder — it may be for the last time.' - '? We don't want no palaver ; we wants to enjoy ourselves ; we wants rum,' cried the mutineers with drunken vehemence. 'Let the captain speak.' 'Never mind Black Murdoch, sir.' 'Three cheers for the old Ganges,' replied the crowd. ' Rum is very good In its way, but we may have too much of it,' observed the captain, with all the gentleness of a moralist, ' and especially when, as in our case, men are cast ashore upon an un known land, subject it may be to the attack of savages, at whose mercy our lives may be placed at any moment, and dependent for our slender chance of escape upon the efficiency and alertness of those on watch for a passing sail. It would be hard to be deprived of all hope of seeing our own country again, with our wives and sweethearts, because some diunken scoundrel or another couldnt. keep from the rum.' 'That's so!' 'Three cheera for our wives and little ones!' 'Epme, sweet home !' ' You know what s best for us, ' 1 think I do ; but as has been proved to me pretty clearly by the conduct of one or two of jou here, whom I will not name, I am no longer your captain. ' We knows that fast enough, master,' exclaimed Murdoch tt^?mPhant!y « 'you are no master now, nor ever will be, ya^ 1', ?' Well, that is a matter entirely for' your own consideration, my men,' con tinued the captain ; 'the most votes must carry it'. It is quite true since the Ganges is not a king's ship, that with the loss of her, I have lost command of you. You no longer owe me any obedience ; but that some one to hold supreme authority must be chosen by you is certain, if we would live here^for a day without flying at each other's throats. Fix upon whom you will^ so long as he be honest and sober, but when he is once chosen let hi3 will be law. Even what has occurred to-night shows, I think, the necessity for such an arrangement, while to-morrow — well, for all we know, to-morrow it may be too late to make it. Suppose an enemy attack U3 with no one to give an order how to ra pulse him. Suppose a ship came In sight, and 50 men crowd into a boat where there is only space for 10, and we Io3e her !' ' Right, right, we'll choose you, captain, there's nobody but you to choose,' came from all parts of the crowd. 'Oh, yes, there are lots of others to choose from,' continued the captain smiling, 'and whom you do choose most be elected In a proper manner. It won't do to shout for Jones to-day and for Smith to-morrow, and your decision, whatever it be, must be put down in writing. You will find a paper in yonder tent, with pen and ink all ready for you, and the chap Iain to explain matters, and show where the mark must be put for those who are no scholars. Everyone in the ship's company, officers and men, will find his name there, and every one will vote for whom he likes, only remember this, that once recorded it cannot be cancelled. Now go and choose your king.' Chapter XIX.— The Plebiscite. Tne notion of a plebiscite is always an attractive one to all communities. It was true that on the present occasion the matter was generally understood to have a foregone conclusion. The majority of the men were too much attached to their old captain, and had too great confi dence in him, to think of electing any one else to rule over them ; but still they were flattered by the idea of choosing for themselves. They crowded into the tent with alacrity where Mr. Ainsworth was seated at the table with ' the agreement,' as it was simply called, but on which in truth very much depended. It set forth the peculiarity of their position and the necessity it involved of having some law giver and leader, against whose fiat there should be no appeal ; while it left to every man the power of giving his vote to any member of the ship's company he pleased. The proceedings were not without a certain solemnity, for those who took part in it were filled at least as much with the sense of their own importance as of that of the matter in hand ; nor was the cere mony by any means a brief one. Many of the sailors could not write, and most of them had to be separately instructed in the novel duty demanded of them ; while even the most accomplished took some tune, with much leaning of their heads upon one side and screwing of their courage (and their mouths) to the sticking place to execute their autographs. At last, however, all was done, though not before the fall of night had necessitated the cse of torches in the tent, which cast their lurid glare upon a scene which was in truth eminently picturesque and striking. In the open air, on the other hand, there was still light sufficient for the conclusion of the proceedings. The chaplain presently emerged from the tent bearing the document with its long file of signatures, and followed by the whole of the ship's company moved towards the spot where the captain with his officers, or rather with those who had hitherto occupied that position on board the Ganges, awaited his approach. After a few words of preface, Mr. Ainsworth. slated that one other person only beside their late commander had been nomi nated for the post of president, or leader, and as the names of those who had voted for the individual in question were but few, he suggested that it would be more convenient to read them out in the first place. At this there was some applause, and not a little laughter of the sarcastic sort, which was instantly stilled at the sound of the captain's voice. 'If, as I understand, my men,' ha said, ' the great majority of you have de cided to replace in my hands the authority which I before possessed, it seems to ma that it would be invidious, and, indeed, unfair, to those who have come to a con trary conclusion that their names should be made public. I neither wish to know who they are nor to know who it is that in their judgment has appeared to them preferable to myself. I shall take it for granted that both he and they will acquiesce in the decision of their ship mates, as I should myself have done had the case been reversed ; and I hope no feeling of bitterness or disappointment will remain in the breasts of any one of you.' The simplicity and straightforwardness of this address went home to the hearts of its heaiers, chiefly, perhaps, because the majority of them were themselves simple and straightforward. The reflection would have occurred to a more sophisticated community that a refe rence to the agreement itself would at any time put the captain in possession of the information of which he had so chivalrously declined to avail himself ; but this idea presented itself neither to him nor them. A round of cheers arose from the crowd as the captain took off his cap. It was a thing he never did except at prayers, and was significant of his being about to make an important, communication. 'The first act of my new command,' he said, ' is to reinstate my friends and yours— (here he pointed to the officers who stood around him, and who by their abstinence from voting had tacitly shown their acqui escence in the government of their chief) — in the eame positions of authority which they have hitherto respectively occupied. Your vote of this evening evi dently approves their reappointment, and you will obey them, I feel sure, as cheer fully as you will obey me.' Another hearty round of cheering here greeted the speaker ; his allusion to their evident wishes (though it was probable they wera unconscious of having enter tained them) gratified them hugely ; and, moreover, with one exception, they ? were well satisfied with their officers. As the captain looked round on the circle of approving faces he perceived that enthusiasm for the new order of things had reached its acme, and that the moment had arrived for the crucial test of the obedience of his voluntary subjects. ' The first order I have to give you men will, I know, be an unpopular one,' ha said, in a low but decisive tone ; ' bat when I tell you that in my opinion it is absolutely necessary, not only for taa maintenance of that authority you have iuBt ratified, but for the safety of our lives, you will understand that it must be executed at once, and without a murmur. In the beautiful climate In which Provi dence has pleased to place us, it may ba for the remainder of our days,- strong drinks of any kind will be only necessary to us as a medicine. One of those liquor casks yonder will therefore be placed in the custody of Mr. Doyle. The rest you will break up at once, and in my presence.' An ominous silence ensued upon this mandate, followed by a murmur of unmis takable dissent. (To be continued.) 