Sydney Gossip. [BY CHLOE.] IT'S very good advice that cautions us not to believe all we hear, and only half of what we see. To accept the common hearsay, and repeat what other people have seen, are dangerous habits that spread scandal, and encourage the uneharitable propensity some people have of bearing false witness against their neighbonrs. Rumour has been denounced as a lying old dame, who loves to spread abroad, and exaggerate as she circulates it. Of course it would be treason to insinuate that there are such things as male gossips, who pid in the bruiting and enlarging of mischievous reports. Scandalmongers are generally described under the title of a malicious old woman. Now there's been several tales of sin and shame passing from mouth to mouth in this community, but in most cases there is an ounce of truth to a ton of lies in the amounts of various disgraceful things told of some of the leaders of society and prominent members of Parliament. But leaving these tit-bits of domestic calumnies, or rather the calumniating of domestic relations, a rumour was current all this week which held up the proprietors of one of the largest establishments in the metropolis to the public censure for culpable neglect of sanitary precautions, which had created a plague that was working cruel havoc among their employes. The masters of the Palace Emporium were accused of so arranging for the drinking water of their people as to allow rats as well as human beings the privilege of refreshing themselves with a bath and quenching their thirst at the same stream, or more properly speaking reservoir. As the hideous vermin in question swarm the Hay market, so they were said to swarm the drinking water of Hordern's establishment, and not content with guzzling and a swim must needs make a grave as well as a bath of the water, and thus pollute it into the poison that has thrown dozens of the assistants on beds of sickness—in some cases beds of death. The only truth in this tissue of sensational tattling is that typhoid fever is again very prevalent, and that the Haymarket has produced several cases. Some of the Palace Emporium employes may be among those who have fallen victims to this Australian scourge; but they do not owe their affliction to Hordern's bad water. The whole premises have been thoroughly ex amined by the proper and competent authority ; and more complete attention in possible particulars to the requirements of health and cleanliness could not be than is found in all the fast arrangements of the Palace Emporium. The water has been analysed, and pronounced perfectly free from any noxious ingredient—pure and sweet. Heavy winter dresses—a noble army in browns, greys, and reds—walked the streets for the past few months, and valiantly defied the winter's cold. And it was their intention to linger on this month also, when they would have nothing paoticular to do but take a quiet saunter round the town before retiring to their summer residences. But old sol was quietly preparing his fiery darts on the plains, and one morning lie woke up in a merry mood, for he knew the wind was favourable, and he anticipated some fun, so he said to himself, " To-day I think I will just heat the furnace seven times hotter than it is wont to be heated at this time of the year, and send these citizens of Sydney such a witherer as they don't expect." Out flocked prints and muslins to welcome the warm visitor from the sun; and the poor discomforted winter costumes fled in astonishment and dismay. Helter-skelter they made for the wardrobes, the thickest and heaviest being the first to plunge in and bury themselves in the farthermost corners. Others crowdtd after them, but some not quite so heavy stood inside the door and looked out, holding a consultation with those a little thinner still, who stood outside the door and looked in. At last they decided not to give in, and still they haunt the world like unlaid ghosts, and mean to do so till they aie worn out. But they are no longer of any importance or interest, even last summer's wearing up is more sought- after than they. Gtey seems to be the favourite colour this spring, greys of many shades, greys of the tiny hair pattern, small check, invisible plaids, and plaids with a pink or blue stripe in them. These costumes are almost all pretty, and very pretty when neatly trimmed with silk of a different colour. There are few colours that will not harmonise with grey. Electric blue is a good deal worn, and is also much displayed in the shop windows; so is heliotrophe, but it makes little show outside. The odd little spring jackets have not been much patron ised, and seem to have grown tired of appealing to an unsympathetic public. The greys of this summer will be found scarcely as servicable in this dusty city of ours as the light yellowy-browns and biscuit colours of last summeu Many people must have noticed how utterly the ever-persistent dust failed to impress these last mentioned colors. Theii* wearer might take them through the very thick of the dust storm, but they would make no sign. They seem to be the very thing for promenading the unwatered streets of Sydney. " Unwatered," did I say 1 How could 1 forget so soon ? Only last week I was walking down Pitt-street, attended all the way by the most picturesque little whirlwind of dust. I longed for a breath of fresh air without a mouthful of dust, and I thought of the Botanical Gardens, but one cannot go shopping there; and 1 wished the Covernmeut would let the gardens go, and send all their gardeners to water the streets. At that moment, in response to my ingratitude, from amongst the miscellaneous vehicles in the perspective, a water cari hove in sight. It came mincing conceitedly down the street, and distributed the liquid element at the rate of lialf-a-drop to the square foot. The street was wide, and it only attempted half of it, expecting another water cart to do the other side. It also left a thirsty four foot border all along the gutter without any water at all. The expected water cart followed as soon as the traek of its predecessor was quite obliterated. I was Tebuked but not comforted. Dress is a .more pleasant subject: so to dress let us .return. Hats are becoming a little more ornamental than they were a month ago. The rim is about half as wide as that of the ordinary sailor hat, and is usually turned up at the back—though not exactly in the middle of the back. The trimming is always an evidence just where the rim turns up and spreads over the top and a little round the side, Those who have regard for their personal appearance usually have these hats, if of the ordinary straw colour, lined with black velvet, provided it will agree with the rest of the trimmings. Steel grey hats trimmed with pale shades of any colour are coming into fashion, and are very pretty indeed. Still concerning fasgions, what a brilliant galaxy of it was gathered on Saturday last at the Flemingtftn course ; and what clustering bodies of feminine youth and beauty set off the varied freaks of the fickle goddess they one and all delighted to honour. Again the king of day, and his attendant courtiers, fleecy clouds and temporary breese did their level best to make the race meeting of the Victorians a bright and most enjoyable fete, and whether in consideration of • the attractive adjuncts, or the growing popularity of the Derby Day across the berder, the attendance on this year was larger than ever before. Fifty thousand composed the glitter- throng, for literally and not metaphorically it sparkled with dazzling costumes, adorned as they were with jet and spangled trimmings. Some of the country dames who were fat, and if not very fair were very forty, were indeed a perfect armour of jet tight, as a warrior armed for deadly single combat. Such heavy swells for the bagne found they were greatly hindered by their cumbrous accutrements, and waddled painfully over the greensward of the lawn, so crowded with gay spectators of the equine sports. And they found a sparkling variety among the motley groups. However bead trimmings are high ton for gown, mantle, or bonnet, and no one with any regard for being comme il faut cencerning the agremens of the toilette will appear in public witliont sporting the prevailing adornment on some portion of their attire. But too much jet will be as bad as none at all, for its weight is cumbersome especially when the atmosphere is rated at a 100° in the shade. But if some of the mammas at the Victorian race carnival rather overran the bounds which divides the beautiful from the ridiculous in dress most of the young belles were lovely in their taste and simplicity, which while it fulfilled the behests of an a la mode costume do not foolishly yield to the tyrannous commands of wild and inelegant extremes. Young ladies endowed with a fair share of natural attractions when unadorned with over dress are adorned the most; and in their suits of prettily trimmed frocks of greys of various hues and silvery sheen, with hats and gloves to match, the demoiselles looked charming. All however did not don the quaker colour, but preferred the brighter yet neutral tints of the gobelin, which includes shades from light to the stoniest blue. Then there were numerous other tasteful exhibitions of perfect toilettes which of necessity combine harmony or harmonious contrast in color and arrangement. But like Mrs. Buffins of Buffin's Bower, in one of Dicken's illimitable creations, highflyers for fashion studied nothing but the the crowding on of the latest fancies and inventions of the ever changeful deity that is supposed to preside in the matters of dress, without regard to age, figure, time or circumstance. Such may be seen in every gathering of any pretensions to size or importance. And not only was the tickle vagaries of fashion marvellously set forth on the course at Flemington, but another goddess equally capricious kept up her time honoured character with a vengeance, in turning round and utterly forsaking a long loved favourite. Dame fortune, who has hitherto smiled most graciously on the Hon. James White's stud, bringing in some of his racers triumphant winners in every contest, on Saturday turned round, forsooth, on the noble old conqueror Trident, and granted the proud glory of victor to Australian Peer, also a Sydney thoroughbred of high degree and ancient lineage. Not only was poor Trident beaten, but completely overcome; ' sic transit gloria mundi!' The fate of horses, and heroes, or lady stars in every arena. The king is dead, long live the king, has been and ever will be the cry in this wally of a wale, as Mrs. Gamp calls this transitory world. Well after all it is but fair that it should be so, or inequalities of rank, and wealth and honour would be more striking than they are, and the apparent injustice that sometimes seem to prevail would be more crushing than it is. Even every dog must have his day and then give place to another canine of rising parts. Mr. White of racing fain e has had a wonderful run of luck, it is now someone else's turn to profit by the chances of the turf. 