COUNTRY NEWS. fFrom our own Correspondents.! BURRA. Mav 9. The town of Burra has felt the results of the depression that prevails in this colony almost as severely as any other place out of Adelaide, and as n consequence there are a good number of families at the present time who have been put to sore straits in providing sufficient food for themselves and to make both ends meet. In order to help these families a little Mr. J. A. Watt and several other gentlemen undertook the getting up of a concert, and on Wednesday evening last it took place. A very good and varied programme was presented to a crowded house, and the whole affair was a great success, After paying all expenses the sum of £16 has been put into the hands of the Mayor and several other gentlemen for distribution amongst the most needy. The scarcity of employment here has been the cause of many men leaving lately, and almost every week some one departs, the majority going to Broken Hill. There was every appearance of a down pour on Saturday, but no heavy rain fell. YACKA, May 5. The late rains have quite altered the ap pearance of this part of the country. Al though the grass is etill too short for the cattle, the growth of vegetation is remark ably rapid on the banks of the Boughton, and should favorable weather continue feed will soon be as plentiful as it was scarce a week or two ago. Sowing operations are now in full swing, and some of the early sown is springing nicely. The usual monthly meeting of the Band of Hope was held last evening, and a very attractive programme was carried through successfully. These meetings are well at tended. There is great stagnation in business of all kinds. No doubt this is attributable to the busy times with the farmers just now. NARRIDY, May 10. A correspondent writes: — Things in general are better than when I wrote last. Sowing is nearly completed,, the green feed is growing well, and water is plentiful. The trees in the plantation are looking splendid, and will prove useful as a break to north winds, besides being an orna ment to the place. The mill is now working regularly, which gives a more lively appearance to the town ship. It is strange with all the rain that has fallen the dam is dry, while outside every hole and dam have water in them. I think this matter wants looking into, eo that something may be done after the rainy sea* eon is over. Business is dull, and there is nothing new to relate. It is too late for a snake story, and earthquakes and ghost stories are very common just now. The only genuine sur prise here would be the circulation of some ready money. MANOORA, May 7. We are still pursuing with very tittle deviation the dull, monotonous course that keeps us ever struggling with the grim spirit of despondency whose tones have eo satu rated our surroundings that we sigh for a change. No matter how auspicious the tilling season has set in, and so far the copious rainfall is assuring, I think, without doubt, that the present winter will be the dullest experienced within my recollection. It is greatly to be deplored that we do not take lessons from the past and strive for the future to better our position by devoting our energies to other sources than that of wheat growing. That we can do better than place entire dependence on this, of late, rather precarious means of livelihood is most pal pable, when we can enumerate so many pro fitable industries that benefit could be derived from by combining them with our present system of farming. The working man's block scheme, brought into operation by the persistent efforts of Mr. G. W. Cotton, has been robbed of much of its real usefulness by the barren and desolate sites that have in so many instances been surveyed. How much better it would have been if good arable land, easy of irri gation, had been resumed in various centres through the settled districts south of Goyder's line I Tilling is being vigorously proceeded with, and the farmers have been enabled to de stroy many of the weeds that came up with the early rains. One of the most successful entertainments evergiven in aid of our Institute was tendered by talented lady and gentleman amateurs from Auburn and Riverton on Thursday last, and was much appreciated by a good audience. The vocal and instrumental part of the programme was most pleasingly ren dered by Mrs; Usher, Mieses Oarrigg and Ferrier, and Messrs. Dixon, J. B. Doolette, and son. A comic duet by the latter was vociferously applauded. The Auburn Comedy Co. staged the highly amusing comedy ' His Last Legs,' and each character was so ably sustained that the enthusiasm of the audience wsb thoroughly won. Should we again be favored with their appearance on another occasion they will he greeted with a crowded house. Mr. 0\. Warren as Felix O'Callaghan took im mensely, and was a great success. Messrs^ Tothill, Eaves, Castine, and Limbert, Mrs. Usher, and Misses Mayr and Garripg are to be congratulated on the skilful way in which they played their parts. During the inter val the Chairman, Mr. 0. W. Gray, on be half of the members and friends, pleasingly made Miss Jeane Forster, who is taking her departure from the district, the recipient of a neat gold watch as a well-merited recog nition of the appreciation she has won by her genial and unassuming manners, and the immense service her talented musical abilities have been to the Institute. She has been an acquisition we can ill afford to lose. After partaking of a light refresh ment and a pleasant dance an enjoyable night's amusement was brought to a close. A football club has been formed, and a large number of members have been en rolled. They are mostly raw striplings, who may do credit to their colors (bine and red) and early compete with onr neighbors. Captain, Mr. W. H. Munns ; vice-captain, Mr. W. H. Werrett; secretary, Mr. G. W. Gray. May 10. On Sunday, the 8th, special services were conducted by Mr. S. Wellington (President) in the Primitive Methodist Church, fol- - lowed on the Tuesday by a tea, and a meet ing addressed by the Revs. Wellington, Parkinson, and Styles. A coffee supper was partaken of as a parting convivial assuager. 