Gardens. "Is it ignorance or laziness ?" queried a friend re oently after we had travelled with him for Borne dis tance through New South WaleB on a railway ine. "This Bhon d be a land of gardens; there should be plenty of leisure to cull i vate thtm ; but a moro gar denias country 1 never truvellea through." And the worst of it was that he spoke the solid truth. Durii.g thatloug journey wu paEsed num'iers of small towns and h «miete, many of them by no means young, bat distinguished by the bare unlovely aspect which tho laok of gardens give. And wo were not travelling through an arid part of the colony whore water is tho first neceesity for a garden. Our journey lay through districts whore there was a fair rainfall, and whore gardens wonld not cost muoh money or labor, only careful attention. Wo saw gardens whioh had been beautiful in the past, where tho treeB had bowed to the ground with lovely lnaoious fruit, and where vegetables-Nature's medicine box-had rivalled those of Covent Garden, but whioh were now a col lection of dried shrubs and trees, of whioh only two or three limbs were alive. Ovor all was the web of the Bpidor, telling of laziness and the want of oare. We stayed at the homestead of a wealthy man, where in our youth we had revelled in a garden abounding with glorious fruit. There was the ghost of it remaining, and a very sorry ghost at that. No fruit from that garden was put on the table for the dessert. On the contrary that course consisted of the usual nuts and raisins and Califor nian fruits, oanned and fresh ! Well might our friend ask whether the cause was ix noranoe or lazi ness. It was probably both, with " don't-oare-a hang " thrown in. It is lamentable to see the utter disregard of gardens shown by a large seotion of the community a section whioh could have them so easily and with out any great trouble, and to whioh they wonld prove veritable mines of health and pleasure. If they looked after the gardens the light labor in towns would give strength and health ; and there would be no more Btale vegetables or rotten fruit-both the oauBes of disease. A small garden, whioh every house should have if there it ground, is one of the easiest things to keep in order, and repayB labor better than anything else of the kind. All that it requires .is that it should have atten tion for at least half an honr or BO a day, to keep down the weeds and to attend to the ?wantB of the plants. Amateur gardeners generally get disgusted because they neglect their gardens, and then have a regular Aunt Dinah "darin' up day." They stroll into it morning after morning, and form gigantio plans as to what they will do to it that day-some time. Pay after day passes, and nothing ia done. Then a fit of industry seizes the owner. Ho flings off coat and vest, gets tho hoe or some other implement, and goes to work like a hurrioane through a melon patoh. He hurts his hands, he makes his back sore, and tites himself .out; and then he goes in to rest in a bad ? fr*me of mind, leaving the work half done. And he heartily ourBOB the garden, and scribbles out figures to show that the fruit and vegetables cost bim ten times what he would have to give the Chinaman or the hawker. If he were to give a little sparo time every day, and to work at his ease, this would not be the oase ; and he would bless the garden instead of cursing it ; and weedB would not trouble him. A garden whose owner has periodioal fits of industry, ia found to go to ruin. The farmers are great sinners in regard to gardenB. How many a farmhouse we see without a garden, or only an apology for one ! The farmer's excuse always is that when he oomeB home from the fields he wanta a rest, not to go "messing" in a garden. But if he sat down, and made out what the garden would bring him in health and pleasure and oomfort, he would soon see that the oredit side would be very large indeed; larger than that of his fields. He oan utilise tho children's labor in the garden, and through it teaoh them moat important lesBonB of industry and oanae and effect. The larmer who has not a gardon, and a good one, does not deserve the name, and denies himself one of the greatest blessings man can have. 