TWO I-hERIiTAGES. L-4-- (By RICrro.m TU.ATC?IER.) 'Eunnoe, Jackol' ' Well, Jac, old man ' ,Eow goes it, lack?' ' Backte again, Jack ?' 'Do another beer, Jack la All' ~these and mai~y similar examn mations are addressed to a man of somewhat seedy appearance, who sits in an arm-cliair in the back parlour of an hotel much affected by the news paper writers and Bohemians generally of a colonial capital. Jack is a stout, .large-framed man, still on the right side of forty (if youth "be ∈ advantage), with' a rough, reddish-brown -beard, and a handsome face. Eyes kind and bright relieve a cynical, discontented" expression, as if . they n-ere trying to assure their owner that things are not so much out of gear as he would make out. Jack's clothes .... are not of a fashionable cut, and have evidently been designed for comfort rather than appearances, which is well, seeing that a whole succession of fashions might have come and gone since they were built. .-=[oe has-been sitting nearly alone up to the time our story commences, meditatively,' rather than moodily, smoking a pipe, and emptying his pint of 'colonial '-by instalments. -" Jack. Brewster is in a bit of a fix. Re owos some money, and creditors clamorr. for payment. The whole amount is not much, but to Jack pay ment" is ;inconi'enient, in fact, almost impossible, '-ithoett a loss of self respect and independence. Jewellery he has none ; personal effects are mere than he can realize upon; and he loathes the" thought of asking a soul that he knows for a loan Prepayment for a series'of reminiscent descriptive articles*he is writingfor the Ziqhtning, sheds h momentary ray on his difficulty, but the thought of suggesting such a thing to the stolid cashier at the office * seJaiclr-s brcath com quickly. ghost,' a ' most extraordinary fellow,' a 'regular caulker,' a 'caution,' an ' impenetrable mystery,' to those who know anything of him, and it is but little that anybody seems to know. He has travelled all over the world; and by this we do not mean that he has taken long conventional voyages, or been to different parts of one country. For years it has been a common thing for Jaiick to turn ,up from Thibot or Crim T'artary. With a 'snap show,' appealing to the love for display and excitement of Eastern. races, he has done scores and hundreds of villages in India, China, Sumatra, Borneo, Japan, of whoso existence on the map we are not aware. He knows the big capitals of the East, and can name every hotel and newspaper in Asia. The ruined temples, the rajahs' courts, the palaces of India, are as familiar to him as the Nelson column to a Lon doner. ?With a circus he has tented it in the still splendid capitals of South America, and in one capacity or another he has visited all the cities and most of the towns of Europe, America, Canada, Australia to its uttermost " reachable 'point, South Africa, the t Mauritius, the Pacific Islands, New Zealand. .Every part of the world accessible to the showman, the scribe, or the explorer;- *everywhere where a man may pick up a .living, Jack has been. He has drank, 'kava' with ^. Polynesians,' and anrrack with native ne'er:do-wi ells ,of the East Indies; ra sipped sangaree with planters, and taken blue grass or .Bdurbon whiskey " with rude Yankee miners in far-away t gulches. No more thbrough cosmo n. politan than Jack over breathed. He \- has seen hard .times and good times in every land where man may live, and has been on the point of making a fortune by mining, newspaper publishing, company floating, ranch running, patenting, the show business, -« diamond buying, and in a score of . other ways; but the knack of koeping . well when doing well never blessed him. Jack, as a youngster, was on the . Pacific Slope. He rounded the Horn, and worked in the ' placers ' of many : a gully of California; went back by , Panama, and took a hand in some of ! the troubles in Central Amnorica; got I." over to Cuba, and up to the Southern " States, and on to New York. Then he took Greeley's advice, and went west with an emigrant party, and Swould have grown up with the coun *' try but for the allurements of the Black Hill diggings. With some money he made there, he went south, to Texas, and bought cattle for sale at the points on the overland route. The rising city of Chicago next at tracted his attention, and he stayed nI there till he was assured that his forte was fur trading in Canada. TIlhon he went back to the cities of Montreal and Quebec, and seemed likely to settle there, but his restless disposi tion led him south once more to St. Louis and Now Orleans. Business next took him to England and Europo, which he left for the Australian gold fields. Then he drifted up to India and China, and a recediing tide of fortune floated him down to the Mau ritius, the Cnpd diamoid .'felds, .the Frooe State, and , the:'Traiisvaal of: South Africa. fWherever. excitement or a desire for gaini led numbers, Jack would be found;. and the first reports from 'rushes' would invariably contain accounts of his newspaper, crushing machine, carrying agency, or some speculation he had started. No Australian who know Jack Brewster, if going homeo, would bo surprised; to see him standing on the shore at Adon or Suez, looking as if he had' been brought up and lived thoro all his life; or,.if taking the Pacific route, were to finud Jack lounging, hands in pockets, wvatching the overland train draw up at Ogalallu, Cheyenno, or any other station, as if he were a denizen of the placo; or, supposing the Eastern and Australian to be the route, to see Jack plastering the hoardings of Singapore or Batavia with bills. Carpentaria s land craze,. Fiji's cotton rush, the. stampede to New Guinea, end the Western Australian pearl fisheries, all found Jack Brewster amdngst the busy, restlcss throng. You think this description oqerdrawn, ?..;~ :,Inteifvile John Wilson, of circus celebrity; ask Omar Kingsley .about his..expieriences" in America, India, Chiiia, and Europe ; get Leo Braimm to tell~you.abouti his Eastern and South African travels. Lately Jack. had? settled in M[el bourne, so far as such. a.:, huma ', of the human race could settle: , alighted would be a better word.. HIre` made that city his head-qiurters,' and gained a precarious living' by press' writing, gazetteer compilinge,:and: in- various other ways. He had beconie a philosopher, rather' than a 'aisan-. thrope. Certainly,h hehad discovered that life was a lid; and drained the' cups of pleasure and bitterness to the dregs, and found botei bitter; but 'till ho was not altogetherl soured. .Ho was more like a spectator. who, h?v ing been decoyed' into., the world's show-tent; and found that the. postur ing outside was the .best pirt ·of the entertainment-watclied the ceaseless, excited crowd. thronging>.in,- to . be deecived and undeceived in turn; withcomplacency anda sort of:rsatur nine pleasure. His lifo had been chequered, and the dark patches, per haps, predominated. -Women and wine had dceived him;, fortune had jilted him. The knowledge he had acquired taught him the hollowness, the insincerity of men and women and things.: He had seen the rich oppressing the poor, the:lowly toadying" to the great. He' had ob served lying and cheating: ',thiriving, and honest worth despised; and dis covered that charlatanism prospered, while solid leariniig fouhd no reward. Still, he rather smiled than scowled as illusion after illusion :faded, and the whitened sepulehres became charnel houses only. No mirage of filattering hope or promised joy could tempt him frPm.'fhn hnl.ld motlet]]rul. 1 'n'at nfmnn.?ic. rtin, but stilLon.hhadl a ?nlysylpnathy for his fellows, and iwas amused rather than · disgusted iasi he': wa?tched ,the struggle, for.: placei and fdame, riand riches-things tthhat had ea~sed !to attradt ;or' please him. - In short, ihe was a kindly cystic--an, indulgent philosopher-?h]o still smiled; though he could see through the p1aint and tinsel. .Evei' body inJa:ck's circle of acquaintance knew .that' he heiiaine.of a good family, that' hoh:iad mhde nabad marriage, and that; for tWO "years he had attached himself to a young girl, 'with whom he wads fequently seen a?t various pleasure and suburban re ors.s It was known, too, that, times i re,' and had been for some while; bad-aith Jack Brewster, though .he workted hard 'and'tried:to' keep his head above water. Pretty" wolIl eveyody liked Jack,. and admired his honest independencOe and hearty contempt for sham,,an d cant. His 'cynicism 'hurt'.:no :goeod fellow, and: he was' only 'savage?'when pretence and' shoddy bedame' too rampant for':his patience. to endure.. He had just returned, at the tinib wd' foern his actuaintanc6, i'from a ~Special reporting and gazetteering' excursion to a neighbouring colony, 'niid. h'ad been absent a few eoolcs ;.and, as'he 'sat over his beer, he received, n"iny kind greetings from the frequenters' of the hotel, who were strolling in frb~m the 'House,' .the theatres, rand other places, h?vhre'most of tl~em had bdee culling information foi the readers of the dailiis: conversation soon b.eame: generai;:l and Jack in a few minutes got a good idea of what was going on, and 'what had occurred .. House up P . 'WVhat was 'the 'Ji?xGoverinient's majority ?' 'Did the Premier spda:n ' :.. - ' Who saw the pew .piece ,t. the Opera House?' 'Has anybody got a programme, of the niggers ?' 'Good evening, Mr. Brewster,' says Snarler, the persifleur, with a formal bow. He would like to have scowled, but he once tried to be rude to Jack, and go~ a woeful cutting-up.for his pains.' ' Auy:news, Jack? ' asks little Tavit of the Period. 'Hastheworldturned honest'?' ' ' . ":- " 'If it Ware t6,' 'gidwl's Jack, yOU would not "long be of the world, worldly.' And now Jack's yee brightens as it lights upon the good-huinoured, honest face of lRuby WVragge, the b)ost--aye, and ablest of them all. Jack always thinks that it is Ruby's unswerving· friendship and nobleness that pre serves his faith in man from utter shipwreckr. Ruby, the clever, the improvident, the kindest, the wittiest, and most self-sacrificing of all friends. The two grasp hands, look into one another's eyes, and read in a moment moro esteem and greetings than a dictionary of words could express. 'Well, Jack, long bnck ? How's *Annie ?' "'Only returned about an hour ago, and haven't bea omine. WTife and 'young 'uns right ?' ' Thanks, yes.' ' L Anything fresh here ?' 'Well, yes, Ruby WVraggo's virtuous and sober--the Vag has disappeared, and it is supposed he has got into the Presbyterian kirk, under the disguise of a newly-arrived flesher from Auld iRoekie. Awful disclosures are cx pected. Cameron of the 'itmjpetcr,'. has astonished everybody by getting 'into Parliament. Nobody seems to understand why, but'I can explain it.' ' How ?' ''Why, he is a Scoetchman, about whom the electors knew nothing. The 'hundred-eyed ', even could only rail at. him as-a Protectionist, and that helped him. lie.said little, looked intensely respectable, and declared for .Berry. and the rights of man. I shouldu't wonder if he saved £.250 .out of his £.300 a year, and eventually got office.' 'RHow's the Royal getting on ?' (To be contiinued.) 