Oddities in Wills. Simple a matteras it realilyis, lawyers have not alv:nay been esucesCul, in drawing their own,wille. Lord St. Leonntde, fligh Chan cellor of Englned, who nc, Edward Sugdon, was Lthe most emtinnt chancery lawyer in Englaud, and who, with a number of law books, one pnrtluolarly with a very elaborate ohapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expenirve lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro. per effect. The will of Lord WVetbury, another Lord high Chancellor, drawn by him. self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances. There have been devises to animals or for their benefit which have been valid to eats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un. frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and. hatred, and -sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven. teenth century has severalitems of that kind .. --fgr instance: !rI give nothig to myLord "becaou I know; taiathe will doathfully die'. charge it unto the poor. Item-I giveop thd ghost." Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he loft a regular executed will, in which ho bequeathed his name and memory "to mon's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shalkeepore loft an elaborate. will, which contains a clauose that has puzzled the Shalkpeareaos not a little. " I give unto my wife my tecond behost bed, ilth the furniture." Why did he only give Ann I:tthaway his secoond best, and not his best bed? Nothing else did she got, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be. queathed Lady lamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country occepted the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handE?me legacy to a wretch named Chntillon, who had at. tempted to assaseinato Wellington. The will of Rabelais has this clause: "I owe a great deal; the rest Igive to the poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhapse." A famous Fronoh abbe had this pithy clause in his will: "To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighlteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave allhis property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what tholaw allows her. I have drawn a number of sueh wills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in lifoAnn Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman much younger than hineolf, and with whom he lived very happily. He bcqucalthed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the Income should bo'doubled, A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuonoupativo will-that is, a will by word of mouth, by whioh personal etateomay be dis. posed of, but you, being a oivilio, must make yours in writing. It don't matter moch what the writing is on-it may be on a elate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should be on paper or parchment. You may write it and sign your name in pentlh if you like, but it is bot. tfor to do it ink. You may make your will in Ohootaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says: "be writ in the choic eat Italian"; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to tbo spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit. ted, as the followingcaeo of a valid win shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving eiutorsmost dear, Tho wholu of my store, VWere it twice as much more, Which God's goodnesc has granted to me. And that none may prevent TIls, my will and Intent, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This, the true act and deed of Will Jacket. It sc?ousstrange that itn to small a eoun try no Eangland, and one which has been civi lized so long, there should he found any new plants at this lata day; yet a specks of lichen, hbilbthcrto unknown to occur in Britain, was recently discovered in Westmoreland, Cali oium Iosoidium is its Botanieal name.] A French'physiologist has ascertained that very poieooustex:racts may be abtained from edible mubshroms, by treating them with chloroform or various othere. He calls these poisons, crptomnaines. To their pro. Ocnce may bo nttributcd th fataleffeotawhich sometimes result from eating fungi whloh are ordinarily perfeotly wholeome. 