THE DAY OF REST. THE EVIDENCES OF RELIGION. [From a sermon delivered at Melboaroe by the Ber. Dr. Be Tan] Hebrews L 1-2.-"God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, both in these last days spoken unto us by Bis Son." He said :—What is the evidence that a revelation has been afforded by God? becomes a question of tremendous moment to every thoughtful mind. It is, perhaps, the practical form which all religious thought in our time has taken. A few may ask the further more original question as to the being of God atf all; but that for the majority of persons seems to be pretty well bottled. In some form or other all recognise the fact of the being of a Supreme Almighty Personality, whose we are, and unto whom we ever strive. But, say some, there is not only a God, but He has spoken. He has broken the silence, and come forth from behind the veil He has given a reve* lation of Himself. The Bible is its record. According to some the Bible itself is that revelation. It not only contains, but is the very word of God, every sentence, every word, every letter being of the inspiration ot the Holy Ghost. INSPIRATION. Now, into the amount of inspiration and it? relation to the mere style of Scripture I do nob propose to enter. It is an interesting topic, and some make much of it. X propose to consider a somewhat different point, namely, the grounds upon which we affirm our belief that there has been a revelation, and especially the revelation which Holy Scripture either is or contains. That this is an important question I need not for a moment stay to consider. If God has spoken to man, then, indeed, it is a matter of infinite moment that man should give heed. To hear that Divine voice, to be sure that what we hear is not a deceiv ing and a lying echo of a mere human speech-this involves the welfare of time and the security of the eternal life. It is no wonder that the matter is so widely debated, and sometimes even so passion ately discussed, seeing that it concerns the dearest interests of man's immortal spirit. At one period of the Church's history there was little raising of this question, inasmuch as the Church itself was held to be the manifestation of the Divine will. No doubt was expressed of the Church's authority, and the voice of her authorized ministers was the very voice of God; but the Reformation introduced, or restored, a wiser thought. Protest was made against the outrageous claims of ecclesiastical authority, and the liberties of human thought were reasserted against the tyrannies of a corrupt Church. But the Reformed Church soon found itself compelled to answer the pressing questions of the human mind. You tell us, was the argument, that God has revealed Himself. Where is the revelation? In the Bible, was the answer of the reformed teacher. How do we know it ? asks the questioner. What is the Bible? Why must I believe it? What is its authority? Upon what evidences do you base its claim? A REVIVAL OF THE ECCLESIASTICAL AUTHORITY. In order to make our position clear we mast ciU attention to a remarkable revival of the claims of the ecclesiastical authority which has been seen in our own time. Protestantism was startled, then amused, and perhaps now has become seriously alarmed at the rise of a school of thought within itself, the language of which once more is, Hear the Church. That the specific influences of this teaching have been limited to almost one section of the Church is perfectly true, but at the same time its doctrines—urged and sustained as they have been by men of undoubted scholarship, exalted piety, and a most exemplary devotedness have had their effect upon all the thought and life of modern Christendom, and it is quite certain that the arguments of this school, combined with some of the bolder utterances of the rationalistic school of criticism, have compelled the careful reconsideration of their position upon the part of those who are still faithful to the spirit of the Reformers and the Apostolic Church, as well as a modification of the somewhat hard and impossible doctrines of the scholastic dogmatism of the later Puritans. It seems to me thdt the only position which we can safely bold is one that results from, the combination of the teaching of all the schools of Biblical thought. Take one by itself, and you will find it untenable. It is open to the assaults of the foe, and to the undermining of those who ought to be allies. But in an eclectic spirit, with a truly catholic comprehension, learning from all, blendlng all, limiting the excess of any one by what the others afford, thus forming the complement of evidential strength, we affirm the fulness of our faith in the Word of God; that we know assuredly that God has spoken, if in divers ways and varied measures, unto the fathers by the prophets, also assuredly in these later days by His only Son our Lord. THE CONSENT OF CHRISTENDOM. In the first place, then, we appeal to that evidence of revelation which we gain by tbe universal consent of the Church of God. Whatever may be tbe differences between the varied portions of the Church in respect of doctrine, of ritual, of mutual relation of the parts, of modes even of salvation, there is a general, we may say universal, agreement as to the fact that God has spoken to men, and that the record of His speech is in the Bible. For practical purposes Christians are at one in respect of what constitutes the canon of Scripture. Here and there we may find doubts concerning portions of the Word of God, Some Churches insist upon ancillary documents which others reject. Certain parts claim a greater authority, or perhaps we ought to say a more sympathetic acceptance and a more common use than others. Still, upon the whole, there is a general consensus of opinion that we nny well call the catholic doctrine of Scripture which is virtually universal and one. THE HISTORY OF THE BIBLE. And we may find this continue, as we trace it backwards in the history of the Church. By a certain general usage, by a distinct pronouncement, by councils of the Church, we find tbe books which now make up the Bible recognised as a record of the word of God, as tbe story true and trustworthy of that revelation which God has made of Himself. We are quite aware that as we retreat into the earlier shades of Church history, the defiolteness and completeness of tbe Book are not so assured. Made up, as it is, of separate works, it was necessarily known in different parts of the Church in different proportions, some sections being universally familiar, and others only slowly making their way into general acceptance. Still there was a certain universalness of canonical authority, which we may feel as existent among the Churches of Christ in all ages. It might he extended to the various parts of the Bible, as they came to be known, but still it was there, and as there has been a Church of all ages, so there has been a conviction in that Church that there has been a revelation in all ages, a God showing Himself to a people who recognised Him, anu thus recorded in various forms, at length gathered into a book, which we have to-day freely, widely scattered, open for all to peruse-the Bible. Now, here let us dearly distinguish the weight which we attach to this fact—a historic ecclesiastical literary fact. By some this is taken and affirmed to be the only authority by which we are to determine what is, and what is the claim of, the Word of God. "Hear the Church,'" they say; believe the Bible, because the Church says you must believe it, and this is the Bible that you must believe. Believe it, as the Church says you must believe it, and in the measure and by the rules which the Church itself lays down. This is the standpoint. This is the point to which the Oxford movement in the Anglican section strongly tends, a position I would affirm, which has always been perilous to the interests of the Church and of the social state, philosophically unsound also, opening the my for that reaction of sceptical unbelief which has always followed the full- blossoming of ecclesiastical pretensions. ITS UNIVERSAL ACCEPTANCE. But yet, whilst we reject that position as the sole and the supreme authority of Scriptural acceptance, we submit that we shall make a vast mistake if, with some of its opponents, we altogether reject it as an evidence upon which we may ground our faith. There is in all subjects a place for catholic authority. It is quite true that the paradox must not altogether be forgotten that minorities are in the right always. Still, if that alone be true, what hope is there for the final triumph of truth, and the universal acceptance of that which is the very reason of God? And, moreover, while it is a noble spectacle to see one man against tbe world and there have been the Athanasias, and the Galileo, and the Luther of an almost solitary opinion—nevertheless a wise man will at least con* sider, and give careful weight to that which all men "aflirn- . The principle of common sense upon which a trubphiJo-cpby most always £flll back is only the principle of catholic acceptance which has been tcade so much of by the traditionary Churches upon one side and the Scriptural Churches on the other. Authority may not bea plea for compulsion, bat it should Mwt»ys, with a wise student, be a reason for fateful judgment. If it has no right to tyranny, it has at least its evidential value, and we appeal to it with confidence as furnishing one of those grounds upon which w« conclude that God has spoken, and that all men may find that voice in the Holy Scrip ture. SWhat a wonderful testimony this has been t How e grand concert of voices rolls from all the ages 1 From the sparse and scattered settlements of Srimeval man there comes the voice that God ath spoken. We catch the faintest echo of a single word of those beiore the flood who walked with God, and preached righteousness to a corrupt and decaying age. The Patriarchs preserve the knowledge, and from the side of Noah's altar, from the majestic figure of the father of the faithful as be wandered over Syrian plains, from the bowed form of the much-sorrowing Jacob leaning on his btaff, waiting for the summons that will end a pil grimage weary and tired, from the strange company teat sat upon the ground in the laud of Uz, and meditated and despaired, in the wild drama that iias raised the question*, only to give to frith, and not to knowledge, the answer to the deepest ques tioning of man, comes the concurrent testimony of a revealiog God. And the voices grow more multitu dinous as we come down the years. Israel's wander* ing children, the struggling tribes in the land, gained to piety and lost always to faithlessness, psalmists and prophets, kings and priests, swell the affirmation. Choice spirits, like points of light in a dark valley, from Galilean towns, and Samaritan villages, and Judean cities, come to give a clearer affirmation, a more determined " Tea." Then pour in the nations. Greek and Roman, Scythian and Gaui, Briton and Frank bring in their millions, and will affirm that God haB spoken. The martyred aaintB, the faithful confessors, golden*moutbed preachers, and seraphic doctors, and batter still, simple-minded men and women in the simple duties of our common life, hearing the word affirm it, try ing the testimony bring fresh evidence. A multi tude whom no man can number, from every clime, and language, and nation, and family join in the universal affirmation of the revealing God. Who am I, brethren-who are you-that we Bhall dare to treat as of no evidence and no weight this catholic vplpe of universal Christendom ? THE OBJECTIONS CONSIDERED. But there is an objection to this evidence which Hurking in the mind as we proceed, as it is freely urged by the opponents of our faith, may be here properly noticed, and it will Berve us well to pass to the next clasB of evidence npon which we base our acceptance of the revelation of God. If .catholicity be evidence, it will be said, may not other religions urge a catholicity even more com plete for tneir sacred books which are said to be all ^revelations of God 1 Now, in the first place, I might answer, " Well, and what if they were revelations ?' or "What if they contain revelations?" For my Ct I believe that God Is a Father of all men, ana graciously shown Himself in many ways to His .children, and if that be so, the reference to other religions, so far as I am concerned, can have little weight But as I do not propose to insist upon this point here, I make another answer - and here all Churches go with me - namely, that we appeal to the character of the book which professes to be a revelation, and we say that it 1B unique, that it stands not only at the very head of all literature, putting out the light of all other religious hooks as the sun puts out the light of the stars, that it bears upoQ itself the stamp of its Divine orlgio, that you -cannot explain it upon the ordinary principles of .literary criticism, that in subject and style, that in .its varied portions and in their combined unity, you Have a volume which stands its own proof, the evidence of revelation lying not merely in -the universal voice of the faithful, but also .upon the page of the book itself. Think of the Bible as a unity, and yet made up of much diverse material. All forms of literary work "are contained in it. It is history and biography, ?chronicle and memoir, it has poetry and drama, narrative of fact and graceful suggestive fiction; there are lyrics and love songs, psalms and hymns, sermons and epistles, grave philosophic treatises, the chants of prophets, the sublime predictions of the seer. It is not the offspring of a single age, much less a single author. It Debugs to manv lands. It gives the colours of varying climes and languages, races, and condition. Some of its facts are probably coeval with the race; certainly the composition ranges over nearly two thousand years. Dynasties had changed, Empires had risen and decayed, the people to whom it specially belonged bad passed through the greatest modifications possible for men. A family, a tribe, a confedera tion, a nation, united, free, scattered, enslaved, Changeful in form of government, reforming their eeligion, developing their ritual, all these and much .glee went on while the book was ever growing. It is slbBurd to call it a book. It is a library, a litera ture, No literature in the world represents such a variety, stretches over such a vast period, passes through such a change. Many languages are laid under tribute to supply its form, the most varied, protean, multifold literary work in existence. And yet it is one. From beginning to end it has a unity. The first page and the last page are bound together kl>y all the golden links that intervene, and each link is stamped with the crown of its one royal subject, the person to whom its first page pointB, round whom its central pages gather, audi from whom it moves on to the end, which is gathered up into that .one person and the human longing for His presence, His return. Now, I ask, what must such a fact as 'this not produce in the mind of a thoughtful man? Does the unity of nature not almoBt compel us to .affirm its one source, its one Supreme Buler ¥ Does the uniformity of Providence-that line of light which can be traced through all the changing -chequeied fortunes of the human race; that one increasing purpose which through the ages runs not demand that we recognise and aaore the God of History, the Lord of human kind ? And shall we see this wondrous book, with its one subject, its one purpose, in a variety as infinite as nature, and over an extent which is coeval with the duration of mankind, and not affirm that a God has spoken, and that Be has recorded His speech in this sublime Bible ? 