WliRt People are Sny^nV fBr " ATP, THE ADRIAN."! ^ THAT the representatives of Queensland, Victoria, and South Australia will be fellow paisengento England by the Ballej, losing Sydney on the 87th. That they ehould taie the Sydney'man along and talk federation by the way unfortunately the mother colony ia without a Minister to aend just now. That other politicians besides those above referred to and the members for Warwick, Wide Bay, and Gympie are on the wing. That the North Queensland teparationists wanted to send Macrceenn home to keep bis eye upon oir Samuel, but John Murtagb saya he can't spare the time. That tbey-aremow talkingof sending Hume Black as the next best nan." That if thpy would only pack Lumley Hill off as envoy, extraordioaiy for, Kanakadom they ipight' advance their own cause, and would certainly benefit the whole colony. That the aldennanic elections will supply the chief topic ofsonvtt^tion fa) post Queens land towqs jdutJng til text foiinifht. That so far as Warwick is ooncerned tbe extftemefcilb haiuptolhe present been as mild as pigeons' milk; but just bide a wee I That " Alp" is prepared to bet his bottom dollar-which bapp^Ttp to ^jtoji.'pnly one that there-will not'be as much gassing about the Queen's Park this time as there was two years ago. \ That tbe jbogtj opns raTlf^l about tte r rights of tW tMepawnf to the'X'ark utterly failed to accomplish its purpose, and it* creators havp.yev wiselylltd it by. Tbat on nomination day we sball of course have tbe great town cow and day labor qnes tions onoe more discussed from orthodox points ofview. j | Tbat up'to tbe present AUmab is the only one of the retiring aldermen who hsa an nounced bit intention of seeking re-election; but That the others win etep into the breach in good time^'apd | \ . That new ism.inefficient apmben will dotabtlns'be fpund ri^idy toiilaoe thsir^ir vices st the disposal of c^ej ra«J]«$yei*^ ^ Thst jiith butter wUiiigatjid per lb. and bay at £t luipertob lp the Brisbane market the Warwick dairymen kt)d fanners are in no immedlaie danger of (wcoMtng bloated pluto orats. ? || ; That under ekistibg chfeaottabfees trading with Brisbane simply means toying with the Insolvent Court. ^r rhat this kind of thing can't go on (or ever-and MliefcSn; only be: found in a line West, a substantial reduction of'frelghta, or Protection. ;? ; ' . That there is something radically wrong aomewbere when, arWh (ttonMsda of tons of bay, available on Us Downs, hay-continues to w imported in large quantities from tbe 8outh. Thit this is a qtasMiott which'.the Downs ?farmers ahodld look aqbarely iin the face is tbeintervalbetween-tblsand'the general BlMtipa, . . :-M 3- ! ' Tbat papa Pibnock, P.M..bf B<iabane, has taken the buff because the provincial towns otyecpfo^ecsiipjth? fqgne* and tljieves of the That P. P. i* a true ni&tteenth; century phil sntbropift, and likes to be generous at other people s expense. Thatfceiaaoxiowtagive thfjeity magsmen * a ob'» nB8-presumably f Sbbisbe to crack "provincial.orios. ^That tte rarti«$o not (hir& for tbe com panionship of Pinnock's protegu, and will brtag a fcoraet's nest about tbe good man's ears it be (tcies not cbsngs his taotios. Tbat tbe Douity Doubtful Qaxttte-the Albinojack o' lantern of the dismal swamp is angry with " Alp" for mentioning Cory and 1'horneloG Smith as likely opponents oTGh-oom and Aland at the next general election. That the pink 'un probably has an idea of tunning Grasshopper Goodwin lor one of tbe seats, and <toes£'tlike thetidea U opposition. That as a benefactor tbe great grasshopper exterminator couldn't even bold a candle to 'DttMTBSVIor, and wouldn't have a ghost of tiBSWigflnst the father of the 'Ouse and tbe gentle Bobert. . That young Boland or Jo* Stirluigmuld make utMet race. But Smith ant Coir «*s the^nenaor Qaltfeyi-Mike-*' JMpV' tip for tbat That between them they won't give the old political wet nurse time to come along and tell tbe Warwick folk what to do; and it will be just as wall for Warwick-and the wet nurse. That there were quite a large number of weddings in Warwiok last week, indeed the matrimonial market has not been so brisk for a'bng'time. ? v ;i)Jf : ?; 'i%at this1, if not evidence of fetfanlnijfcos-. perlty, is at least proof tbat our young men and maidens love one another. That the annual fight fot seats at the' OieU gallon Board takes place next Satnrday week. That HcOaban and Free, Mogrldge and Lamb, and Harligan and Margetts are tbe combatants in the respective subdivisions. . . That" Alp" hasn't <atvnte,: and can take no part in the struggle further than to express a nope that the bejitmen-ifUI'wim-r r-;~i That another of iPinnacUi m'trit. was sen-' tented hi thelocal Polfoe.Court, oil ^ iiaiuMa^ for vaguncy. That Pipnock and Pugh don't' seem tobe£ quite in accord as to .the bast method pf re forming habitual loafers.' ' J ' That Plnnock advocates a run in the coun try ; Pugh, on the other hand, thinks there is more virtue in a napping hammer and a pile of blue road metal. That tbe vagrants support Pinnock's view, which is about the best possible evidence-that it ia a mistaken one. That-young men who have got.into,tbe habit of bathing within view of penonrjpast ing in the public streets had better look out for squalls. , That cleanlinesses next to godliness, hot indecensy stands in very much the same re lationship to devilry. That if tbe minions of the law get their clutches upon some of these flash young men the P.M. will probably teach them a salutary lesson. That tbe editor of the Ooondiwindi Herali acknowledges the receipt of a big bunsh of Rrapes, 12 inches long by 8 inches wide, "wrapped in a copy of tho Toowoomba Chronicle." That the Herali man positively declares that " it tvds the best thing be has seen in the Chrmielt for a long time." 