; . .. SUNDAY SERVICES. . .. feT. MARY'S OHURCH. . . The following is a resume of the - sermon '' ', d«ltvar«d by Prior Colaman on Sunday even ; .log; At vespers on bunday evening tho aervicn was conducted by the Yory Rev Prior : . Ooleman, who after mass had been oolebrated ! : gave an eloquent, earnest, and prnctioai address to' his congregation. His romarks were foundod on the words of St. Paul, in >■ his Epistlo to tho Romans, XII ohap. Bth ■ Verse, "For I soy by the grace of God given iinto mo to all that are among you not to be v ; lnore wise than it behoveth you to be, but to He wise honestly, soberly, and according as ! v God has divided to every man the measure of faith." After referring to the various , ' divisions and diversities of opinion that . existed among mon he asked to whom were Christians to seek for counsel oradvicein ' ; - mattersof faith or discipline, if notthe church. Men had set about reading and studying tho Bible for themselves, forming their own opinions and judgments instead of bowing 1 to the decision of the church. Men had . argued that the holy spirit was only given to ■ . the apostles in the day of Pentecost but ■': they forget the words of OhriBt—If [ go away I will Bend you another comforter : which will lead you unto all truth,lo he will : .. be with you to the end of time. This was a promise to His church that He, the divine ; . /spirit should always be with them. Now ,, while the disciples' wore in that *pper chamber in Jerusalem, where they were :assembled in expectation, the Holy Ghost descended on them in the form of tongues of ■ ;firo whioh Was a clenr manifestation that the promise made by Jesus Christ was being > fulfilled. He then at some length reviewed the. history of the church of Rome, which 'through sixteen long centaries hod' ' .maintained in doctrine, insacri fices, in saoramer.ts, and in unity. Then .: there came what seme called a Reformation r bnt the spirit of God was not changed and . the churoli of God, the holy Oathnlio Church, . •' though persecuted beyond measure man tained her position. Whoever said that the < • church became corrupt, or lo3t hor power or that the divine spirit fell into error uttered blasphemy; whosoever said that the holy /) spirit was unable to direct, to support, «nd ' 'maintain that church was an heretic and tittered blasphemy, because the Holy . . Ghost was God Himself. T!«e church : —tho good old Catholic Churoh —,ns»er fell into error or corruption—it was . . impossible, In the present day it had. every si^n of the presonce of the divine spirit in its ■j. midst—by its purity of belief, by its sacrifices, • by its iBcraments, and by its having a visible -'head —the vicar of Christ on earth. There : ":wbb rio sign of decay as there had been a ,. continual succession of Popes from St. Peter down to Leo — there lias always been a visible . head—a representative of Christ their Lord . ^residing over thoir church to guide and instruct, to comfort and to oherishit. They •ihad therefore great reason "to rejoice.' The world knew they were members of that ohurclv \- whioh Was espoused to Christ, and he there fore warned his hearers to abide by the ^''.instruction. "Do not conform yourslves to J' tha things of the world, but renewed in the .' spirit of your faith—to tho measure of faith ' . you , have, recoived." Men were always . ..studying the bible to find out new religions; but in the holy Catholic Church thore was 'if nothing, new ; they had received tho gift of holy faith and the saornmenis of the church ;s.'wh|ch were instill: (i' > -heir salvation. He/exhorted them 'o livu tu that faith ; they were all/members of one bidy, as they were .;:all members of God—they must live in it, they must dio in it, and be able to say with ' St. Pauli' "1 have finished my course, I i'have'kept the faith ; thore remains for me an imperishable crown of glory." That such ,may be yours is the earnest wish of my life.— Amen, 