LIKE AND) UJNLI i. Br M. E. Bsannow; Authoor oef rank-dYn e tiatsreea'r t CHAPs O ses fX-L - D(Coxrrutn) where was a silence. Mr., Melnotte did motvoblunteer any information as to his birth or parentage. He was a nurious little man' in this wise, and, except .for his' African e?perienoes, seemed to be a 'man withoutl a history. Sir Adrian .wondered how his triendship with Colonel Deverill could have come about: The two men seemed to have so little in'common. From a good natured impulse, rather than for any particu'ar reasonlhe asked Mr. Melootte to dinner, an invitation which was promptly accepted. "tfiat always a ple'asure to visit enoh a hoPe ar yours, Sir Adrian,' he said; ' a hob ti'h a ltor y.. No1 doubt the Abbey hasits history.' . r "Yes. It has a gool many histories, or traditions.' hti, Any ghoste. Any story of a dark crime in the remote past ?' I have heard of neither ghost nor 'Well, it is a noble old house, even without those embellishmente,'eaidMelnotte, cheerfully, 'and the park and gardens are perfect. This Is a tributary of the Chad, I suppose, this river in your grounds.' Yes, it unites with the Chad lower down.' . - -- ... ?Aswirr, aeepih river, eh?' 'Swift and deep.' 'It makes a very pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, steight, I think you said, Sir Adrian 7 Good light.' Mr. Melnotte oroed a rustlio bridge and diiappearcd' in the twiligezt on the further baisk,-while Adrian strolled slowly along the I cyprees.walk., . . He was met by.Looy Freemantle, who unoonsoiously suggested a remlnletenue of Sbakespeare'e Beatrice.. 'I have been sent to ask you to come to t tea,' she said, blushing a little, her com- 1 plexion of lilies and roses looking brighter I than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. '.You were very good to take so much I trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they I abhook hands. .Oh, it was no trouble. I am always glad of a run, Mother and I came to call upon c Lady Beldeld, and Lady Belield was getting I fidgetly about you, so mother told me to run and look for you, and I guessed I should dind you this way.'. How clever of you.' i They were on very friendly terms, Lucy l iavingkaown the Abbey and theAbbey people I all.her life. A few years ago when the had been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, standing a as.it were apart from all other young men Q upon the strength of a superior position and suaserior attainments, butc of late she had felt e herself more upon a level with him, and more e at' her ease in his society. He called her Luoy. as a matter of course, having known r her in pinafores, but 'she called him Sir I Adrian; ' . 'Is my brother at home?' he asked, as I they walked towards the Abbey. 3 ' No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk- a about the poor old people and their ailments v -noch dreadful complieations. How hard it seems that the poor should suffer in all ways. i People who know nothing about them think i they are healthy and hardy because of their c acanty.fare and open-air life; but when one I -eomes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much r of it.'j ' 1" She spoke warmly, having just come from ap scene of suffering in one of the cottages. She d was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and c beauty, a girl for whom life meant action f and duty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at a county ball she dansed as gaily as the most a feather-headed of hsei.-.?-- ..-~O b . ' ter-headdy disa, !e an evening beiog Blow. Lady Belfield and Mrs Fceemantle were ait:1-g by the fire in the inner drawingroom, a the cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Bock- a stone, who sat in one of the most luxurious of .the large arm chairs, with his legs r, stretched out in front ct the hearth, basking a in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long tl day among his poorest parlhionere. a They were talking-of Valentine. b 'He ought to makeian effort, my dear h Lady Belfield,' saida the Vcar. ' The blow ti that has fallen' upon him is a heavy one, but t1 it is almost unmanly, to sucoumb as he has h done.: His whole- being is' undergoing t deterioration. He has-breoded upon the one great wrong uniil -hiei oul has become b steeped in gall. tWeis a misanthrope at an r age.when men generally love their fellow 0 creatures." Something must be done to save a him from himself.', - e 'Yes, something -must be done,' echoed Mrs.. Freemantle. l" i'is terrible to see aI fine young man like .Valentine lapsin into 2 physical and tnoral decay. My, husband h tells me that he shuns all his old" friends- I does not even show at the meet, and rides in y a way that Showe bhecarees no more for other a people's lives than he does for his own. He 0 ought to goto Australia.' - ' SThat is- the remedy, Mrs. Freemantle,' eaid the yioar,_. i new country--Australia; or the Bed River district-a new and not too civilised country-utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing is your only Aethe ; the only remedy for a mind diseased. , I know t it would grieve you to part with him, my y dear-Lady B;1field, but you would have him basok in two or three years, a new man. Whereas; if you lethim a;ay here, decay is inevitable. You remember what Dickens says about thedry'rot in a man. Im afraid Spoor Valentine's is'a oee of dry rot.' 'I would 'do' inythin. leor his welfare- sacrifice anythmg,'replied Lidy Belfleld. ' Then you' and Adrian riest put your heads together and persueoa- him to travel; ii California, Texas, Bed It . - or even Africa, if he fancies shooting artelopes, or dealinp in buffaloes. You can take advantage cf f, this Mr. PLelnotte, who is a mighty traveller. The grand thing is to rouse Valentine.from a 'ls present apathy, and set him going insomse Way.' 'a SI am entirely of your opinion, Vicai,' said o -Adrian. "My brother wants new enurround. ings. -A'yeungman withcut sime orintereels, I moping away hie life in's country place, is a sorry speetaole. I will tk him in hand o0 oight.' ' Do, my dear Adrian.' exaclaimed Mrs. t Freemitantle. 'I have hkown you' andyour brolher too long to be ible ra see either of Ii you going wrong without speaking my mind.' p They-sat round the fire f-r some time alter tl this,' talking of masy 'thins, enjoyting the blaze of the great pioelopes, and the aromas a of Lady Balfeld'a excellent tea-but two P among them were heavy- st'heart, cheerful as the general toen of the conversationnmlght S be. or' Adrii'" thefs had been he 'suoh h thing as happineass, or even peace of mind, I inoe that fatal night.,~His life had been one long pretence. It was a hunting day, and on such days Valentine' always sta~yi oUt among the latest; ramlyppearlag'g natilafter dinner. He weaold comeinto thbohonse on the. stroke of eight, perhaps, and would be changiog his clothes, while the other !were- dining. He woulid dine alone betieennine'and ten, at a lIittletable in front of the billiardroom fre, He badsoeverbeen a gourmand, hot he alse now with the air.of a man who hardly knows what he isJ eating-taking' anything the uervantsaetsbefors him, and drinking : more :bthan wasgood for him. - ' H.sta't- got no appreciation of a nise little dinner,' said hndrew, despondently. 'It doh's pay to take paids ab .ot it, Mrs. Marrable, uI tells cooki .Give him a bottle of burgundy, and,4?e: iquoso petaud after Sdinner, ande asksL~,o4qesgions.' There was no more of thilse chery tee rinrkings with the mother after the day's \--rpot; no more ieoeltals of' the day's .raventores. The yout'man went out alone in nthemorning, moody aat.utilent; be sume -'bome in the same temper, His mother had wateded him in quiet grief, hbpiing thit as the montba went by- ?,braisEtd spirit would r.reeover'.'l"t tln els mesd ee?l." to deepieni uas ausuiug gicomu, ana ui ilt iess uau grown hopeleess. Tas it wars that she was ready to receive any plausible snegestion. He?was lrte on thi'pirtieular evening, and it iwas etn until half.pat' nli:":hit:' he was ready for his dinner: t- cfi, ' I'll go and talk to him after he has dined, said, Anfian, whb..had beea:.lingering o? ide..ta irth hisr moter, trying to cheer her with the promfsdiof brighter d .ay " Do,. dear. ,For pity)s:.ake lnfidenee him for good. I am helpless.- Hismind i a sealed book to me. He his never don fided in me from the time of his boyhood. He has taken his own way always, for good or for evil' Valentine was sittiog in a Glastoaborry chair in front of the wide fireplace, 'the burgundy decanter batoro shim, :olmost empty. The lamps over the billiard-table were onlighted, and the spaeious room was half in shadow.: The firelight flickered on. guns and swords in the recess at the further end, and there was a circle of soft light round the spot where Valetiane sat from the shaded colza lamp on the small Sother. land table. 'A good run, Val ' asked Adrian, seating himself opposite his brother. * Pretty good.' . - Yna musatzagAlitf-eruon rPmopsaed 'Bus that means five o'clook, and a three. qouarters of ani hour's ride home.' Where have 3 on been since ?' :..... ' r.. 'Idon't know.' . ' Valentine.'.. .. .... ' Don't stare at: me, man I I tell you I don't know.' I: have :been riding about I somewhere-loeing myself on the:moor, it you like. Great; God, if I could only lose myself altogether-ride , away Into some enabhanted valley, and go to sleep there.for ever.' It was almost the first time he had spoken openly of his despair. From the hour of the crime until now there had been no con fidenee between the brothers. 'T'hey had lived together, and talked of the daily busi ness of life, bhut there had been an im passable lf.. betwixt .the past and the I present. By mutual consent they had been dumb. But tonight Valentine was utterly worn out in mind and body, fagged, helpless, I nervous. That powerful frame and etrong self- reliant temper had been broken by the t slow agonies of remorse. Brutal as the man's b nature might be, conscience was not dead in him. It had awakened in the hour when a he found himself alone after his crime- n face to face with the memory of a murder. It had never slept sinee. ' Valentine' began Adrian, earnestly, ' youn are leading a miserable life. Things :annot go on like this.' SYou mean that I had better do as your criminal of the lower elasees sometimes does g under such cireuomtancea-give myself up-. walk into Frsemantle's study tomorroww morning and tell him that I killed my wife, Is that what you mean 2' • a No. It is too late for that course. What a I mean is that you must leave the eoene of your - misadventure. You have lingered I here too long. You must go away--to another continent - Africsa; Australia, wherever you can find the resources which will give you mostrelief of mind. The past is pest, Val. .There is no help for that. Let it be past. You have suffered for your sin of a moment in all the long months that have gone by since that fatal night. You will suffer more or lees to the end.' ' More or less,. no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, . with quivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the incarnation of despair. d ' Your self-torture can do no good to you p or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild a free life which suits your temperamgef,,gg4 l .. tl. ..,a er4g siagnation of your ex- b latence here. it 'You are right. Anything weold be better -but I think the best would be death.' 'Don't say that, Val. Men have outlived G worse sorrows than yours.' a Men are made of very hard wood, and I b uattered myself-till last summer--that I h was teak or iron-wood; but the dry rot of e remorse has got into me, all the same. I am worm-eaten to the very core. Yes. I tl think you are right, Adrian. I most get h away from this place,:if I don't want to a become a'howling.lunatio.. I have stayed v bere in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking h that I could hardly be more miserable here tl than anywhere else-but you are right. I h bave stayed too long I will stay no longer, Here I am a canue of misery to others as well as to myself. In the desert-or the bush-I shall be my own man again. There will be no need for hypocrisy. could lie G on the ground face downwards and groan ci aloud without anybody calling me to ac ?Your mind will clear and lighten face to zoe with uonsophistieated nature, Val.' said Adrian;"who throughout this 'conversation had spoken with ineffable tenderness: 'You a willbagln a nowelife. Even the memory of your sorrow will be 'softened in 'that far.off atmosphere. You will look back'upon your a old self gently, as we remember the dead. You will have opportunities of helping others -of doing' brave and generous deeds. You will be born again, a better and a wiser a man. My brother-my beloved, brother, the'setoond half of myself,' I have infinite a faith in you yet.' He laid his handsairess. iogly upon bis brother's shoulder. BHe felt ns it a great burden was lifted off his heart by this conversation of to-night. For the irst time sine the catastrophe that had wrecked both their lives, the brothers had spoken together freely. It was like a re- h newal of brotherly love. ' My dear Adrian, you are a great deal h too good to me,' said Valentine, and this E from him was much. SYou must go away, Val ; but' you must do 0 nothing hurriedly. Mrs. Freema6tle was talk ing about you to my mother this afternoouo saying that you looked ill and mopihb,' and ,eeded change. My. mother admitted the Iact, and it was agreed' that you' should' be persuaded to travel. 'Your departure will sherefore seem perfectly natural to all this little world of Chadford, There will be no appearance of flight. Allyou have to think of,' therefore, la the place to which you would like to go-all you have to do is it follow the bent of your own inolination.'. 'I will go toAfrica. There is better sport there than in "Aoatralia-and a freer life. 'If you decide upon Afrlos,i MeInaute may beof uaseto you.' ' '' 'Idan't 'like Melootte, andI don't believe' in his African experiences. I atrongly: sue pect that the man is an imposter. He is too glib.' ' ?But his stories of adventure have a vivid air, as if hehad lived among the scenes and people he desoribes.' 'L'he fellow is a good' actor, 'thatile: all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the Colonel has piked upin a gamblig 'dea . Melsoote may have been to the Cape, perhaps. His experiences in:the interior I rank as' cer C Baction.". . , This idea agreed corionsly with Adrian's own vague suspicions as to Mr. Melnotte'a treuthfulness.' Those Afrioan tlories a ofbie wererather too good and too pietoresque to have happened to one travelletr. Theaverage' man's experienhss are dull enoogh. They ring the ohanges upon 'famine, fever 'aind' eport; But Melnotte seemed to have pa' froinm hairbreadth eseapetot omantiedtoiatl, from draimati"'encounter to picturesque reseoue, withban electrical l rillianey. He had slain his lions by the horde, and shot-hils gemsbooks In hecatombe: There -wasr ex: aggeration, no doubt ;but whether the man were: an actual imposter remained to be proved. ' don't want 'anybody'. advice ?' aid Valeniiie deeaisvely. If I ican one brace myselt ap to 'Ieve this place, I shall go to London, get abe kind of routfi 'I think neeerary,,and then sesil tothe .Cape' Odee there I can piak op the information I want about the Interior, and I shall plan myi route from there.' :" SWhein iit yooun t. -.. start. 'I I sball 'o' to L~ondo by an early timum to-moaiow- nd .so theb ape by :the' firs good tesir'that eau chrry'me atb.re: ' : TImarronrie 7' ihat's' soon'' ' ' Whj bolUiIdtls)a I hkve ienb' ?lt?': i lng hbere lae to reas won a spealreo-?us a is man in a nighltmare; dresm, who fases soms great hor and cannot mow-hin -:or-:foit. ., The sooner I go; the better.' S'Lit me gotola do. With you,'Vi. I should like to use you off.' . . i'Nono. Im not fitcompany for my 7 fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps after tea u yearsin Afrie I may be better. Let me suffer my purgation, Adrian. ' Let me wrestle w with the memory of sin, as Jacob wrestled ,nwith the angel-·and then perhapse-omeday \-- with a tdled sob, '.Ishal be' .bheier worthy of your unelflhb love-and of my I mother.' ' God help you to pardon and forgetfulness, Val. But let me go to London with you.' ;' No,' I want to be alone there. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sail, and then, if there. were time, and yoo would like to come and, shake hands at parting. ' 'Bs sure I will come, if you give me the bchanc.-- It will comfort the mother to bear of you at the last'moment of leaving. She would like to be there herself, dear soul, if you would let her.' ' Dear soul, poor soul,' murmured Valen. tine, with a remorseful tenderness which was esrange to his rough'nature. , She has given me honey, and I hattsimanah~iW?' son 'both ei'rrpasA . "`You are strong in love and in mercy. Good night, and good-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early tomorrow morn ing' 'But you will bil your mother good bye,' 'Must I? That will be hard. 1 should like to slip away without any leave.taking. I would write to her from London.' '8he would be heartbroken if you left her like that.' ' Perhaps you are right. It is the weak* nees of her character to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone-safe and happy-with you. You ought to marry, Adrian. You owe as much to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Free mantle, who has been in love with you for the last five years.' . 'Valentine.' - 'It's a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from the time she left off short frocks and long hair. You have been her idealfrom the day she left the nursery- perhspebefore, I dareeay she was often thinking of you over Pinnoek or Lingard. Marry ,her, Adrian. She has not one -of the attributes of the' typical girl, and will make you a true 'and I honest wife. . 'I- will wait till my time comes, Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad smile. ' 'It has , not come yet.' Lady Belfeld was always -an early riser. She was in her garden next.mornlng, looking at the first clusters of .snowdrope, white againest the whiteness of the.hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a,journey, in for lined overcoat and deer-stalker cap. ' Mother,' he began abruptly, 'Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try abhange of sceae as a cure. for bitter memories. -TI am going abroad for a spell.' 'Yes, dear. 'Ye., it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered his mother, paling soddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' but you will not be going just yet. You will take time to think. about i.' d . 'I am going at once. You know I was never given to irresolntion.L I have done most things, for good or evil, on the spur of . the moment. I am off by the 8.85. My portmantenau have gone down to thestable .t yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 'For the Cape ! That le so far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spain.' STame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holi day ground of self.opinionated Yankees and I personally.conduooted Cockneys. No, if change n of oene ise to do m'PqiI 'LA e tIo fae with iorie. Africa is the place for me. Don't n be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Herne Bay.' f ' And you are going-this morning?' 'At ones. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good.bye.' He clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kissed her for years- hardly since he was a schoolboy, His own eyes were not innocent of tears as he rushed away, leaving her to' ob out her sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk which her footsteps had so often trodden. Never had she felt more desolate than in this parting .with the r wayward and beloved son, and yet she told o herself that it wasee well he were gone. Any thing must be better than to see him as he h had been since last August, a The. South-western railway conveyed Mr. Belfield to Exeter, but in the junction station o there, he had a choice. of trains, and the n Gresat-western suited him best on this occa- L sion. He crossed from one platform-to the d other, took his 'ticket for Paddington, and came out upon the departure platform of the Great-western, under the big clock. The platform was not so crowded as usual, and the train was not due for five minutes. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station, Valenti',e passed a man whose face 6 flashed opon' him with a sudden sickening of T the heart and weakening of the limbs, like a the right of a ghost in high noon. ' The wintery uan shone upon those pale i and high-bred features. He saw the face a looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back scorn for scorn, hate for hate. '-He who had never'feared his , fellow.men, sickened at the eight of this man, and passed on with quickened step, and eyes f looking steadily forward, pretending' not to see that familiar face, the face of the-man I who had stolen his wife's heart. i St. Austell stopped and looked back at n him. ' 'AsI am alive, that was the face of a felon,' he said to himself, 'and the mystery of Relen's fate is darker than any of us dream of. That man dared not meet' my eye although it was his place to hectlor and mine d to quail. There was guilt in that look.' w He was on his way westward. Since that I me.ting at the. Badminton, hb had been much disturbed in his mind about his lost losve.. Fickle as the previous experiseiose of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. The year which Mirs. Bsddeley had allowed for the duration of his passion was not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and mishanoe whichI had attended this partienlar intrigue, had intensited his feelings. He would have for feited ten .years of' hie life to have found Helen. and won her for his own, bht .there was that in her husband's countenanoe which chilled his soul. He had. hall a mind to followValentine Belfield, and tax him then and there with foulplay. He had no evidieocs, except the:,mysterious circumsnttances of the wife's disappearance, and that guilty look in the husband'a faee-but the two together brought convictien to Sc. Au~tell's mind. '(To Bor noaTio . 