THE MOON AND PLANETS. IN THE LICK TELESCOPE. [By R.A. Proctor, in the Boston Youth's Companion ] The time is now approaching when we may expect the great telescope of the Lick Observa- tory to be set to its work in surveying the heavens for wonders not within the ken of smaller instruments. Assuredly the world will be disappointed if interesting discoveries are not made by means of that great eye — three feet in diameter — with which, from a station on Mount Hamilton, in California, well raised above the denser strata of our air, astronomers are pre- paring to study sun, moon and planets, comets, stars, star-clusters and star- clouds. Comparing the Lick telescope with the largest yet made, and still more when com- parison is made with the largest yet used, we see that it will have an immense advantage when the air is in such a state that its full power can be employed. With its 36 inch glass it will be nearly twice as powerful in light gathering power as the Washington instrument (26 inches in diameter), and nearly half as powerful again as its nearest rival, the Poulkova telescope. But even this does not indicate its full theoretical superiority, for the larger an object glass is the smaller is the focal image which it forms of a point, and therefore the neater the picture which it forms of a star or of any por- tion of a celestial body studied by its means. Here is the chief advantage of a large tele- ecope. We can use a greater magnifying power without losing clearness and sharpness in the image. It is hoped and expected, for instance, that with the telescope of the Lick Observa- tory a power of two thousand, which means an increase of apparent surface four million times, may be employed under favorable conditions of weather— that is, when the air is still and clear. If this should prove to be the case much may be expected from the use of this fine telescope in the study of the moon and planets. I propose to consider here what may be hoped for in this direction especially. For, indeed, the study of the whole range of survey to which this grand telescope may be applied would require much more space than could here be reasonably allowed me. It was a favorite subject of congratulation when first the Roese telescope was applied to the moon, that, assuming the magnifying power of the instrument to be 6,000, the mean would be studied as if at a distance of about 40 miles. That instrument would bear no such power, however. The Lick telescope is far more powerful in reality, though so much smaller. If the Lick telescope will bear a power of 2.000 it might seem that we should get within about 120 miles of the moon. But this is hardly right, for, as a matter of fact, the immense quantity of air which is looked through, when a glass one yard in dia- meter is employed, tends necessarily to diminish considerably the telescope's range of view. Probably, if we set the distance at which the moon may be supposed to be when seen through this telescope under the most favorable conditions at about 150 miles, and regard the nearest approach made to her by the next best telescope at about 200 miles, we shall form a fair estimate of the gain which may be expected. Any one who will stand at a mea- sured distance of 200 paces from a building, and, having noted what he can see at that dis- tance, will walk 50 paces nearer and note what he sees from this nearer standpoint, will be able to form an idea of the improved view of our moon which the astronomers at Mount Hamil- ton may expect to obtain. If the consider the actual position in which the great telescope will place us with regard to the moon we recognise at once what we may and what we may not hope for. Looking at a portion of the United States from a distance of 150 miles an observer would not see any of the smaller details of the surface contour. But he would he able to distinguish the different formation from each other— not perhaps so much by their tint as by what may be termed their texture; and of course all the greater irregularities would be conspicuously dis- cernible. The larger rivers would be quite obvious at that distance. And if we imagine an observer so situated watching for a whole year it is certain that he would be able to recog- nise the progress the seasons by the changing aspect of the land's surface on account of the effects both of varying weather and of various processes of vegetation. In studying the moon with the great tele- scope we may expect that snch features as these, already satisfactorily dealt with by large telescopes, will be more clearly dis- cerned. The answer already given to the question whether the moon resembles the earth, or is fit to be the abode of life, will be repeated, with somewhat more of emphasis, that is all. It will be seen that the various parts of the moon's surface differ from each other, much as the various formations on the earth are ob- served to differ; but it will be more clearly seen than ever that on the moon there is neither water nor any appreciable supply of air, that there are no rivers, no effects of seasonal change, no forms of vegetation, no clouds, no rain ; in fine, that, in all those cir- cumstances on which the fitness of our world for habitation depends, the moon is utterly unlike our earth. May we not hope for more from the use of the great telescope? It appears to me that we may, but not from direct observation. I can see no chance that the human eye studying our dead neighbor, with a mere increase of tele- scopic power, even the highest increase men can reasonably hope for, will ever perceive much more than has already been recognised. But the Lick telescope is to be provided with an eye which has much more power than the human eye, and moreover records accura- tely what it sees, which the human eye, even with the most skilful hand as an ally is unable to do. The great telescope is to be employed in taking photographs of the heavenly bodies, and celestial photography has, within the last few years, developed most wonderful powers. The photographic work done by the Lick telescope made be made to surpass all other such work in much greater degree than that in which the mere optical power of the telescope has been increased. For the conditions under which photography will be pursued on Mount Hamilton will be exceptionally favorable. Now the moon can hardly be said to have been photographed at all. The work of Ruther- ford, De la Rue, Henry Draper, and Ellery has served only to give an inkling of what may hereafter be done. To show that this is so, I need only mention that, while telescopes of great power have been employed in lunar photography, the best picture of the moon yet obtained shows no more than can be seen with a two-inch telescope, a tiny instrument, such as one may see in any optician's window. If this really indicated the limits of photo- graphic power, indeed, there would be nothing to be said or done, except to lament. But what is the actual state of the case? The Brothers Henry in Paris have within the last two years taught their telescope to record photographi- cally, positively more than it will reveal to the eye ! There is no reason why as much should not be done with the moon and planets, as has long since been done with the sun. Now for this use of the great telescopa, the moon affords an excellent subject. We may expect to get from her the most interesting in- formation she is capable of supplying. She is an ancient or rather a dead world, but the re- cord of her past life is still to be read upon her worn surface. Here are great crater rings, such as once existed on the earth, but during her longer and more active life have long since been worn away. Elsewhere are long bands of extruded matter, akin to the great lava masses of Mon- tana and Wyoming. But in the moon they are more interesting, because they belong to earlier stages of the extrusive process. In other places we have broad tracts mani- festly representing deposited strata, the floors of great oceans, the deltas of rivers, showing that though the moon now has less water by far than the earth, and though she probably had always a much smaller allowance per square mile of her surface, she once had seas and oceans, lakes and rivers. Such features as these are much better studied photographically than in any other way, because their interpret- tation depends chiefly on delicate differences of tint and texture which photography can record far more truly than any human hand, however deftly used. There is one other feature, still more deli- cate, and even more interesting than the rest, which photography with the Lick telescope will admirably render. The floors of lunar seas represent matter washed away from the moon's land surface in long-past ages, and deposited over a surface which was once itself marked by irregularities. Although the matter thus spread over the formerly irregular surface has hidden all dif- rerences of contour beneath an almost uniform level, yet slight differences of tint still attest the presence of irregularities beneath. Pecu- liarities may be noticed, which I have ven- tured to call the ghosts of buried craters— ring-formed marks, something like fairy rings on the earth, only ranging up to 30 or 40 miles in diameter — manifestly showing where im- mense craters lie buried, but not presenting the least difference of level. By means of photography these features were first detected. I believe that by photography, applied as the managers of the Lick Observatory hope to apply it, they may be effectively elucidated. Thus may the moon be made to tell us her past, instructive alike in those details which resemble the details of our earth's history, and in those which belong to the moon's indivi- duality as a planet. For, even as one star differeth from another star in glory." even as the life of an oak differs from the life of an ash tree, so also does the history of one world differ from that of another. In regard to planets, we must remember that a telescope does not even give us a bird's eye view. We see the nearest planet only as an orb in which all such details as on our earth belong to continents are absolutely lost. Mars, the planent most favorably seen, pre- sents continents, oceans, ice-patches, and such cloud-masses as extend far enough to cover those larger features from time to time. But we cannot hope to see rivers or mountain ranges on the ruddy planet. I know not, indeed, what to say about certain markings which Signor Schiaparelli, of Milan, and recently M. Perrotin. of Nice, think they have seen. They are straight, broad bands running across the continents, and latterly Schiaparelli has seen them doubled. If they are canals they are enormously broad, certainly twenty times wider than the Mississippi at St. Louis. They look too regular and straight (as Schiaparelli pictures them) to be natural formations ; and if he is right about their being double they must be artificial. The great Lick telescope may tell us something about these strange features ; I must confess strongly expect that the telescope will tell us that the parallel canals, if not the whole set, are optical illusions. It is at any rate worth remarking that they have only as yet been seen with telescopes of moderate power, and when the planet is unfavorably placed for ob- servation. In the case of Jupiter, we have a much more interesting subject of study than the Jupiter of 30 years ago presented. For now we know that this planet is m icebound, mist wrapped world, but a planet still in its fiery youth, the scene of the most intense distur- . bances. The great red ppot, which has now daring many years exhibited marvellous changes of appearance and color— affecting a surface of about 150,000,000 of square miles— may be made by means of the great telescope, to tell us its story better than it has yet done. It may be found possible also to prove what Henry Draper believed that he had recognised, that the light from this ruddy spot is in part due to the inherent light of the planet shining — like the light of red-hot rock or metal — through a great opening in Jupiter's dense envelope of clouds. The study of the ring system of Saturn by means of the great telescope cannot but be full of interest, now that the ring is recognised as a system of small moons "like the sands on the seashore for multitude," travelling in flights around their mighty primary, looking bright where closely aggregated, dull and grey where so widely scattered that between them the darkness of the sky beyond makes its way. In all these researches the photographic method will be applicable under most favorable conditions at Mount Hamilton, I have before me as I write, photographs, or rather — yet more wonderful— photo- graphic engravings of Jupiter and Saturn, made with the small telescope used by the Brothers Henry, near Paris, where the air is thick and the telescope apt to be disturbed by the movements of vehicles. From the fulness of details in these, I infer that photographs of the planets taken with the Lick telescope may do more, if proper methods are employed, to throw light on the nature of our fellow-worlds than any work done with the telescope for the last half century. 