The Coming: Session. The elections are now completed, and the members returned are beginning to think of entering on the active discharge of legislative duties (most of them have already been pressed into deputation work by their constituents); but the summoning of Parliament is matter in which they are powerless. There is every reason, from a public point of view, why the legislature should go into session without delay; but from the Ministry's point of view there is every reason for postponing the eventful day as long- as they can without rousing a popular outcry and provoking the hostility of members whose passive, if not active, friendship they at present reckon on. In the first place, the Ministry are without a head, and must remain in a decapitated condition for the next five weeks ; for the Premier was not to leave London till to-day, and therefore cannot be expected to arrive in South Australia with all his blushing honors thick upon him, till at least that time has elapsed. In the second place they are without a policy to pre sent to the House when it meets for though the Premier announced at Gawler before his departure for the Imperial Conference, that he and his colleagues had agreed upon a policy, yet it is evident from the varying views expressed at different times by the Acting Premier and by members of the Ministry, that Sir John's statement must be taken in a Pickwickian sense. Of course it would be easy enough for a politician of Mr Bray's versatility to strike an average of the views expressed by the successful candidates and form from them a policy which would commend itself to a majority of the House. But then in doing this he would be reckoning without his chief; and though there is an idea afloat that Sir John Downer's ambition is sated, and that he is now willing to retire on his laurels, yet that idea does not appear to us well founded. In the first place, it would be very bad form indeed for the Premier to retire directly he had obtained what he was accused of seeking; such a course would be tantamount to an acknowledgment that he valued South Australia simply for what he could get by its means, and having got it, was calmly indifferent as to the course of its affairs. In the second place, the Premier's attendance at the Imperial Conference, and the intercourse he must necessarily have had with leading British and colonial statesmen, can hardly have failed to stimulate his political zeal and induce him to try, at all events, to still retain a position of eminence and importance in colonial affairs. Then, again, though the Ministerial prospect is not particularly roseate, it is always an advantage for a Government to meet a newly elected Parliament which is largely composed of new members ; and with his past experience in dealing with a South Australian Assembly, Sir John has probably full confidence in his ability to " bluff' through at least the first session—if he can be present at its opening. He would come back, too, quite unembarrassed, personally, by electioneering promises, and with the advantage of being able to pick out the best parts of his opponents' policy, thus putting them to the disadvantage of a personal issue in any attempt to oust him from office. Altogether, then, it is evidently the cue of the Ministry to delay the meeting of Parliament till the Premier's return; and the only thing which can hurry it on is the pressure of public opinion. The Protectionist members have taken the first move and decided to hold a meeting, with the view of forcing the Government's hand on the tariff question. The deputy Premier certainly promised to go in for Protection ; but then he afterwards modified that promise by declaring that he did not intend to deal with the tariff during the first session of the new Parliament. The inconsistsncies of the tariff indeed demand its amendment, though certainly not in the direction of Protection j and under present financial conditions a large remission of duties s cannot be contemplated. As to the extra taxation which the increase in the deficit has proved to be necessary, Mr Bray first proposed that it should be raised by a property tax, but he subsequently abandoned that proposal and intimated that an amendment of the present Taxation Act, providing for an increase in the income tax receipts, would suffice ; and in altering his programme in this respect he was undoubtedly wise, since in so doing he was simply adopting the popular verdict— a consideration which was probably of considerable weight with him. As regards payment of members, Mr Bray has accepted the principle—though his leader is opposed to it; and there is good ground for believing that the Council will not again throw out the Bill, if it provides that the system shall not come into force until the next Parliament; but il otherwise, there will probably be a quarrel between the two Houses; and in the event of a " tack" being resorted to, a deadlock will not improbably result. The present and pressing difficulty of the Ministry, however, is the impossibility of giving a valid reason why Parliament should not be summoned at once. The only possible plea is the absence of the Premier, and if that be urged, the obvious retort is that before he went away he assured the country that there was no reason why he should not go, since the Ministerial policy had been decided on. On the other hand, there are hosts of reasons why Parliament should be summoned at once. The session, when commenced, will be broken into and encroached on by the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition; the increasing discrepancy between the national income and expenditure demands immediate attention; the new loan is being floated, and no provision has been made for placing the money when obtained; Chaffey Bros, are apparently waiting for the ratification of the Bookmark agreement by Parliament before commencing active operations; the Estimates will demand and receive a much greater share of attention and consideration from Parliament than they are wont to receive; and unless the work of the session is commenced early, there will be (even without a tariff discussion to take up the time of the House) a considerable number of " innocents" slaughtered at the end of November. The Local Government Bill cannot decently be postponed this year; the Education question will probably be brought forward again ; the Licensing Bill abandoned last session demands attention ; and the Railway Management and Civil Service Bills the House will insist upon dealing with. Then there will be the resolutions of the Imperial Conference to discuss, the land sale question to settle, and perhaps a wantof- confidence debate ; altogether there is every prospect of such a press of business, that only an early session and close attention to work will enable Parliament to get through with it. The course which the acting Premier will decide upon under such circum stances, will depend largely upon the amount of pressure brought to bear upon him ; but there can hardly be two'opinions as to that which will best serve the interests of the country— though not perhaps those of either the actual or the acting Premier. A MUNICIPAL PROSECDTION.—Artemus Ward, the American humorist, was not acquainted with Port Augusta; he never had the happiness of beholding this town or of perusing its by-laws, but he might very appropriately have described as a Port Augustan the dying man whose last words were, " We are governed too much." The municipality is not only provided with a Town Hall built for posterity, but it enjoys the supreme felicity of living under Corporation bylaws drafted with a prescient eye to the exigencies of the next century and a population of 50,000. These by-laws however, though they provide for an infinity of things which may possibly be of some interest and importance in about a hundred years' time, are just a trifle too complex and elaborate for enforcement in these days. The regulations with regard to hansom cabs and omnibuses, for example, are perfect models in their way, but they read rather ludicrously at present. Not that it matters much as a general thing, for though the by-laws have the force of an Act of Parliament within Port Augusta, nobody in the town, from the Town Clerk upwards and downwards, could pass a decent examination on them ; and to the generality of the ratepayers they are little better known than the Georgics of Virgil. However, by an occasional perusal of this Sibylline book one may perchance discover that somebody or other is committing a breach of a by-law; and if this be discovered by a Corporation official, the terrors of the law are threatened, if not immediately invoked- An example of this was afforded at the Police Court on Wednesday last, when Mr A. Coventry, of Commercialroad, was fined £2 for a breach of by- -law 52, which runs as follows:— No tent, pavilion, shed, or other structure of calico, canvas, or other inflammable material, shall be erected or re-erected or allowed to remain by any person or persons within the limits of the town without obtaining the consent thereto of the town council or mayor of the said town for such time and on such terms as the council may decide ; and any person offending against this by-law shall, upon conviction of such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not less than two pounds and not exceeding ten pounds. It appears that the unfortunate offender, having limited accommodation in his premises and being troubled, like many other residentB, with mosquitoes, put up a tent in bis back yard in order to enjoy a little slumber in coolness and comfort. The Corpoiation Inspector came along, discovered the heinous crime, and admonished the innocent criminal, who promised to take down the obnoxious erection. Next day the zealouB officer of the Corporation went to see if bis orders had been obeyed, and found that the tent had not been struck. He repeated his admonition and tbe tent was taken down after he had left. But rait) capie on and the tent got wet; the owner did not like to put it sway in a saturated condition, to rot, and consequently put it up, not in babft&bje; fashion, but simply to dry. The Corporation Inspector came round again and caught sight of the obuoxicus tent; he did not stop to inquire or expostulate ; he did not report the matter to tho Council and ask for instructions ; but he posted off to the Corporation Bolicitor and instructed him to take out a summons. The case came on, the defendant pleaded guilty, and explained the case, and the S-M. had no option but to inflict a penalty, the minimum being £2, though he expressed his opinion of the prosecution candidly. Forty hillings fine for innocently using the best available meanB for securing an unbroken night's rest! Why, if the man had been drank and disorderly, bad resisted the police, or indulged in obscene language in the public streets, he would not have been punished more severely; and to aggravate the case, it should be remembered that the by-law under whioh the conviction was obtained does not go so far as to absolutely prohibit the erection of tents in the town, but merely to make the consent of the Mayor or Town Council to their erection accessary. Had the defendant in this case known how matters stood, be would have applied for the required permission,and without doubt have obtained it; but he did not know, and consequently he was fined heavily for not knowing what probably half of the Town Councillors did not know. Another peculiar feature in this case was that even after the fine had been imposed, the case was not reported to the Town Council, and might have escaped notice had not the Mayor called attention to it and asked for an explanation. That this explanation waB taken as satisfactory, waB clearly due to the Councillors failing to understand the case ; and if they wish to set themselves right with the public, the best thing thing they can do is to remit the fine and instruct their over zealons officer to institute no more proceedings unless their sanction has been obtained. ERRATUM.—In our last issue tbe case of Bottomley v. Kittle, in the Local Court, was reported in error as settled out of court. The case was adjourned by con sent to next court day, the plaintiff to pay costs ef the day. WEATHEB.—North West advice report good soaking showers on Mona Lena and Yudnapinnie last week ; and a good lambing iB expected throughout the district, as well as in the West and North. The Yudnapinnie gauge registered .<33 on Sunday. On Wednesday tbe Northern weather wires were ae follows :—Peake .02, Strangways .165, Farina .15, Beltana .13, Blinman .09in. This morning tbe record was, Staangways, '335 ; Beltana, 05; Bliaman, '01. Our Wilson corre spondent also reports genial showers. GRAZING AND CULTIVATION BLOCKS.— On Monday morning Messrs Burgoyne and Playford(the members for Newcastle), waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and presented a memorial on behalf of the selectors in the Hundreds of Bendleby and McCulloch. The memorial represented that two blocks of land, situated in the hundreds mentioned, were gazetted and would be offered on leases as grazing and cultivation lands, and they wished tbe notices cancelled, and the land re- proclaimed under selector's leases, so tbat the residents could have an opportunity to tender for them. Six selectors in tbe districts above named signed the memorial. The Commissioner promised to consider the matter. THE SILVER GATE S.M. CO. — The mining manager reports for the week ended April 22, as follows :—The lode has been tapped in the N.W. drive in Hogan's shaft, and tbe drive has since been advanced 2 feet in the lode, which con tains a mixture of quartz, baryta, spar, and carbonate oL iron, with patches of galena thickly distributed through. The lode is running N.E. and S.W., underlying S.E and shows a well defined hanging wall It is intended to continue the drive through the lode until the footwall is reached, and then to crosscut the lode N.E. and S.W I have not done any work in Israel's or Young's Bhafts since my last report Report on April 29.—In Hogan's shaft the drive has been extended 3 feet, making total of 5 feet in the lode from hanging wall, without any indication of the footwall yet. There is no change in tbe lode since my last report. It still continues to look very promising. ROWING.—This morning the draw for tbe Port Augusta Rowing Club's Scratch Fours took place, with the following results :—First heat—Henrietta—Dodson (stroke), Turner, Mudie, and Mann; Fernleaf—Alexandre (stroke), Muir, Han corne, and Cavenagh ; Retort—C. Besley (stroke), Nicholls, Harrison, and . Rowley. Second heat—Henrietta—Campbell(8troke), Messenger, Morgan, and Topbam ; Retort —Lange (stroke), M'Kellar, Drysdalo, and Shaw; Fernleaf—Robb (stroke), Plummer, A. Besley, and Simpson. The third and deciding heat will be rowed off by the respective winners of Ihe first and second beats. The starting point will be at the Hospital beacon, and the course a straight mile and a half to the Northern end of the wharf. The usual handicap for boats will bo allowed, but instead of giving it at the start, it will be allowed on the finish, a winning post for each boat being fixed, with a timekeeper at each. THE OSTRICH FARM.—Mr Williams, the Manager of the Port Augusta Ostrich Farm, reported as follows on April 28 :— " I am glad to report nice rain having fallen during tbe month, 1935 inches having fallen to date. Feed is growing fast, and I hope very soon to be able to cease feeding any of the birds. I am now extending the cultivation ground and sowing lucerne. I think about 4 acres will be as much as the water available will irrigate. The quantity of water available,without exceeding the guarantee, is 2,000,000 gallons. Deducting from this 160,000 gallons for stock will leave 1.840,000 for irrigation, sufficient to give 20 inches per acre to the crop of four acres, in addition to the rain-fall. I find lucerne superior to any other fodder plant for cultivation here, having tried rape, thousand-head cabbage, prickly comfrey, and sorghum. All plants of the cabbage tribe are destroyed by blight in summer, and sorghum, cut in its young succulent state, I do not think is aB nutritious as lucerne. There are 31 eggs in the paddock, one nest being due to hatch out next week. All the breeding birds are either laying or making nests, and the rain we have just had will set the birds in tbe big paddock laying, so that I hope soon to have the incubators full." THE RIFLES. — Tbe Rifle Company's Committee met on Tuesday evening, when the handicaps for Saturday's match were approved, and the prize list was left to tbe Club Secretary. The proposed change of uniform was discussed at length, but decision was deferred. It was decided to call a moonlight parade for Monday next, May 9, and to make overtures to the P.A. Football Club for a football match between the Corps and tbe Club, with a rifle match to follow, rifleB and ammunition being provided by tlie former. The Rifle Club Secretary was requested to ascertain from the Institute Committee the terms on which tbe Hall could be obtained for evening parades of two hours duration, twice a month. The question of erecting a drill shed and storeroom, when a licence should have been obtained for the occupation of the section of Park Lands applied for under the provisions of the Defence Forces Act, was discussed at length, and the meeting adjourned to inspect the ground. The monthly rifle match will be fired to-mcrrow, ranges 500 and 600 yards, sightej- and seven shots at each distance ; firing to commence at 2 p.m. Members who have completed the first period of class-firing may take two shotB extra at each distance and complete their second period, obtaining their ammunition from Captain Dryed ale, HOSPITAL RETORT.—During the week ended Thursday May 5, five patients were admitted to, and three were discharged from the Port Augusta Hospital, which now contains 45 inmates. WHARF ACCIDENT.—This afternoon a man named Brown, employed on tbe wharf, sustained an injury to his hand in working one of the cranes employed to move stones. The accident occurred through- Brown's omission to note the action of the crane, but the injury sustained was not severe, the hand being scraped rather than crushed. The sufferer left to visit Dr AstleB at once. TOWN HALL OPENING.—At the Corporation meeting last night it was decided that the Town Hall should be formally opened on Thursday next, May 12, and that the event should be celebrated by a Flower Show, the exhibits to be obtained from the Cemetery and from private garden owners, and tho proceedings to closc with an auction of plants and flowers. Mrs J. C. Reynolds has been requested to organise a ladies' committee for the floral decoration of the hall. MINERALOGICAL.—There is now on view in the Institute library a case of silver lead and tin ore specimens from the Barrier Range fields, which were obtained there by Mr Slubbs, of the Bank of Aus tralasia, and by him lent to the Institute. The specimens include galena and kaolin ores from Broken Hill, an assortment of fine chlorides from the Maybell and Broken Hill, and some ore showing native silver from the Umberumberka mine. One of the curiosities of the collection is a slag-like bit of the first Bilver-lead bullion turned out of tho Broken Hill Bmelter, and accompanying it are some buttons of retorted silver. The tin specimens come from the Poolamacca mine, 45 miles north of Silverton, to work which the Cosmopolitan Tin Mining Company has lately been floated. Tbe specimens are part of an extensive assay sample which Mr Wallace, the assayer of the " Day Dream," certifies to average 15 per cent of black oxide of tin. A block of pure tin which accompanies the ore specimens is one of ten extracted from part of a bag of ore loft for treatment at tho Day Dream mine. The Manager of the Umberumberka mine, Mr C. H. Wilson, has inspected the Cosmopolitan ani reports highly of it. The specimens in the Institute are well worth inspecting; and as they are labelled, people unacquainted with the appearance of silver and tin ores may gain by a careful examination information which may perhaps prove of practical value to them. THE YANYARRIEGHOST.—A Carrieton correspondent writes under date May 4 : -Last night M.C. Shegog visited the haunted house in occupation of Mr C. Hamdorf, near Yanyarrie; shortly after hiB arrival there M.C. Thomas with Mr Baker, of Hammond, happened to drop in also, for the purpose of investigating the mystery. After some sensational ancedoteB about hiB ghostship, the light was put out, and within a few minutes a rapping waB heard on the slate floor. The visitors were in formed by Mr Humdorf and friends tbat if a light was struck, or they went too close to a certain little girl, the noise would cease. M.£J. Shegog went to the spot where the rapping was beard, stooped down, and putting his hand out felt a foot tapping on tho floor. The noise immediately ceased, and recommenced on a little box upon which the girl before mentioned was sitting. M.C. Shegog then went to the box and took hold of the little girl's hands, and the knocking stopped again. Mr Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a light was struck. After a little conversation tbe room was again darkened ; M.C. Shegog then crouched down in a dark corner of the room opposite the window, before which was a white blind, and it being a bright moonlight night, be could easily distinguish any object between him and it. He saw a boy who lives with the Hamdorfs move his hands about, as if pulling a string, and as he expected the rapping at once commenced and kept time with the motions of the boy's hand. M.C. Thomas then asked some questions, but received no answer, though the rapping continued steadily. M.C. Sbegog got up to go towards the boy, when tbe rapping ceased, and the boy moved nearer the chimney. The visitors then went outside and after a short consultation the rapping recommenced, and M.C. Sbegog on going inside was requested not to go near the box upon which the little girl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the botton of the box and be might disturb it ; but he crept quietly up, and put his hand between the box and tbe girl's heel, the result being several kicks on the hand ; the knocking then commenced on the top of the box, and on puting his hand where the sound was, he received three raps from tbe girl's knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until M.C. Shegog was heard to speak in tbe middle of the room. Mr Hamdorf asked if the spirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks. The visitors then left, pretending to think it was a great mystery, but satisfied that it was a great fraud. THE ADELAIDE DIRECTORS OF THE NATIONAL BANK.—The Adelaide shareholders of this bank met on Wednesday to elect two directors in the room of the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., and Mr W. Everaid, who ratired by effluxion of time, but offered themselves for re-election Mr Scott said that both Mr Everard and himself had received about the middle of April an intimation from the Melbourne directors of the bank tbat their election woull be vetoed, a power which they possessed under the conditions agreed upon when the Adelaide branch was established. In answer to a request for an explanation of such a startling step, the directors were informed that the Melbourne board had lost confidence in them. Although every effort was made, beyond that no further reason could be elicited, Mr Scott even offering to go to Melbourne in order to make any explanation or give any information desired. Mr F. G. Smith, the general manager of the bank in Melbourne, was present at the meeting, and Mr Scott, totally ignorant of the reasons for the treatment meted out to liim, said the only reason he was aware of for the objection to Mr Everard, was that given by Mr Smith that morning, namely, that while a director of the City Land and Investment Company he had allowed the National Bank to accept that company's account. He then proceeded to show that the company's account amounted to £33,770, whilst the security was valued at £80,516. Mr Everard bad a private overdraft of £4,000, but had deposited the bank's own scrip to the value of £9,000. As for himself, he did not owe tbe bank, or any other bank, a farthing. Both gentlemen characterised the action of the Melbourne board as being disgraceful, ungcntlemanly, and an insult to the South Australian shareholders. Mr Scott stated that he could not continue to act on the local directorate unless an apology were received from the Melbonrne board ; but Mr Everard declared bis intention of taking the position, stating that from advice he had received he thought the Melhourpe board could not legally exercise their veto, because it was a power not provided within the Act, which no by-law could over-ride. At the conclusion of the meeting the ballot was taken, with the result that Mr Scott received 161 votes and Mr Everard 154 votes, EXECUTION BY ELECTRICITY.—The last, Legislature of New York appointed a coinmitee to examine into the most expedient method of inflicting tbe death penalty in cases of murder in the firBt degree, and to report on the subject to the present Legislature, whether by Bill or otherwise. The committee, having examined tbe question, have, as wo understand (says the Independent), agreed to recommend the abandonment of hanging as the mode of punishing murderers, and the substitution of an electric battery so heavily charged as to produce instant death. The theory of such a recommendation is tbat death by electricity is more humane, because entirely painless, and more absolutely certain to produce the result on the instant, and at the same time less barbarous and offensive in tbe outward aspects of tbe process. PLAIN SPEAKING TO A QUEEN.—Queen Elizabeth of Roumania devoted such a large amount of time to singing that her attendants lately assured her that her voice entitled her to rank with the most celebrated of singers. Tho flattery bore fruit, for the Queen began to ask herself i£ these rare vocal gifts ought not to be dedicated to her people. She determined first to have the unbiassed opinion of a musical critic, and so went incognita to the French professor, Dumanois, and sang before him in Bucharest. The pro fessor caused tbe Queen to run over tbe scales, and then to sing a song and an opera aria. Then, turning to her, he said seriously : " You have no voice at all, though plenty of musical feeling and excellent phrasing. I would train you for the operetta, but that, to be sincere, you have not the right face." The Queen handed the professor several gold pieces and her card, buying before Bhe left a dozen opera airs for private Btudy. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT AND WHAT IT COST.—The trial took place in Dublin the other month of an action by Miss Bridget Shelley to recover £1,000 damages from Mr Charles Brady, a farmer in county Cavan, for breach of promise to marry, The plaintiff, who is twenty years of age, deposed that when returning from a fair, and crossing & lake in a boat, the defendant spoke words of admiration to her. He told her he had seen her milking her father's cows, and greatly admired her well-shaped arms and her graceful outline of figure. He added that be bad no contentment of mind without her. Plaintiff's father deposed that he and defendant quarrelled as to the amount of plaintiff's fortune. He made a bid of £50, but defendant wanted £100, and Baid he could get twice that amount with another girl elsewhere. Plaintiff's mother then interfered, and said, to stop the dispute, she would add £10 to the fortune of £50, which defendant then agreed to accept, but afterwards broke off the match. The jury awarded the plaintiff £200 damages. MADAME PATTI'S ABLtfxtONS.—In recent issue we quoted from an American paper a statement to the effect that Adelina Patti, the great prima donna, never washes her face, because she believes that the application of water produced wrinkles. The paragraph has gone the round of the English papers, and has elicited from Messrs Pears, whose soap is about tbe best advertised article in tbe world, a direct contradiction, as they supply Madame Patti with soap. The following letter has been sent by the firm to the editor of the Pall Mall Gazette :— " We observe in your issue of the 1st inst. your query, 1 Is Mdme. Patti's face never washed ?' This question we can answer emphatically, authoritatively, and affirmatively. Mdme. Patti is especially particular in respect of her choice of toilet soap, and we have for years supplied her. In order that you may publicly deny the truth of the statement in the American paragraph that Mdme. Patti's face is unacquainted with soap, we enclose herewith, for your perusal, an autograph letter from Mdme. Patti respecting the advantages resulting to her complexion from the nse of a soap which we need not particularize." FOOTBALL PLATERS IN THE LAW COURTS. —Jndges have plenty to do without having to Bettle disputes among football players (says tho JPall Mall Gazette), and the Divisional Court has done well in refusing the injunction asked for by the Bradford Football Club. That club has fallen out with its county committee for having changed tile venue of a match with a rival club, from Bradford to Leeds. They declined to assent to the change, and on the day set, their opponents kicked a solemn goal between undefended goalposts, and were formally declared victors of an unplayed match. Mr Waddy, Q.C., now asksd for an injunction restraining the playing of this match in an en post facto sort of way, but de minimus non curat lex. Mr Justice Day and Mr Justice Wills would have none of this matter. They said that " in the interests of manly sport" the dispute should be left to the county committee, and the application was therefore refused. Football is a fine game, and one unfortunately that, is often contested in more ways than one ; but the line must be drawn when an ambitious club seeks to convert Judges of the High Court into a species of supreme referee of disputes, else there is no telling where the game may not be contested. A keen contest might be fought all the way up to the House of Lords, which would be a bad precedent, ruining sport and adding tbe last straw to tbe already grievous load borne by waiting litigants. THE BRITISH SOLDIER.—Recently Mr John Bright, whose anti-military views are well known, said he had been informed on good authority that British soldiers in the Egyptian and Soudan campaigns had been guilty of murdering helpless and wounded natives and of ruthlessly refusing quarter to enemies who surrendered. These accusations have been indignantly denied by a number of distinguished officers who took part in the campaigns ; and last month General Lord Wolseley, in presiding at a lecture delivered by Colonel Duncan in an English Institute, referred to the charges, and said that he, who had passed his life in camps, surrounded by soldiers, and who had been there under all sorts of difficult circumatanceB and in the most trying dangers, could always look back witb satisfaction to the most trying moments of his life, because they brought back to his mind the recollection of the manner in which be bad always backed up and supported by men, whom, he regretted to say, people calling themselves Englishmen had recently presumed and dared to vilify in a most abominable manner. He had no hesitation in saying that tbe stories which had recently been referred to in news paper articles with regard to the British soldier were infamous and untrue. If there was one characteristic more prominent than another that marked out the British soldier from the soldier of every other nation with which he had ever come in contact, it was his great hnmanity (cheers), and his great desire, when once the action was over, not to kill or hart tbe poor wounded wretches who fell into his power, but to alleviate their pain and help them on towards recovery. He bad over and over again seen men killed or badly wounded by suspiciouB natives of barbarous countries, because in their anxiety to alleviate the sufferings of those they believed to be wonnded,they had gone to assist or to give them water. (Hear, hear). He remembered that on crossing tbe trench at Tel-el-Kebir he heard a shot CIOBB behind him, and on turning saw that an officer was shot by an Arab to whom he bad gone to give a glass of water, 