K I T T Y. BY CAHRA'W.VH. A summe'rnigbti the small hours chiming, the moon sleeping upon broad leaves of magnolia, .or dancing upon the ripples of a laughing little stream that,' singing as it goes, glides along between narrow banks covered with fern and overhung with sweetscented gardenia,, ip a fair .garden not many miles out of Sydney. Beyond lies the Bay, gleaming like silver; and, forming a back-ground, as it were, to this peaceful scene, is a large oldfashioned house, with wide wings, each famished with a low-window in front. On the low seat in one of these, which belongs to a pretty, •well-appointed bedroom, and is now wide bpen, two girls are sitting, enjoying the calm beauty-of the night and the sweet perfume of the flowers that is borne in from the garden upon the breeze; while they talk over the ball, from which, judging by the dresses lying on'the sofa, and the flowers yet in their hair, they have not long returned. One is Bparkling little brunette, 1 'but 'she lobks pensive as she listens to the laughing description by her sister of the fan itivastopretend a flirtation with' a certain naval officer, to vex the man to "whoni she is engaged ! She is a slender graceful creature, with dark silky hair, and great glorious'eyes,' that look black, or blue, or green, according to the light or her mood, and are declared by one of her numerous admirers to be les yeux assassins; She has ' been pledged, 6ince little more than % chtld, to a good man and true, and loves him well, but is full of mischief, and loves to plagud him too : and certainly the temptation is very great; for she is one of those girls all men love, and Gregory Farnham takes everything so seriobsly, it is a'moral'impossibility to him to understand a joke. !It is -very hard to' blame Millie Barden for anything -she does (oni would as soon think of blaming a butterfly), and no one can long be angry with her when &ho; coaxes, and says in her sweet, winsome way, " You won't be cross with me, dear, for I am sorry ! " and then she will go and do the same- thing again, and be forgiven again, ji&st; as if it were the first time of offending. "Oh, Kitty," she says, "you should have Been old Greg to-night, 'when 1 was waltzing for the fourth time with Albert Dunmare. He could have eaten us both, •without a grain of salt! But, sister mine, who was that handsome fair man in military uniform, with whom you danced so often, and who, when you were not dancing with him, watched you so intently?" Hesitatingly Kitty replied, "That was Cjlonel Sandford, who has just comedown from India on leave. Ho was introduced to me quite early in the evening by the AD.C. He is gentlemanly, and dances beautifully, and, Millie—I—like him a little." And then the bright brown eyes grow soft, and hide themselves for a moment, while Millie cries, " At last, Kitty darling, at last! has the man been found at the mention: of whose name my invincible sister shades her eyes. Dear old girl ! I hope ho may return and be worthy of your liking, and make you as happy as my dear old crabstick makes mo —that is to say when he is not vexed with me for flirting with somebody else." Talking softly thus in sweetest confidence, the sisters take the flowers from their hair, and putting them carefully iu water, let down and brush their rich, glossy tresses, and then prepare for rest in the two little white beds that stand side by side, each one first kneeling at the open window to offer up her simple petition, Kitty whispering a name unheard before in her maiden prayers—the name of him who has so suddenly come into her life and touched with the old, ever-new fire, the hitherto slumbering passion of love : for though she knows it not, sweet Kitty has met her fate, and, for good or evil, has let a stranger creep into her heart. The sisters are soon laid to Test, and Millie quietly falls asleep to dream of Gregory, tailing him up in all sorts of fantastic combinations with the partners of the dance; but Kitty lies : Wake, filled with strange new thoughts, till the fosy dawn of a bright, warm day sceaJs in at her eastern window (through the wardian caso of ferns, that looks like § miiifrature jungle), and arouses the canary in li is gilded cage, sets him chirping'and triltling ia ; a soft undertone; as if he foared to disturb his mistress. Then she loses consciousness for a while, to awake after what seems many hours, and find Millie dressed. Then she, too, rises quickly; bathes and dresses, and begins her day with a new thought in her heart, a new hope in her life, of which she speaks to no one but lier sister. That afternoon Gregory Farnham comes out to "The Cliffs," as Kitty's bouse is called, but not alone—for Colonel Sandford has asked to be introduced to Mrs. Barden, and has accompanied him. Having paid his devoirs to the lady of the house, the Colonel takes his seat beside Kitty, and talks of the ball at Governmenthouse the previous evening, of other balls to come, and such everyday topics, but all the while with a tone and maimer that to the poor girl, who listens with a fluttering heart, seem fraught with deepest meaning. She answers him gaily, for she comes of a race who do not show all they feel; and by-and-bye Millie and Gregory suggest a walk in the garden. This being agreed to, thi whole party go out together among tho gay parterres, under the spreading trees, by the margin of the little stream, and finally gravitate to the lawn, where in those days croquet, instead of tennis, was played. The hoops are soon fixed in the green turf, and ere long a spirited game is in progress, Millie finding a special pleasure in sending Gregory's ball flying in all direction?. In one of the intervals of the game, Colonel Sandford asked Kitty if tehe would be at Lady Munro's ball on the following night, and on replying in the affirmative he said, "You will give me the first four waltzes ?" Shyly the girl answers that she will, for his eye is upon her, and even had she tho wish, she has not the power to decline. The game is played out, the evening shadows begin to fall, and the guests say adieu, and go, and Mrs. Barden says to her daughter— " Kitty, dear, that man loves you, I am sure." But the girl says never a word ; her treasure is so new and so sacred she cannot speak of it, and wonders to- day how she admitted so much as she had done to her sister, as they had sat together in the moonlight, at their bedroom window after the ball. She who, though much sought after, had never given a second thought to any man, was now completely absorbed by this stranger, a man 20 years her penior— for Kitty was but 19—and sh<; wonders to herself, " Does he love me ? He seeks me out amid a hundred fairer, richer girls, and seems to assume a kind of right to me, though it was but our first meeting last night. Can a man so quickly care for a woman ? I know my heart went right out to him ere yet he spoke, when I saw him coming towards me with Captain Pit,ford to be introduced. Oh, how foclish I am, and weak, to be so easily won—won without a word!" The mother and sister6 went the next night to Lady Munro's ball, and waiting for them in the entrance-hall was Colonel Sandford, who entered the reception-room with th6m, and immediately after the presentations claimed the dances Kitty had promised him, asking also for the opening quadrille. Bending over her as he took up her little programme to inscribe hits name against the dances he had chosen, and looking into the sweet downcast face, where the tender color came and went, teling a tale he knew only too well how to read, he whimpered, " Kitty " (and at this first use of her pet name the young girl's heart leapt in her bosom), " I am so very glad you are here to-night. Without you the hall would have lacked all charm to me, but in your presence I possess all that can make it perfect. Do you believe me, little one 1" Kitty buried her blushing face in the flowers that he had sent her, and, unable to answer his question, was glad that the music striking up enabled her to evade it. The hours sped by on golden wings for our heroine; she danced as if on air, and at every waltz the devotion of her admirer seemed but to deepen and her joy to increase. When the hour came for parting he escorted her to her carriage, and in saying " Good-night," asked leave of Mrs. Barden to call at " The Cliffs " with some new songs he wished her daughter to try. Airs. Barden gave the required permission, and while Millie and she chatted away during the drive home, of one incident or another of the party, Kitty sat silent in her corner of the carriage, busy with the happy yet tremulous thoughts that fill a young girl's mind when first she loves and thinks her affection is returned. She feels the pressure of his hand at parting, the perfume of the gardenia in bis coat has not faded from her senses, and his tender-toned words ring in her ear, " Good-night. Good-bye, my love, but only for a lew short hours. I will be with you soon after three o'clock." And as yet, no doubt, no fear of falsehood had come to mar her " love's younc dream." Oh, men ! you who play at love, and carelessly, to wile away an idle hour, and flatter yourselves in the sparkling eye and blushing cheek, wake up a woman's deepest feelings, you have much to answer for, and there is no punishment too great for your cruelty! The afternoon brings the Colonel again to " The Cliffs." He is evidently fond of music, for he listens so intently while Kitty sings the songs he has brought, and many another too for bim, in her rich, sweet young voice, which he likens to a golden bugle in its tone. The mother, who since his introduction by Gregory has made enquiries as to who and what Colonel Sandford is, and has received a satisfactory report, asks him to spend the evening at the house, which he delightedly agrees to do : and thus began a series of informal visits and quiet evenings spent by him, as it were, in the bosom of the family, and which drew closer day day by day the chains that bound sweet Kitty's heart to him. Mr- Barden is a merchant, with extensive business, so has not much time for social duties, which he deputes chiefly to his wife, a stately English lady, with such strict notions of etiquette as well fit her for the trust reposed in her by her husband, one of the best of men in every relation of life, and one looked up to by his family as being incapable of error, let alone wrong-doing. Indeed it would be hard to find any family more thoroughly united and affectionate, or one in which member more thoroughly believed in the other. For some months the Colonel continues his visits to " The Cliffs," and his attentions to Kitty, but yet never says the word that will convince her of his love. He dances with her more than with any other girl at the balls where they so frequently meet and assumes a sort of proprietorship in her, and must know she cares for him—for though she hides her feelings all she can, and lets no word betray her, she cannot always conceal the brightening eye, the quick-changing colour in her young, soft cheek, at his approach. Her old godfather, Major Curtis, who loves her like his own child, grows angry at this trifling, and spoke to the Colonel about it, to which the latter only replied, Time enough, time enough. I have not committed myself. Surely a man may admire and dance with a girl without being called to account for it!" Surely he may," says the Major, "but where, as you have done, he for months seeks her out, and by his marked attentions makes her conspicuous, those who love her as I do Miss Barden, may be pardoned for asking the question I have put to you." But still he neither withdraws bis attentions nor claims the love that has been his so long. At last the end comes, and woe to poor Kitty, whose love has been in vain ! One night she and the Colonel were standing together, watching the arrival of the later guests at a largo ball, when suddenly our heroine's eyes fell upon a pretty fair girl, a stranger, who was entering the room with hor chaperone. A shiver went through her frame, and a sense of evil to come took possession of her as her companion hurriedly asked, " Who's that—that lovely fair girl just comc in ?" Still she replies in steady tones, " I think it must be Miss Cameron, from Brisbane. I kaow Mrs. Hamilton, with whom you see she is, was expecting her by to-day's steamer, and hoped she would be able to appear here to-night." I must obtain an introduction," he said. " Will you excuse me a moment ? " and taking Kitty to her mother, he went straight away and was presented to the new arrival. He came for the dances Kitty had promised him, but was the same man no longer—silent and preoccupied where he used to be gay, indifferent where he had been solicitous. Poor Kitty felt the evening bad lost all its charm, and coaxed Millie (who with eyes made keen by .her own love, saw how things were) to say she was ready to go home quite early. Very silent and sad was Kitty during that drive home, for she knew by the unfailing instinct of love that her dream was at an end, and that she iad only been for a season the bright-eyed, soft-cheeked, sweet-voiced plaything of a bad, cruel man; and bitter tears of shame that she had let her love be known, and of grief that all was over, bedewed her pillow that night long after Millie had fallen into the sweet sleep of happy, well-loved youth. Next day Mrs. Barden and her girls were present at a cricket-match, and met Colonel Sandford, who was so taken up with his new fancy that he scarcely noticed them, until, when the play was over and everyone Jeaving the ground, he came up to the mother to ask to be excused from an engagement he had made to spiend the follbwing Sunday at " The Cliffs." She bowed 7 her acquiescence, and then knew that her child was forsaken. It was not many days now before the engagement of Mary Cameron to Colonel Sandford was announced ; and he went off to Brisbane to see her parents and make arrangements for an early wedding, UB his leave was almost over. The bride-elect cut short her visit to Mrs. Hamilton, and went home by the same steamer as her fiance. That night a small dance was given by Mrs. Hamilton (intended originally for her guest who had gone away), and of course the Bardens were invited. All Kitty's friends were agog to see how she was beariog her disappointment, and she, expecting this, had come armed at all points, and never had she looked so brilliant. Her old godfather watched her anxiously, and even his loving eyes were misled by her unclouded gaiety. " Kitty seems quite unscathed," he said to Mrs. Barden; "she looks splendid to-night, and in the wildest spirits, while she is evidently more in request than ever." The mother agreed with him, and was glad her child bore herself so bravely, though she knew how deep the wound had been, how crushing the blow. She had seen the little bowed figure on the floor beside her bed, and the tear-stained, painstricken face that looked up as she had gone into the room, and had felt the convulsed sobs as the poor child threw herself into her mother's loving arms, while the young voice wailed in its bitter agony, "Oh! mother, why was he so cruel?" and she hated with all a woman's, and a mother's, hatred the man who had done so foul a wrong. Still* &jtty; held high her flower-crowned head,'"scattering smiles and bright glances on all around, and ere that night's entertainment drew to a-close, had three times refused to listen to those who pleaded for the love she had so lavishly given to one unworthy of it. No matter how earnest their entreaties, it was all in vain. Love and Kitty had said a long farewell. By-and-bye, like a last stab to the still quivering heart, came Colonel and Mrs. Sandford's cards and piece of wedding cake, which were by Mrs. Barden carefully com rnitted to the flames. Kitty now turned down a page in the book of her life, from the study of which she arose a different being. The loving, trusting, hopeful creature she had been was gone, with love spurned, trust betrayed, and hopes shattered; and in its place had come a hard, brilliant woman, who deliberately set herself to win and break men's hearts, her own the while aching and almost breaking for the weary yearning that filled it. For years she pur sued her relentless march over trampled affections, gathering in her scalps like some red Indian on the warpath, sparing none, young or old, married or single; and no man who ever came within reach of her influence escaped, for she compelled everyone's love. Truly the sex suffered for one man's sin; ic was a sort of world condemned for another Adam. And she, poor soul, what were her feelings ? This is how she writes of herself in a letter to Millie, who, married to Gregory and happy in heme aud children, still feels for her, the lonely sister in the old home:— " You a9k, Millie darling, how I feel now, and whether the old love still live, the cruel wound etiil rankle ? Sister, mine, I love still, with all my heart- and all tny'lifej -the man who won and spurned my affection, and would deem life with him under any, even the most degrading circumstance?, perfect joy. If he bade me come, I could abandon home,friends, name, snd honor; aud did he love me still, would count my very shame as glory And yet there are times when I hate bim with the hate of hell, for he has stolen all the sunshine, all the youth, out of ray life. I win every heart that comes serosa my patti, and glory in my power ; though "now aiad then the look of utter misery 1 see on a man's face when I laugh his proffered love to scorn, haunts and Raddens me in. the long hours of night, when sleep will not come, Sometimes I think that death were preferable to this existence, but some feeling of its being cowardly to try, in that way, to 'escape my trouble, holds me back irom taking my own life. Wicked in itself I can never see that suicide is. • Weak,.inean, poor, idle if you will; but wicked—no, except in so much as it would cause sorrow to those who love one, aud si; be selfish. So do not be afraid for me, my sister dear. I shall live, and perhaps some day a good, kind man may be found who will take tbp wreck of my heart into his warm keeping, and set it afloat on the sea of his love, that it may sail into the harbor of Rest at last," Some years passed by, without making much change in the family at " The Cliffs," beyond the mairiage of a younger daughter and the setting out in life uf two sons. But then a time of sore trouble caine upon the happy home. The stately lady mother bowed her head to cruel tortures of body, and with a heart-broken by , the . neglect of'her once kind, good husband, died after many months of agony. jEre yet the grass was green upon her grave, the woman for whose sake her last days had been so embittered, reigned in her stead, wore her diamonds, sat in her chair, ate from her. plate, aud filled her children's places with strangers, while they were scattered, penniless, to the four quarters of the earth. Kitty went away to Millie at Essiugton-vale : ; the boys into lodgings ; and through the echoing halls of their old home, ghosts of the better past walked, haunting the new wife and driving the cruel husband and father mad. He took to writing poetry and wearing fanciful velvet clothes, which, as being so entirely different from anything in his former life, sho wed unmistakeably that his brain was failing. However, he did not long survive his second marriage, but after willing everything he possessed to his new wife, to the utter exclusion of his first family, died without a word to one of them. ^Kitty settled down most happily with Millie and hor children, aud it seemed as if Time, % i all-healer, were soothing her bitter sorrow, forrshe took pleasure and interest m all that weut on on the station, and was gay and sweet-tempered. Not far from Essington-vale lived Frauk Hunter, who was a frequent visitor to the iJarnham's. He was a man of 30 or 35 and a bachelor. Kitty cast a spell over him, though unwittingly, for she was growing moro merciful now. He soon loved her ve*y dearly, showing his love in every way, and seek opportunities to tell her of it, which she very cleverly avoided affording him for a long time, treating him with a kindly sort of indifference, as if she had not the least idea of his hopes. At last, however, love found out the way, and he told her vigorously, yet very tenderly, how since he had first seen her, many years before, as a young girl, in a box at the opera, he had loved her, and how through all the years of his stay in Europe and wanderings all over the world she had been the one woman in the universe to him, though until lately he had been too poor to think of seeking her as his wife. Then, pleadingly, he continued : "Can you not give mo a little hope, sweet Kitty? Must all my love be in vain ?" and kneeling beside her, his hands on the arm of the chair in which she sat, ho waited with trembling lips for her reply. It came—but ob, so sadly! for she really liked the man (more than she herself knew then), and his devotion touched her. " Frank," she said, " I have no love to give you or any one else. My heart was stolen many years ago, and I think too much of you to marry you without love." " Oh, come to me, my darling !" he en - treated, clasping her resistless hands in his, and kissing them in passion of hope and fear. " You will never repent it. My great love will be sufficient for us both. Oh I my love, my love, don't be cruel ! Love me just a little; I don't want much." No, no," she c ied, " it cannot be. Don't ask me any more; r it only gives you, and me too, unnecessary pain." Then, gently disengaging her hands, she roBe from her seat, leaving him crushed and heart- broken, and went to her own room to steady her nerves, that had been much shaken by the scene through which she had passed. Shortly afterwards she saw Frank ride by, at a headlong pace, towards the road that led to his own home, and soon Millie and her baby came into the room. " Lazy Kitty!" she cried; " lying down, I declare!" and sitting down on the bed she asked, " What made Frank Hunter go off in such a hurry ? I thought he was Bafe here for two or three days, as usual," and then she caught a look in her sister's face that told her what Jiad happened. " Kitty, dear," she said, " surely you have not sent him away like all the restrejected ! " " Yes, sister," replied the other. " He could not be contented to be my friend, and would put it to the touch, and I could only tell him that I have no love to give to any one. I believe my heart is all wrapped up in this bonnie boy of yours. He is my little sweetheart," and stretching out her arms to the laughing, crowing child, she wooed him from his mother, and relieved her feelings by having a good game with him, refusing to say any more about the ; unlucky lover. Just before sundown Gregory came galloping home, and instead of coming at once to the house when he dismounted, as usual, he went to the stable-yard; and Millie, who went out to meet him, found him with a face white and full of pain, hurrying on and assisting the man, who was harnessing and putting horses into the waggonette. Askiug the cause of so extraordinary a proceoding at that hour, she learned that Frank had been thrown from his horse a few miles from the homestead, and was, if not killed, yet very seriously hurt, and that her husband was going to bring him in ; a messenger having already been sent to the township fur a doctor, and relays of horses despatched to meet him. A mattress was laid in the vehicle, and restoratives taken, that no timo might be lost in trying to bring Frank back to life. Kitty, who had followed her sister to the stable yard, heard all this, and her heart, a tender one, in spite of its one piteous side, was wrung with the thought that perhaps she had sent this fine young life to its doom ; and the pity of it all brought her nearer to caring for him than she had been through all his long and patient wooing. When the round moon rose over the eastern hills, touching, as she climbed the sky, every outline with silver, the waggonette returned, and upon the mattress ia it lay Frank, like one dead, he being totally unconscious. Gently he was earned into the house and laid upon a bed, to await the arrival of the medical man, who, m spite of the fresh horses sent to speed him on his way, could not arrive before midnight. Millie and her husband did all thev could for the injared man, whose head seemed to be the seat of the mischief, and when the doctor came he told them aU had been well dune. Tbe three watched him by turns the rest of the night, an 1 when, towaids dawn, a slight change to >k place and he fell out of the stupor i it > a m >re natural sleep, Kitty took tue place of the others, who retired to rest, hidding her call the doctor if necessary. Loig and quiet was the oick miu's slumber, the silonce of the room broken only now and then by a muttered word or low inoau which escaped his lips, while Kitty, n«ar at hand-, but out of his sight should he awake, kept her vigil, administering at intervals the cordial prescribed by the doctor. (To be continued ) 