Turi Notes. [By ' Hipparion.'] T.wo very important programmes have made their appearance this week, those of the Toowoomba and Maryborough Turf Clubs. As giviDg away a trifle more money than Maryborough I take the great Downs meeting first. On the opening day, June 1st, the races set down for decision are : — Maiden Plate, 40 sovs., mile; Flying Handicap, 40 sovs., 1 mile ; Town Plate (handicap) 150 sovs., 1 J mile ; Selling Plate, 30 sovs., 1 mile ; Clifford Plate (handican) 50 sovs., 1} mile; Juvenile Stakes (handicap) for two and three-year-olds, 30 sovs., J mile. — Second Day, June 2od. ; Trial Stakes, 40 sovs., w.f.a., 1] mile ; Publicans' Purse (handi cap) 75 sovs., 1 1 mile; Johnny Gilpin Stakes, w.f.a., 30 sovs., 1 mile ; Turf Club Handicap, 175 sovs., 2 miles ; Ladies Mile, (welter handicap) 40 sovs.. 1 mile ; Forced Handicap, 20 sovs., 1 mile ; total added money, £720. Nominations for Flying, Town Plate, Clifford Plate. JuvenileStakes, Publicans' Purse. T.C. Handicap, and Ladies' Mile, on Tuesday, April 5 ; weights on Thurs day May 5. This date should, I think, have beeu deferred till after the Q, T.C. races. Acceptances May 19, when entries for Maiden Plate, Selling Race, Trial Stakes, and Johnny Gilpin Stakes, n-c due. The full Maryborough programme reads thus : — First Day, Juue 30tll : Publicans' Purse, 50 sovs., for horses that have uot won a prize over £50 in value ; Jockey Club Handicap, 150 sovs., I V mile ; Fly ing Haudicap, 50 sovs., 6 furlongs ; Hack Handicap. 15 sovs. about 1! mile; All Aged Stakes, -50 sovs., w.f.a., 7 furlongs ; Grand Staud Handicap, 80 sovs., 1 mile. — Second Day, July 1st : July Handicap, 75 sovs.. 7 furlongs ; Town Plate Handi cap, 100 sovs., 1! mile ; District Plate Welter Handicap, 30 sovs., 1 J mile ; Half Mile Handicap, 50 sovs. ; Hack Handicap, 15 sovs., 6 furlongs ; Forced Haudicap, 25 sovs., 1} mile ; total added money, £700. Nominations, Publicans' Purse, J. Club. Flyiug, Grand Stand, Town Plate, and Half Mile Handicaps, on Friday, May 20th ; weights ou June 8th ; acceptances Juue 15th. General entry for All Aged Stakes, Hack Handicaps (2) and District Plate on June 15. I think it a mistake to publish the weights before the Bockbamptou meet ing for obvious reasons, and tbe penal clauses are rather loosely worded : ' win ners of a handicap not exceeding £50 after declaration of weights to carry 5 Ib. extra, of a handicap not exceeding £100 7 lb. extra.' The winner of a £5 handi cap is the winner of a handicap ' not ex ceeding 100 sovs. ' in value, and accord ing to the articles, is bound to carry a 7 lb. penalty. The clause should have run thus Tbe winner of any haudicap, etc., not exceeding 50 sovs., 5 lb., cf any han dicap exceeding 50 sovs. aud not exceed ing 100 sovs. iu value, 7 Ib. penalty. Owners and others interested are re minded of tbe closing, on Tuesday next, March Sth, with Mr. Graham Haygarth of Tattersall's two big handicaps in tbe City and Suburban 200 sovs., and Metro politan 300 sovs. Exactly a fortnight later, Tuesday, March 22nd, entries close for tbe Moreton Handicap 300 sovs., and Brisbane Cup, 500 EOVS. The Townsville Bulletin} a Mackay cor respondent says that a Mr. Henry Bell recently interviewed Mr. T. S. Clibborn, secretary A.J.C., with regard to the pro position made by the Q.T.C. to disqualify Northern horses in N.S.Wales, tbat Mr. Clibborn expressed himself as much gra tified in meeting a northern sportsman, from whom be had learned more than he had been able to gather from all his correspondence. [What correspondence? —Ed. Col.] And the A.J.C. secretary assured him (Mr. Bell) that no steps would be taken as advised, b'G'mze it would be detrimental to the annual Halm of the Sydnry breed'?™, at which many gentlemen from North Queensland at tended, and it woulri not do to dUcourar/e their patronaye ! The best because tlie true interests of the Australian Turf then arc to be subordinated to the pockets of the breeders aud auctioneers of N.S.W.. and for fear of losing tbe pntronoye of these neople the committeeof the A.J.C., according to their secretary Mr. Clibborn, (as represented by the Mackay correspon dent) are willing to wink at fraudulent practices, pulling, jostling, in short, all sorts of offences against law and morality, provided such are committed on ' tbe other side of Jordan.' But I very much ijuesition if Mr. Clibborn is fairly reported by the Mackay man, and until we learn something from a trustworthy or official source, let us give the A. . I .C.'s secretary the benefit of the doubt, that since Mr. Russell's absurd 'taradiddle' uh to tlie excess of money given away by tbe N.Q.II.A. Clubs, over tbat run for by clubs racing under tbe Q.T.C. rules, waits upon all statements affecting the Northern Turf made by northern men. As a matter of fact, how ever, the interests of N.S. Wales breeders would hardly be adjected at all by the establishment of reciprocity in the matter of disqualification between N.S. Wales and Queensland. Northern horses, i)0 matter where they are bred, do not travel much, even iu their own country, and even before the present dispute between North aud South never visted meetings, so far south as eveu Bockbamptou, the number of northern horses visiting N.S. Wales can be counted on less tbau the lingers of one hand, and indeed, so far as the pockets of N.S. Wales breeders would be affected at all by the schism between north and south, it would be for good ; for accordiug to Mr. Russell aud tbe writers in tue leading northern papers, the recent purchases by northern owners of N.S. Welsh horses are actually due to the existence, aud the prospect of a coutinuauce of the quarrel. The pre sence of southern horses at northern meetings was, as a matter of fact, con sidered so undesirable, that it was seri ously proposed before the schism, to re strict northern races to ' local ' horses, on the ground that the southerners were 'too good,' aud 'took all the money away' with them. 'The annual visits of the southern cracks,' it was argued, ' discouraged local enterprise iu breed ing or buying. Northern men would not raise, or purchase, young horses simply to be beaten ou their own dunghill by southern cracks ; but if the latter were excluded from competition, a great impe tus would be giveu lo raising, for home bred horses would be traiued and young horses purchased from N.S. Wales, be cause of the reasonable hope|of 6Ucb train ing and buying being remunerative.'' And indeed, since the practical exclusion of southern horses from northern race courses, more local horses have been trained, more southern purchases made, than ever before, nud there is no doubt a great iucrease of Turf activity iu the north, i.e., in Charters Towers, Towns ville, alaekny, Cooktown, and Cairns. How long this state of things will last is auother matter. Kedron Park Races postponed from 5th to tbe 12th February, and again to March 1st, the Eight Hours Holiday, will take place ou Tuesday next, weather permit ting. Yabba should about win tbe double at Saudgate : Fauo or Norman might give bim some trouble. B.Y. aud Bonnie Bee are scratched for the Cup, aud Plate, at Glen Iunes. I met John Nolan in town the other day, looking well and hearty. John was a great racing man iu bis day, and wou most of the good things going at Mary borough, Gayudah, and Gympie, when he kept Abbs' preseut hostelry, Tatter sall's Hotel, with old Fishhook, Mistake, Black Prince, and others of lesser note. In the North, he owned The Buck, hav ing bought him from Mr. M. H. Moreton, aud the Rpeedy chestnut carried oft' all before him, both ou the flat and over tbe sticks for a season or so. The Buck is now in Brisbane, very low iu condition, and in other hands than John Nolan's. The Blackall Racing Ciub programme for June 2 aud 3, tots up to £520 sovs. The Kilkivan Jockey Club advertises a couple of races— the Kilkivan Handi cap 20 sovs., 11 mile, and tbe Railway Plate (handicap) 15 sovs., 1 mile, for St. Patrick's Day, 17th March. 'Full pro gramme to be issued shortly,' says Mr. George M. Towner, secretary. Nomina tions for the handicaps advertised ou Tuesday, March 1st ; weights ou 10th ; acceptances 16th. The club is registered under the Q.T.C. rules. The secretary has not forwarded me the Howard J.C. programme, aud cannot complain if the meeting fails to obtain detailed notice here. I have just received a copy of the Roek hampton programme, which runs as un der -.—First Day, June 16 : Maideu Plate, 50 sovs., 1J mile ; Five Furlongs Haudi cap, 50 sovs. ; Rockhampton Handicap, 200 sovs., 2 miles . First Hurdles, 75 sovs., (handicap) about 2 miles ; Selling Stakes, 40 sovs., winner to be sold for 1 sov., 3 mile; Six Furlong Handicap, 50 sovs — Second Day, June 17 : Sires Produce, 150 sovs. ; Selling Plate, 50 sovs., winner to be sold for 50, with usual allowance ; 1 mile ; Port Curtis Handicap, 100 sovs., 1 J mile ; Second Hurdles (handicap) 100 sovs , about 2 miles ; Corinthian Race (welter handicap) £40 and £10; Seven Furlong Handicap, 50 sovs. ; total added money, £965. Nominations for Rock hampton and Port Curtis Handicaps May 13 ; weights, May 27 ; acceptances aud general entry, June 10th. Locbiel won the great sprint race at Flemington under 8 st. 8 lb., like a ra^e horse in lm. 15Jsecs., equal to Malua's time, which was the best record. The St. Alban's horse Abner, 5 years, G st. 11 lb. ran second, beaten only a bead, aud the ch. Lando, 5 years. 7 st. 51b., third. Trident, of course, won the St. Leger in a canter in 3m. 28s ecs. Nelson wou theMelbourne Stakes easily from Volcano and Dunlop, distance 1J mile (the Courier calls it a mile and a bait, but then you know the Courier's playfull erratic little ways). Time 2m. 15jsec. Huntingtower turned round when the flag fell for the Ascot Vale Stakes, galloped back to the fence and took no part in the race, which was won after a good race between Hortense, 9st. ' 71b ; Sumatra, 9st. 71b., and Bedouin, 8sl. 101b ; by the first named by a length ; i mile. Time lm. 17secs. Mr. W. A. Long's disappointing Yellow Jacket, 3 years, who has run as many seconds as any horse in Australia I sup pose, managed to win the Brunswick Stakes under 7st. 51b. from a fair field H mile, in 2m 21$secs, and the Hopeful Stakes, for2yearolds, wentto Mr. O'Shan nassy's br. c. Boz, by Richmond's brother Bosworth, outofHypatia, by Proto Martyr (imp) out of Azimuth (imp), by Julius, 5 furlongs ; time, linin, 3Jsecs. Hortense's performance, under 9st. 71b. was a great one, and stamps her a really great mare. Small Capitalists wisnin-: k Kstahli-h -t Business shouM nat if tliere ;h An f-ooninp for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tfteir district. All information and receipts for the purpose i i making Lemonade, Soda Water, ire., is piven previous knowledge is n^t neccKsary Tnr demand for iboe drinks is -*o roiir.b on ibe in crease, in all parts of tbowond, that the outlay for the machinery in all casus leads to a profi ahle and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or rjin be h;«. jt the office of this paper on Iiaymcn of Id. — Hahnktt ard Fohtkk. Knpi ersne 230. Hoi^on rtreet, Londna. N. Ghosts. — An attempt isbeini: wane in t 1 '' old country lo revive tbe belief in viKitar t from another world, and many are t.he wonder ful stories tbat fill to ill' ot the journal*. The sceptical tuind is, b(jw'-'i*r, inclii:e-l 1o adopt Scrooge's remark lo Marb-y's ebfiKt : 1 How do I know that vou tire not a hit of undigested bread?' for. nf all tbe jrtionl produeeis, a bit uf ' heavy' breml ih the most potent. It i« a won der, iherufoie. Hut i»:r.|i!c do not adi.pt the florest si'oll iijmit.st L'hoste by ueinp Borwick'c Gold Medal linking Powder in making bread : for, aHh'iii'ih it won't 'raise. -:hoflU.' it will reine bread in tbe mot;* admiiablc faHhinn. Jtv 'ry wise storekeeper baa it by bim, a- d ver}' good houMiwi»c buj« it. Woman's SPH HUB— There are lew ,neo no'* so benight') to believet'iat w.rnao's iniwion can bf: mmnied lip in Sh«kesp'iM,e,f. '.vr,i 'lu- 'Tu Hiiekle friols and ehlOTiieln small biter.' Yel H woman is none tbe w.nee fijr knewinL' how t-i iuii.'e bitad or make a cuttar'l, and i- both these little arts sbe is sreatly uwnifii ed by Messrs. Horwick \ Hon*, who, for herconveni ence, have product d ibeir celebrated ' liaki'1' Powder' and 'iuld Medal 11 CustHid I'owdei.' With the lerrie:r article .the mOKt palatable bread, c.'kes. a-'d pnhtiy can be produced spee'iilv, and wi»h marvellously little trouble; whilst, witi: tlie Ini Jcr. F/ie is independent of tbe domestic be.n, and enn nialcc the nooKt deliciouf cusl ardp. biane-iuanges, kc., at half tbfl usuM time. 