Who Lost:It? While on the way to my office a few days since, I discovered lying in my path a small book, which, upon opening, I found to be an 1887 diary. There is no name upon the inside to show who the owneris, but possibly, if I describe it, and quote some of the entries which appear in home-made "bluing" ink upon its pages, it will enable the owner to claim her property. The book, while in repose, is oblong in shape, but when opened, forms a perfect square. The cover is a crude imitation of aligator leather, with a large grease spot in the upper right hand corner, which spreads as it reaches the back, forming graceful fes toons; the effect is very pleasing to the eye. This lead me to believe that the owner had accidentally dropped the book into her soup. Upon the fly-leaf are the words, "Price fourpence, marked down from sixpence." This is also very pleasing to the eye, as the penman shows a decided Civil Service twist in his writing. Under the head of Saturday, January Ist, she has penned the following : "To-day, papa dear 'swore off' smoking, drinking, swearing, gambling, and opium eating. Ah, how happy I am. I would kiss him were I not afraid it would spoil my complexion." From the above I take it that her father has heretofore devoted his life to the acquisi tion of vices. Men differ in their tastes; some love to gather postage-stamps, others coins, and others cigar butts, but this young lady's father seemed to have yearned for the different vices, which our glorious coun. try so amply and copiously supplies. "Sunday, Jan. 2nd, went to church, and sat with that detestible Henrietta Perkins. Oh, she had on the most stunning dress in the congregation-forgot what minister said-and the loveliest bonnet I ever saw, too, but if I was as plain as she, I would wear a veil. I know her face must ache. Think I'll go to bed; the gas company has shut off our gas, and Bridget, the cook, is using the last candle in the house, to read a cheap novel by." "Monday, Jan. 3rd. We had beefsteak and onions to-day, for the first time since papa dear was sold out by the bailiff. Oh, it was so nice-especially the onions. The aroma which arose from them seemed to per. meate my very soul, and brought back sweet memories of the past, when we had meat three times a day, and enough left over to feed Bridget and poor little Fido. Bridget is still able to walk, but Fido, since killing our neighbor's cat and eating it, has had nothing to stay his cravings, and is slowly evaporating. I pity him, and offered him a piece of onion this noon, but his eyes were already glassy, and I could plainly see that his senses were wandering." The above shows plainly that the yotng lady's father, in his mad race for vices to S Ambligous. Sus-"? Why, Mr. DeSmith I heard you were laidiip at home with a broken leg?" H--" No; that wan my brother."' Su-" What a pity." complete his collection, waited tbc long be fore swearing off, and is a ruined man. "Tuesday, Jan. 4th. Little brother Eddie coughed up a p- s button to.day, that he swallowed some months ago. It was a God. send, for papa dear has been depending on a wire nail to hold up his p--s, for ever so long, and mamma and I buried our heads oa each others necks and just wept for very joy, when we discovered what sweet little Eddie had done." "Wednesday, Jan. 5th. Bridget kicked the oven door off the stove to-day, in her wrath, and said she must have her wages and something to eat, or she would have papa dear arrested. These cooks are so bold, and expect to be treated just like one of the family. She says that she is tired of liver, but if she must have it she insists upon at lept one large mouthful at each meal. Her inipudence almost drives me mad. The idea of her having a whole mouthful of liver when Fido and the rest of. the family are slowly.dying of starvation." 'iTuesday, Jan. Gth. At last Fido has given up .he ghost, and his spirit has fitted to 'The undiscovered country from whose bourn No traveller returns.' "Mamma dear and I wept in silence when we saw papa slyly bury poor Fido in our neighbor's yard. "Friday, Jan. 7th. The cookingostove is a total wreck. Bridget, while in one of her tantrums, kicked the three remaining doors off, and says that she wants it distinctly un derstood that unless she can have fish on Friday she will leave, and take the furni ture with her." Here the entries come to an abrupt end, and this leads me to believe that the book was lost on or about January 8th. The book is still in my possession, and the owner can have'the same by calling at this office. 