Oddities in Wills. ' Simple a matter as i t really is, lawyers have not always been suoeosaful in drawing their owniwills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan oellor of England, who as, Edwara Sugden, was the moat eminent chanoory lawyer in EngUnd, and who, with a number ol law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an oxpenaive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro per effect. The will o£ Lord WflHfcburyf another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I oould give many similar inatanoea.) There have been devises to animals or for their benefit which have been valid to cats, doge, horses, and even parrots. Not un frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills, The will of Lord Pembroke in tho seven teenth century has several items of that kind -for inBtanoo: " I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make this legacy willingly beoauae I know that ho will faithfully dis charge it unto the poor. Item-I give;up the ghost." Lord Baoon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his namo and memory " to men's oharitable speeohes, to foreign nations and the next ages," Shakespeare iolt an elaborate will, whioh contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakepeareana not a little. "I give unto my wife my second best bed, arith the furniture." Why did ho only give Ann Hathaway his seoond bunt, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did she get, and tho world 1ms sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by whioh ho be ,queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to nis king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the logaey, and they both came to want. Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legaoy to a wretch named Ohatillon, who had at tempted to assaasinate Wellington. The will of Rabelais liaa this olause: "I owe a great deal; the rest I givo to tho poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous French abbe had this pithy clause in his will: " To my Bteward I leavo nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all his property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what the law allows her, I have drawn a number of suoh wills, Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife 80\. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman muoh younger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the income should be;doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative will-that is, a will by word of mouth, by whioh personal estate may be dis posed of, but you, being a civilian, must make yours in writing. It don't matter much what tho writing is on-it may be on a elate, or a table top, or evon a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should bo on paper or parchment. You may write it and sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it ink. You may make your will in Choctaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says: " be writ in the ohoic est ltalian''; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you loave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they aan make it out. If you wiBh to drop into poetry, even that ia permit ted, as the following ease ol a valid win shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Whioh God's goodness has granted tome. And that none may prevent This, my will and intent, Or oeoasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This, the true aot and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in go small a coun try as England, and one which has been oivi lized 00 long, there should be found any now Slants at this late day; yetaspeoies of liohen, itherto unknown to occur in Britain, was recently discovered in Westmoreland, Oali olum Rosoidium is its Botanioal name.^ A French'physiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extracts may be abtainrd from edible mushrooms, by troating them with chloroform or various ethers, He oalls those poisons, oryptomaines. To their pre. souce may bo attributed the fatal effeota which sometimes result from eating fungi whioh are ordinarily perfectly 'wholesome. 