~ AS YOU LIKE IT stAy marry, now unmuzzle your wisdom. ROSALIND If there is one place in the territory where Sir Henry Parkes ought to be at home, and confidential it is at the town called after him and that too in spite of the bleak wind, and the biting cold, and in spite also of the heart- breaking roads. "Well, I think Sir Henry did fool at home here last Saturday, and I have no doubt that the Parkosopolites did their level best to make their distinguished visitor feel at home. " There ought to be a railway somewhere about here," exclaimed Sir Henry at an early stage of the banquet, to the manifest delight of his audience, and at the evident instigation of his own ill-treated anatomy, and with the sure acquiescence of every human being who has any modern knowledge of the roads in those parts. The remark put his hearers' in a good temper, for nothing does that in country places like the hint of a railway. Then Sir Henry passed on to that awfully stereotyped Local Self-government Bill, and, after dwelling on that fossil promise for a few minutes, the martial spirit suddenly took possession of him, and he spoke of the necessity of remodelling our defence forces. "I believe (said Sir Henry that the whole of the young men of this country ought to be trained in the use of arms." There Spake a wise man. The reasons for such a compulsory training for purposes of natural defence were well urged, and even for the " bush cavalry " something may be said but I am well pleased that Sir Henry Parkes, of all men, has found himself obliged to admit the necessity of a general military training of our people. Our present condition of defence is unsatisfactory in many ways. Let us therefore, improve it as soon as possible, and not wait until we are having a bad attack of the "Foreign Invasion Panic." The first thing to be done, KB I have always held, and still maintain against all comers, is the recognition of the obligation of all per sons, not over military age, are to serve some military probation, or else to pay a reasonable sum to the State for a dispensation. Extend the cadet system through- out all the schools of the colony. Pay the cost of the training, drill, c, by local rates and provide inspection and examination, from the general revenue. The " larrikin " spirit which Bishop Barry notices as so prevalent among us would be almost annihilated by the spirit of subordination which a few weeks' periodical drill would engender and subordination means, in this context, more than I can say in a short paragraph. . , . . Every decent human being of an English-speaking race is always glad to renew his acquaintance with that marvellous creation of Dickens "The Oratchit Family." Well, Mr. Locke Richardson's delivery of " The Christmas Carol in Prose " on Wednesday night was a treat. And when I say a treat, I don't forgot what two solid hours of treating and being treated mean both for the reciter and his audience. Any man who can hold his hearers for two hours is no dance. Mr. Locke Richardson (who people tell me is a Canadian is a well-favoured man, and he has purple youth and a splendid memory on his side, and nothing against him which a little self-denial and a little study could not remove. I will say at once all I have to Bay in the way of disparagement, and it is very little.' ' "What authority has Mr. Locke Richardson for making the principal female ghouls, Mrs. Gilbert, an Irish- woman ? And why does he descend to " gag?" Mrs. Diller, according to Dickens, is a bone of any nationality. It is another wrong to " relate " to turn her into an Irish woman with a portentious brogue, The Irish are all there at wakes, and they lend them selves for a ridiculously small fee to other funereal offices, but the Irishwoman is by no means addicted to such operations as those attributed to Mrs. Dunbar. Mr. Locke Richardson should remember, also, that this scene (stave four of the Carol), Uko all the scenes to which poor old Soroozo was treated, his nothing farcical about it, Ghosts do not descend to farce (worse luck). Mr. Locke Richardson should not attempt to improve Dickens, even for the sake of accen- testing the effects. Dickens is good enough for us Dickens, pure and simple. And, when, we remember that the author of this prose Carol as he was writing it would himself weep and laugh ever it like a madman ยก and, as he thought about the characters in it, would march through the London streets for five or six hours at a stretch, working out the marvellous detail; surely we might be content to have it' as the author left it. And now I have said my worst-and perhaps Mr. Locke Richardson will profit by it. So much for the version. As to the action, much must be left to the actor, in a recitation, as in a play. But, if Mr. Locke Richardson will forgive, I would suggest to him that he " over-acts " the Carol just a little. Perhaps this is the fault of his years: Another reciter would depend for certain great effects on the east and the composure of his face, and not quite so much on the flexibility of his legs and arms. But let me be quite honest , Mr. Locke Richardson's presentation of the Carol is' a treat (as I have already said-if to feel one's ribs sore with laughing, and one's eyesight dimmed by half-suppres-od tones every alternate five minutes, is a treat. It might with a little more study and' a little more self-denial be made a perfect treat. But then the " gallery" people might object. Nevertheless, I am sure Mr. Locke Richardson will understand me when I say that the Carol is best rendered when the story, and not the reciter, brings down the plaudits, which I trust is not a hard saying. > at . . a A very short-sighted but otherwise meritorious friend much addicted to dancing and similar weaknesses (?) which, to use his own long-tailed words, " facilitate impromptu juxtaposition of the different genders "-has confided to me some of his experiences, and not under the seal of c, c It seems to me that my inflammable friend has been badly imposed upon. Persons who ought to have known better have made him the victim not so much of his innate susceptibility to feminine charms na of their sophisticated allurements. I feel for my young and short-sighted friend SO keenly that, well knowing the risks I run with the illuminated, I cannot restrain myself from suggesting an amendment of the criminal law. I am given to understand that if any person by a false pretence obtains from any other person any property with intent to defraud, the person operating by the false pretences makes himself or herself liable to penal servitude for five years. Further, I am informed that the false pretence, to be criminal, must be of some actual fact, not of a mere matter of opinion, and that the property must have been obtained on the belief that the pretended fact was true, but that it is not necessary that the pretence should have been stated in writing or by word of mouth. In the six or seven cases in which my confidant has been victimised there has been a false pretence of a matter of fact namely, of the age of his partner. He admits that, like Viola with her love, she never told her age, but let concealment, is, so.; nor did she write it down on her programme-census fashion she only made a pretence of it by her conduct, toilette,' and those various tricks of sophistication which Ben Jonson properly stigmatises as the adultereR of art." The effect of those has been, in one case, that the poor fellow danced no fewer than Id dances during one evening, with a giddy girl of about fit) and it was only when daylight was let in on the revellers that disenchantment was let into the mind of this cruelly abused young man; and by that time he had promised his partner-well, I had better not say what His other experiences are more or less of the same kind. Here then are cases where a person, dressing and otherwise conducting herself like a gill of from 18 to 27, but being in fact about 50 years old, obtains the exclusive admiration, under most compromising circumstances, of a young fellow of 24. For some weeks, in one case, he was literally annexed and the consequences in gloves, and other evidences of servitude, were awful. He assures me that until the law is altered, or the custom at least, he means to join the wallflower brigade, six lessons of his affections in a single season being more than he can endure. I tell him that he ought to indict the girl, and get a decision of the Supreme Court whether a man's affections are his " property," and whether (if they are ancient young ladies may lawfully sophisticate themselves so as to pass off for half their ages, in order to defraud a man of those affections. Upon the point whether a woman's age is a matter of fact, or a matter of opinion, I know that very WORD judges have differed ; but the law ought to be settled one way or the other. If it is law that a woman is " as old as she looks." We men ough to know it, so that we may" conduct ourselves accordingly. u . < * * * * * i, ? Perhaps it is all too soon (seeing that July is not yet sped) to begin, shouting" and jubilating about the return of our climate to its despondent and all but heart-broken owners. Everybody who is a part owner of the most perfect weather in the world knows that some time toward the middle of last year our aether ' absconded and had not been heard of since, in spite of all the inquiries made by the Government Astronomer, who was sent to Europe with a roving warrant and all the necessary extradition documents to enable him to identify, claim, and return the vagabond to its owners. But our escaped chronic had a conscience, it seems. It was not worse than Borne of those remorseful murderers who from time to time surrender themselves to the police. It came book of its own accord, to its own country ; has explained, let us hope, to the satisfaction of the authorities, the recondite meteorological reasons for its temporary aberration and now (let us not only hope, but ensure) has taken the pledge never again to desert us. " Various and mutable," like those women who enslave us by their ever changing moods and tenses, let it be, I if variousness and mutability are of its essence ; but let it never again closed its natural home for the best part, ' or, indeed, any part of the year. What are we Australians without our climate? Let any man of a mathematical turn of mind, desirous of answering this question, set about computing what Sydney people (I mean the people who are " people." mind) would be without Lord and Lady Carrington, and then multiply the result by about a million, a " ... 2 3 4 Although this is not the column for Thanksgiving Services, I may nevertheless be permitted to perform a short one over the return of " Alfred Sydney." We have missed him' consumed, and we are glad to have him back among us. Some of us don't look upon him altogether as a sacerdotal land mark, but as an individual taxpaying citizen, with a good record, plenty of promise, and a pleasant habit of instructing us in the pulpit, in the newspaper columns, and else and everywhere. I hope we shall both see and hear, and read much of him in the days that are to come. But I really am sorry that his first appearance in print after his return has been in a measure brought about by that cosmopolitan caitiff the reporter. Go where you, will now-a-days, this ineradicable pest follows you. If you have a mind to abuse a Supreme Court Judge, there is the recorder of your words sitting calmly in the Gallery or in the background at a little table, and photographing your malevolence. If you desire to be effusive alter publicly dining with some notable people, there is your tormentor, ready to per- form the like office for your numerous bruises. You may fly to the uttermost of the northermost corners of creation, but you don't escape him. And if you think to evade his attention by keeping Toligiously at home and " sporting your oak," this modern Asmodeus interviews you in your arm-chair and your night-cap. It appears from Bishop Barry's explanation that he gave his famous lecture in ignorance that this colony would be represented by one of these dreadful creatures. Perhaps it will be a lesson for him for the rest of his life. a bishop must be the husband of one wife, it is quite as indispensable that he should be under the surveillance of one reporter. . . . The Senate of the University the other day negatived Professor Scott's motion,-" That in the first year the subject of English be omitted as a compulsory subject." The Senate evidently regards the study of English as essential ! but what are the " other languages which are taught in the University?" The regulations adopted require seven lectures a week in the case of English, Latin, and those other languages. Is this a specimen of one of them ?-" The lectures in each of the departments of physics, chemistry, and natural history, shall embody a general view of the whole subject, with particular reference to the elucidation of general principles.'' Students are to be congratulated. They will not be given a general view of half the subject, nor will the general view be particularly embodied ; but there will be a particular reference to general principles and though no general reference will be had to particular principles, the whole subject will be viewed in a general way. It is gratifying to know this. By the way, is it any part of the duty of the arts curriculum committee to prepare those speeches which the Governor is called upon to deliver to Parliament? There is style and diction about their last effort, which reminds one of ' those stately examples of English prose. # 3 4 5 6 It seems likely that the present generation will use up all the Jubilees, and that there will be none left for those who come after UB, unless, indeed, a few union Biderod centennials should fall in unexpectedly. All sorts of dismal conditions are prophesied to-day. The rate of profit and of interest fallen to a minimum nobody able to retire from business until 85 or so and then to a cemotery)-overcrowding-starvation and a variety of other evils which conclusively prove that wool to-day are very well, off, because hero after it will be better to be with the dead. I don't myself at all agree with the prophets, of coming woe, partly from a native cheerfulness of disposition, I but chiefly because, with the exception of. Jeremiah, perhaps-and the people of his race have had a reasonable share of the good things of this world in recent times prophets of evil are generally con- tradicted by subsequent events. But two things I fear. I have derived such exquisite plea- sure- chiefly second-hand-from the two jubilees that have been agitating the world, and I am looking forward so expectantly to the Centenary celebration, that I don't like to contemplate a world where those things must be met with infrequently. And now another of those occasions has been used up and not made very much of I mean the telegraphic jubilee. To me, however, it would never have been an opportunity for unlimited rejoicing. The telegraph has, of course, done very much for the world. It enables us to learn what somebody" said about something, and which otherwise would have been forgotten five minutes afterwards and it has helped ill news to travel Easter than ever. Butithasdetractedsadlyfromthe romance of life, handicapped commercial intelligence, and diminished the chance of achieving that sudden fortune which we all think ought to come to us some day because it has come to ft score of other people. Rothschild was more fortunate. He lived in the times when a coup was still possible. But on the other hand, two of to-day have the advantage of not being dead yet and after all that ยฃ3 something. * * * The other thing that I dread is a depreciation in the value of peels. There is no saying what the Republican Union may do; and as yet there is no sign that the House of Lords is aware of the danger which threatens it from New South Wales. But it is cheering to know that lords have at the present moment a very high value, if we may accept the evidence of Mr. George Ranken. Different societies, he tells us, appeal frequently to the intellect, the patriotism, and the pockets of the public ; but, strangely enough, (despite the last inducement) wealth, fashion, and politics in the persons of their representatives fail to "roll up." But one day one of these societies got hold of " an imported nobleman" and put him in the chair, and soon as the doors were opened the hall was flooded, and overflowed from doorway to ceiling with an enthusiastic audience." The " committee, who paid for the hall, were actually hustled off their own platform by people whom they had never seen before, but who evidently thought there selves of some consequence." Mr. Ranken has the remedy for his trouble in his own hands and he to some extent himself suggests it. Lords are at present upon the free (and sometimes easy) list-a state of things which, I hope, for all our sakes, may long continue. But for fear that Messrs. Abbott, Garvan, Dibbs-and Melville should gain the upper hand and put on a tax with the object of encouraging the production of native lords with a patent under the sign manual of King Billy, would it not be well to at once hunt up a few of those poets who are not properly valued at home because they are like the poor? T. J The death is announced of Mr. Francis Fuller, the last survivor of the three promoters of the Great Exhibition of 1851, his associates being Sir Henry Cole and Mr. Scott Russell. Mr. Fuller was born at Coulsdon, in Surrey, about 10 miles from Epsom, and the interesting fact is stated that he saw the race for the Derby run every year from 1921 to 1931 inclusive a fact which is doubtless unparalleled in turf history. 