THE TROUBLES OF A SHOWMAN. WHEN Bucephalus Bellow decided to invest his small capital in the show business, he had a vague idea that catering for the amusement and instruction of the public was " all beer and skittles." He has, however, after a brief experience seen fit to change his mind. • His first venture was to take out a star dramatic company to tour the provinces with the most celebrated of modern dramas, and he engaged a grand company for the purpose, but somehow or another the provincial public did not rush for the celebrated modern dramas, and one fine night Mr. Bucephalus Bellow sat himself down in his hotel and calmly surveyed the situation. Finding himself out in his calculations, he prudently thought that it would not do to be " out " in pocket as well, so he quietly and modestly slipped away during the night. He said nothing to his landlord, as he did not care that there should be any demonstration at his departure, and he took the early train for town. His company of stars, after having been abused by the publican for a firmament of swindlers, left their wardrobes in pawn and did not take the train to Melbourne—they walked— though " the ghost' didn't. Bucephalus Bellows having come to the conclusion that the public had not been educated up to a remunerative appreciation of the celebrated modern dramas, recognised the value of curiosities, and set about getting together a host of novelties that should make the public gasp with wonder. His natural museum was the wonder of the age. He engaged at enormous expense all the giants and dwarfs he could lay his hands upon. He secured a spotted man, who could knock spots off the greatest human leopard ever yet painted, two-headed calves, six-legged cows, and bleached Albinos helped to form a "happy family," whilst the attractions of the greatest moral show on earth were crowned by the presence of a genuine Spanish gipsy, from Williamstown. Fate seemed inclined to atone to Bucephalus Bellow for its unkindness over the dramatic tour through the provinces, and the public rushed to his museum to have its fortune told by the Williamstowu Spanish gitana and to feast its eyes on the wonders of nature, as illustrated in men who were spotted and Albinos who were spotless, men who were too big and men who were too small, and the other and various freaks of nature which formed, in the words of Bucephalus Bellow's handbills, " a conglomeration of curiosities on a scale never before attempted in the universe." Money poured in upon Bucephalus Bellow, and he was just considering whether he should not form himself into a land syndicate and take an express- train to fortune, when all of a sudden his luck went dead out again. His dwarfs developed such ravenous appetites that they ate up more than their share of the profits ; his giants went into partnership and started a rival show, which seemed to hit the public taste better ; the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals interfered, and made him untie the second head from his calf, and unscrew the abnormally-attached legs from his cows. The Albinos' supply of hair-bleaching material went astray, and the spotted man, being caught in a shower of rain, the insincerity of his claims to fame were very soon "spotted." To crown the record of his misfortunes the Spanish fortuneteller from Williamstown quarrelled with him, and entered an action against him for breach of promise of marriage. The show was suddenly closed, and Bucephalus Bellow has gone out of the business. He has come to the conclusion that the pose of a caterer for public amusement is not such a rosy one after all, and he is thinking seriously of going back to the bricklaying business, an occupation in which there is no care, good pay and short hours. He has gained by experience a splendid illustration of the truth of the adage—" Let the cobbler stick to his last." 