Town NEWS. The Queen's Jubilee is to be dqly celebrated in tbe colony. At the request of the Govern ment the Centennial Exhibition Commis sioners have reserved ihe Exhibition-building for that purpose for five days in Jane, including the anniversary of Her Majesty's accession to the throne. The precise character of the demonstration has yet to be determined. The Cabinet have bad the question under consideration, but no decision has been come to. A special meeting oi the Victorian Commis sion for the Colonial and Indian Exm bition was held on Tuesday morning at the Town-balL Mr. John BIyth presided, and tendered a cordial welcome to the president and the secretary of the commission, Mr. Joseph Boeisto, M.L.A., C.M.G., and Mr. James Thomson, who attended for the' first time since their return frpm London. Mr. Blyth ..spoke in favourable terms of the manner in which those, gentlemen, had carried out their functions at. the Exhi bition, and also took the opportunity of recognising the .services during their absence of the .acting secretary {Mr. D. M. Cameron'). It was decided to entertain Mr. Bosisio anil Mr. Thomsonshortlyat a dinner, to which the members of the commission and the Ministry will be invited. A boggy accident which occurred on Tuesday evening betwleen 7 and 8 o'clock p.m. on the Brunswick-road resulted in 'the almost in stantaneous death of Mr. Aaron Waxman, who was .well known aa a money broker. Mr. Waxman was driving alone: the Sydney road when his horse took fright and bolted. In the neighbourhood of the corpora tion pig market the horse came in contact with one of the iron tree-guards, and the shock of the collision threw Mr. Wax man forward and on to the road with bd much force th&ttbe; Sorehead and front part of the skull were fearfully fractured. He was picked ttp by Mr. J. R Mackinnon, of the Telegraph department, and Mr. George |litchell, of Albert- park, and takento the Melbourne Hospital, but ther^4??t®M Dr. G, Howard, foand torn ramina. tioiithttt.thfe fniori^had &tt;^r*l5m£ed ill death, At one time. Mr. 'TOkmah :held i heading position In syni^ue * : fa '?'Xlb&*t3P%i$! . Sel in the bush for ft considerable time, in the Lilydale district, is reported by our local cor respondent On Saturday afternoon, at 5 o'clock, a little girl, aged about two years, daughter of Mr. Chester Haines, Btrayed from her parents' house at Woori Yallock,about 12 miles from Lilydale. Search parties of resi dents went out during that night and Sunday, but without finding any trace of the child, and on Monday three black trackers, with Senior-constable M'Williams. went to take part in the quest It is a remarkable coinci dence, that it was from Mr. Haines a house that the girl Clara Crosby started when she was lost in the same locality for three weeks. The difficulties of the search were increased by the fact that most of the surround ing country is of a very wild cha racter, being overgrown with dense scrub, and traversed by several streams. The child, however, was found about 11 o'clock on Monday morning by Mr. Percy Mat tingley, who was on his way to join tbe search party, about a mile and a hall from her father's house. The child was wandering abRut crying, but was very little the worse for her adventure, although she had passed two nights in the bnsh. Sir Patrick Jennings and Mr. R. Wisdom, who are to be the representatives of New South Wales at the Imperial Conference, were entertained at luncheon by the Premier at Scott's Hotel oil Feb. 18. Mr, Gillies pre sided, and there were also present Mr. Pear son, Minister of Education; Mr. Walker, Commissioner of Customs; Mr. Cuthbert, Minister of Justice; Mr. Derham, Post master-General ; Mr. Nimmo, Minister of Public Works; and Mr. Dow, Minister of Lands and Agriculture. The Premier pro posed the healths ot the guests, and tbe toast was heartily honoured by the company, all the gentlemen present expressing a sincere hope that the representatives ot New South Wales would have a pleasant voyage and a safe return. The New South Wala repre sentatives were subsequently entertained by the Mayor, and Sir Patrick Jennings, in re sponding to the toast of his health, briefly dwelt upon the importance of the Imperial Conference, while Mr. Wisdom expressed a confident anticipation that the results ot it would be of the highest bene We have received from Mr. Mullen ft copy of the Selections from Joknaon, Gray, fro*** smith, Cowper, Addison, toid Lambt which have been prescribed for the matriculation examinations at the Melbourne University. Each of the poems and essays selected b accompanied by a memoir of the author, aad notes biographical, critical, and explanatory, supplied by Mr. Thomas Harlio, who baa fulfilled his part of the work excellently. The biographies relate all the essential facts of the Uvea recorded, and the notes are to copious that it would be difficult to indicate a point which has been overlooked, or an obscure word or phrase which has Jailed to meet ihe: elucidation required by the student - ' . ? . ' An action for libel was brought against the publisher of The Argus, at the BaUtoat County Court .on Wednesday, bf Mx. C. B. Jones, UL.UK The C&sq;WSJS heard before his Honour Judge Casey, and a jury ot si^ Mr. Samuel, solicitor, Hamilton, appeared lot the plaintiff, and Mr. Purves, Q.C.. 83d *** Finlayson, represented the defendant lbe plaintiff claimed 1250 damages in respect oE an alleged libel published in The. Argus on January 14K in a leader on the importation into this colony, contrary to the provisions oE the Copyright Act, o£an American pirated edi tion of the revised version of the Bible. 1 be evidence for the plaintiff was confined to proof of publication of the article. Mr. Joneadid not go into the box, and no wit nesses were called to prove that any damage had been sustained. Several legal points were raised, but their consideration was de ferred. For the defence it was submitted that no libel had been proved, and that tbe language complained of was fair and reasonable com ment upon a matter of public interest ana importance. Mr. Purves, in ;ft forcible and humorous speech to the jury, dwelt upon top unwillingness of the plaintiff to submit him self to cross- examination, and suggested that Mr. Jones had brought the actum at BaUanrt in the hope of snatching a verdict IBs Honour, in charging the jury, said that the tendency of modern times was to enlarge and not to restrict the right of criticising the public acta of public men. It was for the jury to say whether the criticism in that case was fair and reasonable. His Honour in formed the jury that it was not necessary that they should be unanimous, bat that four of «ir could return a.verdict Alter an. hour and a half's deliberation, the jury returned intn court with a. verdict foe the defendant, but'on learning that only four of the jurymen were in favour ot that course and two against it, his Honour informed, them that he ha4 inadvertently stated. tbM. ionr Jurymen «rn|id return a verdict, the law requiring three-fourths of the jurymen to agree. An hoar and a baU later ttoe iwy returned into conrt. The foreman reported that there was no ol a change in the views ot the jury. Owing to the relusal of Mr. Samuel to consent to their unconditional discharge, U»e jury, were locked up for six hours, * Being still unable to agree, they were tben dw eharged, Mr. Samuel handed ina written application, asking His Honour lo fix a day for re-hearing the case. The Ministry entertained Sir Henry Parkes and Sir Wllliani Fiteherbert at dinner a* Meimes' Hotel onWedhesdfty- Sic G*01®* preaentaB guesta.<" Stoas of mutual gobd' changed aimfttoiprt Che colonies of Kew Soitih ^ andVfctprt* Scholarship of £100 a-yeav, tenable for three years, have been examined, at the instance of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, at the Melbourne University, The examiua tion papers have been sent home. Ihe Kail way Commissioners, prior to their return to Melbourne on Saturday from a tour in the \\\ estern district, visited the Newport workshops for the purpose of determining the class of passenger carriage to be used in the future on the principal country and sub urban railways. Examples of every type of carriage in use on the railways were ranged within the workshops, and after carefully in specting each of thetn the commissioners decided that tlie new carriage should be built on the bo^ic principle, and that it Bhould be 45ft. in length, with compartments separated from each other by partitions carried to within a short distance of the roof. The ut most care will be taken to provide the \ekieles with the most modern improve ments, and to render them in every way equal to the best English carriages. The commissioners intend to call for tenders for a supply of these carriages within a short! period. 1 ti Preparation for the performance of the) "Auhilaria" of PJautus by the students of Trinity College has already begun, the cast of the play having been arranged as follows: Euclio, Mr. W. Lewers; Lar, Mr. C. G. Smythe; Staphyla, Mr. R. R. Stawell; I'-iUnomia, Mr. G. W. Power; Megadorus, j Mr. E. A. Mackay; Strobilua I., Mr. C. Salmon ; Strobilus IL, Mr. R Champion ; j Anthrax, Mr. C. H. Chomley; Congrio, I Mr. W. Corr; Pythodicus, Mr. F, C. Cowle ;' Lyconides, Mr. K. S. Itughes; Phredra, Mr.' I F. D. Derham; l'lute Girl, Mr. F. Price; j Mutes, Messrs. L. Atkinson, IL Pu Power,' Thomson, Wilkinson, Anderson, Outhwaite. The mnsic.il portion of the entertainment j will be rendered by members of the Trinity College Musical Society, under the conduc-1 torahip of Mr. C. Dumerque, organist of St Mark's, Fitzroy, who bas kindly undertaken I the duties of musical director. A correspondent of the World, signing] himself "L.E.," reveals the following secrets > as to the latest opera of Mr. W. S. Gilbertl and Sir Arthur SullivanThere is no*] overture. Perhaps there will be, though. That the piece is in reality a caricature on I the old-faebioned melodrama, with the vir tuous peasant-girl, the wicked baronet, yon may take tor granted. I am not allowed to say what the surprise will be, but I will tell you that the wicked baronet has to be wicked in consequence of a curse which com pels him to commit a crime every day, or -to die. Now, Grossmitb, the mild baronet, refuses the title under each conditions, and j bides himself, leaving Barrington to commit the obligatory crimes. He is, however, com- i pelted to take his place, and there is a scene between him and the gallery of his ancestors, which is one of the moat original effects; known on the stage. The predominant colour of the music is the old English ; for! instance, the opening chorus of the brides maids. in gavotte time (E flat), and the -sailor'4 song d la Dibdin. Then come! a hornpipe and a madrigal, a sweetly j pretty thing most tastefully invented, with I a chaste and graceful accompaniment Mr. J Grosamith'e second song and the end of the two finales belong to that same description. The score contains, moreover, a graceful song in waltz-time for soprano, a dramatic i legend for contralto, a most extraordinary aud highly-amusing patter-trio, and very clever double chorus (you know Sullivan's favourite device ofuniting two distinct subjects), a very tender little duet, a real gem, for contralto and baritone, various airs and duets, together no fewer than 24 numbers. One of the principal numbers-the principal, in my bumble opinion-is the ghost scene above alluded to, serious, solid, the treatment of the orchestra and chorus producing: a most weird and solemn effect I wish to mention a song in three verses, orchestrated in three different ways to give emphasis to the words, in a moat vivid manner. What will * fetch' the public is a duet in the second act which you must hear to appreciate it, because to describe its quaintnesa is not easy. But if there is much serious music and more counterpoint than you would look for in a comic opera, there is much of a rollicking character, apparently written in the exuber ance of high spirits." The railway line from Hamilton to Cole raine will be 23 miles in length, and its earthworks will amount to 290,000 cubic yards. Fifteen bridges will be necesBaiy, and three of them are of considerable propor tions. The one over the Grangebum will have 15 openings of 20ft each; the second, compassing M'Kinnon's Creek, will have 21 openings of 15ft each; and the thud, over the Watraon, will have 21 openings of 20ft each. There will be 114 culverts along the line. The terminus at Coleraine will be situated between Robert son and Read streets. There will be three intermediate platforms-the first at a dis tance of seven miles from Hamilton, the flecond at Redruth, 5J miles farther on, and the third at a point 174 miles from Hamilton. The sharpest curve is 22 chains and the steepest gradient 1 in 40. The country to be traversed is described as somewhat difficult TrplB ap engineering point of view. Ao inquiry into the circumstances con with the death of theyoung artist, Mr. whose body was found on ..early on Wednesday ^ fnextdaybythie city coroner. Hawthorn that there blood marks and brains on the brake blocks of the train, he told the driver to stop on the return journey and then lound the body. Dr. Lalor, who made the post-mortem, was of opinion that the deceased was standing erect when the truck struck him on the chest. The deceased was very fond of bathing, and both at Prahran and in Tas mania frequently left his bed at all hours to bathe 011 warm nights, lie was sansuine of being able at an early date to go to South Kensington or Paris to complete his art studies. The jury found that he had been accidentally killed by a ballast train. Complaints from Beveral of the grain growing; districts have been made with respect to the alleged inadequate truck accommoda tion for the couvej'ance of the wheat to Mel bourne, but the Railway Commissioners maintain that these complaints are without any reasonable foundation. This being the busy season at those stations that are the centres of agricultural areas, some little in convenience to individuals was inevitable, but the commissioners aver that nothing in the nature of a block has occurred, and the wheat is coming down with commendable despatch Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, had a conversation with Mr. Derham. Postmaster-General, yesterday afternoon on the subject of the ocean mail service. Sir Henry stated daring the interview that hedid not come with the idea of settling all the ! points in connection with the mail contract, bat rather with the intention j of making himself fully acquainted with the views of the Victorian Government, | so that he might be prepared to discuss the ! question in all its bearings with his colleague, the Postmaster-General of New South Wales, on his return to Sydney. From the general tenor of bis remarks it was evident that Sir Henry is deBironB of co- operating with Vic toria in the carrying out of the mail service. Mr. Derham informed him that an important letter on the Bubjectfrom the agent general, Sir Graham Berry, was expected in a few days, and, on its receipt, would be trans mitted by telegraph to Sir Henry Parkes. When Sir Henry is placed in possession of the facts embodied in Sir Graham Berry's letter, he will bring the whole qnestion be fore his colleagues in the New South Wales Ministry, and communicate the results to Mr. Derham. On the subject of an intercolonial par cels post Sir Henry was very sympathetic, pro mising co-operation with Victoria in in augurating the syBtem, and undertaking to obtain,- if necessary, early legislative sanction to the proposal. As to the question of inter colonial postal cards and the interchange of postal cards between Great Britain and the colonies, Sir Henry said he regarded both projects with favour, and expressed the hope that Victoria would continue to advocate their, adoption. New South Wales is piloting the Imperial post-card movement* and Queensland has charge of the kindred inter colonial project The railway bridge, one of the largest of the kind in the colony, over the Emu Creek on the ?amperdown to Terang line has (writes our Camperdown correspondent) been completed. It iB a pile bridge 800ft in length" and 30ft to 35ft. high; 10,000ft of piles were used in its construction. These are redgum, ironbark, and boxwood, averaging from 24in. to 16in. in diameter. Some of them are 70ft, in length, and as these were not to be less than ISin. at the small end, they could not be obtained in the colony and had to be brought from Riverina. There were also used 16,000ft of sawn timber, apart from sheet piling, which protects the embankment approaches, and extends a distance of 500ft on each side. Approaching the bridge from the Cnjnperdown side, there is a large cutting about three quarters of a mile in length, from which some 45,000 cubic yards of earth have been taken. On the Terang side is another cutting, of 10,000 cubic yards. The large cutting is excavated on a curve, so that the bridge is actually hidden from view until the train is almost on it The first 100ft of the bridge is straight, and the remainder is built on a curve, which is con tinued in the cutting on the further side. The bridge is only wide enough for one line of rails, and on it are four safety brackets into which anyone may escape if on the bridge when a train is approaching. AB the bridge is at the junction of the main Warrnambool and Noorat roads, the traffic from the latter will pass underneath its western end,, where ample space has been allowed. The whole structure is very massive and substantial, and has recently been visited by'many people interested in such work, all of whom bave,been of one opinion as to its being constructed in a workmanlike manner/and reflecting the highest credit on the contractors, Messrs. Walls, M'AMister, and StanBtaore. The hearing of the .case of Weeding v. Weeding and Jtose, was resumed and con cluded in the Supreme Court Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction yesterday. Mrs. Bose, the wife of the co-respondent, was examined, and corroborated the statements of Dr. Bose and Mrs. Weeding with regard to the friendly relations existing between theni, and the various incidents affecting the issues of the case. She had never observed any impro priety between her husband and Mrs. Weed ing. Mr. Fprlonge then applied on an affidavit for en amendment of the petition, but his Honour declined to grant the application. Mr.Parves addresse&the; jury for the defence, lit strong language' denounoedtbe 'con flict of the petitioner, whose sto*y be said was inconsistent and altogether improbable. The action was tlmpfr device to extort money from the corespondent, Hr. Forlopge ad mitted that Jhecondpct of the petttignerwaa notthe question that jthe Jqiy ma to tw»piiaeai witfc. the ev&nipto; client. Ilia Honour in summing up con tented himself with putting before the jury the evidence relating to the issues of the case. He declined to express nn opinion I upon it, saying that that was the function of ! the jury. The jury retired at 10 minutes to 15 o'clock. They could not agree, and were (locked up for three hours. On returning : into court they returned a verdict finding by a three-fourths vote that the respondent coin I m it ted adultery at Mifcham in March, .April, | and June, 1SSG, and by a unanimous vote | that the petitioner committed adultery in (January, 18is4. They found by a three fourths vote that the petitioner was entitled to £100 da maces. The anticipations of the Minister of Lands with regard to the payment of selectors' arrears have been fully realised. On the 14th of January Inst the rents overdue amounted to £'18,000, while the latest returns show that the whole of the arrears have been paid, the receipts for last week amounting to £13,200. Two of the Governor's footmen, "William Blydon and Alexander Btoomfield, were brought up at the City Police Court yesterday before Mr. Call, P.M., and a bench of magistrates, charged with having deserted their hired service. They were in the em ploy of His Kscellency the Governor as foot men, and on Tuesday, being dissatisfied at an order given by the house steward, they lett the place. Considerable in convenience was caused in the household before their places were filled. Mr. E. M. Sturges, aide-de-camp to his Excellency, stated that it was not desired to press the charges, but it was thought necessary to prosecute them as a warning to them and others. The Bench ordered the discharge of the men and the forfeitureof the wagesdue about a month each. 