GORDON BALTERSTONE ; or THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE. CHAPTER IV. THE WRONG BILL - AZALIA. But alas ! it was not the Bill we are already acquainted with. This Bill was a coarse stupid country fellow, unsteady in his gait, and clad in a smock frock with straw in his boots instead of socks. " I nowd nowt aboot it measter," he said. " I coomed here tother daay cos Bill had tooeked himself off. I hearn that he runned away with them gipsey fellers." And that was all he knew. Still it was something, for on questioning the busy landlord still further, they found that on the night Bill had somehow taken himself off, Gordon had left at about the same time. Jenny connected the two events and though it was only a supposition, she felt sure his disappearance had something to do with the matter. Nothing now remained but for them to return to town and put themselves in the hands of the detectives. However, before anything could be done the Captain fell ill, and dangerously so. The doctor who was called in, stated that his life depended on his immediate removal home. The excitement he said was too much for him, and only the peaceful surroundings of his home and the tender nursing of his family would give him any chance of recovery. The danger was to his brain, he said, and all reference to the past must be avoided if possible. Accordingly, the next day the whole party started back for the Gare where they ultimately arrived in safety and where the usual routine was soon re-established. Jenny kept up a regular correspondence with the detective office, and the officers regularly responded to her communications. However, after a while they ceased their efforts to discover Gordon. They soon formed the theory that he had committed some indiscretion and had simply absented himself for a while and would soon turn up. There were no traces of violence to be found or to be heard of, and it was a common thing in their experience for young men being missed and then by and bye to hear of them in some distant land. They did not tell Jenny this. They told her that they were using every exertion, and that a look-out for the missing one was being kept up all over the country and at various seaports. The idea that he had committed suicide or had been murdered they utterly discounted. They told her that people often went missing and remained undiscovered for years perhaps, but that a murder or suicide was sure to be discovered though perhaps the murderers never were. With this she had to be contented, and so for some time, matters went on in their old way. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * When Gordon came to himself and opened his eyes dreamily he thought he was in a dream. As he rolled his glances from one side to the other, nothing but stone walls met his gaze. He felt no feeling of surprise - only a lazy wonder. He had some recollection of a dark night, a struggle in the bushes and that was all. He might almost have imagined that he had been asleep and his dreams were continuing now he was awake. His head, however, ached, and on raising his hand he found that a bandage was around his brow. Still recollection came slowly. Then it passed through his mind that during his sleep, a female form had been kneeling beside him and that he had felt the soothing influence of her touch. She was dark with raven hair and sparkling eyes. Who could it have been ? Ah ! the gypsy - and then suddenly all the events of that wonderful night came surging through his mind. The incantation - the prediction - the sudden blow. " Where was Bill ? Had they shared the same fate ? Or was he a party to the attack ? No - he would not believe that. Then Gordon again opened his eyes and as he became more thoroughly awake he made a more careful inspection of the place wherein he was lying. It was a vault some twenty feet in diameter ; the walls and vaulted roof were built of huge blocks of stone. At intervals all along the walls were large iron staples from which descended the corroded links of immense chains. The bed on which Gordon was lying was placed on a shelf of stone raised some few inches above the stone floor. From the roof hung a lamp of peculiar construction, the flame of which was no larger than a distant star, but whose blue light sufficiently illuminated the walls around him. There were no windows or doors that he could discover. " Where was he ? How did he come here ? How long had he been here ? Was he to be left here ? Was he to be left here to perish ? He already felt the pangs of hunger and thirst, and there was nothing about to satisfy these needs. Presently he wondered what time it was and he put his hand to his pocket for his watch. But no watch was there, and indeed no pocket. Raising himself with difficulty, he next proceeded to examine his clothes and the bedding in which he was enwrapped. Here was another surprise. His own linen was gone and the finest of linen had taken its place. Over this was a purple robe of rich velvet while he reposed on a bed and pillows of down, and was covered with a rug of rich dark brown furs. Carefully examining the rug outside and in, he found in one corner, concealed by the border of fur, a pocket. This pocket was fastened with a gold button on which was a device. What it was made our hero start and utter a sudden exclamation. The device on the button was the same as that on the ring he found in the garden of the Elizabethan house, and on the stone in the pencil case that had been dropped on the grass - a hand holding a death's head. Here was a discovery that brought Gordon's mind back to the lady who had so mysteriously implored his aid. And a fresh cloud of inquiries passed through his mind. Was she still alive ? Was she in his neighbourhood ? How was it that he was so mysteriously connected with her, and that even now, while he was unmistakably a prisoner, fresh reminders of her should come to him ? How could he help her ? He was now more powerless than ever. Perhaps he would never get out of his present difficulties alive. And yet he could scarcely believe his death was intended, or so much care would not have been taken of him. Distracted with all these thoughts his wearied brain gave way to a kind of doze. Not for long, however. Ere he dropped off to sleep he heard the far-distant sound of a solemn bell. Boom — boom — boom — it rang slowly forth until the sound had been repeated twelve times. Then all was still. Thoroughly awakened Gordon perceived that the starlike flame was gradually decreasing until there was scarcely enough light to distinguish the walls. Then he became aware of a slight bluish mist in the centre of the vault, and the perfume of incense greeted his nostrils. At the same time he was addressed by a soft flute-like voice. The mist dissolved, and Azalia, the gypsy of his previous acquaintance, stood before him. Gordon gazed with astonishment. She stood before him with downcast head and eyes, a being of beauty. As he looked he thought he had never beheld so ravishing a sight. Her faultless features were somewhat hidden by the waves of her glossy black hair, which was kept from her forehead by a quaint gold band and fell loose around her shoulders, and over her bosom. She was tall for a woman, but her figure was exquisitely moulded. She was dressed quaintly as on the former occasion ; but around her neck and reposing upon her bosom were coils of large pearls, which, if real, must have been of very great value. Her naked feet were in dainty slippers of velvet, and around her ankles were circles of gold from which hung little silver bells that tinkled musically at every movement. The words that she had uttered when first perceived by Gordon were, ' I am here.' Not another sound escaped her lips. She stood with bowed head as if awaiting a torrent of wrath. For some time Gordon remained spellbound. He was so astonished at her sudden appearance in the middle of the vault - no door having given her admission - that he could not think. But by degrees his senses returned, and though they were not as clear as before he was wounded, he was more himself than when he had first awakened within the vault. The nameless fear that had begun to creep over him was now gone. He felt that with this being before him he had power. He remembered the parting glance she had given him as she vanished in the cloud at their last trysting place, and he knew himself safe, at least so far as she was concerned. " Yes," he said, " you are here. Did the stars direct you to come ?" This he said somewhat sarcastically. " Laugh not at the stars, oh foolish youth," she replied. " The stars are truth \- by them are recorded the eternal decrees of the Supreme. It is by them I am here." " Did the stars foretell the cruel blow by which I was felled, or that I would be be brought to this terrible dungeon ?" inquired Gordon. " Did I not tell you that to those who were were purified from the dross, the stars revealed their secrets, and the book of nature, and the volumes of man's mind were open ? Alas ! I have some dross left," she responded. " You did indeed," cried Gordon, " and I looked upon your beautiful face, so expressive and changing in its expression, and I thought, though you might be deceived yourself, but you would not willingly deceive others. And yet," he continued, the anger spot glowing on his cheek as he raised himself with difficulty - " and yet you amused me with your follies, while at the same time your bully was on my track - probably to take my life." " Oh no, no," she exclaimed, with a gesture of passionate entreaty, " believe not that - still believe me innocent." " Then how came it to be," he replied, "that I no sooner quitted your presence than 1 was cruelly struck down." She did not answer, but such a despairing mute appeal beamed from her eyes that Gordon was struck. " Tell me," he said," how I came here." " I cannot - my lips are sealed," was her only answer. " Tell me then how long I have been here ?" he next asked. " Still the stars forbid reply," was her response. " Why are you here then ?" he asked. " Are you here to torment me ? What have I done to deserve this ? My life or my liberty can be of little use or harm to anyone. Why am I kept here ? You must tell me if you wish me to believe you anything you may tell me." " That too, I cannot tell," she replied. " But you must and shall," said Gordon, as he rose from his couch and staggered towards her. But he had overtaxed himself ; nature gave way and he fell in a dead swoon. To the stone floor he would have fallen, but the moment he stumbled Azalia sprang forward and received him in her arms. For one moment she held him there, covering his face with kisses and then quietly and almost reverently she replaced him on his couch. Here for a while she tended him until he recovered. But reason came not back with life. Carefully she administered food to him and then suddenly left the vault as mysteriously as she had entered it. CHAPTER V. BILL. For a long time as it seemed to Bill, he remained seated amongst the holly bushes, occasionally given vent to a low growl as leaning rather heavily the prickles stung him. " This 'eres a rummy go," he said, " and I b'lieve I'm in for a reglar adventure as good as Robin Cruso or won ov them chaps. Tell, wots the odds so long as yer happy. That there Gordon's a nice chap an' no mistake. A reglar sawbones. I wonder wot there up to ? Them ere gypsies tell fortunes ? All my eye ! They'd never take yer fortune. They'd better mind vot they're up to with my mate. No larks, old fellers I says. Ef there is larks about, I've a trap that'll catch 'em. Law, 'ow cold it is, blest ef I dont 'ave a drop ov something." Bill was raising the flask to his lips, when he heard Gordon's signal, and immediately after a rushing sound as if a herd of deer had been startled from their slumbers and had suddenly dashed away through the forest. Off Bill dashed as hard as he could in from whence the sound had come, but he could not see Gordon. He raised the signal cry again and again, but there was no response. He traversed the woods here and there, and every corner that he knew he searched, but there was no trace of Gordon. At last, he entered the copse into which Gordon had followed the gypsy. Here, of course, all was silent. There was, however, the lingering perfume of the incense that had been burnt. " Vot a rummy smell," said Bill. " I never hear tell ov such a stink. It smells like some of them ere puffumery shops as I've seen. My eye, I vonder who's been here." At this moment his ear was startled by a repetition of the signal at some distance, and in the direction of the Bald Faced Stag. " My eye, it's all right," he said. " My mate's got by me, that's all. I'm coming, mate," he cried, at the same time repeating the signal and starting on the road. As he walked briskly along he suddenly came within sight of the old monastery. " Now, that's a likely place," he said, " for a plant. Ef I vos on the cross, that's just the spot I'd choose. There's no fear of anyone comin' there to search. They'd as soon go to old Nick. Vy, that there nun as valks 'ud be worth a barrow full of threepennys to a feller on the cross. I vonder vot makes ghosts valk. If I seed one or ef I does I goes right smack up to it, I tell yer — Oh ! Lor—." This exclamation arose from Bill, just as he turned round a copse of bushes and came in full view of the place. The bell was tolling mournfully and through every crevice in the windows or walls flashes of bright blue light were streaming. Bill paused for a moment. He was not altogether without a certain amount of dread of the supernatural, though bold as a lion to face what he had made up his mind to. " Vell, I never," said he. " This is a rum go. There she comes." As he said this there was a clanking of chains, a hubbub of many voices, and the and the large folding doors gradually opened. To Be Continued. 