THE BOOLCTJNDA CREEK GHOST. Here's a knocking indeed! .... Knock 1 fenock ! knock ! Who's there, i' the name o* Beelze huh? .... Who's there, i' the devil's name? Enock - knock ! knock ! Never at quiet?— Macbeth. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The lively pranks recorded of the above \- e host axe no less entertaining than the alleged strong credulity oi rrooper raucneu. is rerresn ing (reminding as of many of the ghost stories to which we so eagerly listened and so readily believed in the days of our childhood), and the flight of Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorf from their borne is suggestive of their terror and super stition, the twins born of ignorance. Tell it not in Gath, Publish it not in the streets of Askelon/* that when the sturdy Trooper Mitchell, in company with six other gentlemen, went to the deserted cottage, where they stayed from Son day evening till Monday morning, they neither heard any ghostly knocking, nor beheld the form of any immaterial spirit. His belief in the unnatural unfits the valiant trooper for properly investigating* the matter. la the absence of human knaves or tricksters, living animals, wind, or some other cause {all causes are natural, every existing cause is the effect of a preceding natural cause) of strange phenomena no ghost has ever revealed himself to the eyes, ears, or nerves of aBy man. The Boolcunda Greek ghost is bat one of a numerous class. From the details furnished by your Gradock correspondent it ia probable that the visits of the ghost are due to the secret performances of Mr. Hamdorf 's children. This ghost Btory is similar in kind to those told of the haunted Royal Palace of Wood stock, tiie demon of Tedworth, the Cock-lane ghost, the ghostly disturber of Mrs. Golding'a house, the devilry of the ghost in a farm- house in Baldarrock, and others too numerous to mention. The wonderful exploits ascribed to Mr. Hamdorf's unearthly visitant are not so numerous, clever, or startling as those which were attributed to the above ghosts, the human perpetrators of which were sooner or later dis covered, some of whom were brought to \- justice and had to suffer for their mis deeds in playing the ghost. 'These tales,' says Charles Mackay, LL.D., 'of haunted homes, especially those of the last and present century, however they may make ns blush for popular folly, are yet gratifying in their results, for they show that society has made a vast improvement. Had Parsons and his wife, and the other contrivers of the Cock lane deception, lived 200 years earlier they would not perhaps have found a greater num ber of dupes, but they would have been hanged as witches instead of being imprisoned as vaga bonds. The ingenious Anne Robinson and the sly lasses of Baldarroch would doubtless have met a similar fate. Thus it is pleasant to re flect that, though there may be as much folly and credulity in the world in one class of society, there is more wisdom and mercy in another than ever were known before. Law-givers, by blotting from the statute-book the absurd or sanguinary enactments of their predecessors, have made one step towards teaching the people. It is to be hoped that the day is not far distant when lawgivers will teach the people by some more direct means, and pre vent the recurrence of delusions like these, and many worse which ntight be cited, by securing to every child born within their dominions an education in accordance with the advancing state of civilisation. If ghosts and -witches are not yet altogether exploded it is the fault not bo much of the ignorant people as of the law and the government that have neglected to enlighten them.' May the teachers in our State schools both apprehend and do their duty in this important matter. — lam, &c;, CHAS. TJO3E. May 5, 1887. 