WHAT SHE CAME THROUGH. By the Author of 'Lady Bell,' Etc Chapter xv. — Long Dick Finds a Mate, frONTINITRn.l ' Yes, yes, I know,' said Joel, quite ten derly, 'it ain't the loss of the tin, for that might be made up, it's the thought of the creature that worked for, and trusted us, and came to grief through our shortsightedness, that is the sting. But get up, and come along with me, else the night will be down, and we'll catch our death of cold.' ' You are a discernin' chap, Joel Wray,' said Long Dick slowly, as the two rose after they had fraternised over the destruction of the horse. ' If you had hammered up on poor Punch bein' old, and well-nigh fit for the kennel, as some folks despise them faithful old hosses, wool, I 'ould still owe you my life at the risk of your own, for you were an ugly wenture, with the poor beast as were so sensible, a-flinging out with terror like mad, with the torter on chokin, never to obey a word or sign more. But now I can bring myself to thank you hearty, though, mind, I say I 'a borne a big grudge again you these ten days back, and I 'on't say that I 'a no cause, on'y I ain't such a heartless brute nudder, as not to be grateful for life — more'n that the Tad as has felt with me for Punch is a good one, odd man, or stuck mechanic on the tramp as he may be.' ' Bosh ! any fellow would hare done it,' said Toel Wray, but colouring with bashful nsss, that was decidedly becoming in one that was usually so confident, and with pleasure. ' You would have done the same and more for me, or any man. There ain't any merit in it ; we cannot help it ; we should be worse than oar dogs if we didn't obey an instinct of rush ing to - he rescue. But I say, Dick, I like you, you know I have liked you from the first, and I want a mate like you to stand by and teach me many things that I have set my heart on learning. If I — if we are opposed on some things, on which we can't help being opposed, because they may get to be more than life and death to us — can't we make up our minds to differ on one or two subjects and to agree on the rest? Can't we be friendly foes in the middle of our strife, or even get to like '^'?h other : because I am sure you have the making of a gentleman in you — the root out of which all true gentleness has risen — I (mean you are an honest, brave man, whatever your blunders and short comings. And for that matter, we are all in a precious mess together in this blessed . country — which we persist in saying is so ex ceptionally free and prosperous— in addition to misunderstanding, and misjudging, and coming Jown like thunder on each other. And if one or two of us seek to get behind the scenes to learn a thing or two of our common humanity, to use, God willing, in the end, for the good of all, as the greatest enterprise with which the times provide us, why we are held to be fools or worse, that is the justice we are treated to ! ' Long Dick stared blankly at this tirade. In the beginning of the speech Joel Wray's voice had been curiously persuasive, while in the end it had passed into the dogmatic, dogged, in dignant tones of a man who is riding a bobby, and riding it to death, not altogether uncon sciously ; withal there was that monotony steal ing into the accents which attends upon the habitual dreamer, who, if he does not commit the ancient vagary of soliloquizing, is still in the habit of holding, mentally, long conversa tions with himself, in which he is the sole speaker, or if he ever argues with himself only raises phantom objections in order to lay them, ghost-fashion, again. Long Dick had never heard anything like this lecture in private life before. He made up his mind that Joel Wray must have taken, amongst his other trades, to 'Methody,' preaching, ato one time, though he was a churchman now ; or must have abode for a season with such a troop of strolling players as Dick bad seen at Cheam, and at the neigh bouring fairs. As an acquirement derived from either walk of life, he bad learnt to 'spout,' in addition to his ordinary long tongue, which was wont to wag like a girl's, and was treating Dick to the performance, it might be, as a distraction or solace after his recent misfortune and agitation. Dick did not like it, did not feel so pro pitiated by the cleverness of the exhibition as by Joel's simple words of sympathy for the horse's fate ; in fact, it grated disagreeably on sturdy, stolid Dick's principles, as something ont of place and insincere, something like laughing at his forced, painful admissiou and concession. It required the vivid, restraining sense of the benefit just conferred to prevent Long Dick^feeling aggrieved, if not insulted, by the folly. After a moment, Joel Wray seemed himself affronted 'at his own, bare-brained application of and improvement of the occasion on the country road, through the gathering darkness. He strode along in silence, with a certain air of discomfiture and discontent in his gait. When he spoke again it was to repeat briefly and wistfully the entreaty that Long Dick would let Joel be his mate, and would bear with him and his ignorance, cockiness, shal lowness, light-heartedness, whatever it was ; that he would, when they were forced to be foes, help Joel in the task he had set himself that they should be fair foes, and do each other no greater wrong than what they could not hinder, and must remember with regret in their greatest sins. ' For do you know, Dick, I cannot tell what our Christianity is worth if it be not to make us better foes, as well as better friends. You have heard of the Knights of the Round Table, Dick ? the ring children keep up yet in their play ?' ' I dunno know as I 'a heard on them,' said Dick quickly and surlily, for he was half divided between wonder and confusion at the bold in terloper's strange, unexpected humility, while he dreaded that Joel was going back to his out of-season spouting. ' An' if I 'a heard on 'em, I dunno know what such shams 'a to do with you and me. They may belong to passon's sermons, or to barn plays, but they ain't my price. I'll tell you what, my lad, seems to me your brains be turned with book know, which you've been mindin* 'stead on your proper trade.' ' Maybe you're right, Long Dick,' answered Joel Wray with a laugh and a sigh. ' Forgive me for naming Don Quixote, and bringing him also neck and crop into the discussion. It is a bad habit I always hads too speculative and fanciful by half, my very teachers said. But if you had heard, which I suppose you have not, of that other knight, Don Quixote, you might have capped the Britons with the Spaniard, and pointed your moral far more aptly than I have mine. However, well let all the old shams, as you call them, rest in their graves, or better, between the boards of the books where alone they've had a life, if you will promise me that we shall be friends from to-night. Yes, I will say it, Dick, even for the sake of Pleasance Hatton, who is your price, though the Knights of the Round Table ain't (but you may hear their history from her sweet lips, though you won't from mine), at whose feet we are both fain to lie. In the name of Pleasance, Dick, whom I've a round guess it would please abave all things, !et us be friends, and take no gross or mean advantage over each other.' 'You d' be too fast, Joel Wray.' 'grumbled Dick ; ' you be a queer customer ; I be pounded if I can make you out. But arter what 'a come and gone to-night, and you a walking there in the night air, a steamin' in your wet clothes, fit to get your death on cold — and you town-bred — from fishin' me out on the Btoad, among the feet of Punch, and sorry too, for the poor old hoss, wool, I suppose we do be friends, sip' yon will 'a it, till bettern or worsn come on it.' 'If like d' draw to like,' Dick said to him self, when the two parted, with a mixture of doubt, admiration, and bitterness, ' Pleasance will fall to his lot, I'll be cut out, for he do have a smack on her.' 