RECENT PUBLICATIONS We have received a copy of the "Transactions and Proceedings of the New Zealand Institute, 1886." This is a bulky volume of 656 pages, edited and published under the authority of the Board of Governors of the institute, by James Hector, C.M.G., M.D, F.R.S. The institute was established under an Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand, passed in 1867- Societies consist- ing of not fewer than 25 members, and subscribing not less than £60 per annum for the promotion of Science, Art, or some branch of knowledge, may be incor- porated with the institute on being certified to the satisfac- tion of the board of governors. At the present time eight societies are thus incorporated, namely, Wellington Philo- sophical Society, Auckland Institute, Philosophical Insti- tute of Canterbury, Otago Institute, Westland Institute, Hawke's Bay Philosophical Institute, Southland Institute, and Nelson " Philosophical Society. The volume now to hand is the 19th yearly report, and contains a pretty full account of the proceedings of last year throughout the whole of the incorporated societies. The papers reproduced do not, however, represent more than a selection by the Board with a view to general and permanent interest. Amongst them will be found 28 on zoology, 12 on botany, 20 on geology, one on chemistry, and 11 on miscellaneous sub- jects. A valuable appendix furnishes statistics and notes on the rainfall and weather during the year ; and another important feature of the publication is its list of 28 full page coloured illustrations, bearing upon the subjects of some of the most important papers. From Messrs. Longmans, Green, and Co. we have received, two short novels. One is a story of American backwoods life, " In the Carquinez Woods," by Bret Harte. Its principal characters are a noble-minded half-breed, who, by dint of long re- searches in the natural history and botany of his own district, had qualified himself for an important curatorship which he was about to enter upon, and a beautiful but desperate woman, who, after a short career of increasing recklessness, escaped from the officers of the law, and took refuge in the Curquinez woods, where she was for a time protected by the botanist. A backwoods Baptist minister and his pretty daughter in the nearest settlement are made to play a subordinate and worldly-wise part in the story. After many beautiful touches of nature, and not a few disclosures of hypocrisy, the story ends disastrously for the leading characters, whilst the parson's wily daughter marries the least eligible of three lovers she had long kept in tow. The other novel is entitled " Thraldom," and the author is Julian Sturgis. It is a crudely worked-out love story, in which a mesmerising old chaperone trios to steal the affections of a young girl under her charge from her affianced lover, and to get them transferred to her own son, who is already in thraldom to her power. The wicked plot fails at the point of its com- pletion, and a good ending makes some little compensation for the weak points of the story. We have also received from Messrs. Longmans, Green, and Co., copies of a new and cheap edition of James Payne's popular novels, " The Luck of the Darrells" and "Thicker than Water." From T. Fisher Unwin we have received a new book of "Tales of the Caliph,"by Al Arariyah, giving further accounts of noteworthy recurrences concerning the celebrated Caliph Haroun Alraschid, which, the authov thinks, " no wit less interesting and extraordinary" than those which have been previously related. We have received from the Government Printing Office a valuable treatise on the " Geology of the Vegetable Creek Tin-mining Field," in the New England district, by Mr. T. W. Edgeworth David, B.A..F.G.S., Geological Surveyor in the Department of Mines. The importance of the mineral resources of the district covered by this treatise has long been thoroughly established; and as to the value of Mr. David's work, Mr. C. S. Wilin- son, the head of the Geological Survey Branch of the Department of Mines, prefaces the book with the following commendation :-" I have inspected the principal portions of the district with Mr. David. The arcurate and exhaustive descriptions now given by him of its goology and mineral resources, will form a valuable work of refer- ence, especially in connection with his geological map and sections of this important mining field." The map and sections referred to are included in this book, and even a cursory inspection makes it clear that a vast amount of work must have been expended upon them. The map shows on a large scale the features and formation of the whole district, and the coloured sections exhibit at a glance the character and thickness of the strata passed through by the principal shafts that have already been sunk. A little pamphlet is also to hand, purporting to be an inquiry into " The present Depression in Trade : its Cause and Remedy," by C. O. Waldon, pro bona patriae. The author confesses to a disadvantage in having no mystic letters at the end of his name, few friends, and little skill of a literary kind. But he fortifies himself with the " con- fidence that there are not many who have a better know- ledge of the requirements and future prospects of the country." He estimates that in Sydney and suburbs there are 10,000 working-men, representing about 30,000 people, going idle, and that, generally speaking, the country is going to the dogs. This remedy may be summed up in one word-" protection." From Mr. Edmond Crodick Howell, Clerk of the Legis- lative Council of Tasmania, we have received a "Parlia- mentary Handbook," compiled by him, to show the practice of the House of Commons in cases not specially provided for by the Standing Orders of the Legislative Council of his own colony. The contents are conveniently arranged in numbered paragraphs, and with marginal sub-headings directing the eye to the exact place where the required in- formation is to be found. We have also to acknowledge a copy of " Australian Stories Retold, and Sketches of Country Life," by W. H. Suttor, M.L.C. (Glyndwr Whalan, Bathurst, 1887). His little book is a reprint of stories and sketches which were originally " written for a charitable purpose." Acting on the " solicitations of many friends," the author has had them collected in their present form. The stories include such exciting items as " Fisher's Ghost " and " The Hundredweight of Gold " ; and as the author explains, they were gathered , " from the press records of the day, and from the word of mouth of old colonial friends." The sketches of country life are derived almost wholly from the author's own experiences. The book has been launched with a modest preface, and is both racy and interesting. 